Californians are all about the In-N-Out, where you can get your burger animal style. And the Midwest is all about Culver's, where the Butter Burger is the thing to order.

C. and I ate lunch here on our way between Milwaukee and Mosinee before going to my folks for Christmas. I got a cheddar burger with fries, and C. got the two-piece chicken dinner with mashed potatoes and green beans.

That's one of the things I love about Culver's. Yes, it's a fast food restaurant. But they also do family restaurant food well. The chicken was good and the green beans really fresh, C. said. Fast food you can feel good about.

I also got a frozen custard, their flavor of the day: Swiss almond Christmas or something like that. Chocolate custard with slivered almonds. Yummo.
I wanted ice cream so my husband pulled off the highway at this Culver's. We opted to get the flavor of the day (cookie dough craving). I was disappointed to find that it was a chocolate custard with TONS of cookie dough chunks because I like custard and not just the mix-ins, etc. but it was overall a decent sundae. I'll just stick to vanilla next time!
Next to Chick-Fil-A, Culver's is my fav fast food chain.  Rarely is a snowboarding trip complete without Culver's to top off the day.

The butter burgers hit the spot (though mine was heavy on the red onions; good thing those are easily removeable), and the fried cheese curds are to die for.  You don't find those floating around just anywhere.  But if there is anything you MUST get, it's a cup of the frozen custard.  Damn, that's good stuff.
Go-to meal: cheddar butter burger, fried cheese curds, and flavor of the day custard.

The difference between a deluxe burger and cheddar butter burger is that in the deluxe, you'll get American cheese.  And you have to pay 25 cents extra to add lettuce, tomato, etc. to the cheddar butter burger.  File that away in your memory bank.
Really good stuff!! The custard was great! I loved it and when I am back in the old USA I can only hope I will cross paths with another culvers.

You know what the thing is with culvers? You actually don't need that much, it's sort of like eating cake batter or cookie dough. You can only have so much before you start getting that sickly feeling and start stirring that plastic spoon around and staring down the custard and wondering why you dont wanna finish. Yeah it's custard and it's heavy especially when you add every kind of peanut butter chocholate bar to the mix.Let me tell you those first five spoonfuls are pure goodness then it goes downhill. Less is more with this stuff let me tell you! Next time I am getting the smallest size, and I will be far more pleased and not guilty I threw out a mega size bucket. Hahaha!
My meaty goodness...why isn't Culvers a nationwide chain?  This bacon cheese burger is way too good to come out of a fastfood drive through window.  I had a nice little picnic on the tailgate of my pickup (driving cross country....long story).  I could not believe how great this burger was. 

The amazing part is the onion rings might be better than the burger.

If you're passing through Wisconsin, you need to stop at Culvers.
Love it!!!!! Love it!!!!!! love it!!!!!!!   Who doesn't love Culver's!
Everything was great except for the burgers they are greasy and very charred compared to other stores.
Ok, I heard from someone that Culver's had cheese curds.  (For those that don't know what a cheese curd is then ready this wiki article.  Don't worry I didn't know about them until I came to Wisconsin.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheese_curds)    So, when class got out early today, I decided that I needed to hunt for the elusive curds.  The easiest place to come was here.  But the curds are not the traditional curds, they were fried curds, like fried mozzarella.   A nice snack but not exactly was I was looking for .... on with the search.
5 stars because 

1) it's Culver's and 

2) I refuse to let an LA resident (Tracy G) weigh down the supreme awesomeness that is Culver's based on her misunderstanding of cheese curd availability!
Recycling in the restaurant.  Our favorites are concrete shakes, the new sweet potato fries, grilled cheese, and cheeseburger.  Very nice & friendly staff.  Food was brought out quick.  Clean tables & restrooms.
The food here is pretty much just like every other Culver's that I've ever been to.  It's a chain, it has to be that way, so I don't really care.  The cheese curds are good in theory but their deep-fried heavenliness will vanquish your appetite pretty quickly, and then you won't be able to enjoy your greasy, cheesy, mayo-ey burger.  Venturing away from the french fries is generally not a good idea.

The pork tenderloin sandwich is godlike.  The tenderloin is about twice as big as the bun that it's served on.  I feel like this is my own little secret since I've never seen anybody else ordering or eating it.  Now the cat is out of the bag.

This place recently did a renovation with a bunch of fake stone veneers and trendy curvy decor all over the place.  Not bad, but I preferred the previous "nursing home meets McDonalds" vibe they had going.  They did manage to improve the layout slightly so that the soda dispenser is no longer right in the way of where people are waiting for their to-go orders.  It still gets pretty nuts at lunchtime though, so prepare to drive around the parking lot a few times looking for a place.

One personal complaint I have with this place is I keep seeing old high school classmates working there.  I pretend not to recognize them.
I don't get it? I don't understand the fascination with Culvers? The food costs twice that of Wend's, Mc D's, Hardys, or Burger King, and with the doubling of the price it has double of the grease! They figured if you "butter toast" the buns you can serve stale bread and know one will know. If you order through the drive through you will be given a number and have to wait. Worst yet if you order a sundae you will get it first while you wait 15-20 minutes for you order to cook. Just in time for you to enjoy you sundae as soup. Worst yet it is not ice cream it is "custard". A frank'en food knock off of real ice cream. Oh, and the fry's are soggy. I don't get it. Amongst my friend I'm apparently the only one that doesn't like this place?
I love Culver's. This is fact.

The thing that makes this Culver's different from the rest is that they had offered Wisconsin-fare, i.e. Wisconsin Cheese Soup. Wow, was this fantastic! The facility was clean, the employees were very happy and the food was very tasty!

I'm glad that I can find quality fast-food, yet sit-down food across the nation!
This is the best Culver's around because it is company owned (not franchised) and they use this store for training new managers, so everyone really knows their job and they are not miserable like most fast food employees.  And the food is almost always perfect.
This place is the bomb.   Fresh burgers and the cheese curds are melt in your mouth perfect.   The service is way above average and the restaurant is very clean.   I have enjoyed Culvers for years when we would visit on vacation.   Now we live here and we make a weekly visit to Culvers for dinner.   Of course you have to top the meal off with a custard.   It is a fast food restaurant but it is way above what you would expect from a fast food restaurant.
Affordable, fast, and yummy! 

Loved their Deluxe burger and chocolate frozen custard! 
Choco frozen custard was soo smooth and creamy--you won't be able to look at ice cream the same! 

p.s. their cheese curds are pretty good too!
Great experience.  Great ice cream.  Always a good alternative to the restaurant across the parking lot.

DQ rocks...
I cannot recommend DQ's food. It is edible but not great. But who on earth goes here for anything but ice cream? They have a pretty good selection of grab-and-go stuff in the freezer by the door, and there is a drive-through. 

The inside is very small, and they close up for a month (I want to say January), I'm guessing for the owners to snowbird it. Every ice cream item I've ever gotten from here has been great. I had a pumpkin Blizzard in the fall that was DELISH. 

If you are the first car through the drive-through you should count your lucky stars. If you aren't the first then you might have quite a wait (understandable, since the car in front of you might be ordering Peanut Buster Parfaits for the entire marching band and you'd never know until it was too late). A couple of times I've dealt with employees who seemed to hate me and whatever I was ordering (the median age of these people seems to be about 19), but the ice cream was still great . Other times I've had extremely friendly and happy-seeming people at the window/register. Again, yummy ice cream.
This DQ location has an update: they are now paired with Orange Julius and so had to get rid of the fryers. I'm fine with that; I'm just there for the sugary treats anyhow. 

I try not to visit this place too often, as it is completely unredeemable nutritionally. But so yummy! Anyway, I was intrigued by the Blizzard flavor of the month (or, as the sign says, the BLIZZ FLAV): Lemon Meringue. So I buckled the kids in the minivan and headed out. It's summer vacation, so I don't feel bad about having them out after 9pm. It seems like most of Sun Prairie felt the same way, because when we got there we were the sixth car or so in line for the drive-through. 

Instead of waiting forever in line with the engine running I parked in the miniscule lot and walked in. I was then second in line behind some squirrely teenage girls. There were three young people working, and they were seriously running their arses off. The young woman who helped the teen in front of me and then me was nothing but professional and courteous. My Blizzards were perfection (Lemon Meringue and Mint Oreo). 

I docked a star just because the place is so squished.
I'm embarrassed to be writing this review. 
Why, you ask? 
Well it means coping to a number of things: 

1. I was at Dairy Queen. 

I'll stop there. 

Naw, I'll keep going...

2. Even though I'm lactose intolerant, there's just something about a blizzard I can't say no to.  
3. Yes, even Yelp's lover of local winds up at a chain every now and again. It's usually during a dark period or when I'm leaving a meeting in Sun Prairie and I drive by the only DQ I know of in Wisconsin. 
4. The basis for my low rating is a terrible blizzard that crushed all my blizzard dreams. 
5. The real basis for my low rating is the fact that they took out friers, so gone are the days of crisp "chicken" fingers and white bread... seriously why were the baskets served with white bread? 

At the end of the day, the product, and I mean water, maaaaaybe skim milk and flavoring just didn't meet my expectations as blizzards have before. (I told you, I'm embarrassed) Add to this the fact that when it comes to "Brazier" all you can get is a hot dog swimming in funky hot dog water and there's little to no reason for me to stop here anymore. 

I want to take this opportunity to apologize to Michael's, Culver's and most of all Kopps in Milwaukee. I'll never stray again. You shouldn't either.
I stopped here on the way to my hometown from the airport one of the last times I was in the Madison area. I'm normally a huge fan of the Wisconsin Swiss Melt, but the one I had here was not so good.

First, the sandwich was exceptionally greasy. I don't think I've ever had a patty melt-type sandwich that was that greasy in my life. Yeah, I understand this is a joint that specializes in butter burgers, but this was extreme, even for Culver's.

Second, the size of the burger was pathetic. Admittedly, I've been out of Wisconsin for a few years now, so maybe my recollection of the size of Culver's burgers isn't so good, but the patty on this particular sandwich was seriously thin, and the burger came no where close to covering the bread.

If you're just passing through the north side of Madison and have a sudden craving for Culver's, I'd suggest you keep going and stop at the location in Waunakee or the location near East Towne Mall, depending upon which direction you're heading.
This Culvers gives Culvers a bad name. Ive had excessively slow service, hair in my ice cream and burgers that resemble dog food and that's enough for me. Ive never quite seen a burger paddy so thin and greasy before in my life. You've  got to be desperate to eat there.
The bastard child of two sexy Culvers.
First of all, how has no one reviewed Michael's yet?  They have the best everything!  The best frozen yogurt, certainly the best fried cheese curds EVER, and the best root beer.  Michael's is open kind of later than you might expect, and has a nice patio to sit outside in the summer.  They now offer K-9 custard, so you can bring your dog too!  

My cat likes ice cream, I wonder if K-9 custard could be good for felines?
Thank god Michelle reviewed this place. She's taken me here before and IT RULED but I coudn't remember the name. I wish we had a place like Michael's even half as good in Minneapolis.

Every single time I have frozen custard it tastes like butter and, while some may find that awesome, it happens to make my gag reflex go crazy. The custard at Michael's is pretty much perfect and the root beer is SO good. I don't even like root beer that much but I would drink this stuff every day if I could.

I'm sure I'd love the K-9 custard, too. Who cares, I'm sure it's ten times better than the solid half and half a lot of places are trying to pass off as custard around here.
i cannot believe that no one had yelped this place- thank you jaymi and michelle, you are geniuses. 

my friends from madison visiting a couple weeks ago told me that michaels is  just as it was when i was there maybe 8 years ago so this review should be accurate. one word sums it up. PERFECTION. they also told me they dont go often, or at least every day, which i would. you would be beyond obese but it would be worth it. i have only had the frozen custard here and being lactose intolerant but in denial makes it a rough experience. there is nothing like this in the world- italian gelati, nopee, argentine ice cream del dios, cant touch this shit. 

michaels frozen custard is literally the best taste sensation i have experienced in my life. that is a big statement and im owning it.  it doesnt even matter what flavor you get, its that good. you dont even have to get toppings on it- though i would toss some peanut butter cup chunks on. could be worth the drive to madison alone.
First of all, this is not the original location... that's why you see so few reviews here on the Atwood store. However, they still have the cute umbrellas and the luscious custard we all love. Stopped in to get a fix and killed two birds with one stone -- delicious frozen custard sundaes and hot fried cheese curds. Could it get any better? Only if you made the entry way and the outdoor tables more accessible for friends and family in wheelchairs, and your servers a little friendlier and better. We sat outside in the sunshine and watched everybody drive by and stare back at us jealously.
I had Death By Chocolate.  Now I am dead and loving it.
Each trip home I need, need to stop by here  for the requisite small turtle sundae: its melty eggshell-white frozen custard, hot fudge, caramel, a pile of pecans and cherry on top makes my day. Or my year. 

Take a pint to-go, too. I'm currently dreaming about their pumpkin custard. Mmm.
Cheddar burger, check. Vanilla shake, check. Food coma, double check!!! This place is old school burgers, fries and shakes; and they are good at what they do!
The custard is really fantastic - creamy - the best.  The other food, though, is notably disappointing.  I've had a couple of burgers there and they were greasy and half-hearted concoctions.  I also think that the counter staff could be a lot better.  They always seem sullen and taciturn.  In the winter you get the impression that they aren't really even supposed to be open.  That is all a shame, though, because the interior is decent - 50's diner style - and they could surely draw in a very decent off-season crowd if they chose to work on the food and the staff's comportment.
Go for the custard, and if you are doing drive through and want the flavor of the day, be sure to ask for it fresh. I was sure Culver's just down the way would drive a stake through Michael's when it opened a few years back, but it hasn't happened. For those of us who like the real thing, that's something to be happy about.

I've been happy with their veggie burgers and can't complain about the food over all. Drive in kinda food...
Being from out of state, I'm not a custard expert.  However, even an idiot knows that this place is good after just one taste.

I enjoyed the black forest flavor of the day.  Creamy chocolate and cherries.

Make sure to walk through the back parking lot, through the grassy area and down to the lake to enjoy your treat.
Better than Culvers. But more expensive.
If you stop eating frozen custard for a while and then go back to it, you  wish you never tried it again.  After a few years frequenting this place, the Oreo malt is the only thing I consider ordering. And that is only if someone I'm with really wants to go and is paying for it. Prices are obscene. All of the food is greasy, bland, and expensive.
Good, wisconsin-esque experience.  The flavors of the day, mint oreo, then cookie dough, were just ok.  Would go back, unless I found someplace better.
I was there on a hot Sat in June.  They had one clerk and some other guy learning over try to hear the order.  Shouldn't the outside order window be opened.  I order the basket and the clerk specifically asked me for fries, onion rings, and cheez curds.  What I ended up in my basket were onion petals.  These aren't rings( they used to serve rings)but that's not what I got. I got about 10 and they used to serve big portions.  This location didn't have fountain drinks and had the choice of soda in a can. They used to have fountain drinks.Finally, the last thing that made mad as a wet wasp is the prices listed are cash prices. If use a credit card you pay 3% more. A flavor OF THE DAY(fod) is about 3.70 while a whole pint is about 4.99.  You can always get the FOD in a pint so I would go with a whole pint.  Basket are about 5.99 to 6.70 but bring your cash or add 3% to the already absorbent prices.
The best frozen custard!

It's very smooth and creamy though a bit sweet. Every time I go to Madison, I need to stop here for some creamy frozen treat. The chocolate pecan is my favorite.
I like this place.  Nothing super special, but still one of the best custard places in town.  I always get dog ice cream for my pups.
I'm a frozen custard novice, so maybe i'll revise this after I've tried some other places. 

We came here at about 9:30 on a Thursday night and it was pretty dead. I think we were expecting a normal ice cream shop kind of atmosphere, with a big case of flavors to look at, so we had a bit of a deer-in-headlights moment when we first walked in, trying to figure out what we were supposed to order. It turns out they only have 3 flavors (vanilla, chocolate, and one other) per day, and most of your choices come from what sort of sundae you get. Once we figured that out, a number of the sundae choices seemed pretty solid. I ended up going with Turtle, and my husband got the Peanut Butter Cup. Both were excellent. The chocolate shell on the PBC was nicely chocolaty, especially for that kind of a product, and I appreciated that they didn't skimp on the pecans for the Turtle. We both had smalls, which were QUITE ample. We also got a K9 custard for our dog, which she appeared to enjoy. 

I guess I just have a couple of objections that keep this from being a 4-star place. First, I wish they had more flavors, since I don't always want a sundae (but maybe this is characteristic of frozen custard joints and is not a fair criticism). Second, I think it should be served slightly colder so that it doesn't melt as fast when the hot fudge hits it. Third, I felt that it was a bit overpriced for a fast food-style place. This is especially true of the K9 custard, since we're used to getting something more along the lines of a 79-cent kiddie cone for the dog. We'll probably be back, since its in the neighborhood, but this will not be the last frozen dessert purveyor I visit in Madison.
Stick with Culvers!  My family and I stopped by on our way biking around the lake. What a rude and disappointing experience. First of all the staff who waited on us, Andrea was short tempered and not into customer service. We tried to order swirl, but they don't have it, we had to come up with a solution, Andrea just said no. We ordered a cone, small sundae and a can of coke. About $10.00 later, I was grudging given a glass filled about 1/3 full of ice for my not very chilled coke. The custard is ok, but nothing special. Another option would to be to continue on the bike path. In Monona there is an ice cream stop by a park on the lake. We will try that next time.
For all the hype, Michael's is quite a disappointment. 

Maybe it's because I didn't try the custard. But seriously, I didn't need more weighing down in this weather...so I ordered an orange crush float instead. For something that would have cost me MAYBE 50cents to make at home, I paid close to $5 for a 12oz cup. That is ridiculous. In general, I think their prices are pretty steep for what you get....you'd probably have to order a burger to really get a bang for your buck...

Like RB, I also had an issue with the service. It was slow, disorganized, and not very friendly. The line was almost out the door, but the employees behind the counter didn't even ATTEMPT to speed up the service. One of them just disappeared into a back room. tsktsk. I also thought it was hilarious how one of the employees crumpled up an order form before the order had been completed, and then had to UNcrumple the paper so she could re-read the order to her coworker. Really? 

Anyway, I will probably give the Monroe St. Michael's - and their custards/burgers - a shot, but I'm not going to get my hopes up.
This was my first visit.  I love the interior decoration of this place.  Clean.  Had a really yummy sundae.  A bit pricey though.
Great custard, fresh toppings, overall its amazing. $$$ though. I paid $4 for a chocolate shake and it was not even that big. A cheaper alternative, obviously Culvers. I would still recommend Michaels though.
Just had the worst tasting greasy cheesburger I have ever had.  Served with about 5 french fries.
In Madison to watch some club soccer at the park down the road. Skipped breakfast and needed to fill my belly with some lip lickin food that comes fast. 

Michael's looked like a gimmick, but was the closest place I could find. They're going for a 50s nostalgia drive-thru and for the most part it works! I recommend going inside to also taste the retro ambiance. 

Food? Happy to report significantly better than your average fast food joint. My bacon cheeseburger was dripping with just off the grill grease. It's a quality burger with fresh veggies to boot. And you won't find fries like this even at a sitdown restaurant. Holy delicious.

Next time I'll try the shake.
Please do not ever go here.  This is a public service announcement.  I do not even know you and I like you too much to suggest this place.

1- Prices?!  Are you kidding me?  $6 for a milkshake?  It was tiny.  Not to mention it was not much of a milkshake.  It was a peanut butter cup shake.  They took some peanut butter cups, crushed them and stirred them into custard with some milk.  I saw the whole process.  It was not very impressive whatsoever.  The flavor was ok.  

2 - The food.  I had a chili cheese dog.  This is my standard order when it is available on the menu.  The chili tasted like Hormel.  The hot dog was hot and the chili was warm.  I like that they have shredded cheese on it, rather than liquid cheese.

3 - My dining companion got a burger.  It tasted ok, but it was a very thing patty. He also ordered cheese curds with it.  They were so greasy and lacked any good flavor in the breading.  

Overall, we spent nearly $20 there and I was not satisfied with my meal.  Every talks so much about how great the custard is.  Nope.  Not good.  Go to Culver's!  Seriously, for $6 you can get something TWICE the size with more mix-ins.  Better yet?  Get a cone for you AND a friend.
A freezer full of titles that need to be decoded!

I asked the counter guy the tough questions: 

"What's the difference between bear claw, elephant trax, and badger trax?"

I can't remember what the difference was other than that elephant trax sounded the best.  I didn't want to risk ending my day with artificial caramel, so chose the chocolate custard with peanut butter cups.

Perhaps a little steep at upwards of $5 per pint, but hey, it's not much more expensive than regular-price Haagen-Dazs or Ben&Jerry's is getting these days, and I think it's at least on par, plus it's freshly made!
Michael's has been around forever...I've eaten more sundaes here than I care to admit.  And, without fail, they are good. Every. Single. Time. Yes, they are a bit pricey.  Yes, they may be small for what you get. Yes they are all pretty similar. But darn it. They are so stinkin' good.  Just eat them before they melt, because gosh does custard melt faster than ice cream!!

I have never eaten the "real" food at this location - so I can't comment on that. But the sundaes are worth it every time.
I know people are crazy for Culver's. It's an ok place for a custard, but I don't get the butter burger thing. Every meal I've eaten there just hasn't set well on my stomach--especially the "walleye" sandwich. I even tried a salad in an attempt to find something healthy. The lettuce was wilted and what chicken they had on top was uninspired and as dry as a shoe.   I'll keep trying, though. I haven't had any of their soups, and if these are good I'm willing to rethink this review a bit. 

I will say they are very awesome with kids and generous with the free little dishes of custard for them.
First of all, this is Culvers.  I love the mushroom and swiss burger, delicious, I crave it and I am not a fast food person!   They custards are to die for and I am glad that I do not live by a culvers because I would probably try to eat there every day!  I love their food, service has always been great here!
Every Wisconsin fatty loves a good butterburger, we all know that, but what sets this Culvers apart from the others is the fact that its hands down the best one in Madison, and maybe even Wisconsin. The food is always hot,fresh,well prepared,and served quickly and politely. The other thing is its cleanliness. Its restrooms are always very clean and smell good, and the tables are quickly bussed and wiped down to make room for the next customer. The floors are kept immaculate, and you will never see a mess on the floor or at the condiment station. I think this is because the owner takes great pride in his resteraunt, and is always there. I know this because I live close and eat here 3 times a week, and he's always there. Most of the staff has worked there for a long time as well, and are good at their job. This place is the blueprint of what a Culvers should be,and a shining star among the companys resteraunts.
It's Culvers, what else can I say. 
I love the place. Best fast food for the price.

This particular Culver's is getting a review because of how great it is. There is something about this location that stands above the rest and I can not put my finger on it. better tasting food, better frozen yogurt, better specials every day...I just don't know. It is just great.

I have to also add in that this location is always busy. Always busy! Cars coming onto the road busy, so this must mean I'm not the only person that thinks this Culver's location is extremely awesome.
This location always has good specials but their daily flavors are seriously lacking.  Orange Dreamsicle? S'more?  Blueberry?  Eh.  Give me something spectacular!  If they are not going to be complicated then please tell your staff to be knowledgeable.  I have asked questions about the ingredients and been told, more than once, that they did not know.  We are not talking complicated questions.  Does the blueberry have whole fruit or is it folded in (kind of like a syrup)?

Otherwise, I like this place.  Typical Culver's.
Love me some Culver's!  The burgers rock, the cheese turds & onion rings are fab, and the fish fry is REALLY good!  And, let's not even talk about the malts!  OMG, sooooo gooooood!
great neighborhood staff, the family that runs is  very hardworking serious about their bussiness and satisfying customers. thanks,
This review is SOLELY for the flavor Waffle Cone.

Boring.  It has a vanilla custard base with waffle cones and chocolate pieces in it.  First, there was not many piece of chocolate or waffle cone in it.  It was not a fun and interesting mix of add-ins.  

I like their vanilla ice cream, this flavor did nothing for it.
This review is SOLELY for the butter pecan. This flavor is pretty close to the traditional butter pecan. 

My only request is that it was a richer butter flavor. The creaminess just wasn't there. However, a good second place.
This review is for Just Drummy.

Boring.  I do not feel like I had many piece of the "drummy."  It was vanilla ice cream with a couple of pieces of waffle cone.  I should have just gotten vanilla and skipped the frustration.
I love Culver's as a company, first.  They are solid through and through.  

Each location varies a little, but I think, on the whole, the parent company does enough to keep the franchises in line very well.  I've never been disappointed with any Culver's at which I've eaten.

This location does everything well.  I work near here, so I go here at least once a week for lunch, and have for probably the last four years.  I have never had a single complaint.  Even when they're busy, they manage to keep the place looking well and getting the food out fast and hot.

The only knock I could issue against this place is the layout of their parking lot isn't great.  It could get fixed.  If you park on the right-hand side of the lot, you can get stuck in your space if there's a long line at the drive-thru.
The best fast food I know of. Maybe Chipotle, as well. Staff is always friendly. I'm not from here but this place is very Wisconsin-y to me, in a food way.

Good chili.
Mac Alpine's is an Original Soda Fountain.  Pretty sure it's the only one left in the city.  When you walk in you can sit on one of the stools at the original bar and one of the lovely folks there will make the drink or ice cream desert of your dream.  A fizz, an egg cream, a malt or even a simple Dr Pepper float.  You name it, they can make it.  The ice cream deserts rock in their simplicity.  

There are some very cool original booths still left, and some extra seating in the back.  It's not a huge place by any means, but I've never had to wait for a table - even when they were a stop on the First Friday bus route.  Folks who came by acted like they were in a museum - just looking at all the cool stuff - some of which is for sale - and left.  They have NO idea what they were missing out on here.  

The ONLY thing that makes the place not get 5 stars is that they don't offer french fries.  Their burgers are awesome - but without the fries, I stick more to their amazing BLT or their messy but good good egg salad.  Both of those go great with their potato salad - which I think is one of the best ever.  

The absolute best part?  We had 2 meals, 2 flavored drinks and 2 deserts and it cost less than $25.  Bam baby.
This is the oldest operating soda fountain in the Southwest (from 1928!).  good jukebox ... and they have REAL phosphate sodas and malts (very very yummy!) ... as well as your typical soda fountain stuff (circa 1928-50's) ... It's cool as hell but I wish they would have restored the place rather than keeping it "as is" ... it's a little rugged from the years but very cute and REAL.  I gotta say ... it really is a MUST see for all!
The most authentic old-time soda shop experience in Phoenix.  Forget about that other place in Old Town...a mere youngster from the 50's.  Mac Alpine is the real deal.

When you want a malt, this is the place to go with 6 scoops in your cup (with extra portion in the stainless steel shaker that they also give you).  The sandwiches are so-so and the ice cream is Thrifty...but the atmosphere is genuine retro with original coke signs and wooden booth seating. 

Great place to take kids or out-of-towners...and you can check out the cute antique store next door if you need to wait for a table
If there were 10 Stars, I would give it 10 stars!!!!!!  Thank you Thank you THANK YOU my dearest Junior for introducing me to MacAlpines!  This is My absolute favorite Place.  Walk In here, and feel like you have traveled back in time, so amazingly kept original!  Wooden Booths with a hat rack at each end, sooo cool!!  Eat their Mouthwatering food while you sing along to the coolest oldies overhead.   I must say my favorite meal is a tie between their Egg Salad and Chicken Salad Sandwich... mmmmmmmm... oh and their split pea soup!!!  Cocunut Egg Cream Soda!!!! AND THEY SERVE THRIFTY'S ICE CREAM!! THE BEST Banana Split you will find!   And you get to shop while you wait for your food! YES! 2 rooms filled with the neatest trinkets,a room filled with amazingly classy clothes/scarves/hats/pins, a phone booth, furniature, You will want to buy it all.  You MUST check this place out.
I had a really hard time picking how many stars to give it.  

On the one hand, it gets 5 stars for the look and feel of the place, the phosphate soda and shake that made me wish I could expand like a tick, the jukebox and the chance to find cool shit to buy while you're eating (there's a chair there that WILL be mine, as soon as I move.  If any of you jerks go buy it before then, I'll come find you and claim what's mine).

On the other hand, my son and I each had a terrible, terrible hamburger and an extremely disinterested waitress.  The burger was so overdone, and i would bet a lot of money that it had been microwaved, based on the speed with which it was served and the taste.  

So for now, Mac Alpine, you get 3 stars.  But I'm so enchanted with the idea of you, that I'll be back.  Maybe not to eat, but to enjoy a shake/phosphate/ice cream soda with a book?  You betcha.  

Since the kid was here with me, I asked for his two cents:  "It was pretty good.  It wasn't the best, but it was good".  And he also gives it 3 stars.
Go to MacAlpine's! Now.

Seriously. I love this place. I live near 7th Street and try to support the local businesses as much as possible. And places like this make it incredibly easy. 

They try and keep it as retro/vintage/original as possible. The ice cream and just desserts in general are fantastic. The food has always been pretty good too. The servers are always dressed in vintage-esque attire. Everytime I've been there the crowd has always been a pretty good mix. 

Even if you're not in the mood for a meal, I would recommend stopping by, cruising the vintage furniture shop attached, and grabbing an old-fashioned soda. Amazing.
Although the retro-fab decor is cute enough for me to give this place a second shot, I was not highly impressed by my first lunch at Mac Alpines. I was thankful for the yummy malt after my not so yummy sandwich, which could have been a re-creation of my middle school's cafeteria food. 

I think in the future I will stick to beverages only at this old time soda shop!
This place is a callback to days gone by. It is also one of the only places open for a late lunch in this area. They have great cold sandwiches, piled high with meat. Their split pea soup is some of the best I've had in a long time. The servers in their cute little uniforms are good too. Plus, you can't really beat the prices. 

Plus, they have all the old-timey soda fountain creations. I got a chocolate phosphate! A chocolate phosphate! Yum. My only complaint is that it was a little low on the chocolate. 

In addition to food, this place has a large vintage type shop. We didn't really peruse the shop much, but it looked like they have a bunch of great stuff at good prices. Check it out.
I miss this place.  I used to work right across the street from McAlp's and would go there at least twice a week.  The atmosphere is great, food is good, and deserts are tasty.  Its nice to see that some places in the Phoenix area don't feel the need to constantly renovate and are not afraid to keep their days gone by look, feel and approach to business.  Writing this is making me hungry for their food again.  I need to find an appointment to schedule downtown so I can lunch there next week.
This place has it all.

Start with atmosphere as there is absolutely no way to ignore it.  In a mad jumble of antiquities ranging from the 20's to the 70's every item is either a conversation piece, memory or a must have.  I bought a mod 60's chappeau my baby brother picked out as being "me" and I am eyeing a full bonnet hair dryer the size of a rice cooker :p

Onto the soda fountain.  There are egg creams, hot fudge and a toe curling number of flavor possibilities. I always want to cook up something outrageous to try but seem to drift toward their amazing executions of classic favorites.

The regular menu is exactly as it should be.  I have yet to be bold enough to try their Hawiian cole slaw (so 50's) but all of their soups, sides, etc. taste home made with reasonable prices.  I was reading through the reviews here and saw a couple mentions of split pea soup ... how is it I've never been when they've had it?!?!  I am now on a mission to go when it is being served.

On a side note, MacAlpine's serves stuffed tomotoes!  Your choice of tune or chicken salad, I imagine they'd do egg if you asked over greens and surrounded by lots of veggies, etc.  It's the kind of dish to inhale after killing yourself at the gym and you won't feel all that bad about it.

P.S. Sometimes the service can seem a bit oddly timed but when you take into account the division of labor and the nature of the place it does make sense.  Also, I once brought a friend in here who needed to sober up a bit and our server didn't turn a hair despite some truly outlandish observations on my friend's part.
The food is decent in a "I'm tired of driving around, just pick a place" kind of way.  Soups, sandwiches, etc.  The kind of stuff you find at Mary Coyle's but without all of the good desserts.  

The decor/nostalgia is the only thing that makes this place work.  It is a great place to keep around and I wish they would turn it into more of an all night diner but it is fine for what it is.
It was 10:45 Saturday morning and I wanted coffee. I knew of a place right down the street from me and to my disappointment it was closed! WTF! Any way I went searching for a cafe. I wanted to sit down and read the new times with a cup of coffee. I actually started my journey thinking I would stop at the drip. But when i got there that place just seemed to modern for me. I was in a funky mood and just wanted a nice cup of coffee, nothing fancy. So I saw an older man waving a sign that said "Best lunch in town!" and he was kind of dancing too! And I said to myself "Yes, i think I will". So I stumbled upon MacAlpines. They had just opened and I sat right down at the counter. I had two cups of yummy diner coffee and after realizing I was hungry too, I ordered a stuffed tomato that was oh so yummy with super fresh veggies. The decor was adorable and welcoming and I loved the juke box. 25 cents gets you two plays! anyway, I'm not giving it four stars because it took some time for the staff to warm up and be friendly. I don't know if it was just because they had just opened or if it was because I was still sleeping and needed a caffeine fix badly. But I want to go again, with company, not by myself and I'll rate it again.
There really isn't a whole lot to say about MacAlpine's other than it's a really cute place with lots of fun stuff to look at.  Not my favorite for food.  

We came to MacAlpine's because I was a contestant in the 7th on 7th dessert contest (which I won, thank you very much) and my parents came to support me.  We decided to go ahead and eat while all the festivities were going on.  My mom and dad got salads which they said were okay.  I don't remember what the husband got, and I got a grilled chicken sandwich.  Unfortunately, my chicken was really dry and I had no dressing or mayo on my sandwich either.  Whatever though, I didn't really mind, I was hungry.

We may be back at some point considering my prize was 30 dollars in gift certificates to the restaurant.  Maybe I will have a better experience next time.  For now though, it's just alright.
This place is a genuine surprise. I walk in, totally expecting an old restaurant with 5 & Diner decor, but I was completely wrong. Essentially, all the furniture, counter, and fixings of the place have been there since 1928. Hell, even our waiter looked like Fatty Arbuckle. If a place manages to stay alive and well for over 80 years in this city that loves to chew up and spit out its historical locales, you've got to give that joint props (Sing High being the exception to that rule).

The cuisine at MacAlpine's is what you'd expect: old fashioned and American. It's nothing spectacular. What really makes the trip however is their soda selection. They've got something like over fifty flavors. I tried out the Blueberry Cheesecake flavored one and my friend was treated to "The Wrestler": a weird/delicious combination of some cherry flavoring and some thing else that tasted like Dr. Pepper. 

In conclusion, this place is a landmark worthy of it's reputation garnered. Its service, vibe, and overall offerings are a testament as to why it's still standing after eight decades.
BEST FLOATS/MILKSHAKES IN TOWN!

Veggie friendly diner food... pretty good tater salad, nice sandwich selection.  Homemade veggie burgers.  Nothing on the menu will blow your mind, but it is a fun, delicious little place to eat, with awesome sodas/dessert drinks.
I have visited MacAlpine's a few times, and every time I have been very pleased with both the food and the service.  The wait staff and the owners are always very friendly and helpful and the food, although nothing fancy, is always good.  I love the atmosphere of this restaurant as well as the neighboring thrift shop that is fun to browse while the food cooks.  And the egg cream sodas are delicious!  Not to mention visiting a piece of Phoenix history at the same time - I love it!  The only downside to this place? I wish they were open later into the evening...
Have you ever watched those dumb/boring/nerdy space documentaries that tell you lies regarding the impossibility of time travel? Some dude with a talking computer tells you "...currently, there is no way to deviate from the space-time continuum"... Lies! I'll tell you how to do it.  You don't even need to buy a time machine on eBay like Kip Dynamite. Just get into your car (no, it doesn't have to be a Delorian) and drive to 7th Ave and Thomas Rd (just south of Thomas on the E side), and BAM! You, my friend have entered another dimension.

You walk into this place and you expect to see Cowboy Biff sitting at the bar. Unfortunately, all you see is elderlies shuffling about. Well, they must know something that we all don't. Like an old man/woman secret that they only tell their peers. You, my friend, have just learned their secret! Sit down and order yourself a Black Bean Burger. What? You say you don't like vegetarian food? Well, neither do I! Trust me. Do it!

While you wait, you can imagine you are your grandpa at 12 years old. Just stopping into the local soda fountain shop to get a smooth refreshing malt. Being a 12 year old in the 1930s, you notice how modern and sleek the decor is in here. Ice cream adverts everywhere... Makes you want to stay 12 forever.

"Mom, can I have some ice cream?" Oh, I mean "Sorry, can I get a strawberry malt with that Black Bean Burger? Ahem, thanks..."
This place gets 5 stars because it is authentic.

You want ceramic tile to look at and bleach-soaked rags permeating your nose? Go somewhere else. This is an old-time soda fountain, and the only modernization to the menu that I could find was the fabulous black bean veggie burger. Score! I always have to get some potato salad because it tastes just like my Great-Aunt Margaret's.

It feels old and it is old. If that sounds good to you, it will be a pleasure to go there. If that sounds icky, go to McDonald's
Americana of the mid-20th century fascinates me and stepping into this soda fountain is like stepping back in time to that period. The decor is fun to look at, and it's nice to be able to browse the merchandise (furniture, trinkets, and other stuff) while waiting for your meal. I ordered the black bean burger - not a 1950s dish to be sure, but tasty and substantial. The strawberry milkshake I got was rich and plentiful; I wish I could have finished it but I was too full from the burger. Definitely worth the visit.
First of all, this place is awesome.
2nd of all this place is amazing.
It is an authentic 50's soda shop / restaraunt.
It's so quaint and real! Just ...To. Die. For.
I even commented that I felt like I was back in the 50's and should be sitting in the back of the restaraunt. Ahem. I have a pretty sick sense of humor, but one of the waiters did laugh loudly at my sentiment.
They have a list of over 50 types of sodas/egg creams, milkshakes. I was in love. I ordered a nectar egg cream and it was to . die. for.
Did I mention you get free refills? Holy crap!!
They served me the best Pastrami sandwhich I have ever tasted in my life. 
and that's just the food.
We haven't even mentioned the shopping. Loads and loads of authentic 50's furniture and clothing and other souvenirs for sale. Box purses. All at more than reasonable prices. Some at downright cheap prices. 
I mean I was in love, love , love.
I told my grandmother, who lives in Michigan, that when she visits me, MacAlpines is the first place I'm taking her in Phoenix.
McAlpines is one of those old school places that would probably be right at home in downtown Prescott. Authentic, amazing service, and the whole fact that they have an antique store really helped make this place shine. 

We had a simple dessert that consisted of 2 Phosphorus's and a hot fudge sundae, and after wards, I felt bloated and diabetic. That's because for the prices, you get a surprising amount of deliciousness. You feel like a little kid when your kind, humorous, tattooed server brings you a MASSIVE sundae cup, dripping with hot fudge and all of the toppings. 

The only, and I mean, THE ONLY drawback, is that I live so far away from them. On the other side, I guess that means I won't be gaining 20 pounds anytime soon.
Supporting small local businesses is definitely my thing. 
MacAlpine's is to die for! 
When I walked in, I imagined being Bettie Page out to lunch. The whole place is exhilarating in its 50's diner simplicity. I might even buy my prom dress in the vintage boutique there. I loved the hot cheese sandwich with tomato. 

Everyone is so right, the deserts are awesome and they even have an authentic vintage milkshake machine. Its so cool when you sit at the lunch counter and watch them make milkshakes and malts, especially when there's so many to choose from. 

Minus one star for being so far away and not having enough staff to accommodate busy days. 

FOUR STARS FOR ATMOSPHERE AND FOOD!
Lovely service.  Good food.  Love the incorporation of the antique shop.  Made for a wonderful date night and we'll go back again.
My wife and I were only in Phoenix for three days and we ended up at MacAlpine's twice. It was that good. The shakes were great, the sandwiches (hot and cold) were great, the potato salad was great one day, but so-so the next. The music was right, the decor was right. The waitresses were prompt and friendly. The soda jerk even wears a paper hat!
Step back in time! Every once in awhile you start to look for something different for lunch and then pops up a place like MacAlpines. Besides the great 50's atmosphere and good food, this place will have you smiling and reminicing the moment you step into the door!

I am not downtown that often but rest assured, I will be back to this place.
I've been coming to MacAlpine's on and off for about 8 years and I still can't get enough.

Monica and Cary (owners) are two of the most hard workers small business owners that I've had the pleasure of knowing.  

MacAlpine's is Phoenix's only still existing original Soda Fountain and a true gem.  Filled with vintage decor and charm, it's a fun time warp every time I go in there.  Their shakes are delicious and so big you get the leftover serving in the metal mixing cup.  Their food is tasty and like mum made it.  They always have vintage tunes on and you can browse the antiques and collectibles next door in between dining.
Who puts celery in chili?

No french fries?

Carrot and raisin salad on the menu?

Cute old-fashioned decor, but really I just wanted to dust the place.
Really this place was gross.  They need to just scrub the place down.  It is filthy.  I was excited to find a cute little malt shop to take the kids to with a 5o's theme.  I had a Reuben.  The meat was tough, and could not be eaten.  My husband and son had a preformed patty for a burger.    My daughter  had a BLT.  Really?  How can you make a GROSS BLT!  It just made me sick that we spent $50 dollars on such a truly bad meal.  The malts were good.  It took us getting through 3/4 of our meal before they came though.  The wait staff was two college age girls that you could tell didn't give a rip if the customer was getting good service.  Go there for a malt or shake and call it good.  Everything else sucked.
Mel Brooks once said the mystery of life is the Egg  Cream. "It has no cream and no egg!" Well, maybe McAlpines does have some cream or at least whipped cream, maybe. I don't ask. I just enjoyably slurp.

Wonderful service, good simple food, phenomenal atmosphere...and today, cherry pie. Long live McAlpines!
Great service, great sundaes and old school fountain creations :)  I did not try their food but will do so next time :)

Definitely a place to bring out of town friends to on a hot summer day to cool off and take some pictures :)
I would be hesitant to rate this so high, because I love me my good antique stores. But I went in to browse their men's dress outfits because we are looking for a vest for my husband to be. Well, we found it! I can't believe we found it so easily. The lady was so nice and told us she would hold it for 24 hours so we can look some other places before making the final decision. The way the place is set up is so awesome. I loved how the little diner was in the middle. We were going to go there but just felt like something different for dinner. The whole feel of this place is completely unique and fun. The store is all spread out so you never have someone breathing down your neck asking what you want. I will definitely be back to this place. Probaby today :)
Sodas were great, food was ok, service was ok.  I thought it would be better based on the reviews.  Kind of dingy...could use a good cleaning.  Price was right for the food we got.
Very friendly staff and kitchy decor. Really great soda fountain. Best egg cream I've had in a very long time. Food is straight forward and unpretentious. Very tasty. Good value.
Came to MacAlpines for the second time. Very impressed again. Had the pastrami Ruben and it is warm, perfectly seasoned, juicy and amazing. Also had a blueberry cheesecake ice cream float which was decadent and delicious. Every waitress is dressed in vintage outfits and they are all stunning. Most of the clientele are Also wearing fun vintage clothes. And are hot lol. Great food, value and fun. Definitely recommend it
It's hard to top a place with 50+ soda/phosphate/shake flavors and can also put together a perfect pastrami on rye.  One of the experiences in Phoenix.  Finish your meal and buy some antiques when you're done.
Pretty darn good - Phoenix's only true throwback 1920's-style soda fountain. Get a load of those green light fixtures down the center of the eating area! Great egg salad sandwiches, blt's, cheeseburgers that are" real" - interesting soups and specials. Potato salad is yumolicious. Shakes and sodas done anyway you like, couldn't be better. 
Also an antique emporium and a bit of a historical site, in a minor way - I'll let you find out why. Highly recommend. Wonderful service, very modest prices.
Great sandwiches and a real soda fountain.  Try a cherry lime phosphate.  Trust me.
Go here for the drinks, atmosphere and history.  Their food is okay, but nothing special.  Split a sundae with your honey on a hot afternoon and you'll be hooked.
this place is a straight throw back to simpler times.... when you just wanted to sit down and have yerself a dog and a soda... and a float, and a sundae.... 

plus, after yer done fillin' yerself up with all the delicious foodie goods, feel free to walk it off as you meander and shop yer way through the vintage offerin's. 

good food, great antiquing, amazing atmosphere.
Walking into MacAlpines is like stopping the clock and turning it back to the turn of the century.  You can get ice cream goodies there that you simply can't get anywhere else reguardless of price.
My wife and I have been here bofore but only for ice cream.  This time we ate at the little tables in the back.  Service was quick, efficient, and very nice.  Wife had a Reuben (she always has a Reuben which makes her an expert on Reuben's I guess.) She declared it one of the best she's eaten.  I had a seafood salad sandwich.  My sandwich was delicious.  
Both came with really GOOD potato salad.  I mean good!!
After that we each had an ice cream soda.  A real ice cream soda.  Rose's was cherry with vanilla ice cream.  Mine was chocolate soda with Chocolate ice cream.  We were both stuffed to the gills when we left.
Total price: 30$ including ice cream, and drinks.
The yesteryear theme, decor and atmosphere gets 5 stars indeed. Great jukeboxes at each booth (2 Plays for a quarter) vintage everything everywhere with sensory overload in a good way ... the food was Ok but not  as noteworthy as the ambiance ... wait staff was friendly and service was prompt even though it was very full at 1pm when I ate there .... will I return? the verdict is still out but probably yes to just try a milkshake which I hear from other reviews is worth the price ...
This place is a hidden gem!! Seriously, one of the best thing if not THE best thing about Phoenix. The old-fashioned soda fountain is complete with adjacent thrift store which has the best finds. The staff are super sweet and they can make a mean sundae, where the chocolate sauce is literally dripping down the side of the sundae glass. I love this place and if I ever have to go back to Phoenix, this would be the first place I would visit.
I've been looking forward to checking this place out for a while, and it did not disappoint.  We had to say good bye to family at the airport, and so wanted a decadent distraction to followup the sadness.  Fancy phosphates and floats served us nicely!
You know how classic diners and decor are trendy now, and places are trying to make their restaurants look like they came through a time machine?  Well, this place is the real deal--an authentic 1920's soda shop, now surrounded by a vintage shop (it used to be a drug store).  The place is just wonderful to walk into.  
Our waitress was unbelievably friendly.  You could tell that the 50's look for her was not just an act--it was her life.  Not only was she friendly, but fast as well.  From the menu, I tried a kiwi phosphate, a tiger's blood (cherry/coconut) Italian soda, tuna sandwich on sourdough, Navy bean soup, and a float to top it off.  All was delicious.  The tuna was not flooded in mayo and was the fattest tuna sandwich I've ever had.  The cole slaw on the side was also a bit dry (little mayo), which to me, is a wonderful thing.  A little pineapple acted to enhance the flavor further.  I am persnickety about slaw, but this I liked.  The drinks were deliciously fizzy.  For desert, we ordered the pumpkin cheesecake bunt cake.  Moments later, the waitress came back to tell us that sadly, she did not have a piece big enough to sell to us, but that there was a small piece left that she could simply give to us for free.  We agreed and added a float for good measure.  The float was pistachio ice cream and amaretto soda.  Unbelievable!  Hands down the best float I've ever had.  And I love that the spoons come in a shot glass of even more soda.  That way, when you eat some of the ice cream, you can add more soda.  Brilliant!  Oh, and the free piece of bunt cake?  It turned out to be the size of a normal piece of cake, but for free.  And it too was delicious.
The stores that flank the restaurant served as a good distraction while walking off a few of the hundreds and hundreds of calories consumed.  
The only real problem was coming down from the sugar high about halfway between Phoenix and Tucson.  
I will be back.  And next time, I'm going to be crazy and try the "dill pickle" phosphate.
Great place! I'll definitely go back often if I have the chance. I ordered the dill pickle phosphate and absolutely loved it. It is sour, but that's what I expected. Fun to look around at all the antique and vintage goods. Decor kept us busy. Worth the trip :)
Went here for a quick bite with family before a play at Phoenix Theater.  I was hesitant based on the reviews here about cleanliness and mediocre food, but the place is a local legend and we had to give it a try.  On the way to our booth, we passed a large empty table that still had the messy remains of previous diners and wondered why the not-busy-at-all waitstaff hadn't cleaned it up yet. The food was on the high side of "just OK."  The malt, ice-cream soda, and phosphates we ordered with dinner were fantastic.  But, before the final curtain of the show, the cramping began for what would be a 24-hour bout of food poisoning traced back - by process of elimination - to McAlpines chicken salad.  I suppose if you want a delicious soda fountain treat, this is your place.  If you want to eat diner food without getting sick, go somewhere else.
What a unique restaurant for Phoenix.  There cream sodas are fantastic and you can't beat their apple pie a la mode.  Plus they have free WiFi and plenty of antiques on display.
The food is not the best, but the phosphate fizzies are out of this world. The old-fashioned soda fountain reminds of when my gramps used to bring me here after gymnastics. It was our special Saturday date. The music supports the vintage theme and the thrift store is always stocked with rare finds.

Eat lunch elsewhere but stop in for a fizzy, you can thank me later.
My daughter lives within walking distance of MacAlpine's. Recently I visited for a week and walked to MacAlpine's 4 times during the visit just to get their Dill Pickle Phosphate! yumm :) 
I did have something new I've never tried before, an Egg Cream Soda - Wedding Cake flavor. Pretty yummy too, but I'll be sticking to the Dill Pickle Phosphate I'm addicted to!
A FYI, MacAlpine's will be featured on Rachel Ray in April. The ower visited with me for a bit & let me in on the news.
Walking in at 11:00 on a Friday morning, we were the first ones in, and were greeted right away. Our small group likes the intimacy of booths, and MacAlpine's doesn't disappoint with their tall booths (with integrated coat racks... for Phoenix!).

Lots of nostalgia everywhere, including the adjacent shops with "antique" items from years past.  You can just tell that many of the decorations are original, and the soda fountain is definitely authentic, as well.

We ate light that day - chicken salad sandwich w/ potato salad for me, Malibu chicken and BLT w/ soup for my companions.  We were served quickly, the bread and produce was fresh, and the iced tea was brewed, not from the fountain (yay!). It's standard lunch fare here, nothing fancy, but the kitchen moves the orders out and the staff is always watchful for empty glasses.  The '50's period wear for the servers is fun, but it's their attitude that makes the difference.  Great place for kids!

What's truly remarkable about this place is the assortment of distracting items from your childhood that forgot even existed, from the candy cigarettes for sale at the front, to the household items you see through glass in the adjacent antique shops. It's fun to have exposure to contraptions you don't see in the stores anymore, and that's why this place is a destination.
A great blast from the past.  They have all of the old time favorites, and a soda fountain.  Great shakes and cherry cola made from scratch.  Great sandwiches.  Don't leave without trying the potato salad.  

And after lunch, you can visit the vintage store with old clothes, furniture, and jewelry.
MacAlpines, where do I start?  From what I can tell from my days of watching Happy Days, it's just like a 1950's diner.  Their sundaes are absolutely D-lish.  They also sell vintage kitsch like furniture, jewelry, hats.
I wandered in here after a day at the library with my mom, sister, and my niece and nephew.
Adorable-love the retro vibe. The junk on the walls is enough to keep me distracted until my food arrives and the waitresses looked awesome, in their retro outfits.
Prices were decent and the food was pretty good.
I definitely want to go back and try the ice cream.
MacApline's is more than a blast to the past, it's like eating lunch in 1949 and then walking out to the door back into 2011. But don' worry, you can bring a part of the past out with you from their huge selection of vintage and retro finds. Don't go there expecting the quickness and flexibility of a "chain restaurant," but do expect a good time, a welcoming atmosphere, and GREAT DESSERT!
I take my little brother here every year for his birthday.  So cute and such a great atmosphere!  I don't drink soda, but here its a treat so I indulge. :) I have to say my favorite thing is the carrot/raisin salad.. YUM!
Great ambiance and a million soda flavors to choose from. Their vintage furnishings & clothes are in great condition!
Cool retro soda shop, waitress dressed in 50ish outfits, complete with the red lipstick...the place was originally a pharmacy and soda shop est. 1928. Has the original counters. Go for the root beer floats, and the orange dreamsicle soda. Great place to relax and  listen to the old music, while sipping a cold concoction.
I few years back I worked around the block from MacAlpines. My coworkers and I would go there for lunch and several rounds of freshmade cherry cokes. YUMMM!!!! I miss those days!!
Love the charm of the place. I only wish they had a burger that did not taste as if it were boiled. And yes, I tried this place a couple times wanting to like it.
A Blast from the past! We had an office just down the street and found this place to be great for eating in and taking out. A friendly staff is attentive and the food is pretty good. The stuff that litters the walls gives the restaurant character and a unique charm.

Oh yeah! And the soda fountain drinks are out of is world!
Had the hot lunch special, a BBQ pork sandwich, and potato salad.

The sandwich was tasty, but average.

The potato salad was a bit bland.

I love MacAlpine's atmosphere, however, so I will definitely return.
Stopped in here on a Sunday afternoon for a milkshake when my sister was visiting from out of town. We browsed the racks of vintage clothing and costume jewelry before sitting down at the bar. It was difficult to choose our milkshake flavor, given the dizzying array of syrups and ice cream combos, but after settling on chocolate and wild cherry, we were very pleased. Plus it was a cheerful looking thing, topped with whipped cream, colorful sprinkles, and a cherry.
I was not as pleased with the service... it wasn't busy until after we sat down, but no one took our order or even gave us a menu or a "hello" until we'd been sitting for about 10 minutes. A party of 8 or so, including a bunch of indecisive kids, sat down AFTER us, and were served before my sister and I... and no acknowledgement of the wait. While we waited, I did enjoy looking at all the cool decor from the past, though I think the whole place could be a little bit cleaner.
I met a friend for lunch and she took us to MacAlpine's as she lives in the neighborhood just behind it. When you first walk in, it smells like your Grandma's closet as the diner sits between two sides of their vintage/antique wares. But for those of us that like vintage junk/treasures, it was a neat atmosphere. It's like finding a little gold mine somewhere you don't expect it. 

"I LOVE HER HAIR" was the first thing I said as we entered the diner. The waitresses looked super cute in their outfits and pinup style hair. I didn't get her name but one had beautiful black hair with the biggest victory rolls and it looks amazing. So at this point, I'm already pleased. The food probably could have been bad, and I would have still liked the place. 

We were passed the drinks/sodas/shakes/malt menu and it was extensive. As a Scentsy rep, my friend was like...."It's just like Scentsy, so many to choose from!" I decided on a blackberry shake as I use to get them as a girl back home in Washington. It was YUMMY!  We both ordered the Pastrami Reuben for lunch on sourdough rather than rye and had the potato salad as a side. The potato salad was divine. Great flavor, consistency, and appeal. The sandwich was good too. Nothing super fabulous but a good standard Reuben.

We chatted, admired the stuff all over the walls, and strolled around the store afterwards looking at stuff. 

I throughly enjoyed my trip to MacAlpine's and will be going back with my daughter to try the dill pickle shake as she's obsessed with pickles!
Fantastic selection of sodas! I highly recommend the red velvet cupcake flavor as an ice cream float! The food is mediocre, but the family that owns the shop are very nice and offer great service.
Read about it in some Phoenix guidebook, it is one of a kind place that is for sure. Place is located between two antic furniture stores so when you walk in you have furniture all around and then you walk into an old cafe. Witnesses are dressed the part since the placed opened in 1928 and look super cute, everyone is very friendly. I ordered beautiful green pistachio shake that was out of this world. Cool place to visit.
This offers such a nice selection of fountain drinks.  The counter servers really dress the part.  Neat place.
I've been driving past this intriguing little place for years now, and finally stopped in to satisfy my curiosity. I had been warned by a friend that it was not worth going for lunch, as the food wasn't very good, but I was craving a hamburger and in the area, so to MacAlpine's I went.
Once I figured out which door granted entrance to the diner (seriously, it took three tries),  I was greeted by some awfully pretty and very in-character waitresses. They were all dolled up, '50s style and had that sweetie-pie personality down pat. I admitted I wasn't too familiar with places that offer so many soda options and asked for a recommendation. The server gladly offered her favorites, and I went with her suggestion, a cherry cheesecake soda. It was fantastic.
I looked over the menu and was immediately disappointed, why is a turkey burger featured above the all-American diner staple, the cheeseburger?! And no fries? I briefly considered the chili dog but that too was made with turkey ... what kind of throw back retro diner was this?? Damn. I got the cheeseburger and potato chips, which came out pretty quick and the burger was hot as all get out, fresh off the skillet ... definitely not a grill and that was just about the worst patty I've paid for in my life. Dry, flavorless, terrible. Well, I had been warned and can't exactly complain.
Seeing as I'm not a soda drinker and wasn't a fan of the food, I won't be back. But the atmosphere and food quality would suit children well, and I saw several come and go, usually with their grandparents.
In town visiting for another week, and back to MacAlpine's I go! There are several more restaurants or cafes in the area that are good places to go, but MacAlpine's is the one that will keep bringing me back over and over. It's certainly a real taste of nostalgia. In addition to the great food, the real draw is the atmosphere and ambience that you immediately get when you walk in the door. The old soda fountain (in working order), all of the retro furniture, antiques, vintage clothing, and friendly waitresses who dress the part. It's worth the trip if you want to step back in time, take it easy, and enjoy a bit of the past!
Fun time, the food was much better than the last time I was there which was 15 years ago.  It is Diner type of food, authentic atmosphere, genuine in the sense that it is preserving some history.
Truly a historic place in the Coronado area. :)

Love, love, love this place!! Have been going here since I was a kid and every time I fall back in love with their food and vintage setting. The food is hands down delicious. The burgers are good, they perfectly melt in your mouth. Their club sandwich is huge and always fresh. Any kind of their malts, ice cream, soda fountain drinks, italian sodas are all made to perfection and with the variety of flavors that they have it's crazy how right on they are with the flavor. With my food I always order the potato salad. I'm very picky with my potato salad, but I can say that I've stopped by JUST to have a bowl of potato salad (more than once probably). 

Other than the great food you can explore their cute little store on both sides of the building. You'll always find something that you can't just live without. I think it's the whole "vintage" thing, but who knows? 

The girls are always dressed up in their cute attire and play the part very well, very impressive :) Thank you MacAlpine's for being located down the street from me, and playing a huge part of my childhood life. :)))
If you want an authentic old fashioned ice cream soda fountain, you found it.  Any ice cream item is worth trying, the food is pretty good but can't compare to the outstanding sundaes and sodas.

It's also a nice touch to see the servers dress up in authentic 30s and 40s attire.
Historic, yes. Worth the visit, no.

Problem 1: Hosting a political event without warning during the Saturday lunch hour.  No signs on the outside, no warning until we're in and heading for the table, and we realize, "There's a guy, stumping for Mayor of Phoenix, and he's going to just talk the entire lunch hour."  So this means we can either enjoy conversation with our friends or we can sit and eat quietly while an unelected politician tells us why we shouldn't trust elected politicians.

Problem 2: Very dry chicken.  Seriously, I think they stuck a frozen Wal-Mart chicken breast in the microwave and nuked it for 8 minutes or something.  How hard is it to make a chicken sandwich taste good?  So now I get to try to choke down dry chicken and terrible political speeches at the same time.

Problem 3:  The candidate finally quits talking.  Then he takes a photo standing between the waitresses and says, "It's like beauty on the outside, and beast on the inside."  No one laughs.  But then the owner comes up to our table as we're finally getting the chance to talk to each other, and she spends another 15 minutes telling us why we should vote for a certain party and why she wants to move into Phoenix from her home in Fountain Hills.  My favorite line: "We need to make it harder for folks to drive so that they start using public transportation."  But of course, she's not using the light rail on her way in from Fountain Hills.  She just wants the people off her streets when she's trying to drive in and out of the city.

The only good thing about the whole trip--apart from our friends, who are awesome--was that the waitresses were professional and competent.  They earned a good tip and they treated us well.
This diner, established in 1928, claims to be one of the oldest in Phoenix so it was our first stop upon arrival.  For two Londoners in America this diner was EXACTLY what we wanted from our American road trip.

The waitresses looked great with their vintage uniforms and cool hairstyles, and they were so friendly and helpful.  There was a lovely relaxed vibe, an old-style jukebox, a soda fountain from which you could have any number of tasty concoctions, and great menu selection.  There's even a little vintage shop tacked onto the side which you have to pass through to use the rest rooms...I loved it!

This place is perfect for tourists although we did meet a couple of friendly locals keen to hear about our road trip so far, and at least you know you're getting the real-deal in an original diner rather than a tacky imitation or chain restaurant.
It was daddy and daughter day. So I decided to bring her here since she loves cheeseburgers! We both had a cheeseburger w/potato salad. NOTE: They do not serve fries!!!! Service is a little slow, but we received our order very fast. We both enjoyed our burgers very much! Very juicy, and cooked perfect! I really liked the potato salad, the daughter is very hard to please! She liked the potato's but she had to pick through the rest of the ingredients! She was ecstatic about being able to create her own shake! She ordered a banana and cheesecake shake, she usually only eat part of it and give the rest away! I was lucky enough to at least try it before she consumed the whole thing!!! Very tasty! I had their fresh lemonade, this was probably the best lemonade I have ever had!!! We really enjoyed this place and definitely will bring mama here.
Here's a sample experience at MacAlpines:

Wow! A real, old fashioned soda parlor! Whoa, look at all this vintage stuff! Hey, check out the menu! Oh hell yeah I love this kind of candy, I haven't seen this in forever! Oh maaan 99 flavors of soda what the whaaat! 

Mmm.. pina colada soda, wait, the butter pecan is even better! No, taste the margarita! Wait, they're refillable! AHHH!!!! VANILLA COKE! BUBBLEGUM! MORE BUTTER PECAN! HEY THERE'S CHOCOLATE! GIVE ME AN IRISH CREAM FLAVOR! PUT CARAMEL IN IT! ANOTHER CARAMEL, THIS TIME WITH CHOCOLATE! WE HAVEN'T EVEN TRIED THE ICE CREAM, WE NEED THIS ONE WITH ICE CREAM IN IT. MORE ICE CREAM YUM THRIFTY ICE CREAM!!!!!!!

Holy shiznit, that soda.... 'twas nothing but awesome... I don't feel so good.

*passes out in the car*

Arrives home.

*passes out for fifteen hours*

Awakens with a hangover more vicious than the Thursday following Wine Wednesdays at ASU. Remembers MacAlpines fondly while taking 3 Ibuprofen. Goes back to sleep.
Some places are old because they are cool. MacAlpine's is cool because it is old.

It smells like your Grandmother's house (some people find this endearing. Really? Musty is chic now?). Food is extra medium. We went with a group of a dozen (none of whom had been there) and no one raved about their entree.

I'm docking a star for having a broken air conditioner (during the hottest week in Phoenix August history) --- our shakes & ice creams went melty fast. Also... they close at 7. Just because it smells like my Grandmother's house doesn't mean it should go to bed when she does.

Stars for great service, lots of things to look at and a bajillion choices of Italian sodas. Plus it's old. 1928 in Phoenix is like 1700 in Boston.

Worth a visit to say you have been there... and if you want a soda fountain, a Coronado alternative to the Sugar Bowl.
MacAlpine's Soda Fountain is all right be me....

It's a cool place to meet up with some friends for an ice cream treat, soda or float.  The food is OK, not great but not bad either.  The service can be a hit and miss depending on who you get as a server and when you go.  The ice cream and soda treats are fantastic!  The ambiance ~ the soda bar is cool and there are two side rooms full of antiques that are for sale everywhere.  

I've had their Reuben which was A-OK and on my last trip I sampled their burger and chips with chocolate shank which was shank-a-licious!!   My burger was cooked well, but nothing fancy.  I also had a small salad which was nice but not memorable.  My shake was really good and left an indelible impression on my taste buds. 

Side note: "Give the dude out front holding the sign "We are open for Lunch" a break and let him come inside where it's a little cooler.  Use a curbside sign instead.

If you're a germ-o-phobe, like me that doesn't like dirty old things hanging everywhere especially where you are eating, you need to get past that and give MacAlpine's Soda Fountain a try.
I had an excellent ice cream soda and a great sandwich for lunch. The decor/seating was excellent. I felt like i went back in time just walking in. The food and staff were tops! Highly recommended!
I think the 83 reviewers ahead of me did a more than adequate job of profiling the food experience you get at this old-fashioned soda fountain.  

What many patrons do not know is that the owners purchased this business shortly before 9/11 and were advised by friends to unload it because it did not have potential for an ROI.

They ignored the advice, poured their heart and soul into it, and are a huge reason why there are 83 reviews sitting here for your perusal.  Their fortitude is a gift for which Phoenix should be grateful.

These guys absolutely knocked themselves out for our event!  And it didn't matter that it was August and the A/C was not made to accommodate the crowd we brought in.  People stayed, ate, shopped the vintage store, and had a great time.

I still have the candy cigarettes Monica gave me as a party favor, and I smile every time they catch my eye on the kitchen counter.  She epitomizes the mantra, "Do what you love, love what you do,"  You can't help but enjoy a visit into the local time machine AKA MacAlpine's Soda Fountain.
MacAlpines is very interesting, a restaurant, thrift store and an antique shop rolled into one.  The service is very friendly, all the waitresses are in 1950's outfits like you would expect.  The food on the other hand is horrible!!  I got a ruben sandwich, it was pretty dull and flavorless.  I also got a side hawaiian salad, which was also flavorless.  My girlfriend got a veggy burger, which seriously tasted like saw dust.  It was so gross, I felt bad for her because I had suggested this place to eat at.  We should have order a malt or some kind of soda drink, because I think thats what this place is known for.  But we were just getting a quick bite to eat before we headed to the film bar.  At the end of the meal they gave us the wrong check, which we corrected.  Well, overall the service was pretty good, but the food was so terrible that I gave this review 2/5 stars.  I'll probably try this place again just to have a coke float or a malt, but I'm staying away from the food.
Being an Old School Detective, I have no choice but to go to MacAlpines to eat.

It is like stepping into the TARDIS and going back in time!

Great Coffee, Food, Soda Jerk (who is not really one) and outstanding waitresses!
What a neat place reminds me of the old fashioned soda fountain that I vaguely remember as a kid growing up in NJ. The food and ice cream is great!
This place is great! I took the kids here after a day at the Phoenix Children's Museum and got some ice cream. My son had a Coke float, daughter had a scopp of ice cream and I had a hot fudge sundae. Holly hell, that hot fudge sundae was as big as my head! And I loved EVERY bit of it. You walk through an antique room to get to the restaurant and then there is a vintage/antique store  connected on the other side, too. After the ice cream, we wandered around and looked at all of the cool stuff for it. Unfortunately, my four year old is like an elephant in a china store, so I couldn't exactly relax. 

The next day, I came back and picked up some reasonably priced vintage/thrift store dresses around $20 a piece. The black dress was perfect for a 20's party I attended and the second dress was a long sleeved, low cut, long red dress with yellow flowers that I am wearing today for a Halloween party. 

Ice cream and antiques are the way to spend the day!
I visited MacAlpine's today with my boyfriend and it was a really great experience.
I got the hot pastrami sandwich with potato salad and a cherry lime egg creme. SO! GOOD! He got the chef's special: a bratwurst with sauerkraut and provalone on a toasted bun, and a tiger's blood phosphate--I took a sip of the phosphate and it was so intense and delicious. 
We were both really full when we were done and the total for each of us came out to about ten dollars. 
The servers were great, but disorganized. 
We looked around the antique shop afterward and I bought a skirt for six dollars on sale. There is so much great stuff there--I wanted to take home every couch! And there are awesome time pieces in the two areas full of clothes. 
I'm going to tell everyone I know about this place!
this place was so cute and I was really excited to try it...the old fashioned sodas were great...the food was good, too...but the service was HORRIBLE. ..big fat bummer
I took my daughter here for a late lunch. Service was great through the whole dining experience and the place is decorated in 1950's style.

I had the hot dog with cheese and chips for $5.50, my daughter had the cheeseburger and chips for $6.95. Both were average, nothing that would make me want to go back for these particular items. The soda options were spectacular, I had black cherry & cream soda, both were heaven. I get the vibe that this place is best for ice cream type treats and specialty sodas, there were more than 100 different flavors to choose from. 

Since this place is right down the street I may return, also there are antiques inside to take a look at before or after you eat.
Love it here! Family favorite, we always meet here and bring people when they are visiting from out of town.  Mercedes was so sweet and such a great waitress to have. The other girls were cute too!
Very cozy little place. Good service and fairly good food for a good price. And you get to shop Vintage clothing afterwards! My Mom adores this place, I take her here on Sundays for lunch sometimes, it always makes her day. :) Which makes mine!
This place is fun to walk into, as it really looks like you're walking into a Depression era drugstore, not the 50's. It's crammed with old pharmacy stuff and signs, just lots to look at.
I really wanted to love this place but I can't because the service just isn't what it should be. We were helped by two of the staff during our visit, one very friendly waitress who breezed by and said hello  and a waiter who couldn't have appeared more miserable.  
I was surprised at how small and, hate to say it, dull, the menu is. Burgers, hot dogs and cold sandwiches. The burgers are from frozen patties and I actually had to pull a big chunk of cartilage out of my mouth. Yuck.
They use Thrifty brand ice cream and have an extensive menu of ice cream sodas made with unusual flavors. We ordered our sundaes and for some reason, they were made one at a time, so that my companion was halfway through with his before mine was delivered, and it was completely wrong. Wrong ice cream, wrong topping. But it took so long to get that I just ate it. I'm not going to complain too bitterly over ice cream. And I hope this place works out its kinks and does well.
OK: call me 'weird' here: but; I liked the funky (very) Old School ambiance of MacAlpines when my fiance and I went there this past Sunday for the Studebaker and friends car show.

Admittedly; I was there once before ca. 1999 and was NOT impressed but things have def improved IMHO.

I had a Club sandwich and it was one of the best ones I've ever had, at least in recent years. Would eat one again. The chocolate milk shake was OK but could have used a tad more syrup but, I'd have one again.
I was eager to give this place a try and headed on out on my day off.

I was sure that there was going to be more on my plate when I ordered the Ruben Pastrami sandwich.  It was rather small....boo....I don't like potato salad or coleslaw, macaroni salad or stuff like that but I also don't like potato chips!  I was disappointed there was no fries. I ordered the Cole Slaw since I don't hate it *as much* as potato salad.  Well, hmm...it was OK.

I had the cherry lime egg creme. It was OK too...I'm used to it with ice in it though.

The Chocolate malt was...lacking malt.

The good side of all this was the antiques!  Wow, what a great cute place for antiques! A little over priced but fund just the same.

I'll go back but only to look at the antiques and maybe try some different sodas.
Cute little vintage boutique and retro soda fountain/dining.    The place is kind of curiously arranged, with a vintage store consuming several store fronts and the dining in the middle... so that I had to walk thru the dining area to reach different sections of the shopping.  But that helps to keep this place really laid back and casual.

At the soda bar, I saw several families just hanging out at the counter and sharing a sundae.  It looks to be the perfect local hangout spot. The vintage store is pretty popular as well--with usual mix of curiosity seekers and treasures hunters.   I personally didn't find anything that I would want to take home, but it was nice browsing nonetheless.  I definitely plan to visit again and bring the kids!
Went back to MacAlpines last week to give it another try.  The service was pretty good, the waitresses are very attentive to their guest.  I got a chili burger and my girl got a grilled cheese, which were both ok.  I still wasn't crazy about the food, but both of us couldn't stop talking about how amazing the shakes were.  I am lactose intolerant and shouldn't have dairy at all, but I decided to give one of their shakes a try.  I do have to say, it was definitely worth the stomach ache that I got afterwards.  If I were rating just the shakes in this review it would be 5/5.  Will be back to MacAlphines to have have one of their creative shakes.
Great atmosphere and delicious food! The chocolate shakes are great and the sandwiches are refreshing. Definitely a lunch spot to remember :)
My family and I decided to try MacAlpine's out the night of my birthday. I had a groupon and had heard some really great things from several different friends. I wasn't disappointed with the atmosphere of the place. Quaint, clean and tastefully covered in antiques and collectibles, it takes you back to a slower, simpler time. I loved the fact that you could purchase most of the charming pieces and for what seemed like a really decent price!

Now about the food. It was alright, but everything tasted fairly bland. (Maybe just an off night. I don't know.) I tried the potato salad that people on yelp rave about and didn't think it was anything to die for. Your only choices are a few sandwiches, hot dogs and a burger which I felt we might have appreciated more for a light lunch than for dinner.

The dessert was yummy and HUGE and since it was a birthday occasion, it was free! We ordered a two scoop sundae that was more than enough for two people. Their soda menu is really impressive and not for the faint of heart. They have lots of yummy combos if you like sodas and ice cream together. I've never been a fan of mixing these things (they are perfectly wonderful all by themselves!) but seriously, if you enjoy floats, this is the place for you!

Customer service, ambiance and dessert were all pretty good, earning this sweet historic gem 3 stars.
After hearing about this place for a few years I was really excited to finally try it out.  Unfortunately I was very disappointed with the quality of the food.  

I had the bacon cheeseburger I know I know you are thinking how can you mess up a cheeseburger especially one with bacon on it.  I was thinking the same thing, but the patty was frozen and lacking any flavor of juiciness.  A burger is supposed to be juicy and full of flavor due to the fat melting into the meat.  This was a greyish color flavorless disc of supposed beef.  

The only reason I gave two stars is the ice cream soda I had was good.  I had the pineapple upside down cake and I would actually go back just for that.  It's just hard to go back to a restaurant when all you want is a drink.
The young man behind the ice cream counter knows what he's doing. Red Velvet Shake! They literally have dozens of flavors and ways to serve creamy treats, Ice cream, Sodas, Egg Creams, Malts, Shakes, Sundaes, you name it, each with endless flavors and possibility. And best of all....they have thrifty's ice cream. I come from California, where this was my favorite Ice Cream...couldn't find it any where here....well MacAlpine's has it. Please go!
This is a super cute restaurant with a simple yet delicious menu. They stick to basics which I love. They also have a vintage items that you can admire and purchase. Its a great place if you want a quick, simple, cheap yet delicious meal. Their shakes are amazing as well as their potato salad. YUM! If you are in the area, check it our for sure!
The only reason I would give this place a 1 star rating is due to their amazing soda and float selection. The food was absolutely disgusting. I never complain about food and I've definitely never sent food back, until tonight. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and was shocked to see that fries aren't even offered as a side. I took one bite of the burger and found bone fragments in the frozen beef. My sister also sent back her bean/veggie burger. It looked equally disgusting. It will take a lot of convincing to get me to go back.
Took my Godchild and had a blast. The servers were cheerful, delightful and gave great suggestions and surprised us with various concoctions of fountain drinks that were delicious. We had the Macburger and hot pastrami sandwiched. We had such a good time after our school tour we returned for ice cream soda's. Breakfast at Tiffany's and Casablanca were scrumptious . Go eat and shop for vintage clothes and jewelry.  Had no idea this quaint gem was so close to my office.
I loved the ambiance of this place.  I thought it was just a soda fountain shop but also a vintage shop.  They kept everything classic looking as if you were in a true old American soda fountain shop.  My sundae was delicious!
This was my third time and probably last . The service was terrible. No particular server assigned so therefore no one to check on us. Our dirty dishes from lunch were still on the table when ice cream soda dessert arrived. 

I guess management did not anticipate being busy the Sunday during memorial weekend.
Checked this out for the first time with my boyfriend on Father's day. Waitresses were super cute and friendly. Ordered an Ice Cream Soda with Butterscotch soda and pecan praline icecream. It was sooo good! Had the reuben sandwich was also really good. Not a fan of their potato salad or cole slaw, kind of bland. This place is a real treat and loved the decor.
So this place is not a great place to take your kids for some ice cream .  I give the Ice cream four stars because its wonderful. The service gets three stars... not so great.  The food gets two stars...stay away from the turkey burger the meats gray and has no taste.  The daily special is your best bet if you are really hungry and cant wait to go someplace better.  The decor is nice and authentic for its time but I don't understand why it has an antique shop attached to it.  There isn't even a door separating the restaurant from a huge amount of vintage clothing.  Vintage cloths and kids with sticky fingers don't mix.  Of course my son wanted to look at all the vintage stuff and when he tried on an old hat (with my permission) an older woman(maybe the owner) yelled at him and told him " the vintage cloths are not for dress up".  I was going to buy the hat for him because I could tell that  he really liked it but if he cant even try it on I don't see the point.  We left the so called Ice Cream shop/Goodwill disappointed and a little angry that we had spent so much over $100 on food and ice cream for the family.  Even though this is an ice cream shop I wouldn't take your kids.
You can't beat the atmosphere at this place. I bought a google offer for here a while ago and stopped in on a Sunday afternoon. There were some people inside but it wasn't too crowded. I started in the antique shop wandering around and then made it into the restaurant. I had an ice-cream soda and it was divine. Next time I'd probably split one as the drinks are large. I didn't eat anything but the food looked yummy. I also wandered to the vintage shop next door. It was fun looking around and reminscing.
Great experience! I got "The Brady Bunch" it was really sweet but it tasted very good. I also had the homemade Black Bean Veggie Burger. It was very good too.
MacAlpine's is a staple of old Phoenix. Dating back to the30's, this soda shop serviced customers of the valley since 7st was a dirt road off the beaten path. They do a great job retaining the atmosphere of an age gone by, sandwiched on both sides by antique and vintage stores. There's plenty to look at. Unfortunately I can't say the burgers (turkey or cow) were very good. Not bad, just bland and uninspired. The sodas are fun. On my first visit I tried 2 of the 99 options, including Marilyn Monroe (peach) and Tiger Blood (cherry coconut). Both were good, but next time I'm going to ask for way less syrup. All in all I'd say I would come back again and again, but probably just for dessert.
I just went to MacAlpine's for the first time and am already looking for a reason to return. I love that it's attached to a vintage store (can't wait to check that out further). I love that the employees dress and do their hair to match the old school decor. The soda list is impressive, although I opted for a traditional root beer float (oldie but a goodie), and was very happy with their classic take on it. My friend ordered a chocolate soda and black cherry ice cream float, which she loved. 

The food menu is simple, but I'm okay with that because obviously the shining star of MacAlpine's is their dessert lists. 

Be mindful of what time you go, they close up shop pretty early during the week.
A friend recommended this place so I brought my 4 year old son with me.  Very good.  We each had a chocolate milkshake.  Not earth-shattering spectacular, but still very good.  The place is unique so that helps.  They use Thrifty brand ice cream, which I love.
This is an odd little spot but interesting. Also their food is good.
Very tasty sandwhiches but don't expect any fries. Theres no deep fryer, so they have chips and better than that they have potato salad. 
Great place to eat at.
After hearing numerous things about MacAlpine's from friends and other Yelpers, my boyfriend and I decided to pop in.

We both ordered the Toasted Cheese Sandwich (grilled cheese w/ 3 types of cheese) and I was really disappointed with it. Mostly because I was expecting fries as a side and they don't serve them but also because the cheese was not the least bit melted. When I bit into my sandwich I expected strands of hot, gooey cheese to stretch in front of my face but instead I opened up my sandwich to find 3 slices of cheese barely stuck together and still in perfect squares. Buuuut I'm not really one to complain. I ate what I could and asked myself what I really expected. After all, it's only a grilled cheese. And that's not what MacAlpine's is known for...

They're known for their sodas. Which are everything they're made out to be. After much deliberation,  I ordered the Nutty Professor Ice Cream soda (Pistachio ice cream w/ Amaretto soda) and it was delicious! I'll definitely be back to try the Red Velvet Soda. And maybe the Parisian ice cream soda. Or maybe just the entire dessert menu.

Perhaps my favorite part of our visit was the thrift/antique store. They have an amazing selection of treasures. I spent $50 on old photos for my assemblage art and wished I had won the lottery so I could afford all the vintage cameras, shoes, toys, and lamps. Definitely a little pricey in some areas but justly so. The owner doesn't mess around when selecting pieces for the shop.
The best ice cream establishment any of our family has ever been to.  All of the floats are incredibly good.  You never run out of soda.  Nothing compares.  Plus they have very cool antiques to check out while your waiting.  I will be back soon.  Very cool to find a place like this one in AZ!
Mouth is watering just thinking about this place!!

The boyfriend and I FINALLY decided to try it out after passing it for almost a year. I loved how they kept it true and retro. Very cute inside. The service was very poor. Our waitress was sitting up at the soda bar eating when we walked in, then sat us down, handed us menus, didn't greet us and told us to just ask if we have questions to ask the table behind us since they apparently had a lot that she had answered before we arrived. Most awkward intro ever. We did have a lot, since it was our first time there and we didn't know how the menu worked. We ended up ordering a butterscotch-cookie dough ice cream soda and a fudge sundae with pistachio and vanilla ice cream, topped with whipped cream and nuts. OMG it was soooo yummy!! Biggest sundae I had ever been served! And you can bet I ate that entire thing!  When we got our bill we couldn't believe how cheap it was for all that amazingness! We can forgive the customer service because that's not the main reason we went there in the first place.
A/C wasn't working too great last time I went so it was a bit hot considering it was the triple digits mid-summer Phoenix. I only had their Nutty Professor pistachio soda ice cream to cool off as it was too hot for me to feel like eating but its a great place to explore with the vintage shop in the next room and over all great service.
Floats = Amazing here! The ice cream is fabulous. The service was pretty decent. 

But, I can't recommend the food and feel great about it. Only two things we ordered were good: the tuna salad and the potato salad. The kids burger was very unappetizing and the chili left something to be desired - although gets points for at least not being out of a can. 

I know it's going for an authentic old-time appeal - but it's dark, dirty and kinda icky feeling. I think that the place has tons of potential to be an it spot if the menu was smaller, with better food and the inside was thoroughly  cleaned and updated a bit, with better lighting, a better paint job, etc.

Definitely we'll be back for the great soda + ice cream.
This place definitely puts you back in the 40s & 50s.  It's your small soda ice cream shop that also services some pretty decent sandwiches.

Ive been here a few times for birthday friend events and they definitely know how to take care of you.  The staff is helpful and will go out of their way to make sure you are happy.

They specialize in their many flavors of soda.. and by many, I mean probably 150 plus.  if you dont know what you like, they will recommend a nice variety of popular drinks.  Their desserts are also popular and can easily be shared.  So be careful!

the only thing I wasn't a fan of is that they do not have a frier, so there are no fried foods like fries.  The dining part feels like it's run with a swamp cooler, so be prepared to sweat just a little if there are a bunch of people there.  They do have about 20 fans blowing all over to keep you cool.

On both sides of the restaraunt they have some pretty cool antique shops with prices that are pretty decent.  I highly recommend checking it out.
I can't speak for the food, but this is a wonderful place for an old-fashioned frozen treat...that means no bacon involved.  Well truthfully, they have so many ice cream soda flavors, there might be a bacon one.  But you won't find it in the Thrifty ice cream!  You'll take a step back in time once you walk through the doors.

Floats, shakes, sundaes, malts, sodas, egg creams, and phosphates.  They're all here.  I don't even know what an egg cream is, but I would guess I would like it.  The cherry phosphate was also a first for me.  I'm still not sure what to think of it.  Kind of medicinal at first, but the more you drink, the more you like it.  The vanilla malt was vanilla-ey and malty.  What else can you say?
Love this spot, the BLT and potato salad are to die for! Shakes, malts italian sodas are amazing too. Seems like there is a lot of staff turnover (or maybe they just have a lot of staff), they are usually good but some of them are lacking in customer service skills. The owners are great though, always on site and friendly :)
Don't go for the food.  But my husband disagrees.  GO FOR THE AMAZING ICE CREAMS AND SODAS. He does agree with that!
 it even smells antiquey in there.
I had a cheese burger here last night. The patty tasted as if it had been heated more than once and possibly had a visit with the microwave, no flavor and chewy.  The service was great and the food came out fast (yay, for microwaves!) but I will never return.
This was a fantastic time the frist time. The main course was just okay, but the ice cream and soda was fantastic and made up for the meal. The second time was a bummer. It was crowed and with little working staff things did not get done. If you go just make sure it is not crowded and order as many soda's as you can.
So, I'm speaking of the vintage store attached to the soda fountain area.  I've been shopping for a vintage wedding dress. I was referred here from another vintage store (Mistys). I didnt even know they had a vintage clothing store in back!  I went in thinking I would just turn around and leave. However, I was lead to a back room where they had a few wedding dresses on a rack. I started looking through them and came across the most beautiful ivory, lace bodice with a tule ballroom gown dotted with lace daisies and a detachable LONG daisy adorned tule train.  With a few updates and some modification this dress is the most beautiful dress I have ever seen. I said YES tho the dress at MacAlpines!!!!!  Who would of ever thought I would find my dress here? The girls at the soda fountain were so helpful and super fun! They then proceeded to make me a wedding cake soda! SO GOOD!!! It was the best and most fun unexpected wedding dress buying experience I could've ever hoped for. This is a memory that will last forever....thank you girls!!! You are the best!!! I will send you a wedding picture for sure!
For a spark of nostalgia and a sweet treat, this is a wonderful destination.  From the pink sodashop dresses and bright red lipstick of the wait staff, to the old jukebox, half a century old coke advertisements, blenders from the 60s that are still making your malts and shakes today, to the vintage booths and trinkets that line the walls of this shop it is a virtual museum of soda shop days.

There are 99 flavors for your cream sodas, italian sodas, shakes, phosphates (phosphoric acid is included to give a flat sour taste) as well as egg creams (milk, choc syrup, and soda water).  The flavors range from bubble gum and marshmallow to pickle and hurricane.  Mac's also has its own signature concoctions.

Sundaes and banana splits are also on the menu, and for an average of $5 it is definitely worth it.  I just would not recommend coming here to eat.

The food is unremarkable and lacks the kind of flavor and texture that would make it memorable.

For hot summer days, date nights, and sweet rewards, a little venture through time, definitely worth a visit.
I enjoy being at MacAlpine's.  This really isn't something I can say for most restaurants in Phoenix.  I like to linger and hang out due to the charming, lived-in atmosphere, the forgotten Andrews Sisters hits on the stereo, and the people-watching.

This is a place where you (I) go for certain things only.  I'm not a huge fan of the food because it's not my style.  It's the kind of stuff my grandmother fixed for lunch on summer vacations.  Plain, old fashioned fare.  If you are nostalgic for white bread and mayo, then get to MacAlpine's NOW.  That said, I have had some good sandwiches there, and I like a place that doesn't serve unnecessarily gigantic portions of food.

The service is always very friendly and pleasant, and they have some good stuff in the two antiques shops on either side of the restaurant.  

Here is what I want from MacAlpine's:  Get a website! Oh my god!  (& when you do, put your menu on it)  And secondly, I'm pretty sure they don't serve espresso drinks right now, despite the fact that I believe I have noticed an espresso machine behind the counter.  If I'm right about that, I should be proven wrong post haste.  I would really like to be able to get lattes at MacAlpine's, because I'm just not a malt, phosphate or egg cream kind of lady.
I haven't been to a soda shop like this since I was a kid in the 1970's.  The atmosphere is a throw-back to the 1930's or 40's, and it was, indeed, a great pleasure to sit in the ambiance, view all the eclectic antiques/nostalgia both in the restaurant and its attached stores, and have a wistful memory of the "old days."  The waitstaff was quick, well-versed in the menu, and very helpful and pleasant.  Having read all the reviews of the food, we ate before we arrived, desiring only ice cream.  Boy, they have a selection.  I mean items I haven't seen in 40 years.  My wife and I each ordered 2-scoop sundaes, figuring that one scoop would not be enough.  When a concoction as tall as my arm is long ended up on the table, I immediately remembered how it was "back in the day" when people actually gave you a hefty helping, rather than skimped/chinced on portion size.  The Rocky Road was the best I've ever had.  This sundae was the "real deal," packed with toppings, whipped cream, sauce, etc.  Here, they make them like they "used to" and boy was that a pleasant surprise.  Truly a great and delicious experience.  I'll be back for more ice cream items.  Can't believe how much treat you get for your $ !!!
Macaplines.. Go here for nostalgia, and a swell soda, float, or sundae. *Don't* go here for food. I've been to this place several times, I really enjoy the deserts and sodas. I've ordered food here a few times, and it just tastes so blah. I would really love it if they bought local and had more "live" food options. Everything just tastes "dead" and flavor less. The tomatoes and other veggies that I had were green and as tasteless as anything I'd get at a fast food joint. There are *very* limited vegetarian options, and maybe 1? vegan option.

They have a neat shop for clothing, jewlery, furniture, and bric a brac from days gone by. Sometimes I just stop by the shop.
Quirky atmosphere, super friendly and cheerful staff, AMAZING prices, and my very first soda phosphate experience. Been here a few times and excited to take friends soon. Just a really great, casual experience. The food is not outstanding, but everything else MORE than makes up for it. Definitely a must-try! It's just a great place to linger and browse, which seems weird for a restaurant, but it's enjoyable.
NOTE: Only reviewed the soda fountain, not the food (but I wouldn't come here for the food anyways!)

I'm sad to say I found this place too late during my time in AZ. I LOVE this place! The soda combinations are amazing. I've tried the phosphates, egg-creams, malts, etc. My favorite soda/ice cream combos were the casablanca and the scarlett o'hara, but its mostly because they reminded me of sherbet ... yum :)

I've heard the food is horrible so I wouldn't touch it considering the many other great eateries in the area. The only flaw I have found with this place is the hours of operation...they close really early which is horrible when the late night sweet tooth hit.  Great place to go on a hot day or on the weekends...especially if you like soda.
I love this place I went here with a living social. I love old fashion feel places. This is def a phx jem! I had a fancy soda and ice cream basically a amazing soda cream drink that tasted like a pie! I love their uniforms here too reminded me of a serendipity :)
This is the best soda fountain I've ever had, AND I must say your boutique is to die for.  Every meal, every shake, every salad, are wonderful, AND your staff, the family, are warm and friendly, and have made me feel at home.
This place is quite the combo- vintage store, soda shop, cafe and candy store! I felt like I walked onto the set of I Love Lucy! The store portion had all kinds of goodies ranging from retro furniture that was sitting in your grandparents house to old school clothes, hats, barbies, dishes... ALL kinds of knick knacks!! 

We ate lunch here and that is the only reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars. I had the Mac Cheeseburger and it was OK... nothing special. The hawaiian cole slaw was ehhh too, a little dry for my taste. They had probably over 100 different "sodas" I ordered the hubba bubba soda which was flavored soda (or syrup) with strawberry ice cream. I wish I had ordered a regular flavored soda like a good old fashioned Cherry Coke! This place was awesome! It had such a fun retro vibe!
I love this place! (for the dessert, not the food; didn't try the food based on reviews) I'll be honest --we came because we saw they had a Butterbeer icecream float and we are huge Harry Potter nerds. But we ended up liking other stuff on the menu too. Where else can you get a huge icecream float with whipped cream and a cherry on top for $3.75? My friends and I each ordered a different float from their specialty menu (we were not adventurous enough to make up our own combo) and we each loved what we ordered. I would've drank all of mine if it hadn't been so huge. 

I also love the strange kitschy inside that's kind of dusty and vintage and odd. The sad part was the jukebox at our table was broken. Next time I'll play a song for sure!

Only gripe is that it closes at 8. Don't they know most people want dessert between the hours of 8-10 pm??
Adorable.
Really, so cute.
The wait staff does their best to pull off the retro vibe, red lips and high ponytails.  The soda counter is covered in flavored syrups, any flavor you could dream of they have.
Came in to split a banana split with my hubby, I know right?  Gross. This place does that to you though.  It all whip cream and cherries and "isn't that bobby so cute".
The split was good, the price was fair, and it was a fun little time traveling experience.
My BFF has been trying to get me to go here for about a year now.

This place is a bit overwhelming. Part soda shoppe, part thrift store, part mini diner.

The thrift store portions have some great stuff. A great vintage fashion section, LOTS of records (your parents remember those, kids), and some great jewelry.

The mini diner area has, what I believe is all the original booths and counter. The booths are kind of small, and though they all have jukeboxes on them, they all seemed to be out of order while we were here.

They serve very simple diner food (hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, grilled cheese, etc), but their real specialty is their sodas and ice cream floats. There is a pretty large selection of sodas to choose from. We all went for the "suggested" combinations. I cant remember what mine was called, but it was red white and blue. Strawberry and vanilla ice cream in blueberry soda. So good. Warning: within 3 seconds of my 1st sip my entire mouth was blue. And it only got blue-er (and spread to my lips) with every sip. 

Id gladly brave the blue lips again for that delicious little step back in time.
THE SODAS ARE AWESOME!!! But not the Mac Chili Burger. Not tasty at all. Nope. But the sodas are great and ice cream is great. Thrifty brand if you are familiar with that brand (Rite-Aid). I had the "Rhett Butler," chocolate soda with Chocolate Malt Krunch ice cream. Yum!

Really, the "Mac Chili Burger" left a LOT to be desired. The meat was dry and tough, the "Hawaiian Cole Slaw" was rather tasteless. The "chili" was made out of black beans. I like black beans. Not these. This was no chili. It was a very dry chili. I had three bites of this meal and I was done.

My daughter had the "Mac Hot Dog." It was OK. Not spectacular. She said the bun tasted "funny" or "different." $4.95. My wife had a salad. My son and his wife had the "Mac Cheese Burger." He enjoyed it.

So...

FOOD 2 Stars
And no french frys to be seen on the menu. This is a soda fountain. You would think.

AMBIANCE 5 Stars!!!
This place is incredible. He has a huge store with lots of collectables from different eras, mostly from the 50s. Antique furniture. Antique and collectable clothes. Displays with old products. So cool. A real 45 rpm jukebox. You really need to see the soda fountain and the booths. I don't know where he got them, but the booths are wood and--how do I describe this--have this classy wood attachment/facade to the wall. Interesting stuff all around.

ICE CREAM TREATS 5 Stars!!!
Already described the ice cream and the sodas. He has a gizillion flavors of sodas and has some menu items of ready-to-go combinations. But you can create your own with your own soda flavorings and your own ice cream flavors. The possibilities are endless.

Overall, you need to experience this.
I always look forward to their ice cream sodas. They have great daily specials too. they have good old fashion home cookin'

Ambient - Retro.
The decor and ambiance is just perfectly retro at MacAlpine's.  From the awesome vintage soda fountain to the waitresses appropriately styled, I love the nostalgic vibe here. My favorite meal here would have to be the veggie burger with a carrot raisin salad as the side and whatever delicious shake I decide to gorge myself on for the day. My last shake there a couple days ago was the red velvet cake shake....It is the most wonderful liquid concoction I have had there yet! They are currently having an amazing sale on vintage items too! I scored a cute grey handbag for less than $10!!
I can understand how this location can get some extra points for being quaint  but it will certainly not get points for being clean.  The soda I had was great but I could not get over how dirty and run down this place was.  The staff where inattentive and to be honest completely useless, the tile on the floor was pealing off, the bar looked very warn and the booth we sat in was sticky. I understand the concept but I cannot forgive dirt when I visited a location.   I won't be back again.
This place is cute and quaint. And then you see the thrift shop next door, and it's even more cute and quaint! I really enjoyed the chicken sandwich. I ordered an ice cream soda, the one with mango, but it wasn't anything to write home about (if I wrote home, to begin with).
I love Macalpines it's in my neighborhood
I get the whole vibe .With that being said 
They need to get a touch realistic they are becoming over priced its Thrifty ice cream 
Not Ben and Jerry's I'm not complaining 
But when a Sandwich ice tea and a Ice cream is costing $17.50  then $21.00 with
Tip I  think it's a little too much ..., just saying
The food is absolutely dreadful. I ordered a cheeseburger and it was undoubtedly not only the worst cheeseburger but probably the worst meal I have ever eaten in my entire life. The place has this really strange odor when you walk in, and I should have left when it hit my nostrils. However, I thought I would give it a chance. Big mistake. The service was good.
I love this place.  I'm not much for the soda fountain offerings, but that's because I am always stuffed after I've eaten whatever I ordered.  I love the 'old' standbys...the egg salad sandwich and mushroom soup!  or the blt!   The wait staff is adorable.  And we get to do a little vintage shopping , too.
I love this place. 
I love the vintage decor, the attached antique stores, and the overall feeling of the place.

As most of the reviews reference, McAlpines has been open since 1928 and is said to be the only surviving soda shop to make it through the Great Depression. 

The staff is young, and hipster. Many sporting victory rolls or Betty Bangs. They offer great soda recommendations and are are attentive and quick. 

Their food is consistent and classic. No frills, no fuss and great taste. The potato salad is awesome. I always order an extra side of it. 

Their deserts are killer. Chocolate fudge for miles. My husband had a root-beer float which he swears is the best he's ever had. 

There old fashioned soda fountains alter the taste of your traditional coke but for the better. They also have a ton of phosphates to choose from. Try the cherry. It's my favorite. 

I hope this little place continues on for generations as a institution the the days gone by...
We had great service, enjoyed the custom made old tyme soda fountain drinks and ice cream. Looking at the antique store connected to the restaurant was fun.  Why 2 star?  The food.  It was dreadful.  They are not even trying to make it good.  I would forgive them if they made an effort, but based on all of the other negative comments about the food you would think they might try to step it up a notch.  They have been in business forever and good for them.  If you go, go for the atmosphere, go for the soda fountain, skip the food.
Family owned business that serves up the best one of a kind flavors of soda floats I've ever experienced. I had "Breakfast at Tiffany's," and can't wait till my next sweet tooth to go back.
Overpriced,

Other than that the place is fun and the service is friendly. The food was ok, nothing special. The soda & ice cream were good, but again overpriced. I can't see myself ever coming back.
It's official, and worth an update--the dill pickle phosphate is way too potent for anyone except the greatest of pickle freaks.  That said, I cannot recommend more strongly, the dill pickle sundae.  Yeah, I know, it sounds like there's no way that would work.  But it does!  The flavor is dominated by the vanilla ice cream with a slight and somewhat lingering hint of dill.  It really does work.  Ok, I admit it might not be for everyone, but try it.  Really.
And if not, still, swing by this wonderful little slice of Americana if you find yourself up in Phoenix.  What a wonderful little place!
great place and atmosphere, great ice cream and malts.
Was excited to try this place, looked like so much fun...a soda fountain mixed with old "stuff" to shop. The vintage shopping was the highlight, cool things from jewelry to furniture and great clothes. Can not comment on food as we only tried the shakes. Our waitress was disinterested and seemed annoyed to be waiting on us after she figured out that is all we wanted. The shake had 5 inches of whip cream, which is great if I wanted a whip cream shake, scooped it off, as wanted to try the actual shake and that seemed to further annoy the waitress, as result took forever for her to come and remove dirty things. Shake was just okay...took my dad as thought he would get a kick out of the place. His comment was "when does the strawberry flavor kick in?" meaning the shake had no flavor.  -if I am going to splurge on another shake though, sorry this will not be the place, giant hamburger on Lindsay has the best. And the staff are phenomenal....always friendly. Sorry wanted to like this place...the other staff seemed nice enough and I think one of the other girls noticed and tried to make better when we checked out...so at least they tried. But won't return for the food or shakes. I will stop to peruse antiques again after I eat at one of the other restaurants along the same street.
So when I first wakled into MacAlpine's {the restaurant part} I felt like I was walking into the 1955 diner from Back to the Future. Very awesome soda bar, with about every flavor of soda known to man. I quickly ordered a strawberry-banana soda and looked at the menu. For the most part it's a very simple menu, they obviously don't have fryers so the sides are kind of lame {bagged potato chips, really?} but I was not disappointed in the hamburger I got! Mmmmmmm! So delicious! Real cheese, a nice meaty taste and the bun seriously melted in my mouth - dare I say freshly baked? 

Now for the dessert! We got the turtle sundae and it was amazing!! The portion size will not disappoint, and the ice cream had the perfect texture and consistency. 

Really loved my first visit to MacAlpine's and I will definitely be going back for round two and three and four and...
Step back in time and experience an old-fashioned soda fountain right here in Arizona! The surrounding area has changed quite a bit, but inside MacAlpine's Soda Fountain it's still 1929. 

Lunch and dinner selections include comfort food classics such as meatloaf, burgers, sloppy joe's, and egg salad sandwiches. Don't forget to try a malt shake, phosphate soda, egg cream, or soda in one of the 30-something flavors (from sarsaparilla to bubble gum)! 

We came here on a Saturday and our group sampled the chocolate malt shake ($5.50), Sloppy Joe ($6.95), Pastrami Rueben Sandwich ($7.50), and a small sundae in one of the old wooden booths. All Sandwiches are served with your choice of Potato Salad, Hawaiian Cole Slaw, Carrot Raisin Salad, Carrot & Celery Sticks or Potato Chips. The Hawaiian Cole Slaw appeared to be missing the "Hawaiian" part of the dish but the potato salad was good as was the carrot raisin salad. 

This is a fun restaurant to visit with out of town guests or families with kids that want to enjoy a sundae with the little ones.
This place is super cool. Old school soda shop with an antique store attached. Awesome. I came here with my family and ordered lunch. The food was fine but I won't lie it could certainly be better. We ordered a grilled cheese sandwich for my son and it came out with one of the pieces of bread being the butt end of the loaf. Come on!!!  

The service started off pretty good but as the place seemed to get busier our waitress seemed to disappear into the abyss. There are only so many seats in this place so please staff appropriately. 

The ice cream/soda is certainly the star of the show and the reason to come here. I went standard issue vanilla milkshake and couldn't be happier by wide ordered some pink concoction and was thrilled with it. My son got a green ninja drink and was wired with sugar delight for the next 3 hours. 

I will come back here I just won't order food next time.
This place is really cute and unique and definitely feels like an old-timey soda fountain.

I love the antique thrift store that is attached to it and the decorations and the fancy little bar.

The staff is a little iffy sometimes, some of the staff is nice and excited, other times they are half dead. 

The food is good, a little simple for my taste and price range, but my boyfriend loves it. The potato salad is great. He likes the food (but he likes simple stuff like sandwiches and hot dogs), but his favorite is definitely the soda.

They have a HUGE menu of different types of drinks. 

Very nice place to have a treat, but if you're going to get just one thing, definitely get a dessert rather than a meal. Their sundaes are huge, too! So good!
The food here is good to average, but if you're coming here expecting former then you're just being silly. I would say expect your typical dinner fare; however, they do have a few vegetarian options. The sodas and ice cream sodas are of course the main attraction. The butter beer...OMG delicious! Exactly how I would've imagined it to taste when reading the books. In other words, to die for! Have had the Snow White one as well, which is good, but no comparison to the butter beer.
I love this place. Me and my buddy went and got floats one day. Today im leaving the Phoenix art museum. As im passing it I decide to grab a float. I got  orange soda vanilla float. So freaking good. I recommend sitting at the bar. Old school bar stools bolted into the ground. great atmosphere, and you can enjoy a great list part of American culture.
Nostalgia on steroids. This is the real deal Complete with cheerful staff. Ruben sandwich was just the right size with a delicious pineapple infused coleslaw. Even the patrons were cheerful! My dining guest thought the hot dog was ordinary. But the chocolate soda was divine!
Been living in Arizona for almost 4 years now finally went too this place they have the best Reuben sandwich and also there potatoes salad and can't forget there awesome dessert . Great place
Quick stop...hot dog and a shake for a good price and nostalgic atmosphere. Great service even when the place is full. Will go back for more shakes, the floats or soda ice cream mixes are also viable options. Mix and match allow for crazy combos.
Yum! Try one of everything! So so good! Their burgers are delicious,  yummy potato salad.  Their vintage shop is amazing! Fair prices. Customer service is super friendly. I live in san diego California and drive out to Phoenix just for this gem.
There are so many delicious float options!  The staff is friendly and I definitely felt like I went back in time. I didn't try any food so can't say much about that, but the float was awesome with extra soda and lots of ice cream. Cute antique store attached.
Awful.  First impression:  bad.  Two of the front windows were broken, and at first glance all that was visible were the two thrift stores that bookend the "restaurant".  

The eating section looked quaint at first: clearly the original counter with lots of interesting items wreathed around it.  But upon closer look, the counter was in disrepair, trim had fallen off in places, and shelves were missing, requiring supplies and table settings to not only be displayed, but piled in a jumble on the surviving shelves in full view of customers.  Worse, the jukebox was broken which we only found out after we already wasted 2 bits.

Service:  terrible.  The wait staff was young and in need of training.   Our waiter didn't write down our order and had to ask 3 questions because he forgot.  Then two mistakes still were made with the order including an incorrect entree served.  There was a large table behind us our waiter also was serving and I overheard that a child's order was completely forgotten.  Dude, just write it down!  You're not ready for a big boy server gig, it's okay.

Food:  deplorable.   Other reviews correctly assess the embarrassing "hamburgers", but the fountain drinks (we had the root beer float and Breakfast at Tiffany's ) were weak sauce (literally).  I had the Ruben with potato salad which was decent, but I was pretty hungry and would have eaten anything.  I would have preferred fries but they weren't in the menu, no deep fryer either ?

Overall the ambience was that of a David lynch movie spliced with "The Road".  Clearly the brainchild of a spinster with dementia, this place may have seemed quaint in some rim town 20 years ago ,  but on Central Ave in PHX in 2014?  Bizarre.  Or rather bazaar, because you are eating a dubious meal surrounded by moth eaten clothes, rusty metal, and grubby rummage sale items.  The only thing missing are shouting fishmongers.
Nice old environment, really has the oldies them going on. Kind of in weird location on 7th st, not what I expected.

With the choice of 99 syrup flavors, it can be overwhelming when deciding however the soda drink was good.

I had the chicken/bacon wrap and was horribly sick(bathroom wise) within two hours so cannot vouch for the food quality and might stick to ice cream only next time
Pleasantly Surprised!!!   After reading so many bad reviews about service, I was ready for some pretty crappy service. I was pleasantly surprised how the staff was friendly, attentive and quick with service. Since so many raved about the potato salad we decided to at least sample a side of it even though we were just there for dessert. It was really good and we wished for a huge bowl of it after. We had the Turtle Sundae, Rootbeer Shake and a Coffee/Caramel Shake. All three desserts were tasty and we can't wait to come back and try other variations.
The food was really good and they have an amazing selection of ice cream sodas... Would take weeks to try them all. The reason I am taking off a star is because of the service. Our server was nice but we had to remind her a few times about items we ordered and ended up not getting things we ordered at the beginning until we were done eating, and our server points to some other employees behind her and says "blame them". And then they still forgot a shake. But in general it was a nice place that we'd go to again.
Dairy Queen? Or Dirty Queen? And I'm not talking about my femmy neighbor with the Member's Only jacket drenched in Patchouli. Really, it's not working. You're just stinky. But this DQ could use a visit from Mr. Clean and the Brawny paper towel guy. Both of whom I've had huge crushes on. Napkins, papers and spoons on the floor. Behind the counter wasn't a pretty picture either. They weren't busy and should have been cleaning. You know what they say..."If there's time to lean, there's time to clean." However, my simple little vanilla cone really hit the spot. For that...2 stars. Staff was friendly. One more. Total. Three stars
The other night I was craving a Peanut-Buster Parfait but had no desire to schlep inside the nearby Dairy Queen.  I was feeling lazy, bra-less and make-up free.  Easy solution, I thought. Drive a little farther to the drive-thru Dairy Queen. YES!!!  

Central was eerily vacant of cars, so I made it there in no time. It took a while for someone to take my order and then when I got up to the window, this young kid looked at me and asked if I was "so and so." At first I thought I didn't hear him right so I said, "What?" He repeated the name. I ponder it for a moment, and with a scrunched look, I said "Uh, no." 

I paid, got my change and drove off.  But I started thinking on the way home: could that have been a secret code? For a drug-deal? Or some cool rave party? Damn! I should have said "YES!" I could've had some extra fun with my Parfait!  Oh, well.  It hit the spot. I'll be back again, and maybe the next time I'll remember to say "yes" if asked a random question.
This DQ is getting a face lift and it looks like they're almost done with the remodel.  

The good: DQ now offers a "Mini" size which is PERFECT for my periodic Half Health Bar, Half Oreo Blizzard cravings.

The bad: The Drive Thru takes FOREVER!!  Seriously, I don't know what is happening inside when there are only 2 cars in the parking lot?!

The ugly: The damage those Blizzards are doing to my heart and ass
I am so glad they remodeled this place.  It was getting a bit run down, but is a staple as one of the only dairy queens in the central Phoenix Area.   The service is good and the ice cream always hits the spot.

Yesterday we went through the drive-thru and had to wait a bit, but once the window a Hispanic man in his early 20s handed us our amazing shakes and was so friendly.  He was overly kind and made me wish I had gotten his name as we drove away.
Yep it's a Dairy Queen, It's a little busy around 7, but worth the wait.
We went for  soft serve cones on July 11 in the early evening.  The ice cream was smooth and creamy and certainly hit the spot.  What impressed me the most was the friendly staff!  They are awesome.
I Iike soft serve and soft serve with a chocolate shell on it .... yum

Oh and nice folks and a decent price.
Who doesn't like DQ? And they gave this one a face lift!

Not a lot to say here but I've never had bad service here and the drive thru seems to be always busy so, dozens of ashamed late-night eaters can't be wrong.
Was next door waiting for my girlfriends doctor appointment when I got hungry so I walked over to this place. Says doors open at 10:30 so I checked my phone and surprisingly it was exactly 10:30, so I reached for the door and it was locked. I decided to wait 5 minutes in the chair outside and watched an employee walk in and lock the door behind him so I left. Needless to say if your establishment opens at 10:30 then be prepared to open at 10:30. They lost my lunch business for today.
My wife and I are regulars at this location for their frozen treats.

I normally put fast food at 2-3 stars, but this place gets the fourth star for two reasons.  First, I'm really impressed with the cheerful attitude by the staff, even though they are often slammed in the evenings.  Second, this place is always neat and clean.

Awesome Blizzards.
Quick and pleasant drive-thru service and standard issue DQ deliciousness - perfect dessert stop.

If you've never been to a DQ before, try a Peanut Buster Parfait - the soft-serve is delicious, the fudge is thick and creamy and the peanuts are plentful and salty - it's an excellent combination.  My husband 's favorite is the Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Blizzard, if you're looking for a sure thing in a cup.

Enjoy!
Ice cream was typical for DQ but neighborhood was a bit sketchy on a Saturday evening. A guy outside had a holstered firearm. 

Very small store. Very limited seating. 

My only concern was how well they cleaned the Blizzard machine. Just looked like it needed some cleaning. No one got sick so probably fine too.
I loved DQ as a kid and practically lived there as a teenager.  Fast forward many years and I am now rediscovering the joy of their soft serve.  I am an ice cream fiend and DQ's vanilla cones just seem to hit the spot these days.  Something about the cold, creamy goodness is deeply satisfying, and is rivaled only by their chocolate sundae.  This location has been here forever and has been upgraded.  The staff is very polite and the drive-thru is usually busy.  Most times this deliciousness is worth the wait!
Slowest moving Dairy Queen I have ever been to! Went at 2 and took 20 minutes for my order which was the lunch deal for one not any big order , food was still good as good as fast food gets, but not quick enough for me to stop in and get my lunch
Love the Blizards! BUT, when my daughter ordered her chocolate Sunday the guy asked if she wanted whip cream on it or not and she said yes. After I paid my husband asked me if we had to pay extra for the whip cream and I said surely not! I walked over there to look at my reciept hanging off the register along with 5-6 others that were never given to those customers and I couldn't read it upsidown. So I asked the guy and he said, "Oh yea, it was an extra .35 cents."

OK, it's just .35 cents, but it really does aggrivate me! You asked a "Kid?" Come on...I can totally agree with 35 cents or more for added guacamoli since avacado's are 1.00 each and they might have 1-2 avacado's in your side, but 35 cents for something that should be on a Sunday anyway? These things costabout .79 cents a can and they can probably get 10 Sunday's out of it. At least McDonalds doesn't charge yme when I ask for whip cream!
Never coming back here again! Got charged 167 dollars for a meal that was 16 dollars. Had to call the bank since my account got overdrawn and didn't even get an apology. I used to come here all the time but they definitely lost my business for good.
Getting charged for ranch when it comes with your meal is ridiculous. Who orders chicken strip dry? Also the people there are rude.
Wow I am shocked that this DQ has such bad reviews!  Every single time I've been to this location the kids that work there have been great! I mean not just nice but above and beyond.  Also, I don't know why or how but they have better ice cream than the one up on Bell Rd.
Cookie dough blizzards & mint Dilly bars, 'nuff said!
Dilly bar. Say it with me. Dilly bar.
Surly old lady working the counter on my day and believe me, I caught the vibe quite clearly and won't be back.  Ice cream didn't taste quite right, and the Blizzard ingredients seemed stale and unchewable.  Yuck.  Tummy gurgles for an hour after consumption.  Not good.
Great prices and fresh food ...
Good place with cheap tasty food.
I've only been to the drive through, so I'm only reviewing this portion of service. They are always friendly and quick to get our ice cream orders. We've never ordered food, just frozen treats. the prices are getting a little high, but the yummy-ness is worth it.
Stopped here for a blizzard since I had a $5 gift card.  My daughter saw that they had a $5 lunch special and decided to get that instead.  It came with a medium drink, 3 chicken strips, medium fries, and a small sundae.  I thought it was a great deal!  And I "think" the chicken is actually real and not like the "Golden Arches" nuggets that are factory made.  

The location was clean inside and the staff was mostly young, high school age kids but very friendly.
Been through the drive-through a few times. Never any errors and they're always friendly!
Dairy Queen!!  We go through the drive thru mainly at this location. 

The soft serve is fabulous, I love it dipped in chocolate!  The blizzards always have a lot of toppings- no skimping at this location.  The hunny and I like the Reese peanut butter cup blizzard or the Oreo blizzard.  One time we accidentally got the wrong order and tried the fudge brownie cheesecake blizzard with extra fudge on the side and we thought it was a little too rich.  We still ate the whole thing, as usual of course!
This is a clean and efficient DQ. You can't say that about them all... We love this DQ, they are always kind, courteous, friendly & efficient... Never a complaint here. The staff seem to all be interested in doing a great job. Food is always hot and or cold where applicable... They all seem genuine in wanting to work here...
5 Stars for what it is...Dairy Queen! Who doesn't like a Blizzard? Fast and Yummy. In and out with a Blizzard Meal Deal. I was spoon fed a Hawaiian Blizzard on the drive home...it doesn't get much better than that.
Of all the Dairy Queens I've been to in my life in CA, TX and now AZ, this is the nicest and cleanest location I've been to. I guess that's what happens in Awhatukee.

The staff is fast when you order inside and also when you order through the drive thru.

I could eat Chicken Finger Baskets and Blizzards all the time! I'm happy to live so close to this location and enjoy all the wonderful treats this place has to offer.
I had not been to this location since they remodeled the inside it's really clean and nice... Friendly staff I was impressed. I ordered the chicken finger basket it comes with fries and two pieces of toast... For the sauces I went with the honey mustard and the gravy... I rate the food as followed.
Chicken Fingers - B
Fries - B
Toast - D 
Gravy - B
Honey Mustard - B
I will be back again for lunch plus I really wanted a blizzard.
I was craving Dairy Queen for quite awhile.  When I finally went I was wondering what I wanted it so badly for?  I ordered a grape freeze.  The icey slush mixed with soft serve vanilla.  It was was so mediocre.  I felt like I was wasting calories for the day.  If I want a treat I can think of such better/higher quality treats and ice cream.
Always a good stop for a blizzard. Service is friendly and fast.
I went here for dinner tonight after work since I was starving and haven't gone grocery shopping in God knows how long. First off it was really clean and everyone was friendly and service was fast.

I ordered a chicken strip basket with gravy which was yummy. The fries kinda sucked but they always have been kinda blah here. I also ordered a large hot fudge sundae with extra hot fudge which was way over priced and not worth it. The hot fudge was sort of gummy and gross. Okay it was super gummy and gross. Not sure what was up with that, the sundaes at Sonic are half the price and a million times better.

I'll definitely be back for the chicken strips, not so much for the ice cream.
Excellent service as always. Best swirl cones in town.
Back in 1994, my dad and his friend took me and my sisters to Nielsen's to try frozen custard for the first time.  From what I remember, it's more rich, much creamier than ice cream or frozen yogurt.  Since then, I've never been able to find anything that comes close to that creamy, custard-y frozen goodness.  Apparently it's not that common here on the west coast.

Last I went back, because I had to have that smooth chocolate cone once more.  There was a wait, which wasn't uncommon, being summertime in the AridZone.  There wasn't a nice little old lady helping us; instead there were teenagers running about behind the counter.  The entire place, small as it was, felt kinda...sticky, I suppose.  The napkin counter was gross from melted messes and grinder condiments.  I tried to hide my slowly-growing disappointment until I could taste the frozen custard I once knew long ago.  Unfortunately, the custard itself was just not the same.

It tasted like plain ol' chocolate ice cream.  There wasn't anything custard-like about it.  :(

**Upon searching for reviews on the Net, I found that the Neiesens had sold the shop to a different owner, which would explain the downfall of  my favorite dessert spot.  However, they've recently gained ownership once again, this of course after my unfortunate visit last year, but I have high hopes!  Although I have few reasons to ever find myself in Arizona again, at least I know there's one thing to look forward to if it happens.
Nielson's is a local favorite. But I am still confused why everyone loves this place SO much. We have a few couples who nearly beg us to go here after a movie or dinner. Usually we'll give in. And it isn't horrible or anything. I ust prefer others better. I think the frozen custard is pricey and the taste is creamy but otherwise boring. 

One bright spot are the sandwiches, called Grinders. Try the Spicy Italian with pepper relish, the Roast Beef w/ Guacamole, and (my favorite) The Finer Things, with turkey, avacados and cream cheese. Probably not the best for my expanding waistline, but a delicious indulgence.

Others negatives that pulled my rating down a star: since they are popular, the wait can be 10-15 minutes. And with high school kids behind the counter, the service can be poor.
I'd like to give this place five stars, just to drive my favorite Floridian more bananas than he already is, but alas, I cannot.  It's very good and worth the 20 minute drive, but the service can be uneven and sometimes the custard is a little too melted.  That being said, did I mention that I'll drive 20 minutes to go here and that I pass two Dairy Queens, one Baskin Robbins, and more of those tart yogurt places than I can count?  So yes, it is creamy and delicious and very far from Florida.
When I'm in the mood for a creamy desert I will always go to Nielsen's. I prefer the baseline/power location but this one is bigger. I do miss the Iceberg that use to be in this location. I like the choices of mix-ins for the custard. I always get Captin Crunch and Maraschino Cherries. Sadly I do not visit this place much anymore cause of my addiction to tart frozen yogurt, but when I get the creamy craving I go to Nielsens.
When I get a sweet tooth and decide I want something ice cream-like, this is near the top of my list.  Frozen custard is a notch above ice cream and frozen yogurt, in my opinion.

The great thing about Nielsen's is the mix ins.  My favorite is butterscotch.  Pumpkin and Cap'n Crunch are also great.  Heck, just thinking about it makes me want to go get some.

The only thing I don't like about this place is the non-dessert options.  I don't really care for their regular food.
Through all our trips to Arizona, we kept driving by Nielsen's Frozen Custard when we went to and from our hotel to our daughter's home.  Each time, I would say to myself that we had to give it a try.  However, many times we would drive by it when it was closed.  Well...this trip (our final one to visit our daughter who has now moved), we got here!

Upon entering, we were surprised to find that in addition, to frozen custard, they also served meals (burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc.).  We were there strictly for the frozen custard.

We were greeted by a very friendly young lady who worked behind the counter.  She was patient with us as we perused the massive topping menu---so much choice!  In the end, I chose a small cup of vanilla with sprinkles and my husband had a small cup of unadorned chocolate custard.  After ordering, we were given a number to put on our table then the young lady brought out our order quickly.

We both agreed that the frozen custard had a nice, creamy consistency.  However, we found that it didn't have much flavor.  Neither the vanilla nor the chocolate had a strong enough flavor---and that was disappointing.  We were expecting much better.

Yet, we don't regret giving it a try.  Had we not done so, it would have been one of those things that would have nagged at me.  I would have always wondered if we had missed out on something excellent.
I was on a savage hunt for some yogurt and was determined to find the perfect spot to satisfy my craving... you know when you're craving something in particular and even though you really want it you become super picky?? yeah that was me.. we must have drove by 5 yogurt spots and i was being a brat and could not make up my mind which place i wanted to go into. When we drove past this place i was intrigued by the design  and decorations. It has a old 50 classic diner feel to it which i thought was cute. Even all  the employees were in their dorky little outfits/hats.

what is frozen custard you ask??? It is better than ice cream... it is freakin delicious! toppings are endless.. Everything from sprinkles to cap'n crunch! I got the lemon flavored custard mixed with coconut, graham crackers and butter toffee nuts.. shit was the BOMB! so effin'' good.. better than i could have though.. 

You can get large pint sizes to take home... they also serve hamburgers, sandwiches, strawberry shortcakes, root bear floats, French fries ..you get the idea.

Just did dessert this time.. but i will be back Nielsen's..oh yes i will be back.
I love Nielsen's! Both locations are very nice. The food is good quality and the employees seem very efficient and industrious. I love the "Finer Things" sandwich.

An aside (which does not affect my rating): Many of the people here don't control their children - almost every time I have gone to either Nielsen's there are kids going crazy. It's worth it for the food though!
Throw me a bone here fellas!  Yeah, that spicy italian sub was tasty, but at $6 without a drink or chips you're hitting the wallet pretty hard and leaving me hungry.  Guess I'll just stick with the custard in the future.
I've been eating here for almost 20 years.  The sandwiches are great! But the frozen custard is better!  Try my favorite concrete: strawberry & caramel.
Yum! I mostly go to NFC for a concrete (which is their frozen custard). I love the creamy vanilla custard with cookies and cream mix-in. This is a cute little shop with a 50s diner feel. I have never had bad service and the place stays really clean.
Cookies and cream concrete w/ Oreo mix-in. I'm still in a diabetic coma. Yet, writing a review.  Can't wait to try the food.  Booyakasha!
One of a kind around here. Legit. Classic.
The grinders & custard are heavenly, but there's too many kids standing around behind he counter & the food is expensive for what you get.
This place is the "Culvers" for those of us kids who grew up in Utah.  Classic throw back burgers, frozen custard, and ambiance.
Been coming here for years and will always come here when I want the best custard.  Food is always fantastic and the staff is friendly.
I went to this place on a friend's recommendation, but have only eaten the custard. The lemon is quite refreshing and fluffy although I wish is was a little less sweet. This is a great place to visit after a light meal in downtown Mesa if you are looking to satisfy your sweet tooth, but not go overboard. The service is fantastic and the parking is ample as they have a private lot. The inside of the restaurant is quite charming and diner like. If you are really looking for the full experience of frozen custard, eat it outside in the never-ending, relentless Arizona sun...you will truly feel the refreshment!
This is no where near the same as the Gilbert location.

I ordered a chicken sandwich, because they didn't have the veggie one I get from the other location.

It came on a fairly dry crusty hoagie roll, with shredded iceburg lettuce, mayo (that I specifically asked not for), chicken, and some horrible pepper sauce. The sauce was not listed in the ingredients on the menu. It was not just hot, but tasted bad. I asked the person at the counter about it, they said they put it on all their sandwiches. Something they might want to mention on the menu.

It was pretty loud, and smelled greasy. The menu is not the same as the Gilbert location either. I was fairly disgusted by my food, so we didn't even bother with the custard.
Great ice cream. Food is alright. If your in a hurry this might not be the place for you. Can take a while to get good. They are fairly quick with the Ice cream
we are here from California, visiting family, and they were excited to take us to Nielsons for frozen custard so we decided to eat dinner as well. They younger staff were very nice and helpful but the older woman manager was rushing us as we ordered and became agitated when one of us brought it to her attention that the bacon that she paid 1.50 extra for her burger was basically less than paper thin and full of holes. This woman manager was very rude about our request her 1.50 comped on our custard order, like it was an unreasonable request. Maybe the manager could be more willing to accomodate and have a better attitude towards customers. My 1 1/2 yr old niece dropped her frozen custard from kids plate and they didnt offer to replace it, or to even sell us another one. We had to buy a full size adult frozen custard. This manager is pretty stingy! WE loved the food, and the custard was very good, it would help business for this manager to be more people friendly.
This place has been here for several years and I popped in one time after a visit from my dentist.  That first visit had me sold and it wasn't long afterwards that I was talking about the place while visiting my dental office and telling  them how good it is.  Well to my surprise not one of the people that worked in the office had ever had a taste of Nielsen's Frozen Custard.  *gasp*
Could this be true?!
I mean how is it possible?  This place is not even a quarter mile from their office.
So I brought in several varieties prior to a follow up visit and the staff was thanking me profusely.

REAL frozen custard.  It is delicious, has flavor you can truly taste and real substance that doesn't wimp out immediately when exposed to the AZ weather.  
I've had Freddy's and Carver's and although theirs is tasty there is something about the recipe that just falls short of Nielsens.
And that Rita's place, c'mon.  The staff there uses a mix and couldn't even tell you the difference between ice cream and frozen custard.  
And someone was telling me I need to try it, it's good.  
When I indulge in something that is going to pad my hips and thighs I prefer authentically delicious, not false a representation.
Good quantity of food for the money. Diner feeling. Hamburger and fries were good.
Came across this place while running errands in Mesa. I had promised my daughter I would buy her ice cream after her shots. We walked in and ordered a banana split for her, I'm a weird person that doesn't love ice cream and ice cream doesn't love me back but I will still have a couple of spoonfuls. 

We ordered from a really nice young man and received our treat quite fast.

Will go back to try a concrete soon.
This is sub par to the other frozen custard places that have pooped up like weeds as of late. The place smelled and was dirty. The food was over priced and tasted bland. The concrete was okay, nothing special. This is place will close down before to long.
Good food but ridiculous wait time! Do not go here if you are jn a hurry! Especially the drive thru! They do not seem too worried about you coming back again.
Solid spot.  Definitely an East Valley favorite.  Grab the oreo concrete, it's delish.
We visit from California to Arizona a couple times a year and this place is a MUST for my entire family. We have had the grinders on occasion but we come here for the CONCRETES. I have no idea why it is so good, it just is. The portion is huge but I have yet to see 1 person not finish it. We are all stuffed afterwards but  happy. I've never had a problem with service but I can see getting irritated at the young workers and especially the young kids that hang out in the place not eating. Thats annoying
I use to love their concert but tonight it was nothing but soup with large globs of what should have been 'mix ins'.  At over $5 a container it was very disappointing.
We will not be coming here in the future.  I read some reviews before deciding to go here on a Friday night w hubby, we wanted something sweet.  Based on a review by a former employee, we got a banana split to share since it has 3 scoops of ice custard.  We were very disappointed when it came.  The scoops were a third size of Baskin Robbins.
I've never eaten anything but ice cream at Dairy Queen, but recently I was encouraged by a coworker to give it a try.  This Dairy Queen gets pretty busy, but I was served within five minutes.  The shrimp is actually really good; not too fried-tasting.  The fries are as good as any competitor's, and the sauces here are not bad!  However, what really blew me away was the blizzard.  Mm!  How can you go wrong with an Oreo Blizzard from Dairy Queen?  I got the biggest one, and it was definitely too much for me to finish.  Service here was courteous though not exactly friendly.  Their selection of ice cream cakes was ample and tasty looking!
Always been good!  Had a choc ice cream double dipped in cherry!
The chocolate covered strawberry bowl was very good. However when you ask what is in the different blizzards, no one seems to know and they have to go get a list. They did find out for me however and were pleasant about it. Always very good, prices similar to other places.
friendly and fast! but they are in need of a remodel.
Just got out of the drive thru at Dairy Queen. Sat down to eat a burger and a corn dog. The food was deliciously hot and fresh. Customer service was great. Would recommend any day.
This Dairy Queen is the best in the world! It has two things I love ..extra delicious Blizzards made fresh with Reeses ...and My Nephew.... He rocks the shake machine.
ummm, butterscotch and cherry dilly bars !!!!!!!!!!!

get some!!

boom!!!
It's your standard Dairy Queen. Delicious crappy for you food we all grew up on. Remember getting sundaes in little baseball helmets?
Ecasketch bad service. Wrong order. Poor chris ..super hereo sosa to rescue! Dipped chocalate cone check. Lol!
Normal layout of a free standing DQ.  The staff is so friendly!!!  I got the small smore blizzard...  OMG...  Party in my mouth...  YUM!!!  And the place is CLEAN!
Ah,  DQ and their yummy Blizzards,  what would life be without them? Thank god I don't need to ask.   I always get my favorite,  Heath bar with carmel added.... I really need to branch out,  but it's soo good!  Big chunks of health bar mixed with almost too soft soft serve,  you really can't go wrong.   I always have them add a few squirts or carmel,  it really tops it off.   My daughter got the Triple Berry smoothie,  which she liked fine,  but they gave her a large insted of a medium.   Only a big deal,  because she'll never drink the whole thing.   DQ will always be our cold treat fix, and  my bathroom scale hates me for it.
I have to agree with Lisa K.  This Dairy Queen is excellent.  I had a coupon for a free Blizzard and this is the closest one to my home so off we went.  This one is located in the strip mall where Phoenix Palace Buffet is on Dobson.  It's kind of tucked away next to a Yoga studio in the corner.

We were warmly greeted the minute we walked in and served quickly.  My daughter told the woman that her birthday was coming up and she instantly put her on a list for a free birthday blizzard.  Nice!  We all know Blizzards are full of fat and sugar but the darn things are so good, who can resist!!  I tried the Pumpkin Pie Blizzard and it was delish!!  I love all things pumpkin though so if that's not your thing, my daughter had the cookie dough and she gave it two thumbs up!!  She said there were big chunks of cookie dough in it and that was a-ok in her book!

It's nice when you get great service at a little fast food joint.  Usually that's not the case.  Kudos to this one for being different in a good way!
Nice ppl and good service. But no chocolate ice cream...really?   We only go there because they were the ONLY ones around who still have chocolate ice cream--and one of the workers assured me that would continue because the boss was really big on chocolate.

Went in today--none. Only on the weekends, the guy said. No clue why the boss changed it. SUPPOSEDLY ppl don't ask for it during the week. Well, we did. And according to the workers, lots of ppl ask for it all week long; as a matter of fact, another DQ sent us there, knowing that they were the ONLY DQ around still serving chocolate ice cream.

FYI great workers; quite nice, and friendly, and helpful.  BUT--it's in a strip mall and not on the end, so no drive-thru.  

My son signed up for the birthday club and they called him and gave him a month to come get his free treat. Nice.  But still, no chocolate is a big thing for me, and since I'm driving, we probably won't be going too much anymore unless he wants vanilla.
I love this place but the ac is broken and my icy cream was melted by the time I got out the door.  No joke more of it on my hands than my mouth. Sucks its hot in az and the ac broke but they shouldn't have been selling ice cream.  I just feel bad for the employees working in that heat
Went to the Gilbert DQ tonight for an after dinner ice cream treat w/ my husband and son.  We all wanted a peanut buster parfait.  My hubbie and son both like peanut butter so they decided to try the Peanut Butter Blast.   It looked just like the peanut buster parfait but w/ PB added and the price was the same so we ordered two of those and one p-buster for me.  Imagine our surprise when the Peanut Butter Blast sundaes showed up as half the size of my p-buster parfait.  We really felt ripped off by the deceptive picture shown on the menu and won't be going back ever again.  DQ....you've made my list of companies I won't visit ever again.  Sonic has a better deal and they won't rip me off.
Not impressed. They screwed up order.  How hard can it be do make plain hamburger,  no cheese? I told the kid taking my order 3 times no cheese.  So when I get order and check it.  Cheese.  Guy goes to remake it and comes back real quick with new burger.  I burn my fingers on burger wrap....  Why you ask? Cause he microwaved the new burger.  Grrrrr.  When I asked him if he microwaved it he said no.  WTH? No way burger was cooked on grill that fast.  Pathetic service.
I've frequented this location a couple times & I've never had an issue with them, service or food wise. I just enjoyed a peanut buster parfait & it was just like the picture, how many restaurants can say that!, lol  when I'm in the mood for DQ & I'm in the area I'll stop in here for a bite
I have had a great experience every time I have come to this Dairy Queen! Everyone is so helpful if I want to try something new or when I get my usual!  I've been coming here for years because I live around the corner and they never dissappoint!
The staff at this location is absolutely top notch! We literally drive 20 minutes to go to only this location. There is one right down the street from our home but they refuse to fill our special requests. The evening shift staff is the reason that we keep coming back!! They are all so friendly, and they are always willing to make our favorite peanut butter crunch blizzard. If you've never had one go here and try one. They do an excellent job!
Very small "large" sundaes in my opinion. Food is very mediocre.
Every time I visit this DQ, they have the friendliest and most efficient staff!  We have been coming here for years. There are 2 other DQ's near me and this one requires me to drive through downtown Gilbert but I will keep doing it for the great service!
Great custards!!! Ah their rootbeer floats are amazing. So simple but so good! The food is good quality, pretty tasty when you're hungry but not anything extraordinary. 

Nielsen's has a very wholesome, kinda 60's retro feel. The restaurant was clean, and the high-school age employees were attentive and polite if not very experienced.

The last time I visited, I ordered a vegetarian grinder and the waitress asked me if I'd like the "finer things in life" on it. I said yes. Turns out the finer things in life are slices of warm turkey breast meat. Little surprising for a vegetarian sandwich, but a good surprise! 

I would definitely recommend at least trying it out!
I love this place, great custard, sandwiches, and soups. I fiftys diner feel inside this small little custard shop has big taste. Dont eat dinner before you come here for desert. There sandwiches are top notch. The freshest bread you can get. Their pepper relish could be the best thing you can add to a great sandwich. Then to follow it with frozen custard which will make you forget about ice cream or frozen yogurt. Must try in my book. Heaven is a hide away on baseline.
I love Nielsen's! Both locations are very nice. The food is good quality and the employees seem very efficient and industrious. I love the "Finer Things" sandwich.

An aside (which does not affect my rating): Many of the people here don't control their children - almost every time I have gone to either Nielsen's there are kids going crazy. It's worth it for the food though!
I've heard so much about this place so the family and I decided to try it out.

First off - for someone who has never been there before it was very confusing - the menu board did not make sense - so after asking the counter help what to do they sort of looked at us like we were from another planet. I'm sure if I had gone with someone who knew what to get I probably would have been a little more pleased. What I ended up with wasn't that good, which was very basic - custard with some kind of flavoring on it.

I'm willing to try it out again, but my wife said she would never return.
Ok. Health Scale goes out the window. We're Talking about dessert!  Custard is so much yummier than ice cream. If you've never had it it's time for a new experience. I love custard!
Went here to try them out after Sai Wan Bistro. Walked in to the store and there was no one in the store. No customers, no staff to be seen anywhere? Waited a couple of minutes and walked out. I'll bet the owner wonders why his business is in the toilet. As we left, we drove behind the building and the "staff" was outside smoking and texting. To the Owner: Please notify the bankruptcy court of you soon to be filed application.
I've been going here for more than ten years. Its gone down in time, it used to be amazing, now its just pretty good.

We live on the west side now, so its always a treat when we end up on this side of town to eat here for lunch. Its generally pretty quiet, to the point that we're usually the only ones there. 

I get the vegetarian sandwich, and my girlfriend gets the pastrami. I love mine, sprouts, lettuce, avacado, and cream cheese. She said the pastrami was pretty good, not the best she's ever had, but still better than average. Their custards are still a good selection. The service was OK, the teenagers there were a bit slow, especially the boy working who was completely apathetic and lacked any personality.

I miss that they used to offer a variety of breads to choose from for your sandwich, now its all hoagie rolls. The no longer offer iced tea as a drink option either, which is just strange. This sucks if you don't drink soda.
Just thought I'd help some customers out.
I've worked here for almost 2 years now and what i notice is the thing that deters people the most is the price. So i thoght I'd help you guys out. For most basic custard without a topping, so like a single vanilla will run you around $2.13. Not that bad, but if you were to get 4 for eexample that'd be around $8.50. If we were to serve perfectly each time, 4 single scoops would be a pint which we actually do sell for around $5.06. If you dont mind sharing a cup and just using 4 spoons. But if you want some topping and a decent amount of custard which im sure you do. You will want to order the not so much ordered BANANA SPLIT! For $4.99 plus tax you get 3 scoops of custard,your choice, a banana (of course), 2 toppings, and a nut. That beats any custard item on our menu besides our Concrete which is also very good.
Now for the Grinders. There isn't really a way around the price besides getting a job here and getting an employee discount. but let me tell you THEY ARE WORTH IT!
With fresh cut deli meats, fresh bread made from a recipe passed through generations, and their DELICIOUS and often misinterpeted pepper relish. These sandwhiches AKA Grinders are the best I've ever had. Although everyone has their preferences my favorite which is mostly customized is "The Finer Turkey Bacon Melt Thingy!" (not on menu). which is a grinder with; turkey, bacon, avacado, cream cheese, swiss or provolgne cheese, Xtra Xtra pepper relish, and the other grinder things such as; lettuce, mayo, onion, tomato, and etc. If you were to order this it'd be pretty pricey but if you are prepared to have the most delicious sandwhich of your LIFE! Then you should try it. Ask Nick to make it, he knows how it's done!
(additional notes: The Ownership was changed about 2 years ago and there has been some changes, There is no longer any soup. Sorry. Also i've been told that there was a menu with different combinations for custard, which we do not have, but we do have a large list of topping that you can choose from and virtually make any flavor your heart desires.)
Come check us out our number is 480-981-6368 and we are on the South-west corner of Power and Baseline. I'd say we are a bit hard to find but don't give up we are just around the corner of GoodWill facing Baseline.
I usually go through the drive-thru here... and after walking inside, you'd probably be better off going through the drive-thru as well. 

It's really old and dated inside and they have a really large dining area. I found out that they sell ice cream cakes here which is kind of cool. They've got some in a freezer that you can just pick up inside and there was also a sign that said you could special order ice cream cakes as well...good to know.

I don't go here often, and I'm not super huge on their food - but it's quite nice to treat yourself to some ice cream once in awhile!
Ok so me and my son went, and some long haired 
Indian fool gave me a bunch of attitude about using 
The bathroom, We had just finished some yard work and 
Wanted to wash up before we ordered but the kid made a 
Big deal out of ordering first. Never again.
We went here on a lunch break one day just to get dessert.  Little did we know that after ordering a malt and a shake, we would wait in the drive through for literally 15 minutes.  About 5 minutes into it, we started looking for escape routes.  Just as I was about to back up a bit and sneak around, another car boxed us in.  Its not like they had a huge line either.  That 15 minutes was spent second in line.  They didn't get anyone through.  I cannot speak to the quality of their particular chocolate desserts since we just peaced out.  We ran out of time waiting for them.  Next time we'll go to smashburger just down the road.
Sometimes a soft serve strawberry sundae is just the ticket.  I've been pretty good about this, in the 6 years I have lived looking at this location across the street I have only succumbed to the temptation a handful of times.  This time I noticed the interior had been remodeled.
Joined their email club and right away got a coupon for $3 off on an ice cream cake. 

I've been to this location many times, but not recently. We stopped in and found a log cake that looked really good. They have a freezer with a variety of flavors, sizes and prices. It was hard to choose they all looked delicious! 

The log cake was $14.99, and the manager was nice enough to honor our coupon even though it was for a round cake.
Joined their email club and right away got a coupon for $3 off on an ice cream cake. 

I've been to this location many times, but not recently. We stopped in and found a log cake that looked really good. They have a freezer with a variety of flavors, sizes and prices. It was hard to choose. They all looked delicious! 

The log cake was $14.99, and the manager was nice enough to honor our coupon even though it was for a round cake.

Will be back for ice cream when the weather warms up.
The orders are expensive for drive-through, and sometimes the lines are wayyy too long. This place needs a health inspector, both myself and two others (a friend and my mother) have gotten sick-- violent stomach pains--from this place's food. After about a year we decided to try it once more, and while nobody got sick this time around, their "containers" were open ended and all the food was stuffed into a bag which resulted in everything getting spilled. Consequently, I will never be going there again. I should have learned my lesson with the stomach pain incident, but places like this should be given a chance. They failed that chance.
Located in the old Bashas shopping center on the NW corner of 67th ave. & Deer Valley.  This is one of the cleaner DQ's in the valley, and it always has an upbeat feel because of the jukebox playing music constantly.  Service has been alright each visit, though some of the patrons are a bit difficult to look at. 

I know, I know, it's just a DQ but this one isn't so bad.
Great for a quick Blizzard fix. My son loves the burgers I haven't tried the food besides the blizzard
What I like about this DQ is they have a machine with rubber balls in it for .25c and my six year old niece always asks to go so she can add a few balls to her collection. Love the blizzards.
Had a bad experience here. We ordered 2 small dipped cones and one of them was EXTREMELY small. When I told the girl at the window, she just took the cones with an attitude and closed the window. Another girl came to the window and I explained that one of the cones was really small and she said that they "weigh" the cones. We were regular customers so we know what small cones are supposed to look like...and this cone was even smaller than a child size cone. They didn't offer to re-do the one cone, so I just offered to pay extra to upgrade to a medium. The original girl came back to the window, charged us for the additional amount for the larger cones and handed us the two cones...and one of them was STILL much smaller! She just handed the cones to us with a pissy look and closed the window. No apology, she didn't say "thank you" like most drive thru staff would do....just an attitude. She clearly had no social skills and shouldnt be dealing with customers. As she was closing the window, I told her that she doesn't need to have an attitude. At that point, she opened the window and told me that she doesn't have an attitude. I'm usually very tolerant, but being in customer service myself, I just cant tolerate rudeness.
This is a really awesome DQ. The management that runs this location is superb!

The first time I went here was to purchase ice cream & some smoothies (from the Orange Julius within the store) with coupons from my Entertainment book. Since I was using two coupons, I thought me and my boyfriend would have to purchase separately. The lady was nice enough to not make it difficult b/c the exception on the coupon did say "only one per visit or customer". (I forget since I don't have it anymore.)

My most recent experience was this past week. My sister wanted to order a photo ice cream cake from them for my niece's birthday. She wasn't able to go during the week, so we asked if we could e-mail them the photo with all the necessary information and they were totally fine with it. They were awesome, kept in touch, and the cake turned out great!

My family has ordered three ice cream cakes from this location within the past 6 months and they have tasted like heaven every single time. (We always order the Oreo Cookie & Cream ice cream cake.) They are consistent and I love that I can depend on that. 

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone ordering an ice cream cake. There is no better place for cakes. TRUST ME! I literally dream about their cakes a night and have withdrawals between my nieces/nephews birthday parties. 

Note: I have uploaded the pictures of the cakes we've purchased in the photo section.
Was craving a Boston Cooler so we decided to stop in Monday night. I noticed that the soda selection did not include Vernors(key ingreadent) to what I came for, so I asked the man at the counter, who happened to also be the owner, if he had the means to make one. He was dissapointed to infprme me that he couldnt , however quickly told me all the thinkg he could make me and asked what else I would be in the mood for. As by bf joined me I was still uincertain of what I wanted at the point. Wemordered a cherry freeze, colcolate brownie blizzard and an orange julius. We sat down and when our order was ready the owner came to our table and deleivered the drinks!! We asked him a few questions about how business has been and so on, he was friendly and upbeat! We LOVED the pride and ownership that he showed, usually you find young kids running places like that but with him being there it gave the place an at hoime feel and we sat and ate our frozen treats and was nothing less then 100%b satisfied!! We will def be back ... most likely too often!!!!
Oh for the love of Blizzards!  Saw this owner/proprietor on the local news recently during a major hankering for ice cream which doesn't come very often. to my surprise the owner took my order and took the time to chat while i waited for my sweet concoction.  I ordered chocolate chip, pecans and coconut *(i know, u either love coconut or you hate it).  he said business is good even in this flat economy (probably owing to the incessant heat) and he employs clean cut teenagers that actually want to earn a buck rather than have one handed to them for showing up (take that, Target).  The pretty teenager suggested a blizzard mix of strawberry, banana and coconut next time. i said, can you really do that? mgr must have trained her well and said we can prepare most anything you desire....whoa, have i got a list of things i desire.  Try them, after dinner, or after a workout at the gold's in the same parking lot. They aim to please!
This review is written in behalf of my boyfriend. This review is for the service, not the food.

It's Summer in Vegas and it is easily at least 90-something degrees out here in the evening. He calls Dairy Queen to ask what time they closed today (Monday) and they say 9:30pm. He was IN the store talking to a staff member at 9:28pm. And the girl in the front says they turned off all their machines (he wanted a Blizzard) following the comment with "and my watch is fast". HUH? If your watch says it's 9:30pm, then the doors should've been locked because the store is officially closed. From my personal experience, that is how businesses operate. Don't leave the store open and turn off your machines in an attempt to close and go home faster. 

So for this Dairy Queen, make sure you get here even earlier than their already 
"reDQlous" closing time if you want any machine-produced frozen goodies.
I am a HUGE ice cream/ yogurt fan but yogurtland is TOO crowded for me during the summer, so down the street to here it is! The portions are HUGE, I love that! Its rarely ever crowded and the employees are really polite.
The girls working here are very young. I blame management for not properly supervising them. Watching one of them holding my sundae with one hand and lick the fingers of her other hand was more than I could handle. This was done within sight of another employee who was working on my husband's sundae. They obviously have no clue.
With 3 people working it shouldn't take this long children..... Get it together pls
We had to go back and ask for them to remake ours, it didn't stand up to the test. Once remade it was pretty good but the wait and re-do make me not want to try again.
Yay for Chicken Tenders! Culver's is an amazing chain with the best hamburgers, I'm sorry, Butterburgers around! The custard is fresh and made daily in wonderful seasonal flavors.
My worst experiences at Culver's has happened here so it is here I must give my lowest score.   They once couldn't allow me to order chicken because even though it was on the menu it was not being cooked right then.  5 pm.  duh.  So we left.
Then I once wanted lettuce on my hamburger and they forgot.  Ok, no big deal but then when my burger came back it had a piece of lettuce about the size of a quarter so I asked for more lettuce and the guy behind the counter added some lettuce along with a good portion of disgust.   I really don't know where that disgust came from but it was freakin' weird and also very disheartening.
Whatever, I got my lettuce and ate my burger.   What a sh**y meal.
pretty basic burger and ice cream joint with some kids working the counter.  Nothing to get too excited about and a place that I pretty much pass up almost always.
For situations like these, I wish Yelp had an option to rate the food/product separately from the service. This location had excellent service, but the food was absolutely disgusting, however, that's because the food at every Culver's is disgusting, and not any fault of the employees.

The burgers are drowning in grease, are super thin and flavorless, and make the buns soggy quickly. There's nothing I hate more than a soggy bun. Urgh. The pickles are also sweeter pickles, which I'm not a huge fan of. The fries were not at all crisp, which is another down side. 

That said, the service was excellent. We'd eaten at a Culver's once before and didn't like the food, but we thought we'd give a new location another try. Not being familiar with how the chain works, the counter lady was kind and explained things to us and was just very friendly. So was the gal who brought our food to us. So they were excellent!

I just don't get the appeal of Culver's food and shan't be going back again. If I want flavorless fast food, I'll go somewhere cheaper and less greasy.
I was in Verona on business and saw a sign that read "Butter burgers" and instantly knew that I would be trying this place out. I have never heard of Culvers or butter burgers, but i KNOW now. The burger is pretty good. It was crispy and moist at the same time.The Fried cheese curds weren't all that. The custard was amazing. They let you sample before you buy which was pretty cool. All in all I would go again
update:  Culver's has improved in quality and also in service.  This has brought me back.  The fish and shrimp meals are pretty good now.  but the shrimp dip and the tartar sauce is sub-par.   They really need to change these sauces and they need more shrimp sauce for the 10 pc.  One doesn't cut it.
I tried the roast beef dinner the other day.   The beef was good but the bread it was placed on was very tough and pretty basic.  They need to improve the bread or add some carrots to it or something.   I would suggest opting away from the beef roast.
In Verona there is no dinner selection on the drive through board.  I checked twice and could not find it.  They had one dinner item listed in the picture board section.  I find their boards somewhat difficult to navigate as opposed to other drive through restaurants.
Here's what I like about Culvers:
Thanks a Farmer Campaign- LOVE LOVE this.
THEY LOVE WISCONSIN! Beef, Cheese, Milk, Farms, ...
It's clean inside, staff is polite, and generally seem happy to be there.
Who wants food served from someone who hates their job?
While I wouldn't eat here everyday day, if we're going to stop for fast food it's an easy decision.  Frozen custard all the way!
Super yummy cheese butter burgers! I love all the staff, they are always cheerful and some know you by name. It's a nice place for lunch and the ice cream.... SWEET BABY JESUS it is great! I love Culvers and constantly crave their yummy food.
My son likes Culvers since we don't have any in PA.    

He likes the burgers and cheese curds.   I tried a fry average.   And the chili supreme.  The chili was ok.... Don't bother with paying the extra $1 for the supreme which was a few pieces of onion, some cheese and sour cream.    

I couldn't wait to try the cheese curds.  They didn't have any flavor.   I'd rather have mozerella sticks.    Looking for the best cheese curds the the old Fashion in Madison.
Great place to get a burger. Double butter burger is my favorite, but this particular Culver's seems to have the best pork tenderloin sandwich. The staff is always nice of course. I'm not an ice cream person but I would occasionally enjoy their turtle. Why would you ever want to go to Mcdonalds or other fastfood places if you have Culver's?
Real Wisconsin Frozen Custard is an excellent treat and this is pretty good as far as WI custard is concerned.  (Not the best in the state, mind you, but good.)  
The prices have gone up a little faster than the quality or quantity over the past few years though so, while it is good custard, I don't feel that it is justified UNLESS the flavor of the day is something you just cannot pass-up.  
The nearly ubiquitous Culver's also have good frozen custard and flavors of the day... and the prices at Culver's are more reasonable.  (Sorry Michael's, but you charge WAY too much for a simple hot fudge custard sundae!)
The custard is average, the food is greasy, the place looks like a herd of elephants ran through it.... oh, and the customer service is BAD.  Gets a major "skip it" rating from me.
This is sort of a cute wayside ice cream stand but the food is less than average and the ice cream is ok.  I haven't been there in over 10 years.  what does that say?
We came here to eat late at night when all the power in the neighborhood went out because of a storm and somehow this part of town didnt get effected. As a reminder, this is my first time at a Michael's Frozen Custard. I was not at all impressed by the food or the dessert. The burger was greasy and much smaller and wimpier compared to the pictures. The custard was nothing out of the ordinary. The one star here is for the shake that my boyfriend got. I took a sip of it and it was delicious. I would not come to this place again simply because for the price I paid for it, it was not worth it. If i want to pay this high price, i expect better burgers and ice cream, especially if this is their specialty.
Tried to get into Culver's but the dining room, drive-through and parking lot were jammed.  2 people in Michael's, no cars in drive-through.  Ice cream was hard, sundae otherwise great.  Hot food is of very low quality, and ridiculously expensive. 
Service prompt, impersonal.
I've been to Verona a few times now and always sing the praises of Michaels.  The burgers and hot dogs are just what you'd expect from a place like this and the custard is outstanding and there are plenty of flavors to choose from. My favorite is the caramel and cashew.  It is a nice place to stop by and just a short walk from my hotel.
I've been here 4 times within the last year.  The "customer service" is atrocious - it's a bunch of high school kids with horrible attitudes that couldn't give a rat's ass as to what you receive or how you receive it.  Never mind the fact that you're paying a "premium" to shop at Michael's - you'll be treated as though you were buying food/custard from a subpar place.

The food is laughable.  Greasy, small portions, and horribly over priced when you factor in the value and service.

Looking for "custard"?  Look elsewhere.  The stuff here is rock hard when compared to what one might expect from a creamy, smooth, uber-sweet traditional frozen custard.  You'll be better served hitting the nearby gas station for a pint of deep-frozen Blue Bell.  And you'll save a few bucks while suffering much less attitude from the punks that work here.

Looking for a "premium sundae?"  HA!

We've ordered the "P.B. Fudge Cake" sundae on three occasions.  What would you expect from the "Peanut Butter Fudge Cake Sundae?"  Do you envision layers of creamy custard with ribbons of peanut butter and fudge, and maybe a hint of fresh baked cake?

Well... sorry.  What you'll get is a scoop of hard-packed chocolate ice cream, a splat of luke-warm pre-made "fudge" sauce, and a straight-from-the-wrapper Little Debbie-like "brownie" thingy.  And it's only $5!!


I'm not a fan.
I grew up in Chicago but it dawned on me the other day that after almost ten years in Wisconsin I am getting a bit too comfortable in these frozen climes.

I'm practically married to a local girl, I have a ton of favorite Wisconsin institutions, and I'm pretty well established at a job for a Milwaukee company.  None of these things concerned me though.  What really left me wondering if I need to make a run for the border was when I was sitting eating custard at Michael's in Madison and thinking that I could easily make a list of five places off the top of my head with better custard.

How scary is that?  A custard connoisseur.  I disgust myself.

BUT I DIGRESS.

Michael's is not very good.  The burgers, while being billed as "BIG", are hardly that.  The buns are certainly huge.  The burgers are standard size.  The fries are weak and not very good.  The service, as someone else said, are bored and apathetic high-school kids.  And it isn't cheap.

I've had a ton of good casual dining experiences in Madison but we won't be back to Michaels.
Is it worth going to Michael's?  It depends on what you're going for.  The frozen custard is pretty good, at least to my not-originally-from-Wisconsin palate.  Make it into one of the many shakes, and it's hard not to be satisfied.  The only downside is the shakes are somewhat expensive, which means it's more of an occasional treat than a go-to for custard.

But the main food isn't so good.  It's probably why they decided to put frozen custard in the name.  The burgers are rather wimpy, and no better than what you'd get at Wendy's.  The hot dogs aren't bad, but like most hot dogs at restaurants, are expensive for a hot dog.  The cheese curds are comparable to Culver's, which is to say not very good in Madison.  The sweet potato fries are the bright spot on the food side of the menu.

I still get the food occasionally for a quick burger, as I might as well support a local place occasionally, and I prefer it to Culver's and McDonald's.  And if you get the daily $5 special, it's actually a pretty good price, too, especially since that includes the bottled sodas and not just a fountain one.  But the food was tempting me to give it a 2-star review, and it was only the frozen custard and local aspect that earned it three.
After a night eating at the Great Dane Pub and restaurant, I wanted to enrich my sweet tooth by going to Cold Stone Creamery. Being that they had closed at 9pm on a Monday night, I was hard pressed to find a comparable place until my Wisconsin Fitchburg friend recommended Michael's Frozen Yogurt versus Culver's since it was further away on the Beltway. The prices here were kind of high, but I rolled with the punches, as I was on vacation and made the most of it. Michael's Frozen Yogurt is located within a shopping mall, that's pretty much anchored by Great Dane Pub. I believe this shopping mall is called Hatchery Hill, since the main thoroughfare was  Fish Hatchery Road in Verona.

We were here at about 9:30pm and it was relatively empty. There was 2 high school dudes working the counter that night. They looked professional as they waited for us to order. My friend ordered a sundae, whereas her husband had ordered a chocolate malt. I looked at the board and compared a waffle cone versus a take home pint, where you can get more ice cream for the price. And so,  I did just that. I ended up eating the entire carton of chocolate ice cream about an hour later. It was pretty darn good, considering I was carb reloading from my marathon in Kentucky just days ago.

I thought this place was as decent as Cold Stone Creamery, but its not real ice cream, just frozen yogurt posing as ice cream. Still just as good though. The store itself was small, like Baskin Robbins or a TCBY's, with 3 tables for customer seating. They accept cash and credit cards, so I ended up treating my friend and her husband since they got dinner for me at the Great Dane, so it all events out. :-) I would recommend this place to ice cream lovers and those who fantasize about it almost constantly. It's really good, but I wouldn't give up Cold Stone Creamery just yet. Still this place is a top 5 favorite. Plenty of parking here, as we arrived and left close to 10pm. Pretty cool that these shops close at 10pm, so we can have a quick bite before returning home. Overall, it was a good choice to spend my $$, since I was on vacation and needed something sweet. If I was local, I probably wouldn't come here for my ice cream needs.

Support local!

B
wow, i'm surprised no one's written on michael's yet! this is the place for frozen custard. i can say this because i'll eat there anytime regardless of the fact that i'm lactose intolerant. it's THAT good. especially the turtle sundae. i always ask for extra peanut butter sauce, because O. MY. GOSH. it's delicious. 

best in the summer when you can sit outside. 

AND it's in an especially safe neighborhood, what with all the street-crossing flags now.
Ok, so I've only been here twice (once at the Monroe location and the second time at the Atwood location) and OMG I'm totally in LOVE with their specialty sundae: Michael's Signature TURTLE with rich, thick, creamy vanilla custard ice cream (I don't think I've ever had custard ice cream before and now no other ice cream can compare well, except for Mitchell's Mango ice cream in SF - sorry I'm digressing here, let me finish with the rest of the TURTLE ingredients..), fresh roasted SALTED pecans, hot fudge and caramel!!!!!!  Sweet, salty, crunchy, creamy, chocolatey, caramely (is that a word?) all create the perfect combination of a sundae, for me at least.  It's absolutely fabulous!  Each time I've had this masterpiece, I've totally zoned out and gone to another world - I'm serious.  I have to say I haven't had any of their burgers, etc.  I may have to give it a try next time and make it a gluttenous affair..

http://www.ilovemichaels.com/speciality_sundaes_2.asp
Micheals is good stuff. This is excellent custard. Flavorful, smooth, rich. When I judge custard I try to look past the flavors of the day, the novelty sundaes, the toppings, and zero in on the taste and flavor of plain ol' vanilla. If the vanilla is good, then the custard is good. Micheals' has excellent vanilla. Micheals is, therefore, excellent custard.
I've probably been here more than I should.  I like greasy, juicy burgers and fries.  I always get the California burger.  And their custard...it's rich and smooth and each spoonful is a little bite of heaven.  To each his own, and you'll just have to see what's on the menu that appeals to you, but I'd guarantee your satisfaction.  If I grew up in Madison, this would be a great high school date...wait, do kids still do that?  I was kind of a dork and it's not likely I'd be with a boy in the backseat of his car.  Still, I do see a lot of couples stop by and grab a seat in the lot on the table under the umbrella--obviously a great place to stop for ice cream coming home from a movie.
Ahhh, Wisconsin.

The home of cheese, beer, and brats.  

If you can't have a good time in a state that specializes in those three things, you need to move to whatever communist country you came from.

Sorry about the communist blast but I am currently in a land where every car is made in the USA, where farms grow corn for fuel rather than food (sorry Africa), and patriotic country music reigns supreme.  

I am also in a land where everyone can be seen wearing flip flops, Abercrombie cargo shorts (some muted earth tone color no less), a Hollister tshirt with a USA or AMERICA or HOLLISTER logo (uniquely American apparel proudly brought courtesy of China), and an American Eagle torn hat.

Nothing against it, it just gets a little repetitive.  

So after having my fill of brats and PBR tallboys, I decided to round up the troops, and get some of this frozen custard they talk about.  

Apparently it's made like ice cream but with eggs and a slightly different process.  

However it's made, it's damn good. 

On a texture scale, I would put it in between ice cream and gelato.  

Poultry.
If I lived near here, I would weigh 300 pounds.  My husband wants to bring Michael's to California.  We stop here on our way from the airport.  We spent a significant part of Sunday evening looking for a place to buy Michael's custard (they sell it a Cub's - who knew?).  
Anyway,  this location is terrific because in addition to CHERRY SODA (God's gift to Wisconsin, made with "real Door County cherry juice"), you can sneak through the parking lot of the bar next door to a great little playground.  Ok, it's not like you're climbing over dumpsters, it's just through the parking lot.  And from there it's a straight shot to the Knickerbocker park (don't know the official name) on Lake Wingra with boat rentals and fishing docks.
But back to Michael's.  Brat basket - yum.  Chicago dog - YUM!  Milk shakes - Yum!  Cherry Soda - OMG YUM!  Wait, no sundaes?  Crap, we'll have to stop on our way to the airport.  That will make 3 stops in one week - not counting the time they were closed.
I was so sad when my kid's size vanilla frozen custard was gone. I scraped the bowl to get every drop of tasty the nectar. It was absolutely amazing. It was unlike anything I've ever had. It tasted something like soft serve ice cream, but richer with more of an 'egg'/'custard' taste (go figure! ha!). 

If only I had bought a larger cup... But with the prices, I don't know if I could have afforded anything bigger!
In Madison I took up running.  Mainly because if I didn't, I would weigh at least double my current weight.  I ate too much cheese (fried cheese curds I miss you, and fresh cheese curds too), too many butter burgers (I love you Culvers), brats, and of course TOO MUCH FROZEN CUSTARD.  For those of you who have somehow missed the amazing delight that is frozen custard, I feel so sorry for you.  Your life is not complete.    

On my way home from work, I passed Michael's each day, and always looked with affection.  Most days I checked the website to see what the flavors were, so I knew if I would be pulling in or driving past.  Flavors of the day ranged from Doubleberry, Elephant Trax, Bavarian Thin Mint, Death by Chocolate, Peppermint, Pumpkin, Chocolate & Peanut Butter...the list goes on and on.  Regular flavors are great too.  Frozen Custard is just plain better than any ice cream I have ever had.  It's creamier, thicker, smoother.  

At first I thought Michael's was really only about the custard, but then I tried a burger.  It was greasy, juicy, yummy, just how I like them.  And of course, you MUST get the Cherry Soda.  It's SO good.  Go here.  It's so worth a long run or many hours at the gym.
Frozen custard is just another reason why I don't think I can spend the rest of my life in CA - there isn't any here.  I miss it!  Michael's or Culver's, it's just so delicious.
Michael's is a necessary stop when biking around Lake Monona. I have always gone with a simple scoop of chocolate custard, or the turtle sundae. I like that you can buy pints of the stuff, too.  Ahhh, so good. Gotta love a summer day filled with biking, the lake, the sun, and some damn fine custard!

Lovely frozen custard. Lots of outdoor tables (albeit a bit sticky), and plenty of bike racks.
Very good food and very good custard.  My dog enjoys the K-9 Custard they have, which is an added bonus.
This is as good as frozen custard gets, and I've travelled a lot.  I grew up going to school at Edgewood, just up the hill from here.  I have fond memories of frozen custard after playing in the park along the lakeside.  A nice stop to add to this is Pasquel's, right across the street.  Let the frozen custard temper the hot sauce of the it's tex-mex.
Perhaps it's just that we only went there for the custard, and it was raining.  That's the only way I can understand the multiple 5-star ratings here after our experience. There was standing water in the back half of the rather cramped dining area. I was appalled by the prices, which I had to contort myself to read from the board above the cash register. You can only order huge cones at a very premium price. The cones were total mess - they looked sloppy, and they lived up to their looks. We had custard everywhere. It tasted very good, but the food looked horrible, the prices were pretty high, and the place was kind of gross.
Michael's Frozen Custard is ok for custard, although the prices are substantially higher than Culver's and the quality is almost exactly the same.  I do like the concept of doggie ice cream, and Ms. Pooch adores it, but at $3+ for a cup of no-sugar ice cream, it's not exactly going to make its way onto our 'regular treat' listing.  Food's OK, not spectacular, and again, their pricing structure is wacky.
Delicious frozen custard and great outdoor atmosphere! Two spoons up!
W O W !!!!!!!!!!  Everything about this resturant is great. The custard is the best ever, food terrific and the resturant and bathrooms are spotless.  I hear that they pay well above industry average so their employees are happy and do a good job.  It shows.
It's a fun little place to be on a sunny day. The custard is good and you can take it over to WIngra park and doubly enjoy it. Ate a hot dog there once, ONCE, and it was pretty bad.  All in all, not such a bad place to be on a summer's day...
Let me begin by saying I am a native of Madison and have been a lifelong lover of Michael's since it opened in 1986.  Let me also state that my rating is partly a protest vote against the asinine dance music that is incessantly  blared at the Monroe St. location.  The music has become so annoying I am struggling to bring myself to enjoy stopping by any longer.  I've asked the employees why it's played and I'm told "it's the owner's iPod" and that the employees basically can't do anything about it.  

That said, let's get to business:
Michael's is Madison's local independent custard joint.  It's been around since the 1980s and has a solid history in the Monroe Street neighborhood where this location is located.  As far as frozen custard goes, Michael's is pretty good but it's just not what it once was.  Even I have to admit that rapidly expanding, yet Wisconsin based Culver's offers better custard today.  I've returned to Madison from Los Angeles for a couple weeks every summer for about 10 years and Michael's has gradually lost a lot of its appeal.

The Custard:  It's not as creamy as it once was but the real problem is that the flavors are losing creativity and failing to come together as they once did.  Case in point: my wife's Mint Chip had no chips tonight while another patron's was overflowing with chocolate chips.  The quality control is not there.  The texture is lacking the creaminess so important in good custard.  And the flavors rarely have fresh berries - a sign that the custard is just not made fresh like it once was.  

The employees were once local teenagers, usually West High Students or Edgewood High students that looked like they were having fun and engaging the customers.  Today, employees are disengaged and give you the impression they're just going through the motions.  They do the job...but that's it.  

The store itself is reasonably clean but it's the details that count.  The fluorescent lights are covered in bugs and spider webs, the parking lot is deteriorating, and the store basically needs some investment (bathrooms, lighting, landscaping etc...)

This takes me to my final point: the Music.  It drives my totally crazy.  Why is a Frozen Custard stand in Madison Wisconsin that is covered in kitschy 1950'sesque dcor blaring club music every time I go there (this has been a constant for several years now)?  If the custard was perfect and the customer service impeccable, fine, I'll live with it.  But Michael's is a restaurant that has disengaged ownership and functions as a conveyor belt of cash to the owner's pocket.  It's the worst kind of independent retail: retail that doesn't care about customers because they'll keep coming back.  In the end it's sad to admit as a proud Madisonian that my Milwaukee friends are correct:  Kopp's is better.  Oh how I miss what you once were Michael's Frozen Custard.
Came here because of a tip from gf's cousin. While the custard is pretty good, I've had better at a lot of other places. Will have to take the cousin to some of the other places...

Did like how you can walk through a gate and access the beautiful park behind the shop.
Very pricey, but good.  Not worth the price, unless for a special occasion.  I like that they are local, but have not had the greatest service.  Also, the K9 Custard should be on the menu and not just on the sliding glass door when you already order.  Good to check out once, but not often.
Awesome custard.
I was born and raised in Madison WI (currently live in CA) and most of the bad reviews ive read on here about Michaels are from out of towners.  Any true Madisonian knows that Michaels Frozen Custard is the tits.  Its blocks from Camp Randall and downtown Madison, theres tons of shops in the immediate vicinity and Vilas Park is literally right behind the store so its almost impossible to be in the area and NOT enjoy the custard or the food on any given day.  Its custard people, lighten up and as far as im concerned its equal to if not better than Culvers.  Plenty of options and toppings to satisfy whatever taste you may have and the sundaes are awesome as well.  And dont complain about the food, they specialize in ice cream and still the burgers are pretty damn good, a little greasy (and i do mean a little) but thats what makes them so delicious especially with fries/onion rings and a chocolate malt on the side.  Ive been looking in CA for a good burger/shake joint and so far Michaels blows them all out of the water.  Not to mention the cheese curds are great too. They arent claiming to be a gormet custard joint by any means...it is what it is (ice cream, burgers and hot dogs...cant get any better in my opinion) and its still excellent, simple and delicious.  Michaels is a Madison staple that hasnt changed for as long as i can remember (im 22) and thats what makes it great, they still have the trademark red and white umbrellas out front and the inside was remodeled while the exterior has kept its nostalgia.  Take Michaels for what it is, a local staple that has good custard and good food in a nice area...thats really all that needs to be said.
Michael's is my favorite dessert-type stop in Madison. You see ice cream, gelato, sorbet, and frozen yogurt all over the place. But frozen custard is a superior breed of dairy goodness.

I never get tired of Michael's custard. They offer many mixes and flavors, and each one can quench your cravings. It's pricier than ice cream, but that's because, again, frozen custard is superior.
So good!  $5.00 for a huge burger with fries and a can of soda.  Can't beat that even at the chains.  These burgers are really good, too!
Michael's has good custard however the customer service is extremely lacking (at the Whitney Way store anyway). I had such a bad experience that I will never go back.  And, since this is Madison with other great custard choices (like Culver's), I know I won't be missing anything.
Love this place.  He has multiple locations around madison and Monona.... give him your business.  You will be coming back for more!  Pumpkin shakes for fall are delicious!
My nephew who lives in Madison LOVES this place so we keep going but I have to say that other than sitting outside, I don't get the appeal. The flavor options are incredibly boring- every time we go there it's just chocolate and vanilla and then a "guest" flavor (on Monday it was Espresso). The people who work there are not very friendly or welcoming and generally don't have a grasp of the English language. On top of it, I'm not at all clear what kind of ingredients are being used. If my raspberry shake was in any way natural, I'd be surprised. There were no seeds at all (usually a good sign of authenticity) and it tasted a bit chemical. Is the milk hormone-free? I don't know. That said, it's a cute little place that attracts people of all ages and on this most recent visit, we learned about K-9 Custard, which our dog absolutely devoured (it's $2.75, so make sure yours is hungry!). Anyway, I wish I could give more stars but I have to be truthful- I have had much tastier and interesting ice cream/gelato experiences than this custard stand offers.
This review is limited to our experience getting custard here as we got no other food.  The place is a good, typical old frozen custard shack as seen in this region, the custard we had was certainly good but, aside from being limited in flavours it lacked in character and especially texture when compared to all other custard places I've been to like Leon's in Milwaukee, Ted Drewes in St. Louis, or Culver's.  I  particularly put strong emphasis on texture when judging my ice cream or frozen custard and this custard seemed to have a weaker, less creamy texture that was less like what I expect frozen custard to be like.  That said, it was still enjoyable, perhaps because I inherently love frozen custard.  Service also seemed a bit cold and unhelpful, but not actually bad.
I was looking for frozen yogurt, but tired of driving so my husband and I stopped here for something sweet.  What we ordered turned out to be REALLY sweet!  I'm not sure what my husband ordered, but it was blue.  It tasted good, but he had a hard time finishing the whole thing.  I had a regular ole sundae with hot fudge and frozen custard.  Again, really sweet!  I think next time I will stick to a regular cone and keep it simple...or actually find a froyo place :)
This might be the best use of fat since the invention of bacon.
This was our first visit.  It was overpriced,  understaffed and the tables outside were sticky.
Try to get the custard right as it's coming out of the machines. Get the vanilla. Plain. With maybe a few pecans or cashews. I worked there in high school and gained 10 pounds per month drinking sprinkles on rainy days with my buddy Jessie in the walk in cooler. You're welcome.
Simple yet delicious burgers.
I think they might have run out of salt while I was there. Both the burger and the fries were terribly under seasoned and bland. Certainly not worth the $6 that I paid. Also my malt didn't have nearly enough malt powder in it, but that may just be a matter of personal preference.

Other than that, the burger had a really great sear, with lots of crispy bits, and the old-timey theme was cute.

I think my boyfriend and I might return just to try the custard, but doubt we will be getting any more food.
I don't know why I came back to try it again, but I was extremely disappointed with Michael's custard. The flavor wasn't as good as Culver's or even your basic Ben and Jerry's, and they don't even have real cookie dough. The prices are also incredibly expensive for the quality/quantity. I didn't enjoy it, and would recommend you go elsewhere for frozen custard.
Just happened to be walking down the street and stopped for a frozen custard. It was okay, portion size was good, just nothing amazing about it.
I could give them a five star for taste, but the price is just terrible. Their frozen yogurt is just so good. Sometimes their burgers are on the dry side. They definitely have the best fried cheese curds around. Any time I have a craving this is the place I go to.
this place is decent at best.
i think it's probably good at what it does, but it's nothing i would write home about.  and i DEFINITELY write home about good food.

they have a culver's style menu specializing in fried chicken, burgers, and similar fare.  we stopped here one day after disc golfing at elver due to convenience factor. .. and because they had both ice cream and burgers -- 2 things that people in our group were craving.

service was good.  food arrival was kind of slow for us being the only ones in the restaurant.. but maybe that was 'cuz i was super hungry.  

i got the mozzarella sticks which were edible, but again, nothing to rave about.  i also got the ice cream with chocolate swirls and tiny reese's-like peanut butter chocolate chunks in it.  it was alright but i feel like it needed more peanut butter and the chunks should've been more melt-in-your-mouth.

probably a good late-night eatery.  or a i-need-a-burger-and-i-need-it-now place.  but nothing awesome.
I stopped in on a rainy afternoon. My arthritis was flaring up really bad because of the humidity. We were all hungry so we turned onto Main st and end spotted Griff's and gave it a try.
      I was disappointed they wouldn't let me use my own teapot that I came in with, but there tea was pretty decent. My waitress was at least 350 lbs but she had a warm smile.  I was pretty hungry but I only had enough for a muffin. We sat inside for around 5 hours until the rain let up - I drank a lot of tea lol
Got me an Oreo Cheesequake Blizzard & it was great!  It's also buy 1 blizzard at reg price & get the 2nd of = or lesser value for .99!

As for the store experience... Typical chain. Ya know what to expect. They were courteous & pretty quick.
Though I would "sneak" an occasional cone at Mickey's or a hi-brow gelato now and then, or more frequently rationalize a frozen yogurt, post-middle aged expansion of the mid-section discouraged me from returning to DQ, THE original frozen dessert-centric franchise.  It's been too long: DQ is still the queen and king of soft-serve ice cream (or ice milk, as may be proper).  

While I haven't tried the sandwiches in years (they used to have a killer BBQ sandwich), ice cream desserts still reign supreme at the Dairy Queen. From simple cones to sundaes, to shakes, banana splits, ice cream cakes, to the trademark "Blizzard" with mix-ins, DQ is still the dominatrix of frozen dairy delight. 

On this day I succumbed to the  call of the Blizzard , a thick soft-serve slurry of ice cream with mix-ins blended in, the obvious inspiration for McDonald's "Flurry", and I don't regret the indulgence (if I can now just keep my freshly requited passions under control). As I was mulling my choices the friendly counter help offered me a suggestion I hadn't noted on the menu, the combination known as "the cookie jar", a blend of cookie dough and crushed Oreo. I think I love you. 

I decided to sit and savor and watch the insane 5 o'clock traffic on West Camelback go by. A family of 3 were the only other customers enjoying the cool of the smallish seating area, though there appeared to be steady business at the drive-thru. I suffered a moment of banana envy as they brought those picture-perfect banana splits to their table: three smooth, gleaming rounded minarets of vanilla, complete with the DQ curl on top, each topped with the venerable toppings of my memory from  DQ back home: strawberry, chocolate syrup , and the third  perhaps pineapple. (I'll finish page 2 of that sentence another time.)

This is a small, older DQ, set close to the road  on a moderately drab section of West Camelback, just off the 17 that undoubtedly was widened to take up a good bit of space out front.  The walk-up counter is small and your field of vision is crowded with menus and color posters and pictures of most every cold comfort you've ever known and probably more, including a bright-colored free-standing sign announcing that DQ now serves Orange Julius smoothies.  The dining area is small, but not cramped, a tad worn-looking but clean. Every table is spotless and there's no trash on the floor.  Both young women working the counter and drive-thru were pleasant, offered genuine smiles,  were courteous, competent on the register,  and quick on service. A return trip will be required to report on the restroom. That's my ticket anyway.
Yes Dairy Queen ,an American Favorite. Everyone loves DQ!
 Though over the years the lce Cream has changed, but what has not.
It is a cheap place to go , to get some old time fav's!
The Dilly bars and Buster Bars are still around and still pretty good.
Though I would like a little more fudge on it.
The place is very clean and the staff friendly and helpful.
So very much worth a stop in.
With Wedndesday night being my family's late night, DQ has become our "go to" place once or twice a month.  The girls here have become accustomed to my order and seems to think its funny to NOT put the little extra that I pay for.  

Disspointed when we got home, one can't exactly check the bag after you pull out onto Camelback and turn around.  Not only do they not give me what I pay for but they give me less than the product requires.  Twice a month these girls rip me off; Lord knows how many others they do this to.  These girls deserve to loose their jobs.  I've had enough.  

In my 20 years in the food industry, I rarely complain but felt a call to the manager was warranted.  Managment was very understanding and apologetic and am  I'm giving the store 4 stars but these night shift girls get a big fat zero stars from me.

Overall, I still love DQ.
When you want DQ, you want DQ, so something must really be bad to sway you from going.  That said, I definitely bring some notes to study when I go because you can guarantee a wait in the drive through.  I've been there 4 or 5 times now and every time it is the same situation -  one time the machine broke, tonight it looked like someone was training, or just a lot of cars (can't fault them for that now!).   I will say this though, the last couple times I was there the girl at least apologized for the wait, so that makes it all good in my book.   At least some of the newer generation has some awareness and good courtesy.
went to drive thru, Smh. Horrible customer service. The girl made a rude comment after I changed the size of my blizzard. So rude!!! If you don't like your job. LEAVEEEE!
Went there with my kids on a hot day. As we pull up to the menu, you can barley understand the person speaking with you and when the repeat the order I had to say what 3 times. We got to the window and she asks for my card, then she starts our order. She hands me two ice cream cones with napkins and I hand them to my kids. She tries to hand me one more and I said I only ordered 2. She argued with me and said she repeated the order. I refused to argue with her and I just waited in my car while everyone went on with what they were doing. She didn't say anything to me and just stared at the computer. I am a server and I understand miscommunication, but to do nothing about it or say sorry or something is rude and I will never go there again. It's horrible to think that people just want to be rude.
Now, I am not much to write about chain fast food restaurants, but I felt that I should give a shout out to the Saturday night crew. I pulled up and they were busy in the drive through. The girl taking orders was fast, very courteous, and offered extra fixings on something I didn't actually know you could get extras on. When I pulled up to the window I was greeted by 2 different people which is rare, sometimes at fast food joints you can barely get a total out of the person at the window. I watched how they were operating as a team and having worked in fast food before, I found it to be a well oiled machine. When you're scored on every second of a transaction, that counts. Props to the girls working on the floor that night. And my ice cream was good too :)
OK taking the fam out for ice cream on a saturday afternoon to a real live ice cream parlor seems like a great idea in theory but...

Lets take a few steps back.  This Swensen's has been at this location ever since I can remember, 28th drive and Peoria and oh how I love my ghetto MetroCenter Area, MCA fo life y'all.

But just like the area is going to hell so are some of the businesses.  Our waiter was a young lad, likeable enough but had way too many things to do to really give great service.  He was waiting and bissing tables when then saw him behind the counter slangin sundaes.

Now my shit was good, some kind of candy bar sundae.  But I asked for chocolate ice cream instead of the vanilla and got, you guessed it vanilla.  We had waited so long for it that I finally just said fug it.  I'm eating vanilla.  They also gipped me on the sweet swensens wafer cookie and that is some low down shit.

My wife had a wuss bag simple sundae(she cant hang with the big boys).  My 16 year old had a super chocolate sundae and my 2 year old, well she had a scrary clown deal.  We all like the ice cream.  The vibe and service just wasnt to par.

Grand total for an afternoon of ice cream with the fam w/tip - $29.00 buckaroos frenz.  Now that is some insane dinero for metrocenter grindage....
Ice cream was good and places like this is hard to find. Usually places just serve plain ice cream but this ice cream was really good. 

I'd recommend this to everyone although it's a bit pricey for Ice Cream.
Many years ago I worked at a Swensen's in California . I was thrilled to have such a fun job scooping ice cream. The memories of those days has made me crave my favorite ice cream flavor  Chocolate Peanut Butter, a flavor that used to be my rich sweet special ice cream treat friend. Well yesterday I surprised the kids with a trip to Swensens I actually thought it was closed for some reason.  
The place reminds me a lot of the place I worked at same oaky dark brown wood, marble tables , many of the same flavors of ice cream. They stil have loads of rich toppings and combination of flavors  . 
The bummer is the flavor did not have the butterfat flavor of Swensen's of old. It was tasty , it was good but not earth shaking, and I like my treats earth shakingly good. 
It is a quaint place , good for taking grandma out for an old fashioned sundae, kids out for ice cream after eighth grade graduation  or stopping for a treat with your kids.
It's just not the same as it was when I was a kid. If you're going because it used to be great, don't bother seeking it out again.
Since when did Swensens start sucking, or has it always and I just had lower standards in high school? 

So the hubs and I dropped off the pup over at Petsmart to be groomed and want to grab a quick bite. We see Swensens and both get excited as neither of us have been there since high school. 

We walk in and are seated promptly. Our waiter was friendly and quick. 

We both ordered a burger & fries and we split a malt. 

The burger were pretty sad. You can tell they are not fresh and that they come from a freezer, the patties were pretty rubbery. We both order burgers that came on sourdough bread grilled in a garlic butter and Parmesan cheese spread. The bread was boarder line burned/unedible. Not grilled at all,but charred and black. The fries were decent. 

The malt was tasty. But nothing show stopping. 

Swensens is probably good for ice cream and that's it. I wouldn't go here for a meal ever again.
I have such good memories of Swensen's... we used to go there when I was a little kid. Anyway, so the BF, his family, and I went here for ice cream tonight for his mom's birthday. It was ok. I remember it being better. We got a banana split and it was good but lacking some flavor. All the ice cream and toppings were more watery than I remember. Of course it was still good....just nothing special. His mom got a caramel brownie sundae that was pretty tasty and his dad got a bonanza sundae which looked good. The service was a little slow, but fine. The prices there are really high.... especially for mediocre quality ice cream. I just wish it was like it was when I was a little kid. *sigh.
Both my husband and I remember growing up with a Swensens, him in Hawaii and me in Ft. Worth area. So this weekend, we spent it in Phoenix and while driving around, found this place. Could this be, a ice cream pallor from our childhood? Looking around, there seemed to be very old decor with marble table tops and what looks like an old soda counter. There were stain glass lights above each booth, and black and white mosaic floor tiles. 

To top it off, a grandma and several of her young grand kids came in and took the booth behind us and as we eased dropped in, heard her telling the kids what this place was like when she came here after school. It seemed some of the booths and tables had been arranged differently but overall, she stated it was the same. Of course prices were a bit different. 

I got the "Old fashion black and white sunday", vanilla and chocolate ice cream with a layer of carmel, whip cream and a cherry on top. My husband got a Sunday and we both had water. The bill was $13! Seems a bit pricey for ice cream, I guess it was the nostalgia that cost us!
Growing up with this place brings back a lot of memories. The ice cream is incredible especially the sticky chewy chocolate that I have yet to get away from for the past 20 years.

The place has not changed one bit, seriously. I think it can use an upgrade, even a change to the menus...they feel like they have 20 years of dirt on them.

However I love this place and try to make it out there at least 1 a month.
It was a decent experience.  The kids and I had just finished 7 hours of rides at Castles N Coasters and were thirsty and starving.  We started driving north around the Metro Center Circle.  The first contender for dinner was Olive Garden.  I pulled in and saw the groups of people waiting to be seated with pagers.  We had no time to wait.  We kept driving and saw Swensen's.

The place was almost empty.  I ordered the veggie burger and it was decent.  My girls shared the chicken strips and hated them.  They had big chunks of pepper in them and it was to spicy of a flavor for them.  When I told the waitress her response was that they are not spicy and everyone loves them.  I thought that odd and she never offered to remove them from the bill even though no one ate them.  I don't remember what my son ate- possibly a hamburger.  

The highlight of the meal of course was the dessert.  The huge sundaes were DELICIOUS.  The bill was $38... one adult meal with drink, two kids meals, one premium sundae and one scoop sundae.  I think that is pricey.
Took my daughter for her third birthday.  Our server Aida got our entire order wrong. Then she refused to use the coupon we brought because she said that it couldn't be used and the coupon clearly didn't have any stipulations and wasn't expired.  To top it off we asked for the one scoop of ice cream for my daughter because it was her birthday.  The server again refused to give the one scoop of ice cream to my daughter because I couldn't show proof that it was really her birthday. I guess I'll have to start carrying my kids birth certificate if I want to get anything at this place.

I spoke tosomeone I thought was at a higher level than this Aida and he let me know that this was an on going issue with this server.  Turns out that this Aida is the owner.  Good luck with your business sense!

NEVER AGAIN will I go back to this restaurant.
I am sad to see how much this place has gone downhill. My wife and I have gone here for sandwiches, burgers and ice cream for the past 15 years and so when we wanted to grab a quick lunch after church today, we thought, lets stop in, get a bite and follow it with a quick sundae for us and the kids.

One good thing is that sometime since we were last there, they've opened up the floor plan and the room seems bigger. They've also added a few flat screen televisions on the walls so I was able to to keep an eye on the D-Backs game.

However, I noticed initially that the prices seemed higher and my wife realized that they had just put stickers on the menus to cover the old prices and list the new ones. In general, it appears all menu items have gone up around 40%, which is a pretty steep jump.

As for the food, the kids had a hamburger and chicken fingers, which is hard to screw up. My wife had an El Dorado which is turkey, cheddar and bacon in the parmesan crusted bread. One of my favorites has always been the grilled cheeses sandwich which is several types of cheese on the parmesan crusted bread. I noticed today that you could order this with bacon and I thought, lets give it a try, so that is what I ordered. Unfortunately, when it came the only cheese seemed to be a slice of Velveeta with some bacon that was not even close to crispy. It was basically an overpriced croque monsieur which was not even close to what I ordered. 

Additionally, while service was not bad, it was just kind of lackadaisical. The servers wandered by every once in a while giving the perfunctory "how is everything" the first few times, and generally ignoring us after that. 

By the time we finished eating and after realizing that the classic parfaits were now $7.50 rather than the old $4.95 I was no longer even interested in ice cream. The kids had a scoop each, which I tasted and wasn't all that impressed, and then we headed out, likely not to return anytime soon.
I enjoyed my lunch here and I didn't even get around to the ice cream.  I ordered a cobb salad and a bowl of vegetable beef soup.  The vegetable beef soup was hearty and flavorful.  The ingredients in the cobb salad tasted fresh and the portion size was quite large.  They used some other type of cheese instead of the bleu cheese crumbles which was fine since I didn't even really notice.  Service was friendly and quick from start to finish.
Came here on Easter Sunday. I rate this place a 4 star. Wasnt blown away by the location, since its near the Metro Center mall.

I give the food 4 stars also. I ordered the BBQ burger and it was pretty good, My wife had the grilled avacado chili turkey melt, which was okay. The bread was good, but the rest of it lacked good flavor and enough avacados.

The ice cream is a 5 star rating. Its very tasty and very good quality.
the food here isn't very good. it hasn't been for quite a few years.

the service the last time i went was just terrible. i think the kid was new, but it really wasn't and excuse since she had maybe one other table. we were in there for more than two hours on a random saturday afternoon. we only ordered three meals and one ice cream.

we ordered the giant dessert, but asked for all the toppings on the side. i told the server i didn't eat chocolate. so she brought all the toppings on the side but mixed all the ice cream together in a huge dish. uh. three of the five were chocolate. i guess i need to spell that out more clearly next time.

on the plus side, the entertainment book has a coupon? i wouldn't go here if i planned to pay full price.
My mother and I just stopped in to check it out.  Neither of us had eaten here.  I loved that the menu was small and the food was fabulous.  We of coarse had a milkshake which was awesome!  I was pleasantly surprised, even the waitress was as sweet as their milkshakes.  
Very good experience
This place has been here forever and every few years I like to come in for dessert. I had the James Dean Sundae. Very good creamy ice cream and tasty Caramel. The waitress was pleasant and friendly enough. Didn't try any food as this really is a place for ice cream desserts with the feel of an old fashioned parlor. Beats Dairy Queen hands down for a few more $$$ and more relaxing than any of the chains like Cold Stone Creamery or B&R.
I have not eaten at a Swensen's in about 15 years and I was so excited to see it was still there. My husband had never eaten there so, I thought he should try it. I think the decor is the same as when I was last there except there are a few new giant holes in the booth seats. I decided to overlook that because they still had the Peanut Butter Cup ice cream on the menu and that is my absolute favorite ice cream ever. Most places have chocolate ice cream that they put peanut butter swirls into, but Swensen's has peanut butter ice cream with the chocolate swirled into it and for some reason that makes all the difference. They still offer that Classic Meal Deal for $9.99 that is a burger, fries, soda, and a small sundae and the Big Meal Deal  for $10.99 which you can get the same thing in the classic except the sundae is bigger. I really like that you can substitute chicken for the burger patty without an extra charge. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. The sundaes were super yummy.  We both left happy and satisfied I just wish they would fix up the furniture.
They are now out of business.
I was here last May and the ice cream is just as good as when I was 16 when I worked for Swensen's.  The staff was friendly and told us that the owner was opening up to 12 more locations even some in California.  When I got back home the paper had an article about the new Swensen's coming to California.  I have come here three years in a row and the service and food was always good.
I brought my mom and my 93-year-old grandmother out to Denny's for Thanksgiving.  We decided it would be the best idea for my grandma, as she is in a wheelchair.  We were seated immediately at a nice clean table, and we each ordered a turkey dinner, fittingly. 

I would have given this place 4 stars, as our waitress was super friendly and personable, but a couple things were a little off, especially on a holiday.  Our server didn't seem to know what type of side dishes or desserts were available that day; I sort of raised an eyebrow to this because, well, isn't that her job to know?  Second, she seemed too flustered to do anything efficiently, but she eventually got us our requested extra gravy and butter.  The food was excellent, I was rather impressed with how good their turkey and stuffing were, as well as the bread and potatoes.  The green beans were a little.... hard to chew, I guess.  They were tough, and that made it hard for my grandma to eat.

All in all, it was a good experience, and I'm glad I was able to spend it with my grandma.  I've been alive for 30 years, and this is the first Thanksgiving I've been able to spend with her.  I'm grateful we were able to go such a good restaurant and have a good time together.  Thanks Denny's!  Just remember, educate your employees about what food you have available!  :)
Smelled like pee, had tweekers standing outside looking like they couldn't wait to break into your car the minute you walked inside & no one noticed us or seated us so we left. Won't go back there ever again.
Walked in and smells like urine really bad. So we are going to a different Denny's
I've yet to have a truly bad experience here, but the food takes an Eternity, the staff seem to hate working there and frequently forget to come back to the table. we live right by this denny's, and yet when we do our denny's get-togethers (unlimited pancakes are one of the few pluses.) We would much rather drive the extra few miles to the one on country club and southern.
I will make a long story short, I ordered the build your own burger. I asked for a beef patty and the patty was literally falling apart. It was more like a ground beef nugget burger. Shake my head! I guess they thought that slapping some cheese on top would help keep all the pieces together...FAIL. From now on, I'll be making a drive all the way down to Stapley and Baseline for a les sub par Denny's experience.
Been coming here an average of once a week for overs year and got to know most of the staff and service is great! I'm treated very well and in the mornings after work I'm greeted with cheerful waiters eager to make my breakfast a great Denny's experience. Awesome customer service, I never had a problem with my order and this place is excellent in refilling my drink, will keep coming plus they proved free wifi for a geek tetchy gamer I am.
Great service. Great food and never ending sodas.
The customer service was really good at this location!  The waiter was on top of things and kept things really smooth!  We had a great experience here!  I was kind of disappointment that they are limited to when kids each free but overall it was rather good.
Went with a group of 8.  The hostess seemed nervous about finding a table for us and that process was a bit slow.  We were not told that kids eat free on Tuesday nights and that would have changed our order from the beginning.  Grilled cheese and french fries were good.
Awesome service and food!!! Massively above typical Denny's.  
great job management!!!
Stephanie (waitress) was extremely knowledgeable about the establishment and was kind enough to share the history with us. Apparently it was a burger joint that burned down. The burger joint was rebuilt as a diner. Denny's purchased it from the owner and turned it into a Denny's with a diner feel. 

Stephanie did check in on us, but the food took forever to arrive. 

The bathroom was not clean... Which is one of the reasons I dislike public restrooms. 

Overall, Stephanie was attentive and friendly. Food was okay but what do you expect from Denny's. ;-)
Who can resist the taste from childhood which sometimes calls to you at 9pm on a random week night? 

I like it simple: a chocolate or caramel dipped cone.  Yup, That's it.  Nothing fancy.

And how can you resist like 1 of the last horsey rides for 25 cents left on earth?  (Yes, it play High-Ho-Silver)  (I'm not sure who gets more joy, me or the child I put on it - or maybe i sorta try to sneak on it)
Dairy Queen is the Best!  It really doesn't matter which location you go to the ice cream is the same.  I love it!

This location however is one in a million in my eyes.  I had a grooms cake mishap with Let Them Eat Cake and the cake designer at this Dairy Queen location made the BEST cake ever!!  

She designed the best kickball ice cream cake in less than 48 hours.  Thank you so much for your awesome customer service!!  Everyone at my rehearsal dinner commented on how great the cake looked.
I grew up going to this DQ.  Still love all the flavors it has to offer.  However, they gone a little crazy with the 8, 150 Watt Energy-Efficient lightbulbs in the 10 square feet leading up to the cash registers.  I nearly had a seizure.  I LITERALLY put my hand above my eyes, making a mock visor, to shield my light-sensitive eyes from the intense glare!  The "cherry on top" if you will, was the adolescent employee who was all too moody about defending el sol when asked, "what's goin' on with the lights here"?  Seriously....how could she NOT NOTICE THE BRIGHTNESS OF THOSE LIGHTS?!?!?!?!

The cookie dough blizzard was excellent as always!  Minus the glare, it would have been a 5 star event

OH, one more thing.  No joking, we actually whipped out a camera and took a picture of us under the lights as it was all too funny to us!
While eating in the restaurant, I saw one of their employees yell at two customers (who looked to me like professional women) and refused to sell them the cake they had picked out.  I called to report this to a manager, and it turns out it was the owner who had thrown them out.  She said they had made a rude comment about her to an employee, but I didn't see that, just her coming out from the back with the cake, refusing to write on it or sell it to them.  She told them she didn't need their business.  Very strange!
People here are so mean especially the workers, when me and my boyfriend came here they were making fun of us cos we' re gay. I would never ever come back here anymore.
Fabulous service tonight and it was crowded!
This place was pretty tasty.  Not the best presentation of food, but it wasn't bad by any means.  I love DQ and I grew up on the ice cream.  Pretty decent experience.
You know how I feel about dirty bathrooms - this place gets 2 stars - nothing at this location was basically any better and yet the bathrooms were filthy. You can't mess up ice cream - so enough said. Don't go out of your way for ice cream if this is where you think you want to go.
Ugh, I am not a fan of Dairy Queen.  I came here a few nights when I was in AZ because my little sister wanted to go.  This place can be pretty entertaining for people watching, though.  Lots of kids showing up after sports games, and families that should NOT be going to Dairy Queen every night like they are.  Oh, America.
The service here was horrible. Homeboy was giving dirty looks and staring off at God knows what the entire time. I guess the kids behind counter were so preoccupied with how long the line was getting, they decided to quickly make my Mint Oreo blizzard crappie. So the outcome was more of your typical Oreo blizzard with random tastes of the mint flavored syrup. Yuck.
Ice cream was good. Extremely bad customer service! Made a big deal about giving me an extra to go cup. No offense but I really don't want to have to explain my reasoning behind getting a bigger cup to go. Stupid.
Have not been here in such a long time. Went there got such great ice cream. But the service there was horrid. The all seam to hate working there...
I really wasn't going to write a review on Dairy Queen but saw all these negative review of the customer service so I thought I should put my 2 cents in on this place. 

I came here after a long hot day at the park and I was hot and thirsty. I just needed something to cool myself off. So me and my son stopped off at DQ. I was surprised they were so busy on a Saturday at 2pm. Lots of people waiting in line. One thing I did notice is there were 5 guys working the counter. Looked like 3 high school kids and 2 older workers. 

My son ordered a strawberry smoothy and I just god a normal chocolate dipped vanilla cone. I had one of the high school kids helping me and he really got our order out really fast. I was pretty impressed. 

I can understand how some people could feel unhappy with service but these are high school kids. Give them a break and enjoy your refreshing ice cream. Everyone's happy once they eat their ice cream. 

The place seemed clean but I didn't use the restrooms so no comment on that. I had a refreshing cone that cooled me off without any service problems. Enjoy.
Listen. I understand that I'm reviewing a Dairy Queen so I shouldn't be expecting much in terms of service. But honestly, I really don't want to go back to this location because of the terrible way the employees deal with customers. 

I came here on a Friday night in February with my boyfriend. We were getting some ice cream for ourselves and to take to some people back home. The place was busy, yes, but there is no need to have 4 teenage kids working one shift while in reality only two are taking orders and making ice cream.. Anyhow. 

We first walked in and went to their frozen case to pick up a box of Dilly Bars. I picked one out of the box and walked to the counter so we could complete our order. While holding the box, I realized that there was some sticky sauce on the outside. I didn't even say anything to the employee, I just sat the box on the counter and wiped my hands with a napkin. Before I could place the order, he snatched the box away from me and told me to go get another one. He didn't offer that I could get another, he demanded. Awkwardly, I got another box and ordered an ice cream cone with sprinkles. Before we could tell him what else we wanted, he walked away and came back with the cone. We intended to order three more blizzards, but had to order them one at a time because we couldn't manage to get the order out without the guy rolling his eyes and slumping over to the ice cream machine to make a blizzard. Are you serious? Do you really not need any business? He seemed so annoyed that we kept adding items on to our order, but if he just stayed and listened to the whole thing he wouldn't have created more work for himself! Essentially he just made himself mad and took it out on us.. He even made sighs when we were asking for what we wanted. What a joke. I paid for our ice cream and left. Seriously terrible customer service. Of course the ice cream is good, but it's Dairy Queen so it's pretty universal whether you get it here or across the country. 

Just a note to the owners, there are a ton of people out there looking for jobs who won't jeopardize your business with poor attitudes. It's not that difficult to serve ice cream and chicken fingers. Come on.
Good ole DQ. Still has the Mr Misty Freeze.  Try one. I guess it is now on the secret menu.
This is a smaller DQ and I believe the menu is smaller as well. I can recall the last DQ I went to had a variety of food as well. This one only had hot dogs. But we were there for the ice cream so it didn't bother us. 

I've never been super impressed with DQ. They only have soft serve and only have chocolate and vanilla. They will make other flavors for you but they have to mix it in so you can only get it in a cup.
This is my first 1 star rating!  :(   I figured I would give this DQ/Orange Julius (both inside this location) near my work a shot. DQ in general must be the most overpriced place to go for fast-food considering the quality and quantity you receive (aside from the blizzards).  Jennifer T. is right about the fact that this specific location has a limited meal selection...I was hoping for a burger and ended up with a sandwich the size of the palm of my hand. To top it off I was charged for a large Orange Julius fruit Smoothy instead of a medium, and there was hardly any fruit in it, so it tasted like the syrupy orange sorbet base and not berries.  Although, I should note the server was friendly and the place was very clean. Unfortunately, I came for food and not the ambiance.  The highlight was the piece of bacon on my meager club sandwich.  I got a crappy smoothy and a tiny sandwich for ten dollars; I will not be back here ever.
DQ was my treat since I accompanied my wife at the nearby Dollar Tree store. The store was busy tonite. It took the employees awhile to acknowledge us and ring up the banana split with nuts. 

We were charged extra for nuts but didn't get them until we notified the workers behind the counter. They forgot the strawberries too. I'm not going to lose any sleep over the missing strawberries. My wife and I split the banana split, which was delicious. What's with those mini spoons? I felt like Gulliver eating from a spoon that was meant for one of those tiny Lilliputians.
THIS DQ is over-the -top, with their pricing.
I will never return to this location.

Hey, if you're craving a soft serve ..... go to the McDonalds, accross the street.
McD is a bargain, compared to this DQ.
I was craving a Blizzard sooooo bad and decided to feed my craving. They definitely always get my order right and they are quick and friendly. My only (2) complaint is that their menu is a bit small. I was kinda craving the chicken strip basket and they don't have that. I didn't know if its because its also an Orange Julius...?  Also, they don't have a drive thru. With that being said, I will return again if I'm craving my Blizzard.
The owners of this DQ are awesome and give excellent service!
Went here for an Orange Julius. It was $3.50 for a medium and it didn't have any ice in it. It wasn't cold at all and definitely wasn't worth the money.
I like the fact they are open late. I think the hours are incorrect on the page as they are open until 10:45p most nights. It is a smaller location, true. The only food on the menu is hot dogs, oddly enough.
Finally!!!!  A Dairy Queen that serves cherry dipped cones!  I'm really not one for sweets, but my favorite thing in the world when it comes to sweets is a cherry dipped cone from DQ.

When I was ten I moved to Southern California.  For the life of me we couldn't find a DQ anywhere.  One day we found one at a mall.  I was so excited to finally have a cherry dipped cone, but when I ordered it the person working there look at me like I was making it up.  

It was after that day I went on a crusade to find one around my town, and to no avail I could not.  It wasn't until I moved here that I have my favorite treat minutes from my house.  No more having to go to my hometown to get my beloved cherry dipped cone.  Thank you Dairy Queen on Tenaya.
Fast & Friendly service BUT the dinning area was a little cramped but it's like that in all ice cream shops so who cares.  It was A Very CLEAN store.  The chicken finger basket was good & hot, but the fingers were very small more like half of a finger.  The texas toast & gravy was forgotten and then when I did get it it was not even toasted more like texas bread.  The blizzards & cones were awesome as always.  So Management you need to go back to the chicken fingers you used to order because these were not worth it.
Love this one, it's tucked away, no drive thru. The employees are really nice, especially the young guy at the register, there is an older girl who works that gives everyone a dirty look, can't decide if that's her face or if she's really giving people mean mugs.

medium mint oreo and m&m blizzard for me please!
I feel weird reviewing a Dairy Queen because most people already know what to expect for the most part. But this location was particularly yummy. The service was good & you can tell the owners of this location take pride in what they do. The only bad part of my visit was the customer bathroom wasn't the cleanliest, but I never expect much from public restrooms anyway.
Been awhile since our last visit. Just got reminded why.. Blizzards are like eating cups of plain ice cream. Very skimpy on toppings. Value for your money is what any customer is looking for. Shame on you for cheating your customers out of what they pay for.
This is the closest Dairy Queen to me, so my brother and I frequent here a lot. We mainly go for the shakes and blizzards as well as the ice cream cakes when it's someone's birthday. The ones that we've tried are actually pretty delicious. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the people who work here are 90% crap whenever we come here. There are a lot of times where I've encountered rude staff, but it's not something that I can't tolerate. I go for the food anyway and not the service.
I'm not a huge fan of Dairy Queen.  Some locations have a different menu than others.  Some offer a full food menu.  Others seem to offer mostly ice cream.  This particular Dairy Queen offers a bit of both but tend towards the ice cream side of things.  I'm not much of an ice cream person so I don't come to Dairy Queen for that and there food is just average.  I can find similar food with better quality at other places.  What brought me in the other day was a coupon I got in the mail.  Half off any size Orange Julius.  I can remember liking on Orange Julius at the mall when I was a kid so with my coupon I ordered a medium and paid $2.05.  It was as I remember.  Frothy, cold and sweet.  It was a nice treat on a rather warm Sunday afternoon.  As simple as an Orange Julius is to make it should not have taken as long as it did for me to walk in, order, pay, receive and leave.  But the staff was all in the back of the place.  The girl back there kept looking at me and saying nothing.  Finally she did acknowledge me and send up a guy to take the order.  He then showed her how to make an Orange Julius.  I get the impression she was new there.  Fair enough but somebody should teach her to acknowledge the customer quicker.
Dairy Queens are plentiful and I've been to hundreds of them, from state to state. Most of them have problems with cleanliness and staff, though occasionally you'll find an awesome one that is run with care. Despite their track record, there are some base expectations that need to be met when you go to a place like this. It's nothing major really. If you can grab some ice cream and not be disgusted or angry by the time you leave, you're usually alright.

This location couldn't even accomplish the basics. Five high school girls were working the place, could not care less about their menial jobs, with no management presence to speak of. While they talked, handled money, and used the phone, a 10 year old that didn't work there was making all the orders. She looked confused and overwhelmed as a line of customers were filing through. The actual employees? Not doing much.

22 minutes to get a blizzard. Twenty-two. I'd never waited so long for ice cream in my life. Wasn't made properly at all, so the taste was sullied as well. That's why I'm taking the time to write a review of a _Dairy Queen_. Boo this location.
I'm not sure exactly where out DQ's are out here in the Bay. 
But it was a late night, and it was hot, I've already eaten dinner, wanted something sweet. 
I'm not a real dessert fan...I'd rather eat FOOD. I was gonna get a blizzard or something, but opted for a cherry 'rush' think slushie....something wasn't quite right....wasn't icey enough for me, maybe because they cut the machine off, considering they were closing in 10min. but so what....

but it sure wasn't nothing that my Effen black cherry vodka couldn't fix!!!!
a good nite it was :)
What is with the employees at this place?  We have been here a few times because.... well I'll be honest.... we're Blizzard addicts and it's the closest DQ to our house now that the one on Tropical closed down.

But if we weren't the hard core Blizzard fans we are... I would NEVER give this place my business.  Every time we walk through the door, the teenagers working behind the counter act like we are irritating them with our very existence.  One night we got there about 45 minutes before closing time and as we were sitting there trying to enjoy our ice cream, they put up all the chairs onto the tables around us and kept staring at us like we were keeping them late.   Seriously?

This place needs some kind of management to step in and whip the employees into shape...  Or I might have to start driving all the way down to the DQ on Tenaya and Alexander.  At least the employees are friendly there.
I was craving for some ice cream and came upon this DQ, big mistake. As we walked in their were 3 employees chatting, no biggy. No friendly welcome, that's fine. As I was ordering the young man took my orders, but was totally not paying any attention because as I was ordering he was busy talking to the other employee making the ice creams. The other employee left to talk to some chick. Anyway, I ordered a chocolate covered strawberry sundae, ehhh where the heck is the strawberries? There were only 2 small pieces of strawberries.

I am never going back to this DQ, they are rude and can't even get an order right.
I ordered two blizzards that were on special per television spots. The employee gave me the price I reminded him about the special. He argued that it ended yesterday and I pointed out it was on TV today. I told him I did not want both then and he rolled his eyes.etc. I asked to speak to someone else and then when the female employee came over I explained the situation and she did not apologize but offered for me to keep both blizzards. Was not the point so I declined. 

The male employee who left to go in the back then peered his head out and kept eyeing me like he wanted a fight. I asked the manager in charge for the phone number of the owner so I could call him. They gave me the owners name , Alan, and a phone # which turns out to be the number of the store and not his phone number that I asked for. Needless to say, when I saw the other reviews on here, I was not surprised and I will also not be back.
dirty behind the counter!  yuk.  instead of sitting in the DQ, we preferred sitting out back by the garbage dump.  But, hey, on the plus side, we found a good spot to drop off spare recycles.
I popped in for an Orange Julius smoothie.

The employee was busy by herself and was blending someone else's drink and dessert, but she never acknowledged me that there would be a wait...so I just kind of stood around there.

But after she was finished with their order, she took my order and the guy behind me, and the smoothie came out pretty quick.  Not too much wait at all, after the order anyways.

I think they just understaffed at that particular time of day, but then again, the rest of the reviews aren't much different or worse than mine, so maybe it's more than that.
Great service. The server was pleasant and courteous. Delicious! Nice clean location in centennial hills.
Delightful service this location has plenty of things that make you blow your diet altogether. I've started my diet over now say 6 times and it was all because of the goodness that DQ has to offer. Burgers, soda, Ice cream, shakes, ok I will stop the list because we all have been to DQ before. But the staff are professional the food hot & good. Unless its ice-cream related then its cold and good. I rate it three stars total.
This is the
 worst dairy queen in the valley. Service is slow and the place is dirty. Dont waste your money. Spend it  elsewhere.
Not sure why this DQ is getting such bad reviews. I've never had a problem when coming here, although I've only ordered ice cream and desserts and have yet to order actual food here. There's never a line/crowd when I come here and I always get my order quickly. The ice cream is so creamy and delicious and my go to is a medium vanilla cone which is huge!
Poor service. It took over a minute for him to get to the register with no greeting.  The lone employee was on his phone and had to call them back because customers arrived.

The order was correct.  The dessert was good (hard for him to mess that up).

The bathroom was messy with no trash bag in the can.  The common area was average.
This DQ sucks!!! Lazy teens working there. Went on Wednesday night and they are out of chocolate ice cream??? You sell ice cream how the hell do you run out? Or are you lazy and not want to make more. I hope this one closes down it's a waste of time and space.
Do me a favor, don't bs me to my face or next time I'm going to raise hell. You tell me there's no cheesecake? Lol really? Lets be real, You didnt wanna go to the back and get it because youre lazy. Went by fast. 3 people working so it went quick. Only positive
I feel like you are lucky if there is not a line when you go because you are going to wind up waiting forever to get your order! If there is a line then just forget the whole thing entirely! 
If you do wait for your order and decide to eat it there, good luck finding a table that is not all sticky. The whole dinning area needs a good scrub down, everything is dirty and sticky. 
Now that Yuki is open across the street it's much cheaper and quicker to grab some Thrifty's!
Also don't want to go here if you have epilepsy, because the chaotic hodgepodge of dolls, toys, signs and flashing lights might induce a seizure.  However, even in its craziness, for a west coast jewish boy, this place was a savior for supplying me with some of the only New York deli-style sandwiches and salads in Wisconsin.  They also have great burgers.  Definitely gets 5 stars for the effort at creating a one-of-a-kind experience blending Wisconsin and Jewish cultures with an acid-trip circus, all rolled into one motif.
The only thing that has changed at Ella's in 20 years is the cover of their menu.  It's refreshing to know that papier mache rots slower than my mind does.  With tables, walls and ceilings buzzing with mechanical toys and games, and a full-fledged carousel operating during the summer, the environment proves to be kid-friendly, although as a kid I recall my taste buds not being well adapted to the bitter Kosher-style deli flavors I now eat with zeal: sweet and sour cabbage soup, open-faced reubens piled high with sauerkraut and swiss cheese (all this along with a side of cole slaw, and perhaps my zealousness is truly just geared towards cabbage), noodle kugel, cheese blintzes.  My "mature" taste buds still cringe at the sight of tongue sandwiches and gefiltefish, but I can look past this.  Treat yourself to a salad --- their croutons are fried in magical high-penetrating butter.  Their ice cream comes courtesy of Madison's local Chocolate Shoppe, and is made ever the more extravagant when served over pound cake and topped with hot fudge.
This is not a dinner destination but an ice cream carnival. I love the mechanical displays in the tables and all the overhead whatnots.
Ah, I wasn't sure where in the entire state of Wisconsin I could find Matzo ball soup. The answer is here, my friends! The broth is flavorful and the noodles a nice complement. At first I was leery of this place being gimmicky looking, but the turkey and melted cheddar baked potato changed my mind. My eyes were able to wander off and look at all of the moving mobiles on the ceiling and toys galore. In Manhattan terms, think of it as a mix of FAO Schwartz plus Serendipity plus a dash of Times Square showiness thrown in. 

I had to do a double take at our scratched table because at first I thought it was dirty. No, wait! On the inside, it was actually ground up magnets that you could use a pen with attraction to draw. 

I would return for the good food, but be extra prepared with my cheesy tolerance up. Take your friends that can handle the carnival-esque atmosphere :)
While Ella's deli might not have some of the best food in town, it does have the electricity bill.  Therein lies the real reason you should visit, the explosion of gadgetry, mechanical toys, mouse-trap style novelties, and all around eye candy make Ella's the only restaurant I know of where its permissible to get up and wander around wide-eyed at this little shop of curiosities. 

If you have strong impulses towards cold-cuts, potato salad, reubens, and ice cream or a small convoy of children with frequently shifting attention spans Ella's will be perfect.

For those looking for a bit more culinary sophistication or higher quality shy away from the American foods and learn towards the more kosher elements.  The chicken in my Caesar salad was actually so stale it was send-back worthy.  But for a place with a carousal outside and an interior that's been as constant as bologna fallen behind the stove, Ella's makes for a nice one time excursion of new sights and sounds.
Excellent deli food, great ice cream, and a crazy fun atmosphere.  It's definitely a place that needs to be seen to be understood.

The food itself is not extraordinary but quite good for the style.  There are other places I would recommend for "just food" in Madison, but the atmosphere and environment add so much to the experience.  I would recommend this as a place to check out for lunch, probably not dinner.  

The ice cream is also a great after-meal treat.  They come in a variety of great flavors.
They cover the walls with tacky crap with blinking lights and annoying little beeping sounds to distract you from the poor quality of the food. 

To call this a "deli" is an insult to all of the real delis out there.
If you find that you simply MUST go here despite knowing in advance that the food is at best edible, at worst horrid and overpriced, and that the crap hanging from the ceilings is never cleaned although it zips mightily across the ceiling hovering over your plates, then there's nothing I can tell you to change your mind, is there??

The pound cake sundae is literally the only saving grace for this decrepit place.  You have been warned.
I have never had a satisfying meal at Ella's.  They have a few great things, but they are all over-priced, and kinda not worth it.  I mean, the croutons on the salad are delicious, but it's not worth paying $10 for a salad that tastes like the salad bar at Copp's grocery store to get them.  The fried pickles are good, but why would you just order a meal of fried pickles?  The ice cream is okay, but there is better ice cream in Madison.

The atmosphere is cool, but there are always screaming kids to deal with.  Overall, Ella's isn't worth the hype.
i really dont understand how anyone could give anything less than five stars

it has one of those things where a strobe light creates stop-motion
and flying superman's
and ball's rolling through tubes in apparent perpetual motion
and games INSIDE your table

and blintzes, kugel, dr. browns, and FRIED PICKLES

wtf. what is wrong with you people?! is there anything in life you like?!!?
I could tell that this place was different, just pulling up to the parking lot. I've attached a photo and a link to their web site... but this is one of those cases where you just have to experience it to understand it. The web site doesn't even come CLOSE to conveying the experience that this small, family-oriented establishment is. And the best part of all... it was PACKED! And it was LOUD! (so be forewarned: this is for kids and those young at heart. it's not for those trying to be cool or hip.)

The menu is adorable, homey, features local menu items, and is reminiscent of a diner menu. But the really amazing part about this unique eatery are the gadgets, toys, and displays covering every square inch of the interior... and a working carousel outside to boot. There are a number of flying figures inside, including Bart Simpson, Batman, and Harry Potter. There is something interesting and unique inside every table. We sat at an electric toy-train table where the train actually moved. We also saw Monopoly embedded in another table, a display of PEZ dispensers in another, and a giant castle scene in another. Basically, this place is a child's toy fantasy come true.

A place where the families of Madison can have a good meal at a good price, and their kids can enjoy the near-chaos of every imaginable toy, gadget and doodad constantly in motion. A sensory overload experience!

I'm giving it four stars instead of five because it did seem like it could use an overall sprucing up. (My visit here was July 2006.)
I have been coming here since I was a pint sized tot. It's your average run of the mill deli style menu but the atmosphere is amazing and makes for a wonderland of excitement for little kids. I'm still in awe of all the moving gadgets when I go in. The carousel is beautiful and needless to say I myself have ridden it countless times... I luv Ella's!
Grew up in Madison.  This is a must to visit, and definitely a place to take children: it is fun seeing their fascination with all that this place has to offer.  They also have a merry-go-round that operates in the Summer.  The food's good too: root beer and reuben is hard to beat, let alone the ice cream shop they've got for dessert.

I give this place 5 stars because you don't just go for the food, what Ella's offers is an experience, that that unique experience they do whole hog :)
This is a fun touristy destination place to go in Madison. The kids were happy,  the grownups were happy, because merry-go-rounds and ice cream are happy things.
They had a baby plate with little things to try for my friend's  little one, which was a nice touch. I had an egg salad sandwich and matzo ball soup, which was OK. I don't like celery, but it's not their fault. Pretty cheap lunch, considering... Wierd thing is that they don't provide crayons and paper for the kids to draw on-which would have been nice. we had a good time with old friends.
* * * This review is based on Ice Cream & Merry-Go-Round visits Only * * *

My daughter and I came here yesterday (after a long ordeal up the block from here) for waffle cones.  Black cherry for her, Mint Chip for me.  

I took my 11 year old 2nd cousin here for ice cream and a horsey-ride about a month ago.

The place is pretty cool eye candy for out of towners; I agree with Nina O. though they ought to shut the place down for a day, cover tables, counters, kitchen, etc. and take a huge can of compressed air and blow the years of dust off of everything in the place.
I have a feeling this place is starting to show its age.  It's a relatively fun and interesting place, and the food is ok, but this last visit revealed what I believe to be some disappointing issues.

I've been to Ella's Deli countless times; my first visit was in 1977, just after seeing Star Wars on the big screen.  Generally speaking, I've been a fan, but this last visit was troubling.  Here's how it went.

When it comes to restaurants, I'm a stickler for a few things: service, cleanliness, and taste.  Tonight, we arrived at Ella's at around 8:00pm (on a Sunday).  The place was relatively empty - a few tables had folks sitting at them, but for the most part it was slow.  There appeared to be a ton of staff - I counted at least 2 bus boys, a cashier, at least 2 hostesses/hosts, several waitstaff, and countless "cooks." 

So it was surprising that we stood and waited for about 5 minutes before being acknowledged and offered a seat.  It wasn't until a larger group came in behind us that anyone bothered to look up and notice that people were entering the restaurant.

We were seated at a dirty table (there was a hunk of lettuce sitting on the condiment tray and my side of the table was sticky and gross), and a waitress brought us two tiny, worn-out plastic glasses of water.

I say "worn out" because one glass was riddled with teeth marks (see the photo); we didn't drink out of it - it was quite gross.  How much does a new plastic cup cost these days??

We ordered the grilled poundcake turtle sundae ($6.45?!) and a cup of coffee.  The coffee was delicious, but alas, there was lipstick on my cup (I'm a guy, so I'm fairly certain it wasn't mine).  Ugh.

And then came the sundae.  Served in a large dish that's designed to make the thing look bigger than it actually is, the sundae was good but nothing spectacular.  Sigh.  Take a look at the photo we uploaded, and before you say "it looks like a big sundae," look at the size of the spoons and then compare them to the sundae.  The dish is also "flat," so there's not much (if any) sundae below that big apron.

I don't think I'll be going back any time soon.  The place was expensive and fairly dirty in appearance.  Our waitress was good, but the hostess/host/cashiers need to pay more attention to the door.  Summary:

Food: 2.5 stars
Cleanliness: 1 star
Service: 2.5 stars overall (4 for our waitress alone)
Value: 1.5 stars; tiny portions and $10 for a sundae, coffee, and tip.

For the money, I'd rather go to Culver's or Michael's.
An ice cream parlour with a carousel?!!?  The ice cream is great in that old timey, not mashed with all the toppings sorta way.  The ice cream is great, but how do you fudge up ice cream?  The real treat is the setting which is so much fun.  Obviously it's ideal for children which for a person without kids means you have to deal with a least one child screaming for ice cream all the time.  I've never tried the deli menu, but I'd like to!
Ok, I am totally charmed by this place. It's kitschy and loud and the food is awesome deep fried deliciousness. Love the old animatronic crap that is everywhere!

Best of all, however, are the absolutely AMAZING and gloriously perfect deep fried pickles. I've yet to find them done better ANYWHERE.
I've been talking about this search for the perfect reuben for so long that people are starting to wonder. I figured that I'd better start documenting this search lest people begin to question my dedication to the task at hand.

I hadn't been to Ella's since I relocated to Madison 7yrs. ago. So I figured that this Madison Institution would be a good place to start. So, the sandwich was pretty decent. The corned beef was delicious and not too greasy. I don't know why they don't serve it on a dark rye, like most every other place I've had one (we'll forget the sourdough I had once in the north woods). Loss of points here. My only other gripe would be that they could have spared some fries and made a bigger sandwich.

The reason for the two star rating is the service I received. I was one of maybe four customers in the whole place (everyone else was already seated and eating when I arrived), and it still took ten minutes for a staffer to bring a cup of water. The server's demeanor was short and far from sweet.

So, bring the kids to Ella's. That's the demographic they're going for. It's like Chuck-E-Cheese for the pre-teen steampunk crowd. If you're looking for a decent reuben in Madison, get it to go.
The food is good/ok as well as the service.  The four stars are because it is a great place to bring a kid.  The atmosphere and decorations are terrific for a young one.
Everyone, more especially kids, will enjoy this restaurant.  Antique mechanical games abound, including figures moving across the ceiling.  Some tables have games under a glass top that customers can play.

Food is excellent, especially the baked potatoes, matzo ball soup, and sandwiches.  Prices are reasonable.   Rstaurant is packed at lunch and dinner.

Other than in wintertime, a full-sized carousel operates outside.
Love IT! For a person who doesn't have / doesn't like kids, I go here pretty often. I love the old school ambiance and just the sheer volume of STUFF to look at while dining. The menu is super extensive - I dare you to go and not be able to find anything on the menu to eat.

Con: if you don't like kids, it can be kind of a pain to go while there's a birthday party in progress. But then, you did go to a restaurant with a carousel out front.  :) Have fun!
My boyfriend and I decided to check Ella's out one night for dinner.

The place was packed with screaming children (which I suppose isn't surprising, considering the carousel and decor - but still, not my bag). Our table was sticky, our silverware wasn't clean, and the food was mediocre. I almost lost my appetite when I looked up at all of the creepy, dusty toys hanging from the ceiling. The only saving grace was the ice cream - but in Madison, you can get good ice cream just about anywhere.

I know this place is a Madison institution, and I really wanted to like it, but mostly it just grossed me out. I might order food or ice cream to go, but I will not dine in the restaurant ever again.
the review is definitely leaning towards the unique nature of the inside rather than the food, and i can't quite say that i've been to a place like this before.  well, we used to have the submarine thing in California.  

the food is so-so and not priced to match its flavoring.  even when it looks good as they bring it out, it is average deli food.  i concur that the menu is extensive and its really difficult to figure out what want to go for that day.   even soda costs more.  when we were there, there wasn't a whole lot of kids (it was a Sunday late morning), and we got to enjoy playing around with our table (it was the one with iron fillings covering some images, so you can play with it with magnets to form beards over ladies and such).  its a place worth coming to once, but not sure if it is worth a second visit if you're here for the food.  

nonetheless, unique.
This is a sad place. It has a carousel, it has all sorts of cute kitsch scattered about, above, around, and beyond. It's got cartoon characters, horsies, and things that look like it came out of a child's dream... 

Unfortunately, this place is more of an adults nightmare. In fact, it's really only good for those who know no better, or don't care to get ripped off. The prices are unconscionably high for the mediocre quality and the skimpy servings (sides are extra, unless you settle for watered down cole slaw). There's a place in Chicago called Perry's, whose sandwiches are probably 4 times the size of those at Ella's, 10 times the quality, enough for two to share - maybe more... but at the same price. How is that possible? 

Ella's is also dirty. Dirty seats, dirty tables, dirty silverware, dirty plates, dirty cups... If you are going to slip that much money out my pocket, keep the damn place clean. The servers are kinda not so clean either. My son and I waited almost 10 minutes to be served after being seated. We only got attention after I flagged down a server from another section who passed by and made a conscientious effort to avoid eye contact. Really? I would have left, but my son would have been sad. Instead, I let him enjoy and decided to be the sad one.

It's possible only because they surround themselves with a carousel, kitsch about, above, around, and beyond. The kids want to go there... they don't care about an overpriced sorry sandwich. They are too young and too distracted - and can you blame them? I don't. I blame the owners of Ella's for using all the distractions... because if your kids didn't want to go there, you probably wouldn't even bother either .
Bottom line? Great for kids. Hell on earth for those without. 

The prices weren't great - $6 for an ice cream sundae? - but the ice cream was good, and the options are many. They have a whole desserts-only menu, for Pete's sake. 

The serving dishes are just small enough that if the ice cream melts at all, there's an overflow - but that's just incentive to eat faster, right? 

I've never been when the place isn't packed, but with a real merry-go-round in use, it's not surprising.
LOVE THIS PLACE!  I grew up in Wisconsin, and this was a frequent visit with my parents.  It's a kids paradise!  Merry-go-round, fun food, ice cream, and the place is decorated with toys.  Something to look at everywhere.  Plus, you can buy candy buttons when you are leaving :0)
Great place for kids.  Sandwich list is HUGE!   Look for Harry playing Quidditch.
This resturant is good for one thing: birth control. 

The food is gross and WAY overpriced. 

If you love screaming infants and paying ten dollars for a hot dog, this might just be your place.
One of the most kid-friendly restaurants ever, and know that most of the clientele are going to be of the under-12 crowd. I grew up going to Ella's Deli, and this year I was able to take my 2-year old. She loved it! The matzo ball soup with noodles keeps bringing us back, and you can get pretty much any kind of deli sandwich you can think of at this establishment, and they are all pretty good. The price has certainly crept up over the years, and the cost doesn't match the food quality, which is frustrating. But let's be real - you don't go there for the food quality. You go there for the ambiance -- the 1920s carousel and the explosion of decoration inside.
Oh, and for those complaining about too many loud kids? Look around. Clowns on the wall? Check. Robot greeting you at the door? Yup. Candy counter? Sure thing. Use these context clues, turn around, and find a McDonalds.
My wife grew up in Madison and spent her childhood going to Ella's Deli. Unfortunately times have not been kind to Ella's Deli. I first went 12 years ago with her family on my first visit to Madison and the food was good and the prices reasonable. A bowl of Matzo ball soup had two Matzo balls and came in an actual bowl. We have gone to Ella's on every trip that we make to Madison but have noticed that over the years it has become a disappointing experience. The food has become mediocre yet the prices have risen, which is quite an odd phenomenon. Usually prices increase with quality but Ella's has managed to rewrite the rules. A bowl of Matzo ball soup is now one ball in a cup, yet more expensive. A $9 Reuben does not even include fries and somehow a scoop of ice cream is a whopping $3.65. This was our last visit to this once good and reasonable but now expensive and less satisfactory restaurant. This ends 12 years of my visiting and a lifetime for my wife.
Sad face :(
No, wait. A GIANT SAD FACE :(

Why doesn't this birthday place have a better selection of cake? I'm a traditionalist, and I'd like to have a nice pice of layered cake on my birthday. My friend took me here on my b-day, and as soon as I saw the dessert menu, my heart started sinking .... . There was nothing I wanted to eat. Sigh. 

I ended up sharing a lame chocolate cake with him. Another sigh. 
I felt bad to be such a downer when someone was treating me .... but the cake really bummed me out!
I have chosen this place many times for various occasions both as a child and as an adult. Fantasy land was always what kept me coming back and reminiscing of childhood. However a few months ago I had a Jewish co-worker.  We got to talking about eating out. I inquired if his family frequented Ella's (They advertise kosher right on the outside of the building). These were his words, "They aren't actually Kosher. My family and I were so excited, we went, we sat down, we started asking some questions, and left."

I was shocked. This restaurant has many other attractions then it being "kosher".  If they aren't kosher, they shouldn't advertise it that way. I'll never eat there again.
The atmosphere is interesting, but the noise created by all the whirliegigs is as loud as a bar on Friday night.  The service was terrible, even for a sandwich place.  I was one of four tables, two tables per server.  She walked away as she spoke, she didn't refill water, and was pretty clueless when it came to the menu.  The food was meh at best.  I tried the Lox Salad.  Some lox, nicely flavored, accompanied by a handful of pathetic looking lettuce and a few spoon fulls of rice on an enormous plate for $10.  Presentation was clearly not a consideration.  I want to support local businesses but if given the choice between Ella's and a chain bagel shop, the chain would win hands down in overall experience, food quality, atmosphere, and service.
I go there for their amazing salad with amazing croutons-incredible.

As far as all the other stuff I just ignore it.

Just get their salad and you will be very very happy.
Service was HORRIBLE. I went there twice -- once during the week when it was empty, and once on Sunday afternoon when it was full.

Both times the two different servers were rude, condescending, would walk away before a question was finished being asked  -- wouldn't give refills of water or coffee. When we finally got their attention, they seemed upset that we were bothering them.

After asking for something, they seemed to be passive-aggressive -- served other tables, stood around doing literally *nothing* (leaning on column), before finally getting to what we asked for.

When the food was served, it was dumped on to the table and the server rushed away, leaving us to pass the it around.

While the food was good, the price was on the high side. I left frustrated and angry both times. I was going to complain to the manager at the register, but he was just like the waiters (not engaging, looking down)  -- didn't really seem to care.

Anyway, if you have long time to wait, like bad service and good food where the staff seems to be in a perpetual bad mood, this is your place.
I'm not a fan of the food there... but I certainly love the black-cherry ice cream they serve! :)
HUGE menu.  They have one ~20 page menu for food, and another entirely different menu for the ice cream, shakes, etc.

The main menu is primarily deli standards, so if you're looking to get a tongue sandwich on rye, here's the place.  But they also have burgers and other American food.

The main reason I go here is their Chicken Matzo Ball soup, which you can only get a couple other places in Madison.  Tasty, but I wish it had more chicken, it's usually just chicken dust.  Manna Cafe on Sherman Ave. has much better Chicken Matzo Ball soup with fresh veggies, lots of chicken and a side of fresh bread - but they only make it on Fridays currently, so I end up at Ella's usually.

Otherwise, barring their lunch specials, the place is really expensive for what you get.  $9 for salami on a toasted bagel with no sides?  It tasted great, but I can make that myself at home for $1.50, even using "artisan" salami.

Ella's is a great place for kids.  Tons of moving animated puppets and things flying around the ceilings (which are made by one of the owners).  Games that kids can play, and even some of the tables are interactive.  They also have a carousel open during the warm months.

You can also reserve the place for birthday parties, and they have a bunch of different packages depending on your budget.

Since it's such a kids kind of place, and you have all those things whirring around the restaurant, it's pretty noisy, even when almost empty.

3 stars for prices in relation to quality and amount of food for us adults, but a neat place for kids or people visiting Madison.
You don't go to Ella's for the quality of the food, despite the vastness of their menu.

You go to Ella's for the atmosphere - it is every ADD kid's dream! There is so much to look at and interact with, lots of animitronics, and rarely changes in appearance, so you can always look forward to the comfort of seeing all of your old favorites. 

I particularly love that many of the tables are interactive, with glass tops encasing fun games to play with your family and friends.

Plus, they have a big ass carousel, and fun candy and toys for purchase.

Hands down, the best thing to eat at Ella's is their famous #1 - fried poundcake with vanilla ice cream and hot fudge on top - it is to die for.

Another special item for large groups: their sparkling kazoo (formerly the kitchen sink) - which is 32 scoops of various kinds of ice cream and sherbet in a big metal bowl, covered with every topping imaginable and a huge spoon to dish it out with. - great for parties!
As an admitted crusty old fart, one would think that I would stay miles away from Ella's. Quite the contrary my friends. I would not consider a trip to Madison complete without a visit. 

I agree with many that the food is nothing special, but I have never really had a "bad" meal here either. I tend to stick to soup and variations on a corned beef / pastrami theme and I do ok. Tonight after spending the day at the anti- Walker / pro union rally downtown, we added a special treat to our usual order. We split the caramel apple crisp (ala mode no less). It was deeeeeeeeelicious!!!!

Anyhow, I come to Ella's time and again because I love the atmosphere. It is as though Rube Goldberg went crazy in a toy factory.  Even in my dotage, I can see this place through the eyes of a child. It helps to keep me young at heart. Yes, it is a bit over the top, but it ranks high on my Kitchy Kool list!!
Oh please! Other than the desserts, which often come with dirty silverware, it's simply not worth it. The place is jam stuffed with toys, one would think at first glance, that it would be a mini paradise. Upon closer look, everything is filthy and dusty. The floors and tables are sticky. The prices are inflated and the waitstaff only occassionally friendly. I love good Jewish food. Ella's is not. The matzoh ball soup has no flavor and the blintzes are soggy. The sandwich meats are processed and the bread is dry. I would come for their famous #1 if I had to have a sugar fix, but it is most certainly not like the Ella's deli I remember on State Street from the late 1970's.
You know what?  The food here isn't anything to write home about.

You know what else?   This has never been a destination I would go to for the food anyway.  In fact, if you are coming here just to eat you are missing the point entirely.

What you should be coming here for is the atmosphere, the carousel and the ice cream.  You should be coming here to make memories with your kids (or the kids in your life--nieces for me) and have some ice cream.  I remember this place from my childhood and I defy you to find a child that is not mesmerized with the amount of stuff hanging from the ceiling or tucked inside the many shodowbox-like tables (Ours had a medieval LEGO scene inside it).  

My burger was decent, but I can assure you it wasn't the reason I set foot through the door.
Not great but good.
1 star for the ambiance star for the ice cream and the carousal outside this place and my kids love em. Food and service is a different story. Food sucks beyond imagination and service is so so. If you want to go this place for food, I would recommend a sandwich from a gas station freezer than this place.
Revising my previous review. Last year, went Ella's twice and the service was very poor to say the least.

Today, we went back to at least soak up the atmosphere with a few kids who hadn't been there before. We had Gregory as our waiter, and, based on Gregory, the consensus for Ella's went from one star to five stars. I hope Gregory and his light, fun attitude is what pervades the rest of the wait staff. People go to Ella's to have fun, and their server is at least 50% of the equation -- they don't have to be comedians, just be friendly, courteous, and attentive -- Gregory was all those things. The food was good, and we got it quick. Definitely a good night.
Now please take my review with a grain of salt, because I never actually had the opportunity to try any of the food at Ella's. I made it inside and had a chance to look around at the wondrous variety of colorful toys and games that would have brought out the kid in me. However, I then looked around and saw dozens of greasy screaming children that made me wretch at the idea that I ever used to be like that. 

The rest of the crowd here didn't do much for the atmosphere as well - morbidly obese hillbillies, old people on ventilators, waiters with pit stains and spilled food on their clothing...together they created some kind of overwhelming stench that slowly turned my desire to put food into my stomach into an uncontrollable instinct to send it flying straight out.

Once we were seated at a table covered in a thin, sticky veneer that grabbed on to everything it touched, we had had enough. As soon as the waiter left to get our water, we had to sneak out of there. Any longer and I was afraid this place was going to devolve into a scene from Stephen King's It.
The food is simply terrible. I have eaten here over 10 times, and each time the food is simply terrible. Do not be tricked by the toys and games, or the carousel outside. It all masks the bad food they serve. 

It is also VERY overpriced for what you get. You are paying a fee just to sit at the table to see all of the toys and gadgets. Not directly, but they hike the price of the food. 

The ONLY reason I would go here is to take a child to be entertained by the toys and gadgets. If you go here to enjoy the food, you are in for a big letdown. 

Also, this is not a true deli. Real deli's are located in New York City. For example, the Carnegie Deli. Calling Ella's a 'Deli' is a direct insult to a  true deli. 

The waitstaff is OK, but they are clearly phoning it in. They simply do not seem like they want to be working there. They have ignored several attempts to flag them down to get a refill of water, and when I was there you can see a visible letdown on their faces when you only ask for water, because they know the tip will be lower. 

Overall, go for the toys and outdoor carousel.
This place was like magic to me as a kid. I used to beg my parents to go here, but now that I'm an adult, I can see why they were reluctant. The food isn't great, and the service is pretty average. That, and the combination of animatronics, knick-knacks, and screaming children is enough to make anyone want to make sure they have some aspirin with their meal.

All in all, it's fun for the kids, but make sure you take it in moderate doses.
Ella's is easily the Happiest Place On Earth!

I passed through Madison on my way up north and just had to stop here. This place was filled with the majest of a 1980's childhood, a real-life Pee Wee's Playhouse. 

The outside boasts in bright colors, a blue and white Vaudevillian awning and a large, working carousel out front. Inside, it's even better. The ceilings are lined with dozens of homemade paper-mch figures that move. Yes, they are animatronic!  Characters range from the Beatles to Bart Simpson. All of the tables are display cases with clear tops containing everything from a Pez collection to a Wooly Willy Magnetic Face that you can play with while you wait for food.

After you're done gawking, you'll remember that you were here to eat...

Ella's menu is a whopping TWENTY pages with every kind of sandwich, side, and sausage imaginable. A separate SIX page menu is available for desserts, ice cream and milkshakes. They also have an entire two pages of vegetarian options, including soup.

I ordered:

- Kugel ( egg noodles, farmers' cheese, sour cream and cinnamon; served with a side of strawberries and sour cream)
- Reuben sandwich
- potato salad (the world's best!)
- cole slaw
- chocolate phosphate soda
- Turtle pound cake sundae (a big pile of fudgey, carmel, gooey yum!)

Ella's served up some of the most delicious food that has ever impressed my palate! It was so good that on my return trip, I went an hour out of the way to eat lunch here again. 

The food is a bit pricey, about $25 for appetizer, sandwich, and dessert. The portions are generous; but don't expect to get an overflowing platter. Ella's is good with following serving sizes. Restaurant was clean, servers were attentive and friendly.

Ella's satisfied not only my tastes but my imagination. This is a wonderful place for adults to reminisce and enjoy a fantastic meal.
I loved going here when I used to live in Madison. Overall, the food is okay, nothing special about it. But, this place seems whimsical to little kids. It's fun to watch them oohs and aahs over neat animatronics. They used to have small carousel set up outside. So, not really a place for foodies, but worth the visit for the little ones.
I just visited Ella's a couple weeks ago after not being in for a few years (as I now live abroad). It definitely has cleaned up its act since I was last in.

The food has always been ok and overpriced, but on this occasion we just got ice cream. GIANT scoops. Yum! (They used to do their own, but these days serve Chocolate Shoppe premium ice cream which is delicious and very high quality). 

The decor is the reason anyone comes back. And it needs a little love, but wasn't as dusty as the last time I visited. 

Ella's - you seemed shinier in the 80s. I hope you will return to your glory. But I still love you all the same.
One of my favorite places in Madison. Good coleslaw and I recommend the pump platter salads. Try to save room for some frozen custard.  You have to make it here if you have little kids just for the eclectic collection of toys and "stuff" that creates a great ambiance for kids.
Not a fan!  They were good when they were on State Street, but I haven't enjoyed it at all on any subsequent visits.  I find they use bad quality ingredients and I cannot stand the atmosphere.  I guess if you would enjoy eating at a circus this restaurant's for you!
Great family entertainment, decent food.  Don't come here expecting a gourmet feast, it is for the kids.  Although, the reuben was good and the potato salad was also pretty good.  A little pricey, but you are paying for the atmosphere as well.  The carousel is only open in warm months  (whenever those are ;).
Perfect place if you have kids.  Lots of visual stimulation...plus ice cream.  Food wasn't bad either.
I LOVE THEIR HUMMUS.  I would pay lots of money for the recipe. Or buy it in a large tub.  In fact, next time I visit, I just might ask about that latter option... anyway, every time I have ever come I have gotten the hummus platter and I always walk away feeling like I got a great healthy meal.  For a veggie and chickpea plate, it seems a wee bit pricy (I think $8 - I am cheap though), but it's oh so yummy.
I ordered a French dip here for dinner the other night, and there was a very large brown insect right there on the plate, floating dead in the au jus.

They covered the price of our bill, at least. But it's still disgusting to think that their sanitation is lax enough that a bug can end up right on a customer's plate. Neat toys and animatronics aside, this place sorely needs a visit from the health inspector.
I have mixed feelings about this place. Some of the food is excellent; the soups, the salads, the ice cream, and it's a fun atmosphere for kids, but I wish it were a little cleaner, and sometimes the food isn't delivered as described on the menu, and it was a little weird to go to the checkout with my un-totaled tab to have the host ask me what I wanted to tip. Well, they hadn't given me a totaled tab at the table, or shown me the itemized receipt so I could a) check to see if it was correct, and b) calculate the tip.
Expensive!!!!
That is the only word I have for Ella's.  We ate here on a Saturday for lunch.  It had great ambiance and the kids loved it.  There were 4 of us.  We all had sandwiches and my cousin and I shared a $12 sandwich plate with all the fixins.  My wife and his girlfriend had sandwiches and we ordered 3 drinks and a water.  The kids ate off of our plates as they always do.  I figured the bill was going to be around $40 because we didn't even order ice cream.  3 drinks, 2 sandwiches and 1 "shared sandwich" and our bill was $61.62.  WTH?!?!?!?

I went over it with a fine-tooth comb and noticed they charge almost $5 for a small order of cheese fries.  The drinks were $3 each and their sandwiches were over $10 each.  WTH?!?!?!?!?

I couldn't believe how much they charge for cold meat sandwiches.  We could have spend $40 at Panera and had more food and much higher quality.

It looks like this place is getting a lot of bad reviews lately.  I really hope they are reading their Yelp page and they fix things.  I will never go back here again.  I can eat at a nice steak house for $60.  Cold meat sandwiches aren't worth as much as this place charges for them.  Ripoff Central.  Stay away.
I give it 3 stars for a mix of food and atmosphere + merry-go-round outside.
Great place for young kids/toddlers, especially to ride the carousel.
I gave it 4 at first, but after reading what I wrote, 4 did not seem accurate.

When it comes to the food I can only comment on the entrees, not the desserts, which are clearly a whole other specialty of theirs, seems like they would be good, but also it seems like it's an either or situation, either a meal, or a big dessert.

If I go back, I'm honestly happy just having a burger and fries, good coffee shop/deli style burger and fries.

I fantasize that the corned beef or pastrami is awesome like the kind I can get in Chicago at Manny's, or what used to be Kaufman's, but the reality is quite different, for the price they should pile the cb or p on high, like real deli's in Chicago or NYC do, but noooooo! (as Belushi used to say). Skimpy, penny pinching, the pickles are good. The rye bread is not substantial enough, too crumbly, too weak. The cb and p is mediocre at best, weak flavor, not fatty enough, and I prefer lean, but this is too lean, it's not really good and certainly no where near great. A definite letdown.

So to sum it up, for Madison, for Wisconsin, I guess if you're desperate for a cb or p sandwich on rye with a pickle, in a "deli", then this is your ONLY choice. If you want to drive 3 hours to Chicago and go to Manny's you will know what a real CB or P sandwich is, and forever after will not settle for less, unless you deceive yourself and live in denial, or are stuck somewhere, wherein the choices are non-existent like Madison or Wisconsin in general.

Sigh, what's with the mediocre food in Wisconsin, sad.
Not a great place for large groups. Went with my brother and his family, 10 of us total. It took TWO HOURS for sandwiches and ice cream. It used to be a great place.
Sadly, Ella's Deli continues its decent towards total failure.
I decided to try the deli for the 12th time in the past year, and the quality of the place has dropped even lower than before. 

The prices have been hiked yet again, the portions
have shrunk again, the waitstaff has been reduced in number AGAIN, and the most upsetting thing that has happened to this once great deli is the fact the place is filthy. 

They really need to close for a good week and clean the place from top to bottom. Want to know how bad this once great Madison attraction has fallen? I saw a roach crawling around on floor. A freaking ROACH. As in the creepy crawly kind - not the Willy Street kind. :)

This makes me so sad as this place was once a true landmark for Madison. Now it is hanging on a thread - only getting by due to the animatronic toys and gadgets. If this were any other Resturant, it would have closed down years ago.

Sad.
Absolutely horrible. Terrible food and worse. service. Overpriced and under-managed. Don't waste your time. I had high hopes which made the disappointment even harder to stomach. I will NEVER return.
Good deserts, huge menu (people liked the food too, but I didn't have any). Lots of kitsch on the ceiling, very interesting and unique. Plus a carousel!
If Tim Burton shot a film about a Jewish deli staring Johnny Depp and Helena Bonham Cater it would be shot inside Ella's. 

The Hand That Rocks The Ladle
Silence Of The Yams
It Was The Borscht Of Times It Was The Wurst Of Times 

WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE? I mean the outdoor carousel  alone is enough to give someone nightmares for a week, but then step inside and it's like a friggin' amusement park of random ass stuff that sort of comes together into a weird blend of whimsical wonderment that reminds me of the stuff Tom Hanks saw in the film Big. Monkeys ride unicycles high above your head, frogs pop out of ceiling slats, colorful birds are the norm and tabletops double as games.

I was told the matzoh soup is bomb, and while good, it's not the best I've had. Noodles were cold, broth luke warm, which makes me think it sits in the back and gets warmed up/nuked/stuck under a heat lamp before making its way to my belly. Add to this the fact that it was expensive (over 4 bucks for a ball and broth) and I won't rush back there for it. 

The rest of the menu reads like a PrintMaster Silver graphic explosion circa 1998. I'm not talking the super sexy updated PrintMaster Platimum with 20 new discs of clipart and borders, I'm talking about the oldie, but in Ella's case, goodie, which first introduced us to things like slanted text and the ever so popular ribbon banner for prominently displaying important title treatments. In Ella's case, everything is important, so don't be overwhelmed by 15 or so menu pages chock full of ribbons and wordart 2.0. 

As for the rest of the food. It's ok. Burger I had was priced right at 8.50, which comes with fries, some slaw and a pickle, but I feel like most of their menu is overpriced for portion/quality. The shakes come in at a hefty $6, served up in small cups to go, but maybe you get more bang for your buck if you stay and drink? 

At the end of the day I'm certain I'll be back. It's the place you take people who have never been, because honestly who would believe a deli in town offers up just as much visual delight as a whacked out acid trip?
I had fond memories of the Ella's Deli on State Street - and the fried pound cake in particular - and figured it would be a good second choice for brunch with my daughter when we found Monty's Blue Plate Diner was too busy on our visit to Madison.  What a mistake!  The restaurant itself is a kitschy tourist trap, with grime-covered mechanical toys littering the entire restaurant.  Entertaining for some perhaps, I found it extremely depressing.  The wait for our food seemed interminable, and when it did arrive, my omelet was cold, flat, and hardened.  I practically wanted to cry, realizing we had missed an opportunity for a wonderful breakfast at Monty's - much less, that we had shelled out as much as we had for a disgusting breakfast at Ella's.  I will not ever come back if I can help it.
Fun place to eat.  Have becoming here for roughly 25 years.  THe kids loved it when they  were younger, now when travelling in the Madison area, we always try and get there at least once a year.
Ya know, I didn't have high hopes upon entering this magical circus land cafe.

But - they sure did surprise me.

The soup - you must get the soup.  Homemade - and delicious.  

The reviews are all over the map for this here deli - and I gotta say that my experience was really quite pleasant.  Our server (I wish I remembered her name) was top notch.  She was so sweet and friendly and really made for a great dining experience.
This place is definitely for kids. Used to come here all the time when I was a little enjoying all the things on the walls, inside the tables and ceiling and the carousel. 

Now lately just for a quick stop in for ice cream. Which they no longer make besides the vanilla and chocolate used in their sundaes. Now they use Chocolate Shoppe.

Recently stop in for dinner for old time sake. They have extensive menus for both regular and dessert. So takes a long time to read it but it is available online to look over too.

I started off with a kugel. A sweet noodle cheese dish with farmers cheese, sour cream and egg noodles with a side of sour cream and mashed strawberries. Can almost be compared to a cheesecake minus the crust. Now it was mighty tasty and would highly recommend it if you have never had a kugel. But it tasted just like the one I make at home. So I can easily have it at home. Plus I like to add raisins and a nut topping for texture.

For my entree I got Holishkes. sweet & sour stuffed cabbage rolls filled with beef & rice topped with tomato sweet & sour sauce. Comes with a cinnamon muffin, sweetbread a bowl of soup and a choice of two additional side. I got fries and mixed vegetables. For 12.99 I thought it was a good value for the quanity and I left stuffed put that being said. The filling to the cabbage was bland but the tomato sauce helped out there. The muffin was dry. Sweetbread was ok. I got the Sweet & Sour Cabbage soup which was different and could of had a bowl of it. The fries were the frozen kind and the mixed vegetable were peas and carrots. Not a big fan of peas but thats my fault of not asking what kind of veggies.

The service was friendly and laid back put not too badly. But there was only a couple of tables full on a late thursday night. So not sure how it would be busy.

Had no room to try one of their Grilled Pound Cake Sundae my dad loves. A return  visit in the future maybe.
Cool place for kids lunch. A little pricey and the Ruebens were not what they used to be.
If I had to sum up my meal in two words: odd brunch. I started the meal with a kugel & strawberries based on another yelper's review - ate almost the whole thing! Would def order it again or serve it for guests at a brunch. Yum. The matzo soup tasted OK, felt like it was surrounded by canned chix noodle (ala Cambell's) though. Entre was holishkes (bland cabbage rolls with chunky marinara sauce), the sides seemed like random afterthoughts and portion size was enormous. My daughter ordered the kid's mac & cheese with a side of applesauce (which is always served in a ridiculously tiny cup). The wait staff were friendly and accommodating. It can be overwhelming and claustrophobic on a busy night but Sunday night was as chill as it gets. Next time I'm sticking with my fave dish there: open-faced tuna melt. Can't go wrong there.

The menus just kill me... I have learned over the years how to navigate them quickly but seriously Restaurant Impossible needs to come in and revamp here! A simplified menu featuring well made dishes to compliment some home made ice cream would have an immediate positive impact. That and some cleaned up, contemporary, functioning decor would really breathe some life into this place! We'll never stop coming here but will enjoy it MUCH more with some improvements. I'm rooting for ya Ella's!
You know what?
I'm feeling generous. 
Ella's has been good to me lately (consistent food, standout service), I'm going to be good to them and bump them up two stars to five because the past 3 visits (holy cow have I really been 3 times this month) have been pretty special. 
And special means so SO SOOOOO many things at Ella's. The interior (clearly), but also the really kind and attentive staff. Special. The wackadoole sounds that reverberate off the paneling and the fact that the kitchen's open but you can't see much going on. Special. The place is simply special, and I don't mind giving props where props are due, because honestly after my repeat trips this month, I wouldn't change a thing. If they started changing things, it wouldn't be special.
Ok for taking the kids for some ice-cream and to kill some time.

The food is overpriced and not much care is taken for the quality of food they serve.  It's what you would expect from a concession stand or worse.

The servers were fine, but i would not return for any of their menu other than dessert
Hmmm... where to begin... OK. If you live in Madison, you have to go to Ella's at least once. I figured I'd check it out, because, it's, like, a Kosher deli and those are hard to find in Wisconsin and I definitely have frequent cravings for good old east coast-style Jewish deli stuff. BUT, I made the huge mistake of not being stoned out of my skull when I went... this place is a trip! What the f*ck is up with the decor? Definitely clutter city in here with all sorts of crazy robotic puppet contraptions and automated devices, toy trains, etc - probably charming in the daytime, pretty weeiirddd late at night. The food was ok - not bad, but a little overpriced considering it wasn't exactly the greatest deli I've ever had, to say the least. It's a cool old place though; definitely has character. I just think the food could be a little better, and the place a bit cleaner. But, if you're, like, f*ckkkin BAKED, MANNN, you probably won't care about those things. Definitely worth checking out for the experience.
We've been here several times.  Ella's is a pretty well known spot in Madison for NY style deli sandwiches/soups and ice cream.

The location is full of kitschy toy stuff, on the ceilings, on the walls and even inside the wooden tables where games can be played while your waiting for (or eating your meal. The result of all the activity is that it is actually a noisy, clangy, plop-plop sounding place. Ella's is definitely targeting families with kids.

The location has a smaller version of an old-style carousel near the building, outside in the parking lot that brings back memories of days spent at Griffith Park in Los Angeles where it was a real thrill to ride the super-sized carousel.

The food here is AOK.  But, IMHO, this place is just about the experience, first, and the food, second.  Having said that, their hot sweet and sour cabbage soup with tidbits of beef is outstanding, as are their salads.
I was so delighted with finding this place. We drove in to Madison on our way to Chicago from Minneapolis/St. Paul, and we saw the carousel so we came back after going to downtown. Originally we were only going to grab some ice cream and let our son ride the carousel, but once we walked in and saw all of the fantasticness that was going on and I heard "corned beef," we were staying for dinner.

I have corned beef with pickles and onions, and my husband had the holishkes. Our son had a hot dog and french fries. I though my sandwich was perfect, and the cole slaw was great (wish there had been more!) My husband's food was very good, too, with good portions of his veggies. The bread and muffin that came with his dinner were just incredible. My son liked his dinner as well, but the applesauce was ridiculously small...it was in an over-sized thimble basically.

After dinner we had ice cream. I had Kitty Kitty Bang Bang and Cake Batter Fudge. My son had Superman. My husband had a Blueberry Cheesecake and the one with "everything" in it. The ice cream was incredible, and the girl working the counter (with a large hemp necklace) was just as great.

The prices and food were awesome, and the staff was very good as well. If we're ever back in the area, we'll definitely be back!
At the end of Back To The Future 3, creepy little Verne Brown signals and points to his crotch, when Doc is saying goodbye to Marty. No one knows why he did this. Well, a young girl was standing behind Marty. In fact, young Verne was known to do this and instead of moving to the next town like a logical person, Doc shifted his family from town to town in different time periods until the family landed in 1960's Madison. Verne was introduced to the "Hippie" lifestyle and soon changed his sex offender ways. Doc took this as an omen, he settled in and started a family restaurant. Ella's Deli was born.

I have an affinity for the creatively absurd, and only an absurd mind like Doc Brown's could have came up with such craziness. The decor is worth the price of a meal alone. Various cartoon characters from different generations float across the ceiling on motorized pulleys. Creepy clowns jump up and down on ledges. Pool balls travel along multiple tubes and contraptions across the entire ceiling. Each table had a diorama built inside of it. My 9 month old didn't stop looking around the whole time we were here.

Speaking of which, this might be the most family friendly restaurant I have ever been to. Along with the decor, there's a full size Merry Go Round outside of the place. The food is also very kid friendly, this is the first place I found with an "under 2 plate". Anyone with a kid who is just starting to eat knows how tough it is to go to a restaurant and try to share your food. They can only eat certain things, and everything has to be chopped up in little bits. Ella's makes this easy, putting yogurt, shaved turkey, crackers, peas and carrots, mandarin oranges, shredded cheese and applesauce on a tiny plate, charging us a little over 2 bucks. 

As far as the food goes, it's slightly above average. I had a Midwestern Burger, topped with a little horseradish sauce and big fried pickles. The burger was average, but the fried pickles were surprisingly good. My wife had the Garden burger which was good as well.

Dinner was pretty ho-hum, not bad but not the best. Then we had our socks knocked off with dessert. We shared a Turtle Grilled Poundcake Sundae, which was fantastic. We were fighting for spoonfuls, as the toppings were well balanced with the ice cream. So many times you get a turtle sundae and there is too much caramel or fudge, this one was perfect. I wanted to bring home some of the Poundcake to eat on its own (I wonder if they sell it to go? I should have asked).

This trip wasn't without its negatives. The actual food menu itself is unbelievably confusing, some of the items are listed twice in different parts of the menu, and it's pretty much hard to read. They should have someone clean it up. It took forever to be served. I know I came on Saturday during lunch, but we should be served a lot quicker than the over half hour we waited from putting in the order to be served our food.

Fun for all ages. I you haven't yet, you should dine here.
Horsey Carousel or mountain high ice cream?  Depending on the day, you can enjoy both!
This place is packed with knick knacks, circus figurines, moving sculptures, toys, you name it all over the walls and ceiling.  If you have ADHD you might want to put on some sunglasses.
There's a carousel outside that you can buy tickets for in the summer, but to be honest there is enough going on inside.  Food is good.  Basic. Hot dogs, burgers, noodles, mac and cheese, salads, etc. 
Ice cream sundaes, cones, and other deserts are delish and just how you remember from your childhood.
Your kids will be wound up on sugar, over stimulation visually and will want a treat at the candy counter on the way out.  Hopefully they'll pass out on the way home and you get some quiet moments in the car.
It's fun.  It's crazy. But those are some good memories.
Decent food with a family friendly environment.  Smells a little weird.
If you  have young or young at heart children you need to bring them here at least once..the decor can keep someone with add sitting still...wait staff is pretty friendly..food by and large was just ok and a little pricey for what you got, that being said the menu is very expansive and i cant imagine someone going there and not being able to find something they want to try..there is a carousel out front for kids to ride which is another plus for the kids.
The environment was fun and exciting for our two little kids. However the sloooow service really brought down my rating of it. Expect to be there for a while even when they're not busy. Food was good, but not worth the price you'll pay for it. It was a fun place for the kids to go to, but not sure I'll be back anytime soon.
DISGUSTING! 
I really want to just leave it at that, but that wouldn't be right. 
So let me tell you why I will never eat at Ella's again. 

For starters, it takes FOREVER until somebody comes over to seat you. Today I asked if I could sit in a booth, I wanted to pop out the laptop and needed some room to groove. I was walked over to the booths that line the one side of the restaurant and with the exception of the one that was occupied by a group of four, every single booth was overrun with dirty plates and glasses. Nothing says, "Come in, sit down, stay a while" like tables full of dirty shit. 

And so I was sat at a table. A table just a little too close to the server station, which is actually a server island. It's huge. And why? Stupid use of space. And a liiiiiiitle to visible. Today my lunch was punctuated by a dirty bus tub that stayed on the floor for mmmm 30 minutes before someone decided to pick it up and take it somewhere a bit more out of sight. And when she did, it was replaced by another bus tub, so servers could drop off more dirty shit instead of running it to the back. 

I won't go in to detail, it's not worth it, but suffice it to say it was rank. I almost lost it when a server dropped a few plates into the bin but sort of missed, making it so a smattering of fries blanketed the floor. Again, disgusting. 

I can't even comment on the food because my whole experience was tainted by the sight of ketchup smears, ice cream sundae remnants and those unruly stray fries. The only thing I kept thinking, "If this is their solution to clearing tables, I wonder what they think cleaning dishes means." 

Someone in Madison, please start making Matzo Ball soup. It's the only reason I went to Ella's but not even that is enough to get me to step foot in there after today. I would have to throw out the shoes I was wearing after and I have nice shoes.
I am not sure how to rate our experience at Ella's Deli. If I were my five year old, Ella's would get a five star review for sure. But, since I am not five...I need to point out a few things with a more distinguishing eye. 

First things first, my daughter had a great time. She loved the atmosphere, the ice cream and the carousal. We will be back for ice cream and a carousal ride. However I will not eat there again for a variety of reasons: 

-the food is overpriced 
-it wasn't that good 
-the service was not good, the initial host we talked to to get a table for our party of seven was rude, it took a long time to get seated. Another host eventually took care of us, but the initial contact left a bad taste 
-the restaurant was dusty
-the atmosphere was overstimulating 
-the cleaning stations in the middle of the restaurant have got to break some sort of health code
-the baby  changing table is OUTSIDE of the restrooms, so, when a child is being changed you can smell them 
-the menu was large and confusing 

I have a soft spot for places like this. I wish them the best. I hope they are able to renovate and stay Madison's first and best deli!
This is a good place to take your kid(s) because of all the gizmos and gadgets they have hanging around the restaurant. They keep the kids occupied for a good amount of time.

Service was only okay. Our waitress was friendly and helpful when needed. The downside was that they're so busy when we were there that we only had our water refilled once and it was done when we were almost finished eating. We were only given the kids cups too. I would think that since we have such small cups of water, that they would check often to see if we needed refills but that didn't happen.

The food was not good enough. I wouldn't even say it is okay. I got a burger which came with fries, a pickle and some coleslaw. The pickle and coleslaw was good but I have had better fries and burgers. My burger tasted dry and the fries were plain. My oldest son, who loves fries, tried one and didn't touch them again. He did enjoy the chicken tenders though. The price of the food is okay. I have had better food for the same price at other places.

I have to agree with some people about the cleanliness of this place. While we were waiting for our food, a worker cleaned up one of the booths next to us. He brushed all the leftover crumbs and french fries on to the ground. I thought he would be back to sweep it up but he never returned. The mess was still on the ground when we left an hour later.
AWFUL PLACE. The French toast they tout as indescribable can't be described on the menu because the word they'd have to use is "inedible"-- it was dry and flavorless. The noise level due to some stupid overhead maze using billiard balls is similar to being in a bowling alley. The coffee tastes like dishwater and the server was disinterested at best--just dropped off our coffee and walked away. My husband had to go to the busing station to find the Splenda. This was our first and only visit.
If you are going for viewing pleasure or dessert, PERFECT!  If you are going for an actual meal...don't.  The kids love this place, but they are also eating grilled cheese or chicken strips, hard to screw up.  The "adult" food is bland at best.  
Fun tables, fun views, and the merry-go-round is a plus, but just go for snacks.
If you haven't gone to Ella's Deli, treat yourself right and go now! The inside is decorated with endless decor that will remind EVERYONE of their childhoods, which is just the tip of the iceberg. They have a kosher menu with an ice cream shop inside too, and the service is simply unbeatable. Plus, this restaurant is located right on East Wash and is easy to find. :-)
My friends and I stumbled on this lovely place during winter break. If you are a person who has nightmares about moving dolls, this isn't really a nice atmosphere for you. They however do have famous characters on display such as spongebob and Harry potter.

They get most of their flavors from chocolate shoppe ice cream and the rest from other ice cream manufacturers. The food portions are small but the dessert portions are more than enough. Dessert in my opinion can't go wrong but I don't recall anything memorable about the I cream other than the banana split for two.
I am a little torn on how to rate this place like other reviews. This place is a must see for kids at least once. The place is unique with all of the crazy decorations and toys hanging around. From our kid's point of view,  it is definitely 5 stars. For my wife and I, a would only say 3 stars.  They have a very large selection on their menu and the ice cream/shakes are delicious. It is a little over priced, but I think it's is because of the experience. The food is nothing special or out of the ordinary. I remember going to this place when I was in high school and loved it, but now that I'm older, I'm like,  "Eh... its ok".
Ella's Deli is too close to my house not to go there. I don't see myself ever being a regular, but it's a fantastic place for kids. it keeps them busy and even gets them to eat a little. Ella's needs some major improvements in their food selection. we have bought their ice-cream multiple times and wereways happy with it. When I  finally took my niece there to look at all the amazing decor they have, we decided to give their food a try and it was not impressive at all. we tried their hot dogs and fries, a Ruben and coleslaw and a soup. all of which were bland and happily forgettable. We still left the place with a smile as my niece loved everything she saw there, and ate some of her food even though she didn't like it just to stay there a bit longer.
We were meeting a couple people quickly in Madison, and not knowing the place at all - decided to meet up at the "giant carousel place". We pulled in and were pleasantly surprised by the large dedicated parking lot. 

Inside the situation gets insane. Right when you walk in you are at risk of poking an eye out with the millions of flying things. There are unicyclists, clowns - even a harry potter on a broomstick that are hanging from wires all over the place. 

There were tons of tables that had kitschy little trinkets under the glass - some even moved and were interactive! The server station is in the middle of the restaurant. The menu looks like a different middle schooler designed each page. The deli, which is what they started as, is down to about 10 logs of meat. The ice cream selection was good, and we both settled only for a cone and not a meal. The 'gift shop' area was a cramped little cash register with some old candy, creepy stuffed animals and little knick knacks. 

While we didn't eat, the reviews of the food seem fine enough. The carousel is cute and a nice little addition. Not sure I'd ever venture specifically to come here, but it was a cute little meeting spot.
Love this place! The nostalgia the food the service... Love love love. Summer time and the ice cream the carousel. Makes me so happy!!!
Been stopping here since the early 80's. The deli is kosher and I have'nt ate off the food menu for many years. Mom and I stopped here for a sundae as usual and the turtle sundae's are excellent! I had the poundcake turtle sundae and mom the regular turtle sundae as the poundcake has cinamon in it and she's allergic.

This place is a must stop on our roadtrips!
If you go expecting a typical deli experience, forget it. Go for the atmosphere!

We KNEW it was going to be a circus (literally) but even then were impressed/overwhelmed by the place- wild!!

The menu was a surprise- a binder seemingly done by a kid who just discovered Print Shop. 2 pages of banana splits alone, in the $6.75-7.50 range, but then a rather slim drink list. I really felt this could have been done better and still kept the fun feel.

I got a classic Reuben, my wife a Mediterranean Salad, and we shared a delicious Zanzibar dark chocolate banana split. The meal was perfectly good, but the split was delicious! The Reuben was $8.80+2.75 for the combo platter (fries). The fries were perfectly crispy, the side of slaw was nice, and the Reuben could have been a bit thicker for the price but was tasty.

The service was warm and friendly. I suspect the decor drives the staff slightly crazy over time, but it is in a good way. There was a bit of a line at the small check out stand/gift shop but not bad. 

The decor is... is... look, you just got to see it. The various You Tube videos don't do it justice. The small gift shop is equally fun and kitschy.

We'll go back, especially if we can drag along some kids!
I want Ella's to be better. But the food is only okay and the service is slow. The food is overpriced and not that special (except the fried pickles -- those were great).

I do question the judgment of people who think that Ella's is going to be a quiet place for dinner, though. Seriously? Could you not tell from the carousel outside that it's not good for meetings? 

By all means, bring kids here. It's a great place for them to look around and be entertained. And my husband loves the grilled pound cake. But it seems cramped, dirty and in dire need of an overhaul. I'd love to see them close down over the winter and completely update the inside and the menu.
Holy kitsch!

My fiance and I went in here recently to see if it lived up to the standards we'd set for the place when we were little kids. The place had begun to fade from my memory so aside from a cacophony of mechanical whirring and children playing I didn't know exactly what to expect.

The dcor is just as tacky as I remember. Trains chugging along the walls, flying Bart Simpsons and Yellow Submarines, the creepy little girl on a swing rocking back and forth. The place gets to be a bit of sensory overload, but that's sorta what it's known for. 

The server who took our order was very nice. i have no complaints about the service.

I have both good and bad to say about the food:
+The reuben I got was well built. It didnt get soggy until the very end when it was mostly just kraut and dressing left.
+The flavor of the reuben was great. I wouldn't say it was the best I've ever had, but it can definitely hold its own. The kraut they use is particularly tasty
+I can't believe I'm mentioning this, but the soda. I got a cherry Pepsi, but it's not like cherry Pepsi that you're used to. They use crushed ice and a shot of grenadine to mix it. That in and of itself isn't unusual--you can get grenadine in cola at most any bar or supper club if you ask--but the proportions here are heavenly (and that word isn't an understatement). Usually places add way too much grenadine and it tastes like carbonated cough syrup. I've stopped drinking soda almost entirely except for going out to eat, so to make something relatively mundane like Pepsi taste fantastic is commendable.

-The fries were meh. Nothing stood out about them. They were just bland bits of potato.
-My fiance got the mushroom and swiss burger, and her patty was burned. She took it apart to show me and it was, indeed, black as a hockey puck on the bottom.

Overall, I'd say that this place is worth stopping into if you have nostalgia about coming here as a kid or if you have children yourself. If you're a transplant to the Madison area and without kids, I'd suggest passing on this place for now. It's not that the food is bad, it's just about average and you don't need to surround yourself with kids and toys to enjoy average food. This place is, ultimately, a novelty and they're very good at being a novelty, but they're not the kind of place I imagine anyone being a regular at.
Five things you should know about Culver's:

#1.  While considered fast food, no need to get all Eric Schlosser on Culver's.  Family owned.  Treats workers fairly.   Good quality food.  
#2.  They sell fried cheese curds.  As far as I know, it's the only fast food joint that does this.
#3.  You can replace your soda with a shake.
#4.  But you might not want to because their root beer is really tasy.
#5.  Butter Burger - it's just as tasty and as unhealthy as it sounds.

The fast food of choice when in Wisconsin.
They used to have the most delicious cod filet sandwich.  The synthetic grated cheddar cheese and tartar sauce really made it come alive.  I shudder at the thought, but I don't think they offer it on their menu anymore. Must have been underappreciated (and probably undercooked).
This is some delicious midwestern fast food.  They have, or once had, the greatest fried fish sandwich with tartar sauce and grated cheddar cheese. OMG, what a treat. My compadre ordered the fish and chips, but they didn't have any malt vinegar, so he walked down to Perkin's down the street and brought back a bottle. Hilarious it was. And of course, no trip to this place is complete without a scoop of frozen custard to make sure you are good and ill.
We're talking fast food here but I still give it 5 stars.  Every Culver's I go into is consistently good and the menu is unique for fast food.  Best of all I am not repulsed by the thought of their employees touching my food, they hire good people.
Oh Culver's how I love you!  I don't know if you know this but we have a special connection; your first location is in my hometown.  Even though I've moved away, I've not forgotten you.  Our reunion this weekend was bittersweet; the delicious chicken tenders and french fries...if only I'd had a chocolate custard ice cream cone...oh well, it will give me an excuse to stop in the next time that I'm home. 

I hope that you know how special you are; after all, you're the only fast-food restaurant that can make me forget that I've read Fast Food Nation and Omnivore's Dilemma...a pretty significant accomplishment.
I ate at one. I just have no idea where it was. I know it was next to a freeway, and I was in or around Madison. Here is the deal, its not bad. There are a lot worse, ie, McDonalds, Wendy's, Burger King, etc. The butter burger is not made of butter.
Frozen custard is so good it's a sin, and you'll have to confess the next day. And Culver's is the best.

I love it with bits of reeses peanut butter cups and peanut butter mixed in. Topped with warm caramel. Yummy!
I really like their concrete mixers. I am disappointed that the Culvers at this location doesn't hand out dog treats when they see you have dogs in your car going through the drive through. Most of the other Culvers, especially the East side one always handed those out. It's just nice customer service when they do that.
I'm going to let you all in on a little secret...this Culver's location features a daily dollar item. Everything ranging from $1 cheese curds to $1 waffle cones and caramel cashew sundaes. It's a surprise everyday! I'm also a big fan of the $4 Snackpak...a butterburger, fries and a drink for only $4. You can't get this kind of value at your more traditional fast food chains these days. 

Although the burgers are pretty greasy and the custard probably has more fat than I want to contemplate, Culver's is a great treat every now and again.
I had another butter burger with cheddar and you know what, its pretty good. They are certainly better than that shit known as In n Out. The fries are actually very good as well. I am a fan.
This restaurant chain is way way overrated.
They have some good ice cream and some ok food that is not built upon using healthy ingredients.  Overpriced for what you get.
I once had some shrimp at their Fond du Lac location that was overcooked, dry and tasteless  When they first appeared in the market they were better than other burger joints and we were less educated about what good food is.  They have gone downhill over the years and we no longer go there.
For flavor, Burger King Steakhouse burger Wendy's burger is better in the category of "fast food" only.
Love the grilled cheese basket (w fries), concrete chocolate shake.  Love the reycling in the restaurant.  Love the cheese butter burger (w onion rings).  People in WI are so nice.  Some of the tables were not cleaned yet, but it was after lunch rush, and there were plenty other to choose from.  It is the only midwest-fast-food type burger joint we eat at.  It is way better than fast food!
Went back recently with an open mind and ordered their double butter burger.  The burger looked nice.  The lettuce and tomato were fresh and the bun looked good too.  But the overall flavor was really not very good.  I challenge everyone who things this is a good burger to set aside their preconceived notions about this sandwich and just pay attention to the flavor.   Mine tasted like burnt oil on an overcooked hamburger patty with absolutely zero beef flavor.  I would actually eat a McDonalds quarter pounder with cheese before I would eat one of these "butter burgers".
Take a look at the meat, way, way overcooked.

Update:  Went back again and ordered the chicken sandwich.   It was quite dry and flavorless.   The only thing that saved it was that it was hot.

This pretty much does it for me and this business.   They really aren't serving up very good food and I can say that I have had some of the worst meals ever from Culver's versus other restaurants.  It has come to the point where we talk about stopping some place quick and we always opt away from any Culver's.  Until they improve the quality of their food we won't be going back and I expect that will probably be never since they think their food is pretty good.

Update:  Stopped by for a cooler.  Good price, well made and delicious.  Very refreshing.  We don't get any burgers, fish or chicken here anymore but the custard and other treats are always good.  We also noticed that they grounds are immaculate and they have planted at least a hundred or more different plants.   It sure would be nice if other places did such a nice job with their grounds.  They get 5 stars for grounds, 4 stars for dessert and 1 star for food.  I up the review 1 star overall for their work on the grounds and the good desserts.
Everytime I am in the Midwest I go for a Culvers burger. There is something comforting about downing their butter burger...and who doesn't love that they have Diet Mt Dew on the menu. That is the Midwest for you.

Everything was A-OK and if I had to eat a fast food burger this would be my go to place.
Just came from there, and during prime time too, The bread was hard the entire double cheese burger was greasy and the cheese looked like it was left out for two days the ends were hard. Never again. Culver's of Madison, WI - Todd Drive
2102 West Beltline Hwy.
Madison, WI 53713
http://www.culvers.com/
Never being one to judge, I have gone back several times for the Pot-Roast sandwich.
mmmmYUM! Service seems wonderful, and as I expected the fries are awesome. So while the heat of the moment got the better of me in the last review. With this menu item I'm happy again.
I'm a Michael's gal!
This is a 5 star location for Culver's!
-Best staff
-Best food 
-Best Smiles!
Tried the Colby Jack Pub Burger, YUM*, very tasty will fer sure get it again. Service was first rate, I was there around 9 pmish.
Great curds
This is going to seem petty and dumb, but...

WORST USE OF DIGITAL SIGNAGE, EVER. EVER. EVER!

For the love of Pete, why - WHY - don't you display your flavor of the day???? I drive past this location twice daily, and I *never* have any idea what your flavor of the day is. Instead, I get reminders that you're "Open 'Til Midnight" and that you have "$1 Floats" and "$1 Corn dogs." Yay. Good for you. That's awesome. Weee.

Only, I don't care about your floats or your corn dogs. Tell me what your G-D flavor of the day is (like every other single fooking Culver's sign does) so that I can swing in and get me a hit of Really Reese's or Andes Mint when you have it available.

Because your signage sucks, I refuse to visit this location.*

And also, what kind of digital sign can't scroll multiple messages?! Maybe you could tell me that you're Open Til Midnight, and that you have $1 Corn Dogs, AND that your flavor of the day is _______?**

*This rant brought to you buy a guy who would've loved to have finished off his evening with a delicious scoop of something from your flavor of the day. Only you don't broadcast your flavor of the day, and this guy doesn't want to risk hitting the drive-thru to learn that your flavor of the day is something crappy like Berry Bliss or Blueberry Cordial. Ick. You're a custard shop that staked its place by having awesome flavors of the day. Don't downplay it - own it and share it!!!!! PLEASE!!!!

** I realize that the City of Madison prohibits scrolling signs; however, the city does not prohibit alternating messages every five minutes. So, while a scroll may not be possible, an alternate message *might* just afford an opportunity for passers by to learn a little more about what's available at this location. I'd ask: "What are more people interested in? Knowing you're open until midnight, or that you have Oreo Overload as the flavor of the day?"

*** UPDATE as of 4/17/14: So... several people have messaged me to tell me that the city doesn't allow flashing or scrolling signs. But.... The Ward Brodt store (directly next door, shares same parking area) HAS A SCROLLING SIGN that advertises specials and lessons. So does American TV, and so does the carpet store just east of this Culver's. Why can't these jokers advertise something other than $1 Hot Fudge Sundaes? 

Done. Totally done.
What a Culver's.  Perfect one day, not quit perfect the next. 

Thankfully the custard is always great. Especially with a $1 special normally custard, weekly. The place is clean but not as polished compared to other Culver's.   Can't wait to see the update on this locations.

Service is OK, but nothing stands out. No wows but no negativity either. They sure are a busy place. 

Bonus they are open until midnight seven days a week. So when you need your custard fix they're open for you.
Culvers is a very solid burger joint. I really like the variety of options you can choose from in the menu as well as the prices. They are a family oriented establishment and uses good quality food. I love their chicken tenders. They are 100% breast meat and totally fulfilling. If you order the basket, you get 4 tenders, fries, dipping sauce and a large drink. I can never finish my meal. Honestly, 2 tenders are enough. You'll be pretty full after this meal.
This place is a total jewel off the beaten path!  If you're looking for a light lunch comprised of salad or sandwich, or perhaps even just a snack, this is the place to come!

Located a mere 20 feet from the strip, if you eat on the terrace of Sugar & Ice you will feel yourself transported far away from the noise and commotion of Las Vegas.   Instead, you'll feel relaxed and refreshed as you sit by a large pond and three story waterfall.

I had the Tomato & mozzarella panini, perfectly toasted, and it was a wondeful sandwich!   Served with homemade potato chips, it was a very nice lunch and a calm and soothing way to end our Las Vegas weekend.

Even though we were sitting outside where the temperature was 106, we felt nice and not hot at all, thanks to the cooling effect of the waterfall.  Truly this is a hidden jewel, but totally worth the try!
This is as close as Wynn gets to an ice cream parlor. This place serves desserts and light snacks. It has a view of part of Wynn's water features. I've been here a few times, but so far haven't had anything except gelato. Coconut crunch varies from very good to excellent - very good coconut flavor, rich ice cream, and a pleasing crunch. Peanut butter ice cream is merely good - rich ice cream, but the peanut butter/chocolate flavor is too sweet.

While the food is nothing to get excited about, it's a very pleasant place to stop and relax, especially if you can snag a table outside, right next to the waterfall.  Stare into the mist and forget you're in Las Vegas (ignore the minor distraction of a 3,000 room hotel in the background).
I love this little cafe! It really is more of a stop for Sugar and Ice (cream that is) than a lunch. But they do have a great location in the Wynn esplanade. It is the perfect stop at the end of a stroll down the shops. Yes, this is they Wynn so they have to pay for all the beautiful flowers they keep in bloom around the hotel, so everything in this hotel is expensive.
It is just one of those cute places that you can stop in for a quick lunch or dessert instead of doing dessert at one of their sit down restaurants!
Seeing as my friends and I needed some nourishment before partying like rock stars, we ended up grabbing salads and taking in the view of the terrace outside complete with waterfall. As we waited for our food and seeing as it was still 90+ degrees, we opted to move back into the restaurant where the air conditioning would keep us cool as well as our salads. 

However, upon entering back in, the waiter mentions (my friends say jokingly but I think otherwise) he was glad we came back in because he was waiting for us. Was he trying to be smart with us? I dunno but not expected for a 5-diamond hotel. 

The salads were okay and mine was drenched with too much Italian dressing. On second thought, it was actually swimming in it. Next time I'll ask for dressing on the side.
Droool....

....drool.....
  
      ....droooool....

HICCUP!


Date Rating: 8
Pick up Scale: 2

Strong Suggestions: Stick to the ice cream. Double Chocolate Fudge Brownie something or other... or Mint chocolate chip.  MMMM sorbet.
This is a terrific little place.  The gelato is great, but the location is better.  It is at the end of the Esplanade at the Wynn.  When we were in there one Thursday evening in late July the place was virtually empty, with the exception of a lovely young couple and their three kids.  The couple was Andre Agassi and Stefanie Graf.  It was fun watching their familiy interacting and thoroughly enjoying themselves.  Their kids were having an absolutely great time.   By the way,  I highly recommend the chocolate shakes.
Food: I came here for ice cream (which I originally thought was gelato!). The ice cream here is good. They also have other items here like salads, sandwiches, and burgers. I believe there was this huge $25 burger which looked delicious!

Price: Pretty cheap, a nice place to dine for lunch

Location: Located in the Wynn, a short walk from Fashion Show Mall or Treasure Island.

Atmosphere: I liked the atmosphere here. Sugar and Ice is very cute, it looks like the inside of gingerbread house or something! Also there is outdoor seating near a waterfall.

Service: Okay, not super friendly at all
What a nice little find at Wynn Hotel! This place not only serves ice cream by also, lunch selections such as sandwiches, soups, salads. Prices are naturally what one would expect to find in an upscale hotel, but then when you think about it, it's not THAT much when you consider how much everything else is in comparison.

One scoop of ice cream was $4.50 and a grilled cheese sandwich with a bowl of tomato soup was $8.50 (just to give you an idea).

Service wasn't bad, it is counter service and then you go sit down and they are supposed to bring your food out (they give you a number) but then I noticed most people went up to the counter and got their own food.

There is a waterfall right outside on the patio area which creates lovely background scenery if you like that sort of stuff. It was way too hot to sit outside so we enjoyed it from within. 

The ice cream was really good though, creamy and rich. Reminded me of Piccomolo in Irvine. Can't review the other stuff because we only ate the ice cream.
At the tail end of our trip to Vegas, we roamed around the Wynn hotel and stopped in here for a snack. Cute little ice cream/sandwich caf at the end of row of stores (the most upscale, high-end retail stores you'll find anywhere) at the north end of the Wynn.  

The boy ordered a large scoop of the mango and coconut ice cream ($5), and I got a bowl of tomato soup ($5). Probably the most reasonable food items you'll get in this hotel, but still pretty tasty. They have about 10 or so ice cream flavors (gelato-style) and a good selection of sandwiches that looked pretty good too. 

Just as impressive (or more) than the food is the outside patio area that looks over several man-made gushing waterfalls and a river that pours into the front lagoon area of the hotel. Truly a Vegas-style wilderness touch to make you feel like you're not really in the desert.
Nothing cools you off better than 2 Wynn banana splits for $40. 

The banana splits come with your choice of 3 flavors (pineapple, mango, cherry almond) were my faves, two bananas, whipped cream and crushed peanuts. 

This waterfall reminds me of Fantasy Island.
Although it was winter, after being a tourist and walking 2 hours from the Bellagio to finally end up at the Wynn, it was time for an afternoon snack. Being in the Wynn, the prices for this ice cream place was little high, but that was expected. I wanted a pick me up so I got a scoop of homemade coffee ice cream in a sugar cone. The scoop was freaking huge! I think I def crashed from the sugar and caffeine high after eating my cone. I wish they had kids scoops cause one scoop was too much. The coffee flavor was also really strong coffee so if my seving was halved, I prob would have been happier, too.
Very good dessert and sandwiches. Great place for lunch. They also have hamburgers, and desserts, like their homemade ice creams. The coconut crunch, cherry almond, and pistachio ice creams are really good. The double chocolate with oreos is really sweet. I have yet to try the rest. I've had the blt sandwich, and I think it tastes good with the crossiant as the bread. Again, this is a place to appreciate the Wynn hotel. They have an outdoor patio area with its very own lake and waterfalls. Great picture taking place!
I thought the ice cream was waaaayyyyyyy too sweet.  I can't remember the last time I tossed half an ice cream cone in the trash, but I just couldn't finish it!  My wife's chocolate milk shake was overwhelming, too.  And we LOVE sweets!
good sandwiches, good godly ice cream, good outside patio, good view of the waterfall, good ice coffees.  Whats not to like??? oh yea a lil bit pricy minus 1 star!
Prices notwithstanding, Sugar and Ice is pretty darn yummy! Sure, it's $6 for ice cream and $11 for mini burgers, but I didn't expect any less from an ice cream shop located in the Wynn.

What I did expect was for the food to be delicious - and it was.

We ordered two scoops of ice cream - cookies and cream and stracciatella (vanilla with flecks of dark chocolate). Both were rich, creamy and sweet - the cookies and cream wasn't your average run-of-the-mill with boxed oreos, instead there were large hunks of chocolate chip cookie in the ice cream. Mmmm. The stracciatella was also yum, with chocolate laced generously throughout. The scoops were large - still not worth $6, but definitely not skimpy.

I ordered Kobe beef sliders to go, and we took it back to our hotel. The little burgers were perfect bites - with tiny tomatoes, melted cheese, and the rest of the fixings! The fries were also perfect - crispy, crunchy and just hit the spot. Sure, I paid a hefty price for it - so I was going to enjoy every single bite. I compared my to-go box to the plates I'd seen served in the restaurant, and I'd like to think that I got more portion-wise.

For a place with Steve Wynn standards, expect Steve Wynn prices.
My husband and I stopped  at Sugar & Ice one morning as we were waiting for shops to start opening at 10am.  The food and drink were a little pricey, but good.  I had a delicious iced latte and we sat out on the patio watching the waterfall.  It was relaxing, and a great way start off the morning.
We had a quick lunch here after my winning streak at the Wynn and before heading over to window shop at the mall. The man went with the special of the day-Kobe beef sliders with fries and I had a caprese panini. 

Both of our dishes were served on house made rolls which were fresh and tasty. The sliders were beautifully presented and delicious and the fries were crispy and perfect for sharing. My sandwich was nicely balanced with ripe tomatoes and good pesto which was mild enough for my guy to eat (he doesn't typically like pesto). We sat outside under a large umbrella with a waterfall right in front of us giving off a lovely breeze. It made me think of being in Hawaii and I forgot for just a moment we were in 105 degree weather.

The ice cream concoctions other guests were eating looked yummy as well, but we abstained.
I would definitely go back to Sugar & Ice next time I'm at the Wynn.  We had two different smoothies (mine was the berry lemonade) and it was very good.  My husband said his was a tad too sweet, but he finished it all, so... :)  Yes, it's pricey and the ladies behind the counter weren't very friendly at all, but it's a cute place with an awesome view.  I'd go again.
I was bored outta my mind inside the Wynn shopping area waiting for the women in my group to leave Manolo's when I saw the oasis known as Sugar & Ice and the ice cream display facing the outside.  I immediately went there and saw the different flavors.  I automatically thought it was gelato so I asked to taste a scoop of the Tiramisu and the Bananas Foster flavors(found out later it was ice cream).  Holy moly both were awesome but I wasn't too hungry.  So the girl gave me a half scoop of each in a cup for $5.  Next time if I have to wait anywhere in that shopping area, I''m going straight there.
Cute place to get some dessert. The staff was very nice. The flavors of ice cream and sorbet are decadent. The prices were pretty high but we got some anyway. The flavors were spot on, totally delicious.
There was a chunk of chocolate the size of a thumb in my ice cream... and I don't think it was a mistake.

Way to go, you magnificent ice creamiers!
When they mean sugar and ice they are not kidding! In preparation for my upcoming Vegas trip, I thought it was time for me to catch up on my Vegas reviews since I am looking for advice on where to go as well.  

Avoid this place! Tourist trap...sure it may LOOK pretty and enticing but it is fail! This is not gelato... I have been all over Europe last year ...11 countries... and this place is a joke and the price is pretty high

My new goal of late is to try as many new places as possible and to let people know what to expect.  The reviews were deceiving and I was expecting some delicious gelato but found myself standing there with 2 scoops and a chocolate waffle cone for $10 are you kidding me! For that price I could get 10 Virgin Pina Coladas in any hotel just by tipping the server.  The cone was too sugary.  Their chocolate coating didn't even taste like real chocolate but waxy sweetness that was not worth the money or calories.  I have yet to find a good gelato place in Vegas.  Don't fall for the pretty cases! lol
A quaint spot, without the Wynn prices!

We ordered the Kobe Beef Sliders and Chili Cheese Fries.  The sliders were pretty good.  The buns were soft and toasty.  The kobe beef was tasty.  The fries were perfect.  The chili cheese fries were just right (wasn't feeling Tommy's style Chili Cheese fries).  Shared some of the sweet potato fries which were a nice compliment.

The ambiance was cool, service was quick and nice.  Would go back for that quick snizzack in between buffets! =)
While looking for a place for lunch, my friends and I walked into the Wynn and stumbled upon Sugar & Ice. It was a really cute place with decor that reminded me of Alice in Wonderland.

They had a special for kobe beef sliders that were only $10 and REALLY good! My friend got the same thing and the other friend got the tomato soup and grilled cheese that she also enjoyed.

Ice cream was on the expensive side and nothing special in my opinion, but sliders and decor were great!
This place has everything!

Tons of house made ice cream (they have a double chocolate oreo that I got to taste - very good), milk shakes, fro yo, and various sandwiches, burgers, and salads. Everytime I've been here has been for fro yo - I've tried the chocolate fro yo, and the vanilla fro yo. Both hit the spot, and they are generous on portions!

They also have a lot of cute boots and chairs, and a balcony area opens up to the waterfall at the Wynn.

The only reason this place doesn't get four stars is because the staff is always snarling and they don't smile. Ever. If I say thank you with a smile, they look at me with the same stony expression and sometimes they grunt at me.
2 stars b/c the patio is a great place to sit, and the resident pigeons were great entertainment. Plus the staff was fast and friendly, and the decor was really cute. =) 

Overpriced, gross turkey burger, and it didn't even come with fries. Looked like a charred hockey puck, and tasted aweful. I knew I should have just ordered a simple turkey sandwich. My husband's chili cheese dog was one of those scary red ones, covered in liquid, neon orange, nacho cheese. Again, overpriced, but his came with fries, which were very tasty.  He didn't seem to like it so much, but he ate it b/c he paid for it.

Don't waste your money on food, just get dessert.
My husband and I had lunch here after walking by the menu on our last 2 trips here and always saying "we need to try this place."

I had the Kobe sliders and fries. I thought they were good. I have had better sliders but they were tasty. The fries were very good - thin and crispy. My husband got the grilled cheese and bacon sandwich with soup. They did not skimp on the bacon! I would definitely get this next time. He got it with the navy bean soup which he said was good but we both thought the tomato soup would be better call next time :)  We also got the sweet potato fries to share as I have never had them - very yummy.

The line to order was pretty slow but I think this was more a "people waiting to decide what to order until they get to the cashier" issue rather than a cashier issue as once she got to us - she was fast.  And the food came out quickly (they bring it to the table.)

The tables outside seem like they would be great when warm and not windy but it was quite chilly and windy in LV during this trip.
If you're an ice cream fan, you'll love this place. Whenever I come to Vegas, I stop by Sugar and Ice. I'm a huge fan of the coconut. The sweet potato fries are yummy as well. The place is pricey but I totally recommend the ICE CREAM. 

I love the outside patio. There's a very pretty waterfall. It does get a bit chilly outside if you sit out during the winter time. - J
Any place that has sweet potato fries automatically gets three stars.  A place that serves the fries in a mini fryer gets an extra star.  It's all about aesthetics and this place has got it down!  I wish I took a picture to show you all, but my fat @$$ ate it too fast.

$4.50 for deep fried deliciousness and a view of the Wynn waterfall, not too shabby!
Visit: 5/17/09 - Snack.  Ate Mango gelato and mocha.

Mango Gelato was bad.  Tasted sour.  

Mocha was not any better than drinking drity water.

This place is so dirty.  All the seats were sticky and no one cleaned the tables.  

Service here was so slow.  It took a long time to get my order in because they took so long to fill orders that they are supposed to bring to your table.  This place is terrible.

The prices were really high.  My gelato one tiny scoop was $7.

I would not come back here, even if the out door seating has a nice view.
This is a good restaurant to go to if you don't feel like spending big dollars on a fancy restaurant and you're too lazy to make a reservation. It's right at the entrace of Wynn, on the left. 

The food is pretty standard, it isn't bad but it isn't great. The prices aren't cheap but compared to most restaurants in Vegas, it's reasonable. If you do decide to sit down, they'll give you a number and bring the food out to you. Note** I hope you're not hungry because it takes them a while to bring the food out. I don't know if it's just crappy service or if they have a hard time finding your number but either way, be prepared to wait at least 15-20 minutes for them to bring your food out to you. They also have an icecream/gelato bar (which I didn't try) with a bunch of different flavors too.

If you sit outside, you get a nice view of a waterfall.
This review is only for their gelato...but boy do they get that right!

The first time I order a single scoop of mango sorbetto and it was huge and oh so mango-y!  Totally worth the $5 that they charge for it.

Came back the next day and ordered the tiramisu gelato. OMG!! It was the best tiramisu gelato ever!  It was the first time I had ice cream with huge chunks of tiramisu in it and it was muy delicioso!

Sugar & Ice is my #1 choice to get my gelato fix in Vegas =)
The food at sugar and Ice was decent. I ate here this past weekend while staying at the Encore in Vegas.  Sugar and Ice is the closest thing to cheap food you are going to get at Wynn resort. After having eaten at Mix the previous night, my gf and I decided to just eat something quick. I ordered the Ahi Tuna burger and she got the Turkey
Cute place for ice cream. We shared a banana split. It was ok. Nothing memorable.
I didn't really try much but the kobe sliders were really good. I love how their fries are skinny and fresh! The patio seating is gorgeous because you're right next to the waterfall which kept the area nice and cool. This is very casual because you basically get a number and sit. But the decor is very fancy for this type of restaurant. The setup was a little confusing for me. What if you don't want gelato? Do you cut in front of all those people to order? Or do you wait? How does the system work? But other than that, Sugar and Ice is great for a quick and cheap meal.
Not a bad place for an inexpensive (for Vegas resort price scale) lunch or light dinner.  Had some fish tacos that had good, fresh flavor.  Accompanying tortilla chips, guacamole, and salsas were pretty good.  I'd give this casual eatery and ice-cream shop a 3 1/2 star rating if I could.

Service isn't the zippiest, and it can get a little loud when there are crowds of little ones in for sweet treats.  It's convenient and not fussy at all, though, and that wins it some points in the pantheon of Sin City dining options.
For a place that is called "Suger & Ice," I assumed that their sugar and ice  should be pretty fantastic since that is that they decided to name their store.  They had their summer spiked snow cone special white grape or raspberry for $10!  Ok, $10 for ice, sugar, and a bit of alcohol was not one of my wisest moments in Vegas.  I seriously prefer getting Casino Royale's lemonline margaritas for $1.   

For a nice mid-day snack, I recommend their kobe beef sliders.  Not sure if it was because of the kobe beef, but their sliders was juicy and so tender that leaves that MmMm feeling in your mouth even though you've long finished your meal.  Their fries that came with the sliders were skinny and crisp.  This place is very modernly cute with all sorts of trendy clock works and has a nice ambiance for a potential rest stop for a midday snack or dessert in between gambling, shows, and buffet eating.
Sugar & Ice is a cute cafe where you can get some ice cream / gelato or some food while enjoying the beautiful Wynn premises. We stopped in here because wanted to have an easy, affordable breakfast. I had a croissant with bacon, eggs, and cheese. It was a little greasy, but that's probably what made it delicious. My boyfriend had an omelet. They were about $10-12 each. You order at the counter and they will bring the food to you promptly. The cafe has a great location overlooking a waterfall and miniature lake. There are plenty of umbrellas so you can sit cool in the shade. I'd definitely recommend it if you are looking for an affordable place to eat for breakfast or lunch!
Food was really good. They have typical American fast food but for more of course. This is also an ice cream shop. You order at the counter and they bring your food out to your table. We sat outside and enjoyed the view of the waterfalls while having lunch. Only thing I didn't like was that you have to get up and go back to the counter if you need a refill on your drink :-/. I had the American Icon Burger with fries and that was about $20 but worth it!
If you've ever been to Vegas, you've probably endured one of the worst hangovers in your life. What's the secret cure to a hangover?? (Other than Gatorade). - SOUP!!! For $8.95, you get a hearty bowl of tomato bisque and a grilled cheese sandwich, and trust me when I say that this will turn a drunken frown upsidedown within seconds. 

This place is a basic traditional American cafe - burgers, fries, soda...and gelato! I did not have the pleasure of trying the gelato, but they were running a special for Kobe beef sliders & fries that looked quite delicious. The portions are fairly large, so don't order too much or else you'll explode. Everything on the menu is affordable (considering it's Vegas and it's at the Wynn), so you can use whatever left over cash you have and throw it all down on one hand at the tables.

Make sure to grab a seat on the outdoor patio so you can enjoy the mist from the luxurious waterfall. =)
Before it was time for me to leave Wynn, I saw someone eating ice cream which looked so darn good.  I found out it was from Sugar & Ice.  I got the tiramisu ice cream and creme brulee ice cream, both were absolutely delicious but my favorite was the tiramisu ice cream.  I cannot wait until my next visit so that I can get some of that ice cream again.  It really doesn't make any sense for something to taste that good...I am still thinking about it. :-)
I came here a year ago for their prosciutto sandwich which was really really good.  I came back this trip for it, but its off their menu now.  Even the lady at the register was sad about it and kept raving about how it was so good!!  I opted for the mini kobe beef sliders which turned out to taste like any regular hamburger ive ever had.  It lacked flavor and could use a little grilled onions.  They looked really good and super cute though! It comes with three mini burgers, a pickle, and fries.  My friend got the tomato bisque with grilled cheese sandwich and said it was delicious. 

I like its convenience and the patio outside which overlooks the mini waterfalls.
won some money at the tables earlier and I said "what the hell", maybe I should eat something.

That something turned into the $24.95 1lb burger at Sugar & Ice cafe inside of Wynn's Casino.

There were approx 50 customers, 49 of which ordered either ice cream or something sweet.  I walked up and said "1lb burger, medium"

That poor Asian lady behind the counter gave me a double take, I said "yes I'm sure I want the 1lb burger. Oh no thanks, I don't need any extra plates to share, just me"

They took what, 10-15 minutes to make this thing?

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L-zHt7gZITG1z8l7TZ4dUg?select=QzqxyTP-hLIc0rJoUvwiAA

Burger was served on a cutting board so I sliced the burger into halves for easy handling and processing.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L-zHt7gZITG1z8l7TZ4dUg?select=dT_-zMvshLJHqZTrf15u5Q

5 minutes later I was done.

who's next?
I was looking for some tasty snacks and we ended up here (the name was the deciding factor for me)...it's a very cozy restaurant with a main seating area and an outside patio complete with waterfall. To get your food, you must first place your order at the counter and they take the food out to you...there are sandwiches, quiches, desserts and coffee. I ordered the apple pie with vanilla ice cream $5.50 and a cup of coffee $3. The view of the waterfall had us sitting outside, although the inside was very inviting with the very cool air condition. It was 100 degrees outside but I couldn't resist the man-made view. My apple pie with ice cream was delicious and the gigantic cup of coffee a delight. 

I really liked this place. It was cute, cozy and i liked the ambiance inside and outside.
Having just arrived in Vegas at around lunchtime, I was looking for a spot that wasn't too crowded and had decently priced food.  That's when I remembered to hit up Sugar & Ice at The Wynn because I wanted to try their $10 Kobe sliders on my last trip there but didn't have the time to stop by.  I love how they have outdoor patio seating overlooking the waterfall outside.  Very tranquil atmosphere on a hot summer day while snacking on some Kobe sliders w/ fries (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L-zHt7gZITG1z8l7TZ4dUg?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw), which were good and pretty much a bargain on the Strip when compared to other places that sell them for like $18-25, without fries nonetheless.  If your around or at the Wynn and looking for a great quick bite, try out Sugar & Ice, one of the few cheap spots at the hotel.
Dine outside, order the shrimp ceviche gazpacho and you will be happy. the kobe beef sliders were tasty too ;) After many smoke-filled dining experiences in Vegas, this was a nice treat.
Whenever I find myself in Las Vegas and in need of an icy treat, I always come here. Hours are pretty awesome -- closes at 12am, which is great since I'm always out late during a Vegas trip!

My sisters and I have come here quite a few times and found out about it through Food Network. I'd say that this place beats the more well-known ice cream places such as Dreyers and Haagen Dazs.

They offer a variety of treats, from gelato to sweet potato fries. My sisters and I always get their gelato, and it never fails to disappoint. My mom even likes this place a lot -- whenever she wants to eat ice cream, she says, "Let's go to the gelato place in the Wynn!" My favorites are the Cherry Almond, Pistachio, and Coconut Crunch. They've got sorbets as well, with a number of fruity flavors. The cost is a bit steep (about $4) for a "single scoop," but they actually give you two fair scoops, so it's not so bad. The flavor is great, especially since the summers are so hot in Nevada.

Decoration is awesome, but the service is kinda whack. The cashiers aren't so nice all the time, but it's not a huge deal. There's outdoor seating near the Wynn waterfalls, so it's great and relaxing. Come by if you want a break from walking and want some refreshing treats!
They got rid of my favorite breakfast sandwich!!  The bacon/egg/cheese croissant thingy was heavenly.  Super bummed.
Their home made ice cream is pretty good but not the best. I would recommend their nutella flavor and tiramisu` flavor.

I highly recommend the pizza though if you are hungry for a snack or you want a quick lunch. Only $4-4.50 a slice, this place is very affordable! We came here twice just because of the convenience. 

They also have Free Wifi =)

Just fyi..they get you with the drinks. A coke is $4 !
while traipsing through the wynn, we decided to stop in sugar & ice for a little after lunch/before dinner snack. the gorgeous window cake displays caught our eye instantly as we entered. we ordered a slice of their hamburger pizza + extra toppings and the meatball sliders, plus a sangria. the service was quick, though the only friend staff member seemed to be the guy who mixed our drinks. the price was decent and the food was pretty good. the best part was the sangria, which wasn't weak at all for a fruity little cocktail. next time we'll definitely try some of sweets!

something rather amusing, the whole pizzas are huge! they even come in a gigantic square pizza take out box that anyone standing at a mere 5'2 like myself or smaller probably would not be able to carry without some assistance. i noticed the couple that was seated across from us requested their pizza be individually wrapped by slice so they could take the whole pizza back to their room. this definitely went with their whimsical appeal though.
This was my favorite place to eat at while staying at the Wynn. They have tons of vegetarian options and had great specials for every meal. I loved the portabello mushroom sandwich and the sweet potato fries the best. They also have incredible home made ice cream. Check out the banana split that fellow yelper Sarah K. and I made! There is also a beautiful patio to eat on that is right under the waterfall.
This is one of those little places in the Wynn where you would most likely get for lunch. Nothing too fancy or expensive. 

I ordered the chicken soup there and the kobe beef sliders. The chicken soup was very good. There were big noodles and the portion was just right for me. Great for a cold day. I loved the vegetables. It was better than something you would find in a can.

The kobe beef sliders were the right portion for a lunch. They were very good as well and tender. The only problem I had with them was that it was a little greasy. I think they give you three little burgers and I'm sure eating all three will mean a lot of extra calories, but if you want a reasonable lunch for the price and the size, go here. They are known for their desserts, but the regular food is good too.
Found this little bistro to be probably one of my favourite brunch places while visiting there. The back patio is a great environment to enjoy a moment of quiet relief and enjoying the view of the waterfalls. A nice break from the booming nights.

I had the croissant with ham and egg - yummers! Freshest croissant I've had in a while
Beautiful property. The waterfall is beautiful. This is the nicest spot for a romantic drink and intimate chat. I love this spot, just before sunset. Their food is good but dessert here is so romantically decadent. I love it. I don't remember the prices being anything to get upset about. If you're in vegas though and you have been eating at one buffet after another, this might serve as a pefect lil relaxing spot. The outside patio is the only place that I sit when I come here. On occasion, I have waited for the patio even. It's so worth it!  The desserts were reasonably priced, I remember that. Hmm, if I could I'd come more often and just have a snack by the waterfall and hope that I become a ripple in that water, forgetting about all the BS back at home and just let go. Oh man! Ahhhhhh I love it.
I stopped in at Sugar & Ice on 9/15/2012 and they were not "CLOSED" as Yelp suggests.

It was our last day in Vegas, and my friend and I were partied out and just wanted to chill for a bit over something non-alcoholic.  We were walking around the Wynn and came across Sugar & Ice.

$6 for a double cappuccino was no bueno.  If you are looking for coffee you're better off at Starbucks or some other coffee joint.  For $6 I could have indulged in another yummy sandwich at Earl of Sandwich at Planet Hollywood!

One thing nice is the outdoor seating that overlooks the waterfall.  Though the waterfall is pretty darn loud, so you might have to speak up if you want to just hang out and talk over coffee.
I hate giving any place 1 star but I have to.

Tried 2 gelatos -- mango and salted caramel. The salted caramel had no sea salt at all and was too gooey and overly sweet. The mango was sour and did not really taste like mango. 

Given the $9 we paid for these 2 individual separate scoops, and how bad they were, I simply cannot give this a "eek! methinks not" which is what Yelp classifies as 1 star.
I always stop by here whenever I visit Vegas from California because the have a special going on for a slice of pizza and any choice of banana split and drink for I think it was around $12 USD plus tax. The Pizza Place is the vest place to eat if your looking for an inexpensive dining experience at the Wynn since most of the restaurants are 5 star and have special awards to go with them. 

But anyways, whenever I stop by for lunch or dinner I always order the special they have going and it's a pretty sweet deal for what you get. The decor of the restaurant is just impeccable, with so many details and high end finishibgs done, it's no wonder Steve Wynn is the visionary is Las Vegas. The service I receive is always excellent and the Asian ladies that run the front are very friendly and are willing to help you anyway you can to make your dining experience first class. 

Outside of the restaurant is the outdoor patio with the huge waterfall as the backdrop to the restaurant. Whenever you enter this place, the first thing you would see straight ahead is the huge waterfall with the lush greenery around it giving it a secluded feel as if your not in the desert anymore. 

The nice selection of cocktails and wines gives it an upscale feel it was designed for but not cheap. Since it's Vegas why not spurgle a little! ;)

I have yet to try the gelato because mostly I'm just here for the pizza special but when I order the banana split, it comes with 3 scoops of strawberry gelato, topped with 3 whipcreams on each scoop with bread crumbs all around and topped with red cherries and around the plate is hot chocolate sauce all made to perfection. You have a choice of cheese pizza or pepperoni pizza and if you decide to get a specialty slice then it's just a few dollars more. The drink included has free refills but only for the same drink you ordered and you can't choose another soda flavor. 

The clientele is the kind you'd find in a 5 star restaurant, all classy and well mannered unlike other strip restaurants I've eaten at.
So, $4.50 (single scoop) and $6.50 (double scoop) is a bit pricey for gelato, BUT I would spend that if I were craving gelato in Vegas. Liked Pistachio, tiramisu, capucchino or coffee(?). 
There are a couple waterfall fountains out back that you can sit next to though I didn't like how fake they looked. 
Sugar and Ice also sells a variety of different branded chocolate bars that looked intriguing.
After the change from Pizza Place to Sugar & Ice, I just had to have their sundae because it was so delicious but pricey. Well you do get what you paid for, excellent food, top service and classy ambiance without the rowdy drunk obnoxious tourists. 

I wanted to order the cheesecake sundae but they discontinued the strawberry gelato but she was nice enough to change the gelato flavor for just for one time. The place just streams 5 star and the waterfall in the background is the first thing you notice when walking inside and patio seating was great to relax admire the landscaping makes you feel you aren't in the desert.
I would like to give this place 4 stars, but after having their panini and then having Jean Philippe's panini, I can't say I'm a fan. So, it's more of a 3.5.
I ordered their chicken and cheese panini, and it was super hot. Every time I was biting into it, it was very hot but tasted good. My friend ordered a vegetarian panini and tomato soup, and said they tasted good too. 
We sat inside where we saw all the pastries and desserts, but didn't have any room for it in our stomachs. The outside has an awesome view of a few waterfalls.
We happened upon Sugar and Ice while wandering around after dinner. Neither my sister nor I was even remotely hungry, yet we both stopped in front of Sugar and Ice, drawn in by the aroma of sweetness and that beautiful display of gelato. Before I knew it, we were standing in front of their display case of desserts, deciding between one of their amazing looking desserts or some gelato.

We settled on splitting two scoops of gelato - the blood orange and the double chocolate - although I really wanted to try all of them.  

The gelato was de-li-cious. Like Italy good.  

Beware, it is highly overpriced. I didn't dock them any stars for that because, well, it's Vegas, and it's the Bellagio, and the venue is super cute and that is what you are paying for.. and to me, it was worth it. If it wasn't so hard to navigate around the strip, I would have wanted to come back for dessert again.

Verdict - pricey but worth it.
4 stars for their great sorbets and gelatos! I treated my friends to some dessert and I got the bloody orange flavor. The taste is a HIT!! My friends were all pleased with their selections too. I sampled the coffee and the chocolate and both were really rich and flavorful. I will definitely have to go back their again and try others. I do recommend getting them in cups and not the cones. After a few bites of the cone, it didn't compliment the fancy dessert.

* The four star rate is only based on their desserts.
Five stars for the out door patio that this little gem is hiding!  It's a perfect little hiding place with a few water falls and the perfect amount of sunlight.  (I guess that depends on the time of day that you're there though no?)  What a pleasant surprise!

We dropped by Sugar & Ice while checking out the Wynn.  The unsweetened ice tea wasnt anything special... but the Nutella Chocolate Bar was pretty damn good!  

It's a layer of chocolate, a crumbled cracker layer, a layer of MARSHMALLOW, a layer of chocolate, of course a layer of nutella and another crumbled cracker layer!  Yummmy!

I wish I had a glass of milk with it! -- Will definitely make it a point to grab another one of these the next time I drop by!
Cute little place awesome cafe with the waterfall backdrop. Blood orange sorbet OMG! :)

The chocolate cake shake was incredible!
Probably the best thing going for this place is the outdoor patio facing the Wynn fountain but even the patio has limited seating. The gelato options are not very impressive with probably only about 8 flavors compared to Espressamente Lilly next door at The Palazzo. Espressamente Lilly easily has 20 over gelato flavors so I'd take the overpass that connects the Wynn and The Palazzo and head over there. A scoop of gelato is cheaper at Sugar & Ice for $4.50. A scoop at Espressamente Lilly is a dollar more.
Gelato trip right before seeing Le Reve.
Cashier looked as if she had better things to do. She didn't really engage us but mostly just stood there and stared at us. We got a few samples to narrow down our choices and placed our order.

I had the Carmel crunch gelato in a waffle cone.  Aside of the cashier the gelato was good. You could probably find better gelato with more flavors elsewhere, and even someone with a better attitude as well. 

Check it out if you're in the area of the Wynn, but it does not require a special out of your way trip.
Way across the other side of Wynn from the Tower rooms, totally worth the walk to get some easy, quick food. But it's really the dessert stuff that makes it live up to its name.

Went here after a work dinner (very expensive restaurant, dessert didn't appeal) when I knew I needed something sweeter than what was offered at the other place. Headed to this place, hesitated slightly when I was the frozen alcoholic treats, but zeroed in on my original choice to get a bananas foster sundae.

When you're coming into the Wynn from the strip it's one of the first places you'll get to. Refreshing on many levels.
so I walked over in 100 degree weather because online it said they had burger sliders.. I get there come to find out they don't. I am sad :( but everything else looked good and over priced tho
We walked past here from the Encore to the strip everyday and finally caved in to try the macaroons. 

4 of $6

Just grab a few and enjoy it while walking through the casinos!
Went there twice in that weekend for desserts. The staff is very friendly and they remembered me when I came back the second time.

The dessert choices were awesome and the hard part was selecting which one to eat. I ended up with 3 mini cup cakes.
Delicious pizza and huge servings of gelato. The restaurant is beautiful and the staff was so kind and friendly.
This is inside Wynn so almost everything in here is expensive. I had Coffee with Chocolate Chip gelato, single scoop in a cup. I thought it was too little. I actually didn't really care for chocolate chips in the gelato but overall it was pretty good. I'm surprised they didn't have a regular coffee flavor or maybe they didn't have it that day. However, they do have a lot of variety of sweets here so it can be hard to choose.

Service was good. The workers here are nice and friendly.

There's lots of seating here so plenty of space to sit and rest.

Overall, good desserts but a bit pricey.
nice place to order something sweet and sit by the waterfall.
came here after walking up the whole strip and needed something the drink,
the sangria is delicious
I needed a quick breakfast/lunch place and I stumbled upon the Wynn. I was hesitant to  find food in there because there are so many fancy stores in there and I assumed all of any food in there would be hella expensive. Sugar and Ice is the first food shop you see when you enter and we walked most of the entire Wynn to find food but this was the only cheap place. There are macarons, pastries, and some want food goodies and even though I wasn't gelato for breakfast or a granola yogurt cup, I opted for the spinach egg and cheese burrito. It took forever for the food to arrive and service isn't very attentive but when I finally got it, that thing is massive. I only finished half the burrito or so and my three other friends picked at the other half. The egg is flavorless so you need salsa on the side. I thought for $8 it wasn't that bad for a ok quality breakfast burrito. 

**TIPS**
1) If you need cheap food and the only option is Wynn, then this is your only option. 
2) Their chocolate crunch gelato looks so good. Get it. 
3) Enjoy!
I love this place.  the coconut gelato is worth gaining 10 pounds and getting fat.  This place is a must go to if you like gelato!
This is the BEST sanctuary on the strip. They have incredible shakes and desserts and the patio is perfect for relaxing and watching the waterfall
My sweet tooth thanks me for finding this sweet shop. I found myself coming here every morning during our weekend stay and enjoyed way too many pastries and hot cocoa. But my favorite part about this little cafe? The outdoor patio that sits against the backdrop of the man-made (yet spectacular) waterfall. There's something serene about enjoying hot cocoa and a pastry in this setting while everyone else is still passed out from the night before. There had some amazing looking paninis that I didn't get the chance to try as well as ice cream, but if those are anything like what I had, I'm sure they are good. Not only is the Wynn a beautiful place to visit but do yourself a favor and indulge your sweet tooth at this little cafe.
One of the only disappointments at the Wynn

Sugar & Ice is located in the esplanade at the Wynn.  Near the many boutiques, Sugar & Ice should be the perfect place to grab lunch, a snack, or something sweet before venturing out onto the Las Vegas Strip.  Unfortunately, it's far from perfect.  

First of all, you can expect to wait quite some time for your food to be brought to your table.  The menu is quite limited unless you are looking for gelato or cookies.  If you're looking for a salad or sandwich, you will have to make due with very few options.  We ordered the grilled chicken panini.  To our surprise, it was just sliced deli chicken and not a real grilled chicken breast.  The bread was incredibly greasy and the cheese and aioli was way too salty.

If you are looking to satisfy your sweet tooth, this may be a good place to stop by.  But if you are looking for lunch or a more substantial snack, this is not a good option.  Not at all.
In the Wynn hotel overlooking the mountain and waterfall. Great place to relax and have a coffee and gelato. seating inside or outside. Choose outside if the weather is right and enjoy the sight and sound of the waterfall.
Delicious Gelato!  Beautiful and fun decor  and the outdoor patio has a view of a couple of made waterfalls.  I do have to share when sitting out in the patio area it is a bit loud from the waterfalls.  We visited here during the evening so the lighting of the falls was just beautiful.

But, I would love to sit indoors and take in the beauty of the decor.  It also has a large tv screen, there may be another one but I noticed one.  

The people were very friendly and read to serve you something delicious.  Everything looked so delicious!  We only had room for our gelato and we shared a plate of tiramisu  dessert.  Both were very good, but the tiramisu was a bit more decadent, with the hazelnut crust, yum.

Now this place is located inside of the Wynn Hotel, so it's a very classy looking place. I can't wait to try something different each time we visit!
Gelato trip right before seeing Le Reve.
Cashier looked as if she had better things to do. She didn't really engage us but mostly just stood there and stared at us. We got a few samples to narrow down our choices and placed our order.

I had the Carmel crunch in a waffle cone.  Aside of the cashier the gelato was good. Check it out if you're in the area of the Wynn.
Technically named Fresco Juice, anyone-who- is-anyone simply knows the place as "BingSoo." A small, simple spot in an inauspicious Chandler strip-mall, Fresco's has the corner on the BingSoo market in the Phoenix area. Come to think of it, I don't think there even is another BingSoo place in Phoenix... But if there was, Fresco could beat them blindfolded and with it's hands tied behind it's back. 

What?? You've never heard of BingSoo? Then friend, you are in for a better-than-sex (sorry, honey) taste sensation. BingSoo is an Asian-inspired dessert made of shaved ice, your choice of fresh sliced fruits and fruit sauces, and frozen yogurt or ice cream on the top. Fresco's sports a Starbuck's-style ambience, plus the Korean music videos projected on the wall. The sandwiches are fresh although nothing too spectacular, but the quality of the BingSoo alone deserves the 5-star rating.
At the A's game in Spring Training, we picked up the A's program and read it cover to cover. It turns out that there was an interview with Travis Buck, A's outfielder and AZ local. He was talking about all the stuff he likes and even specifically his favorite dessert. He mentioned this "Bingsoo" with BOBA on top. That got my attention right away. SG and I looked at each other and said, lets go! SO, after the game was over we decided to look up this Fresco juice place and find it. We pulled up the address on S. Alma School on the blackberry and headed off. Not knowing exactly how far it would be, we just drove and drove and drove until we realized that we really should have taken a freeway. We began doubting Travis, but continued on our way. 

We finally found it in a shopping mall near a target on the corner of S. Alma School and Queens Creek Rd. I recommend taking East 10 to get there and then heading East on Queens Creek Rd and then head about 3 miles east.

We walked straight into this cute juice bar looking place with chairs and some lounge type seating. We quickly ordered single Bingsoos (that look like they are super huge). I got frozen yogurt, strawberries, pineapple, strawberry sauce and boba on top. SG got frozen yogurt, strawberries, mango, and strawberry sauce. We both started taking bites before we realized that there was probably a method to this. We then realized there was plain shaved ice underneath and it needed to be mixed up. So now fully mixed it was time to try this out. WOW!!! This is GREAT. Imagine a smoothie with frozen yogurt, little flakes of ice for cold and texture, fresh fruit, a little surgary strawberry sauce and for me BOBA!!! PERFECT. Who thought of this? Well that I do not know but it reminds me a bit of Halo Halo too. 

We loved this place so much that we extended an out of the way gas run on the back from Tucson that made us even later than we were for another baseball game to come again. I replaced my first combo pineapple for mango. MMMMMMM..... YUMMY!! 

This place is truly the gem of our trip and thanks to Travis Buck and the A's program for guiding us here. Is there a way to get this place into the bay area? Hello, franchise opportunity. I will be a regular customer, I promise!!!!!

Check it out. Even if you are having to drive 20+ minutes to get here, you should try it. You can get the bingsoo with ice cream too.
Haven't been here in a while but I miss their mango drink. Yumm...  I always enjoyed their super fresh Tuna sandwich. Plus you can watch them as they prepare it. Cute little place in the Basha's shopping center. There is a Wells Fargo in the shopping center and Paradise Bakery is across the street. Will be going here soon. See ya there!!!!!!!!!!!!

Update: Went there again about a month ago and a totally different experience. The mango drink was horrible and watery. eeww.
During the summertime I live on bingsoo. In fact, during the wintertime I live on bingsoo as well. Because it's that damn good. Everyone here is super friendly too. That may be because I come in 3 times a week though. You can even get a little frequent buyers punch card and after your 10th bingsoo or whatever you get you get a free one. Awwwee yeeahh. I've heard that the bingsoo they serve here isn't "authentic", but who cares - it's to die for.
OMG!  I am a boba addict.  When I read about Fresco here on Yelp! and saw how close it was to my home, I just had to try it.  I went there and ordered the Bingsoo.  

I asked the gentleman behind the counter if he suggested yogurt or ice cream, and he said yogurt.  I'm not a huge fan of exotic fruits (or berries for that matter) and he told me I could choose 3 fruits and one fruit sauce.  Being the boring fruit eater that I am, I chose banana and double pineapple with strawberry sauce.  And, of course BOBA.  

I asked him if there was a specific way to eat it and he told me to mix it all up.  I did and was in heaven from the first bite.  It was amazingly refreshing, as well as just downright delish.  I will be visiting this place regularly on the weekends for a bingsoo fix, but this morning I will try their milk tea with, of course ... BOBA!

I HIGHLY recommend this place.  5 stars for sure!!!
Bingsoo is so good. I totally love this place. My wife and I will drive from Ahwatukee at the drop of a hat to get our fix. My only suggestion would be to call ahead if you don't want to wait.
If you've never had or even heard of bingsoo you NEED to check this place out. I have two friends who were constantly bantering about bingsoo and this Fresco place. I was excited when I found out it was so close to my house. If you've never heard of it, this is how it goes down. It's a layer of shaved ice, then you have your choice of ice cream or FF frozen yogurt, your choice of fresh fruit off the menu (apples, strawberry, mango, banana kiwi and many others) and then your choice of "sauce" which is a fruit puree of either strawberry, kiwi or mango and honey. You mix it all together and there you have it. A somewhat healthy dessert! They even have a frequent bingsoo buyers card =) 

This place isn't just all about the bingsoo though. They have a menu of fresh sandwiches and fruit juices too!
That is some tasty bingsoo.  Mango sauce.  Yogurt.  Boba.  Now I just need me some green tea to top it off and I'll be good to go.

The two IKEA springy cushion chairs on the wood deck in the front door are pretty sweet if you are lucky enough to score them.  The rule is that when people walk by the store, you need to freeze and pretend like you're a store display.
Light!  Refreshing!    We tried Fresco (and bingsoo) for the first time Saturday night.  Did I mention it was light and refreshing?

These folks take pride in the product they sell.  Light, refreshing (did I mention that yet) frozen yogurt and carefully sliced fresh fruit on top of finely shaved ice with a drizzle of mango glaze.  Light and refreshing and so much healthier than DQ.  

We'll be back for more and to try the boba.
Went back again on two subsequent Scottsdale trips. It doesn't matter how far we have to drive, who we can get to go with us, we are going here. And this place never lets us down. The boba pearls on my BingSoo are perfect. The fruit is SOOO fresh. And now they know that Travis buck and one of the players from the Dodgers come here and proudly display their autographed ball caps. I love this place and will make a special trip out here every time we go!
What is bingsoo? well, here's how it went down

you select 3 fresh fruits
1 fruit puree
yogurt or icecream (the yogurt isn't tart and what they recommend, it's sweet and delicious) 

then they take a bowl, put in shaved ice, the yogurt/ice cream, the fruits, and puree. you mix it all together and enjoy.

my recommendation is to ask for light to medium ice shavings, mine got a bit too cold and it started to numb all of the flavors. but i enjoy the texture from the ice so it's definitely a must. 

allll of this for less than $5!!! any other yogurt place would cost you much more for all of these fresh ingredients, even extra toppings are only $.25

the guy who was working was very sweet, great place. i cant wait to go back
This place is in the strip mall next to Target and Basha's.  It's kinda hard to spot so be patient and drive slowly to spot it.  The interior is really cute and it was pretty busy when we went around 9pm on Sat.  It is Korean owned and they are very friendly.  We ordered the 3 topping single bingsoo and milk tea with boba.  The frozen yogurt in the bingsoo was very yummy...it actually tasted like ice cream...really, it was good.  Boba on the other hand was horrible....I should have known when I saw other people ordering exclusively bingsoo but I couldn't help it.  I was curious to see if this place can be better than The Street.  

*Service = really nice
*Decor = cute
*Food = boba was horrible...believe me they were hard, tasteless, and starchy.
If you are still contemplating what to order after reading this review...let me make it clear + simple for you:
                      Bingsoo = GOOD GOOD GOOD
                      Boba = BAD BAD BAD
I finally tried bingsoo. I ordered mine with banana, mango and pineapple with mango sauce and frozen yogurt. The frozen yogurt is divine! I wish I would have discovered this when it was 115 degrees outside, but its still good when the weather is a chilly 80 degrees. The shop is a cute little place in a strip mall. It is very clean and inviting. This is a super tasty refreshing treat and I will definitely be back.
bingsoo: yogurt, shaved ice, fresh fruit.

the yogurt makes the shaved ice deliciously creamy and the shaved ice keeps the yogurt frozen longer so you can enjoy it more. the fruits look, smell, and taste great, but they kinda get frozen in the mix. also, the place was deserted when we went, which gave it a somewhat depressing feel.
Bingsoo is incredible. Yummy frozen yogurt and fruit - it seems healthy and tastes great. Warning - dont add the red beans to the bingsoo. Not sure why anyone would want it, but we tried it and it completely ruined the dessert. Go for the boba add-on instead
Bing-effing-Soo. My new favorite thing in life. If you're like me, you've probably never heard of "Bingsoo" before. It's one of those things that makes me feel like I'm not as culturally aware as I think I am. Bingsoo is a Korean dessert which works like this: 

-You take a bowl and fill the bottom portion with shaved ice. 
-You take some frozen yogurt and plop it on top of the shaved ice. 
-Sprinkle in a healthy serving of fresh fruit into the mix. (your choice of what) 
-Finally add a fruit puree to top it off. 

...now if you're a finicky eater like me, then your first instinct might be to try and eat the Bingsoo as it is served in different layers...don't do it...this is one instance where you wanna bring back your inner first grader, and just mix it all up into a mush. Trust me...it's absolutely delicious that way. If you're a bit crazy...add some boba balls into the mix, to top it all off...why not. If you mix it all up, you'll be left with a blissful bowl of icy/fruity goodness. I can't believe it took me 27 years of walking this earth to discover that shaved ice mixed with yogurt and fruit could be such a heavenly (and healthy) treat. 

They also serve boba tea and all sorts of other random smoothies, drinks and desserts...but you come here for the Bingsoo. I really hope Bingsoo catches on, because if the mainstream public could taste this stuff they'd be hooked...most people in America just haven't heard of it I'm assuming, so they don't know what they're missing. I'm not aware of any other place in the valley that serves this up besides Fresco...I could be wrong though. 

You heard it here... 

Add Bingsoo to your 'toodoo' list. 

4/5
Your life would not truly be complete if you haven't tried bingsoo.

Go there with a few people and share the largest bowl, so you can get a sample of everything available.

It is as delicious as all the reviews has described it to be.

They have really good boba drinks as well.  

This place seriously and easily trumps any "yo-go" place out there.  It is in a league of its own.
Small shop in a strip mall.  Bingsoo is so tasty with frozen yogurt!  Owner is very friendly.
If you live within 10 miles of this place and don't go at least once a week, you are doing yourself a disservice. Every time I am in the area, I MUST drop in for a bingsoo. It never disappoints. The word "refreshing" comes to mind every time. Can't go wrong with mango, pineapple, strawberries, with mango sauce. Top it off with boba and you've got the best dessert around. Seriously, you need to go... now.
I love Dairy Queen and make a point of grabbing some whenever I'm in town but there's still a lot of locations and I'd suggest you check out a different one.

The staff was very nice and open to giving extra hot fudge for my Oreo Brownie Sundae but it didn't seem just a "little dirty looking."  Maybe a lot can happen in a year.  I actually wondered if one can get sick from unsanitary conditions at an ice cream place.  

Don't give up DQ but maybe try one somewhere else.
Dangit, I needed a blizzard tonight. After a long week of interviews and other stressful events, I wanted to treat myself to something sweet, so I came here for a blizzard.  Mind you, I've been here before, and I have to say, it's not my favorite location.  The other DQ's that I've been to in the past have been clean, well staffed and overall a nice experience.  This one? Eh, not so much.

For starters, its small. I can deal with that. Parking is tight and they only have a few spots.  Sadly, the place inside is not the greatest. The first time I came here last summer, the place was a mess! dirty floors and counters and the pop machine was leaking all over the place. You had to step in a puddle of water to get to the register.

Today, it was actually cleaner then normal. I imagine because they don't have the summer foot traffic, so it's probably a lot less busy.  Service was pleasant, but really really slow.  The guy behind the counter was nice and friendly, but he didn't seem to be getting a lot of help from his coworkers, so that slowed it down even more.

They do have outdoor seating here, but it's limited. They only have a few tables and chairs inside, so if you want, you can always sit outside at one of their tables, which is cool as long as the weather's nice.

Overall, I come here rarely, and it's only because its close to home.  There's definitely better run Dairy Queens out there in regards to cleanliness, speed of service and other things, but this one is not one of those places.

Will I return? Probably only out of sheer laziness to not go any further then I have to, and if I want a blizzard, I guess this is place.
I like Blizzards. 
I have lived in Arizona for 42 years. I might be wrong but I believe this DQ has been at that location for those 42 years. Maybe not that long but almost. 
It is a small, small shop. There is no more than 3 tables in this location. I have never eaten inside. We just order and leave. 
About once a month my wife on her way to her parents house she will stop and get her dad and mom a Blizzard. She is the favorite daughter. If I am with her I also get to have one. I like the pecan caramel one. Which I call the pecan cluster. You will notice they don't call it that anymore. Some sort of copy right on the name. 
The place while it may not look clean. What it needs is a facelift.
Stop by to get a sundae as walk in there wasn't anyone there until we said hello then the employee came out, the place isn't clean, they use to be better and been here for awhile, but I guess things change. But it's okay if you just want to grab something to eat really quick and leave.
Streamers is supposed to be an Ice Cream Parlor, but in my opinion, the ice cream is their weakest link. It's just average, and more expensive than buying a gallon of Dryers at the grovery store and eating it in your own kitchen. 

Streamers is a cute, 50's diner-style with checkered floor and swivel stools. The hamburgers are huge, the sandwiches yummy and the fries are thin and skin-on (just the way I like them). The young, smiling servers have always been prompt and helpful. The restaurant and the bathrooms are kept clean. Another plus -- their veggie burgers are actually good!

Streamers is located right at the entrance of the Gilbert Stadium Theaters, so why not make a date of it? Just skip the dessert.
I really loved Farrell's back in Mira Mesa, CA.  I used to love it in Escondido, too.  But that was 15 years ago!  Streamers doesn't quite fill that void, but it's the closest I've seen.

The food was pretty good.  My hamburger didn't have enough salt, but that was easily remedied.

The big plus for me, anyway, was the chocolate malt with chopped up cherries in it.  I love cherry-chocolate malts, and their version was the best I've ever had!

My wife got the Skookie (skillet-cookie) which was also excellent.  It takes about 10 minutes to cook, so if you're ordering it as a dessert, you might want to place the order before you finish your meal.

Our server, Nicole, was positively amazing.  She took our order without writing anything down -- which wasn't too remarkable for a table of two -- but then she also took orders for a table of more than six people without writing anything down!

Don't visit the East valley without stopping by Streamers.
My family has been frequenting this little shop for several years as we love the atmosphere.  My husband loves the nutter butter peanut butter parfait, which reminds him of a similar treat he used to get as a kid in New Jersey, and I go for the fresh cut french fries which remind me of the "chips" I used to get at a "chip" wagon every summer I would visit  a little town in Canada.  There seems to be alittle something for everyone, with salads, burgers and many desert options...the small town malt shop atmosphere is really something sweet, which might remind you of something you remember as a kid.
R.I.P. Streamers. We miss you. Come back if you can. You were part of traditions. We use to travel 20 miles one way to go to Streamers. You will be missed.
Freddy's is a great place to grab a quick meal.  It has a retro-diner kind of feel, with black and white patterned tile and red vinyl seats, but it's fast food so you can order at the counter or through the drive-thru.

I haven't had their "famous" steak burger, but their veggie burger is delicious.  It comes piled high with toppings and accompanied by skinny seasoned fries (if you get the combo).

Their frozen custard is wonderful as well, and they have a huge variety of mix-ins to choose from.  I got toasted coconut!  Mmmmm!

5 stars easy!
I discovered Freddy's a few months ago, and it has since worked it's way into my lunch rotation since it is fairly close to where I work.  The burgers are unique compared to the norm, if not a little greasy.  The staff has always been more than friendly, especially during those early days when I wasn't quite sure what constitutes a "steakburger".   On every visit an employee walks by asking how our meal was and clears our trays for us, which isn't  service you don't get at many fast food joints.  Maybe one day I will leave enough room to try their famous frozen custard!
Why eat at In-n-Out when there's Freddys?  They may not be able to steamroll I-n-O on the milkshake factor but their burgers are better, the fries are tied, they have hot dogs (big bonus points) and the clincher is the frozen custard.  They have great little sundaes and they are always nice.
Thanks to Beth G.'s review today we remembered that we'd been here once before and liked it, so we returned for dinner tonight. 

I had a California steakburger. What makes it "California"? Classic burger veggies? Strange. It was tasty, though. The beef was well-seasoned and crispy on the thin outer edges. Yummy. Hubby had the patty melt on another Yelper's recommendation, but he found the heavily seeded rye "distracting." Both came with a vat of shoestring fries. Delicious and crispy, but frankly, way too much.

We both got some custard- we drove 20 miles to get here, so we might as well. I had a regular sized Hawaiian sundae and Hubby had a vanilla custard with peanut butter mix-in. Very smooth and peanut-buttery. Mine was also tasty, but huge- I would hate to see the large.

We'll make the trek to Freddy's again- there are so few places around here that are even close to Steak-n-Shake (Midwest fave).
I decided to go for a drive and noticed Freddy's on Bell this afternoon.

I pulled into parking lot to check it out. What a cute burger shop. It reminds me of Steak & Shake back east.

I ended up getting a Freddy's Famous Concrete and a diet soda (ya, I know... ice cream and diet soda. Like eating a big mac, large fries and a then asking for  a diet coke to cut down on a calories).

The concrete turned out to be a standard sundae (why don't they just call it that). But I have to say, it was pretty darn good. The frozen custard had a great flavor and richness to it. The topping was run of the mill Hershey's syrup. Nothing to write home about. Chocolate syrup is chocolate syrup.

The pricing is Okay.. $3.50 for a standard sundae is about average I guess.

Check the place out. Take a few friends for ice cream and great conversation.
Dare I say it? This is a step up from In-n-Out. The burgers are comparable, the fries are stringier and imho just a little bit better, and they offer a wider menu selection with things like hot dogs, chicken fingers, and many dessert options.
Wow !!!  I think their steakburger is the bomb.  Love this place.  And I love the shoestring french fries.  PLUS, the frozen custard is great too.  You can't go wrong here.  Just wish one was close to where I live.
I do not care for samll thin burgers or thin frys, but I love Freddys. 

The #1 combo is great. Double burger with cheese mustard and pickles and onion frys and a drink. (Mt Dew)

The people there are cool, the place was clean, and the food was good. 

Custard is 10x better the yogurt or ice cream. It is also worse for you...muah.
I've been to Freddy's a dozen times, at least. My mother introduced me and my daughters to it a couple years back.

I invariably get the patty melt and love it.

Their fries are almost matchsticks, and quite tasty!

The concretes are fantastic!

Prices are reasonable for the food you get.
I also work right by Freddy's. I have eaten here many times and the burgers are great! I also love the thin cut fries, not a fan of steak fries, etc. The custard is great too.

If it werent' for Lenny's I'd say best burger in the valley. But sorry folks, Lenny's is better in my opinion. I'd call In N Out a distant 3rd.
I love Freddy's! We go there a lot. Their burgers are good, hot dogs are good, patty melts are GREAT. But the pice de rsistance are their glorious little french fries. They are super seasoned, matchstick size bits of goodness. YummY!

I've never actually had their custard, but it looks pretty tasty. I've gotten it both to go, and sat inside to eat. The inside of the restaurant is super clean. The employees are very friendly.

If you do drive through, you have to wait for a bit - but that's because they are making your food fresh, it wasn't sitting under a heat lamp for 45 minutes. So...overall, 2 thumbs up. :)
I adore their burgers. It's the frilly, crispy edges they have - lacey bits of beefy goodness! Their seasoned shoestring fries are fantastic too, if you happen to get a fresh batch. 

I'm only dinging them a couple of stars because service can be slow, and their frozen custard is just OK. Admittedly, I was spoiled by a fantastic small custard shop in my old East coast neighborhood. *sigh*
I wanted to like Freddy's a lot more than I did.
Prob 2.5 stars, really, but I appreciate the variety on the menu, and that they're offering something a little different.

That being said, I didn't really care for what they're offering. 

The menu pics make a "Steakburger" (quotes are quite necessary in this case!) look like thinly sliced pieces of steak/beef, kind of like a thicker unprocessed version of the glued together mass that Arby's cuts into their thin slices.  But that's not at all what it is, as there's nothing "steak" about it.
Imagine taking an already thin, very basic hamburger patty and smashing it down with a meat tenderizing hammer so that it tapers to a super thin edge. You know all of those little fat bubbles that usually accumulate on the top side of an unflipped burger?  In a "Steakburger" all of those fat bubbles congeal together between the gound beef bits, on the grill side not the top, into a solid, slightly crispy layer of meat/fat.
It's so thin that they have to offer you two patties as the basic, with options of one or three patties on the menu, too.  A normal burger does not include lettuce & tom, you pay extra for that.  
My personal taste is that thicker is better for fries, as long as they're not limp, gimme steak fries every time.  I thought Freddy's Steakburger would have steak fries, but they actually have shoestring fries.  The seasoning was good, but the flavor of potato is so lost in grease and salt that it was kind of heavy on the belly quickly.  The worse part was that it was actually very annoying having to repeatedly dunk them in ketchup and move them to my mouth. I'm not usually such a lazy eater (~!~)(Stoopid Amehr-i-KAHNs) but I had to opt for a fork.  These would make nice chili fries, I guess.
Didn't bother with custard.
Service stank, too, as I waited about 3 minutes with no acknowledgement even though there were employees busy right in front of me  making desserts.  I guess they weren't authorized for bare-customer contact.  A drive thru guy eventually came to take the order, but as soon as he stepped up to me, he began talking to the person in the drive thru and walked away, gesturing to someone I couldn't see around the corner.  A shaggy haired dude pushing a mop bucket came into view, saying "I'll try, but it's been a while" as he walked up to the register.  Guy's like 17, how long could it have been?  A manager looking guy  stepped in front of young shaggy mop amnesia fellow, a different shirt color was my only clue to his title, not skill level, that's fo' sho'.
My people, my people, my people. Freddy's is a fraud! It is a knock off of the Midwest darling Steak and Shake and they ARE famous for steakburgers! It burns my buns that they copied Steak and Shake. If you have ever had both you know what I am talking about. It's like listening to your favorite song for years, and then some idiot does a remake and screws it up!

Little info on SNS: Steak n Shake was founded in 1934 in Normal, Illinois. Gus Belt, the founder of Steak n Shake, was a quality restaurateur who owned a restaurant/gas station called Shell's Chicken. Central Illinois had plenty of chicken and beer restaurants so Gus soon realized he needed to be unique and different. With a little help from his friends, he started Steak n Shake in February of 1934. 

The Steak stood for STEAKBURGER sandwich. Gus would wait for the busiest time in his counter-only restaurant, wheel in a barrel of steaks (including round steak, sirloin steak, and T-bones) and grind the steaks into burgers right in front of the guests. Hence, the origin of the famous slogan "In Sight It Must Be Right." 

The STEAKBURGER sandwich is still the finest burger served anywhere in the world-the finest of steaks ground into pucks, and through the art of grilling on a very hot grill, turned into a burger beyond comparison. 

Freddy copied the idea from Gus. When Steak and Shake franchised and moved east stretching from Illinois to Pennsylvania down to Florida. That is when Freddy decided to begin moving west from Kansas. At the time Steak and Shake was only as far west as St. Louis, MO. Freddy uses the same signature colors red, black and white. SNS standard steak burger comes with mustard, a slice of onion, and 2 long slices of classic dill pickle. FFC serves it the same except the bun is different and the pickle is a spicy claussen type. SNS serves skinny fries with salt. FFC serves them with seasoned salt. SNS has hand dipped shakes. FFC does custard. 

Now that steak and shake is making it's advancement further west, currently Dallas is the furthest, FFC will be toast! 

I have eaten at FFC, and they do make a decent steakburger. I love steakburgers and this is as close to the original as you will find west of Dallas. However having tasted the original from SNS I cannot be as excited as other yelpers about this phony. In my opinion Freddy ruins the burger with those over powering pickles and the fries are to skinny to support seasoned salt it is over powering. I am not into custard so cannot remark on that. 

I like In and Out better than Freddy's but not better than Steak N Shake. Also you cannot compare a Steakburger to and In and Out Burger. 

For those Steak N Shake fans out there, if you order a steak burger from Freddys, don't get the pickles and ask for regular salt on your fries. 

I can't wait for Steak N Shake to make it to Phoenix, I will be camped out at the front door!
this place is awesome, reminds me a bit of In N Out the best in the west but i like the dogs, the buns are killer, some sort of toasted white bread deal, the shoestring taters were kickass as well. didnt try any of the frozen custard but i imagine its great!  i gotta give props to the WWII memorabilia on the wall from freddy's career, especially the Philippines shot on the beach.  it would be nice if one of these were in Cali.
This 2.5 had been *generously* rounded up to a 3, but no longer....

I went to Culver's, basically.

Now I get what Freddy's is trying to be.  Although Freddy's has a mythology that  lays claim to being the originator of the burger style, Culver's just does it better.   http://www.yelp.com/biz/culvers-phoenix#hrid:yDsMVl72kItXdkeWUKHLog

They do everything better.  From friendly customer service, cleanliness, to the fresh and tasty food; and the thick yet crisp on the outside crinkle cut frys were simply a model of perfection on the delicate Greasy~Crispy Spectrum.

The basic sundae automaticaly comes with 2 flavors of topping, so they aren't trying to unfairly skrimp you for skrilla left and right with extras.  Very cool, Culver's!   Boo Freddy's for being so lackluster with customer service, overseasoned with food, and generally failing.
I was completely miss led when i was brought here by my brother.  IN N OUT is a million times better than this place.  and frankly im not a huge fan of in n out i mean its good but nothing to get excited about.  dont bother coming here go somewhere else. shoot go to the mcDs on 59th an bell
Went today on my weekly burger fix and I have to say this place rocks.  The steak burger was amazing I had a double California style with 1000 island and cheese.  Very yummy burger and then they have these shoestring fries to go with it AMAZING.  I recommend getting the honey mustard to dip them in.  I didn't try the frozen custard as I was full from lunch but I will be back for that.  

Freddy's you have earned yourself a repeat customer.
I used to LOVE Freddy's.  We started going when we were in Texas on vacation and then the opened this location and WOW...we had a favorite.

We have been to this location several times and the location in Gilbert twice.  It used to be that EVERY time we went it was AMAZING!!  Now, it is hit or miss.  Last visit to this location the fries were WAY overcooked...quality control would tell you not to send out burnt fries, but no they sent them right out to us.  I think the little burger has shrunk and it was small before.  

Ouch, why is it that when you start to really love a place it goes downhill?  Well, at least In & Out burger stays consistant and since I now live in SoCal I guess we won't be missing Freddy's anymore.
Not a big burger fan but this place is close to my work and I just needed to pick up something real quick one day so decided to check it out. I must say I was pretty impressed. The steak burgers are sooo tasty and they look homemade not your typical commercial patty. I went back and took a chance with the hot dog and it was good too. I love the grilled onion they put on it. 
I am not big on sweets but decided to try their frozen custard one time and I must say it was pretty damn good. Better than any ice cream I have ever tasted. I like the texture and consistency... It is very creamy and not too sweet. 
Oh and their fries... Can't get enough of them... I get them extra crispy and the seasoning they use it awesome. It's not just salt... 
Definitely a good place if you need a burger fix.
I always use the drive through but the service is decent. Nothing special for a drive through. They have never got my order wrong.
Gotta say I don't care for, or eat, anything but the custard at Freddy's.  It is hands down the best frozen custard I have ever had anywhere.  If you love ice cream you will love Freddy's.
This place is great for good at a good price. You can get a combo meal for about $6. Their burgers are made from sirloin burger and extremely good. I usually get the patty melt.  The rye bread is butter toasted and so stinkin' good!  They're small patties, so it's a good idea to order a double. The onion rings are the best I've had at a fast food restaurant. 

The custard is so creamy and rich. They can make basically anything you like, but plain vanilla is pretty tasty.

The service is also outstanding. If you dine in, a manager will walk by and ask how everything was. Excellent customer service.
Tried them this weekend and i was rather impressed. The burgers were good, and i would definitely try getting something other than a single. Fries were tasty, and well salted.  Personally i prefer thicker fries, but at the moment the shoe string fries did the trick.The dining area was nice and clean. The atmosphere is pretty cool, and their menu was pretty easy to get thru. 

My wife had the custard and she said that it was great! One gripe is that they do not offer a No Sugar Added alternative.

I would definitely go back!
FROZEN CUSTARD? HOLY CRAP THIS TASTES LIKE ICE CREAM!

Actually...I dareth say, it was better than ice cream. Though I also heard a nasty rumor that it is healthier too. Anyway, down to the review - I had the Dirt n' Worms - vanilla frozen custard with oreos and gummi worms. The custard was so good, you don't even realize you're not eating ice cream! I'm definitely coming back to try the food.
This was my first trip to Freddy's in probably close to a year...not because I don't like it, but my wife is a bigger fan of Culver's.  I had a meeting that evening that caused me to miss at home dinner time and decided to hit up Freddy's for my dinner.  This was my first time through the drive-thru, all other visits had been inside.  Drive-thru, even though there was a steady stream of cars, was fairly quick.  

I ordered a double California Burger, with fries and a soda.  Now, I'll be honest, this was a few weeks back, and the fries and soda weren't that memorable...but the burger was fantastic.  Seemed meatier than normal (maybe that is in comparison to the usual Culver's burger?) and the taste was great.  Cooked as good as a fast-food burger can be cooked.  

Oh Freddy's, I like you so, hopefully I can ditch my wife more often to dine on your delicious burgers!
Not really frozen custard...more like just soft served ice cream =/ the burger is okay -- the California style burger is like a single cheeseburger from In N Out but I do like their fries...crispy and very thin. The menu is mostly ice cream and sundaes. 

Nothing very note worthy of this place...kinda cheap, has drive thru and big sit-in area and friendly staff.
I drive through every so often for the fries.  They are heaven!  nice shoestrings with a tasty little seasoning sprinkled on.  Yummy
Shhhh  don't tell but I had Frozen Custard treat and it was very rich and tasty . I can tell you from my wide range of ice cream tasting ability that my frozen Custard was chocked full of rich butterfat.   I might go back to try there burgers but I know I will be back for Custard.  If you like culvers you will enjoy Freddys
If you like Steak Burgers... this is your place.

To anybody who is used to the typical hamburger, you might not be a fan of a steakburger... just sayin'.

Their custard is absolutely amazing.
Went to lunch here today. Had the chicago dog with fries and a few bites of the steakburger (Not that I wouldnt have eaten more)

The fries are awesome here! I love the thin shoestring fries. The dog was good, it was on a great bun. No complaints at all!

I had a few bites of the steakburger from my girlfriend. She wouldnt let me eat it all! HAHA

So I was done eating and was like oh what the hell lets get the custard.... I tried the brownie delight= Delicious. Very smooth and probably the best frozen "ice cream" I've ever tried. 

I will be back and will make a special trip to try more stuff!!
Ok ... I have to admit, first, that I have been a HUGE fan of In N Out burger for years ... then I stopped into Freddy's one day, and haven't gone to In N Out since!  The service is great, the food is AMAZINGLY good, and the atmosphere is fun and fresh.  You will not be disappointed!  I do the California Double Combo ... give them a try!
Probably as good or better than the rest of the fast-food burgers around here.

I ordered the patty melt combo.  I like my bread with a little character, and this was pretty decent rye bread.  The burger itself, with the cheese and onions, was juicy and flavorful.  A different style from most burger places, I guess that's where the "steakburger" concept comes in.

The fries were tasty as well - shoestring fries, which I prefer.  I don't know why - maybe it's the fact that there's more fried surface area than normal ones, but these were just plain good.

For dessert - I have to at least try their signature dessert - I went with the turtle sundae.  The custard tasted pretty much like normal soft serve ice cream, and it was loaded with walnuts, with some chocolate and caramel topping.  Nothing really special, but it was pretty decent, probably as good as you'd get at DQ or Tastee Freez.

I'd say this is definitely a winner in the fast food market.
I went here with my wife and I was very anxious to try this since I had heard it was better than Culvers...I thought it was okay...I got a Triple Burger and still thought it was too small...the frys were okay...personally too thin for me.  I don't know..maybe I was comparing it too much too Culvers....Culvers was better because it filled me up...had more flavor and it was more greasy.  So, in conclusion...I liked Culver's more but Freddy's is healthier.
pretty much better than ANY fast food burger. and the prices aren't that bad, I tried culvers once and remember spending close to $20 for two people. you can get a burger fries and drink meal for under $5, but you gotta try the custard.
I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could.

Burgers were very tasty and fresh.  More than a pleasant surprise, to be sure.

Custard?  I had the Turtle Pecan thingy, and it was awesome.  Just wish there was a larger scoop of custard.  The folks were nice, helpful, and friendly.  I'll definitely be going back.
I thought this place would blow Culver's outta the water...but eh it's pretty much the same. I hit the drive thru & ordered the following: #1 w/onion rings & a Dr. P, another #1 but make it a single & no onions w/fries & a Dr. P & a regular sized concrete with chocolate frozen custard, cookie dough & marshmallow. They messed up & gave us 2 fries, I need to always remember to check the bag! But hubby wasn't too disappointed, the fries were really good. The burgers were good too but our food was barely warm, ugh. The frozen custard was bomb! But I think Culver's burgers & frozen custard are just as good (they do beat them in the fries category though), plus they are way closer to us, so I will just stick w/them when we're in the mood for that kind of stuff!
After very careful and considerate scientific study, it has been determined that Freddy's frozen custard is well, fantastic!

Yes, we think of reasons to visit the West Side just to have custard, and have been there quite a few times since first discovering it back in late November.  One scoop of vanilla and one of chocolate (side by side, please) - $2.50 - that is all it takes to make me happy. 

So what is better than just the custard?  When you have it with french fries!  That is a whole different level of artery-hardening goodness.

On our most recent visit, we mentioned to the man behind the counter (who turned out to be a manager of multiple locations) that we intend to eventually try a Steakburger, but since we always show up after a sizable lunch or dinner it just hasn't happened yet.  As we were enjoying our custard and looking at the photos that line the walls of the restaurant, he came up and handed us a Steakburger with cheese (neatly cut in half) to try!  He said he didn't want us to wait another day to try a burger.  Yes, we were stuffed with sushi and custard and yes we ate it anyway.  It was tasty - thank you!  :)

Established in 2002 by the sons of WWII veteran Freddy Simon and headquartered in Kansas, Freddy's currently only has three locations in AZ (with two more coming soon).  Anyone want to go in on the $25k franchise fee?  Then we can have custard anytime!  :)
OK, my fist five star review!  What can I say, I liked it a lot.  Any time I can feed the two of us for a 10 spot or so, well, need I say more?  Freddy's is, "The Now!!! !".   Tasty Too!!!
Yes, Freddy's is a fast food joint, but having said that is is probably my favorite. I grew up having frozen custard and so I consider myself a frozen custard expert! My dad used to own a frozen custard business and he is extremely picky and he is the one who first brought me here. On top of the fact that they have great desserts, their food is awesome too. I love that they have shoestring fries, and their burgers are really great too. Their menu is just different than other fast food joints. For example, they have a combo that includes a hot dog and a hamburger. If you are in the area you have to stop by and try Freddy's!
Better than Five Guys Burgers.
Up until a few years ago, the only thing I had ever known about this place was that they served custard, and the thought of Frozen Custard had always been intriguing to me. I was never sure about their burgers and such until my best friend exclaimed she wanted Freddy's one day. I thought it was pretty good, but it was never on my radar because it isn't exactly close to home. 

Fast-forward a few years, and I introduced Freddy's to one of my school friends and he LOVES it. Every Tuesday and Thursday, you can find us there, in our favorite booth, both eating the Single Steakburger California Style (California Style is basically their version of an In-n-Out burger, and WAY better) with fries and extra sides of ranch.
Freddy's is the type of place you want to drive out of the way to go eat! I love the burgers and the shoestring Fry's are in my top 3 fav to eat! 

This is a must go restaurant! If you think Smashburger is good then go get a real burger at Freddy's and experience a burger worth talking about and savoring! 

The custard, although sounds kind of weird to eat, is awesome! Just try any one of the flavors and you will see why this place gets a 5 star rating from me!
I only have a few things to say:
1. The fries are probably the most amazing tasting fries I've had in the state of Arizona.
2. The custard/sundaes are the bomb.

That's it.
Ok, I'm jealous. Usually when I come visit the fam in AZ, I get jealous over SOMETHING. Pink Taco (RIP), drive-thru Panda Express, Saddle Ranch or whatever. On the way to g-ma's house I see "frozen custard" on the sign and HAD to stop...and I'm glad i did. 

The burger was pretty damn good, but the custard was DY-NO-MITE! Oh, and the fries....best fries I've had from a "fast food" place. If you live in AZ, you owe it to yourself to try this place. If you're not in AZ, u might wanna make a visit just for Freddie's. I know I will...until they get sense enough to open one in S.D.
This place is awesome! and would place it as one of the places I would visit if I was in the area. The steak burgers are a little thin, but pack big flavor. The fries are nice as well. 

The custard is outstanding and is a must after dinner meal.

Service wise, the staff is extremely friendly and compariable to chik filets...

If your in the area I would definitely make give this place a try.
Some might walk into Freddy's and think.. "Hey this is like Culvers.."   Sure, they both sell burgers and custard, but I tell ya what..  Freddy's burgers are far tastier and the custard is out of this world.  How's that for an 80s commercial?

I got a bacon cheeseburger with fries.  I had no idea their fries were shoestring, but I loved them even more.  You can get carried away with fries and end up stuffing yourself.  These work just right.  I added some of their special seasoning on top and went to town. 

Only bad thing was when I have a good burger, I can usually inhale the thing in about a minute.. the burger was gone in about 90 seconds.  Sorry! it was good!!   My girlfriend leaned over and said to me after I ate it.. "really??"  I know..  Sue me. It was good.

If I had to compare it to anything, id say Smashburger.  Which I also love.  

For dessert I had a great medley of custard, caramel, chocolate and pecans.. MMmmm.. super good.
Burger: Excellent
Cheese Fries: Addicting
Turtle Custard Sundae: Best reason to go back!  

Arrived around 8:00 PM, food was ready in minutes, ate outside, and will now have to roll myself home!  Definitely recommend!!!
Steakburgers are AWESOME.  Love this place!!  the FRIES are PHENOMINAL!!!!!!!!!   FIVE GUYS BURGERS???????  Please!!!  Freddy's tops five guys.
Great burgers and fries.
Freddy's lived up to the hype - bravo!

Loved the inside 50s style diner setup - very nostalgic (can I say that when I wasn't alive in the 50s though? :) )

A car show was going on outside, which was kinda neat.

Being a first timer I listened to the employee's recommendation on the turtle sundae. Just do it guys. Custard rocks, and caramel is da bomb. 

Can't wait to visit your east valley location closer to me!
It was a long weekend so i dont remember exactly what i got, but i believe it was just a regular cheeseburger with fries and a turtle concrete.
I know i liked it all and will be back.
This place is insanely good.  WHY ARE THERE NO CUSTARD BURGER JOINTS IN L.A.???  The original Freddy's special with everything on it and fries hits the spot every single time.  

The service here is some of the most energetic and friendly that I've ever come across, too.  I mean, yesterday the owner himself was going around talking to people, making sure they were content.  You don't find that every day.
Gotta love this place no matter the location.  It's a must that you get a double because patties are thin.  Order it like they serve it...stop being picky anyway!  The fries are amazing...thin shoe string fries!  Order an extra basket of fries to share with your table.  May as well order a cone to go for the ride home.  In PHX you gotta eat that fast...frozen custard to go in 110 degrees.  Love it!
A friend of mine recommended Freddy's because of the steak burgers which he said were lean and delicious. He was right. The texture of the meat is extremely different than anywhere else. I'm not sure how to describe it, but it is flaky and crispy, in a good way.

I also tried the Hawaiian frozen custard for dessert. It was the smoothest frozen treat I have ever eaten. I will definitely be back for more.
One of the best damn burgers in the Phoenix area. It's right there with in-n-out and 5 guys! The fries are awesome. I didn't know they
 made shoestrings that thin. The only problem is that there aren't a bunch of Freddys all over the place.
Just wanted something cold and good. Hello frozen custard! where have you been hiding? Actually used to get frozen custard on the east side with the family when I was young and it brought back so many fond memories.
Great little place, fast and friendly service
Okay...I have been here once. But I was in town visiting and heard from a few peeps that this spot was worth checking out. When we finally found it, we strolled in. Digging the old school atmosphere! Placed our order and we waited, giddy like schoolgirls. I had a patty melt, my lady friend had the PM with 'shrooms on it, and her mom had a burger. Everything looked AWESOME when it arrived. The meat is great, totally different from anything you get from any fast food joint. (Yuck). The little shoestring fries were GREAT! I usually prefer bigger fries, hell, even sometimes curly or smothered in chili, but these little guys were great. Matter of fact, I was here a little over 2 weeks ago and still haven't had fries from anywhere else. No thanks. All in our group loved their food. Next time I am in town, we are going back. Also, the worms n dirt was great as well. That frozen custard is a must-try.
Love this place! The hotdogs are so juicy and flavorful, the french fries are seasoned just right - you cannot go wrong with anything you order here! Highly recommended!
Just got a strawberry vanilla shake and strawberry cheesecake shake.... Sooo yummy. First time here and it was great. I look forward to coming back and trying the food!
After working down the street from Freddy's for a year and half and wanting to go, I finally went with a coworker who raved about the place.

I ordered the # 1 combo, burger, drink and fries. The meal was just under $7.

The burger is fresh and very good and enjoyed my burger. I wouldn't say it's my favorite burger, but it's in the upper echelon especially in the Phoenix Area.. 

One thing that stands out is the pickles that are served on the burger. I've never had  long sliced pickles on a burger, usually just pickle chips. I wish ketchup came on the burger, but you can add this yourself.

Fries were good, could have used a little more than the small scoop I received. 
 
I will definitely go back and maybe next time opt for a custard or sweet treat.
I am not sure why the hype for Freddy's.  2.5 start at the best.  The burgers are ok (meat is so thin, you can  almost see through it), fries are good, frozen custard is ok.  Maybe I like my burgers a little meatier?
Freddy's is my all-time favorite burger chain. I like it even better than In-N-Out. I love the shoestring fries. I love their burger patty and how thin they are. I think this is what McDonald's tasted like before they went big, then again, I wouldn't know since I wasn't around back then. I wish they would have a Freddy's near where I live.
Great burger & fries the custard was lacking something. Nielsens custard is way better.
As far as a fast Burger and shake goes, this place is tops. The fries are thin and crispy but not overdone and their frozen custard is a dream. You'll know why the shake straws are half an inch thick right away, they work perfectly for the thickness of their custard shakes.

The prices aren't too high either, for the quality you get over your average fast-food place a buck or two goes a long way here.

If only they had more locations, I honestly just keep forgetting this place is around because every time I go I am immediately glad I did. 

Their hot dogs are pretty "meh" but it is a burger place afterall, so you should be having one of those.
Nice place, great food and service.
I am posting this today, but can not remember what day I went. I know it was last month, but the place stays fresh in my mind.

The food was great, the service was friendly, but they forgot to make my food! I waited about twenty minutes, but eh, not  a big deal. I was out of town for work, as I often find myself. I was in no hurry to rush back to Motel (#). Before you start to make assumptions, they really did forget to make my food. There were no orders up, and no food on the grill. I'm not sure why is happened, but when I inquired about my food it was an endless stream of apologies.

The manager gave me a business card good for a free meal. I came back the next day and ate another good meal, which was only better than the first one because it was free!

I like how the manager goes table to table asking how the meal is going. This is something you normally see at places that are more formal or fancy like Olive Garden.

The place was so clean, it was hard to believe. I wish that there was a Freddy's near my home.
For a "Fast Food" style place Freddy's really impressed me. The food was tasty, the service was friendly and fast, the only thing I can even think of nitpicking is the open tables were a bit dirty but there was an employee there to wipe it down before we could sit down. 

Into the regular rotation for sure.
This is my favorite fast food style burger joint. I'd fight a (small, tired) dude for their burgers. I've tried them just about every way, but the original double with cheese is best. Onion rings are the real deal, and although I'm not a shoestring fry kind of guy, the fries are always hot, salty and tasty and are perfect for dipping by the fist full in hot sauce (*hot sauce not included).

The deserts are great too, I love their custard. The Hawaiian sundae is a must have. I know, I know, you say you don't like macadamia nuts. I'm not a big fan myself, but frozen macadamias are something completly different than their room temperature counterparts. A crunchy, nutty awesomeness that I've never tasted in anything else.

The service is always great too. One time we did have a bit of a mishap, while in the drive through our shakes came out long before our food. Which obviously meant that they had melted by the time we got home. My wife contacted the manager, who showed genuine concern and was nice enough to issue us a gift certificate of a surprisingly significant denomination, sufficient for a few trips back to the drive through.

Contrary to what Curtis Mayfield has advised, I can assure you that Freddy is most certainly NOT dead.
i have ate at freddys many times and it is usually good..the food was great today,we got there when they just opened the door at 10:30..the floors were dirty and we were the first ones in and the lady taking our order was a little cranky especially when we took more than a second to decide..then she had to correct me on my verbage on the menu..i made the mistake and called it a meal( meaning with fries and drink) i was sternly corrected and told it was a #3...lol forgive my ignorance!!! probably wont be back for a while..foods is good but not good enough to put up with attitude from staff!!
Love the tiny fries.
I typically do not like shoestring fries but Freddy's are very good. Everything else on the menu is pretty good too. I like that the burgers are not typical of fast food places. The thin patties remind me more of what you get from a diner. Oh and the frozen custard shakes are much better than the ones at Culvers.
Toasted Coconut Concrete with Vanilla Base. Period.
I did not like the food here i think its overpriced for the veggie burger you get cause there shore isnt any meat on it . Our burger patties was so thin  it looked like the crust of the burger that sticks to the pan after you flip it like they scraped it off and slapped it on a bun. My five year old boy was still hungry after eating it. Although i am impressed by their custard! It is the best thing they got going!
had to hit freddy's after my disappointment with culver's
love this place! great steak burgers and custard!
First time here!  Great food. Atmosphere and employees. Definitely coming back. The double steakhouse California style with a chocolate waffle cone for dessert.
Like a steak and shake. Good fries. Mediocre oreo ice cream bar.
Love love love the custard
I love the thin fries and the burgers are good too.
Another decent fast food chain.
This store is clean.
Staff is friendly.
Have never wronged me by shorting me an item in drive thru.
Great chain.
Solid burger and rings.
Delightful frozen yoghurt at at unbeatable price - a mini sundae for three bucks and plenty for two to share. I can't rave the same about the unfriendly service though...my cashier  had  crabby pants and  had the look of a snapper turtle. Oh well...Life goes on!

Their French fries looked fantastic and YES, OUI, SI - I will be back for those...and maybe a burger also...
Freddy's is not bad at all and the prices are reasonable. The burger is acceptably good and the shoestring fries are also on par.

Some of the employees were not that excited to be there when we went, but that didn't take too much away from the experience. Freddy's has good cheap food and for that I shall return!
This is my new go to spot when on the west side. I had the California style burger and it was really really good. The seasoning on the patty is perfect and I like that the buns are buttered and toasted. The fries were also really good and loved the fry sauce they have to dip them in. Had an oreo chocolate ice cream sandwich to top off the meal and it was the perfect ending. Restaurant was clean, reasonably priced and the service was quick and friendly. Fingers crossed they open a Scottsdale location in the future.
This place deserves some credit. At first I thought the price was a little high but the mountain of food made up for it. Great crispy fries and the steak burger wasn't half bad, it actually tasted like steak. Didn't get a chance to try the sweets but my sons hotdog was great as we're my wife chili cheese fries. The cherry on top for me was having Code red as a selection in the fountain drinks. Freddy's = The best fast food I've ever had.
For a fast food burger joint, they are just great.  Delicious burgers.  Tasty shoestring fries and fry sauce.  They have probably the best fast food onion rings you can find.  All that plus frozen custard for dessert.  Also, they keep the restaurant very clean.  It's several years old, but looks almost new.  We're fans.
"I tried this place again and the food was and services was very good. Glad I did!"
In a nutshell: 50's style, shoestring fries requires their fry's sauce, yummmmmmm.  Delish burgers and the Oreo Custard Cookie. 

Frozen Custard you might ask?  Smoother texture.  Just like ice cream  but made with eggs in addition to cream and sugar.  Ah la gourmet as if it was hand churned, much richer. Smiles all around. :)
The burgers are sloppy, the meat has almost no flavor, and whomever thought shoestring fries were a good idea needs to be slapped. I don't think that there was a single enjoyable thing to my visit here and I don't see myself ever returning. Even McDonalds seasons their meat.....
Delicious! We make sure to stop here when we visit from San Diego.
Love this place; great food and they really care about keeping their customers happy :)
Shoe string French fries, need I say more?  Thin, crunchy little delights.  oh, and the burger isn't bad either.  Stop by on a Friday evening, and there are usually some old cars to check out in the parking lot.
Love this place, Come here usually late night summer when I want to have something cold! I love their turtle sundaes
The burger and dog combo is a winner. I'm not usually a fry guy but I definitely get them here. I am never disappointed at Freddy's!
Why people are so high on this place is something I don't understand. The food doesn't stand out in any particular way while costing more than it really should. I think 3 stars is a generous assessment when considering the mediocrity of the food combined with the above-average prices.
Little diner-style burger joint that I personally prefer over any burger restaurant that has a drive through. 
Also, Freddys is one of few burger drive throughs around that offers a vegetarian burger combo.
Steak burgers are thin and stacked to create a traditional sized burger, shoe string french fries salted and "fry sauce" for dipping. "freddy's sauce" (1000 island) and freddy's seasoning are always branded flavors of the reetaurant. If you're in the area, on a time crunch, give it a go! Good stuff indeed!
We were hot & tired from a day outside and wanted a quick bite.

Unfortunately the grilled chicken sandwich is the only remotely "healthy" options though no wheat bun option.  The chicken was an actual chicken breast, not processed chicken.

My hunny got the beef hot dog and ate it in 3 bites.

I would have rather had the turtle sundae!
Went here the day they opened, expecting something at least on par with In-n-Out. Boy, was I disappointed. The burger was falling apart on the bun, and not in a good way, a la the meat being tender. No, there were small bits falling off from the burger, which itself was dry and lacking flavor, even with cheese and bacon on it. The fries? Whoever thought shoestring fries was a good idea needs to be fired. Worst fries I ever had, overcooked and under-seasoned. I would understand this if they were insanely busy on opening day, but they weren't. Aside from a couple other families, we were the only ones in the shop.

The only thing saving this place from one-star purgatory is the custard. Got a lot of it for the price; cone was huge, custard was delicious, but I suppose that's hard to screw up. With two other great places on Bell to get a delicious burger, I'm never coming back here. Very disappointing waste of money.
Thank so much to Freddy's! You really know how to make a guy feel at home. I just moved here from St. Louis. There is this place called Carl's Drive in back home... No not Carl's Jr.. That I was sorely sad about leaving. Well your burger put that sadness to sleep. Tastes just like theirs. Thank you again.
okay soooo I hate ice cream and everything that comes with it...but when it comes to Freddys custards its a musttttttt before leaving Arizona! Its amazing beyond amazing! Always welcoming staff and great food. Simple and clean.
I love Weinerschnitzel, but this location is FAIL.

I went in with a coupon for lunch as I was working down by ASU that day. I placed my order to find out that it would have just been cheaper if I had ordered the combo instead, but then discovered that on top of it all the clerk rang me up wrong. This isn't usually a big deal, so I just asked that they correct my order to the pretzel bun chili dogs that I enjoy so very very much.

Short version of the story was that the manager was rude and I had to swipe my card again for another 60-something cents for the pretzel bun upgrades. A good manager would have just done it for having screwed up my order but he copped an attitude with me as well. 

Maybe he mistook me for an ASU student trying to cause him trouble and not, you know, a paying customer. Who knows.

Just make sure you speak slowly and make them read your order back to you (TWICE) and you should be fine.
Ok I know this is by the college and just fast food but now with Angus Beef Hot dogs you gotta try this place. Took my family of 4 there for lunch cost $21. The dogs are great, daughter loved the 99 cent corn dog and strawberry lemondade. Yum, quick and cheap when you gotta eat on the run.
I really wanted to give these guys 5 stars, but it's the price of things that made me go, "no, I can't."

I've been dragged to many Weinerschnitzels in my lifetime because my friends have hot dog cravings and this one was IMPECCABLY clean. I mean, I wasn't scared. The floors were spotless, the tables gleamed, even the serving counter was immaculate. The place where food was put behind the counter was something my anal retentive self fell in love with - it was all sparkly clean, napkins piled neatly and in an orderly fashion. I nearly fainted.

I even commented on it and the guy behind the counter said, "We want to have our customers see a clean place. Not a dirty one."

Much love as I do have for the cleanliness, I think they made up for it in price. No deals, nothing. I'm used to seeing a dollar menu-ish type of thing. The ones in California have them and I should know because I see the promos for them on TV here in California.

I was surprised to see that a chili dog combo (2 chili dogs, medium fries and drink) was $5.99.

I should've persuaded my friends to hit costco and gotten the hot dog, drink AND an ice cream for a little over $3.

Nice clean place, but dirty high prices for a fast food joint.
Back in the day Der Wienerschnitzel was consistently cheap at its very many locations but there aren't too many around anymore and you gotta be careful with your order and use coupons to eat at the prices its quality would mandate.   Corn dogs are still 79 cents all the time, chili dogs are 99 cents only after 9pm without a coupon.

The manager is the owner or is paid based on sales as he is kinda stinky about the coupons.  You do have to double check your bill and order "properly" because the specials & coupons won't always ring up right and a combo won't be a combo unless you order it that way.   

It is clean, clean, clean.... it MUST be an owner/manager.  

Don't forget to ask for onions with the chili dog... who would ever dream you would have to do this?
This is one of those restaurants that I had never actually seen until I moved to Arizona.  It was one of those mythological places that I always heard or read about.  Then I try it and find it's not so mythological but it does the trick.

I have eaten at Wienerschnitzel a few times since moving here.  It easily surpasses the typical fast food joints.  I'll eat here over McDonald's or Burger King or Taco Bell any day of the week.  The main drawback to Wienerschnitzel is that it's still a typical fast food joint.  Here in Tempe there's other options for dogs that are much better.  I can hit up Ted's or venture into Mesa for a Sonoran dog at Mickey's.  Still, I do visit Wienerschnitzel because it's close and I love eating at a place called Wienerschnitzel.

As pure fast food this is a good place to check out.
Sadly, I'm giving this place one star and an explanation why it is only getting one star.  The Manger/operator guy.

Sure, the food here isn't all that bad.  Probably a half a notch or so higher than most of the hot slop fast food you can get for lunch.  Most of the crew members are pretty attentive, don't seem to be meth addicted, and I see them cleaning the tables on a regular basis.  Looks like the crew changes over quite often, and I know why.

My beef is not with the crew members, oh no.  Not with the food or cleanliness of the store.  Nope.  The Manager guy, the guy who looks like a real pussy version of John Leguizamo.  This guy ruins about every trip I have to this joint.  That is my problem with this joint.  Elaboration will proceed now.

This guy is without a doubt one of the biggest assholes I have ever encountered in the fast food industry.  Actually, one of the biggest assholes period.  What a douche bag.  Seems like any time I have a coupon, this guy will literally butt in the middle of the order, give me a ration of shit and do about anything possible not to use it.  Seriously, what is it, 30 cents?  I had a store coupon that was on a tray liner a while ago and this nutsack got in the middle of the order, cancelled it and refused to let the coupon be used.  I asked why and he said it was not legit (why was it on the tray liner then fuckhead?) I checked the menu, they would have lost 10 cents.  Lady taking my order after P.J.L. (pussy John Leguizamo) walked away pretty embarassed said "sorry"  Not her fault.  Never saw her working there after then, was probably tired of that guys shit.  I don't blame you.

Last trip here, they have promos on their drink cups for free shit.  Awesome.  We all know this is the garbage that costs them nothing but I am a sucker for something free.  On my trip before the last, I got one for a free corndog.  SCORE!  I cash it in on my last trip, and the guy ringing up the order said it would be on a different ticket.  No sweat, I could give a shit less as long as I get my corndog.  Go to get my order, ask where the corndog is.  P.J.L. butts in the middle of the order, says "This is your order, this is what you have" and was a fucking prick about it.  Me, the customer.  Yanks the receipt out of my hand, gives me an attitude about it.  Who the fuck talks to a customer like that, even at a low rent fast food joint?  Fuck you.  Seriously.  The guy who took my order tried to explain the situation and dicknose literally looks at him, puts his hand in front of the guys face, and says "ssssshhhhhh" and snaps his fingers the same way I do to my dogs to keep them barking or eating drywall.  Who degrades their employees like that?  All he was trying to do was explain my free item was on another ticket.  Instead of listening, he made a complete asshat out of himself.  It was a corndog, what does that cost you anyway, about 12 cents in batter, a stick, and a combination of horse eyeballs and badger penis meat?  

Dude (cashier guy, tattoo on your arm), tell that guy to get fucked and get a better job.  No one deserves that shit.  I am actually ashamed I didn't say something for you, I truly am.

What would have normally gotten a decent review is what it is.  My rant speaks for itself.  One shithead ruins it for the ones working for him.  For the ones working there, I will pray for you.  You need it.  P.J.L., get out of there and become a pimp in Tijuana, they need midget controlling assholes over there.  You would do great at that.
We had never been to a Wienerschnitzel before, and after this dinning experience we will probably not be coming back.

We were going to Bookmans and thought this might be a good quick stop for something other then tacos and burgers.  Watching some of the LA Angels baseball games on TV this past summer made me think of Wienerschnitzel and their 50 year celebration.  After eating here, I cannot imagine how they lasted that long.  

The only other hot dog chain which I have eaten is Nathan's Famous.  Even though Nathan's has it's own short comings, they at least have a product you might actually want to eat, other than at 2 o'clock in the morning.

This is a hot dog place, plain and simple. They serve Oscar Meyer type hot dogs, though that might be a disservice to Oscar Meyer.  There is something about their Original hot dog that seems lighter, or air filled.  When I mentioned lighter, I mean that they weights next to nothing.  The bun weights more.  Combined with it's lack of taste, you wonder what you were eating.  In a blindfolded test, you would never guess.

For the record, we had couple of Original Hot Dogs, a Polish sandwich Meal deal (which was much better then the dogs), Jalapeno Poppers, Chili fries and two sodas which all amazingly came to $12 or so for the two of us.  They also charge 25 cents extra for a second ranch dressing for the poppers.  Six poppers and only one sauce?  

The employees behind the counter were fine.  They were not a factor in on our decision to skip this place in the future.  In the end, it was just the food that was tasteless and uninspiring.  Admitedly, we did not try their Angus beef hot dogs.  So maybe we were missing something from the Weinerschnitzel experience.  Ehh!
Several months ago swung by for several hot dogs and three orders of fries. Went through the drive thru and when I got home my order was short. 

Drove 20 min back to the location and was lucky enough to get attitude from the night manager ( Martine ). He was disgusted that I was angry about the situation. I finally just gave the all the food back and asked for a full refund. He took the food and balled it up and slammed it into the trash can by the counter.

He made sure to bill me for the coke I forgot at home. Horrible customer service from this member of their management team.

The worst part of all, I contacted Wienerschnitzel 24hr customer service later that evening. The rep was very sorry for my experience and stated she would pass it along to all parties. She informed me I would be contacted as well asap by an operation rep. Three months later not even an email. 

Horrible customer service.
the best!
You have to like this kind of food to like this place. I grew up with wienerschnitzel so I love it. The location is generally clean but as with most fast food the service is sub-par and the facility is so so. You don't come here for a 1st class experience so in truth I get exactly what I expect and keep coming back. I wish the workers spoke English but the junk food is great.
My son says the hot dogs are pretty good, but the service is not good at all.
Cheap hot dogs with various options and incarnations (e.g., Chicago dog, pastrami dog, corn dogs).  You can even get 5 chili dogs for $5, how ridiculously cheap is that?  Everything tastes pretty greasy, as is par for the course with other fast food places.  I tried the Angus pastrami dog, which came on a pretzel bun with mustard and pickle.  There was a decent amount of pastrami on the hot dog, and the hot dog itself had a nice "bite" to it and was juicy.  The pretzel dog looked a little smashed, but tasted OK.  If I'm feeling like a real cheap skate this might be a good option if I want a hot dog, but with Ted's hot dogs close in this vicinity, I'd rather go to Ted's if I want quality vs. quantity/price.
The food was great, I had a root beer float and a chicago dog. Also I was surprised at how clean the restaurant was.
Totally disappointed. I wasn't paying attention when I pulled into the parking lot and I thought I was going to Whataburger. Imagine my surprise when all I saw was hotdogs on the menu! Took me a minute to figure out why, but once I did, since I was there, I thought I'd try something. Having never been to a Wienerschnitzel before I had to rely on the photos to show me what to expect. Saw the sauerkraut dog and had to order that, has mustard too, perfect way to eat a hot dog. Shakes were on sale, so i got a chocolate one. The shake was ok, it didn't make it back to the office, but not because it was 'awesome', it was because I was thirsty and that's all I had. Got to the office, opened the bag, pulled out the hotdog and, well, was quite disappointed. The photo shows a HOTDOG in a bun with a nice stripe of mustard and a heaping amount of sauerkraut. That is not what I got. I got a hotdog in a BUN, with about a teaspoon of sauerkraut that looked like it was dipped in mustard. Ok, so i'm used to the Costco hotdogs, where you can actually see the dog sticking out each side, so i was expecting as such. That's how the photo looked, but no, no dog sticking out. took me two bites each end to find the hot dog. and it was no bigger around than my finger and was tasteless. Won't go there again.
John the man working the counter here was as pleasant as possible,  making sure to check in on us during our meal. He even brought us out free samples of birthday cake ice cream. He definitely made the lunch one to remember!
This is the DQ the hubs and I roll through. There is one much closer to our house, but it doesn't have a drive through, and generally when i want DQ I am already in my PJ's and not looking so presentable. 

So we drive a tiny bit further for the luxury of staying in the car. 

So, we roll through last week. They were busy, but the line moved fast. We get to the window and the girl is all out of sorts and mumbling stuff we don't know what she is saying. She goes to get our ice cream and almost gets into a fight with one of her fellow coworkers. She comes back to the window and looks all sorts of stabby. We get our blizzards and split! 

The ice cream is always good. They have messed up our order a few times, and the people that work there generally scare me. But I love ice cream and will get my fix any way I can
Drove through this one today determined to try one of the thick yellow Lemonade's I always see advertised. I ordered a large and drove up to the window. What I got was a solid white concoction and very watery. I took a sip and not only was it barely cool in temperature, but tasted like a solid block of sugar. No lemon to be found anywhere, and certainly not the thick cold looking drink advertised.  I knocked on the drive thru window repeatedly as the girl who waited on me had closed it, for what seemed like an eternity. When she finally came to the window with a disdainful look on her face asking what I wanted.  I explained the issue and not only did she not offer to remake it, she seemed pissed that I had a beef. When I suggested an Orange Julius instead or something comparable, she only pointed out the higher price difference. I then asked for a large diet soda, which she obliged but didn't bother to refund the difference in price. (I should have got back at least .40 cents) Clearly the advertised product and what you will find waiting for you at the window are two different things. I guess what made me the most dissatisfied is her complete lack of interest in giving me what I paid for, and essentially a "what do you want me to do about it" attitude. Does this place even have a manager? I wonder. Clearly customer service is not something they strive for here. And management if you're reading this, here's a tip; If you're going to advertise a THICK, COLD, LEMON drink, you need to deliver. What was handed to me today was pathetic, not to mention the crappy customer service. I won't be back.
I have been to this location twice in the past month and each time they mess up our order. Either they put two pieces of nuts I. A whole large ice cream or completely don't put in any item at all! I won't be coming to this location anymore.
Cashier didn't give me what I order really dumb pay a waffle cone that real cost is $3.29 for a stupid over full ice cream that broke my cone and the ice cream spilling on the floor just for $4.54
Pretty good gelato, but it wasn't as creamy as I anticipated. I tried samples of the Burgundy Cherry and the Mascapone Caramel Pistachio. I wish I could try more gelato flavors, but I felt bad for asking. I should have tried the creme brulee since that was almost gone. 

The Mascapone Caramel Pistachio was sweet with the caramel, but I didn't get a lot of caramel. In addiiton, the pistachios were soggy! The refrigeration must be really at Melt. 

You can purchase the following sizes:
- Cup gelato (see picture for size)- $3.25
- Larger cup - $4.60
- Take Out Size
- Sampler size of  4 gelato flavors

For the price, I expected the portions to be larger. Oh well.

The guy worker had the most apathetic attitude. When I asked whether I could try something, I could barely hear the answer out of his mouth. Eh, I wish he was more excited about his job. 

This place also makes crepes, smoothies, panini sandwiches, and drinks.

At least I had my sweet dessert for the day.
Came here with the husband and tried only the gelato.  I had the mascarpone caramel pistachio-good but missing the OMG factor for me.  The husband had double dutch chocolate.  I tried his and you could definitely taste the richness of the cocoa.

The cups they serve it in are about the size of Dixie bathroom cups.  They have to mound the gelato over the top which makes it a little difficult to eat.  I would have ordered a cone if I wanted to deal with that.

The gelato is good, and I will definitely come here again if I happen to be at PV Mall.  Otherwise, I will stick with Gelato Old Town or Gelato Spot for a better product.
We wanted to live it up in Vegas, but since we couldn't get last-minute reservations for 10+ people, so we checked out Trevi. It took us about 1 minute to get seated (great!), our waitress was nice and pretty (Korean girl. we made a bet to find out what her ethnicity is!), and everyone had fun eating pasta and sipping wine, iced tea, gin and tonics, etc. Well, we had a good time. The food was just average but overall, the experience is great. Can't remember if we ever asked for the waitress's name but look for the cute Korean girl.
Multiple Choice Quiz:

1.  How long does it take to make and deliver two salads?

a)  5 minutes
b)  15 minutes
c)  30 minutes
d)  45 minutes

2.  What is the appropriate  waiter response if the wait for a salad is longer than 30 minutes?

a)  "Terribly sorry about this!"
b)  "I'll have these out momentarily and apologize for the wait."
c)  "Please don't hurt me hungry ladies - please."
d)  "Well, somebody stole the first one.  It'll be a couple more minutes."

3.  How should a hungry green bunny deal with a lack of immediately available veggies?

a)  wait patiently and be serene
b)  down several glasses of wine and dance on the tables
c)  start sharpening the fork tines
d)  gaze at the fountain, sigh loudly and pray her stomach doesn't decide to consume her spleen

Answers:

If you responded with (d) to all of the above - you win!
This place was satisfying if you take into account the location you are in, decor, and service, but do not order the pizza. I was really disappointed.. it was totally an American Pizza. 

The good side was the ciabatta bread they served & the tuna tartar appetizer (mind you..not very italian hahaha..with the avocado and all) although it was still really really good.

All in all, food is pretty average. The up side is that you are conveniently located in Caesar's and the ambiance is pretty nice, too.

Pros:
+ good service
+ nice location in Caesars, and nice decor
+ I really liked the background music too, all italian

Cons:
- very americanized Italian food. Although I was expecting this as the name of the restaurant is very cliche
NOTE:  While Trevi is a Italian restaurant, I am reviewing the gelato stand to the side of the establishment so please consider this dessert review independent of the restaurant as I've never eaten here before.

Situated inside the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops in vivaaaaaa Las Vegas, Trevi's gelato was a welcome surprise and discovery.  At first you might not notice it hidden around to the corner of the main restaurant, but the gelato here is molto squisito!  That's Italian for: holy crap this is yummers!!

It's so good, every time I come to Vegas now, I absolutely must stop by this place each trip to grab a generous helping of their very excellent tiramisu gelato.  I highly recommend it.  Real pieces of ladyfingers and just the right amount of rum soaked in - It's the most authentic tiramisu-flavored dessert that I've tried that isn't the real deal.  Of course there's other flavors to choose from but I'm a sucker for all things tiramisu so if they can make it this good, the rest has to be pretty good.  Actually, my friends tried other flavors and they agreed it's very good without having to resort to go to Italy.

Prices are reasonable at about $6 a pop.  But hey you're in Vegas, indulge yourself!
So we all know that Vegas becomes more pretentious by the day, leading up to full raunchy craziness on the weekends. It's exactly the same at Trevi. The waiters get better looking the closer you get to the weekend, the specials a little more glamorous, and the alcohol a little tastier. 

We went two nights in a row, and the first night ordered so much food I actually had leftovers. The pizza I ordered was good but not great, but the bruschetta we ordered as an appie was outstanding. The bread was perfectly soaked with the juices of the tomato and the olive oil, and there was a lovely little palette cleansing salad to wash it down with. The only interesting part for me was discovering the mushrooms in the tomato mix... Seriously, fungi? Never have I had that in bruschetta before. Whatev. 

Last night, the waiter forgot to bring us our palenta fries, and when I asked him to take them off our bill and not bring them, he comped them, but brought them out as a bonus. See? Wasn't that nice? In Vegas, everyone's a winner!
this too is for the little gelato stand...

Me: oooo gelato! let's get some!
BF: really? okay
Me: hmm i want the tiramisu
BF: we'll have one tiramisu and one cappuccino

chick: *scoops both and puts on counter*
BF: pays and tips (betch didnt deserve it)

chick: *walks away*

Me: uhh which one is which they're both the same color *thinks to myself i'll just grab the one she put closer to me since she knows thats the one i wanted*
BF: well yours taste like rum, that must be tiramisu
Me: okay..

10 mins later...
Me: ooooooooo look at the gelato there! it looks way better than ours! damnnit!
BF: theirs looks hella better..

15 minutes later (i'm halfway done at this point)
Me: are u SUUUURE this is mine.. it really doesnt taste like tiramisu..infact yours taste like it because its creamier and taste like mascarpone..
BF: *tastes again* oohhh you're right..
Me: great now im gona have a heart attack *NOTE: CANNOT HAVE CAFFEINE* well i want mine back even though i already ate half of yours cuz i dont wanna die
My wife and I were jetlagged on east coast time and stopped by here for dinner at about 3:30pm Vegas time.

This place gets five stars because the waiter we had was extremely accommodating.  Even though they weren't serving their dinner menu yet, the kid took our custom orders and even had the chef make a risotto dish for my wife that wasn't on the menu.  Anybody that will go to those lengths deserves props.

And the food was pretty good, the drinks were strong, and sitting out by the fountain was nice.
I've had my share of meals in Vegas.  In recent years, I've dined mostly in casinos where my parents have an obscene amount of points and we don't have to pay for anything.  This time, we had dinner one night at Trevi, which is in the Forum Shops and thus separate from Caesar's Palace.  Between the four of us, we had two paper-thin pizzas and two salads.  I ordered a gigantic seafood salad.  It has shrimp, scallops, crab.... so darn tasty.  The pizzas were perfect, thin, crispy, stringy cheesy.  

We looked at the wine list...really overpriced.  We recognized some of the wines, definitely not worth the price.  But way down somewhere in the menu, near the pizzas was a house "pizza wine".  The bottle was 20 some-odd dollars.  It was a light red, bubbly wine.  It wasn't sweet, it was actually quite refreshing and delicious.  Perfect for the ordered meal....
Not bad food and I like the atmosphere of eating in the middle of the Forum Shops.  A little expensive for what you get (but I suppose that's an apt description of a lot of Las Vegas restaurants).  Our waiter was good, and even pointed out that a dish I initially ordered wasn't their best.  It seemed a little odd at the time to have a waiter bad-mouth a dish, but I appreciated the honesty and ordered something else. 

While there are many other places to go in Vegas that I would recommend this was a good choice since we didn't have reservations anywhere else that night.
The food was great, but the service was disappointing.  We came here for a late lunch after spending a few hours at Qua Spa.  The pizza here was amazing, with generous toppings and a crispy crust.  Our server was not very responsive to getting water glasses filled and checking in on our meal.
Our last day in Vegas,

Decided to window shop at Caesar's Palace and made a pit stop at Trevi for lunch. Our server was great, he's always on cue (He's blonde and were glasses). By the time you finished your iced tea, he put's down another one, what a service or either that he can tell we're dehydrated from consuming so much alcohol in our weekend stay. 

We ordered cream of mushroom (yummy), calamari (ok), crab spinach & artichoke dip (yummy), salad (gigantic) and 3 of us ordered linguini di mare (huge proportion but bland in taste). Pricey lunch but hey you're in Vegas. 

After our lunch, we were so ready to be back home, away from cigarettes & cigar smokes.
Trevi is excellent.  after losing a a ton of money at the tables, you can easily wander over to the forum shops and get some Italian comfort food.  Excellent.
This used to be Bertolini's.  We wandered to this restaurant for the first time as a rescue for our poor bodies after walking around the Forum Shops all day long.  What a welcome feast.  The lasagna is so rich and creamy, not like the usual dish that's drowning in a tangy tomato sauce.  The cheese in this dish was incredible.  It wasn't oozing out from the layers of pasta, but it simply melted in your mouth.  How did they do that?  Another favorite is the Romano Chicken over a bed of spinach.  Tender chicken crusted with cheesy breadcrumbs and a mushroom cream sauce.  Yeah baby.  And the good thing is, you're in the mall, so you can walk off the calories afterwards.  The restaurant has since changed the name to Trevi, but in talking to the staff, it's the same restaurant.  Same location in the Forum, same menu.
We didn't have the patience to continue looking around faor other places to eat in the Forum Shops, so we stopped here. Also, the big plus is that it wasn't that packed (compared to Wolfgang Puck's which is right around the corner). The food is pretty good, and service is decent. They make some tasty martinis too!
horrific food. lousy service. my eggplant was inedible. i tried to send it back. my husband had sausage and polenta. the sausage was hard and burnt, over garliced and over spiced. it tasted like charcoal. the polenta was flavorless and soggy and didn't even resemble corn meal. tasted like it was made from ground cardboard. house red was lousy.
The food wasn't too bad.. atmosphere was nice and fun.. a decent place to go eat when you're tired of shopping and hungry! :)  I had pasta and it was pretty good.. the portions are decent and it was more than enough for me.  the waiter was really nice and they offered us free desert because it was my friends party :)
My bf and I were staying at Caesars and after a long drive from LA, we were practically starving. I wanted to try Spagos next door, however after looking at the menu posted in front, nothing caught our attention as sounding good. So we decided to try out Trevi.

I ordered the Lasagna which was pretty good, but not the best I've had. My bf got the chicken parmigiana and he thought it was pretty tasty. 

Loved my peach belinis. 

Overall, the service was good, the food came out quick, and the prices were cheaper than I expected.
We came here back in February for dinner during our Bachelorette Weekend Bash!  [ Not my Bachelorette party, mind you ;) ]  Anyway, the food was delicious and everything you expected it to be.  I personally think Italian food is somewhat predictable, but that is a good thing sometimes.  

I wasn't too hungry.  [ Okay fine, I didn't want to each too much cause we were planning on hitting the clubs after. ]  So I ordered the Calamari Fritti appetizer.  It was delicious and more than enough food for an entree, but I suppose it's meant to be shared.  Anyway, it was fried calamari which was done perfectly, not overcooked and chewy.  It also included lightly fried veggies all dressed with a Lemon sauce.  The Grey Goose dirty martini with three olives I ordered was also made perfectly.  Strong and salty, just how I like it!

The waiter was extremely nice and friendly.  Minus 1 Star for the somewhat crowded seating arrangement.  There was a private party occupying the entire upper floor, so this may be the explanation.  Overall a good experience.
After checking out all the restaurants in the Forum Shops, we decided to eat at Trevi because of the atmosphere.  After all, what's better then sitting out in the Forum shops with the giant fountain and the view of all the passers by?!  

We came on a Friday night around 8pm and we were seated within 5 minutes, and they gave us a pretty good seat near the fountain.  The server came quickly with waters and a drink order.   Our server was friendly and efficient, and he came back several times throughout our stay to make sure everything was ok.

The food was delicious and reasonably priced.  I loved every bite, but I don't remember the name of my dish.  ;)  My boyfriend had the lasagna and I had a bite, it was delicious!
There are two listings of the same place here. The food was good. Very tasty and satisfying, especially for those who go on the whim and try the place out. Our server, Pickle, yeah I know, ha ha. He was very friendly and very attentive to our needs.  Go here if you don't know where to go or if you don't have a dinner reservation. It will not disappoint you.
This place is good, the service is quick and it's a good place to people-watch. I think the inside of the forum shops is a little creepy with the fake sky painted on the ceiling but that's just me. If you're craving Italian food in Vegas, go here.
The false roman setting is gorgeous.  I fell in love with Caesar's Palace for my first trip to Vegas.  So while we were waiting to see Elton John we just walked up and nabbed an 'outdoor table'.  Our server was very nice and accomadating.  Just beware - not freshly made food (which is why it's so afforable).  When I order lasagna and chicken parmingna at least let me get 3 sips of wine in before you bring it out in all of it's heat lamp cheese looking glory!  It's the illusion!!  

But it was good kitchy fun in Vegas which is what it's all about right?
I came here one afternoon with two of my friends after shopping for lunch and I was not as satisfied as I was expectingn to be. I had the chicken with artichoke and dried tomatoes over pasta while they had the polenta with chicken and my other friend i do not remember what he had. But he ordered an italian soda and didnt like it. I liked my dish but didnt love it and my other friend was not liking his plate at all. After we ate, we ordered a chocolate molten lava cake but the cake was very dry and hard. It was not worth $120
Only been here once to eat dinner. Had Linguini with clams and it was DELISH.... I haven't had pasta with seafood THAT GOOD since we've been to Europe. It was kinda expensive, but totally worth it. Would definitely go here again!
I came here before when it was Bertolino's and it wasn't bad.  Extremely large portions was what I remembered.  I came back again in May and had a bachelorette dinner for my gf. The service here was awesome.  I had great help setting up the dinner and our server was very accomodating.  I tried the tuna tartare and calmari appetizer it was pretty good.  I had a seafood pasta entree that I thought was just alright.  At least the bottle of pinot grigio I ordered was not bad.
Eh - just ok. Not great, not terrible either. We sat at the bar and shared some appetizers and wine. The bartender was chatty and sweet, although when I asked if they had lemonchello( a fav after meal treat at any italian rest!) I was super excited to hear that, yes in fact she makes it herself! However, my excitement quickly ended upon tasting it... gasoline would have been a nicer way to end my meal. I did get a happy little buzz going, and after all that IS what your supposed to do in Vegas!
Not too shabby...nothing to write home about.  It is really cool to sit 'outside' next the fountain and feel like you are somewhere completely different.  The service was good.  The pasta was good - I had the chicken, sundried tomatoes, and artichoke dish.  There is plenty to look at while you are dining.
Shortly after arriving in Vegas only to find that the check in line to our hotel was out the effin door due to a stupid computer glitch, we decided to drop our bags with the good ol' bell boys (dont have to rely on computers for that!) and take ourselves out to some dinner.  Well naturally we head to Caesars Palace, hoping for a great find.  We head to Trevi, and for what looked like a busy night, got seated impressively fast.  But I would soon be disappointed, when it must've taken about 10 minutes for someone to finally get around to asking us if we wanted anything to drink.  Not to mention, we were helped by about 4 different guys in the entirety of our stay.  Some of which we politely asked about twice if we could please get extra sets of silverware - apparently we were seated at a table that was far from being prepared for the next party. 
I dont know if it was the time ( it was only 10-early in Vegas ) but some of those guys must have seriously been drunk,  at some point, the guy picking up our plates dropped a knife down the back of my chair!

Food was ok....in my opinion, its hard to remember food when the service overpowers your experience. Dont know that I'll ever give it a second chance.
THE ORDER
Frito Misto
Italian sausage pizza
Merlot, Red Rock (yummy affordable red, fruity & spicy but not to tannic)

YIPPEEE
1 of the best Frito misto's I've ever had
               we fought over the last scallop
               after 5 days in Vegas it was the only thing i wanted more of
People watching in a beautiful setting

BOOO
Vegas is 400 miles away & I already wanna go back
I had the Penne Puttanesca and it was great.  We also ordered the Frito Misto which I recommend.  It was spicy so watch out!  This place is cute and it's an outdoor-like setting inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's.  It's fun to people watch :)
This was slightly short of OK.  Table and chairs were uncomfortable.  it looked really cute, but it was crowded, busy, and the waitstaff was rude, rushed us, and overall, it wasn't a pleasant dining experience.
This Place is Pretty good, me and My GF were visiting from Los Angeles Area and the food was pretty good, the price is pretty high for the food u get, the italian soda are good. and the sorbetto was good too. when we got the entrees u dont get any sides with it, i think they need to serve sides with the entrees and the price for a salad thats not chopped up for u is ridiculous.   but if u wanna have a good brunch or Dinner go to the top of the world restaurant at the stratosphere.
I love the location! Great for people watching. The appetizers are good. The fettuccine alfredo is so good, not too creamy. The pizzas are really good too. I love thin crust pizzas!
My favorite thing about Trevi is the location and the drinks! Great location, in the middle of the Forum shops next to the big fountain with the horses with wings. They have a cute patio area thats opens to the fountain. Fun place to sit and people watch.  My boyfriend and I had lunch there. He doesnt like to be seen when he eats so we ended up in the indoor dining area which is also very nice. Its nice and cozy with a contempory style. We had a great booth near the bar which had flatscreens that had the Warrior game on. I had the Chicken Marinato pizza which was the bomb, cant go wrong with anything that has pancetta. They have a blended martini there called, I think lemontini or something like that! Its very refreshing and not too sweet like typical "fru fru" drinks and a must when eating at Trevi. Its a creeper so watch out!! Overall great service, great food and a great experience. Its a little bit on the pricey side but portions are a good size so you can always share.
A favorite restaurant of ours.  Has a very good wine list and also very good Italian food.  Yes, the prices are high, but where in Vegas can you get the $1.99 deal anymore?  The food is clean and straightforward, not frilly and overdone.  I'd recommend it to anyone who likes good Italian.
I ate here for a late lunch while strolling through the Forum shops.  It seemed a good choice as it was fairly reasonably priced with some lighter options - salads, pizzas, soups, appetizers.  The food is definitely not cheap but it was not outrageous, either, especially in comparison with some of the other options at Caesar's.

I opted for the Tuscan Tuna Salad.  It was a very good salad and completely hit the spot (I was searching for something light after eating a pretty large but pretty early breakfast, and drinking a Fat Tuesday drink).  The salad was large with fresh ingredients and a nice flavor.  The tuna added the protein to satisfy me and hold me until a later dinner.  

The service was very prompt and friendly, and the setting inside the Forum is pleasant.  There is a fountain nearby and you can watch people while you're eating.  I didn't try too many things here but, based on what I did try, I would be likely to return if I was in the area and looking for a good bit to eat.
Loved it. Would definitely go back.


if only I could remember what I ordered.
So this was my second time to this restaurant, but a much different experience.  The first time I went here, it was with Eunju O., and it was more on a romantic level.

This last time I went, it was with my CES crew, and it was not a romantic dinner.  The food here is decent, but the price is a bit higher than what I would expect for a restaurant in the Forum Shops.  The 3 of us ordered a main dish and a drink, and the bill ended up being over $80.  Not too expensive, but for what we got, it still seemed a bit high.  Maybe it was because we had "outdoor" seating.
Trevi is nothing extraordinary, but is quite yummy and only a litte overpriced. I got the cheese ravioli which was pretty delicious but didn't need to be $20. However, in Vegas, Trevi is quite affordable and nicely located in Ceasar's Palace. 

I do strongly recommend getting the Polenta Fries. I'd never seen such a cute, creative way to serve polenta, (shaped like french fries with marinara sauce to dip it).
Call me crazy, but I really enjoyed this place. You can get a ton of food for a decent price while sitting outside watching the "statues" near the trevi fountain at the forum. It is a nice place to sit and relax after walking the strip or shopping all day. The minestrone soup, pizza, bread, salads, etc were all 2 steps higher than an Olive garden, but not as ritzy as say Spago. Save the money and the long wait in line and just eat at Trevi.
I had my wedding reception here and it turned out amazing! Lalana was great with every aspect of planning my wedding. The food was amazing, the service everything! I was so happy I chose to have my reception here, it made our day even more unforgettable!
We went here because it was the only restaurant in Forum shops that was open at 10:30pm on a Thursday night. I felt like I could have gotten better food for the price. I had the Chicken Limon- a plate of grilled chicken pieces, sun-dried tomato, some veggies, on top of a bed of pasta for $26. It plain and nothing GREAT. The one thing I did like about this place was the setting. We were seated in the area outside of the restaurant next to the gorgeous fountain. The location is nice but the food ...blehh... overpriced and unimpressive!
We at at Trevi last weekend, the food was really good.  I had carpaccio and a very nice Caprese salad, my DH had a nice pasta dish and the kids had pizza.  The service was good and the restaurant is in the forum shops at Cesar's palace
Awesome food!  We walked all over, and this place had only a few minutes wait, we sat right next to the fountain 'outside' (inside the Forum) - Really nice.  We had 3 different pastas and all 3 were fresh and done very well.
Decent ambiance for the "outdoor" seating and good, but unremarkable Italian. Their Caprese salad was excellent as was the bruschetta. Overall, not a bad place to grab a bite to eat if you happen to be in the Forum.
The most exciting thing about my meal here was drinking a frozen bellini and watching two men eat with prostitutes. It gave Nick and I some serious conversation topics from why would you pay for dinner for a call girl to do you think they have them on a nightly rate and a great debate on how much that would cost where we pooled all of our TV/movie knowledge and used inflation rates to determine our answers. The rest was just Italian food that someone I know could probably make just as well for me. Nick and I split a chopped Italian salad and Rigatoni Bolognese. I would have rather had Burger Palace.

The service however was outstanding. And that always goes a long way in my book.
This place was a bit of a find to get to. But once we found it, we had a good time. 

My order was HUGE! It was a lot bigger than what I had expected! And it was yummy too. We sat in their "outdoor" seating which we were able to comment on the people that walked by. Saw some interesting creatures there that is for sure! 

Our waiter was great...everytime my water or iced tea (I was pregnant then) got halfway empty it was refilled. Couldn't have asked for anyone better!
While in Vegas we stumbled upon Trevi and decided to stop for lunch. I am so happy we did because this has got to be the best pizza and tiramisu I have ever had. The atmosphere to start with was perfect. We sat right next to the fountain, the lighting is dim and the air is cool. I don't remember the last time I have felt so relaxed and comfortable at a restaurant. 
Anyway, what makes the pizza so superb is the way the crust is warm, thin, and crusty but still soft on the inside. This comes from the fact they make their pizzas in a brick fired oven. The toppings were also fresh and they use real cheese not imitation. Very filling pizza as well.
The tiramisu we decided to split three ways and it was perfect. The ladyfingers were soft but not soaked through with the coffee and the taste was just phenomenal. 
When I make it out to Vegas again, rest assured I will be back to Trevi!
Service was pretty good. Food was decent. Ambiance was nice...kind of a contemporary lounge feel. Pretty nice drink list.
Damn, this place sucks.   We ordered 4 different dishes and only 1 was decent - the spaghettini pomodoro

The bread they give you before the meal taste like they went to the local supermarket and bought some Sara Lee brand.    It was untoasted and dry.

Ambiance is cool though since you can sit out in the faux-outdoors of Cesar Forum Shops plaza and look at the sky.   

Food is overpriced for what it is.   I had to send back my chicken parmigana because it was burnt crisp.   The waiter asked if wanted something else (which was nice) and I ordered the chicken marsala.   That was just as bad.    

Just look over your shoulder and go to Spagos, 50 ft away.    Much better.
This place is well positioned coming out of the Caesars casino onto the mall, but all else is average.
Appetizers were small and two of them barely stemmed hunger for a party of five. The food was really average for what you might expect. I had the lasagna and it seemed like it had been re-warmed and sitting on the plate for a while. Obviously microwaved at the last minute.
All other meals were just OK.
I expected better for the price. Keep walking.
A-OK restaurant with decent cuisine.   Had better Italian, but nice atmosphere.   Definitely recommend to seat outside overlooking the "Fountain of Youth"... Or on the Second Level by the big-high open windows!
Trevi would not be a destination restaurant in Vegas nor would it be my first choice for a business dinner, which is the occasion that we were there. Trevi is situated in the the Forum Shops with majority of its seating in the mall. The inside of the restaurant is very nice and comfortable with its high ceilings, open kitchen and dark colors. Sitting in the restaurant rather than the patio is highly recommended. The dinning room keeps all the mall noise out and it feels more like a restaurant rather than apart of a mall food court. 

The service was great at first with prompt delivery of menus, drinks, bread and appetizers. After the appetizers were served service became nonexistent. After receiving the bill, it turned out that the gratuity was already added. It was then obvious as to why our server began focusing his efforts on smaller tables...weather he sucked or not he was still getting his tip. 

The food was not great or bad...it was just something to cure your hunger. We started out with the bread that they serve to each table and it really served no purpose but to fill your stomach with its complete lack of flavor. For appetizer we shared a couple of pizzas that were the best part of the meal. Despite the canned tomatoes on the margarita pizza they were very good. For dinner I ordered the bolognese pasta. The pasta was cooked perfectly but the taste reminded me of Olive Garden. We all shared dessert. The Tiramisu, the hot molten chocolate cake and the ice cream were the highlight of the meal, with the chocolate cake being the best of the three. 

Overall the food was bland, unexciting...really nothing special. The food is on the same level of Olive Garden, but the price is on the level of finer dinning. If you're thinking of Trevi for dinner, keep walking and go to Spago instead.
It's not the finest dining there is on the strip so don't expect it to be. I mean c'mon, let's be real here for a second - it's basically located inside a MALL. So what if Gucci, Dior, Fendi, LV are all buddies in this playground? It's still a mall.

Anyway. My girls and I were horrified by a 45 minute wait time at Serendipity. For frozen hot chocolate? No thanks honey, i'd rather trek to New York. Trevi it was. 

Entree portions are big. I'm a big eater too, but I still couldn't finish my food. Food is pretty good for it's price as well.
Went to the bar for happy hour and our bartender was so rude...and so was everyone else...They acted as if we did not exist...They're lucky I left them three cents instead of the two I really should have given them...boo for them!
Nice location inside the Forum Shops of Caesar's Palace. 
Food was ok, definitely had better. 
But the service was peachy :)  I loved the servers tie, soo cute!!
Ordered the Caesar Salad, Frutti Di Mare and Veal Picatta for two of us.

Caesar salad was average; Veal Picatta was good but not as tender as I hope it would be.  Frutti Di Mare is really good, but not sure if the quality worth $27.

In addition, their Gelato is tasty though.
Food: Solid B - Bread was a bit "out of the bag".  Frutti di Mare was average fare.  Lasgna was good according to my companions.
Service: A - Seated immediately with prompt service and the waiter made sure our friend got a birthday treat ($12 Gelato Sundae) on the house and they brought her a vodka-orangcello!
Atmosphere: B- - Quite loud being in the middle of the forum shops but that was expected.
Wine: A good wine list as they did have my friend's favorite Italian wine (she's done extensive travel in Italy).

Good choice if you're hungry and want a more casual spot without any fancy-shmancy feel.  The price was a bit high though for the quality of the food though it did come out quickly and as mentioned came with great service.
So I'm pretty sure my memories of this place are good, but I can't remember what my friend and I ate...

I remember service was pretty crappy, but I liked the location of the restaurant, and just the feel of it was a real nice, easy going type. 

Anyway, I'm pretty sure we had an appetizer and a pizza. Oh, we had the spinach dip, I think, as the appetizer. Anyway, they make good strong drinks ;)  (Maybe the source of my lack of memory for the food...)

Guess not very memorable food, but I do have fond memories of this place.
good service, great location, and delicious food :)
the pastas here are incredible and the portions are hearty.  it also doesn't hurt that the wait staff make excellent eye candy...
bon apetito!
the yummy Pistachio Gelato at Trevi tastes as good as the ones in Italy.  it is creamy and not too sweet...  having one in my hand as i stroll around the Trevi fountain and the Forum Shops makes me happy.

the Stracciatella Gelato is a bit too rich and the Tiramisu Gelato tastes a little off, but the Pistachio Gelato is just right.
Dear Trevi, I wish you made a creme brulee gelato. I like your current flavors but can't get over the fact that they are almost always the same each time I come into town. I guess consistency is good but change can be embraced as well. The prices here are reasonable and the service is simply sufficient. I mean, how great a rating can you give for service at an ice cream/gelato counter? really. . . YUMMIE though!
Great food and a really fun atmosphere.   Rufus was our server this time and a month ago when I was in Vegas for new years eve.  He's a really nice guy.
The service was unbelievable! Everytime my glass was empy, the server  was by my side asking if I'd like another.  The dirty martinis were fabulous! 

We started with the calamari and bruschette, very good!  For entree I ordered the fish with fettucine and alfredo sauce, delicious. The portions are huge, so you're probably better off sharing. 

After dinner and a few drinks,  you can head over to Gucci or Fendi in the Forum shops and buy yourself a new bag ;).
Good but not great food.  Friendly service.  Fun place with nice location in Forum Shops.
Best latte I've ever had.
Spending the afternoon cruising the forum shops @ Caesars we stopped for a late lunch here. Things started slow and had me worried but things came together by mid-meal.

You can sit "indoors" at and around the bar area or "outside" on the patio next to the Atlantis water fountain...if water noise is soothing for you than definitely sit near the fountain. The fountain will also drown out a lot of the people noise since Trevi is located near a heavy activity hub in the forum shops.

We were attended to quickly and seated...took about 5 minutes for a waiter to show up for us even though there were only 5 tables of people for 3 waiters to handle.

When we were helped our waiter seemed not interested in his job and it took another 10 minutes to get water. We stuck it out and started out with an order of their made-in-house Polenta fries...never had them before and I'd have to say it would be hard to beat these...so good...

Our waiter got a lot better as our meal continued...maybe he had something or someone else giving him a rough time but since service got better I won't let it affect my rating.

My friend ordered the Caesar salad which, besides being a HUGE portion, was well presented and richly flavored. Fresh as could be. I went simple with a margarita pizza...one of the best brick oven fired pizzas I've had. Light, flavorful, and fresh. Everything was better than we expected,

While the service did improve I will say that the food far exceeded the service here. If you're not in a huge rush definitely stop here for good food and people watching.

You've got to get the homemade sorbetto...I don't know what it is but no matter where I've gone in Vegas...good service or bad...crap entrees or good...every dessert I've had has been off the charts good. Trevi follows suite...even with a plain sounding vanilla I was hooked.

Spend-o-meter: very reasonable for 2 people...we hit a little over 50 after tip.
Service: Got better after a really rough start...not counting that I'd say it was B service...count the bad service I'd give it a C/C-
Portions: Large on the salads...ideal on personal pizzas and desserts...
Food quality: A+
Will I go back: Yes...good views, awesome decor, and so much to try on the menu...I also think my bad service experience was a one-off issue based on many of the reviews already here.
Trevi was blah.  I made reservations online, which was great.  I suppose that was the highlight of the experience.  The service was fine, but nothing to write home about.  My two complaints are as follows:

Gripe #1:  The food was bland, bland, bland.  The portions were huge, so I had a big honkin plate of bland parmesan chicken.  But really, who needs three chicken breasts, plus pasta for dinner?  Same ginormous portions for the bread (which tasted like it came out of a bag) and crme brulee, same bland taste.  I left feeling like I paid a fortune for cardboard.  

Gripe # 2:  The atmosphere was icky.  The restaurant is located in the Forum Shops at Caesar's and we were seated "outside" on the "patio".  The restaurant wants to be higher end (hence the $30 chicken dinner and Pellegrino water), but it's situated as a glorified food court.  We were surrounded by shops (albeit high end shops...I love you Tiffany's!), so there were throngs of tacky drunkards wandering through in t-shirts too small while wearing guitars full of melted margaritas around their necks with a straw poking out the top.  Really.  A plastic yellow guitar around their neck filled with booze. Don't even get me started.  So not the experience I was hoping for on a bachelorette party weekend.

I give this place two stars, mostly because the service was fine and I didn't get food poisoning (that counts for something, I suppose).  Will definitely not be back.
I love this place! 
Positioned by a mock-up of the famous Trevi Fountain in Rome in the middle of the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops Promenade, Trevi is an excellent place to enjoy a casual lunch or dinner in a relaxed atmosphere with the interesting feeling that you're sitting outside, (when you're actually inside). Try to position yourself at least 30 feet from the large fountain if you want to hear each other speak. The decibel level of the fountain's spewing waters will rival any meaningful conversation you might want to have. 
The Fettuccine Alfredo that I ordered at $18.00 was undoubtedly the best I ever tasted. The Alfredo sauce was creamy with a beautiful hint of parmigiana, and the fettuccine pasta was perfectly aldente. --A true masterpiece. 
My friend's seafood risotto, at $29.95, was also prepared exceptionally well. 
The entrees were preceded by a well prepared Caesar Salad, as well as an artichoke dip, at $14.00, that was quite tasty,but needed  a few more crostini (croutons) for dipping. 

Dinner was enjoyed with several glasses of a nice buttery Chardonnay and capped off by a shared slice of strawberry, cheesecake at $8.00, which was also very tasty. 

I recommend Trevi to everyone. It has such a relaxed old-world charm and atmosphere, and is also a perfect place to people-watch.  --One of my all-time favorites!
Located on the main mall drag opposite a model of La Fontana Trevi (Roma), it is quite the popular venue for tourists wishing a view of the water fountain. While the wait to be seated outside is a little bit longer than seating inside, being in the restaurant is just as pleasant and frankly might garner you even quicker service when you are starved. Attention to customer service was superb. Service super fast and with a smile. Food was no better or no worse than expected for the price in Vegas -- fast-food meets high end decor type of an establishment. Pleasant music and clean establishment makes for a must stop on your dinner plans with family.
I brought my girlfriend here for her birthday dinner so we could dine with the Gods...  

Beautiful location at the heart of Caesars Palace, and pretty easy to find right next to the Fountain of the Gods.

I made the reservation for 9pm but we were running late, I called the restaurant and they were very cool to allow me to change the reservation to 9:30 instead. 

We got there, and bypassed 5 people who shot evil looks at me in line (but didn't say anything to me) and we were ushered to our table next to oval bar promptly. I'm glad that we opted to sit inside the restaurant rather than out in their "courtyard" as it was very noisy... Noise from the water crashing over the fountain, hundreds of people meandering around, would have made conversation nearly impossible. 

We started with the pepperoni pizza as our appetizer from their brick oven. OMG, the crust was awesome! Super thin, reminiscient to naan...  ordered a few specialty cocktails. I had the veal parmigiana- lightly breaded veal in romano bread with a small amount of linguini pomodoro and washed it down with a nice big glass of 14 Hands cab. sauv. 

Our server was pretty good, but I did have to request my wine twice and was half way done with my meal by the time it came out to me. I also thought the pomodoro sauce could have had more flavor but I still give the Trevi experience 5 stars.
HATE  The not-fully cooked piece of chicken in my capellini pomodoro.  Another waiter used our table as a temporary holding spot for another table's menus, food, etc.

DISLIKE  Our server forgot to put lemon in my water (which I asked for).  My friend's "baked" lasagna came out 5 minutes before mine did (and I ordered my food at least 10 minutes before he did).  The hostess couldn't sit me at a clean, empty table I preferred, but she definitely sat someone there a few minutes later.

LIKE  The server remembered I was in a hurry cause I was on break at work so he brought the check quickly.  The patio has a great view for people-watching.

LOVE  Nothing.
I give this restaurant a hesitant 5 stars.  We've eaten here twice while in Vegas and loved it both times.  That said, make sure you sit inside.  The fountain outside the restaurant is very loud, making it hard to have a good conversation.

We had the chicken scallopine and one of the pastas this trip, and both were magnificent.  We weren't sure what to order and our server really steered us in the right direction.

We'll go back.  It's a little expensive, but so is everything in Vegas.  Our experience was great.
We celebrated my sisters 21st bday dinner here and were very happy with it. We were seated right away with a party of 8. Our waiter was great and answered all the questions we had. The fried polenta appitizer was to die for! just amazing. our entrees were all great and we couldnt get enough of it. They also brought out a very large ice cream dish for my sister. the atomosphere is also great to people watch becuase you are right in the middle of the fourm shops!
Quattro al Formaggi = Delicioso!

My family and I dined at Trevi our first evening in Vegas.  It was the perfect place for us since my 3 year old nephew is, shall we say, *busy*.  The fountain drowns out the enthusiasm of a very energetic boy.  

As far as the cuisine is concerned, all of our dishes were tasty.  We started with the Fritto Misto, which is definitely one of our fave apps.  I ordered the Quattro al Formaggi.  Oh. my. goodness.  Creamy, melty cheeses combined with pasta make for a divine dish.  After consuming (make that devouring) my entree, I ordered a dish of strawberry gelato.  Very smooth and flavorful.

Love Vegas!  :)
went here for our wedding reception 
had a great time 
we had a very large party around 24ish people 
they didnt care that we split the check a ton of ways 
the food was great and didnt take long 
since it was an event for us Trevi gave us a MONSTER size sundae on the house and took a photo of us and had everyone sign it 
the waiter was nice (a little too nice he kept leaning on my sister)
Oh so romantico! I like it here. Went here and wowed me! I love the high class service. We were seated at the upper level, which was very intimate. There were soft music playing on the background. The room was semi dark, but you can still see. Our waiter was Italian and he was cute and friendly. Always a plus on my end. (= Eye candy baby. ha ha anyways, I've ordered some kind of salmon, mind you this is my first time having salmon, Of course I love it now, but this have to be the best salmon, my mouth has ever consumed. It was delicate, flaky on the outside and uber soft in the inside. It was seared to perfection. There were herbs that was rubbed on the salmon.  Oh my, it was a taste of underwater heaven. mmm... I would love to come back. Let's Wait till I have a little more money. Until then enjoy your dinner.
The served my salad undressed.  Not with dressing on the side, but none at all.  When I pointed this out, I was told the dressing was homemade and might be a little subtle for me.  Subtle.  In Vegas.  Next to a 5-ton fountain depicting Zeus. At the place where Gina Gershon and Elizabeth Berkeley got in that fight.
i really enjoyed the homemade strawberry italian soda they offered. i ordered the soda along with an artichoke dip, garlic beard, and calamari. we all shared it cuz we were going to eat dinner later on so we didnt wanna spoil our appetite. i love how our waiter came over to us with a tray full of desserts to show us what they have. we had the tiramisu and it was a pretty big slice. :)
We had a great experience eating here. I started off with the carpaccio which was excellent. We then shared a traditional Cesar salad and ended sharing one of the nightly specials which I cannot remember the name of. The service we had was impeccable especially with having a full house and my party was around the 25 mark. The only complaints I have are the fountain is extremely loud and confined indoors. Also the drinks are watered down to a point it is not worth buying a mixed drink. But I would go back anytime for the food and put up with the noise but next time I'll just order a beer.
Setting/ambiance:
Located in the middle of the shopping forums near the big fountain, the gf wanted to eat here so that we can enjoy the setting. We thought it was beautiful here and we had a great time. I can see why people wouldn't wanna sit here though, it's a little difficult to carry on a good conversation because of the flow of people walking around in the shopping forums, plus the loud fountain, plus the customers trying to talk louder than the surrounding sounds.

Food:
Polento Fries - The best thing they have. We got started with this as our appetizer and it was wonderful. Instead of potatoes on the inside, it's like a very soft, moist bread with a texture like a type of cheese or tofu of some sort. You dip these into their marinara sauce and yum, it's definitely a must try.
Penne Pesto - My gf was craving pesto, so she ordered one with penne pasta which wasn't on the menu. This dish came out pretty bland and flavorless, she mixed in some of the marinara sauce from the polenta fries and said it was okay like that.
Penne Puttanesca - I wanted something that would have a bit of a kick to it. This was a good choice; it had a very bold flavor with a bit if spiciness to it. I was very satisfied with it, I think my gf was jealous that she didn't order this entre! One problem I had with this dish was that they put way too much capers in it. At first it was okay, but by the end of the meal I found myself picking the capers out. Advice: tell them to take it easy on the capers when ordering the puttanesca!
We also got their gelato for dessert. I ordered their cappuccino flavor. My gf got vanilla. Their vanilla gelato was delicious! My cappuccino... not so much - it wasn't horrible, but it pretty much had no flavor or distinct taste.

Service: 
Pretty horrible. Especially for an Italian place, they were very inattentive and lacked personality. All servers looked rushed & not in sync with other workers. I almost had to yell across the patio to get my server's attention to get refills for our drinks. The server took a picture for us at the end which was cool I guess.
This place was a pleasant surprise.  We were originally planning on eating at the M Buffet, but we arrived in Vegas a couple hours late, so we were no longer able to fit it in our schedule.  We were staying at Forum Towers at Caesars, so we decided eat somewhere close.  I'm glad that we decided to do so, otherwise we may never have given this place a try.

First off, the prices are a bit high.  So it's definitely not somewhere to go if you're looking to save some money.  But it's also not so high that your wallet will want to punch you in the mouth.  But it's Vegas, so you should expect to spend a bit more money than you would at home.

I don't know if I've ever spent ~$20 on Fettucini Alfredo before coming to Trevi, but the pasta was damn good!  So I definitely came away satisfied.  My wife got the stuffed eggplant, and we shared the crab, spinach & artichoke dip.  We enjoyed everything.  The cheese was amazing on the stuffed eggplant, so I think I'm going to try their lasagna next time.

The ambience was also really great.  We sat near the fountain which was really cool, and we were able to people watch.

There was also no wait on Friday night at 9pm.  So that was very convenient for us since we were meeting up with friends later that night.

We really enjoyed our dinner at Trevi, and we'll definitely be dining here again.
Average Italian food, nothing special. It is in a nice location near the fountain inside the mall though.
Came here for dinner, because we had a large party we sat in the outdoors area.  The indoor area was definitely a lot nicer!  The outdoor area didn't have enough A/C, so I wasn't as comfortable eating my food as I would have liked.   Plus there's always people walking by the forum shops and starring at you eating!  We started out with the calamari fritti and pizzeta trevi.  The fried calamari was excellent, lightly battered and deep fried to perfection!  It was served with this tomato caper sauce which tasted very good!  The pizzeta is like a flatbread; topped with some herbs and parmesan...it was light and tasted excellent!  The one VERY DISSAPOINTING thing was the free bread they served us, it was COLD & STALE bread!  Unacceptable for an Italian restaurant!  Minus 1 star for such horrible bread, honestly don't even serve bread if it's cold and stale, that's just terrible!   Plus they served it with olive oil, and no vinegar!  

Moving onto the entrees, I tried their special of the day fettuccini.  It was a fettuccini with pancetta, sweet peas, mushrooms, and sun-dried tomatoes in a cream sauce.   The dish was excellent!  It was heavy, rich, creamy, fattening, and loaded with flavor!  They definitely didn't skimp on the cream, butter, oil, or whatever base they used to make the sauce...maybe they used the fat from the pancetta to make the sauce...whatever it was, tasted excellent!  Probably the best fettuccini dish I have had yet!  Plus, the noodles where cooked al dente, just the way I like it.  The dish was a tad expensive at $32, I mean there really weren't any expensive ingredients used to make the dish, and the portion wasnt huge, but I would probably go back and order it again just because it was that good!  

I also tried a little of the chicken parmigiana, which was ok but nothing special.  The seafood linguini wasn't bad, the seafood was fresh and the lobster cream sauce wasn't bad.  The deep dish pizza was disappointing, they need to add more cheese to the pizza; there was way too much dough and tomato sauce!   The meat lasagna was ok, it could have been bigger.   The fazzoletto trevi tasted excellent!  Out of all the dishes, I liked the pasta dishes the most, so I am guessing those will all be good dishes.  The other dishes were ok, but I have had better.  

I thought he prices here are a tad high, I think it comes out to be around $30-35 a person if you share an appetizer or dessert.  The fried calamari is excellent! The pasta dishes were cooked perfect, but they could work on a few of their meat entrees and pizzas.  The place was packed on a Saturday night, reservations are definitely required!  I would also recommend sitting in the indoors area versus the patio, because there isn't enough A/C in the patio, and who wants a bunch of bystanders walking around and starring at your food while you eat! This restaurant would have deserved a 4 star if they didn't serve cold and stale bread to us, that's minus 1 star!
My cousin had a rehearsal dinner at Trevi day before the wedding. Our group was seated on one side of the 2nd floor and I think there was about 20-25 of us. On the other side of us, there was a wedding party of 25-30 as well so it worked out well with only 2 groups on the 2nd floor.

We had a 4 course pre-set meal which was, soup, salad, an entree and dessert. The soup was okay but needed more flavor, I forgot the type of salad we had because I was already into by 2nd grey goose and cranberry drink but it was good. For an entree we had 3 pastas to choose from and I choose the Rigatoni Bolognese and was very hearty and delicous. I didn't finish it because it was a lot.

Overall the restaurant ambiance was great and the server kept coming by to refill my grey goose and cranberry. I loved the 2nd floor semi private area, it wasn't too noisy or cramped and had a great time. If I ever get married in Vegas, I'd have my rehearsal dinner or mini wedding reception here.
Don't sit next to the fountain unless you want to yell your entire meal. This ruined most of our night, but the food wasn't bad. Large portions though. Right in the middle of the Casar Forum.
Awesome food, Fantastic Service- Carol was great- not too overbearing but attentive, very accomodating- simple things- like an orange slice instead of lemon was met with "of Course", and when I am new to a restaurant, I ask the staff what they ate for their meal. They know what to eat and what to avoid, and Carol was vrey helpful. Portions were good, flavor awesome, but our Server made the difference. Ask for Carol.
Whenever I come back to Vegas I must come back to Trevi... I got the seafood pasta dish which was excellent. Me and boyfriend got the same meal he copied lol..

Extraordinary restaurant
hmmmmm their seafood is to die for, and the dessert i had yum yum i was in heaven def will go back when i go back to vegas!!!!
The boyfriend and I came here for lunch while strolling through the Forum Shops on a Sunday afternoon. 
We ordered the following:

Bellini ($10): A little too sweet for my taste but still okay....couldn't really taste the alcohol. 

Blackberry Italian Soda ($5)

Spinach, Artichoke & Crab Dip ($13.95): Absolutely DELICIOUS. I die just thinking about it. The dip was so creamy and cheesy...served with a side of hot crostini...soooo aaaammaaazzziiingggg. 

Caesar Salad ($7.95): Crisp romaine leaves and a tasty caesar dressing. 
Always a favorite of mine.

Deep Dish Pizza ($14.95): Tomato Basil sauce, buffalo mozzarella and shaved parmesan....this was horrible. I don't even know what made it so bad, but what a disappointment after eating that amazing Spinach Dip!

Service was okay...our waitress was super busy and charged me for 2 Bellinis instead of one, but apologized and fixed her mistake. 


Total bill for 2 after tax and tip was $66. 

Next time- we're sitting at the bar, getting a couple drinks and ordering 2 Spinach Dips!
We wondering around the forum shops in Ceasars and we got a bit hungry and decided to stop at Trevi. It was a great experience. We were seated by the outside fountain and our waitress rocked. Shee recommended both of our dishes which were the Veal Parm and A seafood specialty that had lobster, clams, shrip, scallops and pasta. Very Deliteful meal. Highly recommend it
We made dinner reservations here for our group of 16.  They had the table ready on time.  The service was decent for a large group, but our server did miss a few people at times.

The food is ok.  We ordered several appetizers for the table.  I will say the beef carpaccio was quite tasty.  The little bits of toast and the fresh cheese made it a nice treat.  The other appetizers were standard fair for an Italian chain restaurant.

For my meal i ordered the veal parmigiana.  I rarely get to eat veal so i generally pounce on the opportunity when it presents itself.  The meal was ok.  I was not impressed at all.  I would expect the same quality at a national chain.

I ordered the tiramisu for dessert.  It was pretty good.  It was a large portion.

Overall this place is ok.  Unfortunately it is no better than the standard national italian chains.  I was hoping to avoid the chain level of food.
My family and I came here to have a good fancy dinner as for our last night in Vegas.  We ordered the Calamari for an appetizer, it was delicious! Pasta was good, service was great, great spot for a date or a special gathering inside Caesars Palace. Main dishes range from $20+
I had my first meal ever with Poseidon. I almost battled him fork-to-fork, but thought it difficult to juggle my half-meter long island tea and eating utensil.

Being next to the greek god-crowded fountain and the blue sky lit room was definitely the highlight of my meal. The pizza was expensive and shockingly mediocre. None of my friends were too impressed with their meals either. But this is Vegas we're talking here!
Trevi is set right in the middle of the forum shops next to a gorgeous looking fountain. It's beautiful. The waits can be somewhat on the long side, but there are lots to do in the forum shops while you wait, so I don't mind. 

They have amazing calamari. I am kind of in awe of how fresh it tastes. Their pizzas are very nice as well. They're very thin crust, and they can be shared with another person. They have an assortment of pasta dishes as well which aren't as good as the pizza or calamari, but I still think they're okay... nothing too special. Their Italian sodas are very tasty and a good way to wash down all of the food.

The food is a little on the expensive side, but for dining fountainside and being on the strip, it's not bad at all. I have been to Trevi so many times, and I will be back for many more.
When I first ate there, I thought the food was average at best. We went here because it was close to the show we had tickets for.  We went on a Saturday evening.

I was sick all night and all the next day and had to go to my doctor on Tuesday because it didn't go away. By sick I mean I didn't eat anything because as soon as I did, I was in the bathroom. My doctor tested me and told me I had food poisoning, my bowel tested positive for E-Coli. I had a Chicken Caesar Salad.  The food was cooked but apparently was still tainted which means that they do not take cleanliness in the kitchen seriously!

Although Las Vegas is a place for gambling, I suggest you not gamble with your health!

I'm also giving this place 4$ because with missing work, and doctor bills, this cost me a lot more than a couple hundred dollars for a nice steak house.
seafood linguine is to freakin' DIE for. i dream about it. HOT, WILD DREAMS. that good.

this restaurant is smack in the middle of the forum shops so you get beautiful FAKE sky! one star knock off because their bread was cold and nasty. C'MON, TREVI,...HOW CAN YOU CALL THIS AN ITALIAN ESTABLISHMENT AND BRING ME OUT STALE BREAD?! if you were a chinese restaurant i would totally understand.
Loved the Linguini al Frutti di Mare. Great flavor. Nice service.
After spending hours at the Charleston outlets, we decided to head to The Forum Shops to finish buying some gifts for friends and decided to dine at Trevi.  Having walked by this restaurant countless times over the years, we finally decided to try.  I was starving as it was close to 2 pm and only had coffee and a danish for breakfast.  Not sure why I chose the chicken burger special but according to the waiter it was awesome.  It arrived and looked ok ... knew it would be ground chicken meat (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aQab9yLDDP_R9ZgRDt7MfA?select=G0sFpyrVp_EIrj4KdG8CHg).  Took a few bites and realized that this dish was going to be tossed away.  The ground chicken was mixed with tons of rosemary which is all I could taste.  The burger was topped with bbq sauce and bacon strips but all I could taste was the rosemeary.  After only eating half of the burger, I called it quits.  Again not sure why I decided to go with the chicken burger and should've just ordered a pizza.
Trevi is in a nice location by the fountain in the Forum Shops.  Unfortunately the food is more fitting your neighborhood Italian restaurant. It's good bit it isn't great.
I ordered the Penne Puttanesca. I don't remember the last time (if ever) I paid $20+ for PENNE PASTA WITH CHICKEN... and it will never happen again. My dish was very average, and the first time it came out, the pasta was undercooked, so I had it sent back and cooked for a longer period of time. Too bad the second time it came out, the chicken became overcooked (or maybe it was overcooked to begin with, I didn't try the chicken before I sent it back) and it was rather dry. My mom got the veal with garlic mashed potatoes, and it was better than my dish. Service was pretty good though, so I did not dock as many stars as I would have.
If it were possible to rate this place 6 stars, it would sure deserve it. We had the eggplant parmigana, carpaccio, antipasta. And then the chopped salad, linguine al fruitti di mare, fettuccine al pesto, and some vino to wash it all down. It's safe to say that this place is my new favorite Italian restaurant in Las Vegas. Everything was excellent, and I don't know why this place wasn't rated higher!
Saucy Dishes that Sing....

Trevi occupies the old haunt of Bertolini's in Caesar's Palace. We loved Bertolini's and we had high hopes. We found that the menu offered the right amount of options and that the prices were extremely appropriate for the quality and portion size.

The waiter suggested the house risotto (featuring Gorgonzola, roasted garlic and pine nuts). It was outstanding. The texture was perfect and the flavors were melded in total harmony. It was certainly a worthy recommendation.

The shrimp scampi was another recommendation that was a home run. The shrimp were tender and filled with garlicy goodness. It is easy to overcook scampi and this dish was not. It was a great example of technique and knowledge by the chef.

The wine list offer something for every course and every wallet. We had a Malbec that was the greatest complement to our dishes.

All said and done, we walked away with satisfied tasted buds and satiated appetites. We will definitely keep Trevi in our Vegas rotation.
The food's decent and at a decent price for Vegas, but why am I giving it 5 stars? B/c of the service. Next time you go there, ask for Eddie and tell him Adam from Culver City sent you! This guy was the best server I've had in a long, long time! He was down to earth, chill and actually took time to hold a conversation with my g/f and I. Eddie was awesome! 

As for the food, I had the veal parm, no complaints from me, but I forget what my girl had, but she didn't complain either. 

The risotto cake appetizer was excellent and the vanilla gelato we had with the molten chocolate dessert was awesome. 

3 things I highly suggest from Trev! 

1.) Eddie the server (SoCal native) 
2.) Risotto cake appetizer 
3.) Vanilla gelato
You have to sit outside facing the fountain, order the calamari fritti as appetizer. Service is outstanding and place is worth the wait. Dont get the mahimahi with polenta, too dry. Excellent wine selection.
We had a GREAT dinner here! Service was impeccable and it was just an all around nice experience. I was in the mood for some Italian and we checked out this place because we were shopping around in the Forum.  We chose to be seated at the bar, we usually prefer to sit at the bar, it makes for more of a fun experience. 

We split the calamari, ceasar salad and stuffed eggplant. Even though we split everything, it was A LOT of food. We looked around and we saw that the rest of the dishes that everyone else had were decent sized as well. The calamari was breaded perfectly and the dipping sauce was tasty. The ceasar was yummy but a little messy because the croutons were HUGE. 
The stuffed eggplant was pretty good, the past inside was yummy but the eggplant was overcooked a bit, it didn't bother me too much because by that time I was too full to eat any of it. 

It was a good meal for the price. I just decided to drink $20 worth of wine, which is very easy to do in an italian joint and in Vegas. I would go back again especially to try some of that gelato to go.
Had dinner to celebrate my Uncle's Birthday there while staying at Caesar's Palace.  Trevi was full but we were seated immediately. We had a choice to either sit outside to people watch around the forum or go inside with a darker ambiance. We chose to sit outside by a replica of Trevi Fountain and people watch tourists take pictures and pass by.

We tried the Calamari Fritti to start and it was delicious! Our waiter was very informative and said that they dip the Calamari in milk which makes it less chewy.  The marinara/bolognese sauce they used for the calamari was on point too!

My Uncle tried the Capri Coral Crush, He loved it! It came in a martini glass but was like a smoothie. It was a great mango-alcoholic drink!  I ended up ordering a nice glass of Merlot to compliment my meal.

For my main course I ordered the LINGUINE AI FRUTTI DI MARE and it was to die for! It was a huge portion and was so good that I was able to finish it! The Linguine comes with lobster, scallops, shrimp, tomatoes and this excellent fettucine like sauce! Definately could see why it was their signature dish!

My Uncle got the chef's special, kind of like a seafood stew with clams, lobster, scallops and shimp which was in some sort of broth. It was kind of like Vuyabase (sorry for the lack of spelling) He loved it!

Since it was his birthday, they brought out complimentary cheesecake and gave him the choice of that or chocolate cake! That was nice of them to bring it out with a candle lit!

The servers were very cordial and informative and I am definately planning on going back! The only downside is if you're a TOTAL REWARDS member which is the player's card for Caesar's Palace, You can't use your value credits to pay for the meal. Other than that, decent prices for Vegas, about a $100 bucks for the two of us but a very nice meal! GO FOR IT!

I give it 4.0 HEATS out of 5!
Really a fun place to eat right in the middle of all the hustle and bustle of the Forum Shops. Service was perfect and the food was surprisingly good. Fruita de mare is really nice.
I've had dinner at Trevi almost every time I visit Las Vegas. Situated in the Forum Shops adjacent to Caesar's Palace, this restaurant is consistently good. Their menu choices are varied, and there's something for everyone. Each visit, I've tried something different, and whether it was pasta or salad or just appetizers, everything has been well prepared, tastefully presented, and delicious. I agree with the other reviewers regarding the great service - the wait staff seem to really like their jobs.  I love that you feel like you're actually sitting outside in Italy, almost forgetting that the garish neon, traffic and noise is as close as The Strip. They have a full bar and the drinks are always good. Their wine selection could be a little broader, but there are good choices. I'll continue to frequent Trevi.
Don't know why we were in Caesar's Palace if what I was craving was a sammy from Earl's... but we stopped at Trevi b/c I've never eaten there before & the food seemed okay (just not the price).  Being too lazy to walk all the way back to the car & having to do all that parking again, I decided to just stop here.  (Mind you I wasn't feeling all that great).

Ordered a margherita pizza... ended up not eating it b/c I was feeling so nauseous... BUT I will say that the staff was great & I felt bad b/c I had barely touched my food.  The bread w/ olive oil looked great, but didn't eat any.  The appetizer made me sick to my stomach (the smell was too much for me)... had I gone when I wasn't hungover, I probably would have had a better time.  :]

Overly priced italian food nonetheless.  Nice intimate setting & good for those w/ kids.
Went for happy hour and had the WORST service.   20 minutes after being seated  no one had taken our order so we got up to leave.  The staff came running over and pleaded  for us to stay, so we sat back down. It was literally another 15 minutes to get 2 gin and tonics plus a red bull to the table.  No food ordered.  Who knows how long that would have taken.  We were seated toward the end of Happy Hour and the place wasn't exactly packed so don't know what the issue was.  Once served the drinks were nothing spectacular, but a fair representation of what was ordered. No compensation for the long wait either.
I had lunch here and ordered Linguine Ai Frutti Di Mare, Trevi's signature dish. I was not impressed at all. It was a tad bland and not worth the $28.95 price tag. Service was okay, but server didn't stop back after serving the dish until it was time for the check. I've had better pasta dishes from local chains and restaurants than Trevi. I wouldn't recommend as a fantastic place to eat because I'm sure there are some actual fantastic Italian places in Vegas.
Chicken parm was just average. Field greens salad was great. Wait staff was great. The seating is right under the blue sky and in front of a large fountain in the Forum Shops.
An italian menu inspired restaurant with some great specials. I'd say don't base your decision on coming here on their basic menu (even though the carpaccio is fricken great) but come for the specials. 

When I went there were three great specials a risotto, a pasta, and a protein so something for everyone. 

The portions were great also and the staff is A rated in my book. 

It's deep in the Forum Shops so it may be a little walking, check the map before you willy nilly walk around to get there cause you might be walking the wrong way or on the wrong floor. 

They also have a selection of italian sodas and such that (for the price) are pretty good. 

Also when I mentioned the menu was Italian inspired the decor was more asian influenced. Dark reds and black booths, the music wasn't too loud, which was nice, and the food all came out hot and delicioso! 

Diverti!
10.16.10

Indoor dining with outdoor feel.  Located inside the Forum Shops at Ceasar's, Trevi was a pleasant surprise.

You know the deal.  You partied hard the night before.  You lounged by the pool a bit when you woke up.  You walked around the strip.  Now you're finally realizing you hadn't really eaten anything all day, and you're ravenous.

Trevi to the rescue.  With hearty carbs, you're sure to curb your appetite.

I had the margherita pizza ($12.95).  Thin crusted, cheesy, melt in your mouth delicious.

Like!
Trevi is a tourist trap in the Forum Shops at Caesar's.  Our whole table found the food disappointing and overpriced.  The atmosphere is dark and loud (the fountain makes so much noise that conversation is difficult).

I had the deep dish pizza.  The crust was burned and greasy and the tomato sauce bland.  My friend's risotto was dry, like it had been under a heat lamp.

I can't recommend this place.
Had a very nice dinner at Trevi with several girlfriends at the recommendation of a friend.  It is set inside Caesar's Palace in the atrium area that feels as though you are outside, with changing lighting to the sunset and the Trevi Fountain.  We requested to be seated near the fountain and were right next to it, and was nice to be accomodated.  The best part of the meal was my company and the atmosphere.

They have a wide selection of wine options and we chose the Valpolicella.  Entrees for our group included baked eggplant, ravioli, some type of salad with salami on it (she was going to go for the tuna but learned it's canned tuna) and all were just fair.  

The service from our waiter was strange. Rufus, you were just weird.  His "humor" was insulting and really detracted from our experience.  He was condescending, didn't answer our questions directly, and told bad jokes.  It was frustrating to see that we as a young group of girls were being treated differently than the other patrons around us, although we were all paying customers. He came around near the end but I would think that for what is supposed to be a great restaurant, the staff would reflect that.  Unfortunately 18% gratuity is included for parties over 6 people.
Yay for Trevi! We were there for a special dinner before attending the Celine Dion concert which was also in Caesar's Palace. The menu had a good variety of choices, good drink choices as well as the dessert menu. We loved the food & atmosphere as well as the service.  It was a nice way to start our evening out.  I would go back again and try a few other items on the menu.  We got the calamari, lasagna and the seafood medley pasta dish.

The fountain is right there in the middle and kind of loud. But it's not that bad. You are able to have a conversation with out the whole restaurant hearing you.  I also loved the shopping around it. We had a little time to kill after dinner so we walked around a bit. Loved it.
Great Italian that won't break bank, but doesn't cost the same as a dumpy burger. Very good service. If you go, ask to sit on the patio so you can eat next to the fountain of Poseidon.
My only knock on Trevi is the noise. Between the fountain and all of the people surrounding you inside the mall (because let's face it, most of this restaurant is a "patio" inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's) it's hard to have a conversation and you're all packed together at small tables.

However, we had great service from the moment we stepped to the hostess stand until we left. We all loved the food and wine, and after awhile, you kind of forgot that you were eating in the middle of a mall.

Prices are high. This is Caesar's, so don't expect Olive Garden prices. The quality of the food is in line with the price. We'll be back on our next trip.
That's my first "one star" review...

But boy, do I think that this place deserves it!  

Anyway, me and my friends (a total of 5), ended up here after we were told that we would have to wait for 90 minutes or so at the close by Cheesecake Factory.

The ambiance is quite nice, with the fountain, and the surrounding expensive jewelry shops, but ten minutes or so down the road things get quite uncomfortable, since three disadvantages of the fountain become quite prominent:  a)that thing is loud, b)it gets quite chilly, and last but not least, c)you get an idea of how being a movie star is, being on the spot of a couple hundreds of photographs and flashes every minute, from all the tourists that are trying to keep the fountain in the Las Vegas memories...  (and all this while you are trying to eat).

The service:  bad and borderline rude.  I never thought that a server would actually be rude, or indifferent let's say, to his customers, but this guy certainly was that.  As far as time handling though is concerned, it was ok.  Not the best I have had, not the worst either, to be fair.

The food:  Bad and overpriced.  I got the chicken parmesan.  I ate it.  Nothing more to say, it was just a plain plate, a plain taste, just plain...  But, I guess I was the lucky one, because nobody else in my group neither enjoyed, nor ate what they got.  Unfortunately I do not remember what the others got, but it wasn't good.  (one of them I think got the spinach pizza, and I just remembered that because I remembered that he had to perform a surgery on it, taking almost all the toppings off, in an effort to get it closer to being edible.

In a nutshell:  as somebody else said, a tourist trap.  I was a tourist, and I got trapped.... but I am never going back.
Came here over the weekend to celebrate my sister-in-law's 30th birthday.  We loved the decor and the atmosphere!  Probably the longest time I've spent at the forum shoppes without shopping.

We ordered the Eggplant Parmigiana as part of our meal.  (We did family style here.)  It was soft, but not mushy - perfectly cooked IMO.

We also ordered the Deep Dish Pizza.  I loved how they used actual chunks of mozzarella instead of shredded.  It tasted really good.  I think the crust could have been more crispy and it got soggy really fast, but overall a good pick.

Our 3rd dish was the Pork risotto.  The pork was tender, but it was still a little chewy.  The risotto itself had tons of garlic, not a huge fan of the dish.

Our last dish was the shrimp ravioli, that day's special.   It came with a lemon-y type of cream sauce.  It was an okay dish.  I'm a fan of marinara over creamy sauces.

Since we were celebrating a birthday, they brought out a complimentary dessert.  It was huge!  I think it was the Banana Veneziana.  We were so full from dinner, but we couldn't stop eating the dessert because it was THAT good.

Great, trendy place to eat.  You might have to scream a little bit to carry a conversation because it was so loud sitting on their "patio", but great nonetheless.
Great ambience and excellent food!
OMG...i loooove this place!  had the stuffed eggplant dish -- and it is absolutely delicious!  our waiter was super nice and helpful!  save room for dessert -- the tiramisu is to die for!  :)  Also, the atmosphere is great!  Definitely sit "outside"!
Good place to grab a glass or two of wine and enjoy some calamari before heading to dinner at one of the nicer restaurants in Caesars.  Nice open "outdoor" seating in one of the statue/fountain rotundas - where the lighting changes from daytime to dusk every hour, regardless of the time of day outside (or so our server said).
I had my wedding reception in the upstairs mezzanine. It was really nice to have a big area for ourselves. I was able to choose my own menu which no other restaurant on the strip allowed. The price was really affordable and everybody enjoyed the food. They also allowed for customization to cater to the guests who were lactose intolerant or vegetarian/vegan. Since parties are held upstairs on a secluded balcony, I don't think the fountain affected us as much but the decor and surroundings made for some excellent wedding photos.
During Memorial Day weekend, my group was seated within 15 minutes. We ordered an appetizer with fried calamari, mixed veggies, scallops, and shrimp (I do not recall the name) which was delicious. For my entree, I ordered the rigatoni bolognese and was truly disappointed. 

I told the waiter the noodles were a bit undercooked and he informed me they were cooked "al dente" and that they are supposed to be that way... BS. If I wanted raw noodles, I'd ask for them that way. 

Anytime I try a new restaurant I get something I'm familiar with so I have something to base it off of... Trevi's bolognese was a no go.

Their tables and chairs are also not very comfortable. You move your feet, you hit one of the table legs. You move your body, your chair wobbles with you. 

Pick another restaurant... You'll be more satisfied.
We went during happy hour. The drinks were poured perfectly. The couple apps and Mac and cheese we had were great. The prices would have been on par during normal hours but with the half price drinks and cheap apps, this is a great happy hour and early dinner spot
We came here on a Sunday afternoon after deciding to skip the $44 Bellagio MDW Buffet. There were 8 of us, we were all starving, thirsty and tired. We were seated right away, on the "outside" of the restaurant, right next to the fountain. It took the waiter about 10 minutes to finally come to the table and take our drink order.

Drinks arrived, we ordered our food. I split the cheese sticks (well they were actually shaped like a patty) with a friend. They were super yummy. For my main course, I ordered the chicken marsala. It was definitely worth the wait, one of the best orders of chicken marsala I've ever had. The mashed potatoes were creamy and the sauce on the chicken was delicious. 

This isn't a place to come if you are in a hurry. But it's a great place if you want some good Italian food and do some people watching with good company. The food is definitely worth it and at a reasonable price as well.
Have to be honest when I say that I chose this restaurant becuase it was a 1000 point reservation on Open Table. 

I wasn't dissappointed with my choice and wouldn't mind coming back here again, although there are so many choices for dinner in Vegas it feels like you shouldn't pick the same place twice. 

This restaurant is located in the Forum Shops in Cesar's Palace and had seating indoors and "outside" in the mall walkway. We ate outside and enjoyed watching the "sky" change colors and people watched in between eating. 

Food: Good. 
Service: Very Good
Location: Convenient
Ambiance: Nice considering its a mall restaurant
Value: Good
I'll try to make this short and sweet..

Food:
-mozzarella sticks (well, circles here).. They were great! Can't really mess up cheese. They were lightly fried and to my surprise the crust stayed slightly crunchy and didn't get soggy. The marinara dipping sauce was AWESOME!
-chipotle chicken soup - good, but not very chipotle-like. I wouldn't bother.
-sheets of pasta with spinach and ricotta and mushroom sauce (can't remember the name on the menu..) - pretty good, it came in this extremely creamy sauce though. It wasn't what I had expected, I guess I thought it would be more like stuffed pasta with a mushroom sauce. It wasn't bad, I wish I had gotten something else though, like the chicken cannelloni! If you like spinach, lots of creamy sauce, and chunks of pasta, get this lol.

Service:
NOT good. Our server was just grumpy, not happy to be there, didn't check on us, and pretty much ignored us (and the table next to us..) However, most of the other servers, people who brought out food, and even bus boys were helpful, nice, and cheery. I guess we just got unlucky with our guy.

Not bad, I might go back and give it a second try.
When spending some time in Vegas I always thought that many places looked really nice such as Trevi but they weren't quite really great places to eat. They look nice and pretty but yea once you sit down and order some food...it isn't the best Italian at all.

What we ordered:

Caprese- Did enjoy this dish a lot but the thing that it did lack was more fresh mozzarella. Only had three with six slices of tomatoes. 

Chicken salad- Loaded with a lot of dressing and the chicken was alright but nothing special about this salad. I wish more restaurants would make better salads!! 

Shrimp Angel hair pasta- It was alright but for some reason when we got our pasta it was cold!! I like pasta when it is nice and hot. 

Service was alright and the food was decent and edible but the prices didn't really match how good I thought the food was going to be. When your in Vegas you always want to eat good food soo Trevi is not on my list of being one of those.
Had some delicious mac n cheese and my friend had the special.  We couldn't have been happier with what we had.  The service was excellent and the patio view is perfect.  I would definitely come back again.
I love Trevi.  I really, really love Trevi!

I eat here every year on my birthday.  This restaurant allows you to use Open Table to make reservations ahead of time.  This comes in handy, especially if you want to sit next to the fountain.  During the summer, you have not a chance in hell of sitting next to the fountain without a reservation.  

Sitting next to the fountain in the forum shops is absolutely relaxing and amazing.  Be sure to try the Caprese alla trevi, antipasto della casa, chicken marsala, and lemoncello martini.  

Trevi could also be considered to be a great eating place for celiacs.  The chef and the staff have always been able to accomodate my gluten free diet, without any sort of a problem.  In general, service is, for the most part quick and the quality of the food is fresh.

Be sure to give it a try, the next time you visit Vegas!
We've eaten here twice now and loved it both times.  The drinks are great and the scenery is awesome.  Sitting inside the Forum at Caesar's Palace there's plenty of people-watching opportunities.  You definitely want to eat "outside" near the fountain.  Get the filet, it come with a rich brown sauce that is to die for!  Portions are large too so consider that before splurging on appetizers.  This last time we got an appetizer and split an entree and it still was too large ;)
The food was ok. The service was mediocre. The location is a 5 star.
We ate here at the recommendation of one of our peers. They have seating available outside, which is great for people watching, although it is very noisy so it would not be good for holding a conversation. We decided to be seated inside which was surprisingly empty (the patio was packed).

I had the clams and linguine with white sauce which was ok. The clams tasted great, however the sauce was lacking in flavor. My dad had the Chicken Marsala, which he liked a lot.

We finished off the meal with some gelato. We had some Oreo chocolate gelato which wad awesome, and probably the best/highest quality gelato that I have ever had.

The service was great. Our waiter regularly stopped by to give refills and to check that we were satisfied.

All in all, I would come here again, but I will definitely try something else!
they have an AWESOME happy hour here. we found them while sitting at a bar at the Orleans. we were pleasantly surprised to find a hh spot on the strip, let alone inside Caesar's. we hightailed it into a cab and over here with the quickness.

this spot is right next to the fountain of the gods, at the forum shops section. great location too at this hotel. it has a nice ambiance with an outdoor, enclosed patio. be advised, the hh is only at the bar. 

the bartenders were very attentive. right on top of our empty glasses. the hh prices are 1/2 off most everything on the drink menu. for those who frequent vegas, specifically higher end strip casino, you know it's hard to find a hh. to find a 1/2 off one is a steal. the food items were italian/spanish type tapas. we ordered the carpaccio which was pretty good. 

after that one app, 2 glasses of kendall jackson and 2 bottles of amstel lights the bill came out to $21. fabulous.
I love this place because you can have something small to eat and be good to go. But I can't give it more than 3 stars because they ripped me off. I know Vegas is expensive, I know but they overcharged me ridiculously. 

I ordered their chicken meatball soup and their mixed green salad. I wanted some mozzarella cheese on it and the server said no problem. 

The chicken meatball soup was very hearty and fresh. Sadly, there was only one chicken meatball. I didn't think it'd be that huge either. My salad was fresh too. The mozzarella smelled a little but I thought it could just be the brand of the buffalo mozzarella. I only had 1/4 of a small tomato in my salad. 

Why did I mention the 1/4 of the tomato? Well, you see my bill came out to be $30 (rounded up, tip not included). For a side salad and soup!? The salad was $7.95 and they charged me $5 for 3 pieces of cheese AND $2 for the tomato. I never requested for tomato...and if you're going to charge me put the whole damn tomato not 1/4 of it (or at least  half of it...). I love this place but that was way too much for a soup and salad, even for Vegas. If my bill was max $25 with tip included I think it would've been more reasonable. I've been to other gourmet restaurants in Vegas and had a legit entree and would pay $30 dollars for food. Not soup and salad.
We ate here because we were just looking for something nearby and quick.  The food was okay, nothing super special but decent.  I'm not sure if I'd come back to eat here, not so memorable.  The wait staff was very helpful and friendly though.
First Impression: This place looks very glassy. Being inside of Caesars Palace of course you would expect an elegant place. We had the chance to sit right in front of the fountain which was a beautiful scenery. I had their Linguine Ai Frutti Di Mare (Seafood Pasta) and truly feel in love with this place because of it. It made me appreciate Italian food all together. This was the utmost best pasta dish I've ever had.

Last Impression: This place was to perfection from their cocktail drinks to their service. So cheers to this place for making it a wonderful experience to ending my first trip to Las Vegas before heading back to San Jose. This place is YUM!

Check out my photos I posted!
I can't comment on the restaurant, as we didn't eat there.  But we had a scoop of the chocolate mousse gelato and it was out of this world, very flavorful, but light and refreshing.
I stopped by here wandering through the forum shops and I'm glad I did.  I was by myself and starving and the smell of carbs!, garlic and Italian amazingness was irresistible.  I was seated immediately in the "outside" area (it's all technically indoors because you're inside the forum shops, it's just louder if you sit on the patio than inside the restaurant). 

My server was friendly and suggested I get the Capri Coral Crush...which I would suggest to you! It was AMAZING! Sounds much more melony than it is, it actually has a really great Mango taste served garnished with a mint sprig. Yum. 

They brought out warm bread and a little plate of olive oil which was nice since I was starving (see CARB! craving above). The bread was okay, it probably would not have been had it been cold, but warm it was fine and not too dry. 

I ordered the linguine with clams - white sauce.  Always a favorite of mine and it did not disappoint.  LOTS of clams.  It was not my favorite ever, but it was really good and was served fairly quickly considering what a crowd they had in the restaurant.

I would absolutely go back here, particularly for their happy hour Sunday-Friday with half off cocktails! I need another one of those Capri Coral Crush's!
Just had dinner here last night and had an outstanding dinner as always... I make a point to dine here every time I'm in Vegas...
Had the Rissotto Pescatore...WOW..fresh Onu from Hawaii..large sea scallops...fresh clams & mussels in a lightly spicy marinara sauce...
Also has the hand tossed Margherita pizza...Roma tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella, and fresh basil...need I say more...
Our service was awesome and we sat on the patio next to the Fountains...
Can't wait for my next visit to Vegas & Caesars Palace
Everytime we go to Las Vegas, we beeline it to Trevi.  It has our favorite Caesar salad and the ambiance in the Forum Shops is just magic!

We added a tempura seafood medley to our lunch that was yummy!  Scallops, shrimp, calamari and veggies.......perfect!

Our waiter, Nick, was also a treat!  Thanks for a great experience!!
Ambiance: 4. Trevi actually winning here but only outside (inside too secluded).  The outside is in the heart of Casear's forum shops, which is great for the favorite pastime of people watching.

Cost: 4. When I'm Vegas, I have a tendency to ignore menu prices altogether and I hope most of you end up doing the same. However, Trevi actually offers a surprisingly good menu for the price especially by Las Vegas standards.

Food Quality: 3. Tempted to give a four, but nothing blew us away enough to truly justify that.  Solid highlights include Chicken Cannelloni and Chicken Limone. Chicken Limone was supposedly "best thing on the menu" according to waitress, and good no doubt, but nothing to salivate over.

Service: 3. Waitress spotty, plus it took Trevi 10-15 minutes just to come to our table after we sat down --  other than that no huge complaints.

When to return: A quick bite when shopping at forum shops, in a hurry before a show or flight, no reservations place to eat on a Thur/Fri/Sat night.  One tip -- food wise, you're probably better off trying to eat at Spago's (practically next door) bar menu area, which in my opinion is modestly better for a similar price.
Went in with a group before a Rod Stewart show at Caesars. We were seated outside by the fountain, definitely a great place to people watch. The server was informed about our show and he kept the pace of our meal and cocktails moving, which we appreciated. The portions are generous. The food basic Italian with a spicy twist. The risotto cakes were the winning dish at our table. Check out the inside dining room for a more intimate, less touristy experience.
i was looking for a place that had what i wanted the itail place in MGM stopped so i went to this place which was i thought crowded not as nice a place i wanted but the food was on point! I'm picky so if the place makes me what i want an its not on the menu i am happy, an we were seated in side which i prefer,will be back on the next trip!
Overpriced average italian food. Made for tourist.

Nice location. Can this be considered dining al fresco?
My husband and I loved this place. We liked sitting outside in the patio area near the fountain although all the water splashing was a little loud. It's fun to pretend sometimes, especially with the feeling like you're actually in Italy. The food was delicious. I had the pesto penne and chicken and my husband had the cannelloni which was excellent. The bellini's were very good. I'm a fan of the fruity drinks but my husband who's more a hard liquor man said it was good too. The fried calamari is a must for an appetizer. We enjoyed our food immensely but our waittress must have been coming down with a cold because as she was reciting the specials of the day, she was sniffling and I could see her nose start to run. She had to sniff it up before it nearly dripped out in front of us! Also, it was so obvious that she was trying to push the most expensive items on the menu on us. My husband clearly said he wanted something with chicken but she proceeded to try to sell him on some sort of medley of seafood and pasta.
Nice ambiance but food is average. Service was good. The Coconut mojito is good.
We had my friend's bachelorette dinner here on Oct. 1st. None of us has ever been here. The bride picked it when we were strolling along in the Forum Shops. 
We had a party of 10 and they sat us right next to the wall of wine which was cool with us cause it was in the cut and we knew we were going to be loud. 
I ordered the stuffed eggplant. I forgot what it was called on the menu but hot damn...it was GOOD! My friend got the tuna salad. It was ok. We both concluded that it would have been tastier with albacore tuna. The tuna they used was like chicken of the sea tuna or something. It was bland. They had specialty drinks and so I ordered the bride a citrus type mix martini. Again, I forgot what it was called on the menu. Well it wasn't on the menu, It was on one of those ads placed on tables. The bride loved it! She said that it tasted really good and even asked if there was alcohol in it. Then by the end of the night, she told me that the drink was kicking in. It was creeper!!! Haha. That was great! 
Out waitress brought out a complimentary bowl of gelato for the bride but it was so huge, that we all had dibs on it. 
Overall, I enjoyed my dinner and the waitress was great! The company was even better. =)
Trevi is located in the middle of The Forum Shops in Caesars right next to the large fountain and statues. The atmosphere is great and includes enjoyable people watching, but the food did not live up to the ambiance. 

Crab meat, Spinach and Artichoke Dip (3) - Never saw or tasted any crab, so really you're just charging me 15 bucks for an average spinach and artichoke dip.
Chicken Marinato Pizza (3) - Decent brick oven pizza, nothing overly fantastic that jumped out and grabbed me. 

Service was OK and prices were Las Vegas-esque (overpriced).
We come to Trevi everytime we're in Vegas. Great food, nice staff. Some have commented on the loud fountain, but I like it; without it the mall.noise would be unbearable! Molto bene!
This review is based off the gelato alone. Usually, the frozen dessert is perfection at a fraction of the cost of their competitors. The pistachio was off and had the consistency of a mousse today. It didn't keep it's form well and ran all over the place, but the flavor was good. The copious amount of chopped up nut sprinkled on top gave a nice variation in texture. For under $5, their small is about the same as two scoops at most ice cream shops.

If they let the gelato set more before putting it out, there would be no complaints here.
Overall we had a good dining experience, 3.5 stars from me.  Yes the service was not the best, but that did not bother us.  I tried the dinner special grilled salmon with asparagus and some kind of potato stuff.  The fish and asparagus were good, the potatoes were awful.   The rest of the group had pasta dishes and one person ordered veil parmesan.  Everybody enjoyed their food.   We had two appetizers which I would not recommend--calamari and artichoke dip.  Both were mediocre and the taste was just bland.  We shared 3 deserts tiramisu, chocolate lava cake and then a big glass of different flavors of gelato.  I liked all the deserts; if you want to share the gelato is the best for sharing.
It takes a genius to trully took care a party of 14 and still get us out on time, but this little asian server made it happen. I think his name is Tony.

We were late for our 4.45 reservation and arrived at 5.00 Pm instead. But Trevi still keep our table intact and very warm in welcoming us, the late guests. We sat down and inform Tony right away that we have to be in n out in an hour because we have a circque du soleil to attend to.  He smile and said U got the best server for the job with a little wink. 

He proceeds to grab our food order first followed with our drinks. By the time he drop our drinks and 2 bottles of wine, all the appetisers and salad has arrived. Within 10 minutes of devouring our salad and appetisers, all our main course arrive and we had a hell of a time. He check back and top our wine glass while checking if everything alright. He timed it so well that one of my friends suggested him to open his own restaurant. LOL. 

Anyway, we finished our meal and he even had the time to gave us a huge banana split for my sister birthday and even take our picture.

Thanks Trevi for wonderful service and that awesome Linguini Al Fruti Di Mare. I shall check back in again next year!
Pretty decent italian lunch. Admittedly we had some basic stuff like antipasto and caesar, but I would go back.
You know...this was almost a 4 star review but the super shadyness of our server dropped this down to a 1 star.

My girlfriends and I had stopped in here for a quick drink and a small snack.  We sat at the bar where there was a happy hour special, with mini sliders and drink specials - all of which were lovely.  The service up to this point was pretty good, and we had great time chatting and noshing and drinking.

The bill came (it was $60 something) and the four of us each threw down a $20 and a few bucks so there was close to $90 to cover our bill plus tip.

We proceeded to walk away and as we were trying to decide which direction we should go, the server comes running after us telling us that we were trying to stiff him!  Huh?  I thought maybe we miscalcuated the tip - so I reached for my wallet, when he tells us that we only put down $40...not $90 that I *KNEW* we put down.

After an *intense* discussion, the moment where one of my friends started to demand a manager, the server tells us to wait where we were, so that he could check to make sure that nothing was left under a napkin or something.  Magically, he checked with the busboy and the busboy "accidentally threw away" the rest of the money.

Um, I call BULLSHIT.  

We should have stuck around and demanded to speak to a manager anyways - but we were on a short timeline to get a lot of shopping done so we left...but I seriously regret not calling a manager over, because seriously, that is some shady shenanigans!!!!!!!
Not bad! The food was good, and atmosphere was nice, but our server was a little weird O_O. We went for dinner after watching Mystere :)

Place: It's literally smack dab in the center of the Caesars Forum Shops next to the giant status. It's a little noisy to sit "outside", but I personally thought that it was very beautiful and had great atmosphere. It's really beautiful there, and they have a gelatto cart right there by the patio seating area. (That was the main attraction that drew me to the restaurant, but sadly, I failed to save room for dessert and ended up not getting the gelatto :()

Service: Our server (I forget his name) really didn't know how to do his job. His jokes were offensive, and he just kept yelling at us. I'm sure he didn't mean to, but his tone of voice was very overwhelming. When he couldn't understand our order, we clarified the order very kindly, but he ended up blabbing on and on justifying why he couldn't hear properly the first time. We also heard him offend another costumer at another table by making fun of the customer's name. It was kind of funny though, because my friend and I started playing "merit/demerits" and pointed out when the server deserved merits and when he deserved demerits. By the end of the night, he had wayyy more demerits than merits.

Food: I got the Limone Fettuccine, which was a chicken fettucine in a tart lemon cream sauce. It was really really good, and the tartness of the cream sauce made it feel less heavy. I still couldn't finish the food though, because the portions were quite large! The price was, i suppose, reasonable for its location and cuisine type. I'm a cheapass so it was still expensive to me :S.

Other: No wait (well it was after 9PM) and the food came out really fast.
Terrible. Would not go again. Although the staff was attentive and kind, the food itself was not worth the visit. I ordered the cannelloni, took a bite and lost my appetite. It's filled with ground chicken, which on a personal note is gross. (If you like ground chicken, maybe you'll enjoy it.) Funny - my table said it was the better dish of the other two bad dishes we ordered. Two others ordered the Chicken Parmesan, but were not fans of that either; the red sauce had a sour taste to it and the chicken was dry. Lastly, my friend ordered the cheese ravioli's and said it was just okay. We all agreed that everything tasted as if it had been pre-cooked hours before and reheated in a microwave. We are not "foodies" or picky eaters; however, we expect food from a restaurant to be tasty and fulfilling. Bottom line, if you're thinking to get a quick bite to eat, I highly recommend going anywhere else but Trevi - even the food court at Caesar's had tastier items.
The quality of their bellini has gone down unfortunately :( I've been coming here for years .. pretty much ever since I moved here to Vegas when it was Bertolini or something like that .. Maybe it was because I ordered it during happy hour and they make it differently .. but it just wasn't the same .. fettucini alfredo was just okay this time too.. 

But their Pizzeta is still to die for .. it's absolutely delicious!! yummmmmmmmmmmmmm :) i will come back just for this .. as always teheh.
We went here for a friend's birthday on a Saturday night. It was not too crowded and we were immediately seated. Even though it was night, the ceiling effect and temperature made it seem like a nice warm evening. We sat "outside" next to the fountain, which offered a nice scenic background. It kinda gives you that Italian experience. For appetizers we ordered the crab artichoke dip and fried calamari. Both were delicious. The crab in the artichoke dip offers a very different texture and taste to that appetizer.  All the entrees looked delicious! I ordered the Chicken Scaloppine, which was absolutely delicious. I am a big fan on lemony tastes so the lemon butter and capers gave the chicken a really delightful taste for me. I really enjoyed my meal.  All my friends said their meals were good. Every entre that came out was a good portion for each person. The table secretly let the waiter know that it was our friend's birthday, and he came out with this huge ice cream sundae. The waiter was so nice and took a group picture from the restaurant's camera. In addition he prints it out, posted it on a little cardboard frame, and had all the waiter/waitress sign it. It was a really nice gesture. Overall, a little pricey, but its Vegas!! The food and experience was excellent.
Wow, we didn't try much here, but the food and drinks we did taste were exquisite. Trevi is located at Caesar's Palace, right next to the huge fountain. We happened to sit at the fountain, so we had trouble maintaining a conversation over the very loud sounds of splashing water. Luckily, the food was more than satisfying.

My bf and I shared a deep dish pizza: http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/VPQKFfHwue8TUySxCPmKxQ/l.jpg. It was sooo tasty, with gooey mozzarella, crunchy flavorful crust, and yummy tomato sauce. My bf, who is from Chicago, LOVED it (as did I).

I also downed two refreshing blended cocktail drinks--the peach bellini (http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/2oiwvXG81qbop3f4tYu1yg/l.jpg) and some sort of tropical drink (http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/MOgntoG7R3myTEUEzj58RQ/l.jpg). Kim F., my bf, and I all agreed that these were phenomenal--you could taste the distinct and delicate flavor of peach in the peach bellini, and the tropical drink tasted like fresh mangoes. My goal is to find drinks like that in the OC area. However, I am suspicious about the amount of alcohol these drinks contain. They taste pretty much non-alcoholic, and I was not even buzzed after finishing off two in about 30 minutes. When something seems to good to be true (i.e., alcohol that tastes delicious), it probably is!
I was here on a Sunday evening with my BFF before going to the Rod Stewart Concert during our girls only weekend together.  The menu items appealed to us better than Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill, The Palms and Wolfgang Pucks.  We were seated on the patio in the Forum Shops as opposed inside the restaurant.  My BFF and I shared a Ceasar Salad, a Chicken Ceasar Salad Wrap with french fries, and a  Margherita Pizza.  All of it was very tasty,  Our waiter was running around so it was a little hard to waive him down for our check.  
I would go back and eat here but with so many other places to eat in Vegas it will be a while before I end up here again.
Ordered the CAPELLINI AL POMODORO here. The food was rather delicious and they had 
the right amount of chicken in the pasta. The service staff was very friendly. The food was pricey but that is typical for Vegas.
We went here for lunch and really enjoyed it. We ordered and shared a caprese salad and a couple wood fired pizzas. I liked the food, but the location of this place in the forum right by a fountain made it really challenging to have a conversation. I did get a free dessert because it was my birthday (I selected the massive banana split for all of us to share) and our server was great. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back here, but if I was in the area and wanted good food, I'd stop.
We were a party of 6 ladies for a bachelorette party and as the MOH, I selected Trevi for our dinner location. I researched the venue to have the typical requirements: location, ambiance, affordable and good food.

We were seated quickly at a large table located near the fountain.  Our host was a bit dry and unengaging especially since it was a bachelorette dinner, I was expecting a little more personality.  I mean, I wasnt expecting him to strip down or anything but it was a special occassion, lighten up!  

I don't recall what we all ordered exactly but we were all generally pleased with the food portions and quality.

I personally think that if we had a more lively and engaging host, our vibe wouldve been so different.  We enjoyed some conversation, had a round of shots, had dinner and departed.
Great atmosphere! Delicious pasta. Fantastic people watching!

If you're in Vegas on business or pleasure and you want a good meal at reasonable prices (for Vegas, anyway) then I highly recommend this place.
ICE CREAM  GELATO! This delicious Italian favorite can be enjoyed at the Forum Shops at Trevi for a very reasonable cost. There are two main spots to purchase gelato at the Forum Shops. There's the really expensive place by H&M and then there is Trevi which is located by the fountain in front of Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana, Versace, Cartier..... I think you catch my drift. 

FLAVORS: They offer a wide array of flavors. You can sample each and every one of them if your heart desires. There are only 20 or so flavors served here: vanilla, chocolate, cappuccino, pistachio, and more. The other place has a bigger selection but at double the cost.

$: Small (1 scoop) will cost you a few dollars. Large (2 scoops) around $6-ish. 

SERVICE: The girl who was working was really nice and patient. She had a feeling I worked at the Forum Shops (and I do) and she extended the appropriate discount to me. I forgot what it was but I think it was close to 50%. 

I don't really eat gelato. But when I do, I eat the gelato at Trevi!
Yum!  A group of girl friends and I went here for lunch on our last day in Vegas recently for a work conference.  The waitress was incredibly nice, the food was delicious, and the ambience was great.  I had the rigatoni bolognese and it hit the spot.
I visited this place while i was up in vegas for my 21st birthday. Very good drinks and I really found their pork tenderloin risotto to be yummmmmmm. Will definitely visit them when i go back.
Went here with my parents yesterday to have dinner. We were seated right away. The prices were pretty expensive, but the food was good enough to make up for it. We had a show to watch at 8, and it was already 7 so we were hesitant about when the food was going to be served, but it was served almost right away. The service was alright.
Location is awesome, with "outside" seating in the Forum Shops area as well as in the restaurant itself. Service was excellent and attentive. The food however, left much to be desired. We ordered the carpaccio as an appetizer, which was good, but the presentation seemed a little sloppy and unappealing. For dinner, I ordered the spaghetti with meatballs (a rare choice for me) and my husband ordered the chicken marsala. The spaghetti, was reminiscent of my younger days of Chef Boyardee. Honestly, not worth $18. The Chicken Marsala kind of reminded me of salisbury steak based on presentation. The chicken cutlets were cut thin and tasteless. The bread and oil dip was really good and had great flavor. Overall, the location was perfect for someone looking for a reasonably priced meal with the forum shops. The food is ok, but nothing to brag about. The food presentation is boring, and I considered the food to be just sustenance for a hungry person. If you are looking for tastier food, this is not your restaurant. If you want ambiance, go here.
2.5 stars

Came here because it looked appealing since it was situated in the central forum shops. Was on my "don't come back here" list of Vegas dining spots. 

The lasagna was not good because it tasted like a 2-layer lasagna with pasta and beef. I want to enjoy the essence of a layered lasagna where I feel like I am biting into different flavors. I couldn't tell if I was eating cheese or lasagna noodles. 

The ossobuco risotto was on the bottom of my risotto list. There was no creamy consistency in the rice nor was it al dente--too much bite left. Now I don't know if it was a bad night in the kitchen or what, but I did not enjoy my risotto whatsoever. 

The calamari was mediocre though.
Just bad overpriced Italian food. Bread and service at the counter were particularly bad. Caesar salad was full of dressing. The pasta sauce tasted like what you buy in the supermarket. Another tourist's trap. Best thing was the adjacent fountain......
Overpriced and italian

I had the minestrone- lacked seasoning
parents had the cheese ravioli and they enjoyed it.
hubby had the linguine frutti di mare and he said it was just ok...

figured that we ended up not so happy with the food and paid a lot .

the service was good
Loud...........and I mean.....REALLY LOUD; OMG; really, how do you strike a conversation with anyone here?? the food; not all that...really; The menu reminded of Olive Garden. I was looking forward to being wow'd here and fell really short of expectation.
Should be 2.5 stars...

Atmosphere is loud, cramped and dark (we ate inside).  Patio area was louder but at least you could people watch and had a nice view of the fountain they had.

Service: Prompt, attentive, and the waiter was very nice.  We had 9 people all showing up at different times and he was very accommodating.  We also had a B-Day and he added a B-day dish with a candle. 
Food: Just OK.  No one disliked their dished but no-one totally loved them either.  I ordered the Linguine Al Frutti Di Mare (their "signature dish").  Basically it's lobster, crab, scallops, scallions and tomatoes in a white cream sauce.  It was ok at best.  Shrimp and Scallops wee flavorful, Lobster was not.  Sauce was bland.  
Price:  Like most of the Strip it is over-priced.  Dishes are from $18 to $30.

Best way to describe this place...food is a tick less tasty than Olive Garden but cost $10 more per dish.
Not my favorite place for Italian food. The prices are a bit high for what you get. I recommend doing their happy hour at the bar for half price apps and drink specials. The service is about average. 

Went again a few days ago to give them another chance. My server kept calling me "boss" and "son" which seemed a bit weird since I'm a customer and older than him. I ordered the risotto with white fish. It was good although the rice wasn't quite tender enough and had a bit of a crunch to it. The fish was cooked perfectly though and the sauce was good! 

There are better places in town for Italian, but this place is ok..
While hungry and wandering through Caesar's Palace we ended up eating our late lunch, early dinner (Linner haha) at Trevi. I was a little skeptical but was very pleased. Our waiter was pleasant, knowledgeable and even cracked a few jokes and gave us great service throughout the duration of our meal. I ordered a salad and a margherita pizza and my bf ordered a chicken pasta dish.

 You could tell that Trevi put love in preparing their food. I can't necessarily say if it was authentic or not, but it tasted darn good to me. The pasta was fresh and light and seasoned well and my pizza was seasoned and I could really taste the basil. The crust was thin and crispy and I could taste a hint of butter. 

My Italian soda wasn't overly sweet and our lemon and strawberry sorbet was delicious! The lemon was tart and you could tell it was made from real lemon. It was overpriced of course, but hey it's Vegas and we were dining in the middle of the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops outside a beautiful fountain. I would like to go back on my next visit and try a few more menu items.
I absolutely love Italian food, and even though it s pretty simple to make, somehow some places manage to mess it up...I could it pasta/bread everyday....( not so good for my weight, but you only live once)...I love sitting in this place and eat next to the fountain ( which by the way is totally NOT a replica of the Trevi Fountain in Italy) But oh well, I guess Poseidon is more in tune with Caesars...
Great atmosphere and good food.  Our waiter was awesome.  We ordered Calamari for appetizer and we split the special of the day which was salmon stuffed with goat cheese and capers.  For dessert we had the chocolate mousse.  Will go back; however very pricey.  My husband had a cocktail and I a bottle of water total bill including tip $76.
We had the lasagna and a plate of pasta. The lasagna was okay, tasted as if it was from a frozen dinner. As for the pasta, the pasta was a bit too hard and the sauce was okay. Way too expensive for the not so great taste/quality of the food. The only good thing about this place is the fountain and the atmosphere. The servers were okay. I felt like they judged the four of us just because we ordered two entrees. Honestly, we were not super hungry and just wanted a bite to eat. Maybe next time, we should have been smarter and went for Earl of Sandwich or something.
We sat indoor as the noise from the beautiful Trevi fountain would require our large group to yell in order to communicate. The seafood linguini lacked flavor but was good. The lasagna was excellent. Good ambiance--decent food--reasonable prices. But, I think I will try Spago, which is two doors down, next time.
We stopped here for lunch after meeting up with family from the East coast.  We told the hostess that we wanted to order from the happy hour menu, and she told us we had to physically sit at the bar, and not at one of the many empty bar tables.  Ok, if that's their policy, but it seemed strange.  We were seated, and then told by the bartender (who clearly was unhappy to be at work) that we needed to wait five minutes before ordering, or she would charge regular price - again, it just seemed odd.  Among our group, we ordered the frozen Bellini (way too sweet, not good at all), the Trevetini (awful, cloyingly sweet and had an artificial taste), a lemon martini (ok, but VERY sweet),  beer (in bottles, hard to mess up), and some mixed drinks (very little alcohol, but ok).

We ordered one of each of the happy hour "bites," I think.  They were mostly ok, but tasted like they were frozen and then heated up.  The calamari was pretty good, but the sauce it was served with was stone-cold (possibly intentional?).  The meatballs were pretty good, as well; they tasted like grocery-store quality frozen meatballs.  The stuffed mushrooms were decent, but oily.  The chicken sliders were not good - tough chicken with oily breading, awful.   

Then, when a second bartender asked if we wanted anything else and we had replied "No, thanks," she seriously threw the bill at us (it had been folded in a glass in front of us) and stomped off.  It wasn't crowded, there wasn't anyone waiting for our seats, and we still had drinks which were half full in front of us.  Very odd. 

Overall, the food was adequate but the service was appalling.  We laughed it off at the time, but now I wish I had asked for a manager - it was truly awful service.
Caprese Salad was fantastic.
The calamari was alright.
We did enjoy the Pizza Margherita, not sure about the comments of not being authentic by some other users.
It is a relatively good deal.
We did not have any room for dessert.
Its a nice location and the staff was attentive. I tried the Calamari to start and the fazzoletto Trevi. While the portion of calamari was generous (and included tentacles!) the taste got old very quick. It didn;t help that it tasted better without the sauce they had brought out with it. My main course was not as portion generous and didn;t have much taste except for the mushroom sauce. It was a very one dimensional dish. 
So many other places to try instead of this one......
Sat at the bar here and enjoyed their happy hour menu.  The happy hour plates are pretty tiny but the food is pretty darn good.  Drinks are reasonably priced.  The other downside was the poor service- we even had a couple next to us transfer their tab to another bartender because their bartender wasn't providing good enough service.  I'd love to come back here and try their regular menu but this place is often crowded and looks a little pricey.
We came across this place during our trip to Vegas and had a great time! The stopover in this restaurant was definitely a lovely one. The location is particularly nice. 

What we shared - Appetizer: Mozzarella Fritta
Our Rating (on a scale from 1-10; 10 being the best): 8

What we shared - Meal: Chicken Limone
Our rating:  6

Ambiance/atmosphere: 8 - The fountains in Caesars along with the shopping are great, especially if you get to sit near the patio. It is a bit cramped, but the environment is lively.

Service: 6 - Perhaps it was because we were a large party, but the service was not the fastest, and it took them quite some time to retrieve our items. However, they were gracious. 

Overall we had a great experience, and would definitely put it on the many places to eat at when in Vegas. We recommend you try to make reservations in advance because it seems to be quite popular and the wait can be lengthy.

Until next time!

-N & H
Loved the Pizza, one of the best lunch I had in the five days I was in Vegas. I will return on my next visit.

Had to come back weeks later and revise my review and give Trevi 5 stars for there pizza. glad there 500 miles away, gosh that pizza was good
Over-hyped and overpriced.  Located in the forum shops in Caesars, Trevi is located right in the middle of the mall.  My boyfriend and I did not have to wait, luckily, but were sat right next to the greek gods water fountain which turned out to be very loud/distracting.  Service was slow because it was a busy.  The food (Italian themed) was nothing special.  I ordered the linguine ai frutti di mare, one of their specialties, which was delicious but expensive for the small portion and lacked enough seafood.  My boyfriend's sausage pizza had onions that were way overcooked.  Overall, I will not be returning and am surprised at the poor value of their food for the great location.
Almost always a wait and they tell you to "stay close by" for when they call your name but there is absolutely NO seating, which isn't a big deal normally, but they have to understand that a large percentage of their customers are wearing heels!!!  Standing around on a hard floor in heels for half an hour is ridiculous.  When we finally did get seated, there was a wedding reception going on upstairs and we couldn't hear a word the waiters were saying to us.  SPEAK UP!  I ordered their seafood pasta and HAD TO CLEAN THE SHRIMP MYSELF as the legs were still attached!  Chewiest scallops I've ever had too.  The people in the kitchen must not know what they're doing with seafood.  For the price they shlep this crap out at, it needs to be of a higher quality.
We went in at 9 and got tables at around 9:15. Not bad. The wait staff was very attentive and cheerful. The calamari was ok, Bellini wasn't that great. We ordered the chicken marinara and the chef special (seafood and pasta). The chicken was good, but the seafood was a little tough to taste, overcooked. The fountain is beautiful and def a must do.
Loved the cheese ravioli and the pizza here. The prices and portions are pretty good. The menu had lots of tasty choices. I liked the atmosphere the staff was friendly. I will definitely be back.
Get here between 2-6 and sit at the bar for half price tapas and drinks.  I hade the Tomato Brouchete and Tenderloin ($6 each)!  The tomato broch was topped with thin slices of Parmesan and balsamic.  Delicious!  The tenderloin was tasty but a little too thin for me.  Great overall experience.
So I can agree with some of the other reviews.

a) it is overpriced-you're going to be paying north of $20 for an entree for lunch without a side nor salad to start with
b) the fountain is loud, but you are in the middle of the mall after all
c) they took the polenta fries off the menu-now that's a crime
d) keep in mind there's no 'food court' per se in this mall so your choices are going to be limited-The Palms, Spagos, Joe's Stone Crab [not to be confused with Joe's Crab Shack--another crime], RA sushi, BOA -- all high end restaurants so you are going to be paying either way for food here
e) their bread is good. and I liked my entree fair enough [lemon artichoke grilled chicken pasta something or other]. I'm not dying to go back there just for this entree but you get my point
f) they have a bar, apparently a happy hour, and they have TV's so if you are hungry & your price elastic it will do the trick
A tasty Italian eatery with a great view, in the heart of the Forum Shops.  

If you happen to be seated in the "patio" right next to the fountains (like us), expect to photobomb dozens of pictures throughout your meal. 

Service was slow and bleh.. the waitress didn't seem like she wanted to be there on a late Sunday morning.

Luckily, the food and good company made up for the grouchy server. I ordered a dish with a long Italian name and "Shrimp" thrown in somewhere. From my foggy recollection, there were 4 or 5 ginormous shrimps swimming in a sea of pasta shells (or rotini?) dressed in a rich, creamy, mouth-watering sauce. 

I had only finished half my pasta when my entire party (sans me) had their empty plates cleared from the table. I wanted to be considerate with my friends' time, so I packed up my leftovers. Even though I brought food home, the portion size was definitely more European-like than American. 

For the price I paid ($20+/entree), I expected more food. Even the bf was sulking about being hungry after he finished his lasagna.

Vegas prides itself in being excessive, and Trevi fell short of that standard. Sure, the food delivers and the restaurant is a cute date spot, but when I'm in Vegas, I'm going big or going home... or not coming back, but I would love to check out the Happy Hour here. I just doubt I'll be dining here again, with so many more awesome and cheaper choices on and around the Strip.
Definitely over-hyped. Service brought this review down to two stars.

Stopped here for happy hour. Food was okay, but nothing to write home about. Service was less than welcoming and unpleasant. Bruschetta was bland and a little disappointing. Cheese stuffed beef sliders we're good, but sounded better than they tasted. Chicken sliders were also satisfying; like the sundried tomatoes, just not too impressed either. Meatballs and flash-fried calamari were definitely the most satisfying offerings. Highlight of the meal had to have been the martini's which were stiff and well flavored. The gentleman at the bar next to us ordered a pizza, and based on the smell and appearance wish we ordered that instead. 

Although, not the worst experience, given the choice I probably would not eat here again.
Went here because of a gift card and the only reason I can think of to go back would be to get some gelato.

The fountain is cool I guess if you're into people watching, but views of Gucci and Versace stores are not really my vibe.

The service was decent and the waiters were nice, but the food was unmemorable. I've eaten food at Macaroni Grill that wowed me more.

My Salmon dish did feature a perfectly cooked piece of fish, but the seafood risotto was boring and lacking flavor. Worst of all the dish came with only three tiny mussels and two shrimp. After reading the menu description of a delicious seafood mix, I was definitely disappointed with what I had.

Overpriced even for the Strip and nothing special.
The food here was very good! I ordered the cheese ravioli which was in a lobster tomato sauce (the server said it was spicy but it was definitely not).  My husband ordered the rigatoni bolognese.  Both were very good! The portions were good and the price wasn't bad.

The service SUCKS.  Our server was an older indian man who ignored us after we ordered just waters to drink (he obviously expected us to order alcohol and kept badgering us to order cocktails throughout the night).  He spent a lot of time talking and joking with his other tables and walked by our empty glasses several times.  We had to ask the bus boy for refiills.  I had to ask for everything twice and sometimes I still didn't get what I asked for (like a straw that I had to keep asking for).  At one point, I ordered an ice tea and never got it.  We had two empty water glasses, no tea, and we were so thirsty I had to get up and find a busser to get us water.  I should have given the tip to the poor guy that had to do our server's job for him because he was busy one table away laughing and joking and ignoring us.
RUDE!

I always tip generously whether I order alcohol or ice water.  As a server, I myself understand how you hope to get a table that orders a lot of food and alcohol so your bill will be higher and the chances of getting a good tip goes up.  However, I am always nice to each and every one of my tables despite what they order.  I will tip more than usual if we receive good service even if my bill isn't high. 

This place has good food, a good location, but should really work on hiring servers who will get their tables what they order and not have bad attitudes toward people who don't order lots of alcohol.
This restaurant is located in the middle of the forum shops, right next to the fountain.  Perfect for people watching, while they shop.. or you can sit inside in a dimly lit romantic restaurant.  

How we came here?  After a long drive to Vegas and meeting up some friends at Max Brenner's place... we were so hungry that we just picked any place that looked somewhat affordable to eat in the Forum Shops.  

Luckily it was a winner.  I felt bad because I think I was probably staring down at the hostess, but she seated up quickly inside and we were happy.   We ordered, our food came out quick and we left.  

We ordered a salad, an appetizer and a pizza.  The Trevi Salad, this fried seafood mix and a Margherita pizza. The hit of the meal? The salad.  

Thank you for a quick and affordable meal.  Looking for a quick bite at the Forum Shops? Come here.  Looking for memorable food, probably not.
Met a business associate here for lunch. Very enjoyable lunch as we ate out in the forum shops area.

The food was very good, the location was great and the service was very good. I will go back again.
We always stop in for a least one Happy hour good drink prices and the small plates make it worth the trip
I came here for one thing and one thing only...Lasagna Pizza!

I am a huge fan of lasagna and pizza...combine the two and that equals amazingness. My friend previously got it and I got to try a little bit of it and I knew I had to get that pizza on my recent Vegas trip. 

So All of my friends came here and ordered the Lasagna pizza...One pizza could probably feed 2-3 people. Its deep dished and pretty filling. I was good after one slice. I also decided to order a small Ceasar salad, which was really tiny and the greens were not even that fresh, but they charge you entree price for that thing!

Service was slow and not that great. I probably would not go here again if it were not for that lasagna pizza. That is pretty much the only thing worth coming here for.
I made reference to 'crap at Caesar's Palace' in my review of the delightful Thai Room.  This is an explanation of that reference. 
Our waiter was atrocious, a real slime. My wife ordered a Margarita, traditional. She choked down half of it. It was disgusting. I had a Coconut Mojito, thought I'd try something different. It wasn't. Boring. My pepperoni pizza was boring, but edible-ish. My wife's Margherita was a revolting mess. This is the definition of simple and they managed to screw it up. I think it starts with using crap ingredients. Normally it's done with fresh Mozzarella. This must have come out of a bag from COSTCO. That would have been OK if the waiter had bothered to do that, "How is everything?" trip back to the table after the food has been on the table for just long enough for the customer to have assessed the fare. (They take it in service training right before the course entitled "Improving your tip percentages - Attention to the customer") Not here! I ate mine, went to the john (number 1 and number 2, not just a simple drain and shake), washed my hands, returned to the table, cleared my email, waited 10 more minutes and finally our waiter decided it was time to pay a visit. Smooth. "How is everything?" How does it look you dumb ass? Mine's eaten, my wife's has had one bite taken out of it and returned to the plate. Take a freaking guess 
"How it is"! Duh!

It took us 30 mins to get the check. With the Manager's swift intervention. Did I mention, at the end, the offered to bring her something else? Are they kidding? Short of Roses, Krystal and a Chanel gift card, these guys would be better off just hiding in the back.

There are better culinary offerings in Las Vegas, even in Caesar's  - just try Fat Tuesday's, better food, better value and they give a damn.
Ticket: Table 22/1 Guests:2, 09/02/12 3:09 pm, #60028, Server J***n, Cashier N***l.
Thanks guys, the wife was already pissed off, you just sent her over the moon.
A night in the Caesar's hotel and casino and my boyfriend and I had no idea where to eat for dinner. Browsed a bit downstairs and ended up at Trevi.

Trevi has a gorgeous fountain with the whole nine yards on it, there's no way you can miss it. Be sure to get a patio seat so you can gape at it as long as you want.

For dinner, my boyfriend and I ordered the beef carpaccio, spaghetti and meatballs and the carbonara. The beef carpaccio was delicious, the spaghetti with meatballs and carbonara were, however, so-so. My carbonara dried up quickly so it tasted dry and bland. The spaghetti with meatballs were also so-so, the meatballs were quite lackluster.
In the heart of Vegas at the Ceasars Forum shops lies this yummy Italian Restaurant. I like to sit outside to soak up all the ambiance of the goers by. You'll dine next to one of the flowing fountains underneath a sky scape. Food is delicious and priced reasonable. The service is great. It is one of my go to places in Vegas. They have salads, pasta, pizza and entrees. A little bit of everything for everybody.
I came here for dinner before my friend's bachelorette party  festivities. We'd made a reservation because there were six of us, but when we arrived it didn't seem that busy. We probably could have done without the reservation, even though it was a Saturday night. 

First they seated us "outside." It was SO loud - to the point that we actually asked to be moved inside. I wouldn't necessarily recommend sitting out there, unless you're a bit closer to the restaurant side.

We ordered a bottle of champagne to celebrate - it was pretty good, but I forget the name. One girl in our group accidentally spilled two of the glasses; the server and bussers were helpful in immediately getting it cleaned up, but then the server brought two new glasses. That was nice of him, except then he charged $9 apiece. I get that you need to make money, but don't bring glasses, act like they're complimentary because we had a spill situation, then charge us. I'd have preferred he ask us if we wanted to pay for more.

I ordered the pesto fettuccine. It was meant to come with shrimp, which I don't eat, so I was able to order it without and pay less. It was good; definitely something I'd order again. One girl in our group really wanted fettuccine Alfredo, which they made for her even though it wasn't on the menu. 

It was definitely good food; everyone was pretty happy with theirs. Our server was friendly and quick. The champagne situation was a little annoying but overall, it was a pretty good experience.
Food was very good.  Service was very good.  Would definitely go back when I am in Las Vegas.
This review is long overdue and im sorry it took so long! I had my wedding reception here which consisted of about 12 people. We had a wonderful table outside the fountain which made for awesome pictures. All the food was great there were all types of food ordered from seafood pastas, flat breads, lasagne, steak etc and there wasnt any complaints from anyone. The service was fantastic and they took care of my wedding cake and everything. It is a fantastic restaurant for a beautiful wedding reception and i would reccomend it to anyone in a heartbeat!
Party of twelve, with three toddlers. Not what any server wants to see on a Friday night, right?
Well, you couldn't tell for one second, because our servers and bussers couldn't have been any nicer to us, even with the kids. 
The food was all solid (except the pizzas we had as appetizers, which were soggy), but the service was so great that it pushed up my review to 5 stars.Thanks to the management and service staff for making us feel welcome!
Delicious food great price fantastic service. Atmosphere ok. The gelato is to die for!
We had a later dinner here on the night of our arrival.  Ate at the bar, service was great.  Shared a beef carpaccio, a caesar salad, and spaghetti and meatballs.  The carpaccio and the salad were great, the spaghetti was fine, the meatballs were SO DRY.   All in all, not a bad meal, but nothing to write home about and nothing to bring us back with all the delicious options in Vegas.
We stopped by before going out dancing. We were lucky to sit right by the fountain. I love the real fountain but it was pretty cool to sit by this one. My friend had the Frito Misto and Caprese and he said they were great I had a salad and it was fresh and well done. The wine was very good the waiter was attentive. I really had a great time.
Our waiter, Ahmed, was outstanding. My pizza was soggy in the middle and there were no issues with returning it and taking it off the bill. He also made up for it by recommending an awesome secret pizza place at Cosmo. My wife had the "fruit of the sea" pasta and loved it. The desert was outstanding and the signature drink hit the spot. Overall great dining experience.
This restaurant is in an awesome location. A group of five of us decided to eat there because the happy hour menu seemed really good while we were walking by. When we asked to sit at the bar they said it was full which was fine but, they refused to let us order off of the happy hour menu. Apparently sitting twenty feet from the bar makes the food disintegrate. I offered to pay full price but there was nothing even similar on the menu. The waiter seemed so irritated that I had even asked if I could order something from a different menu that he didn't decided he wasn't going to wait on our table. Half the food came 10 minutes before everyone else's food. He didn't refill anyone's drink. One of the people in our party asked for lemons which arrived 15 minutes after he asked. There are so many extraordinary restaurants in Vegas that I would never go back to this place.
Had happy hour here. everything was pretty good. Calamari could have been slightly less fried or had less batter
My sister had her wedding reception here. We were seated upstairs in the Mezzanine level. We had such a wonderful time. The ambiance was amazing. Service was excellent. MICHELLE, the manager, had helped me for MONTHS in getting this event organized. She would respond to all of my emails instantly and offer help, tips, suggestions, etc. She was AMAZING!!! When I finally met her in person I hugged her! I would highly recommend having an event here.
Yummy Bloody Mary here. It's more of an Italian style because they put basil in it and mozzarella. If you're in the mood for a unique spin on a Bloody and your staying at Caesars or walking through the forms, then stop in here. Sit at the bar and enjoy the sounds of the fountains.
The reason that it gets a 3, instead of a 4, was service. The food was a solid 4, with the pasta being cooked very well, the meatballs as big as your head and the pizza cooked just right! It was well priced for the quality. There is no kids menu, but if you can think of a pasta dish they can make up a half order for the tikes. Other than that, we just simply had lackluster service. Drink glasses routinely hitting and sitting on empty, only seeing the waiter once after food arrived, etc. There was a table next to us that seemed to get the VIP treatment and this place may be a 5-star experience if you are "that guy". Literally had management going over to the table and multiple waiters to greet "this guy". Well, I had never seen him before, and don't you go to places like this, and pay prices like this, so you get that same kind of service? Overall, it was a good restaurant and we would probably go and try it again. It is A-OK.
I have been here twice and the second time was even better.  I got the pesto pasta with shrimp and it was almost perfect.  Very tasty.  I also had a piece of the cheese pizza and it was very good.  The only thing that needs change is the prices.  Pasta is one of the cheapest things, yet my dish was almost 25 dollars.  It was delicious, but 25 for a single pasta dish is too expensive, even in Vegas.
Trevi - Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace

Prior to being diagnosed with celiac disease, this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. It always provided delicious Italian dishes with a decent price tag and a great atmosphere. I love eating outside the restaurant (but in the mall) on the cobble stone street being able to people watch while enjoying a delicious meal and glass of wine. 

We decided to stop there and have an early lunch one day while out shopping around. They do not have a dedicated gluten free menu but they were able to give me several options on the menu that could be prepared gluten free. While the waiter wasn't as confident about gluten free items, he was able to go back into the kitchen and talk with the chef about choices for me, which made me feel pretty good about eating there. 

I decided on a filet and mashed potatoes. It's probably one of the safest dishes we can eat at a restaurant without getting glutened. The steak was cooked perfectly and the mashed potatoes were delicious. I wouldn't expect anything less from Trevi. 

While they don't have a dedicated gluten free menu, I feel comfortable in saying that folks who can't have gluten but are able to explain and ask questions about their meal would be able to safely have dinner there without any problems.
Enormous portions -- split the pizza or even a salad. Not even the men we dined with -- three of them -- could even finish those huge salads. Are you obese? You'll love it here. Some very annoying tourists came and were brushing up against my husband (as we sat dining in a roped off area!) to take photos of the huge statue until they got kicked out. No class. They could have stood on one of the other sides easily.
Awful service. Super slow and ignorant. Food was below average. Oilyyyyyy, salty, and tasted like plastic.
- misleading prices displayed outside
- snooty waiter.
- slow service.
- below average food.
I went there with a couple of buddies the first time we all did a trip to Vegas. They told me to pick a spot and since we were walking through Caesar's Palace, I just let my nose lead us. It led us to Trevi's. We all fell in love with the calamari!! Also the Crab/spinach/artichoke dip was awesome!!! The drink menu also has some very nice drinks on it. Since then I have been back to Vegas 3 times and every time we get off the plane, we drop off our stuff and go straight to Trevi's. But now we get the Fritto Misto!! Try it!!! My mouth waters every time we talk about it!! The place does get busy though.......so if you are impatient....go some where else!!!
Trevi - Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace

Service: We were sat promptly at a great table. Hostess was on her game but our waitress was not. Took a long time to take our order and when food arrived a dish was missing. We were then told that she forgot to put the order in and would rush it out. Unfortunately it came out after everyone had finished eating. 

Food: Small portions for decent quality. I would say it's overpriced for what you get.
This is a 3.5 star rating.  We just had an appetizer here before the elite yelp event at Gordon Ramsay Pub.  We sat at the bar, and were greeted immediately by a very friendly bartender.  I had a glass of pinot noir, which was $12 as I recall and very good.  The wine list was solid, and they had several selections of white and red by the glass.  We decided to split the antipasto.  It was $13.95 and comes with the usual suspects.  I would want more meat, there was probably only 2 ounces, maybe 3 on the plate.  I think they can add more meat and charge an extra $3 for it and this dish would be a winner.  The marinated artichokes were great, as was the basil leaf included.  Peppers were solid as well, but none were very hot.  I know that most people don't like them hot, but maybe they could offer you hotter peppers if you want them.  Which, I always do.  You do get 4 large pieces of mozzarella.  All in all, it was excellent service, and I think a couple of tweaks to the dish would make it a 4 star appetizer.  There were a couple of dishes on the menu that looked really good, so I imagine we'll be back.
I love this place and make a point to go every single time were in Vegas!  The ambiance is fantastic and makes for a very nice and memorable dining experience.  The service is always outstanding.  We had a wonderful bottle of Shiraz with our meal that completed our meal perfectly.  I wouldn't say the food is THE best in the entire world, but it is still very delicious, and I highly recommend it.  The prices are very reasonable, and so is the wine etc.  the bottle of wine we had was $39 I believe and was a great value for how good it was.  Good job Trevi!!  Can't wait to come back!!!!!  I think my review is about 6 years over due!
Awesome place to go! Was there had the spaghetti and meatballs. Waiter was cool. Very friendly; our friend got drunk and we still were able to finish our food once we got a can for him. 

Being next to the fountain makes it have a surreal feeling to it. Can't complain will go again.
This place is truly a DISASTER, A Big Tourist -Trap, I would avoid if you can. First of all it's noisy if you want to have a conversation by the fountain, I was alone so it didn't matter to me but impossible to even hear the waiter describing the specials. Lighting is bad so you cannot read the menu's without your phone in Flashlight mode. I ordered an app and Pasta with meatballs, they forgot my appetizer and then my food arrived...looked like the meatballs were sitting under a heat lamp and they were dried out like falafel would be, the pasta was "LITERALLY" Charred and blackened. I sent it back and they appeared to have changed the pasta and sent back the same meatballs. I sent it back a second time and ordered another dish which came out cold. The assistant manager offered no appology, a dessert or coffee as a gesture. The waiter was aloof and simply didn't listen well...NEVER AGAIN!
Great restaurant in Casears Palace. Nice intimate vide. Food was great an we only tried the apps. Meatballs were top 5! Drink specials were good too!
Great setting.  walked into sitting area since no hostess, who soon materialized and made us feel like we did something wrong for walking in but we went to bar and blew her off.  Bartender was good, but when the rest of party showed and we went into sitting area, waiter pulled a fast one.  Bad margarita was delivered, so it was sent back.  Brought back a different one to see if liked.  So-so but drank anyway.  When final bill came, so-so margarita was actually $3 more than normal marg, but he never told us.  When brought to his attention, he was indifferent.  His tip was less than normal for this so he lost out, but management needs to talk to waiters so customers aren't screwed.  Not a lot of money but bad for business.  Be careful when you order and check your bill.
This is some good Italian...I mean gooood.  

Ok, so I won a bit of money of the NFL Playoffs last time I was in Vegas, and I had just left a cigar lounge where I had a delicious Cohiba and a glass of some of the finest 32 year single malt Scotch man can get his hands on.  

and sure, I was pretty heavily intoxicated and food was all amazing and almost alien to me at times, but I still do know my food.  Got the calamari fritto and the mozzerella sticks to snack on first.  Breading on both is done to perfection and they started the meal off with a thumbs up.  

Got Trevi's signature dish, their Frutti Di Mare.  This is a seafood pasta, comprised of lobster, shrimp, scallops, tomatoes and scallions.  EPIC.  Pasta sauce was perfect, fish was fresh and BY NO MEANS skipped on, and the flavor combinations went incredibly.  
Got sum dessert the table split, can't honestly tell you what it was but I was on point as well.  Oh, and those cookies they have are dank as fuck too.  

Anywho, 
This place has my respect.  When your a big dog and you know it, sometimes you just know you gotta run along with the other big dogs...just becuz you can.  
Minatures and poodles unprepared will most likely be better off avoiding the grim reality not being cut out for this worthy a meal.
Marsala with a tomato base was new to me. Not bad though. Feels like your out side even though you're not
we loved our meals.  Philadelphia native we were at a pass.  Who would have thought a gem in the middle of the mall.  I had veal parm was greeaattt and tender.  Lasagna pizza was too much to eat and the gnocchi was good.  Drinks were good and a great way to celebrate a friends b day away.   Overall great dinner for the value.
Can you say SLOOOWWWWWW SERVICE?!?!? The other reviewers weren't lying when they said the service at this place SUCKS. Granted our server tried to be nice, he seemed a bit aloof. Like maybe he'd gone out partying the night before and was still recovering. First thing, he messed up our order. When the wrong appetizers arrived at our table (45 mins after sitting down) he was just bringing us our drinks. STRIKE ONE!

About 30 mins later our food was brought out along with another tables plates. I watched as the food server left our food on a stand in the middle of the aisle as patrons walked by and inspected my food, while he served the other tables. NOT COOL! When he finally came back to serve our table, my lasagna was cold. I'm talking cheese not melted, hardened noodles -COLD. STRIKE TWO 

After getting my food reheated, I was too through. The lasagna tasted terrible. Very bland and nothing like I'd hoped for. I didn't eat more than three bites of my entree. And though my husbands food was warm, it didn't taste all that great either. STRIKE THREE! At this point we just asked for the check and left.

Though the atmosphere is nice, but EXTREMELY LOUD if you sit out by the fountain, this place was sooooo not worth cost of admission. Spend a few extra bucks and just go to Spago!!!
Noisy, good food, decent service.

Who wants to have fine Italian dining in a mall? Not me. Regardless of the Forum Shops' painted-on clouds, it's still a mall. If I wanted mall food, I'd go to Hot Dog on a Stick.

The food itself was alright, but you can do better. Really. You deserve it, too. Save that $50, take it to the nicest Italian place in your home town and go. If you don't have a nice Italian restaurant in your home town, spend the money on gas getting to the nicest Italian restaurant closest to your home town. Don't burn it here.
Went looking for a place to rest my feet and people watch and stumbled upon this little gem during happy hour. Enjoyed a few small plates and some specialty cocktails. Service was average and the food was tasty. Would definitely come back.
When looking for a place to have dinner in Caesar's, my fiance and I chose to eat at Trevi. I was looking for something light and he was in the mood for chicken. It was the perfect choice. I ordered the Caprese salad as my entree and it was absolutely delicious. I know, it's a simple dish that's hard to mess up, but their ingredients were so fresh. I loved it. I wasn't very hungry that night, so if you are, accompany it with an entree. 

My fiance ordered the Chicken Marsala. It was served with green beans and mashed potatoes. He really enjoyed it!  I tried it as well and it's definitely something I would recommend.  

Service was good and the atmosphere was nice as well. We opted for seating in their dining room, rather than out in the Forum Shops.
It has become a tradition for my bf and I to eat at Trevi each time we go to Vegas.  The food is pretty good, the service is spotty but it's just the cutest place and we love it!  Way better than a lot of the other more expensive places we've been to in the area.
We tried this place on a whim and boy am i glad we did.
The presentation is sharp and classy, the ingredients are fresh, prices are surprisingly reasonable. We sat right by the fountain, I had some trepidations about doing that based on previous yelps but I am glad we did. The fountain is not that loud at all, the din of the Forum shops is greater. 
We really enjoyed this place and will return many more times in the future.
The food was divine.  I had a seafood pasta dish and pistachio gelato for dessert.  The service was impeccable.  My friends an I had a wonderful meal here.  Would revisit in a heartbeat :)
I was really happy with the location for dinner with my grandma and cousins. We split a pizza, an app, and the chicken Caesar salad and were satisfied and impresses.
This place is right next to a giant fountain of the gods in Caesars, which is cool until you're seated right next to it. The water crashing was so loud.

Service was very professional. We were asked to leave our already-in-hand-drinks at the hostess station before we were seated, but they were glad to let us finish them and take them for us.

They offer complimentary bread service. The bread was a focaccia that was seasoned with something that tasted like croutons (odd, but enjoyable). At the recommendation of the water attendant and the waiter, I ordered the chicken scallopini. It was good. No complaints. It wasn't per say better than any other middle of the road Italian restaurant, but better than Olive Garden by a large margin. Everyone really enjoyed their dinners, which says a lot. 

Like I said, service was excellent. The "inside" of the restaurant was very swanky, but I think I preferred the "patio" despite the raging waters. Restrooms were immaculate. When we notice we had forgotten our camera and asked for it, they had it in a drawer with 10 other cameras. Ha! I do wish they would have just given it to us immediately, they knew where we'd been sitting and we were standing right in front of them before we left. oh, well, not harm no foul.  Dinner for 5 with drinks was $200 before tip. Thanks for dinner Mike V. or should I say thanks to the Flamingo roulette table!?
Solid experience in general. Great service while sitting up at the bar. Drinks were excellent as well. We had two appetizers- calamari and stuffed mushrooms. Both were quite good. The Calamari could have had a bit more something like either garlic or some type of aioli but it was pretty decent. The reason this place doesn't get a 4 is because the pizza was not just not good it was BAD! It was edible for sure but not good @ ALL! This was a shock because everything else had been solid or good. It didn't taste like pizza- very disappointing. Might be worth trying other menu options.
I love this restuarant. It's in the middle of shopping forums at Ceasars. Good location to seat and enjoy the crowd and views of fountains and statues. They used to have a bread for free that was real good, but no more! Therefore they don't get 5 star review.
Ceasar salad is pretty good and they got a good selection of pastas and lagzania.
The staff was so super nice and the food is sooooooo delicious. Every time we come to visit Vegas we make it a point to eat here. Highly Recommend!!
Enjoyed a nice lunch by the fountain.  Was able to people watch and enjoyed my clay oven pizza and caesar salad.  Service was good, nice beer selection, although nothing on tap.
Had the trevitini; orange vodka, orangecello and blue curaco...wow.  Beautiful setting, enjoy watching the sky change from sunlight to sunset while dining.  

Happy Hour starts early and very reasonable for such an idealic setting.
It you want cheap (by Vegas standards), convenient food with good people watching, this is your place. But, do not expect the food to be flavorful or the usual quality you would get for the price. 

I ordered a standard margherita pizza ($14) and a caprese bloody mary ($10). I was happy with both, especially the bloody mary. It was bloody awesome!

My friend ordered the linguine vongole ($25, linguine with steamed clams) and was very unhappy with it. She said it had no flavor and was not worth the price. Perhaps sticking with simple dishes and keeping your standards low is the best strategy at this restaurant.

The service was fine. Nothing special, but not sub-par either. For the price, convenience, and people watching, this restaurant suited my needs. 

In response to an earlier review, I had a drink in hand coming into the restaurant and the hostess said nothing about it. 

My final comment is that Caesar's Palace has many fountains paying tribute to the famous Trevi Fountain (including the fountain outside this restaurant), however this fountain was clearly not built in the time of Caesar. Beware of these and other historical inaccuracies in the theming of the palace!
Mediocre at best though I suppose you come here for the "ambiance" anyway.  We came here for "Trevi Time" but found out that you have to actually sit at the bar counter to get the HH prices.  We opted to then pass on HH since we wanted to sit out by the fountain.  The fountain is loud as others have said but it actually is cool having it as part of your view as well as being able to see the "sky" above change from day to night.  

Food and drinks were just "meh."  I had the frozen bellini and my sister had either the same drink or the Capri Coral Crush.  One thing's for sure about both of our drinks: the drinks themselves while not being strong sure had a strong alcohol taste which we both found unpleasant.  Thank goodness I had ordered gelato with mine or else I would not have been able to drink much of the bellini at all!  

To eat we ordered the lasagna pizza since it sounded interesting and seemed to get good reviews.  I personally wasn't too crazy about it.  I was expecting more of a deep dish pizza taste to it and I've had really good deep dish pizza so I was disappointed to find out it was more lasagna than pizza, and cold lasagna at that.  And I can actually say that I find Sbarro lasagna tastier than Trevi's lasagna pizza!  

It's definitely fun and kitschy to sit outside by the fountain - just don't expect to be blown away by the food or drinks.
I have eaten here a number of times and continue to return for the yummy pizza, however, I am only giving 3 stars because I wasn't impressed by the service we had from our waiter today. We went at lunchtime and it wasn't super busy. The waiter we had was not friendly and answered menu questions with minimal responses which were of no help. He seemed short with us and didn't provide friendly customer service which you would expect from a place like this.
Oof...not good.  Hubs and I came here for a "nice" dinner after Michael Jackson One.  I was skeptical of a kitchy Italian restaurant in Caesars, but I thought it couldn't be that bad...blah.  It wasn't exactly BAD, but it just wasn't good.  The best part of the meal was definitely the bread!  The herbs on it were so good, and the oil was the perfect dipping sauce.  They kept it comin' too!

I ordered the lasagna and hubby ordered shrimp amatriciana.  She warned him that it could be "spicy" and suggested he get it with no spice so he did.  Unfortunately no spice = no taste.  The watery spaghetti noodles didn't hold any of the "sauce" so he was constantly trying to spoon it all together for an ideal bite.  I tasted the pasta and it literally tasted like nothing.  Not impressed.

My lasagna was equally unappealing.  It came to me on a large plate with a glob of congealed cheese on top - like it had been sitting for some time under a heat lamp.  Instead of being hot and fresh, it looked and tasted like yesterday's lasagna that someone threw on a plate, microwaved, and then forgot about.  The sauce was very weird as well - the sauce and the meat were separate.  There were little balls of beef sitting on top of the sauce under the noodles...and it just didn't look good.  It didn't taste good either....it was luke warm and tasteless.  

We had been pumped to order dessert for our fancy night, but we ended up passing.  The dessert menu looked good enough,  but we were just too turned off after that dinner.

Also, wait staff was annoying.  We got there at 9:45 and they closed at 11.  Around 10:30 we had a waitress come by and ask us to swap her oil bottles - in my opinion, if you have closing work, you work on empty tables first and then move to other tables AFTER the customer has left.  We paid way too much for this meal and I would never, ever recommend it.
I came here because of the amazing food. Tonight we got an attitude from hostess because we needed a bigger table to seat our 4 plus highchair. We were just trying to prevent broken dishes because our 18 month old could reach anything on table cause it was so small. Our waiter was very nice and seated us at a larger table. Then we found out the menu changed. Why mess with a good thing? No more mashed potatoes:( I prefer mashed potatoes over pasta. Just my preference, cause my favorite dish is Chicken Marsala . Btw now this dish also changed to a watered down tomato base that tasted so bad I could not eat it. Sooooo disappointed, I thought I finally found a restaurant we could frequent. So back to searching, cause I will never eat here again.
Nestled right next to the giant Caesar's Palace fountain in the Forum Shops the food is just alright but the location is dead center. The one nuance is that a lot of tourists like taking pictures of this massive fountain so if you get the table in front, be sure to be photo bombing a ton of random people's photos. That being said, the food is okay and the price variability is really bizarre. The margherita pizza special was 10 bucks and was rather tasty and then the 28 dollar amatriciana shrimp pasta was very mediocre. Especially if you are in Vegas and especially in Caesar's there are plenty of better eats for the same price!
Trevi has a nice atmosphere and is located in Caesar's place in the Forum's Shop. 

My favorite part about this place is the Crab meat/Spinach/Artichoke dip. It was amazing and so delicious. I wanted to come back here for drinks and just the dip. They serve it with a baguette and they toast the bread perfectly. It has a nice crunch to it without being too crunchy so that the crumbs fly all over the place. 

I ordered the Fettuccine Al Pesto Congamberi. It has shrimp and creamy pesto sauce. It would have been amazing if the shrimp was fresh. The shrimp had that "fishy" smell and it wasn't too pleasant to eat. My boyfriend had the Fettuccine Pollo Carbonara. He enjoyed his dish but he said it wasn't amazing. Our total bill was about 70$. For the price and the meal, I would give it a 3 star.
Very pleasant restaurant, with congenial servers.  Pizza was quite good, as were our salads and meatballs.  Set in a very pretty setting next to the fountain.  A unique and very reasonably priced (for Vegas) dining experience.
Wonderful meal overlooking the fountain. The pizza to start was wonderful. The salad with warm chicken was excellent as was the pastas!
There are a lot of great restaurant choices in Las Vegas--especially for Italian food. My husband and I decided on Trevi mostly because it was conveniently located, and according to Yelp reviews, not terribly expensive. We were not disappointed. (Thank you Yelpers!) We sat right next to the fountain--a great spot for people-watching while dining. We started with the fried calamari, a very generous portion and nicely crisp, not greasy at all. We shared a Caprese salad and the fresh mozzarella was very good. My husband had the seafood pasta, generously laden with scallops, lobster and shrimp. I had the grilled shrimp marinara pasta--equally tasty. Portions are pretty generous, service attentive. I will definitely return here on my next trip to Vegas.
They DO NOT take Total Rewards .. So you earn no points for eating here, they seem to have their own card. The food here is ok, I had spaghetti and meatballs, the meatballs were huge and I could only eat one. The service was awesome, Jenn our waitress was excellent. We knew going in that this was not gourmet italian food so I can't say anything negative about their food. The view is pretty awesome, you can sit right next to the fountain and it is a great spot for people watching. If you need to eat something quick and dont want to shell out vegas prices this place might be a good option.
Meatball greatness! My Nona would be proud
the food was amazing our server Shyanne was friendly and quick to wait on us. excellent way to end our night of shopping. will be back again.
It is a cute place with a very good food and service where you don't have to drop $300 on dinner for two- not your best place but not TGIF either. The Italian dishes ere very good and very reasonably priced- higher quality for sure. I was impressed and not what I expected given the place and the cost.

Friendly staff, cool setting and people watching- definitely a good stop before the show.
Located in the Forum Shops Mall at Caesar's Palace by the fountains.  The staff are friendly from the hostess to the busboy.   They have seating on the "outside" section by the fountains and inside.

Our server, Cheyanne was very friendly, helpful and attentive.  

We ordered...
Traditional Caesar - delicious!
Calamari Fritti - good but not great
Camberi Shrimp - delicious!
Bottle of Pinot Grigio Santa Margarita- incredible!

Everything was good.  Food was very good and service was excellent.
I was to Trevi in January for a Yelp Elite event and I was sure I'd come back and try the menu.  I just didn't think I'd take this long.  Before our show at the Colosseum last night, we came here.

We were asked if we wanted to eat on the patio or inside.  Because the water flow at the fountain is loud, we asked for a patio seat near the back.  That's exactly what we got from the delightful hostess.

Within moments, our server was there to take our drink order and a runner stopped with fresh bread and a bottle of olive oil with a sprig of rosemary.  She poured some of the oil into a small dish for dipping the bread.  Our iced teas were quickly brought.  We had a few questions and our server, Cheyanne, was an excellent help.

My wife ordered the chicken Limone which the menu describes as "fettuccine with grilled chicken, artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomatoes and lemon zest tossed in a tangy cream sauce."  I got the pollo la Griglia which is described as "grilled chicken medallions with oven-roasted tomatoes, artichoke hearts and provolone cheese in a tomato caper bianco sauce, served with risotto cake and asparagus."  For dessert, we shared a Coppa Cioccolata which is described as "chocolate gelato and fresh raspberries with chocolate & raspberry sauces."

The food was excellent.  The cream sauce with my wife's chicken was very good, and she loved the touch of the sun-dried tomatoes in the sauce.  The chicken was moist and tender.  My chicken was also very good.  The provolone was quite stringy and made the dish very tasty!  The risotto cakes were something new for me and I'm so glad I got them.  I think I'll return and just get some risotto cakes they were that good.

Dessert was also excellent!  The gelato was dark chocolate and had a very rich flavor.  The fresh raspberries and the sauces just added to a good dessert and a perfect size for sharing.

The ambiance was outstanding!  Watching the ceiling lights change brightness and color to emulate sunrises and sunsets and seeing the small blue lights for stars while listening to the water at the fountain makes for a romantic and scenic setting.  It's so much fun to dine at a place like this in Las Vegas where we can watch the tourists as they stroll by and take photos of everything.  What a city!

As for service, it was first rate!  Our table was never unattended by someone.  When I put and empty packet of Sweet 'n Low on the table, it was removed almost immediately.  Cheyanne or one of the bussers kept our iced teas refilled.  She was a very pleasant young woman.  She boxed some leftovers and included a packet with plastic ware and a napkin.  

I had promised Brandon, the general manager, at our Yelp event that I'd be back.  When I asked about him last night, Cheyanne gave him my message and he came to the table and chatted with us.  I also watched as he went to other tables to check on diners.  He's alert to what's going on and he's a very personable guy.  The staff and the food make this place a will return.  I am a big fan!!
With mixed reviews we were not sure what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised... We were seated quickly (party of 2) and our waitress was there within a few minutes for drinks some, yummy bread and a few suggestions... I went with her first recommendation , a butter nut squash lasagna, and it was amazing... Could have used a little more spice but delicious non the less... Great place
Food: Mostly no good. Had the chicken limone - blah - and chicken piccatta - odd and blah. Had a Bellini to drink... it wasn't for me. However the calamari appetizer was very tasty. Service was great, but that wouldn't bring me back again to eat the food.
This review if for the Happy Hour only - which is one heck of a deal. Cheap beer and relatively cheap cocktails are always welcome at a fancy place like Caesar's - with the crazy expensive Forum Shops all around this place the inexpensive HH was a great find.

2-6 pm and in the bar area only you can really get your drink on. Now, the martinis weren't great but I didn't think they were terrible either. There was a lot of booze which helps matters. Still, I think next time I will stick with beer.

I really did like the bar area - it's dark and set back a little from The Shops so you can have an intimate conversation or just hang out inside away from the heat. Of course, the "outdoor" dining area is way cool because you can see the sky change from night to day and back again. But, HH isn't offered in that seating area.

We had a fairly attentive frat-boyish server who was personable. He seemed a bit oblivious at times but he still got our drinks out to us with the quickness. 

Would I be down to try to food and go for a dining experience? Sure. But really, it's all about the Happy Hour at this place so hit it up.
Lovely dinner with friends reminescent of my visit to the Trevi fountain in Roma.  I love the way the sky changed colors from day to night, lots of pink.  I had some yummy drink but I don't remember, must have been good!  I wanted something truly Italian, just had to have salad since CA is so nearby. I miseed the gelato near the fountain in Roma...guess I'm due for a visit
Great atmosphere, food, and service. I wished that it was more lit in the inside. It helps see the food and your company.
I stopped by Trevi for a quick bite during the happy hour before catching some football games.

Food:
I ordered the Mini Cheese Stuffed Burgers and a glass of Dark Horse Cabernet Sauvignon for $6 each.

The mini burgers were good, and definitely worth it for the happy hour price.

Side Notes

Ambiance:
Trevi is located in the Forum Shops at Caesar's, which is a prime spot for people watching.

Service:
The waitress was super nice, and came by frequently.

Conclusion:
This place has a solid happy hour, especially for a restaurant located in an expensive location. I will definitely be back to sit back and relax, and enjoy the happy hour food and drinks!
Finally got to try this place!!
Sat down for lunch with my boyfriend, his brother and 2 cousins and we all ended up stuffed!!!!
I had the Penne Diavolo and it was to die for!! It was the perfect amount of spicy and the penne pasta was cooked to perfection. The chicken was juicy and tasteful, overall, a very pleasant dish that I would love to have again.
My boyfriend and his cousins had the lasagna pizza and it was insanely good!!! Talk about an explosion of flavors in your mouth! The deep dish crust covered in ground beef and tomato sauce with fresh mozzarella on top.... wow, just wow! 
Lastly, I got to take a bite out of the Pollo La Griglia and it was soooo good! Once again the chicken was cooked perfect, the sauce on top was so creamy and tasty, with the capers and tomatoes... yummy.
I can't wait to try this place again
Dinner was delicious. I had the penne diavalo and my boyfriend had the shrimp Mac and cheese (I don't remember the name). Our appetizer was the mozzarella fritta. We could not fit in dessert lol. With two drinks, two entrees, and an app, our bill came to around $90. Service was exceptional-we were waited on by Tony. Checked on us at the right times, very attentive, very friendly. The other servers also assisted by bringing us more bread and refilling the drinks. We really enjoyed ourselves here-recommend to anyone looking for a great pasta dish and delicious drinks in the heart of Vegas!
Food was good but this review is mainly about the environment. the noise from the fountains were too loud. Most of the time I couldn't hear myself talk. When we went they weren't seating anyone inside and it wasn't even near closing yet. So I don't know why we weren't given the option. 

Service was good and our food came out fast, especially if it was pasta. And the bread with the olive oil was very tasty! Overall, it was okay. I would love to try the desserts next time!
Great service! Our server, Eddie, made sure that we wanted for nothing while my party was there tonight. Everything I sampled was fantastic (I had the chicken limone, which was delightful, one of the other members had the spicy ravioli, similarly enchanting), the drinks were exquisite (try the coconut mojito, then try another one...) 

Definitely worth another visit.
NOT THE PLACE FOR A PRIVATE PARTY!!!! While the food is awesome and the staff is nice we were told our party would be private and when we went upstairs to the private loft there was another group of about 25-40 people dining upstairs!!! Then after we pointed out that our party was supposed to be private because it was my wedding night they did NOTHING to try to mend the situation, not even an apology from the party manager!! Ridiculous!
HAPPY HOUR REVIEW ONLY

I never like to judge by only one visit, but the bartender sure was not interested in serving us. We were there for all of 25 minutes and she did not check on us once. I had to get her attention twice. I understand that servers and bartenders generally do not like dealing with happy hour clientele, but put in a little effort. She was either just starting or ending her shift, as she was much more concerned with sidework than the customers. Luckily, there was another bartender (or assistant?) who was much more attentive. We only ordered two plates: the stuffed mushrooms and the bruschetta. Both were a bit underwhelming. I had the Chianti, which was pleasant. The atmosphere is nice enough.
Our table buss boy, (actually a very handsome gentleman named Louis,) saved this review from being a one star. Ordered a $3 drink but was told it cost $9 so I passed. (Tiny happy hour fine print that confused two other patrons within earshot. ). Then tried to order a $10 pepperoni pizza but different version of the same bait and switch. Picture showed pepperoni but the $10 pizza was cheese...really cheesy if you ask me. ).  The real insult was when I asked for the manager to complain about their advertising and she told me they were aware of the problem but "corporate" over rode her decision making ability.  

Then there was Louis, maybe the best restaurant worker in the forum.  What a pleasure to be assisted by this guy!  

Thanks for the opportunity to comment on our experience.
My friends and I were able to be seated at 7pm on a Saturday night without any issues.  The outside was very loud because of the fountain, and so we chose not to sit there.
The servers were very attentive (even if a few of them looked lost in the background a few times) making sure he thoroughly explained each of the dishes and was happy to give his honest opinion about them.  
We split the fried raviolis, which were delicious especially with the MOUND of parmesan we were given.  I ordered the special which was some sort of lamb with grilled pears, risotto and asparagus which I substituted for green beans.  Surprisingly, the lamb was the biggest let down on the plate as everything else was hands-down amazing.  It wasn't bad... just not great.  My friend's dishes were apparently fantastic, and everything tat passed by us looked phenomenal.  I would definitely go back.
We had a wonderful late lunch/early dinner here. We started off with the crab spinach dip and it was perfectly creamy and the right balance of spinach and crab. I had the rigatoni bolognese. It was a MASSIVE bowl of pasta. It was great comfort food. My honey had linguini with some seafood in it. It was good he said but way to many tomatoes for some one who doesn't like tomatoes. Service was great. Waitress was very friendly. It was nice to sit on their "patio" and hear the sound of the beautiful fountain.
The atmosphere was great and food was fantastic.  I had veal scaloppine.  I also had some speciality drinks that were made with fresh mixes...you can taste it.  We went around 430 on a Tuesday and made reservations.  Wasn't 100% filled! but close.  Make reservations anyway. The only two negatives I can think of is obviously the price.  It's worth what you pay, but slightly high.  Second, if you don't like noise, get table away from the fountain.  It didn't bother me, but If someone didn't like that sort of thing, it could be uncomfortable.
Lasagna pizza was like a sloppy joe vs. a pizza and overpriced. Margarite pizza was not very unique for being in the caesars forum. Would not recommend this place. Service was excellent and location was really nice outside the trevi fountain.
The Trevi restaurant is blessed with a setting suitable to its name: adjacent to Caesar's beautiful Trevi fountain. "Outdoor" seating is available next to the fountain, which can make for a memorable dinner. My wife and I still fondly remember our prior dinner here, more than 10 years ago.

So on our recent Vegas trip we came back for a return visit. We were reluctant, however, to blow our budget on yet another high-priced Strip dinner. We were delighted to discover that Trevi's as an option for more budget-minded diners: a pair of weekly specials. I had the Pizza of the Month (cheese and sausage) for $9.99, and my wife had the weekly sandwich special, a custom-roasted hamburger. 

We were not expecting anything special from pizza and hamburgers, but were pleasantly surprised what a top chef can do to everyday fare. The hamburger and pizza were fantastic, so good that they almost needed a new name - they were so far and above what we have come to associate with these items! So if you are on a budget it's worth checking out these weekly specials.

Service was also top-notch, best we experienced during our week in Vegas, albeit with one exception cited below. Our server was extremely pleasant and personable, offered excellent suggestions and her service made for a wonderful dinner.

However, I must point out one negative: towards the end of the meal we were hit up to purchase a card good at Morton's restaurants across the country, offering discount meals, for an upfront $25. Perhaps a good deal for some, but not us; there were few of these restaurants in our local area. Still, our server mentioned this twice, and the manager actually came to our table to give us a 5+ minute spiel himself. The sales tactics are overly intrusive, and should be pared back to a short intro and a brochure. I'm deducting one star purely for this.
Not impressed. Service was friendly but didn't seem genuine. Almost as if everyone that worked there would rather be doing something else. We sat "outside" by the fountain and found the noise of the water to be annoyingly loud. My food was cold and not very tasty. I actually think they used the wrong sauce which threw the concept of the dish way off. My husbands pasta was over cooked. It reminded me of lunch served in a school cafeteria. Disappointing all around.
Wow, where do I start?  I'm italian from the chicago area. My boyfriend and I were in Caesars walking around hungry and saw Trevi. The restaurant is pretty half inside and half outside surrounding a fountain. We were sat next to the fountain. It was loud but fun to sit and people watch. 
Service - our waitress was extremely friendly which was the only redeeming quality. 

Food- I ordered eggplant Parmesan and my boyfriend got the chicken piccata. For the price I expected top of the line food or even above average. My eggplant was dried out and tasted old. There were numerous pieces on the plate but it tasted pre-made. It was actually difficult to cut through. Marinara was average. Pasta cooked properly. The chicken piccata medallions looked boiled or poached. There was no color on the chicken. Very unappetizing!  I tasted it and it had no lemon flavor. After a few bites I was tempted to say we aren't going to eat and we wanted our money back but I decided to just pick at it and leave. (Never go back).
We have dined here a few times. We like this place because it is not overly expensive and easy to get to if you are going to caesers for a show.
The only problem we have is they have happy hour but you have to drink at their little bar area only to get the happy hour drink prices. That should be good for the whole place not just the little bar area. ALSO we may not go back as they used to have a locals discount, when we asked for it this time we were told it EXPIRED! How does a local discount expire? We live here, if you want us to eat there and bring friends who visit gives us locals, a little incentive please! We have too many other restaurant choices!! The chicken was dry this time and I had to ask for extra sauce to smother it in.
Estheticly speaking sitting out in the courtyard having lunch or dinner at Trevi is  at the forum shops a way of life so to speak. Anyone who has been there multiple times has dined here at least once.  This used to be something else now part of the Landry group it tends to just miss greatness yet not fall to unacceptable sort of like all Landry's properties. 

Inside outside seating int he mall the Fountains of the Gods drowns out whatever noise there is as the people watching make this place a don't miss regardless.   After being seated it taks what seems like forever to get drink orders and menus.  Finally order and no bread or anything is ever presented. 

We go with all appetizers for lunch.  

Meatballs 2 Large tasty with nice marinara sauce. 

Antipasto De La Casa is Procuitto, olives, peppers, roasted peppers, buffalo mozerella with light basalmic vinegar.  Decent.

Mozerella Fritta 3 large deep fried pieces of mozerella with marinara sauce .. Tasty but no where near enough sauce. 

1 cheese pizza quite tasty with a very thin crust. 

Positives all the meals were good in quality and very tasty. 

negatives waiter was in the weeds - no bread offered - Refills on drinks and took forever to get the check..  Other negative was food was lukewarm to cold yet served quickly which makes no sense.

Probably 2.5 stars here but certainly nothing bad just average.
Food is awesome
Amazing location and everything on the menu is great!!!! Worth a million
I guess we came here on a good night compared to some other reviewers. 

After seeing the crazy wait for the buffet on thanksgiving night we ended up here. We were sat right next to the fountain which was so relaxing.
Our server was friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu items.

I had a seafood Alfredo type dish with lobster, shrimp and scallops,  and my boyfriend had the chicken parmesan. Both of our meals were excellent. I do think it was a bit pricey but the food and service was very good.

The only thing that was little annoying was having people taking pictures right in front of our table since we were sitting right next to the fountain but we tried to just ignore it and enjoy a relaxing evening.
Buono!! I was going for 4 out of 5, but my tough-to-please wife said they delivered 5 star results. 
Good food, good drinks and good service, from the hostess through all the servers, on up to the GM who was working a rare evening shift. 
We are VERY happy with our food and experience!
Ate here one 12/11 for HAPPY HOUR. Food was very good and the 3$ Bellini was very Nummy. We had the eggplant crisps, tomato bruschetta, and the bleu cheese stuffed sliders. Would eat here again for sure
Great restaurant. Food is excellent. Have been coming here for 6 years. My favorite dish is there chicken scaloppine . They are now part of Landry's Select Club.
The linguine ai frutti de mare was simply delicious. It had the most tender seafood as well as a perfect pasta-seafood ratio. The sauce was very flavorful and the pasta was cooked very well.  You won't regret getting it. 

The drinks were lacking to me. I had the Bellini and it tasted no different than the drinks you get at Fat Tuesdays but a fraction of the size. 

:)
You think you will sit and rest your aching feet while having a drink and maybe a little food but the water s deafening.  Literally shouting at people sitting at your table.  Tables are packed tight too.  Only bottled beer no draft.  $7 for a blue moon is a rip off.  I didn't pay that in Rome in front of the real Trevi fountain!!!  The calamari was ok.  Brushetta was lacking in taste, dont waste your money on it.  The pizza's looked good but for $17 they should.  Tourist trap for sure!
Best prices for a nice dinner at Caesars. Services is great and food came out very quickly. 

Not a a lot of healthy options or vegaterian but they are happy to modify dishes for you.  

The salad servings are generous.  

My only complaint is that if you sit out side the fountain is so loud you have to yell across the table so we. Always sit inside.  

If your looking for good Italian without super inflated prices make sure you eat here.
Really good pizza, great atmosphere, and amazing pesto!! Girlfriend and I had dinner here and we were more than satisfied with out food as well as the service! I highly recommend this place. Five stars.
Friendly service but slow.  Carpaccio is good everything else was the worst I've eaten.  If people think this is authentic Italian then they must put Olive Garden as a 4 star.  This is a far cry from a good Italian restaurant.
My best friend,the gorgeous Jessica G., had her wedding reception here on 1/23/14. Trevi provides a wonderful venue for couples who wed at Caesars and don't want to pay the exorbitant catering fees that Caesars Palace imposes. Literally steps from Caesars' casino floor, Trevi is also located in a convenient location.

Now, to the food:
Fresh and tasty, Jessica chose salad, gourmet pizzas, and pastas. The buffet was beautifully arranged. Food stations were constantly replenished and plates were cleared promptly.

The one negative of the evening would have to be the noise level. The private dining area is on Trevi's 2nd floor, and between the din of the Forum shops and the piped in music, conversation was a struggle.
I've passed by this place tons of times for many years and today finally tried the food. While the atmosphere is pleasant and the service good, the food was far less than stellar. We ordered the lamb bolognese, pollo fettuccine, and chicken Caesar salad. The lamb dish has undercooked noodles and very little meat, the chicken Caesar salad was as dry as a desert, and the pollo fettuccine has very overcooked chicken. Really wish we had gone somewhere else given the expensive prices for such a quality of food.
Had a great time with the girlfriend. Loved the lasagna pizza. The prices are reasonable and the service was great (our server Nelson) made sure to check in with us and got us what we needed. Will definitely come back.
Just going to copy verbatim what I composed in an email. 
Dear Brandon,
I was a patron on Saturday February 15 at approximately 10:30 PM at your Trevi restaurant. I wanted to advise you of some good and not so good observations that I feel I should bring to your attention. 
Our waiter Joey was excellent. He was prompt and catered to my party of 8 with great care and hospitality. 

Contrarily, I observed one of the kitchen staff place an order of chicken Ceaser salad  on the table in a not so flattering way. Best description is that it was just tossed on the table without a care. Sorry, I had no name to provide only that he and another colleague were amused at the action. 
Also I and another in my party ordered one of the specials. Swordfish. It was cold and Joey immediately retuned it to the kitchen for a quick microwave. Still I was disappointed that it arrived in that state. 
Otherwise all the food orders were enjoyed by all.
I always seat by the fountains and its really really beautiful. The menu is really good! i tried the Carpaccio, Crab meat artichoke and lasagna the last time i went to visit this restaurant and it was so good! They also have good fettuccine polo carbonara!!! Must try!! :)
Amazing restaurant w great views of the Forum Shops!
Wow! Words alone will not be able to explain the depth of deliciousness that encompassed this meal. Rather than try I'll state simply that you must eat here. Perfect!! We had a party of 8 and enjoyed a variety of items such as: carpaccio, linguine with clams, lamb osso bucco, veal piccata, chicken parm, and much more. A great variety (no two people ordered the same dish). Celebrated a birthday and they took great care of us at Trevi. Thanks!
This was once one of my favorites on The Strip. Simple and yummy. Seafood options were amazing & plentiful. But now it's seriously just tourist trap crap.
After eating there, I found out it was bought by Landry's, the Wal-Mart of restaurants, and I'm not shocked. The quality has dropped that low and the employees seem like they are held captive. My food tasted frozen & reheated, with an added bonus of burned edges on my pasta. PASTA.
I get your rent is high & you think you can survive off of one-time only tourist patrons... but welcome to 2014. There is Yelp & the internet to keep you on your toes. Not to mention locals will dine there too and remember 12 years ago. Keep this up & you won't be able to pay that rent & be gone.
Boo.
Trevi is not bad at all. Service was very good, food was pretty good, and the atmosphere was, well what you would expect from a restaurant  meant to replicate a place near the Trevi Fountain in Rome. I guess I'll give them this: if this were genuinely  a restaurant overlooking the trevi fountain in Rome, it would be similarly overpriced, crowded and noisy. So they've got a good replica going on at least.

The food was good as I said, but nothing to write home about. Fettuccini Alfredo was much better than say, Olive Garden, but it's probably not going to have you come crawling back for more.  Wife got a $10 drink which came out of an auto smoothie machine... Could have just done fat Tuesdays for that.

Anyway, A.OK, but pass if you are  really looking for fine dining and not just a fun and unique atmosphere.
Came here for dinner and it wasn't bad.  Located inside Caesar's Palace.  The drinks were yummy and service was good. Atmosphere wasn't bad.  The food wasn't bad, but nothing extraordinary either. They do give you good portions.  Don't come here before clubbing though unless you wanna dance with a super full tummy.
Excellent food! Had a great experience. Chicken diavolo was some of the best i've ever had! great flavors. Ask for Rufus as a waiter. Great personality and perfect attentiveness.
Food was great. I really enjoyed the lobster, spinach and artichoke dip, as well as their signature drink. The cheese ravioli was pretty good. Service was excellent and environment was enjoyable. Will come back again!
Nice Italian spot with well stocked bar.  Very loud If you sit near the entrance due to a huge fountain / waterfall.  We needed a table for 8 at 7pm on Sunday, walked up and were seated right away... Everything we ordered was decent.  Not spectacular. Service was good. No complaints. I'll go back someday...
For the gelato/coffee bar only:
Great surprise. Much larger portions of gelato than expected for relatively low prices, fantastic service last night from the solo worker who was busting her a$$, solid cappuccino
Beautiful scenery great service delicious food. Right in the center of Caesar's Palace! I tried the shrimp dish I think it was linguine al fritte de mare. It was a little spicy which I loved and very filling. The shrimp were large and perfectly cooked.
This place was really good.  I had the shrimp macaroni and cheese (I have the palate of an 8 year old) and my beautiful wife had the ahi tuna...  we loved it.  The service was friendly and it was a good place to people watch while we ate.  Easy to find and not too expensive.  Even though the dining options in Vegas are endless, we look forward to coming back!
About what you'd expect from a restaurant right on the fountain. Overpriced tourist-fare.

The server was incredibly insistent that we purchase a discount card for the restaurant's chain of eateries. She was so focused on this that she gave us someone else's bill. I really detest this sort of upselling shite but I think it pegs the sort of place that this is.

It's a pretty location by the fountain, but you're paying for the location alone. There are eateries with good food in Vegas. This isn't one of them.
Way to go Trevi! I'm a total Italian food snob and the last place I thought we'd find anything half-decent on the Strip was in the middle of the Forum Shops. Alas, the Chicken Francese I had here was the best ever! It was so fresh, and so tasty I took my time on it. It was probably the first time my wife ever finished her food before I did. So frikkin' good.

It's also worth noting our entrees made it to the table like lightning. I was floored. I had only eaten one piece of bread prior. I'm always suspicious when that happens, but like I said, this food was very good. And finally, we had the triple Gelato for dessert. I'm a Gelato snob as much as I'm an Italian food snob, which figures since they pretty much go hand-in-hand. In fact, it was the Gelato counter that made our decision. If we can have a nice dinner next to that beautiful fountain under the fake sky with Gelato for the win, I call that a good day. 

I also really appreciated the manager-type who came over to the table to check up on things. What a fun dude and great conversationalist. Seeing that helps explain why we had exceptional service and food. Hey - don't ever take it for granted. Some Vegas places are just happy to take your money and boot your pants.
Food was decent, not great. Service was fine. It's certainly reasonable as Vegas goes.
Bf took me here for my birthday on a Saturday night. We had reservations and requested fountain seating. Wait was about five minutes and our table ready for us:) I ordered my favorite, and the restaurant's signature dish linguine frutti de mare. Waiter was very nice and the dish was amazing. A bit pricey, but I highly recommend this dish and restaurant:)
Popped in here for dinner with some girlfriends. Honestly, nothing special. I got the shrimp ceasar salad, which was just a regular salad, nothing to rave about. My friends got different pasta dishes and they all tasted like those cheap microwavable/packaged food you can get at the super market. The service was good until the end when we wanted to pay and our waiter pretty much went missing and we just sat there for a while. Also, we made reservations for 4 people and 2 other friends decided to join- after calling to just add 2 more people to our reservation we were basically told they were full and they would "try" to add 2 more seats to our table. We got to the restaurant and it was half empty... not sure why we couldn't just add two more people to our reservation.
This used to be a good restaurant with great atmosphere and reasonable price. Unfortunately 6 people had lunch there 3 days ago and four got food poisoning .something I never expected in Vegas.  So don't fool yourself and think this is is the same restaurant that I had food before the name has changed so is the food.
Meh is right.

This one hurts because it's been my favorite Italian restaurant on the strip for over 5 years, but it's not what it used to be.

Food- Ordered Rigatoni Bolognese and the Lasagna Pizza to share with my husband. The pasta was just ok, but it was cold. The meat sauce was hot, but the pasta was cold for some reason? This has never happened to me before unless it was actually a cold pasta dish...but shouldn't the pasta be hot or at least warm?? The Lasagna Pizza was pretty good, no complaints there, but all in all the food didn't make me want to come back. 

Service-Weak. All the other times I've been here the servers have been very attentive, and available in case we needed something. Our server was never around! We had to wait just to get some Parmesan cheese on our food, and I clearly remember servers doing this almost immediately after you've been served your meal. We finished our drinks, but our server was not around to ask if we wanted refills? The last straw was when we tried to pay the bill, he was no where to be found so we decided to use some good ol' cash instead of our credit card and save us another half hour of this terrible service.


Like I said, this used to be my go-to Italian restaurant on the strip...time to move on.
This looked like such a nice place to dine right next to the fountain. Looking at the price I expected this to be fine dinning, however what we experience was nothing short of a complete joke on us! My wife ordered the Chicken Piccata, and I ordered their best dish the Linguine Fruitti Di Mare. Both of these dish were also their most expensive so we thought this was going to be something great. 

Our server was horrible as she never smile or even said what her name was. This turned out to be a series of neglect and just bad service. Had to ask her three times to get a lemon for my water. Brought us bread and pour a little olive oil into the dish and started to walk away. Thus had to ask for some vinegar which she finally got from another table after the third request. Then we had to ask for a napkin and silverware as we did not have any on the table. 

By this time we had to inform the manager that our server may be overworked or too much for her to handle. The manager apologized however the service only got worst. We had to ask for refill of our coffee each time. You would think this is so basic customer service to keep the coffee cup full especially since the cups were clear glass. 

To top it off our Not so great server managed to drop a beer bottle on an empty chair at our table which got beer on my wife new shoes. The manager later came over and said that the server had told him what had just happened. He tried to apologize and only made a joke that lucky it wasn't wine. He did offer a desert, but we didn't want to take any chance for another disaster! 

Well we finally got the bill and noticed that there was no comp or discount. Actually when the server brought me my change back she said that they round off my bill so I guess I did get a price reduction of eight cents! Despite all this and wanting to leave a penny tip I decide not to lower myself and instead of giving my usual 20+% for gratuity I gave around 17% so I could still feel good that I could say that I still gave a fair tip since my mother was a server for many years of hard work.  

One final note and the food was not fine dinning but rather okay. Guess I need to really check Yelp for now on before choosing where to eat and definitely before dinning out!
The restaurant was conveniently located near the Coliseum so we decided to eat here after the Elton John show.  We were seated immediately we were lucky because a line formed after us. We ordered the calamari as an free appetizer and it was just ok.  I would not order it again.  We also had the caprese salad which was way overpriced for the portion we received.  The romano chicken salad was good but I would definately order it with the dressing on the side because it was drenched.  
Overall, it was a nice place to sit and enjoy people watching while you eat but there are so many places to eat in Las Vegas that I would come back here only after I've tried others at least once.
I had lunch here other day because since my son in law hates Italian food I don't get it very often. I decided to eat as much Italian as I could on vacation. 
I got the Caesar salad which was good and a huge portion  for a little side salad.  For my entree ordered Chicken Francese. It was very good. The sauce was perfect with a lemony undertone and creamy tomato taste on top! 
Service was great and manager came over to introduce himself and check on me. 
I would definitely go again.
Food was so so. Seems a bit of a tourist trap in the they can charge high prices for average food because of the location.

I was starving going in and left plenty full but the food tasted like something you could get at olive garden. Paying a high price for italian food is dangerous, but I have experienced the wow factor before, this place just didnt deliver. I had the Linguine Vongole which lacked taste. The wife had the chicken carbonara which seemed to lack enough (any?) egg to bring out the true richness you would seek in a carbonara. Adding chicken to carbonara seems like a cheap attempt at improving it, but really just makes it a Alfredo. The menu even says it is a "Parmesan cream sauce". No classic carbonara uses an alfredo sauce.

Others had the special and the pizza. The pizza seemed good, the person that had the special seemed less than impressed.

On the other hand, the cannoli was legit and awesome.
Happy hour at the bar was great. Loved the calamari and the mini burgers. The drinks were reasonably priced and I loved the pomegranates martini!  I normally avoid landrys restaurants like the plague but I am glad I tried this one out!
My husband and I love Trevi and come out to this restaurant every time we visit Las Vegas.  The service is wonderful and they are very attentive.

We've ordered the lasagna and the chicken parm--both of which are fabulous.  I have also ordered their sald (Caesar) which is large enough to split among two people.  They give you large entrees and those too could easily be split.  It is easily one of the best Italian places I have been to in Las Vegas.

The only thing that is so-so is the bread...and really who cares much about that? I mean, bread should be good but it's not the deal breaker.  It just has too much herbs in it for my taste.

We will be back again.
We were at Caesars Forum shops because we had to buy a gift and of course we got hungry along the way.  We were in the mood for some Italian so it was either Spagos or Trevi.  We walked past spagos and didn't feel like mingling with a bunch of senior citizens so we decided to roll with Trevi.

Took about 20 minutes to get us seated.  Tip...you want to be around in case they call your name before your approximate time.  They move through the list pretty quickly.  Two calls then onto the next.

We like to order something very basic when we go to a new restaurant.  If they cannot get the basic menu items down, we really don't have an interest in returning.  So we ordered the Calamari for app.  I ordered the spaghetti with meatballs and my wife ordered the chopped Italian Salad.  The calamari was a little on the bready side and the sauce was ok.  Nothing extraordinary.  The spaghetti was ok as well.  I can't say it tasted horrible.  But there's nothing really special about it.  My wife liked her chopped salad.

At the end of the day, we spent approx $70 for food that is worth about $30. So the food is 3 star worthy, but the price knocked it down a star. I guess they have to find a way to pay the lease at Caesars!
I don't like to dine out on the Strip a lot, but when I do TREVI is always a leading option. To me it combines the first-class dining of Vegas with a more laid-back atmosphere, and the "outdoor" patio offers some of the best people-watching in the city. My go-to is the chopped salad, a great mix of Caesar (get it?!) Salad with cheese, peppers and meats. The gelato is awesome, too. Brandon, the manager, has come out to introduce himself and check in on us every time I've been there
Expensive, but worth it in taste and quality. You're not going to get huge portions, but what you get will be delicious.
We chose Trevi for our reception because we just fell in love with the space when we saw it.  We had checked out a couple of other venues in the Venetian and some other hotels, but we just could not stop talking about Trevi.  I am so glad with did!

We had 58 people at our dinner and we had the entire upstairs (mezzanine) to ourselves.  When you walked up the stairs you came upon the seating chart and guest book as well as the bar and some highboy tables for the cocktail hour which lasted about 45 minutes.  It gave everyone time to walk around, take pictures with the fountain out front, chit-chat with people and find their seats.  We had 4 round tables and 3 rectangular tables (1 being the head table) and they were placed by the windows and around the side.  The dcor and everything was setup perfectly and the best part was I didn't have to do any of it!

They had 3 dinner menu choices and we went with the Veneto.  The shrimp cocktail and bruschetta appetizer were amazing; my bridesmaid ate all of the shrimp cocktail from the head table!  The salads were nicely proportioned and dressed, but the entrees...WOW.  I had the Linguine Al Frutti Di Mare (A seafood medley of lobster, shrimp, scallops, tomatoes and scallions in a seafood cream sauce) it was absolutely delicious.  I ate as much as I could and wished I could have eaten more.  We also went with the cheesecake for dessert because neither my husband nor I are big cake eaters and we love cheesecake, so it was perfect.  As for beverages, we had an open bar, but some of our guests wanted shots, which were not included.  They made it very easy for them to open a side tab and kept track of everything.  The servers were fantastic, they were great with drinks and the timing of food was perfect.

The best part about Trevi, other than the food, was the service before, during and after the event.  We only went there once and that was to view and choose the venue, otherwise we did all the planning from home in Phoenix, Arizona.  Michelle made it so easy and she was great with responding to emails and questions.  They let us use their easel for our posterboard seating chart and my parents were able to go the day before to take all the centerpieces and dcor over for setup.  Overall, we could not have been happier with our choice and I will recommend Trevi to everyone getting married in Las Vegas.
I'm embarrassed to even admit that i hate here but it was one of those nights where we were just trying to find something to feed ourselves and not spend a fortune.  First of all, the setting is not ideal.  We sat "outside" which basically meant we were in the mall meant to resemble the outside.  The lighting is disturbing.  The waitress was wonderful but the food was so terrible.  Worse than Olive Garden terrible.  Don't waste your time.
amazing place. i want to give a million stars for this place. the food is exquisite. the staff are amazing...and the atmosphere is...i don't even have a word for it.


go here if your in vegas, esp if your at caesars. best food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pretty average italian food. The pasta and the marinara sauce were absolutely average. Basically expect to pay for olive garden quality food at a premium. Not really a memorable or exceptional spot. Also, the seating is right in the middle of the forum shoppes so it is quite noisy and not a great spot for a quiet date or dinner.
Ah, I love the Vegas cheesiness of eating inside while looking like you're eating outside. 

We hit up Trevi recently as part of a group dinner after a long day at the convention center. Took a table in the patio courtyard area under the faux sky and clouds. Mock statues and structures of Italy surround the dining area. The skyline rotates from daylight to twilight occasionally. Tourists walk by while shopping at the Forum Shops.

It's pure Vegas cheeze. 

As for the food it's standard tourist style Italian fare. Fried Calimari was over-breaded. Linguini with bolognese sauce was just ok. The Grilled Chicken topped with lemon sauce with roasted veggies was pretty good, plus they do give you a hearty serving. Our waitress was terrific, super attentive, and helpful.

The saving grace were the delicious desserts. The gelatos and sorbets are outstanding. I had the Tiramisu Gelato and could have eaten a gallon of it! Wow.

As far as Italian food goes it was average, and there are many places in Vegas to get better. You go here for the fun cheezy Vegas ambiance after all.
Excellent food. All six if us had something different and we all enjoyed.  The pasta bolognese was the best I've ever had. Very noisy outside due to the fountain. Reserve an inside table.
The meatballs are the best I have ever tasted, but more importantly the staff are wonderful. They can't do enough for you, its how service should be, the prices are fair for a prime location. I can't recommend enough
We truly enjoyed our happy hour experience at Trevi. We sampled each of their happy hour plates including the bruschetta, stuffed mushrooms, fried calamari, eggplant crisps, meatballs, and stuffed mini burgers. I was a fan of their meatballs, but the other "bites" were just okay. For $6 a plate, it was a decent price for each of the little tapa sized dishes. In terms of the alcohol, I just had a Peroni, but their specialty for Happy Hour was a Bellini for $3. My friend let me sample a taste of her Bellini. I instantly became jealous as it was really tasty.
The hostess (blonde girl) was very rude so we left and went to spago next door. I posted a pic of our bill to prove it.
I love this place!!!!  This food, the atmosphere, the service, everything here is amazing!

The Fettuccine Pollo Carbonara is a deliciously creamy dish and the chicken is nicely grilled and very juicy.  I like the Spaghetti and Meatballs too.  It's flavorful and the meatballs were very tasty too (although slightly salty for my taste).  They give pretty big portions.

They have TVs in here so you can watch sports while eating.  The outdoor seating is absolutely beautiful.  It's surrounded by Roman marble statues and a huge fountain, all under the Caesar's Palace faux sunset sky.

I'm definitely coming back when I'm in Vegas again.
Hands down 5 Stars. Great service and absolutely loved the chicken meatball soup I ordered.

We had sore feet from walking for a long period of time and decided to get some food. We all ordered soup and it was so delicious that I probably would've licked my bowl clean if no one was looking.

Our server was sooooo chipper and attentive. She did everything with a bright smile and even helped us take a family picture! I didn't catch her name, but she's probably about 5'7" and had dark brown hair and black rimmed glasses. Whoever you are, you made our dining experience awesome! Thank you!
Perhaps exceeding my expectations the most has to be Las Vegas' own, Trevi, in the Caesar's mall.  For some reason, Yelp's description of Trevi sounds more like an ice cream parlor; this is a SOLID ITALIAN RESTAURANT!  GO THERE NOW!!!!!!!

Not affiliated with any chain, I'm thinking this restaurant has been in the mall since the beginning.  And the only time I've ever eaten here was years ago, a forgettable pizza...cut to the moment.

A free night in Vegas, my friend said she wanted to eat, "...a steak from an Italian restaurant", a good idea I thought.

Now, I could have taken 2 weeks to find the perfect spot.  But instead, I booked a room close by and we walked to Trevi.

It was delicious! My steak was great and at $34.95, not overpriced for the on-the-Strip prices.  The risotto was good, not great.   Eddie, our waiter was friendly and not overbearing.

My friend did NOT get her steak from an Italian restaurant; she got seafood pasta, NO CHEESE!  God, it was better than my steak.

Seriously, if I lived near this place, I would have returned 3 times already, it's that good.
Great place to have either a nice dinner with friends/family or small bites as you rest from shopping in the forum shops! I have enjoyed this restaurant twice, once solo while I was waiting for a meet up, and the second time this weekend with my husband. The food has been great both times (pizza and wine the first time, and this weekend we made up a lite dinner of appetizers and wine). The staff is attentive and the view of the fountain and plaza is fun and entertaining. Only reason it isn't a 5 star rating is only due to the noise level of the outdoor dining (unavoidable) and the host had an opportunity to give us better seats near the fountain and chose not to. Otherwise- great food and service and excellent choice for dining in Caesars Palace!
"Ice Tango, how can I help you?"
"Yes, good morning. Is this is a Pinkberry knockoff?"
"Well, our products do have some similar-"
"Great. What time are you open until tonight?"

Well, this some time LA transplant says "hoo f*#&ing ray"!
I hauled my tuchus all the way from Chandler to FLW and the 101 for some "twangy tart" yogurt and a gander at what I thought would be Phoenix's version of this Los Angeles staple.

For those of you who are not enlightened (in regards to tart yogurt), I'll tell you this. Pre- powder recipe scandal at Pinkberry, this yogurt closet on Santa Monica Blvd in West Hollywood had to install Disneyland like metal bars to control the 11pm yogurt fiending crowd. As if the hired bouncers were not enough. This was for two flavors of frozen yogurt.

The plain yogurt, which was my reason for being in NoSco, did have a similar taste, but sans the subtle but unquestionably present bitter aftertaste of the Pinkberry brand, which I now attribute to that crap powder they were using at P-berry. Ice Tango is all around Ice- Tasty. They also have multiple other flavors including mango (the flavor of the day today) and blueberry, which tickled my taste buds.

Besides the yogurt I ordered, I tasted their vanilla frozen custard. Yum. The Russian Hubster (husband/ gangster) convinced the owner to make us a crepe. Delicious- and this coming from a former creperista myself. It was the perfect consistency. Moist on the inside with the a hint of crisp toward the outside. Our heavenly confection was filled with Nutella, nuts, banana slices, and nougat. Upon tasting it, my big and burly cousin actually giggled. There was no other way to describe it, anyhow. Just picture a muscular New Yorker, still sporting the shades, giggling. With chocolate syrup gleaming on his lower lip.

Delicious.

Apparently they have a couple of locations opening around spring- one in SoSco and one in Paradise Valley.

Rob is still giggling.

To see a pic of the frozen yogurt:
http://artwanted.com/imageview.cfm?id=600321
So my craving and curiosity finally over rode my laziness to truck to the north but let's say it was SO worth it!!

This place is not only like Pinkberry but in my humble opinion surpasses it! The Twangy fro-yo has the familiar tang but with a more creamy mouth feel and tangier intensity. They also offer WAY more toppings including cereal, fruit and jimmie's... while they have my beloved Fruity Pebbles and Mochi they also have loads of other items. Included cotton candy (looks like the candy Nerds but tastes like cotton candy).. very unique. Other fro-yo flavors include Pomegranate, Mango, Blueberry and of course the PB like Twangy.

We also tried the frozen custard.. oh yeah, good stuff as well though, I was loving my Twangy to much to even think about ordering it. We met the owner very handsome Dave Cha, super nice guy,  and knowledgeable about all things fro-yo. It was a treat to meet someone with such enthusiasm and genuine sincerity.. especially in that neck of the woods (North Scottsdale). 

If you have a craving for the good stuff.. do yourself a favor and head to Ice Tango.. I really don't think you'll be disappointed. Hurry before the word gets out and there are lines out the door!!
Pretty Much Amazing, Please leave the cereal toppings for frozen custard, you gotta do the Twangy Tart with fresh fruit and MOchi! Its like REAL frozen yogurt, no, its not vanilla, its got the sourness of yogurt. YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!
* * * * * * * * * etc !! i can just keep adding stars !!!! 

I have only had their yogurt, and their mojito shake, and I truly believe this is the BEST Dessert that comes frozen you will find in AZ!!  You MUST try it.   Dave, the owner/manager/everythinger is super nice, very friendly service.  And they are open till 10 EVERYDAY, even SUNDAY! you cant beat that !
I'm not to sure about a lot of things, but one thing that I can positively say is that Ice Tango is the most kick ass yogurt place ever in AZ.  I first got addicted to Pinkberry and ever since then, I've been dying for that indescribable taste. Ice tango has that awesome unique flavor in its twangy yogurt and fruit.  I love it!  It is VERY recommended, and if you are sitting there thinking of going, STOP, don't even think, grab your keys and head on over there!!!!  For some of us, it is a little far, but believe me, it is SO worth it! And the hours make it so much easier, open till 10pm, come on! I LOVE YOU ICE TANGO!
After reading all of the reviews that came before mine, I had pretty high expectations for Ice Tango... I love tart flavors and I love frozen yogurt - I was pretty damn excited to finally make my way to NoSco to check this place out.

I went with my friend DeDe at around 11am on a Sunday... We worked up an appetite at yoga, and when I told her that I'd read amazing reviews about this place, and that it was supposedly similar to Pinkberry, she just had to try it too.

We walked in and were impressed to see such a clean, colorful little store.  I had no idea that they would offer cereal and crepes in addition to their special yogurt with a ton of toppings to choose from.  David was working that day and DeDe drilled him on the nutrition information.  It's all fat free and only 22 calories per ounce.  A small yogurt has approximately 130 calories before the toppings.  We tried the plain and pomegranate flavors and we both went with plain and added fresh fruit as a topper - YUM!

Ice Tango is my new favorite place in the valley.  If it were closer to me, I'd be there every day!  I almost drove 30 minutes out of my way to return to Ice Tango the next day... I thought that was a bit crazy, so I am drooling sitting here thinking about my next visit.  

If you like tart tasting yogurt, go pay David a visit at Ice Tango - you will not be disappointed!
So, I would say I have never been a yogurt guy until I visited Ice Tango.  I found this lovely place thanks to yelp, back when it only had 3 reviews.  Since then, the great reviews have been mounting up and I have had the pleasure in visiting this place numerous times.  The place is very bright, full of life and energy.  The workers are very friendly and the first time I arrived the owner explained to me the greatness that is Ice Tango.  It is difficult for me to order anything but the Twangy Tart with it being so amazing and all.  All of the fruit toppings are fresh and never frozen.  Toping any desert and sometimes entrees with cereal is perfection in my mind.  So, when I saw that they had a vast array of cereals and fruits to rest upon my yogurt, I was in heaven.  But, I think the best toping has to be the mochi.  Mochi is like a cross between a marshmallow and gummy bear, awesome.  I have yet to try their crepes, but I look forward to that day.  The smoothies are very good as well. This place is definitely a place to visit, no doubt in my mind.
I drove 50 miles to check this place out and had a hard time finding it!

It's definitely not your typical frozen yogurt bar.

I tried a few of the flavors as well as the vanilla custard.

The best (and only reason I would come here) is the Twangy Tart!
It's sour just like plain yogurt but with a hint of sweetness to cut the bite and a refreshing icy texture. It's insanely Delicious on it's own or paired with some fresh fruit.

They have a beautiful assortment of Fresh Fruit toppings but I felt their other toppings were lacking.

I decided on the Twangy Tart with strawberries (see picture)

I'm giving 5 stars  based on the unique plain yogurt flavor "Twangy Tart" and their Beautiful "Fresh Fruit" selection, I wish they were closer to me.

ETA: My Slogan

Once you try the Twang you'll be like Daaaaaang! 
And Nothing else will ever be the same!
I had the small Twangy with no topping; it was very good - creamy and quite tangy - it lives up to its name.  At $2.95 for a small, I would not call it economical... Extra toppings are 75 cents, so this could add up fast.  The place looked very clean, service was OK (I had to wait 7-8 minutes - only one girl serving the yogurt/custard line, and about 4 people were serving the crepe line).  The only thing that's misleading is the so-called "cereal bar"... they have about 6 - 7 dispensers of cereal that are near the front of the store (not behind the counter), so it appears that they are there as free toppings for your yogurt... but no.  I was politely reminded that it is a cereal bar and not free.  A bit embarassing.
I tried Ice Tango for the very first time yesterday and loved it! I was a HUGE fan of Golden Spoon and was convinced that nothing would be better than that fat free treat although I was WRONG! I tasted all 4 of the flovors although my faves were Twangy Tart and Pomegranite. No toppings although they all looked delcious. The small was a pretty large portion and very satisfying. The decor is cute (cereal bar and all) and the staff were really very nice and patient while I made my flavor selection.  I definitely say try it if you haven't already. I hate to admit it but I'm SO over Golden Spoon now.
Ummm. . .I. . .don't. . .get. . .it. . .?
 
Can someone please explain to me how this place is any different from TCBY from the early 90's?  Besides the ridiculous trying-to-be-trendy-but-just-looking-cheap decor?  I went in Saturday afternoon and it was packed.  I got samples of their flavors, which are pretty limited to start with.  The custards were good.  The yogurts were ok.  I don't get the hype over the twangy tart, it tasted like plain yogurt to me, which in and of itself tastes like spoiled milk.  No thanks.  I wound up getting a Pinalada smoothie and quite frankly I make way better smoothies in my blender at home.  The pineapple tasted canned and there was hardly coconut or mango in it at all as listed on the menu.
 
Admittedly I didn't have a crepe, which I am a sucker for especially with Nutella, so I might be back in here for one.
 
So. . .what is it that sets this place apart?  They offer a few flavors of frozen yogurt. . .and. . .toppings. . .and. . .?  Is it just that I'm spoiled by all the incredible local ice cream parlors in Boston like JP Licks and Emack and Bolio's to even care about this place?  I just don't understand the draw, why anyone would drive so far for frozen yogurt.  Are there really no other options out here?  Sad.
I drove all the way here from central phoenix to see what everyone was talking about.  I must agree with just about everyone else and say that i really enjoyed Ice Tango.  I had the Twangy Tart with mango and kiwi and it was so tasty and refreshing.  I did sample the pomegranite and blueberry... just the right amount of tart and sweet.  I also tried some of my girlfriend's custard which was very good too.  I did not get a chance to try any crepe's but the next time I am in the area I will come by here for desert for sure.
Like Kristin S, I am also confused.

We had to try Ice Tango to see what it was all about. I was really craving frozen yogurt and was sad that the options were "custard" (basically ice cream) and EXTREMELY tart "yogurt" (which was really more like gelato or frozen ice). I felt like I was a kid again - you know when you used to have competitions with your friends to see who could keep the sour candy in their mouth the longest? That's how tart the yogurt is. It would actually be funny to give to a toddler because I guarantee that they'd make the most hilarious face in response.

Anyway, my husband's coffee custard was good. I don't get the decor, though. It's way too bright in there. Yikes! The 70s called and wants their disco colors back.

I also don't get paying $2.50 for a carton of cereal when you can buy an entire box at the Target across the parking lot. I don't mind spending money on unique experiences, but seriously? $2.50 for cereal? Who goes out to a restaurant for cereal? It would be pretty amusing to sit at the outdoor tables with a big box of economy sized cereal and a plastic spoon. Actually, a better idea would be to sell zip lock baggies of cereal outside of the Ice Tango for $1 a piece. "We'll sell you the same fruity pebbles for only $1!" I just don't get the cereal thing, needless to say.

I would like to come back and try a crepe, though. The brie and fruit one was calling my name.
I dunno if there is much I can say that hasn't already been said.  

I went to Ice Tango for the first time last night and really liked it!  I tried the Twangy Tart (which tastes tart, just like real yogurt, only frozen) topped with fresh raspberries.  Very tasty! 

I'm looking forward to going back and trying the green tea custard.
Oh, Ice Tango... why do I love thee?

1. The small is freaking huge. I have a hard time imagining eating more.

2. The tart is surprisingly tart- and sooo very refreshing. What an awesome pick-me-up!

3. The fresh fruit additions are marvelous- my diced strawberries were so generously scooped into my cup that I had more strawberries than fro-yo at the end of my serving.

4. It is less than 3 miles from my new job. I may just make this a regular on-the-way-home treat. With so few calories involved, could you fault me?
Peach yogurt with fresh kiwi on top - YUM!
Perhaps I'm glad it's such a drive. If they open one close to me, I'll be dropping a lot of money here!
'Tart yogurt with brownies, strawberries, and raspberries.. wait no, with pineapples, mmm.. with blueberries!'
So many choices, and they're all good. This is why this place is so fun and starting to be one of my favorites. As I drove by one today, I couldn't help but think..' should I stop?!' even though I just had finished eating a big burrito.

Thanks to Lindsay and 'Little Hulk' I was encouraged to try their crepe(s) and wow! the crepe added one more reason to keep me coming back!
Unfortunately, this business is now closed.  Giving them 5 stars for giving it a good try.  I was just there 1 week ago and (unbeknownst to me) had my last Twangy Tart.  Darn!
This place just opened in the same plaza as Pita Jungle. They have a good selection of gelato, including dairy-free fruit. They also have frozen yogurt. There are two kinds right now, plain vanilla and lactose-free soy. The yogurt is the richest frozen yogurt I have ever eaten in my life... it's pretty tasy! You can mix various dry toppings for the yogurt, including little chunks of mochi! 

I'd like to see more yogurt flavors in the future, if possible, cause the vanilla was scrumptious but I am definitely more of a chocolate kind of girl. I had chocolate raspberry gelato mixed with cookies & cream, it was very good.

-edit-
I recently went back and had chocolate gelato mixed with the vanilla frozen yogurt. OMG, heavenly freaking awesomeness, the alternative taste between creamy sweet chocolate and creamy tart yogurt was soooo good.
I'm a gelato purist, so Chill is right up my alley. You don't have a million flavor choices, but the ones they have are classics done right, so there is no need. The same lady is always working when I go, and she is very friendly and upbeat. They haven't yet perfected the multi-flavor ratio in one cup, but I'm sure that will improve, and I'm a huge fan of anything with a punch card. So far my favorite gelato spot in the Valley :)
In my endless pursuit for the sought after "TART" yogurt I have found another winner!

This place serves mostly gelato I think but has 2 flavors of Yogurt Original (the tart yogurt) and Original soy, which I did not taste but might be tart as well.

This Yogurt was much creamier in texture than the icier textured
"Ice Tango" but still had the familiar sweet tangy flavor that I LOVE so very much.

Small selection of toppings, beautiful fresh fruit well chilled and covered.(see pics)

At only $2.25 for the small it's a great deal, plus you get a punch card, it wont take long to fill up that baby!

Only problem~ the parking lot is small so I had to circle around for a few minutes and luckily someone left, so I could park.
Sometimes you just dont get what you pay for. Like paying nearly 5 bucks for a large frozen yogurt and getting a less then half full cup. Then a buck for the first topping which was so stingy. I chose mochi and seriously, there were about 6 pieces. Were not talking quality over quantity here.. the frozen yogurt was good, very light sour yogurt taste, not much tang. I make the same recipe at home and its good but not 6 bucks a cup good. Maybe the lady there at Chill saw my fat ass and decided that she needed to put me on a diet! 

I did have a taste of the gelato and thought it was really good.. I think if I go here again I will certainly stick with the gelato.. seems that those cups are literally packed. You live you learn.
The frozen yogurt is delicious. It's tart just like regular yogurt. I got it half-and-half with raspberry gelato once. It was a perfect combo.

The owners are also very nice -- it's good to support a local business.
People often make the mistake of assuming I know what I'm doing. That I'm a woman with a plan. 

It's an easy error to make; I'm a somewhat articulate woman working towards a bachelor's degree who holds multiple state credentials. Yeah, I guess a certificate with a photocopied signature on it can count as credentials, right? 

But in reality, there is no method to the madness. Like a jazz soloist or a Republican defending anti-gay marriage laws, I'm just making this shit up as I go along. 

I am often overwhelmed by seemingly trivial decisions, like "what color should I paint my nails today" or "should I give this place 1 or 2 stars?" 

Places like Coldstone or Baskin Robbins, therefore, frustrate me to no end.

Do I get a flavor I know I'll like? Or do I branch out? But what if that flavor's totally nasty and I can't finish it? What mix-ins should I get? Oh god there are people in line behind me, make up your mind, voice in my head!!!

When Amanda B brought me to Chill, the first thing I noticed was the wide array of gelato flavors. Immediately, I felt myself paralyzed with indecision. 

Oh shit. Pineapple and Coconut? Dulce de Leche? Sweet Zombie Jesus, they have a Twix flavor! Oh Eris, goddess of cha--oh wait, you wouldn't do me any good in this situation, would you?

Off-handed, perhaps sensing my panic, Amanda's sister Allison grinningly said to me "you've got to try the chocolate pistachio. It's the best."

At first I was a little hesitant to take her suggestion. While chocolate is awesome and pistachio is awesome, 2 x awesome does not always awesome squared. 

Other examples of two awesome things that suck when put together; 

Babies and movie theaters. Girlfriends and strip clubs. 

Roleplaying games (fuck yeah I slayed a dragon!) and the internet (sorry guys, I can't go out tonight, gotta stay home and do a raid with my guild).

But Allison assured me that this would be all the chocolatey pistachio goodness I could ever ask for. I was sold. 

Legend has it that once, an Italian merchant once gave Buddha a bowl of gelato. Buddha was so delighted with the dessert that he reciprocated the gesture and gave the merchant a book of Buddhist teachings to bring back with him to Italy. Unfortunately the merchant's ship was sunk on the voyage home, and Buddhism didn't reach Italy for hundreds of years.

What does that have to do with my review? Nothing. 

The chocolate pistachio really was amazing. And at 2.59 for a small it has a reasonable cost/delicious ratio (I'm assuming anyway. Allison covered me in the event I didn't like mine so she could finish it herself). 

I may not be as well versed in the art and science of gelato as others, but I can tell you from my limited experience that it was creamy, chocolatey, smooth, nutty and everything I am told gelato is supposed to be. 

Maybe next time I will choose a flavor by myself. But I wouldn't count on it. I was late for work today because I couldn't decide which pair of pink flip flops would better match my Sarah Jessica Parker jeans. 

I am completely flabbergasted as to how I get out as much as I do.
So when I went to NYC I found this magical place called Pinkberry! Since my trip I have been craving frozen yogurt that had that tart taste! Finally something that isn't gelato, bleh! 

I got regular frozen yogurt with fruity pebbles and raspberries, yum! I've never tried anything with fruity pebbles on it, but boy was I surprised! It has a nice crunch that compliments with the smooth frozen yogurt. 

This place is pretty magical indeed, I want to back there as soon as possible!
Wow, Chill rocks. Frank and his lovely wife, the proprietors, are fantastic. The prices are super low and the gelato/sorbet is awesome. While we were there, a little kid dropped the top part of his cone on the ground. Frank replaced it for free. 

Then he gave us a sample of the fat-free, sugar-free chocolate sorbet, which made me want to buy a pint of it... after I had already eaten a baby sized Mango/Pomegranate mix. Yum. 

How about this: Go have dinner/lunch/breakfast/whatever at Pita Jungle, then walk across the parking lot to Chill for dessert. That sounds like the perfect evening.
I never knew this place was where it is until I saw it on YELP! You can't really see it from Apache. It is tucked in behind Eddie's Pizza, a tiny Fillabertos, next to Planned Parenthood.

The reviews on here were so high I had to check it out. I love frozen yogurt, ice cream and especially gelato. Well...... the owners everyone speaks so highly about were not there. It was Sunday andw e got there at 250pm and had to hang around, they don't open until 3pm.

The guy who was working was very friendly and helpful. I have to say as a self-proclaimed gelato fanatic I was dissappointed. They didn't have any of the great traditional flavors. I ended up getting no sugar added chocolate which was good and blueberry sorbet, wich I also enjoyed. But, I wish they had a larger selection. The best place I have found in Tempe or Mesa is Angel Sweet at Riverview, but I am now going to venture West and see what Phoenix has to offer.
Noticed this place after a dinner at Pita Jungle. I have a new found love for gelato so I decided to check it out.

The gentleman working the counter must have been an owner as he commented on his wife making all the flavors. Anytime an establishment is run by an owner it tends to be great friendly service. Yay mom and pop places! Thank you for forging ahead in these uncertain times.

So they have Avocado gelato.. I've learned that if something seems super weird/crazy on a menu that its always worth a try. If it was horrible its very unlikely it would be on the menu.. unless it was brand new.

Flavors Sampled:

Avocado:
The guy told me I wouldn't be sorry for trying it and he was right. The creamy/fatty flavor/texture of the avocado was a great pairing. Gelato is much lower in fat then regular ice cream so the added fat from the avocado didn't make it overly heavy. It was very smooth, creamy and refreshing.

Peanut Butter:
By now those poor souls who actually read my novel like reviews know my love for peanut butter. This had an amazingly strong peanut flavor and was made with real peanut butter. I didn't ask which brand but I'm guessing it was not one filled with sugar. Was a very dark rich roasted peanut flavor verses the sugar bomb type we usually get in baked goods/sweets.

Strawberry(no sugar added):
Had a nice strong strawberry flavor but was a little overly sweet like most sucralose type products.

Mango:
Super strong mango flavor. There was no guessing what you were eating. Not sure how they got this much flavor from a natural product but I don't believe they use any artificial flavoring.

I ended up getting half and half peanut butter/avocado.. and no I didn't mix them.. that would be weird even for me :P

One other cool thing I noticed was a topping they had. The Costco peanut butter filled pretzels. Imagine how tasty that would be with some peanut butter ice cream or chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream.. YUM!

One thing they had going that gelato spot and many of the others don't is the large size selection. There were 5 or so different sizes and ALL sizes including the smallest could be mixed. Most have a large and a small and will only do a single flavor in the small. I like that you can get as much product as you want.. cuts down on waste and probable overeating.
Great Place for a Vegan treat! 

Vanilla soy frozen yogurt, soy based gelatos and vegan crepes! 

Everything is made on site and they don't use Corn Syrup in any of their products!! That alone is a reason for 5 stars! 

My only complaint is that they don't have much for toppings and are really scarce on the fresh fruit.

From now on this is my go to place for a frozen treat!
This place makes me want to order the largest size, eat all of it, lick the cup, spoon, napkin, my fingers, the counter, anyone else in the store who is also indulging and then make out with the owner for creating such delicious cold creamy decadence that not only I can enjoy but also my vegan sister. Added bonus: cute clean restroom
Gelato. The only places I've tried are Angel Sweet and the place next to Lee Lee's. This place is decent.

There isn't much of a flavor selection compared to what I'm used to at the aforementioned places, and to be quite honest, this was a slight issue. WHERE IS MY MANGO?!? 

I had to settle for Strawberry Sorbet and some chocolate. The strawberry sorbet was more like a smoothie or something, kind of unappealing. The chocolate was pretty good, and I think I might be down to try some cookies n cream next time. I guess if you're in the area and want some gelato, check this place out. If you want the best and a large variety... :)
Not impressed AT ALL.

The guy working the counter and the owner lady making the frozen desserts were very nice and that is about the only positive about our experience.

I tried a sample of the strawberry birthday cake gelato.  YUCK!  I noticed they didn't have any plain vanilla soft serve ice cream.  At this point I decided not to even get anything for myself and here I was really looking forward to coming to this place.

One of my kids got the mint chocolate chip flavor.  I tried a bite and it was downright DISGUSTING.  It was airy and melted in texture with to large of chunks of chocolate chips, IMO.

If you want frozen yogurt I recommend Orange Leaf self serve frozen yogurt.  If you want gelato I recommend Angel Sweet.  If you want ice cream or soy ice cream or custard I recommend Sub Zero.  Don't bother with Chill.
The nutella ice cream is awesome.
Solid 4.5 stars.

Had the Soy Chocolate Chili, and it was THE BOMB.  BOMB I say.  Went down cold, then left a spicy BITE in the mouth.  I loved it.  I'm getting more of it you can bet.

Nicely priced, lots of flavor and style and size choices, very clean store, very nice employees/owners.

If you like Gelato, this place won't let you down in ANY way.
I give these guys major props for having vegan gelato that actually tastes really good. I knew about this place before, but didn't check it out until I purchased a deal on living social. And I am so glad I did! 

Went in for the first time last week. They had two flavors of vegan gelato, six flavors of sorbet (which is also non dairy) and I think they had one or two flavors of vegan soft serve, among other dairy based flavors of gelato and soft serve. I opted for both flavors of the vegan gelato. The guy working the counter was really nice. He told us they rotate the flavors about once a month, so they always have something different. The flavors I got this day were pistachio and amaretto chocolate. Both were really good. And I have had REAL gelato before. Like the kind in Italy. And these were just as good. I wont say better because nothing beats Italian gelato, but these were definitely the best vegan gelato I have ever had. I went back a couple of days later and they had a third flavor of gelato out, spicy chocolate. It was definitely spicy. There is no way I could ever eat an entire cup of it. But it was good for a couple bites. I am excited to go back in a few weeks to see what new flavors they have.
Went to check out this new treat place and was completely impressed.....I was like "Oh hell ya, vegan gelato!!!!"

Frank helped us out, offering us samples and letting us know what he puts in the gelatos to make them. I chose a bit of the Pistachio Soy Gelato and Chocolate Soy Amaretto. There wasn't a bit left in the bowl after 5 minutes. 

I am going to be gaining some pounds over the summer. I can already tell.
Smooth, rich, flavorful.... vegan?  I was a bit doubtful about trying soy gelato (soy-lato?), but after trying the spicy chocolate, I was hooked.  I had a mix of the chocolate soy and a regular mixed berry, and while both were very good, the mixed berry was a bit more icy rather than smooth.  The spicy chocolate was very rich, smooth, and had great spicy flavor.  I could not taste any real "soy" flavor either, which was nice.  They have a diverse selection of flavors, including sugar free selections.  Definitely a great place to get dessert!
Learned about this place from Group-on.  Very friendly service.  The absolute, very best pistachio gelato that I have ever eaten.. In my life... and I am old.. So that tells you that is very good.  New favorite "Chill" place in the valley!
Reasonably priced compared to most yogurt places, but yogurt had a weird taste, like it was on the edge of spoiling....yuck.
Got a quart, and the person at the counter (I think she was the owner) was so sweet and friendly.  She tried to pack as much gelato as she could in my quart, and let me sample as many flavors as I wanted.  I am in love with the spicy chocolate, pistachio, and mango flavor!  Upgrade to 5 stars!
I'm a big Chill fan.  It's got delicious gelato with some options for sugar free and other special diet needs, fresh fruit, and everything you need.  Yummy.  Fun and friendly customer service.  Wishin you luck in this newer location, dudes!  I'll be back and so will my friends, again and again!
I was at the Arizona Mills Mall and came across this icky gelato cart and thought  "Hey, there HAS to be some GOOD gelato close by here. After all I AM in the desert!!"  So...I yelped it and off I went to find Chill. 
Well, I just returned from this place. They get 5 stars for everything!!! I had a hard time deciding what to get because it was all so dang good!! I must of had a dozen samples to try to figure out what I wanted. The owner served me and told me "Well, you can get three different ones if you'd like!" So I did!!  =)
She had a 30% off coupon if you use Yelp so that was a nice added bonus. I just took the 30% off we saved and tossed it into the tip jar. The next time I am back in the Phoenix area I will definitely stop by. =)
Very good gelato. Counter staff is super helpful and friendly.
Great gelato and amazing sorbet!  Owners are super friendly and a great place to have dessert.
I love Chill! The people behind the counter are very nice. The prices are great. The gelato is delicious. Try Dark Chocolate and Peanut Butter together, Oh my!
Good gelato, excellent service. He was very helpful and offered many samples!
Great place for gelatine.  Frank is awesome, so is all the other staff.  Everyone is friendly, they offer samples and suggestions and now they even have a way to save money while there!  I heart Chill!
Yes! My partner and I just visited today and woo hoo!

When I first walked in I only saw two options that said "soy" and so I was a little bit disappointed by the selection. When it was our turn to try samples, she explained that everything on the left side was vegan. My face must've lit up, because she gave us both a smile. Really? You mean I don't have to just go with one option and pretend I'm excited about it?

 I first tried the Almond Soy and oh my god was it creamy. Reminded me of real ice cream. Next I tried their Soy Spamoni. Now whoa. I cannot even describe to you the dance my mouth had. It was all kinds of amazing.

My partner went with the regular Coffee flavored ice cream and was equally impressed. We both got our gelato on the cake cones and she layered two huge scoops for a little over $2. Wa-wa-wee-wah! Oh, and one of the best parts is that their gelato is homemade. Honestly, what could be better than that?

Take my advice, try it here at Chill. I doubt you'll be disappointed.
This is all you need to know:
- AWESOME and friendly family owned business
- NON-DAIRY gelato that consists of non-fruit flavors... yes, you heard me correct, non-dairy gelato with non-fruit flavors!! 
- NON-DAIRY frozen yougurt
- NON-DAIRY shakes
- NON-DAIRY root beer floats

So yeah, go there, support this business.
Yum! Options for everyone, including soy and sorbet. Awesome local ice cream/gelato shop. Don't miss out on this gem.

So glad it moved south to Southern and McClintock!
HOORAY FOR AWESOME DAIRY-FREE SOFT-SERVE!

Recently, I went to Chill for a post-dinner treat with some friends. I was amazed at the dairy-free options and how *great* everything tasted.  Like most gelato places, Chill is eager to give you samples to help you decide what to get.  If you're    I got the vanilla soy soft-serve, a perfect and simple end to the day.
I was on a search last night to find a vegan ice cream spot for a friend that wasn't frozen yogurt, and stumbled upon Chill!  This place has an awesome selection of both vegan and non-vegan gelato, root beer floats, toppings and more.  Much more than your standard ice cream spot.  The service was friendly and we both really enjoyed our selections; me the mint chocolate chip/dark chocolate, friend the mango.  

We were expecting the typical couple of scoops so both went for the large...go large at your own risk because they pack it in there!!!  I was on gelato overload by the time I was done but it was so so good I couldn't stop eating it!  

A good amount of seating inside, a nice place to hang out for your after dinner dessert or on a hot Phoenix day.  Enjoy!!!
Chill is amazing! I have recently become very lactose-intolerant and I miss grabbing fro-yo and gelato with my friends. Then I found Chill through a WeeklyPlus deal, and all I can say is WOW. They have the most non-dairy options I have ever seen at a gelato/froyo place, period! My favorites are spumoni and mango. Oh, mango. As silly as it sounds, Chill has the hands-down mango-iest mango gelato I have ever tasted. So delicious! 

The guy who owns the place is very friendly and you can try as many flavors as you like -- which is great if you're super indecisive like me. They have free WiFi and plenty of outlets for hanging out while you're enjoying your delicious treats. I will definitely be back here regularly. Can't wait to try the soy soft-serve!
They were kind and opened a few minutes early for us and another customer!

The staff was really friendly and invited us to sample all we wanted, of course our son's eyes lit up and we had to explain what "sample all you want" meant.  Our son thought he had hit the Gelato Jackpot!

Chill has some really great flavors to choose from, we enjoyed Spumoni, Creme Brulee, Birthday Cake and Chocolate.  We did sample the Pistachio and Mango too.

We were excited to grab some great gelato and service with a genuine smile.  We'll be back for more "samples"!
I went to Chill because I saw the good review on happycow and was VERY impressed! Their non-dairy and vegan options are amazing and the lady behind the counter was very helpful! Try the peanut butter soy gelato it is to die for! I am going to come back soon!!!!! Best dessert price!
First off, I enjoy going to family own businesses and this was no exception.  The owner was very friendly, telling us about all the various products he has and how they are made.  However, as much as I wanted to like this place, I have to say their gelato doesn't taste as rich and flavorful as other places.  Maybe my taste buds were having an off night but I will give them another try.
The only word i can use to describe this little hole in the wall is WOW. First i have to say that i have a soft spot for locally owned places with homemade offerings. This place's gelato is simply out of this world, i had a pint of half mango and half berries....both sugar free/vegan gelatos. I could go on and on on how rich and unspoiled these flavors were but i will let all of you make that decesion when you go there. So in this summer's heat head there you wont be one bit dissapointed!!
Traveling through Arizona on a hot summer night, I needed to cool down with some froyo.  And I was staying near this place and decided to try it out.  What great service, and a great selection of both dairy and soy based gelatos.  I swear they let me try one of every flavor and I ended up getting a variety.  Some of them were a bit too sweet, but I loved the Mango with the blueberries on top.   The people working there were very very friendly.   I hope this business does well.  And remember to check in on Yelp when you get there for an extra percentage off.  At least that was going on when I was there.
If you haven't tried CHILL before.... PLEASE DO Southern/McClintock!!!! Favorite thing on the menu is the Chill Beri Fo Yo, topped with raspberries and strawberry sauce!!! All I can say is YUM!!!!!!! My boyfriend loves the Red Velvet Flavor Gelato as well, def in my top 5 of flavors. Due mix the peanut butter gelato with Nutella gelato. Tastes like an amazing peanut butter cup!!!! I would give it 10 stars if I could!!!!
08/31/11

Stumbled onto Chill while exploring the area before settling down for dinner (at Lobby's).  The clerk here was friendly and accommodating w/ sample requests.  After dinner, I came back and ordered a cup of three flavors: dark chocolate, chocolate sugar-free, and panna cotta.  I was delighted w/ all of them!  Surprisingly, my favorite of the three flavors I'd ordered was the one I had not sampled beforehand, the sugar-free chocolate.  

I definitely will be back!

Psst!  Don't forget to take a loyalty card w/ you, as she may forget to mention it!
Good gelato place, but lacks traditional Italian flavors that I've grown to expect from a gelato place.  Very friendly staff and the location is nice, too.
I love the new spot that Chill has moved to. It does kind of take away from the coziness being that it's much larger but they provide much more than they did before. I love it. If I'm in a mood gelato, Chill is the place I go and recommend.
Chill is amazing! The gelato is amazing and so are the dairy-free choices! Sandy is so kind and welcoming and very well trained in the art of making gelato! The prices are also incredible! Be sure to try the cake batter flavor!
the best...ever...gelato-wise. super nice people too, they opened a bit late for me and a group of 7.
The gelato is top notch. Really great flavors. Maybe I just had bad luck with the server but she didn't know how to make a malt, she even said that she thought a malt and a shake were the same thing and I had to tell her how to make it, and to top it off she used way too much milk, not enough gelato and so it was more like a chocolate milk than it was a malt.
This place makes some of the best vegan gelato/ice cream I've had. If you're vegan, skip the (kinda gross) soy froyo, and eat one of the gelatos. The service was super friendly and all the gelatos were super tasty. I had a big scoop of peanut butter soy gelato. It was by far the best peanut butter based ice cream I've ever had.
I found this place because of a coupon at ASU, and boy do I feel lucky.
This is honestly the best gelato store I've found.
The owners are the cutest couple, and I chatted with the wife for a while, and learned just how passionate she is about making new, exciting, and delicious gelato. And she is very good at it.
The favorite flavors I've stumbled upon so far are Creme Brulee and Birthday Cake, but I've also seen wonderful things like Nutella, and orange creme. The let you try multiple samples if you want, they rotate in new flavors often, they have dairy free, the putter butter vegan goodness :P

Plus, the price is really right. I'm a low college budget, but they have various sizes, great coupons, and great deals. Like, fridays are college days so all college kids get a discount. I think - you may want to fact check me on that one.

But they really great and I hope they do well! They have a least one loyal customer here! (And all the friends I drag along)
Holy cow, this place has some really tasty gelato. Super creamy and so rich that you only need a tiny cup to be completely satisfied.

Bonus: plenty soy gelato choices for your vegan friends. Everyone will be happy at Chill!
CLOSED.

Sadly.

As of 10-27-2011, CLOSED FOR BUSINESS.  

The Basha's in their strip closed, and that wiped out a lot of their business.

Too Bad.  Nice people, selling a great product the right way.  Darn.
Best yogurt and gelato I've had. Non vegan options are delicious, vegan options are delicious. Really friendly staff. My new go to ice cream shop.
Create is a new burger place on West Lake Mead off the freeway, in the same lot as the Wild Oats. I stopped in because it's brand new and looked non-chainy, plus there was the promise of a gourmet burgers + frozen custard. Hard to go wrong with that as your advertisement. When I stopped in I was told they had been open now for five weeks.

The interior space is very open, clean and modern post/diner. Create seems to have hired an entire waitstaff of 'cool drink of water ' girls to take your order. Nice, but points off because I ordered a burger and they forgot to put the order in, thus resulting in me waiting around for twenty minutes with nothing to do but poke at my empty custard cup.

The custard comes in three flavors: vanilla, chocolate and strawberry, with a variety of toppings. I had hot fudge and chocolate chips, and they were very generous with the hot fudge. Plus for that.

The burgers also come in with a bunch of toppings, but I had a pre-made setting: the Modernist. Avocado, mushrooms, tomato and swiss cheese on hawaiian roll. It was delightful and just the right size. I was not fond of how the waitress at the counter tried to upsell me to buy a double or triple patty burger as she claimed it was a 'small portion'.

For Las Vegas, I would say this place is fairly expensive. The food was fine, maybe not rock my world, and needs a bit of smoothing out with the staff. To be honest, I sense trouble for them as the location is literally blocks from an IN-AND-OUT... but maybe if you want avocado on your burger you'd come to Create instead.
For a burger joint in Vegas, its a little pricey. For a burger joint in LA, I'd say it fits right in. 

I've been here once before, but never noticed they had a veggie burger. How did I miss that before? The Abstract kinda sounds gross. When I hear that name in regards to burgers, I think of Spam or a hotdog or some kind of FORMED meat. But the Abstract is their homemade veggie burger with grains and crap. Whoever made the batch that I ate, didn't mix thoroughly. I was hitting chunks of salt left and right. 

Maybe no one else cares, but veggie burgers are a serious affair to me. This veggie burger was meh. But I really appreciate that they're trying to satisfy the vegetarian demographic AND, they're homemade and crap. The inner texture was mushy, but it was super ceded by the crispy fried outside. Like a burger french fry. They also have portobello burgers for the carniphobic. 

They have a lot of add-ons available. Which can be dangerous. You could probably make a $20 burger. 

On my burger, I also got cut greens, provolone, and garlic mayo ... which was not very garlicky. I got the Hawaiian kaiser (like Hawaiian sweet bread, NOT with the intestines). 

My friend got sweet potato fries. They were alright. But the best sweet potato fries I've ever had was at Outside Inn on Charleston and Hualapai. 

My friend ordered the third size up in burgers. The smallest was the mini, then the something, then the majestic, I think. Anyways, it really wasn't that big. Like the diameter was the same size as that of the bun, but it was thick. 

The frozen custard. Luv It is now the yard stick by which I measure all other frozen custards (which will be henceforth referred to as: frotards). Create's was not as heavy, BUT it was also not as smooth ... until it melted. Their ratio of egg to milk was probably more milk, I'm guessing. It was more like ice cream than frotard, I think. They have a good variety of topping, though. 

If you dine in, after you pay for your junk, they give you a number to put on your table and they run the food to you when its ready, like Jason's Deli. 

This place is dangerously close to In-n-Out, Chipotle, and the Golden Spoon. And i would hardly call these burgers gourmet. 

* off the strip, non-casino
After reading the other review, i am wondering if some of those people were even at the same place.  Pricey?  NO WAY!  My friend and i go here at least once a week since they opened.  Aside from the food being amazing the prices are great!  Not much more than In-n-Out, but for the extra dollar or so you may pay its well worth it!  The fries actually taste good, and the meat is actually cooked.  I like my burger well done, and this is the first place i have ever gone to where i dont need to ask them to burn it to then get a medium well burger.  Their meat is genuinely good, and cooked to perfection.  Everything is really fresh.  The staff and owner are so nice and welcoming (as they know us by now).  The custard is also great, we buy the pints sometimes for home.  We have brought all of our friends and family here and everyone loves it!  I love the decor and atmosphere!  last but not least, they are extremely eco friendly which i am all about!
Burger fanatics and fresh salad lovers beware! This place is right on the money. Total customization of the food, the freshest ingredients  and friendly staff. Choose your size, choose your bun, your toppings and your sauces. The sauces are killer and they have many choices for your to get lost in deciding. The trick is not to feel rushed, the menu itself does not that have that many pre-selected choices so start with what you want and customize!
I absolutely love this place!  My favorite thing about it is the variety - especially the fact that they have two vegetarian choices (such a rarity!) - the Abstract and a portabella burger.  The owner and staff are all extremely friendly.  There hasn't been a time that I've gone when the owner doesn't stop by the table to make sure everything was to our liking.
Good burgers. Fantastic, friendly service. An owner who cares about his customer's experiences. And some crazy burger selections! Can't ask for much more in a burger joint. I prefer the regular french fries over the sweet potato fries.
Really wanted to find a new place for dinner and gladly stumbled upon this little gem. So used to driving up and down Lake Mead asking my girlfriend, Wendys? In-N-Out? etc... I was worried about the prices initially because of the gourmet label, but we each got a 1/3 lb burger + combo for under 15 dollars. Add dessert to share and it was still under $20.

I hate walking up to a counter at a new place and looking stupid by not knowing what to order, but the menu is away from the counter so you have time to customize your burger if you so choose, without holding up the line or saying uhhh...

Nice little area outside to eat, and the weather right now is perfect in the evening. They bring your food out to you in a reasonable time, faster than most quick sit down eateries. Even though we sat outside the counter girl, guy who brought our food, and even the owner made a special visit each just to chat and ask if we needed anything / if the food was to our liking. 

Food was excellent, exceeding our expectations and left us wondering why we always go to fast food drive thru's. The burger was cooked thoroughly and was REAL, non-greasy and tasteful. The texture is almost like handmade but I did not inquire. Girlfriends turkey burger was also an A+. Fresh cut fries were on point, will have to try the others some other time. Like I mentioned this was our first trip so I didn't want to try anything too different for my comfort. 

Dessert was ridiculous, we usually have sonic and the Create 'custard' blew them out of the water. Strawberries and nuts were mixed throughout, every bite was great, most places have toppings that you never taste halfway in. 

We also ended up staying over 30 minutes passed closing but didn't get kicked/locked out, or rushed.

Good service / friendly staff
Great food and selections to customize so possibilities are endless
(you can pick meat/turkey/veggie, bread, sauce, etc)
Extremely happy to have another choice, which is now at the top of the list! Will be back many times I'm sure and will tell or bring EVERYONE!!
i thought the burgers here were very yummy.

i like picking thru all teh different toppings and sauces, and thought my combo was pretty good.

service was very nice for a fast food place
I seem to be on a burger kick lately and looked forward to trying Create.

Like Cheeburger Cheeburger which I recently visited for the first time, Create challenges you to...well... Create your own burger. With plenty of cheeses and toppings to choose from, as well as a choice of buns, there should be something for everyone here. Where I tip the cap to Create, however, is that they do have a few "pre-Created" (?) burgers on the menu for those that aren't feeling creative.

I went with the Impressionist, which had jalapenos, spicy mayo and pepper jack cheese.  Overall, a tasty burger, although I felt it could have been warmer (temp wise, not spicy wise). Not sure if the toppings may have cooled it off some.

Since I'd just been to Cheeburger Cheeburger, I kept comparing the two burgers and had to say that I like the Cheeburger Cheeburger burger a little better. 

The sweet potatoes fries were actually a little too sweet, but I loved the regular fries.

Never having had frozen custard before I went with two scoops: the flavor of the day, Cake Batter, and Chocolate.  WOW.  The frozen custard just blew my mind and my stomach is still happy.

Service was super friendly and helpful.  And the prices were quite reasonable. More $$ than fast food but certainly less than other area burger specialty restaurants.

The burning question - Would I go back? The frozen custard tipped my answer to YES.  My burger tip: Create your own with a couple toppings and go for the 1/3 pound. I bet that would have increased my enthusiasm on the burger.

When I go back and get Creative with my own burger, I'll update my review.
I dont tend to eat out too often, but some of my friends introduced me to Create and i fell in love. I've never been anywhere that i didn't feel bad asking them to hold the tomatoes or put a little extra mayonaisse on my burger, but here, with the option to create your own burger, they're asking you to customize your own burger! Yes you do have the option to order a burger that they've already got on the menu, but even then the burger isn't made until you order it. BIG thumbs up on that one.

On to the frozen custard. I've never had it in Vegas, but since i found it at Create i rarely eat ice cream anymore. The prices are great and the custard is definitely worth it.

I was pleasantly surprised to be met by the owner when i went. It made me feel far more welcome than other restaurants i've visited in the past. The staff aside was extremely friendly and helped me during my decision making process for the burger i ordered.

Create is really close to my house and now i plan on going there each sunday after church. I strongly encourage you to go and try it!!!!
After going here for lunch I think Rose O.'s review is spot on. The food was in the 4-5 star range, but the service was in the 2 star range.

One day at lunch I noticed that some guys had come back from a new burger place because of the amazing looking sweet potatoes fries I saw them chomping on. I asked them where they got it and they said Create. I had seen the place open up a while back, but never stopped in to check it out. After "sampling" a few fries I decided I would look the place up. When I found out they had a couple of vegetarian dishes I was sold.

The next time I went out to lunch with a group from work we figured we would go here. There were a number of us going so we had to take several cars. I hit the gas so we could be the first in line, and first we were. Unfortunately we were the last to get our food and head back to work. That's where the 2 star service comes in. Apparently one of the cashiers made a mistake and had to ring the order up as pickup order.  So we sit around waiting for 20 minutes wondering where the food is and when we ask it was sitting in the kitchen the whole time!

Normally I would give them the benefit of the doubt because mistakes sometimes happen, but after reading Rose O.'s review of the place I have a feeling that mistakes are a common occurrence rather than a one off affair.
Well Create is a good name for this joint. Get a kick out of some of these reviews bitchin about the service. Hey it's just a burger counter where you order and they bring it out when done. More service than the average burger joint. The choices are endless..from the bun to the meat (turkey & veggie) and toppings and and and.... ...... Felt like a fool the first time I went.  Too many choices, but loved the Portabello Burger. Yummy with a zesty mayo. I liked the sweet potato fries too, but they are a bit on the sweet side.  Frozen custard was a new and moving experience. In n Out is across the street, so my husband goes there and I go for a more refined burger across the street at Create. I can't get over the time I ordered a vegi burger at In N Out and they gave me a bun with lettuce and tomato. WAAAAAAH!
Ok, my second time here was much, much better. My first review was not too kind, however the owner of this establishment if passionate about what he offers and I can appreciate that.
First off the service is great. Friendly and fast. Period.
This time around I ordered the 1/3 pound burger, probably a better choice and not prone to overcooking. The meat was very good, well prepared and presented nicely. I had a cheeseburger, and trust me, with the choices they offer you could make a burger a mile high with toppings but I wanted to keep it basic and it was a good choice. The bun (another key component to a great burger) was perfect. My girlfriend had a 1/3 pounder as well, with the Hawaiian bun and said it was very tasty as well.
The fries seemed of the home cut style, not super crispy but taste great and a great side with the burgers.
For the finale we did try the custard. VERY tasty stuff here, creamy, dense and rich. A great way to finish off a great meal. 
Congrats to a burger place that can do it right!
This is the kind of locally owned business that I like to support. The friendly owner has always been around every time that I've eaten here. The staff is cool and seem to enjoy their work. The food is excellent and you can tell that a lot of care was taken when creating the menu. You can either create your own burger or select one of the specials which are creative and taste excellent. The custard is also outstanding as it is made on property. I have introduced many people to this restaurant and all have been impressed.
Ya know what?  This place was really good.  I ordered the Impressionist. It was a spicy burger with jalepenos and spicy jack cheese.  The burger was cooked perfectly.  I ordered it medium.  I ordered onions rings and got a drink as part of the combo.  The total came to $8.10.  Not bad for what you get.  The burger itself would get a four star.  I felt it should have had more flavor than just jalapenos.  What made this a five star was the onion rings.  There were crunchy, not hard and full of flavor.  Even though I seemed to be the only person in the restaurant who ordered the rings, I thought they were fantastic.  I will be back again to try a different burger and will stick with the rings.
Came her for dinner one night and had a very good meal.  Have been to several of the gourmet burger restaurants in Las Vegas and this is a very good neighborhood focused one.

Burgers are very good, heavy on the toppings, and side sauces are also very good and very varied.  Good french fries as well, and the sweet potato fries are excellent, crispy (as sweet potato fries can sometimes be soggy in my experience.)

My child had a kids meal which was very good and a good value (cheesburger, fries and a small frozen custard with a topping.)

I thought the service was very good - owner/manager took our order, and staff was very nice.  Was on a somewhat quiet sat. night.  My child tipping the girl taking orders and she was very grateful.

Got to talking to the owner, he knew his business well, and is also a former east coaster (I think he was from Brooklyn.)  Had a nice conversation, and he even brought us a complimentary sample of his frozen custard special flavor of the day (coffee - it was very good).

Recommended for a reasonably priced family restaurant with some interesting choices.
I love Create. We lived for a while close by for a while and have been going since it opened. 

I LOVE frozen custard and freaked when I saw them put the sign up and it is good! First few times just came for custard....so simple but its a great thing. Creamy, much denser and silkier than ice cream. Usually an east coast thing that has finally come to this coast. Yays!

Got hungry on another visit and we decided to try the burgers and they were yummy! I like that they have different sized burgers and many signature flavors, or you can customize so options are endless. It's been pretty juicy and nicely cooked each time. Good fries, sweet and regular fries, and onion rings are decent. We've gotten so many combos since, and all have been good.  We go pretty big with our burgers so they are juicy and still pink....I think thats the secret to make the burgers here better. 

The owner Lance is a cool guy and seems really humble and is excited about his place. He likes having us try new flavors when we come in. When he's not there- he has some teens working the counter and the service is okay with just them but typical of highschoolers to not really care as much but hey it's not tableside dining so I don't really mind it- theyre just grabbing my order. Lance remembers us and has asked us on some feedback on previous things we've ordered and it's pleasant to chit chat with him. He says hi to many people who drop in and it's just so nice to see someone care about the people who come in.

This is the kind of business owner I give kudos to and want to support! We're loyal fans.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while and finally did today.  Very disappointed.

It took a long time to take an order.  Both registers were going and there were about 5 people in front of me but was almost 10 mins to place my order.  Not sure what was going on.

The restaurant was very loud and it was too windy to eat outside so I decided to make my order to go.  I ordered a medieval burger (bacon cheeseburger with BBQ sauce) and fries to go.  Fries were ok.  Definitely fresh potatoes, which is nice to see, but they were quite limp.  I would have liked to see them double fried so they were more on the crisp side.

The burger was horrible and lacked flavor.  The meat was cooked medium but was very quite dry and bland.  Bacon was quite crispy, too much so for my liking, and the bun was gummy.  To be honest, it tasted like a poorly made Western Bacon Cheeseburger from Carl's Jr. but cost twice as much.

Given all the 4 and 5 star reviews I'm willing to give this place another shot.  Maybe when it's less busy.
I have been visiting this place since it opened and am consistently pleased. Their menu consists of a few pre-made burgers but the draw to the place is the option to make your burger however you want! The options you have here for your burger is pretty ridiculous. I often bite off more then I can chew and get a huge burger just how I ordered it! The variety of toppings and sauces you can get make you options almost limitless here. If you decided to make it a combo you can have your choice of a salad, French fries or sweet potato fries. The owner of the place is almost always there and willing to talk to you. They have a consistently friendly staff of cute younger girls. As with many places sometimes it is over busy and understaffed but usually expect you food about 5-10mins after you order. Overall the price is reasonable and the staff is friendly. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good burger!
I've heard so much about Create from my snowshoeing buds who hit it on their way back from Mt Chuck that when my running friend called me one night wanting to get some grub, I knew exactly where I wanted to go...since she lived right around the corner from the store, it's only right that I choose a spot near her home, right?  

So we walk in. There is ample parking in the strip mall lot, the facade is clean and neat.   Sufficient seating for around 50 patrons???  Guessing...Clean inside, bathrooms are clean.  There is a  process for ordering, so if this is your first foray into burger paradise, don't be nervous; they are there to help and will do so with a smile and zero, zip, nada attitude.  There are three resources you can use for your order preparation.  A sandwich board upon entering, strategically placed to your right as you enter the front door.  There is a menu board above and behind the counter and then you can pick  up a paper menu and fill out a check list to place your order.  However, I believe the boards have more ingredients listed, so you can write in your selected ingredients.  

Several bread selections as well as lettuce wrapped options are available.  My friend, she got the Portabello wrapped in lettuce and a side salad that all looked filling and refreshing all at once.  I, however, submitted to my whims and got down with a 1/3 pound Angus burger on the Hawaiian bun, lettuce, tomato, pickles special sauce and the best fries I've had to date.  I heard that that sweet potato fries are rockin' too.  

Can't wait for my next visit to try the highly recommended Turkey burger with the sweet tater fries.

We sampled the Custard and it was AMAZIING!  If I weren't so full from my dinner, I would have had a custard.  Maybe next time.

The staff is nice, the place is clean and the Grub is rockin'.  I'm going back again someday and brining friends with.  

Fighting the urge to go there now.

Chow!
Love it, 4.5 stars.  I have been coming here since it first opened and it's one of my favorite places to eat.  Just a quick recap it's a burger place where you basically pick out exactly what you want on your burger, from the type of lettuce to about 25 different sauces they have, endless.  The meat is tasty and all there different buns are soft and fresh so if you don't like it there is no one to blame but yourself.  They have different size beef patties, turkey, meat free, and portabella caps for you vegitarians or if you are just feeling healthy.  Their fries are OK but there sweet potato fries are real good.  

They have delicious custard too and there flavors change daily.  You can get sundays, shakes, or get the custard with toppings mixed in like coldstone does. 

I talked to the owner a bit when they first opened and he had all kinds of taste tests with friends and family and the end result shows.  The service is real friendly and the owner is always there.     

I think the prices are real cheap, 2 people can have burgers, fries, and sodas for under 20 bucks, good for me.  It's not a fast food place after all.

P.S.  My favorite is the 1/3lb on a hawaiian bun with pepper jack, grilled pineapple, lettuce tomato and red onion, mayo and teriyaki.
Quality and always packed with people.
*Cute/clean atmosphere - Check
*Great value/affordable - Check (some people call this place expensive - but I think $7 for a combo at a "nice" burger place is reasonable)
*Awesome fries and SWEET POTATO fries - Check 
*Cool topping list - Check (pineapple, lots of veggies, tons of sauces, etc)
*Freaking awesome custard - banana was the flavor of the day! We mixed it with caramel and oreos - OMG good.
*Juicy burger - nope

So this is my issue with Create. I ordered a 1/4 lb burger and asked if they could cook it medium. They said no it was too small and would have to be well done. Alright, I don't mind a well done burger (ie I love in and out and their's are certainly small and well done!).  The burger comes out and while it's tasty cause of all the awesome toppings I added to it, the burger itself was very dry. Not only was it very dry it was flavorless. If you're going to make a dry burger at least season it well so it tastes delicious. I'm a huge beef fan and when I eat a burger I'm looking for that certain "j ne se qua" .. the magic.. the beefy goodness that is a burger! In n Out provides that for a freaking $1.29, not sure why they can't get it right here.

Overall : blah burger with awesome toppings. I'm rounding it up from 3 to 4 stars based on the amazing custard and overall decent value.
The service was sub par when I went. By the time I could eat my burger (they forgot an ingredient), the rest of my burger was cold! 

Nonetheless, the burger tasted great when I got home and ate it. 

You are able to customize your own burger via a small clipboard with options you check off. It's about $10 with a drink for a decent sized burger.

They accommodated our group of 12 quite well considering that the place isn't that big, But, customer service was affected... tremendously.

I would probably go back because I am interested in trying out the other creations, but I haven't. I am just not that big of a fan of burgers in general.
I love this place for a burger, which is saying something with an In 'n' Out a block away!  Their staff is very helpful if you want tips on designing one of their special order burgers, or for recommendations on which prebuilt combination is best. 

  The atmosphere is very comfortable and they have a nice HDTV to watch some Impressionist paintings sort of Ken Burns-effect at you while you munch.  Sweet potato fries have been mentioned and for good reason!   Their dessert combos are also really good, but if you order a burger you'll probably be too full to have some ice cream! 

Watch out for the atomic mayo-laden jalapeno burger, it'll nuke your mouth.
Review for Custard only: 
=Chocolate Custard with Strawberries and Bananas - First off the Bananas were not ripe, so it was bitter. I was given a lot of fruits but that had to make up for the lack of custard ( I did not get much a all). The custard was o.k. I guess, not a strong chocolate taste at all ,umm basically it was nothing to remember...
=Vanilla Custard with Sprinkles - The vanilla custard reminded me of soft serve ice cream ( I don't care for soft serve) and how can you go wrong with sprinkles?
For two small custards it took a real long time for the young lady to prepare these. Sherridan's in Henderson is way better!!!
Crowded when we walked in. First time there so didn't know what was going on. I saw people with clip boards so I took one too... Ordered our burgers. The paper said to try the house sauce, but no reference was made as to how it would taste...sweet? Tangy? Spicy? Who knows, didn't try it. 2 adults 1 child...food took close to an hour to come out. My husband asked the girl for ranch dressing when she brought out our food... She tells my husband to use the ranch that was with my food...WTF? What if I didn't want to share that small dish of ranch? What if I want to double dip! Really?! 
Burgers are ok. Toppings make the burger. Sweet potato French fries are really good! My kid's meal came with custard... Not bad. But who messes up chocolate? I was comparing to smashburger down the street.... I think I like the friendly and fast service at smashburger.... Really nice down the way.
Just tried Create tonight on a date with the hubby.  Great place to build your own burger and custard sundaes!  Too many choices for me, so I opted for the pre-designed option:  The Abstract Burger (veggie) made Renaisance-style (provolone, pineapple, onion, tomato, terriyaki sauce) on a Hawaiian bun with sweet potato fries.  Yum!  Next time I'd like to try the Portobello burger...and opt for a wheat bun and maybe get a little more creative with toppings, but the combinations are endless...

The options for the custard is just as abundant!  Candy, nuts, berries, sauces...and of course the pre-set combos.  I tried the Berriesoho sundae in a cone...strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, whipped cream, and vanilla custard.  I think it was the first time someone asked for a sundae in a cone, but it worked.  The only problem was that it was melting faster than I could eat it, but still very yum!

Great place for ppl who like choices and want to be creative.  The people who work there are very friendly and the place is kept clean.  It's a little too pricey for me to be a "regular" place to eat, but I will definitely go back again.
What can I say? This place makes you create any burger you want, you get any toppings, sauces, cheese, and hey you even get to pick your own bun or you can even get it protein style! 

The place is nice and clean. lots of parking, and the staff is friendly. So I totally recommend this place if your craving for a burger.
I've ate here 2 times within 5 days it is so good! 1st time I tried the create your own with the veggie patty and it was excellent. Even when I knew I was full I couldn't stop eating till it was all gone. 2nd time I got the Impressionist with a Portobello mushroom instead of a beef patty, OMG it was awesome. Plus I got a side of onion rings which where just perfect. They where crispy and made perfectly. I suggest everyone go give them a try, totally worth it!
Delightful!  Hubby is from Wisconsin and cries that we don't have a Kopp's (http://www.kopps.com) here.  Well, this was the closest we have been here.  The burgers were really good and he got to get custard, as well.  Still not Kopp's, but close enough that we will drive from Henderson to Summerlin again when we have a desire to eat quality burgers.
Wonderful food with fantastic service! I loved the frozen custard and the burger was great too. 
Only cons= no trash cans, as this is a place where the staff takes care of you and clears the tables for you after eating. This is only a problem if you don't know this and walk from corner to corner in the restaurant looking for a trash can. Also, sometimes this place can be a ZOO with unruly children running amok, this is not the restaurant's fault just the rude parents who visit with their undisciplined children.
An easy 5-stars for me!  Just about any burger finickiness anyone can have will be satisfied here, and the people working here genuinely seem happy to help you in every way.  One of the girls working the counter took the time to patiently walk my 7 and 9 year-olds through the clipboard menu, where they mark off their choices (size, type of bun, toppings, sauces, etc.).  Another guy helped my wife review every type of burger that was offered while standing at the big stand-up menus.  And it didn't stop there.

After bringing our food to the table, one or more of the people working the counter or bringing food out would consistently (but not disruptively) glance over to see how we were doing, and somehow, would know when the time was right to ask if we needed anything.  I also noticed that when a party vacated a booth, it took about 5 seconds before someone came over and did a thorough cleaning job on the table.  The place is spotless and visually very pleasing in every way.

The food?  Well...consider that it's located 1/4 miles east of an In 'n Out Burger and 1/4 west of a SmashBurger...and it was crowded at 8:30 p.m. on Monday night, that says more than anything I could say!

Oh...and unlike the other 2 places, a half hour after devouring my burger and yummy frozen custard, I was *pleasantly* full.  If I had eaten at the other places, I would've been looking for a bathroom!!

*Create* definitely is doing something right, and I only hope even more people discover this place!  If you ask my 9 year old, she would say it's the place that looks like a T-Mobile or Cricket cell phone store (from the outside, it has the bright lime green neon graphics!!).  But much better eats here than an Android phone!  Go check it out  for yourself!!

PS - How Heidi Knapp Rinella of the LVRJ could give Smashburger an A- overall and Create a B, I'll never know!  Maybe Smashburger has the "nostalgia factor" working for it, but unfortunately, the excess grease in Smash's burgers is probably the most nostalgic element, considering how burgers were made back in the 60's and 70's (and yes, I was there).
So, I've been into burgers lately and trying to find different places who will serve me a giant-honking beef patty that'll satisfy my preggo appetite.  Me and the hubby it up Create on a Tuesday night, an hour before closing.  I was happy that the place wasn't completely empty, a few people here and there, because that always makes me feel awkward having the staff watch you eat because there's nothing else for them to do.

The hubby and I decided to take the option to make our own burgers.  He got a 1/3 pound (majestic) to be cooked medium well, with Hawaiian bread, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, grilled pineapple, and green leaf lettuce with teriyaki sauce.  I got a 1/2 pound (monarch) to be cooked medium, with a lettuce wrap, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, grilled onions and a fried egg ($.55 extra) with the garlic mayo (highly recommended by the cashier, he said he eats everything with it).  We both got combos, hubby decided on sweet potato fries and I got a side salad (salad is an extra $.99).

We found a booth, had a sat, and waited for our food.  It actually didn't take too long, but they mixed-up our orders a bit, the wrong sides for the wrong burgers.  Not a big deal, we just asked for a extra plate (that took about 5 minutes) and then got down and dirty into our meat patties.  They both looked really good, but the burgers were well overly cooked.  The burgers got the crap cooked outta them (well done + an extra 5 minutes), but they still had a bit meat juice left in them.  I felt the beef itself was missing something...oh flavor!  It didn't seem like they season the meat, which is a shame.  At a place that is serving strictly burgers (yes, I know they have custard too, but we didn't try any this time around), I tend not to season it and let the burger speak for itself.  The garlic mayo is way overwhelming by itself, like a punch in the face with a garlic bulb, but on the burger it seemed to have mellowed out and was really yummy.  It helped my dried out burger taste better.  The side salad was just some chopped lettuce with tomatoes, cucumber, and some dried out carrot grated on top, nothing to get excited about and I'm still wondering if it was worth paying the extra $1 for.

The hubby liked his burger and his fries, he does have a very large sweet tooth.  I didn't get a taste of it, but he said he enjoyed it and did notice the overcooked burger.  A little surprising because he normally doesn't comment on things like that so it wasn't just me being crazy picky preggers lady!

When we were there, we weren't the only ones having overcooked cow problems.  There was another couple that complained and I'm pretty sure they made them a new order.  I was way too hungry to send it back after a taste and wait for another one.  Baby would have been pissed to tease her with food and then wait for it to come back.  My insides would have been bruised.

Overall, the jury is still out if we'll go back for burgers, but we will probably try the custard sometime in the future.
Our first visit was great! Good burgers, good service. We'll definitely be back!
Absolutely a fantastic idea to pair hamburgers and frozen yogurt!! 
We came here on the 4th of July weekend to fill our hamburger cravings. I like the fact you can create (as the name implies) your own hamburgers, more so the fixings than the patty itself. It's great how they have a variety of buns, toppings and endless sauces to go on the side. The fries also come in regular or sweet potato versions. I always go with the latter. 
No complaints here just good food. After eating my entire hamburger and fries, I ordered the Smithsonian Masterpiece: 4 scoops of vanilla frozen custard, chocolate syrup, caramel, nuts and whip cream. It was overkill. I could not control my need to super size everything and fat out. 
My only suggestion is to limit the desert or you may be lethargic for the rest of the day! 
By the way the staff is so friendly and attentive. A + for that.
Create is on my list of "reasons I should have moved to Summerlin instead of Henderson"  Hopefully Create will be removed from the list soon, there is a store on Eastern in the works but the word from my latest visit was"money is tight".  Understandable, just know that if you build it they will come!  For now this is our only detour off 95 when we go to Charleston for the day.  Easy 5 star~
I totally love to create, and Create is the best place to do it.  After countless drive by's and wonderment, I decided to pop in a few days ago and try it out for lunch.  This is one of those places where it's your fault if your burger tastes like crap because you choose your toppings.  I think that's fantastic!  After all, what's not fun about making a crazy burger and trying it out?

Since it was our first time we took a few suggestions from the dude behind the counter and went with the hawaiian bun (it's like Hawaiian bread, sweet and yellowish), and I went for a fried egg, mushroom, roasted peppers and provolone cheese.  My boyfriend went for something quite similiar.  We ordered some sweet potato fries on the side and sat down with our number.  

The burger itself is great.  I love the texture and flavor of the meat.  On top of that, their toppings are good and make it fun to eat.  What I really enjoyed here was dessert--their concrete.  I love custard now and will order it here whenever I crave it.  Our first experience with custard was their berry concrete: vanilla custard with berries mixed in and topped with a nice heap of whipped cream.  It was yummy.  

Overall, great experience and definitely a joint I'll return to often.
I think this place is awesome!  We stopped in for a snack and I have to admit, I made a monstrosity of a burger when it came time to do so.  I had the intention of making a small burger to satisfy my burger craving so I went for a 1/4 lb patty.  All of a sudden I saw this list of ingredients and before I knew it my snack turned into a what was almost a fork and knife situation.  They had a lot of my favorite toppings and the end result was a burger consisting of attributes from breakfast, lunch and dinner.  And even after all that it was still cheaper than any other burger of I've had of it's caliber.

I love berries and I love vanilla.  They sell frozen custard here and one of the selections consisted of the previously mentioned ingredients.  I can't remember the name of the concoction but I'll be sure to get it the next time I stop in.  

The staff was pleasant and helpful and the restaurant was clean.  I would definitely come back for another burger and tasty frozen treat.
If not for Groupon, I'd never have tried this place.

Sure, they have some pre-constructed burgers for you to choose from, but the fun and the sheer amount of time deciding between all of the customizable options is what this place is about.  It seriously took me and the girlfriend 20 m to decide how to construct each of our burgers.

Part of the problem was that there are no samples or pictures for you to review.  That would have helped immensely.  The pictures for the add-ons and some samples of the various sauces would have been good.  Or just have all the sauces available for you to just pump yourself.  That would've been fine too.  It was kinda fun constructing the burger though.

The burgers did take a bit on the longer side to come out.  But they were nicely cooked and tasty.  The sweet potato fries I ordered were good, not great.  The onion rings were massive.  Also tried to follow up with the chocolate frozen custard, but they were out so we settled for the vanilla custard with caramel and fresh cut strawberries - nice!

Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here.  Also, the nice young server by the name of Spencer was a pleasure to interact with.  I overheard her boss tell an old couple to ask her to show them her "guns."  And she did.  She works out folks and she packs Smith & Wesson!
Checked this place out on a Friday night around 730PM.  We had a BOGO Combo coupon from the Entertainment Book.  Thought it was going to be pretty busy, but it was only about 2/3 full when we got there and about 1/2 full when we left.  It's a little confussing as to how to get your order in and the large menu to read is in a weird place.  We actually didn't notice it until we were leaving.

Went with the make-it-yourself burgers.  His: 1/2LB patty with just about any/every topping he liked and regular fries.  He liked it, but did comment that it probably wasn't the best combo of toppings (his bad for not thinking it through).  It did get really messy though, and had to finish it up with a fork and knife.  Mine: 1/4LB patty with mostly veggies, wrapped in lettuce (more like sandwiched with 2 large lettuce leaves) with sweet potato fries (tasty-  tossed with cinnamon and brownsugar).  Total, with the coupon, came to about $12- 2 burgers, 2 fries, 2 drinks.  They do charge extra for sweet potato fries ($.60 I think), and for premium toppings (like avocado, bacon, sauteed mushrooms, etc).

Overall, the burgers were tasty and filling.  As mentioned, the toppings kind of overpower the meat, but that was fine with us.  You can go as basic or as intricate as you want.  There are a ton of toppings to choose from which makes for a very neat concept, but I think I'd try SmashBurger down the street, before giving this place another shot.
A burger sounds like a simple thing.
Oh...but it can be such a wonderful thing. Create does a mean burger...you could want a kitchen sink on it and low and behold you will find it one the list of ingredients. 
The salads are fabulos too....I was impressed! Even for the vegitarian folks there is something for everyone. 

Did I mention the sweet potato fries are to die for! Becareful if you add more than one thing...make sure the burger makes it to the table with all you ordered. Staffing is a little hit or miss but be patient...the burger is worth it.
I don't give out 5 stars on a regular basis.   When I do, it means I've found an absolute keeper. Burgers were on the mind and it was a toss-up between Smash Burger and Create. I opted to go for Create after consulting Yelp (of course!) and the green in their signage attracted me too.  Yes, silly things like a color and font can sway my decision. I am so glad I did. The hubs and I decided to get the Impressionist with regular fries and the Dali with the Sweet Potato fries. Yum... We split the two burgers so we'd both get a chance to sample the tastiness. They were fantastic! The Dali had very subtle flavors but good nonetheless. It was a bit messy and mushy but still good.  The Impressionist was a flavor explosion.  It definitely had a zing to them that I liked.... A LOT! The lettuce, tomato and jalapenos were nice, cold and crispy and the burger was cooked just right. Drool....  The fries were good. Crispy and not overdone. The sweet potato fries were a surprise. Very tasty. I normally don't like sweet potato fries but I couldn't help myself from eating these. Yes... They're good! The staff was helpful throughout the entire process. From the time that we walked in to the moment we left, they took the time to see if we needed any help. They explained the ordering process when we looked puzzled at all over the options, which was initially a bit overwhelming. Overall, a great experience.  I'm already looking forward to my next stop.
Co-worker took me here before a pre-season baseball game and I was very pleased with the burger, and the options you get.  I love the fact that you can put what you want on the burger instead of going to places and having to ask can you take this out or wishing you could add something to it.  Not to mention you can get it cooked how you want I ordered mine med-rare and I got med-rare.  Great taste very juicy and made how you wanted.  The only thing I would say about the place is maybe the men's restroom could be cleaner.
Lance has done a good job
Choices, choices, choices. I think I've been to this place about 15-20 times and every time I try a little something different on my burger. They have several different types of buns, veggies, and a myriad of sauces that keep you coming back for more. And unlike Smashburger which offers a similar setup they don't charge you an arm and a leg for each add-on.

Great price, big juicy delicious burgers, and a friendly staff/owner make for a big winner in my book.
I love hamburgers to death but if I eat them as much as I want to I would be some kind of crazed 800 lb shut in requesting that McDonald's build a drive through that goes into my mouth.  This makes me sad.
    This is why I love Create.  Create has healthy alternatives to the tradition hamburger.  They have turkey burgers, portabello burgers, and veggie burgers as well as the traditional hamburger.  Man o man that is awesome.  Plus they have some of the biggest selection of toppings I have ever seen from traditional to out right wacky. The sweet potato fries are also amazing.
   Plus I love spicy food and there "Atomic Sauce" is definitely one of the better spicy sauces I've ever had.  The only negative I would say is that there actual beef burger could probably use a better quality of spices because it is a little bland ( just a little).  You can easily off set this with the amazing array of topping.

All in All great place!
Heard some good things about this place from a coworker and wanted to give it a try since I've been comparing burgers everywhere i go lately. 

My first thought as i entered the restaurant was "how the f*** do i order???"  they have these little clipboards up by the cashier with order sheets.  You simply go down the list choosing what you want.  Its a bit overwhelming at first but just relax, take a deep breath, and slowly choose what you want.  They have so many toppings from alfalfa sprouts to grilled pineapples.  for i believe 85 cents more, you can add either mushrooms, quac, bacon or an egg.  

My burger 

-1/3 lb (a bit big, 1/4 lb would've been a better choice, but im a fat@ss)
-Wheat Bun
-Onions, lettuce, sprouts, grilled pineapple, tomatoes
-Added mushrooms (im a fungi fanatic)
-Swiss Cheese
-Chipotle ranch sauce

results = MUY BUENO!!!

I was very pleased with my choices, only thing i would have changed was the size of the burger but it tasted amazing.

Afterwards, I decided to get  strawberry shake which was also a good choice.  The custard based shake made the consistency very thick which i love.  Also the counter girl hooked it up with a mountain of whip cream which made everything that much better.

Is it better than bachi burger? - no
Is it better than smash burger? - yes
We LOVE this place!!
Staff is always so friendly it's exactly what customer service should be. After coming in only once, they remembered my order and my name. 
With that being said, the custard is addictive. I usually get the chocolate, but have had the coffee and the vanilla. All three are great and have yet to disappoint. 
The burgers are great too. I'm not a big burger person but I'll eat Create's. I came here recently with a friend who is on a diet. I was afraid he wasn't really going to be able to enjoy anything but he ended up being just fine with a turkey burger with lettuce wrap "bun", no cheese, and a side salad instead of fries. 
Create is fantastic, and if anything it's definitely worth a stop in, even if it's just for some custard.
First of all, lemme say something, loud and clear.   I LOVES ME SOME PORTABELLO BURGER!
Create sits, unassumingly, near the corner of Lake Mead and Tenaya on the NW side of the valley.  There is no shortage of eateries in this area.  Good (as well as mediocre) restaurants abound.  And yes, it sits there, its white and life-affirming green signage beckoning passersby like a con

Hm. I was just looking at my reviews and noticed that this one just.... ends. Like it has just fallen off a cliff or something.  No idea what happened to that.  Wish I did, 'cuz that last sentence was set up to be a killer.  Oh well.

Go to Create. It's delish, versatile, bright and shiny, and earth-friendly.  Eat a burger, love the planet.  It's a win win.
My review may be a bit unfair because I do not live anywhere near Create, and I had to drive quite a bit out of my way to get there, but I did enjoy what I got at Create.  The atmosphere was a little too bustling for my taste, but that was most likely because there was a large grouping of girl scouts the night I was there.  The idea of Create is very cool, and is a rising trend in burger restaurants: create your own burger.  You pick up a clipboard with a sheet of paper giving you options for your burger, and boy do they have options at Create!  You could choose between 1/4, 1/3, 1/2 # patties, and many other choices, but I got the 1/3.  You could choose the bun, the cheese, toppings, and sauce.  The sauces is where the options because almost limitless.  They probably have around 20 different sauces to choose from.  Sauces range anywhere from different mayos like Horseradish, Cajun, Garlic, or regular mayo to steak sauce and their in-house special sauce.  

I got a 1/3 pound burger with pepper jack cheese, roasted green chiles, grilled onions, white bun, green leaf lettuce, and cajun mayo.  I ordered a side of their special sauce to dip the fries in, which I would highly suggest.  The burger was good.  Not great, not bad (by any means), but good.  I felt that it lacked some crunchiness, but how can I complain when it's me choosing the ingredients!  The best parts of the burger were the patty (very juicy), and the cajun mayo.  Their sauces are one of their high points, and I feel like this is a very important thing to be good at.  

The fries were actually pretty impressive, tasting a lot like In-N-Out's fries, giving me the assumption they use fresh potatoes.  The sweet potato fries were also very good, but weren't any different than most sweet potato fries.  

Overall, I would go back to Create if it weren't so far, and would probably come back if I was in the area.  But with the abundance of great burger places where I live, I probably won't be driving to come here anytime soon (and I am known to drive large distances to get great food)!
The people that work there are great, and the food is so awesome and it's great that you can customize. I eat there ALOT. There is so much to choose from and it is all good.
I've been here a few times, and every time its AMAZING.  The workers there are some of the nicest people you will ever encounter in a restaurant.

And the food it...well, what ever you want it to be!
You can chose from a bunch of different options on toppings and sauces and burger sizes and sides, and omg, so good!

the dinning room might seem a little to "sterile" to some, but once you bite into that burger, all is forgotten, for you are in burger bliss land, lol.

but no seriously, go to create...now :)
After reading many reviews on Yelp and driving past this joint 100's of times, I finally decided to stop by today for lunch to check it out myself.  I decided to give myself a treat after a great workout at the gym.....have to give back some of the calories, right?

I had no idea how it worked and the menu in the restaurant is posted at the front door facing your back when you enter...so you see it when you exit.....what the hell?  Seems very illogical to me, but whatever.  Because I didn't see the menu when I walked in, I had no idea what to do....so I asked the kid at the register, how does this work?  He kind of looked at me with a puzzled expression and said "You place an order and I take it"......he was kidding around and explained that there are specialty Burgers that I can choose from or I can "Create" my own.  You choose 1/4, 1/3, or 1/2 lb patties, the bread, and the toppings.

After browsing the specialty Burgers for a minute, I decided I wanted to order two of them.  I ordered a 1/4 lb Dali Burger  with White Bread & (Avocado, Peppers, Onions, Monterey Jack Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, & Southwestern Ranch) and a 1/4 lb Impressionist Burger with Onion Bread & (Cajun Seasoning, Jalapenos, Lettuce, Tomato, Pepper Jack, & Atomic Mayo w/side of BBQ Sauce) and a bottle of Water.  He suggested that I get a side of BBQ Sauce with the Impressionist Burger....I took him up on his recommendation.  Total damage ($11.73), for the Burgers & bottled Water.  The price you see on the menu is the combo price.  He issued me a number and my change and told me they would bring out the Burgers when it was ready.

The restaurant has plenty of seating and nice comfortable booths....not what I expected.  They also sell Frozen Custard here....since I'm unfamiliar with what that is, I passed on trying it this visit.

After a few minutes my order was delivered by the manager.  He apologized because they ran out of Guacamole and substituted it with whole Avocado on the Dali Burger....I told him that was fine.  I started to take pics of the food and when he saw me, he asked if I wanted a picture with the Burger....I laughed and said yes.  What a nice guy.

I jumped into the Impressionist Burger first.....I couldn't wait to try it since it was loaded with Spicy Toppings.....I decided to take the first bite without the BBQ Sauce.  Wow....it was Spicy!  It had a very nice kick to it....not too blazing hot, but very enjoyable.  I am impressed because most joints make their mild....not this one!  Then I tried it with the BBQ Sauce per the cashier kid's advice.....yum!  The BBQ Sauce combined with the spicy flavor of the Atomic Mayo, Jalapenos, and Pepper Jack made this burger taste really good.  I wish I would have ordered a 1/3 lb patty though as the 1/4 lb seemed to be too small with all of the toppings.  The Beef was very flavorful, but I could have used more of it...next time I'll get the 1/3 or 1/2 lb patty....my bad.

After devouring the Impressionist, I went for the Dali Burger.  I loaded the Avocados into the Burger and again took a bite before I tried it with the Southwest Ranch Sauce.....it was pretty good, but needed the Ranch.  I poured some of the Ranch with each subsequent bite.....wow, another excellent Burger!  The Onion Bun added to it.....another great recommendation from the cashier kid....he must eat a ton of their Burgers to figure out great combinations of stuff.

Overall, it was a good experience....fresh, flavorful ingredients and the ability to customize your Burger are the highlights of this place.  The one knock would be the Bread....it was very "doughy" and just didn't do it for me.....tasted like and had the consistency of Wonder Bread.  Despite that flaw, I still gave it 4 Stars.

Will I return?  I want to try some of the other specialty burgers as well as up the patty size....so, yeah I will be returning soon!
Create was first recommended to me by a friend that said I should hold a group outing here.  I had looked it up and decided that I should check this place out, cuz man, do I enjoy a good burger.  On the way to a friends house I realized, whoa, she is right around the corner from Create.  She had never eaten there before so we both decided, why not?

The menu is odd, because you have to literally create your own burger.  Now, the choices and combination are way to large for me to want to do the math on, but when you know what you're doing, its a piece of cake.

I don't really remember exactly what I had that day, or the several visits after, but each creation was amazing.  Now that is partially my fault as I am the one picking the toppings/sauces, but the show stopper is the burger itself.  The meat is perfectly cooked, comes apart in your mouth and is just heaven.  The sweet potato fries are amazing, as well as the onion rings and the french fries.  You can't go wrong with either of the side choices.

In short, I drive across town to eat here.  That's enough to show its merit as a burger place.
this burger is the best try it with grilled pineapple and teryaki  and there sweetpotato fries are yummy been there half a dozen times sometimes the sweetpotato fries are over cinamond but that is my only complaint. Burgers are cooked perfect and you can pick as many topings as you want,one other thing there prices have been going up but thats understandable i guess for the economy still super cheap two people can eat for under 20$ with drinks.so yummy
We discovered Create through a coupon offer.  Over all it was good and we would go back.  I was disappointed in the fact they use Angus beef.  I personally don't like it.  So I got the turkey burger.  It's a frozen patty (I asked) but seasoned by them very well.  There are a lot of choices for the create your own combos, different breads, sauces, toppings, etc.  That was a plus as they had some unique choices.

The place was very clean and the staff was very nice.  I wish we could give 1/2 stars as I would have given 31/2 stars, but for me (Angus beef, yuck) I just couldn't go 4 or 5.  But next time I'm in the mood for a turkey burger, I will keep it in mind.
Not bad.  

In theory, Create is an amazing burger joint.  The menu allows you to choose what type of burger meat you want (angus, buffalo, etc).  It gives you a grocery store's worth of options for toppings, including varieties of cheese, veggies, etc.  And if they did a good job cooking the burger, Create would be a five star place.

But Create fails on the fundamentals.  A burger joint should let you choose how you want the meat cooked (rare, medium rare, medium, etc.).  Create doesn't.  It's unfortunately one of those restaurants that requires all burgers to be cooked medium-well (probably on the advice of some lawyer without taste buds).  And a medium-well burger makes my  taste buds cry.

That said, their toppings were fresh and damn tasty (I had my burger with cheddar and avocado).  They also have sweet potato fries as an option and they did a solid job with those.  The milk shakes were outstanding (although can you really screw up a milk shake?  It's the perfect sweet, tasty treat).

So, 5 stars if you don't mind tasteless burger meat.  Otherwise, Create gets 3.
Didn't like it at all. Even my kids were not pleased
I'm not a burger kind of guy and I LOVE CREATE.  Between the friendly demeanor of the kids working there, the top-to-bottom versatility of what your burger can be, and the milkshakes/frozen custard bar, it's a hip spin on burger places.

I usually don't eat fast food since it's greasy and terrible for you.  But being that the food is prepared fresh and cooked to order (Uh... dunno about that one reviewer but I always get my burger medium-rare, so I don't know where they're getting 'not cooked to order.'), without preservatives or feeling like I was putting an artery-bomb in my body, I love their food.  My favorites are the modernist and the dali.  Mmmm, mushrooms and avocado....

But it's literally a build from the ground up style burger joint that allows you to customize it to no end.  The price is very reasonable and the sweet potato fries are indeed delicious.
i live about thirty minutes away from here, so everytime i am on this side of town i ask my mom (I'm usually out shopping with her there) if we can try a new place rather than the normal fast food or panera quick lunches. I'm so glad i got her to go to create for a quick lunch! she was craving in and out so a burger joint was just the right persuasion. she loved it! as did i! we shared the classical combo in the small size (1/4) on a hawaiian sweet bun with a side of sweet potato fries. i do believe i can proclaim them the best sweet potato fries in las vegas. they had a hint of cinnamon to give it that extra sweet flavor and very fresh. YUM! the burger was juicy and messy. (just the way i like em!) my mom drank some of the jasmine tea and said it tasted a bit watery. that was the only let down, but on another upside to the food it all came to right over 8 dollars too! what a good deal.
i will be back to create to try a new burger and hopefully the turkey and portobello. they sound quite divine.
I'm not a burger girl, so I'm not generally drawn to places like this... thankfully for them, my husband loves all things beef and this was on his radar. We stopped here on a lazy Saturday afternoon for a late lunch and had one of the best meals we've ever had. Mike had a burger he built himself (and they have some creative suggestions, too) and there wasn't a crumb left. I opted for a chicken sandwich and it was to die for. Moist, tender, totally delicious on a wheat bun that was as doughy as a white roll would be. To top it off, we tried both their sweet potato and regular fries-- both scrumptious! This place is a drive for us but it's totally worth it and we'll make special trips for it.
We have been here twice. The first time was quite a while ago, soon after Create opened. That time we each created our own burgers. I don't recall exactly what we ordered, but I do remember that we both liked our burgers but thought they were over-priced.

Create gets really good reviews and it's really close to our home, so we decided to give it another try last night.

This time we decided to get their specialty burgers. We got a Medieval and a Dali.

The Medieval is a cheeseburger with bacon and BBQ sauce. It reminded me of Carl's Jr.'s western bacon but at two to three times the price.

The Dali has guac, cheese, peppers, and southwestern ranch. It was good but nothing special.

We also shared an order of onion rings. They were perfectly cooked.

Create is good but not something I would go out of my way for.
Was nearby, felt like a burger and stopped in....WOW what a find!  Great burgers, great prices......highly recommend.
Why is it so hard to find the dark green true dill pickles?  Why are these almost white kosher dills that have little flavor and a less than pleasing texture so popular?  Thye must be cheaper. Aside from that the bacon wasn't crispy as I'd asked and there wasn't much avocado. The white bread bun was a little dense for my liking.  The BOGO from the entertainment coupon book was a good value. Overall the burger was decent, but just not a 4.
This is a great place for burgers and fries and a drink for under $10... The custard is pretty good too! Family owned and no gambling items or other typical Vegas drawbacks for affordable non fast food locals.
Since Create opened I have RAVED about this place to friends and co workers. I have been busy and haven't had a chance to go for a while.
We went back again last night, and what happened to Create since I have been away??? When we got up to the counter we were always greeted with a giant smile with a friendly cashier. The guy working yells out NEXT! And says, what can I get for you like he's in a rush. I didn't get the friendly warmness I had previously experienced. Then we wait for our food and were watching a guy sweeping the floor who then brings our food out...
I KNOW FOR A FACT he didn't wash his hands, they were oblivious.
Then the guy at the cash register brought out our food along with the guy who was sweeping.  When we got our order 2 of the 4 plates were wrong. My husband got chicken instead of a burger. My son didn't get pineapple or teriyaki sauce on his.
It just wasn't a great experience. The guy who I am thinking was the manager on duty was not very friendly and didn't seem like he knew what the heck he was doing and didn't seem to be very happy. Most importantly, I just wish the guy on the register and the guy sweeping weren't also delivering food.
It's been quite a long time since we've been back and I'm kinda sad I bypassed it for a while. I would actually crave their burgers which is not something I do often. I am not a "burger person" really, and can only enjoy them thoroughly if it's a rare occasion. We were coming here at least once a month when we lived in the area.

The inlaws told us that they tried it a few months ago and the burger was so well done that it was nasty (which means it must've been toasted since they eat well done meat!). Came back to prove them wrong since it's always been consistent when the BF and I would go and we've eaten here at least a dozen times before my Yelping days. 

We all opted for create a burger. I love this idea since I like to get pretty crazy with mine. I like that they aren't topping or sauce nazis like some places (Grind). I mean for some people this may be a bad thing because some people don't pick combos that are good and then it isn't the places fault but our fault (course that never reflects on the person as they write their review). I took a picture of my sheet so people can see how extensive the selections are and how free they let you create.

 One thing I noticed is that they didn't ask how the beef is to be cooked? Before we always ordered it a medium rare to get a happy pink core instead of done....but it could be because they got the small patty and before we used to order 1/3 or 1/2. Either way, the patty came out a medium well so there was a little pink in there and still juicy. 

Mine was a monster! Turkey burger with garlic mayo on Hawaiian bread. I packed it with onion, field greens, alfalfa sprouts, feta, olives, cucumber, tomato and chilies. Yeah I know it's a lot of stuff, but I was going for a fresh veggie packed almost salad burger kinda thing. I got some red pepper dressing on the side. I loved the flavors of what I picked and the meat was nicely cooked on it.

BF got a 1/4 with Hawaiian bread and garlic mayo. Topped with mushrooms, green chiles, pepper jack, field greens, grilled onions. Grandma got 1/4 on wheat with pepper jack, grilled onions pickles and green chiles. Mom got a 1/4 on white and garlic mayo.Topped with roasted red pepper, avocados, pepper jack, and grilled onions.

 Everyone enjoyed their burgers and it seemed the popular topping favorite is the green chiles so you can't go wrong with the little tangy zing it gives. The inlaws wanted theirs more seasoned, but they eat a lot more salt than we do because the BF and I thought the seasoning on the meat was enough. 

We also shared fresh cut fries and sweet potato fries. If you like straight forward sweet potato fries then theirs is good here. The regular fries are fresh cut and skin on which I like. It isn't super crispy but they're good and you can probably ask for well done if you want a bit more crunch.

I got their custard of the day which was butterscotch and popped it with marshmellow cream. It was the right amount of butterscotch flavor and was a lovely consistency. Even though it was like 27* outside, I had to have me some frozen custard! 

3 1/4th burgers, a turkey burger, 1 fry, 1, sweet potato fry and 4 drinks came to $30.85 with tax. Note that if you get a drink and a side with a burger it is a combo price (the price on the create your own menu at the top includes the fries, or 60 cent upgrade for onion rings or sweet potato). I don't get is how I see some reviews think it's over priced?... Compared to what- the value menu at McDonalds? 

It was $4.75 for a quality burger alone or $7.97 for the burger, fries and a beverage. That's like Carls Jr. prices. It's the cheapest burger I've had at this caliber of quality and creative topping options. 

I've been a fan since the first week they opened and still am. I definitely won't wait another year to make a visit. If you're in the area, I'd skip Smash burger down the block and choose Create.

UPDATE 2/20: Made a creation and ate every bit of it. I'm not a burger person, but I really like this place.
We started off coming here a few times, but eventually we decided the burgers here just taste too dry and bland.  

The food here lacks flavor big time :( two thumbs down
I've had a couple burgers here recently and not being a big burger fan I really enjoyed the variety.
Errr. I didn't like this burger experience so much. 
First - to say something good, wow they have a big menu with lots of options. 

Ok. 
Quality of meat - was not a big thick juicy meaty thing. It was like Burger King. Sad.
Out of Hawaiian bun, went with whole wheat. Very generic. Didn't have that yummy bready/yeasty flavorey thing that says, "Mmm, someone must have baked this today!" Nothing special here. 
One burger. To go. That's all I ordered. Took 45 minutes. Jeeze. 

I'm comparing this to the phenomenal burger (and amazing bun, btw) that I had at Neon Carrot in San Luis Obispo. Top quality meat, homemade ketchup (you don't even know how good and pure real ketchup can taste until you have homemade like this). After it is consumed, you sit and just say to yourself, "Wow. I'm going to remember that forever now."

Bottom line - this is just another lame burger joint. Set your expectations there. Nothing special. I've had special. This is not it. 

Chek.
I heard such great things...but was really disappointed.  Create, to me, turned out to be a local's version of Fuddruckers.  I love that you can pick your meat, bun, and toppings, however, the execution was really poor.

I ordered the Turkey burger on whole wheat with grilled pineapple, tomatoes, red onions, lettuce, and teriyaki.  My boyfriend ordered the majestic beef burger on wheat with "house sauce," onion, grilled pineapple, and jalepenos.  We also got an order of sweet potato fries on the side.  It took about 20 minutes to get our order despite the fact the restaurant was not busy at all.

My burger was unbelievably caked in teriyaki sauce.  Yes, i did order it, but the amount was ridiculous so I wiped off the excess with a napkin.  The lower bun was also soggy. Gross.  The burger was an overall "meh."  My boyfriend, however, loved his, but he generally loves any type of burger.  I did really like the cinnamon taste to the fries, it was really unique and not something I've had elsewhere.  I'd choose Create over most fast food burgers but it was mostly unmemorable.
I wanted to give 5 stars & probably would have if the burger patty itself tasted better than a homemade BBQ'd burger.  Overall, the burger was really good.  I attributed it to the amazing available toppings.  I have been here once & will return, mostly because the service & employee's were pretty awesome & enthusiastic.  They were very helpful as I was a novice.  They took the time & explained how the whole CREATE experience works.  The toppings were all super fresh & oh so tasty.
The Burger patty was just kind of...eh.  Overall, it was good though.
Burger joints are ten-a-penny. Good burger joints on the other hand... now THAT's a find. Create fits nicely in the second category.

Do you ever go in to a burger place and go, "oh that sounds good... but so does this other one -- I wish I could put them together"? Well, at Create you can. You can put pretty much whatever you want on your "CREATEd" burger (oh the pun... ouch). 

If you're feeling less creative, they also have a number of pre-designed burgers that are killer. 

So go... pick your size, pick your toppings (there are TONS), pick your bun (may I recommend the onion one... wow). Then sit back and relax until they bring burger bliss to your table. Oh, and if you want to top it off with a little cup of heaven -- they also have frozen custard.
3 1/2 stars to their credit.  I like my burgers, and I like em fresh, I like em beefy, and I like em simple!  Not overdone with too much toppings that take away from the beef.  Ever heard of In N' Out?  That's what a hamburger's all about!  They do it simple...but right.

Create I tried with the fam on a whim.  We always pass by it and I've seen the good reviews.  I said to myself, "Self...why not?  Give it a shot!"  The restaurant is nice, clean, quite modern-y.  Stainless steel, bold colors, very pleasing.  We were welcomed by two high-school employees, and right away were asked if we had been to Create before...to which I replied a healthy "Nope!  But Yelp seems to like you guys!"  We were given the rundown of how it all works:  start with your size of burger, choose a bread, choose a cheese, choose your toppings (lots of em'), then choose a sauce!  So many friggin' combinations (I can't count exactly, even though yes I am Asian and yes I am good at math)...it drove me nuts!  The possibilities were endless!  So much so, they actually gave you a little pad and pencil to mark what you wanted on your burger!  Thankfully, Create has some featured burger combos you can choose from as well to lessen the stress.

For the four of us we chose two 1/2 pound burgers to share.  The first one was the 'Modernist' ($9.93) - sauteed mushrooms, avocado, tomato, Swiss cheese, and chipotle sauce.  The other burger was a 'Create Your Own' ($8.63).  We went crazy on this one!  Tomatoes, cucumbers, pickles, romaine lettuce, roasted red peppers, alfalfa sprouts (I love this on sandwiches), with Pepper Jack cheese, mayo and spicy mustard!  These combos come with fries and a drink, but for a nominal charge we upgraded our fries to sweet potato fries and onion rings.  

The verdict?  Not bad!  Our burgers were cooked just right (lil' bit of pink in the middle), the bread was fresh, and the burgers were huge!   There was enough for the four of us to share.  The Modernist was very good, and our creation of a burger wasn't bad either.  I think next time I'll try a sauce with a little more kick.  The sweet potato fries were good but not as crispy as I like them.  The onions rings were great, I wish the serving was a bit bigger!  They were good dipping in a side of ranch.  

If you go to Create don't forget to try their frozen custard!  It is actually quite yummy.  They run at least 4-5 different flavors daily.  You can get scoops in a cup or cone then put various toppings on them, you can have a shake, or you can have Create's version of a Blizzard...the 'Concrete'.  We opted to try two Concretes in their sundae size ($4.99).  We got the 'Smithsonian' - vanilla frozen custard with hot fudge, caramel, pecans, whipped cream, and a cherry.  We also tried their 'Van Gogh Bananas' - vanilla frozen custard with bananas, hot fudge, fresh strawberries, caramel, peanuts, whipped cream, and a cherry.  Both were scrumptious!  I myself favored the Van Gogh Bananas because it was like a banana split.  Great way to end our meal.  Also a great way to make me start thinking about the dreaded treadmill again.  Ha!

Create is an awesome way to make a burger that's all your own.  We will most likely be back here again sometime soon.  Burgers and custard are health foods, right?  Right.  And I love to keep on a healthy diet!
Wow what a difference with new ownership. My husband and I and many of our friends have been coming to Create since it opened. We were there at least once a week and enjoyed it soo much. Now the last few times we have been there it's been bad. The food quality sucked, the portions were not like they were. The bread wasn't as fresh and no one seemed happy there. The new owners need to understand that you can't run the place like a subway. The reason people came there was for the atmosphere and attention to detail. If I wanted a garbage burger and experience then I will pay less and go to Mcdonalds. I have spoken to many of our friends that are regulars and they are not coming back. I do think that if things don't change then this place will be closed within a year. When you drive by there is never anyone in the parking lot and no line because no one comes anymore. On a good note the other food places next door are getting busier.
The burgers here are so good. The owner was extremely friendly and helpful. The employees are attentive and nice. The custom route is the way to go, but take your time! The custard is also awesome.
First off, let me just say that the burgers here are great!  I am glad we gave them another chance.

We've eaten here before and had a long wait and were disappointed in the quality of our burgers. But, we thought we'd give it another chance and it helped that we had an Entertainment coupon.  

He had the Medieval and I had the Classical both a 1/2 lb. and on whole wheat buns (medium-well). They were perfectly juicy and flavorful.  The sweet potato fries are yummy and my regular fries were pretty good but a tiny bit limp.  They have fresh brewed iced tea - 2 flavors today (2/13/11) and both were yummy.  The girl that brought our food out was very friendly and asked if she could get us anything...ranch, utensils, etc.

The place was a mess when we walked in and only 3 tables were full.  The workers seemed to be having a great time....maybe too much?!  I have to say that everyone was friendly, but there is some fine tuning needed at this place.  The bathrooms were pretty messy and the tables were dirty.  Some time after we sat down, one of the girls did come out and start cleaning but the tables still looked greasy. 

I am sorry...but if I am paying $9+ for a hamburger, the place should be nice and CLEAN. 

We'll come back again, but we hope that they can reign in their employees a little bit.  Excited to try the frozen custard - hope it can live up to Luv-Its!
Awesome food by people so friendly, it's almost scary. Great value. Please open a Henderson location!
What is going on at Create?? My last few trips have been so disappointing. We are regulars, about once every week or two, but the last two times my order has been messed up and my fries have been limp, soggy, and pale! Both times my burger has been fixed, but my husband has been done eating by the time it came out!  Honestly, the fries were about 90% of the reason I went, but they have been so bad I haven't eaten any. I think that perhaps the ranch is different too--- I could be imagining that, but before it tasted fresh and I thought it was a bit "shelf-stable" tasting last time. I am so sad that our favorite spot has slipped so much! Before, I ALWAYS choose Create over Smashburger, but I'm starting to think Smashburger is the way to go. :(
I do enjoy a fine burger and what I like best about Create is that I can enjoy it relatively guilt free.  As you can deduce from the name, you can name everything in your burger and this does allow for healthy, or not so healthy choices.  I usually get the Byzantine but with a Turkey patty and and a multi-grain bun and sometimes sweet potato fries when I feel like adding a few miles to my workout. 

Aside from the fresh ingredients and knowing that your burger is being made to order, what I did like was the great and happy service.  It seems that everyone working here does actually enjoy themselves and that translates to a great experience as a customer.  One last thing, this is one of the few places you can get Diet Dr. Pepper in a fountain drink.  I look at this place as a great lunch spot when I'm in the area and try to find an excuse to visit every couple of months.
So I've been craving a blue cheeseburger, but the only place that I ever get them at is Heroe's (see the review), but since I'm not in CA, I had to find somewhere local to get my fix. I was having a crappy day so I decided to take myself out and regain some composure, but holy sh**, the food took my crappy day to AMAZING with just one bite. I made my own burger with help from the girl at the register (btw- their staff are awesome!! so freakin friendly and helpful!!). It was bleu cheese (of course!), bacon, tomatoes, lettuce, and red onions. I got some fries with garlic aioli (brilliant right?!) and a drink to top it all off...seriously it was so freakin amazing!! after all that i had stinky breath and a happy tummy. I didnt have room to try any custard...but its a good excuse to go back...again and again!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
For gluten free eaters this place can be very safe. They have a dedicated fry fryer. The burgers are 100 percent beef no fillers. You can have the burger bunless and  wrapped in lettuce, avoid the sauces.
I has the 1/2  lb  burgers/ let. , tom shredded lettuce, grilled onions , pepper jack cheese , mayo and teriyaki sauce. I like the fact that you can build your burger. I wish the burger was char broiled it would receive another star. The teri sauce was good not to sweet ,thick or runny. Very good service everyone had a smile and constantly checked up on us
I can't believe this place is getting such good reviews.
We had been running around found errands and were really hungry, we were close to Create and been wanting to try it for a while.
I ordered the Classical burger with french fries, my hubby ordered the Medieval burger with onion rings...we both ordered our burgers as 1/4 LB. cooked medium.
The burgers were small, and not cooked medium. It reminded me of the flat frozen burgers you get at an amusement park stand. My fries were limp and greasy. The onion rings were just the big fat run of the mill rings that have no taste and were probably frozen.
We had a coupon for buy one meal get one free, I don't know if that's why the food was so bad, but as soon as I started taking pictures of my food, one of the workers ran over to ask us if everything was alright.  We won't go back especially since Smashburger is a block away from this location. The cheap meal because of the coupy was the only reason it was semi-worth it.
Really good. Too bad there's only the one. Wish I had one on my side of town. Great burgers, great shakes ( custard shakes), and fabulous fries regular or SWEET POTATO! You have choices for the size of burger, kind of meat (or not meat), the kind of bun, several different kind of greens, cheeses, and all manner of amazing fresh toppings. The place has hydroponically growing plants all over and everything is made to order. Love it. Two thumbs way up.
I  got a email from  the new owner after my last review.My husband and I agreed to try it again.  It was a totally different experience this last time. We were able to meet with the owner and speak to him about our issues and he really listened. The food was MUCH better than last time and the buns were really fresh. The burgers were cooked well and tasted great. After hearing about the news stuff coming up we are very excited about this place again. We will return because the price is right the food is better and we all know the employees. So glad we were willing to try it again.
Tried CREATE a few times over the last several weeks and loved it every time. The first time I had a salad with grilled chicken. Second and third - turkey burgers in lettuce wraps. Also sampled French fries and butter pecan custard. I've never had a turkey burger I enjoyed that much and the Portabello burger was great, too. My family members loved their burgers - including my burger-lover sister-in-law, who is very exacting when it comes to her food. The build-your-own-burger and fries, plus the custard, are truly delicious -- but eating healthy is also an option here.  Another little thing we liked: Real plates and silverware - nice for a casual place. And the beverage options were also good - nice iced tea choices. (Full disclosure: Know one of the owners personally, but wasn't there when we dined at CREATE)
So I went to Create today to go back to try the frozen custard cuz last time I was too full on their amazing food to indulge in any frozen goodness.  This time, burger-wise I ordered, beeeeeeef patty on wheat bun with lettuce, tomato, bleu cheese, bacon and I didn't know what to go with as to the sauce, so I randomly picked the garlic mayo. HOLY MOLY!! The garlic mayo was BOMB!!!! It is def not for the faint of heart; its got CHUNKS of raw garlic in it!! YUM!! I had my food to go, so don't owrry I didn't offend anyone with my GARLIC AND BLEU CHEESE BREATH...the only gripe was the sauce was indeed too overpowering for the bleu cheese, but that was by no means Create's fault. I picked my poisons... I also got the SUPER basic frozen custard, as it was INDEED MY FIRST TIME HAVING IT!! I didn't wanna lose my frozen custard "innocence" in public so I took it home for a nice private affair....and hot damn! It was amazing!! Too bad the custard never made it home ;p actually what happened is the cashier lady was awesome enough to scoop my custard and stick it in the freezer while my burger was being made so it would be EXTRA cold while I drove home! HOW AWESOME IS THAT?! (on a side bar, the burger was wrapped impeccably, it traveled very well!) I also like that Create doesn't have branded bags with their name blinged out everywhere...getting my food is a brown bag brings back the nostalgia of mom making my lunch...but back to frozen custard....i carried my stuff to the car and noticed a bit of custard was on the outside- it was solid enough now, but I knew it was gonna melt eventually...so I took the spoon and ate that LITTLE bit...and then I tried a little more...and by the time I got home all that was left was an empty cup....needless to say I'll be back Create!!
Pretty great burgers considering this place is sort of halfway between fast food and a sit-down restaurant. I always go for the Medieval, and it's always delicious.

For those who demand a bit more control, a "build-your-own" burger is an option, so you can really go nuts and craft your own personal dream burger.

Service is fast, and they're always insanely friendly at the front counter. Some of the nicest people I've ever seen working at a restaurant, regardless of class.

Prices are a little high, so I don't go there as much as I would if they knocked it down a buck or two. That's a pretty small complaint, though.

I'd definitely recommend everyone who likes burgers try Create out at least once. It's a permanent fixture in my food-run repertoire.
I would say this place was about 3 1/2 stars. The burger and onion rings and frozen custard were great, but not out of this world. The prices were very reasonable.
I really wanted to like this place more and give it 4 or 5 stars. Great menu and lots of options. You also cannot say no to custard! The price was also reasonable. My only bad marks is that the staff seems really lost and undertrained. Lots of uncleaned tables and very dirty in general. One corner looks like they are operating an office but on the floor also. I might try again someday. But, Smashburger is right down the street and they kinda have the same concept yet it is a little more organized.
If your looking for the best veggie burger around definitely try there abstract burger! I eat meat on a regular basis but also try different meat alternatives all the time. I cant even try there regular burger because the veggie is so good! You can build it anyway you want with an array of toppings. You can even get it on a Hawaiian sweet roll bun. The sweet potato fries are really good as well. The staff is friendly and helpful. Better than your average burger joint and worth checking out.
Cool little burger place.  They also serve custard, which I think is kind of an odd mix, but you can have your burger and dessert in the same place I guess.

For first timers like me, you'll be extremely overwhelmed by the menu.  I know the gimmick is that you can build your own burger, but seriously, do you need 24 different sauces to choose from?  At one point, the menu all blended together and I went with one of their "specialty" burgers that have pre-chosen fixings.

We didn't have to wait long for our food, which was a plus.  However, both my husband and I ordered our burgers medium rare, but they came out well done.  We didn't send them back because we were pretty hungry.  Mine came with avocado which was nowhere near ripe and hard as a rock.  The fries looked good because they are the "dirty" fries with a little bit of skin still on them.  I really wanted to like the fries, but they were limp and soggy.

The food was satisfying, and I'd probably come back again now that I know how to navigate the menu and ask for crispier fries.  Worth a try.
This place consistently serves great burgers. They have a great selection of toppings and sauces. They are the only place I know of that serves sweet potato fries (which taste like French toast). I am happy everytime I eat here.
Love their burgers. Costs a little more than a regular burger somewhere else, but you definitely get what you pay for. You build you're own burger which is great and there's tons of sides options.
From my previous reviews you know Create is like the perfect restaurant. It's like a bunch of your friends got together and said lets make lots of your favorite food and let you make it the way you want it! But the most amazing thing happened this time, I made my perfect burger. They might as well call it the Jess P. cuz I think that's all I'll be ordering from now on (burgers-wise; fear not custard! I shall continue to eat you as well!) It's a beef patty, wheat bun, field greens, bleu cheese, garlic mayo, red onions (crispy, not grilled) and tomatoes. I think I can die happy now.
Best frozen custard ever!  I had mine: chocolate frozen custard with marshmallow topping & sprinkle of peanuts...YUM!!!!
Just went today for the 1st time & it was cool.  Sweet potatoe fries were on the over-done side....other than that.  Burger was really good !
First off the bat there.  the lady that took our order was not really paying attention to our orders.  Hence is why im eating burgers with my friend right now that we did not order and got it wrong.  My friend ordered a modernest.  But she got a way different burger with jalapenos in it.  Way to spicy for her and for her one year old daughter.  
I ordered the midevil burger with the biggest size of patty.  Yet i got a burger the size of a mcdonalds happy meal burger.   The fries where limp and soggy.  The only positive part of this meal was the sweet potato fries.
Also word of advice for the workers there, pay attention to your customers orders and pull up your pants. If i wanted to go see some thong and ass id go to a strip club.
What do you say about Create? Nothing, besides the fact that it is one of the best burger spots in Vegas. Much better then SmashBurger. There frozen custards are very good as well. It's a must have spot to go to.
I met some girlfriends here on a Friday night and I had a hard time finding the location.  I was coming on Tenaya, so make sure you turn into the Whole Foods parking lot to pull up to the stand alone building that faces Lake Mead.  There were two homeless old men that were just hanging out just inside the front door and were looking at everyone with anger as they walked in the front door.  Since we were there for a while, I saw that they were not eating food and the workers were not asking them to leave.  It didn't make me feel safe, even though the food was delicous.  It is really all I can remember because I was so uncomfortable.  I will give it another try in the daylight  & let you know how it goes.
What happened? 

Maybe they got new staff because nothing about our orders were right. :-( 

We always do the create a burgers and hand them a sheet with clearly circled items. None of the burgers came out right. Some were missing toppings, mine and the BF came with no sauces in it at all. Mine was to be cooked to a medium pink and it was well done with no pink at all and seemed to be the same size as my mom in laws even though I ordered a bigger burger patty. They have a new item on a dry erase board of onion strings so we put on our papers we want onion strings as our sides. 3 of us got onion RINGS instead of the onion strings. I asked for a side of a sauce to go with the strings and it wasn't brought either. Grandma isn't too picky and just ate her stuff, but I think hers was right only because she barely put anything on hers. 

They got to making us onion strings which was nice of them to correct the problem. One batch came and it was really chunky into onion cakes. Good flavor, but nothing was string about it. A second batch came out and it was more like strings and was much better. 

They were nice about everything which I still do give high kudos for, but it was a mess of a meal. It has changed since Lance sold it....eeek.
A FRESH NEW WAY TO EAT BURGERS!!!!

Who would have though that making burgers your own way was something new and fresh. It's not..... Burger King, has "Have it your way", In-n-Out have a hidden menu, but what were they missing? More options!!!! With many options for meat and vegetarian burgers, every topping I could think of and few I didn't think of, as well as around 42 sauces, this place is my new favorite place to go for good food, fast. I am in and out of this place with in 30 minutes. Make sure you grab a clip board fill out what you want and turn it in asap (especially during lunch rush). Then ask about the combo buy 10 and get one free card. Family owned and operated with a corporate look. Friendly employees. Caitlin & Megen, are chatter boxes so even if you are dining a lone you will have someone educated and enjoyable to talk to. I want to see an eating contests for the Man VS Food guy soon. I am thinking one pound Big Daddy Burger (not on the Menu and delicious), one pound hot dog, and a 3-topping masterpiece of frozen custard in 45 minutes. If they make it I will get the Man VS Food guy to come EAT!!!! Why eat fast food drive-thru when you can have healthy, great quality, food fast for about the same price.
great service. a frozen yogurt place opened right next door so their ice cream isn't too popular anymore but overall ambiance was nice and service top notch.
We went on a Sunday afternoon around 6:00 PM after finishing a climb in the Spring Mountain Range.

I enjoyed a fairly basic 1/4 Pounder w/ Pickles, Spicy Mustard, Grilled Onions etc, w/ fries, so I have not delved into the slightly more exotic fare offered by the Create your own menu.

This is the second time  I have been, both time have found the staff to be accomodating and pleasant.  The Restaurant has been clean and seemed well kept. Everything was made to order, no mistakes.  I feel it is reasonably priced for what is offered.
I like Create.  Options are good.  The fact that I can have a whole wheat bun, pineapple with avocado and grilled onion hamburger with thousand island dressing makes my head spin.  

The burger was cooked well, nice and juicy with quality beef.  Sweet potato fries were a perfect addition to my weird hamburger.  I am not a big hamburger person, but I love this place!  

When you walk in, you are given a pad with a laminated menu.  You simply circle what you want on your burger from a huge range of stuff, from green peppers, to eggs, to guacamole.  They even have choices for what kind of bread you can get (I love the wheat, healthier and tastier!).  They did get my order wrong today though... I ordered a double 1/3, and I was only rung up for a single.  Oh well, the burger was still awesome, and my stomach will probably thank me later.  

I love having places like this in Vegas.  Places with options!  You get to build your own burger, and be as crazy as you want with it.  Great stuff!
If you're going to advertise that you deliver, don't answer the phone and say you don't offer it. (It says "Delivery Available" on the Menu online.)Then change your mind and say it's only from 11am-2pm. way to go Create. I won't be going there.
Favorite burger place in Vegas!!  Hands down.  Been here probably 50 times with friends.

The staff remembers you by name, the prices are great for such quality food, the custard is tasty.

I always recommend this place to anyone who asks for a great burger place!!
Create has been on our "wanna try it" list for a while now. We heard great things and knew it was locally owned and a family business. Since we live in Mountain's Edge and don't work or shop up in this area, we made the journey for my Husband's birthday lunch.

When you arrive, grab a clip board and pick what you want using a dry erase marker.

I had a pretty typical burger. Pepper Jack cheese, Kaiser roll, L, T, O, their "special sauce" paired with sweet potato fries. Husband had a very similar burger with grilled onions and onion rings. Pricing was very reasonable and on top of that we were using our Entertainment Book BOGO coupon.

Right off the bat I can say that while it was OK, we won't be making a special drive up to eat here again. It was just OK. Nothing super spectacular, just kind of average. The bun was not my favorite, too chewy. The ingredients fresh were but the burger lacked flavor and juiciness. The two essential elements to a winning burger joint, such a shame cause I had such high hopes and I hate to see a locally owned business miss the target. Sweet Potato fries were VERY good! They could give other burger places a sweet potato fry training!

My husband also had a scoop of s'mores custard and it was very good! I might come back to try more custard offerings when and if we are in the area, but I would pass on burgers.
Make your own burger! Have it your way. It's just about the fixin's. Well that sums up this place, you can pick everything from the type of bun to the sauce, the fixin's and even how well you want it done. 

I love that you can also request "no bun" and go low carb style, my husband and I often are following low carb and this is just another option now for eating out, another of our favorite things to do! 

They serve sides too like home made fries, thick and crispy and sweet potatoes fries. I think there's a hint of cinnamon on them! And of course they have custards. You gotta try em, their delicious! 


The service was great, friendly and helpful, will definitely be back.
We were finally able to give Create another try and haven't stopped going since! It's much more organized than it was when the changeover first happened, and there are a few changes (such as the ability to upgrade to a shake in your combo) that I really like.  I've still had some soggy fries, but they are still the best in town. And the bacon is the best on  bacon burger I've ever had. I also give credit to the owner, who reached out to contact me on Yelp after my previous negative review-- it's nice to hear from someone who is willing to stand behind their product and address the issues.
Build your own burger.  Tons of options... also had a greek salad and sundae.  all delic!
BURGERS AND FROZEN CUSTARD - YES!!

Lance, the owner, knows how to 'create' a great place.  Really friendly, and "neighborhoody"!  I've tried their standard beef burger (very high grade), turkey burger, and the most awesome of them all....veggie burgers!  Great fries, and all...and top it off with good ol' southern style frozen custard -- and this place is a winner.
My favorite Hamburger place from the casual modern interiors to the wonderful burgers.
Jess P. recommended I try this place out when I met her at one of the Yelp events. It's pretty nearby my boyfriend's house, but we've never really thought about checking it out until we heard about how great it is. I ended up going with one of my friends on a pretty hot day (perfect weather for frozen custard) and I ordered a Modest Modernist combo ($8.99) and Berriesoho masterpiece ($4.99). My total came out to about $14. It was more than I normally spend on this type of food for myself, but a third of the bill went to the giant frozen custard; more than enough for two people. 

My combo came out fairly quick and my first impression was that the meal looked pretty boring and a little dry. I think I'm just so used to going to burger joints that have all kinds of sauces spilling out of the burger when you take your first bite (kinda like a Carl's Jr. ad). However, when I took my first bite, it was like instant love. The reason why I chose the Modernist is because I love anything with mushrooms or avocado and this burger had BOTH along with Swiss cheese, tomato, and chipotle mayo added into the mix. The burger was just exploding with all kinds of goodness and they didn't even need a bunch of crazy sauces to make it taste so delicious. The fries were cooked to perfection; perfectly crisp and fresh, just how I like them.

I actually ordered my frozen custard after I finished my burger because I figured it would melt if I just had it sitting there while I ate my meal, but I ended up inhaling my burger in a matter of three minutes, so that was pointless. It was weird because the frozen custard took longer to come out than the burger did and I would think it'd be the complete opposite. Since I got it "Masterpiece," all the ingredients were just blended together. The other option would be to get it in sundae form, but I guess I was feeling "artsy." It was my first time ever trying frozen custard, so I don't have much to compare it to, but boy was it fantabulous! It was very smooth and not too sweet. I was pretty full from the burger already, but I'm pretty much a glutton for any type of dessert and ended up eating half of it. I put the other half in my freezer the second I got home so I could have some in case of a withdrawal.

Tips
*The Entertainment book has a few bogo coupons for Create (at least the 2011 edition did). 
*Sign up for their mailing list. I don't know if you can sign up online, but you can definitely sign up in the restaurant. 
*Get a Masterpiece!
*Check out the menu online to decide what you want before going because it can be pretty overwhelming
I have been to Create a couple times in the past year or two, but not since I started the blog so I was long overdue for a return trip and full analysis. I remember liking it well enough in the past, so I'm not sure if it's because I've had a string of not-so-good burgers lately but I left this most recent meal extremely happy. I know you're not used to hearing these words lately around here, so please read on.

Create has one location now, but according to their website there are more on the way. Located in a typical Vegas strip mall on Lake Meade near the 95, the interior really leaves something to be desired. There are hints at something decent, but the tables are kind of cheap looking, and it's just missing something I can't quite put my finger on. It doesn't help that the ordering process is totally convoluted, but more on that in a minute. When you walk in the main doors there is a small counter to your right which I think was added since the last time I was there, and I think might have been placed there to help figure out how to order? Who knows.

About the ordering process, it's called Create for a reason; the menu is set up for you to really create your own burger, from amount of meat, type of bun, toppings, fries, etc. Enough burger places follow this format now so it's not completely original, yet still appreciated. But what sets this place apart for me from a lot of other places is that they also offer quite a few pre-designed choices. You've heard me gripe about this many times, and I fully acknowledge and welcome the menu choices that a restaurant actually takes the time to make. Last time I was there I was handed a clip board, golf pencil and sheet of paper with things to circle or check off. They've updated this slightly for the green movement by using a laminated sheet and dry erase markers. They have also alleviated some of the confusion by adding two large LCD screens above the registers with 6 different burgers to choose from complete with fries and a drink so you can just order a meal number like so many other fast food burger joints. But that's really where the fast food ties end.

I can say it; the burger is excellent. The meat has great flavor on its own, and when you order it medium rare it actually comes out this way, unlike some other places I've been to lately that can't quite get it right although they are charging a great deal more and are in a much fancier location. I had the Classical, which comes with crinkle cut pickles, American cheese, onion strings, shredded lettuce and thousand island-ish dressing called "the sauce." I had a choice of a few different buns but stuck with the white one for simplicity. The bun is totally dense and fantastic, just the right amount of meat and bun. I've also had the Hawaiian sweet bun and it was great and dense as well. Cooked medium rare, the burger is just juicy and drippy enough without being sloppy, and is moist all the way to the end. My cheese was melted, the veggies were fresh, and I was quite happy with it.
The fries are also great; although I think the few times I've been there I have thought that a few on my plate were a bit undercooked. They are of the 'natural' variety and a million more times flavorful and better than Five Guys' overrated version. Yes, I'll be picking on that place quite a bit now until everyone gets it out of their heads that they're good.

As for the price, it's also right on the mark. At $8.37 for my meal which included a great 1/3lb burger, plenty of great tasting fries and a drink for something that was cooked to order and better than regular fast food, they hit it right on the mark. I've heard people rave about Smashburger, Five Guys, and other slightly-fancier-than-fast-food burger joints lately, but those are all way too greasy, and come in at least $3-5 more for a meal. Plus their burgers can't compete with this one. For those who love any of those other places I just listed, I compel you to try Create.

Also on a side note, they have fantastic custards with all sorts of options. I had one last year and liked it a lot, but skipped it on this trip as I am trying to lose weight still...
Their burgers are pretty good when not dark pink inside, great topping and sauce selection. One negative thing - I am assuming that their water tastes pretty bad, bad enough to affect the taste of the Pepsi products they serve. I've tried Pepsi, Mug rootbeer and Sierra Mist. They all have a funny aftertaste.  I would give them 5 stars if I were confident that they were cooking their burgers properly and they fixed the bad tasting soda issue.
CREATE.. I ordered the Impressionist which was awesome but way too hot for me...  I also ordered mine med well however it was WELL DONE. I give that burger 3 stars my husband loved it though and he gives it 4 stars, he would have gave it 5 stars if it was actually Monarch lol! My husband (: he ordered thee Surrealist which if you ask me was perfect 5 stars easy... my husband gives it 3 stars... nothing special he says.... Sweet fries... neither one of us were feeling those but my 2 yr old loved them... then we have the custards... easily could have passed on those and went next door to YogurtLand!  Would we go there again, sure the customer service was good and the store was clean...
Create Hunger, Create Burger, Create Bun, Create Meat, Create Cheese, Create Lettuce, Create Tomato, Create Onion, Create Sauce, Create Fries, Create Drink, Create Confusion, Create Line, Create Chaos, Create Anguish , Create Cash, Create Seat, Create Eat, Create Leave, Create Review.
Went here for a lunch meeting at the suggestion of a colleague and despite being 5 minutes from my office, I had never noticed it since the signage seems to suggest a retail place rather than restaurant and it is buried amongst a whole string of eateries within the Lake Mead/Tenaya intersection.  Apparently the name implies an artistic flare where you craft your own burgers (and frozen custards) with a myriad of toppings and choices for size of meat (1/4,1/3, 1/2 lb) and breads (white, wheat, hawaiian, and onion) and even fries (regular, sweet potato).  Being given the privilege of selecting everything a la carte reminded me of assembling a bowl of stir-fry at a mongolian barbeque, but like most mongolian barbeque experiences, the customer usually does not have a good sense of balance when it comes to flavors (typically overdoing one thing or another) so that may explain some of the mediocre reviews (to critique one's own CREATE burger is perhaps critiquing oneself).  When it comes to creating the perfect burger, I'm more inclined to think along Steve Jobs' quote, "People don't know what they want until you show it to them."

Therefore I opted to choose amongst one of the 5 pre-named titles posted above the cash register to see if the guys behind the counter really knew how to create a decent burger.  The one that caught my eye was "The Surrealist" consisting of lettuce, tomato, applewood bacon, fried egg, chipotle mayo, grilled onions, and a fried onion ring.  I opted for the hawaiian bread bun and cheddar as my cheese of choice and braced myself to yell "Who's your Dali?" upon biting into this seemingly mouthwatering work of art.  Unfortunately, this burger will not be worthy of persistence in my memory.  This was a case where the sum of the parts was not greater than the whole since the piece of lettuce was extended about half a foot outside the bun in all directions, the fried egg was overcooked without any runny yolk (where's the fun in that?), and not sure about the rationale of grilled onions + fried onion ring.  Bright spots were the well seasoned and meaty cut of the applewood bacon, the perfectly melted cheddar cheese, and the smoky yet smooth addition of the chipotle mayo.  I would probably bump this review to 3.5 stars for the sweet potato fries.  Crisped to perfection with a gentle dusting of cinnamon sugar, these were a pleasant sweet foil to the savory burger and reminded me of the crunchy nearly-burnt edges of a solid french toast.  

Conceptually this sounds like it should be destined for greatness, but given the shoddy assembly of the separate components and the requirement of an artistic burger eye from the customer in building the perfect burger, one could do so at a more modest price with unlimited attempts in the comfort of his/her own backyard picnic.   However, I will be tempted to grab a burger at In-and-Out across the street and pop in here for those sweet potato fries in the future.
Great burgers! I had the Impressionist with fresh jalapeos and atomic mayo. Spicy!! Super friendly staff and great prices for casual dining.
Conveniently located near a Jenny Craig, Create offers delicious food while providing the flexibility and variety to create your ideal burger. You get a menu and pen and let the creativity commence: you circle your meat, bread (or no bread), toppings, and sides. Vegetarians should be pleased that they offer a mushroom and veggie burger. Although the texture of the veggie burger was kind of mushy but it tasted good. However, my side salad was unmemorable and should be skipped unless you're trying to lose weight or eat healthier. I was also impressed by the variety of toppings and affordable prices. Service was extremely helpful and kind. They offered and explained their custard flavors which was a sweet gesture but I was too full at that point. The only major downside? Torn booth seats that should be replaced asap. Otherwise, I recommmend this joint for a filling lunch.
I actually really liked eating here the other night. The decor is like hippy modern, maybe even tree hugging modern, I don't know. The burgers  are super good. I would go so far as to say that they're better than Five Guys Burgers. And its not as blindingly bright in here as it is at Five Guys. Plus the retro burger theme has been done a million times. 

The custom menu is pretty extensive - both my little niece and my vegetarian  gf found something they liked here. Fries? Awesome. Sweet potato Fries? Awesome. Service? Awesome. The giant chunk of meat? You better believe that was awesome. There was an older lady who very patiently explained their menu to us, we got free samples of their yogurt, I got a free soda for being a good boy and everyone had a grand old time. I didn't leave feeling like an overstuffed grease ball.

I would actually come back here to get a burger next time I'm in town. And its next to a miniature golf place so if you have little family members or just feel like touching a glow in the dark gorilla's butt...then this little strip mall will satisfy all your needs.
Meagen has excellent customer service.  And the food is great.  I'd recommend providing wi-fi for the customers.
All I can say is this place is consistently inconsistent.  One time everything is great and next time it is jacked up.
I rarely come, but when I do, they do fullfill my hunger needs. What I love most here is their service. The people love talking to you, and are more than welcome to help you out, and give you direction when making your own burger. Afterall, it's not easy to be an amazing culinary genius! You need a little help sometimes.

Everything is freshly made. I got the veggie burger. The patty is made with brown rice, tofu and beans I believe, and packed with corn starch to keep it together. It's a VERY filling patty so I got full fast. I did choose to top it with mushroom, swiss cheese, and avocados. Yum! I also opt for the king hawaiian bread (that bread goes great with any burger!)

Awesome burgers. Can't wait to try their custard which is also freshly made! Just a heads up though, the tab will rack up as you add more toppings. You get an option of ONE choice from every section, and some selected options are extra (like the king hawaiian bread for 15 cents). 

Th staff also mentioned that a lot of body builders come here to rack up on protein because their patties also be customized to be as big as you want it to be! Yikes!
We popped in here on our way to Rubio's, but figured we'd give this a go. 

Right away, the staff was super friendly and attentive. It was a little confusing when you walk in and I don't always love having to be instructed on how to order, but the personality of the staff won us over.

I ordered a turkey burger on wheat with swiss and carmelized onions. My boyfriend got a beef burger with fried egg and mushrooms.  Both were totally delicious.  We shared the fries, which were kinda soggy here and there, but overall tasty, and really enjoyed the multitudes of sauce options for dipping.  Surprisingly, my turkey burger was moist and didn't feel like one of those pre-fab frozen patties, like most turkey burgers you get dining out.

They did forget my boyfriend's chocolate malt... twice. But remedied it by being REALLY apologetic and serving a large instead of the regular size we ordered.  It was also a damn fine malt.

The ambience is your typical burger joint/fast casual kind of place. The booths were a bit busted and duct taped together, which was a bit trashy, but that happens. It's fine inside, but the whole place could just use a little zhush.

Unfortunately, there was a table full of really obnoxious people (adults, no less), laughing and yelling at the staff for more sauces and generally carrying on. More people kept coming and they started moving tables and chairs around, playing musical booth, knocking over condiments... and the staff kept accommodating them instead of asking them to tone it down, so that was a bit irksome, but likely a one-time thing.

We'll definitely go back, though. It's 3 stars this time, but could go up once we've tried more things and maybe they fix that  duct tape so it doesn't stick to my ass. :)
Not only is the food delicious, but the service was fantastic as well. The staff did everything to make sure me and my kids had a great experience. I'll be back again soon.
My turkey burger was over cooked and my fries were under cooked. I guess its hit or miss with the cook thats in the kitchen. Still the best burger in vegas in my opinion. Even if it is a little over cooked.
Create is a delicious, bet quite pricey burger joint near Summerlin. My wife had been to Create several times and truly enjoyed their food. My first trip was this past Monday and while I enjoyed my burger I walked away with a bit of sticker shock.

  Since I'm working on eating a little healthier these days I opted for the turkey burger. As turkey patties go this one was very flavorful and juicy. Create allows you to build your own burger with the use of a checklist of toppings that can accompany your patty. I went pretty traditional with the tomato and lettuce, but tried the bleu cheese and chipotle mayo. Both of those items made my sandwich far different than what I would have gotten from the run-of-the-mill chain burger joint. I opted for the regular fries while my wife went for the sweet potato fries. Both orders of fries were quite flavorful and the sweet potato fries received a health sprinkling of cinnamon which set off the flavor real well. 

  I have to admit that I have a hard time swallowing a $20+ price tag for two burgers and fries, but as burgers go Create has a quality product with a great variety in clean, friendly surroundings. I will be back for sure and would recommend Create Burgers to friends.
Very good customer service and burgers and frozen custard. To bad that they are closing at the end of March.
I came here about a week ago after seeing it on yelp.Walking inside i stood there for a mniute and no one came to sat us.You have to get a menu and sit yourself,I wasnt awear of that.After stiing down me and my grandfather looked through the menu.I ended up getting a bacon burger with american cheese and pickles,not very specil.The thing that is cool here is you can get as many sauses as you want with no charge,and you can get them on the side.So of couse i got a few

Burger-it was good juisy and the bun was very soft
Fries-crispy but ive had bettter
Onion rings-These taste just like the ones from star burger in bolder city,wich isnt a bad thing!
sauses-I got ranch,spicy ranch,hot musterd,1000 island sause,and i think thats all,the only one i didnt realy like was hot mustard it just wasnt my favorite,the rest were very good!
CLOSED

Went by today to get my Impressionist burger and fries and a sign on the door said they are permanently closed.  Shame, they had a great product, but I did see the writing on the wall.  About a year ago the lunch rush was big there wasn't an empty seat in the house. Lately there were maybe a third of the tables full.  I don't know what happened, but people stopped coming.  They will be missed.
I really enjoyed eating here.  They had Hawaiian bread burger buns and sweet potato fries.  Sorry to say that as of April 2, 2012, they are CLOSED....this time I.think forever.  I looked through the glass doors  to see that it was pretty much gutted.
When Lance owned Create it was super amazing. Ever since it was sold, it has gone down hill fast.

My wife and I used to go to Create every Wednesday night, but now, we have stopped going at all. Our orders come out wrong every time without fail and the staff has lost their energy and drive.  One time, there was a young child (probably 10 or 12 years old) at the register when I walked up. The adult behind the counter looked at them and said, "you can do it." The child proceeded to take my order... for 10 minutes while she searched for the buttons on the screen and tried to understand my request for "roasted red pepper Italian vinaigrette" on the side.  I ended up with red peppers on my burger and The Sauce on the side... not what I asked for.  Meanwhile, the adult behind the counter did nothing to assist; this experience was the last straw for me.

Also, when Lance was there he always had three custards: vanilla, chocolate, and a flavor of the day.  Create still acts like they have a flavor of the day, but in reality, it's a "combination" if the day using vanilla or chocolate custard. There is no additional "flavor" like orange, banana, or peanut butter.  And, when I ask the staff what is in one of the combinations, they honestly have no idea and aren't willing to find out.

Create used to be an amazing place, but it is just not anymore.
The burgers here are great for the price u pay. Will be returning for more
Insane custard. Custom burgers are cool but their specials are better value.  Get the big one.

Too bad this place is closed down.  Owners were cool too.
A co-worker of mine has been waiting weeks for Culver's to open and they finally have on 19th Ave & Deer Valley.  Apparently it's a big deal in Wisonsin, and they are now expanding to the west.  Today was the second day it was open and the place was packed, we had to wait in line for about 10 minutes.  Luckily we found a table that just opened up because I didn't see any other available. 

Pretty good as far as fast food goes.  Everything is made fresh to order - major bounus.  I had the butter burger w/cheese & crinkle fries and we split cheese bites made with Wisonsin cheddar.  All 3 were very tasty, hot and fresh. They also have frozen custard which I didn't try this time but will make a trip soon to sample. 

The restaurant has cute little sayings called Culverisms, for example: "Every time you eat a crinkle fry it's like giving yourself a high-five." I couldn't agree more, I am a sucker for those crinkle fries.
Ok so as a veg this place isnt too great to eat but the frozen custard HELLO mmm mmmm mmmmm!! You can have it any way you want it and that my fellow Yelper's, gives this girl some much needed pleasure ;)!! The staff is so frign delightful here I thought I walked into another dimension with all the politeness that was being dished out at such high doses. This is may be the best fast food place to hit the valley. 

I had the Avocado Pecan Bleu Salad w the ras. vinaigrette see pic. It was a perfect dinner for me last night and then topped it off with a caramel CASHEW sundae. Cashew's?!?!?! Are you serious.....wow!! Go here like NOW!!

P.S. Thanks to Greg for recommending!!

*I cant find my picture lol*
Growing up in Nebraska, I had a vague recollection of Culver's so I stopped in this location for a blast from the past.  The burgers are great, with a few not so traditional fast food menu items included.  But I keep going with the classic butterburger (they butter/toast their buns), and if I'm in the mood I'll top it off with some 5* frozen custard (check out their website for their "flavor of the day").

Lunchtime can be downright cutthroat when it comes to finding a table to sit at, the umbrella shaded patio was suprisingly tolerable on a 100+ degree afternoon.
Wonderful!  My husband and I took a little adventure to try Culver's  and landed there smack dab in the middle of the lunch rush.  I liked the way an  employee greeted us at the door and helped get everyone settled in to a line to order.  This made the crazy rush move so quickly it was unbelievable.

While I enjoyed my butter burger it had nothing on the cheese curds and the marvelousness that is Culver's custard!  So smooth and creamy I told my husband we should go back for dinner. :)  I'm glad I don't work in one of the office buildings surrounding the restaurant or it'd be all over for me.

Yes, it is a chain but a chain worth visiting.
Loved the food, service and clean environment!  My grandma and I eat out every Tuesday night and she had coupons for a place called, "Culver's".  It had burgers so I was game.  We had double cheeseburgers, fries and drinks.  She also got the cement shakes, or whatever they were called and loved them.  The burger was really tasty and the fries were nice and hot!  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  It had a large, clean dinning area and seemed to be family friendly. They also had TVs for the guys!  I have already told several friends about this place and I only had it last night for the first time! I say that would warrent a "woohoo"!
Excellent food.
Excellent Staff.
Very Clean.
Serves MT DEW
Kicks any of the majors severely in the grease trap.   It's like an In and Out with a menu, a Freddy's custard with better tasting food:)  It's hard to pick between them since on their basic items they are all pretty good in relation to anything with a 'king clown  of a ping pong ball advertising them.    

Good selection of sodas on tap, quick turnaround at lunch time and a change from string fries to crinkles. 

Here's why it's getting a 4.   They syrups   used on the custard are nowhere near good enough to match what they are sitting atop.
Banana's foster is great custard, fresh bananas and a hot syrup  that sadly screams cheapness and has a one note flavor.
I work nearby and have been to Culver's a few times. I liked the burgers and onion rings. I went with some co-workers one day when I wasn't in the mood for a burger and tried the fried chicken instead and wasn't very impressed. Next time I'll stick with the burgers.

Now as for the frozen custard, I do enjoy it but it only gets an average rating on my sweet tooth craving scale. Ranks above a candy bar from the vending machine, but below a chocolate chip cookie from Paradise Bakery.

Last time I went in, I appreciated that I could pay for my entire order but wait until after the meal to pick up my frozen custard. But then I got annoyed because after showing my receipt to the lady at the counter she handed me a number and put my order in, then proceeded to stand at the counter at chat with another employee. It's a freaking bowl of frozen custard. How hard is that to dish up?
Haven't actually been to the Deer valley Culvers (but will soon, based on what I'm reading here), but more importantly the other day when I drove by, there were loads and loads of film trailers out there for filming going on inside. Anyone know what it was?
Can't really add to what others have already said.  I've been to the DV Culvers twice now, both at lunch time, once on a weekday, once on a weekend.  Both times, restaurant was super busy, and the seating was a little cramped.  But, we made it through both.  Food was delivered fast and fresh.  I _really_ like the butter burger!  Way better then the big three (McD, BK or W's)  The shake was thick and tasty, and the crinkle cut fries were crispy and hot.  GF got the rings, which were also better then most.  I'm not sure how often I'll be able to return, as neither location is anywhere close to where I live or work.  But when I find myself at DV and the I17, and hungry, I know where I'm going...

4 stars, cause, well, it is still a chain, after all.
Living in Wisconsin has changed my eating habits forever. I never knew what deliciousness cheese curds were and how amazingly awesome it was when someone fried them. I had never tasted the creamy goodness of frozen custard until living there. The delight of having a beer on a nice spring day sitting by a lake surrounded by friends is nirvana. 

I definitely get food nostalgia and Culver's has come to the rescue. It's fast food, yes. But I put it in a category above McDoo and BK, with Chik-Fil-A and In 'N Out. Classy fast good. The restaurants are clean and the kids are friendly. The food is where it's at though. Nothing beats a butterburger, fried cheese curds, and a frozen custard. Just make sure to not eat for a week to be able to afford the calories in your diet.
Alright, I'm just gonna say this, I enjoy their burgers more than In N Out, and I LOVE In N Out. Fries are "ok" and you can add tons of toppings to your dessert. TONS of variety on the menu. A few nice TVs scattered about. It's a great place. Try it!
Went to Culver's last night with the family.  We are definitely not strangers to this place, having been dozens of times since they opened a year ago.    We were dining in, so the wife went up to place the order, while I found a booth for us to sit in.  The only problem was that the seats and table were both a little dirty.  Luckily, a napkin cured that up right quick, and we were good to go.  The wife came back after ordering and I went right over to get the same fountain drink I always get there, the Culver's Root Beer.  I'm not usually that big of a root beer fan, but their's is delicious.  Every time I get it, I'm mystified that a soft drink out of a fountain can be so creamy.

The food came 5-10 minutes later.  The wife had one of their new grilled chicken sandwiches w/ onion rings which we shared (I'd rather get the mashed potatoes, also delicious, but marriage is about compromise, right?), while I had a Classic Double Cheese Butterburger.  As per usual, the double burger was very good.  Possibly even good enough to challenge Steak N Shake (which for some reason still isn't in AZ!).  The onion rings were also good, nice and crispy.  We did not get custard this time because we were full from dinner and the flavor of the day didn't particularly tickle our fancy.

Culver's gets four stars for the good grub and good selection.  I will be back.
Tried this place for lunch today, wasn't really impressed, seeing the number of 5's on here.

The french fries are frozen, floppy, and they don't have much flavor. Maybe I'm spoiled by In n Out's real potatoes, but I like my fries tasting like potatoes. And seasoned, at least.

The chocolate malt was also just ok. In fact, it barely tasted like malt, and was way too sweet. I prefer a less sugary chocolate taste.

And finally, the burger. I got their Wisconsin Melt, which is essentially a patty melt with two burgers. 
It was well seasoned, but the seasoning was cut out by the amount of butter/griddle grease they use, so I could only taste the seasoning every once in a while, not good. Also, for a patty melt, there is a lack of onions, which I greatly disapprove of.

The whole thing was kinda greasy, and left a terrible feeling in my mouth afterwards, which is being currently washed down by a Becks.

In conclusion, just go to In n Out.
I work for a company based out of Wisconsin, so I've heard nothing but praise for this place. 

All in all, pretty damn good. The burger was quite good, better than Freddy's. The crickle cut fries were nothing too special, but they were hot, fresh, and had just the right amount of salt. The onion rings were great for fast food. The concrete (my choice was chocolate with oreo mixed in) was was better than most shakes. 

The only real disappointment were the cheese curds. Granted, I just got back from a trip to Wisconsin, where you can get fried cheese curds everywhere, but man, they were boring. They reminded me of those boring cheese sticks you can get at any bar. 

It isn't In-n-out, but it isn't trying to be, so the endless comparisons are a bit baffling.

All in all, worth the occasional trip out.
Well I have to give a shout out to my fellow yelper "Daren C."! Good lookin out on the Culver's. I had an opportunity to make this journey over the weekend and was not disappointed! 

The butter burger is far superior to Freddy's Steakburger. I love the crinkle cut fries as well. This joint was packed on Saturday! I like that I can get grilled onions on my burger yum. 

Culver's is A+ I would definitely recommend it!
I've been to this place a couple times since it's near work...the burgers are pretty decent, the patty melt is very good. I think their fries leave a little to be desired, they are the big fat crinkly cut kind, and sometimes they can be a bit soggy.

The ice cream here is yummy. The only problem I have with it, is that it's usually so busy I can't get in and get out in my 30  minute lunch break. Kind of a bummer.
I just don't get the hype.

I guess I never had a butter burger before, and I've from the midwest.  I had never heard of this place before.  I didn't think the frozen custard was anything great either.  My hamburger was fine.  Nothing special.  Maybe I'll have to go again to see if I change my mind.  Everyone seems to love this place!
.:chomp:. this is one .:mmmghgh:. good burger .:sllluuuurrrpp:.
It's got a great combination of yumminess with a side of .:chomp:. awesomeness. The burgers are great and .:chomp:. perfect. 

The custard is great .:lick:. and diabetic friendly .:mmmmmmm:.(They have no sugar added custard). i would definitely recommend this place! .:lick:.
I've been back to Culver's several times since the initial review for custard only, but went this week to celebrate a family milestone and got dinner and dessert.  I ordered my usual double burger with cheese, mashed potatoes and creamy root beer.  All were top notch, as expected.  

For dessert, I normally go with the custard of the day, or make a sundae (vanilla custard, peanut butter and either reese's pieces or cups is the bomb bay).  This time, I decided to go with a vanilla malt.  And not just any malt, but one with extra malt flavoring (note:  I was mildly annoyed that the girl at the register didn't indicate that their was an upcharge for additional malt).  This was a super thick, delicious, malty malt.  Usually a dessert from Culver's gets put in the freezer for seconds later, but this malt barely made it home it was so good.  

Five stars for the continued excellence on the food and the great malt.
My Freddy's Frozen Custard rating 2.5 had been *generously* rounded up to a 3, but no longer....I dropped 'em down. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz/freddys-frozen-custard-and-steak-burgers-glendale#hrid:GvLhtxnxG9PaPbLWxNuq6w

I went to Culver's, basically.

Now I get what Freddy's is trying to be.  Although Freddy's has a mythology that  lays claim to being the originator of the burger style, Culver's just does it better.  

They do everything better.  From friendly customer service, cleanliness, to the fresh and tasty food; and the thick yet crisp on the outside crinkle cut frys were simply a model of perfection on the delicate Greasy~Crispy Spectrum.

The burger?  Even though it was still in the take-two-patties-at-a-time thin style, each of these patties was about as thick as the two put together at Freddy's.   The flavor really proved that it was fresh, not frozen meat pre-grilling.  The meat was cooked all the way through, and yet still juicy.    http://www.yelp.com/biz/steakenburger-long-wongs-phoenix#hrid:K1GltivZImD5el_e8Qg2iA

The basic sundae automaticaly comes with 2 flavors of topping, so they aren't trying to unfairly skrimp you for skrilla left and right with extras.  Very cool, Culver's!   Boo Freddy's for being so lackluster with customer service, overseasoned with food, and generally failing.
Maybe it's because I'm not a huge fan of burgers, or maybe my expectations were just too high... The burger I had here was good, the chicken sandwich was pretty good too. The frozen custard... well.. I've never had frozen custard before, so maybe it was the best, but I didn't think it was any better than an original dairy queen soft serve. The service is rude, in my opinion. It was my first time and they asked what I wanted, so of course, to be easy I say "however it comes" and the response was in a better-than-you, teenage burger snob tone: "well, they COME plain, so you want it plain?" ummm... no. "okay, then I'll take everything" "so you want pickles?" "yes" "mustard and ketchup" "yes" well, if I wanted to do it that way I would have asked you to name off the ingredients... The fries were great and the chili fries were really great, but they still don't hold a candle to my childhood fave- Weinerschnitzels chili fries.. mmm....
Butterburgers. My opiate. Picture a savory, salty, amazing bite of heaven. Everytime that you watch a food show (I mean we're all foodies, right? Otherwise why would we be here?!) and you see the host go into some sort of orgasmic, loss of words mini vacation to paradise, I imagine this would be what they are tasting. This place can't miss. I have had impeccable service, tasty food, and its not expensive like a red robin or something. Ok, its a fast food place, but, its done right.. Or "culverized" as they call it. Yummy huge ice cream sandwiches made to look like enormous oreo cookies (although watch the "best by" date), flavors of the day... Cement mixers (picture Dairy Queen Blizzards)... I enjoyed some of their more non-traditional food, such as a pot roast sandwich and cheese curds. Yum! And this place is on my drive home from work too. Awesome! You will like it here!
My wife and I went for lunch,the burgers were juicy and mouth watering.The frys were hot,the pumkin pie custard was to die for. The service seems to be slipping.The counterwomen was rude,almost obnoxious.The boy delivering the food very uninterested in being pleasant.We hope service gets back to normal or we will being finding a new burger place.
For fast food - at least fairly fast - this is excellent.  Salads very good - although I wish they would bring back the cobb.  Burgers good, fries good and custard good.

As pointed out by another reviewer, this is not the best frozen custard I've had (try Sheridans in Watauga Texas), but it is very good.

Service always exceptional and cleanliness outstanding.  I enjoy the sports on TV when lunching alone as well.

Give it a shot.  You won't be disappointed.
I had never had frozen custard until Culver's came to town....but I am a convert!  It is so much creamier than ice cream, and when you add in some delicious mix-ins for one of their concrete mixers, it is like a Blizzard on steroids!  I love how they have different flavors of the day, so far I have tried the S'Mores (outstanding) and the Really Reese's (chocolate custard with Reese's - a chocolate lover's dream).  I have eaten the food a couple of times, the burgers are pretty good, but not quite an In N Out Burger.  I do like that the menu is quite big, try the cheese curds, something you don't see very often in AZ, but don't make a trip to Culver's without getting some custard!
Excellent burgers, fries and desert along with other menu items (including salads, fish, chicken items).  Coupons frequently available in the weekly AZ Rep newspaper.
It was raining, so we opted for drive-thru, so can't comment on the inside. Service was quick and friendly, everything made it into the bag! That's a big plus...cuz u know they **** u at the Drive-thru (to quote Leo G).

Burgers were good (we opted for the bacon cheddar ones). Buns got a little sloppy near the end due to the liberal use of mayo, but the lettuce was shredded, offering traction for the tomato (bland - but its winter, ya know?). The bacon coulda been crisper, and thicker, and peppered - but that's just how I like bacon.

Crinkle cut fries were crisp and hot (burger was hot when we got home too - plus there). Mashed potatoes were chunky with a decent chicken-flavored creamy gravy. The mashed was a nice alternative to fries...I'm not a big fry person.

We didn't try the frozen custard, unless u count the root beer float or the chocolate malted. Both were good, and ya gotta love a decent malted.

The burgers do have a taste resemblance to In-n-out so I see why so many people make that correlation. But, they seem bigger than a double-double if memory serves correctly.

I'll go back. Its not on my list of "to-die-fors", but its better than a lot of burger places if you don't mind spending a few more bucks on your fast food, or you want some alternate sides. Check em out online and see the entire selection - it may be what you are craving!
Maybe I've never owned a pickup truck or slept with my sister but i don't get this place just the same.  I might as well see stellar reviews for burger king or Wendys.  This place is fast food, processed, greasy, nothing special.  In n out it gourmet to this like a burger from roaring fork compared to mcdonalds, not to mention crazy over priced I guess to pay for their fancy sign.  Keeping it real there are so many good burger places and I'm glad fat people with no taste go here to save the good ones for me.  This being said I went because I work close and was dragged to for lunch.  I had the processed chicken sandwich and a bite of the butter burger.  Honestly should have got a happy meal from McDonald's plus would of scored a toy, that's like a free star.
I was elated when I searched yelp for places to eat near my office and found Culvers. I ate there two days in a row last week, and ordered the follwing:

bacon butter burger, lettuce style - SO DISAPPOINTED. I had high expectations for a burger cooked in butter. While not terrible, this is not even comparable with in-n-out.

chicken fingers - Decent, although I've been spoiled by Shane's BBQ tenders which are made in house. I'm assuming Culver's came frozen in a big bag and then were deep fried. Still, pretty good for fast food.

green beans - Not cooked nearly enough for my liking, forced down several fork-fulls then threw the rest away. 

Would only visit again if co-workers dragged me along. I'm sure I would have a different view of the place if I were in glutton mode chomping on the custard and french fries.
I had never been in a Culver's until yesterday and I thought the salad I had, was very good.  When you go in, you go to the counter and place your order and then they bring it out to your table. We didn't have to wait that long for our order either.  It is a very nice and clean restaurant and all the people are very friendly.  When we left the restaurant, their marquee showed "Pork Tenderloin" sandwiches.  You have no idea how excited I was.  There are very few places in Phoenix that have this type of sandwich, which is mainly served in the Midwest, so I am elated.  I didn't realize there were so many Culver Restaurants in the area and because of Yelp, I see there is one even closer to where I live, besides this particular location.  I highly recommend this restaurant and am very happy they came to Phoenix.
Popped in for lunch cause I am donating blood at work today and needed some red meat.  I got the bacon double burger.   It was pretty good.  The fries were not my style they were not very crispy.  I love how they have Wild Cherry Pepsi as it's one of my favorite sodas.  

As I have said in previous reviews I don't give fast food places great ratings because the food isn't great quality and the service is poor as there is no waiter service.  That being said Culver's is ok and they have great ice cream and shakes.
Edit (3/11/2011):  I knocked one star off my earlier review.  The last few times I've gone to this Culver's, the food has been hit or miss.  I've tried something new each time (from burgers to chicken salad sandwiches to fried chicken, etc), and half the time I get a great entree.  The other half of the time I get an uber-greasy or bland item.  The custard, though, is always consistently good.  The so-so food plus yummy custard = 3 stars.

My first review:

Culver's is awesome!  My family goes about twice a month.  We have young children, and find Culver's to be pretty kid-friendly.  It's both a fast food place and a frozen custard shop.  As for the custard, it is so creamy, rich, and delicious!  They offer chocolate, vanilla, and a flavor of the day.  You have some options like regular scoops, sundaes, shakes, cakes, cookie sandwiches, and blizzard-type thingies.  Then there's the crazy food menu that has tons of stuff like "butter burgers", crinkle fries, fish n chips, fried shrimp, roast beef or fried chicken dinners with sides, hot sandwiches, pork cutlet sandwiches (like a schnitzel sandwich), soups, salads, and more!  Cah-ray-zee!  Not only is the food pretty good, but the seating area is nice and clean, more like eating at a Panera or a Paradise Bakery than at a McDonalds, if you know what i mean.  They have flat panel TVs on the walls (showing news or sports) and an outdoor patio.  You order at the counter, get a number, and they bring your hot, fresh food out to your table fairly quickly.  All this, plus they have a drive-thru!  How they can offer all of their menu items, get them out quickly, and offer them in a drive-thru is beyond me, but they do it!!  DOUBLE CRAZY!

I only have three minor issues/complaints, if you can really call them that.  1) that they are almost always BUSY when we're there, but that's not really a complaint. :)  , 2) for being such a busy place, they don't seem to have enough seating,  and 3) the drink fountain:  It is in such a cramped, high traffic spot in the restaurant, that it often has a group of people waiting to fill up or just trying to get by.  The back-up of people might also be due to the actual fountain being really overly fizzy (i.e. People try to fill their cup and end up with half bubbles, so they spend extra time at the drink station dumping the top half and refilling several times.)  That's happened consistently each time I've gone.

Overall, a very clean, casual, and reasonably priced place to bring the family for dinner and dessert.
Culver's feels so good going in and going out thanks to their butter burger.
So if you want a true gourmet burger, you must go to a bar that has reputable bar food. This is difficult in Phoenix, the cuisine here is disappointing in every way, I know, I'm from the obese state of Wisconsin where people demand great food ( the state pastime). But Culver's, being from Wisconsin, is the obvious choice for a good burger and fries on the run. Forger the over-hyped, under quality, horrendous fries and long lines at the In and Out burger and go to Culver's. There aren't many around, but it's worth the drive. Otherwise, Burger King is a better choice than In And Out any day of the week.
After almost passing out in JCrew.. I know I needed sugar.. The bad cheating type that I am... I saw Culvers & almost took out 3 vehicles to make the mad swerve in for sugar & creme.. And all things nice.. No bad! Bad! :-) (I have a size 4 wedding gown screaming my name!! What am i thinking w all this cheating?!) .. I was good to order the small Bananas Foster custard sundae... I heard the bells toll when I took my first bite... And I ate half.. For me.. A little does alot.. Yum...
I used to make business trips to Kansas City where there was a Culvers next door to the shop I was at. We never once went to Culvers in KC on the advice of locals, but a couple years later this one shows up next to my home office in Phoenix. I tried it. I think I had a butter burger with a salad. It was nasty. The burger was basically a salted version of the junk you scrape off your grill after cooking meat. Also had a shake here once, it was ok.

I guess this will appeal to some though because the burgers do have butter and a uniquely crispy, salty flavor. And who doesn't love frozen custard?
Culver's is a must if you have not had the chance to try them out. I believe they have several stores now here in the valley. The Root Beer is a must as well as the Butter Burgers, Cheese curds, Frys, Frozen custurd....lol ...the list goes on... I have not found anything as of yet that I did not enjoy.
One word: Butter burger!

The burger patties are grilled in butter, so you get this really sensational flavor out of it. My favorite is the bacon butter burger, with a side of fries and drink.

Fries are regular, nothing special about them.

They also serve other meals like fried chicken, fried cod, etc. So nice alternative if you are not in the mood for a burger.

Their dessert section is also pretty good, the concrete mixers are nice and creamy, not too sweet, and pretty reasonable price compared to other ice cream places like Cold Stone.

The setting is very much like a semi-restaurant style, with seating out in the patio or inside. They also have TVs for you to watch while eating there.

It seems that Culveers likes to open their locations at the more outskirt areas of town, such as Deer Valley, Cave creek Road near the Loop 101, and their east Mesa location. I hope they expand to more populous areas of Phoenix so that other folks can experience the beauty of the butter burger!!
This was my first trip to Culver's and was not impressed.  I paid $7 for a combo meal and the burger was small (it was supposed to be their larger burger) and the fries looked like they came from a frozen package from the grocery store.  The place was clean and the staff was friendly...but I don't think this place will be around in AZ very long.
The hubs & I have been coming here for a couple years now. We usually hit the drive thru. Always get the same thing, butterburgers w/fries/onion rings & a concrete mixer. The employees are always super friendly & always offer our doggy a treat. Definitely our go to spot when we're in the mood for burgers & frozen custard.
I think this place has the better butter burger! (Say that three times really fast) Culver's, sure it's another fast food joint but they have great food and exceptional service! They offer a more diverse menu than most places.  It kind of a cross between a Burger joint and the Market Place.  In addition to burgers they offer things like fried cod, fried chicken, pot roast, chopped steak and fried shrimp.  They also offer a selection of different cooked veggies as sides.

But it's all about the burger for me.  The Bacon Deluxe served with two fresh, never frozen, beef patties seasoned well cooked to almost perfection with hot-melty-cheesy goodness, two slabs of bacon, served up hot and fresh on a lightly buttered bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo and pickles.  Now you can create any type of burger you want so don't let their menu deter you from ordering something you would like that may not be on the menu.

They have those crinkle fries and great onion rings.  My family loves their fried cheese curds (little balls of cheese fried, imagine that).  You can get either one covered with chili and cheese if you wish.

Some people go to this place just for the frozen custard but I recommend getting their lemon ice with blue berries! Less filling and really refreshing and tasty!  We've also got one of their frozen custard cakes for a B-Day and it was gone in less than 5 mins!

Here's a Culver's Secret: 
When ever you get a french fry that is longer than seven inches (laugh first, then read on) show it to one of the Culver peeps.  They may give you a free frozen custard in trade for that seven incher! (it's a promo they run every now and then) Also for those on a budget, order the kids combo you'll get a burger, fries and a drink with a free custard!
I need to give Culver's a high five. I normally don't go to Culver's for lunch since it is crazy busy and packed with the Honeywell and Cox crowd. But today I braved the crowds and must've had that "get out of my way IDGAF look since I didn't have my breakfast today vibe" since I zoomed to the front of the line and ordered right away and even found an empty table. 

I was in need of a fix and had a delicious and juicy double cheeseburger with all of the fixings. The cheese was actually melted on the burger, did you hear that Mc Donalds and Burger King? 

Culver's is more than a burger place. I also really enjoy their hot ham and swiss cheese sandwich (think grilled cheese but add the ham). Occasionally I'll eat the fried fish as well. My wife swears by the Turkey BLT sandwich. If you have a couple of bucks left over, try the ice cream sundae or any other of their dessert concoctions. 

Services is always spot on. So I think the menu is diverse enough to satisfy everyone in the family, plus it's very easy on the pocketbook.
I despise this place. Cheese curds are disgusting. 
I think this is literally the only place that has ever made me fear that I was going to go into cardiac arrest after leaving. 
I haven't tried the custard, which is supposedly what they are best known for, so I can't rate it on that level, but the food is really gross.
I love Culvers!
Reminds me of back east in Michigan. Maybe it was the overcast skies and the cool weather, or maybe it was the crowd gathered for the lunch rush, whatever it was it took me home. This place was a much bigger version of a small town burger joint. I will be back, just not at noon! Two words: controlled chaos. 
The food is good, but don't get that confused with good for you! Because oh boy, it is so not. But it was really very tasty! I had the basic deluxe burger, fries and a drink. My son ordered the chicken strips and fries. The kids meal comes with a frozen custard so I was able to steal a few bites.........sorry kid!  It was so rich and creamy, just how it should be. Friendly, quick and clean are all on the menu here! I would go back again after I run 10 miles to burn off those fries!!
We entered yesterday and had reubens, fries and soda.  Tasty, priced right and left me thinking about how much I wanted to return for another reuben again.

I see a lot of reviews about butterburgers and things I didn't try, unfortunately all I can comment is the Reuben that I had on my first visit (ever) and it was great.
They changed the formula on their mashed potatoes.  It took them from 'always delicious' to 'so gross I didn't even eat 1/4 of them'.  I emailed Culver's and the response was that they changed them so they could be aligned with the rest of the chain and match up with the nutritional guide.  So really, two strikes, 1/ sucky mashed potatoes now and 2/ apparently I was relying on an inaccurate nutritional guide for several years and dozens of visits...
This is my all-time favorite place to have hamburgers.  The burgers are smashed thin and cooked so they have a grilled burger lace around the edges.  The crinkle cut French fries are excellent also.  You always have to top off your meal with some custard.  I only wish there was one closer to my house.  Oh, and try the walleye when they have it.  It is fantastic.
I normally don't frequent fast food establishments often, however this past weekend we were famished after car shopping for 6 hours and needed a quick bite.  Since this new location is close to home, we thought we should give it a whirl, and boy am I glad we did.

First off, the bathrooms were quite possibly the cleanest I've ever seen at a fast food joint and the decor was nice and clean as well (probably cause it's brand new, but still).  I had a deluxe burger and onion rings and also sampled the cheese curds and strawberry shake my Husband had.  Oh my... the cheese curds and shake are to die for!  So good.  As for the burger- it was very good, maybe a bit salty, but not quite as good as In-n-out (in my opinion).  Either way, I know we will be back for those cheese curd and the shakes.  We were also excited to see the custard cakes and oreo cookies with custard... OMG I bet those are good.

For a fast food place, Culvers offers some unique items when you're in the mood for breaking the diet.
Great frozen custards & butter burgers, a variety of choices for food & dessert, friendly workers, clean place, a couple of flat-screen TVs, and the ONLY place we could find open on a Sunday afternoon.  

My coworker & I had just left the Phoenix airport in our rental car and were on our way to Flagstaff.  We were starving to death & decided to take a random exit in search for food.  

It was a Sunday after 4pm and why in the heck was every single friggin' eating place in this area   **CLOSED**  ....and so early...!?!?  

....NOT  Culver's,  thankfully.  

Phoenix people, what's wrong with you???  (btw, in Houston, a lot of our places close at 6pm on Sundays.)

I got a kid's meal, which comes with your choice of a main dish, a side of any choice, small drink (free refills for dine-in), and a frozen custard with 1 topping (any flavor/any topping).  

All the above was only $4.49 (plus tax).   The frozen custard is FREE with kiddie meals.  Just don't forget to use your coupon that comes on your kiddie bag or you'll lose out.

That was a really great deal & I was stuffed.   I love that you can get any side and there were so many to choose from, like coleslaw, salad, fries, mashed potatoes with gravy, green beans, onion rings, etc.

I chose the butter burger for my main dish, the coleslaw for my side, and the strawberry custard with banana slices for my dessert.  I enjoyed my whole meal.  I loved the thick & creamy custard. delish!!!  It was a decent size too for a kid's meal.

My coworker got a reuben and salad.   He enjoyed his meal too.

If I'm ever back in Phoenix, I'm asking my coworker if we can stop by here again.
Is it possible to cheat on your girlfriend with a burger? Every time I come here I get a bacon double butter burger. And its one of the best burgers I've ever had. Once I take that first bite I never put it down until the last. I keep it so close to my face it probably looks like im making out with it. And when im done I feel satisfied, yet guilty lol.
I had the new Prime Rib dip sandwich. Not much good to say about it. The size of the sandwich was very small and it was very salty. I had the cheese curds for the side which wasn't bad.
The food is always good and the staff is always friendly! Can't go wrong with the cheese curds which are oh-so-yummy!
I eat here often because it's right next door to my work. I usually only get a plain single butter burger with mashed potatoes and gravy.  That order is the least in calorie count and it's good.
Meh. 

Ate here because I was in town for a grad school interview and this place was close to our hotel. 

Got the chocolate shake, butter burger and onion rings. Everything was okay, prices were cheap (but I'm used to so-cal prices). I definitely prefer five guys or in and out.

They do have a large menu with sandwiches and sides so if I'm ever in the area (though very unlikely) I'd try something else.
I realize I'm going against the grain with this review, but,  do we really need another corporate burger place. The sameness is dreadful. The burgers are average, noise level - average, decor - average, ambiance - nonexistent. Walk across the parking lot to the Greek Patio and get some real food next time you're in north Phoenix.
Not sure why this place gets so many raves for their food. Don't get me wrong...the frozen custard is delicious,  but the burgers, hot dogs and stuff are just average. We showed up with some friends who insisted we try the butterburgers. They tasted like Wendy's,  only about 3 times as expensive. The fries weren't bad, but, like everything else in our society, they were salted way too much. If the prices were closer to a regular fast food place I would give them a higher rating.
Bomb! Burger was so good, tasted fresh. I hate to say this, but better than In-n-out. Fries weren't that great. But I'm definitely coming back next time I crave a burger. Ice Cream and Burgers in one stop, I'm there!
Love the custard and quality food!  Best place for cheese curds :).
I really like their burgers.  They are buttery delicious.  Also, their rootbeer is yummy!  And of course the custard.  Just wish they fries were a little different and I wish restaurants would take out the TV's or just have one area so families can visit.
They have a frequent lunch punch card. Get one. Use it. Save more $$.

Wish they had coupons more often.

Fast service.

When they started putting the fish sandwich in a cardboard box, they left the top bun off the sandwich like 3 different times.  They finally seem to have corrected that process problem.

Food is yummy.  I like the chopped steak and fish sandwich best.

I do not eat the frozen custard.
Prices are a concern in a competitive market and In-N-Out beats Culver's price wise.

Burgers are good but too greasy for my preference. Fries are not as good as  In-N-Out but comparable to McDonald's et al. Malts and custards are expensive and loaded with calories - but competitive with Dairy Queen.

Service -- Good
Location -- OK
Price -- Relatively high
My original review still sticks. 

We went inside this time. Burgers still good, juicy and delish. Got mine topped with mushrooms and swiss. Added some cheese curds to the side - which may have been a mistake. Not that they were bad - but 2 patties w/cheese, curds and a malted are plenty o' calories and fat for me in one sitting. 

If yer lookin for a juicy burger and a malt - check it out.
Anything I have ever had here is great!  You won't be sorry for going here!
My colleagues and I came here for lunch. We just beat the lunch rush and was ready to order. The cashier was somewhat rude however she did get my order correct. There was a lot of space in the sitting area. I got my order pretty quick. Double patty mushroom & swiss burger with cheese curds. Food was bomb!!! Cashier lady was not.....I don't expect sunshine and rainbows but a smile does go a long way.
I can only speak for Culver's fish sandwich because I never had one of their burgers. So this review is NOT about any other items Culver's sells.

Culver's is like one of my favorite places to go for a fish sandwich because it is made with North Atlantic cod that is hand cut, hand battered and cooked to order. There's no denying it, their Fish sandwich is like a Filet O' fish on 'roids. It isn't a processed fish filet like other "fast food" places. Their fish is light, tender and juicy.  The batter tastes great, without being greasy. It was perfectly crispy. I found every bite to be delicate, flaky extremely tasty and and plentiful.

PRICE: reasonable prices. SERVICE: Friendly employees and they bring your order to you so that you don't stand around awkwardly waiting on your food. FOOD:  The portions and value are very good. Absolutely the finest quality and unlike a typical fast food fish sandwich fish and chips, it isn't  oily. it had a nice breading with a tempura quality to it, but thicker. AMBIENCE: The interior itself is very nice, clean and well decorated. CONCLUSION:  If you are looking for good quality fast food, friendly service, great variety at a decent price then this place is for you ...You really can't ask for more.
When I ordered at the drive thru, the lady working the drive thru speaker messed up the order multiple times. Also, the drive thru did not have a digital box that showed your order and that amount that was due, which caused more confusion on top of the lady who kept screwing up the order. After 5 MINUTES, the lady finally got the order correct. 
     The food was good, but the drive through experience is what made this review at 2 star one.
So their website advertised something and they didn't have it...ordered fries and no ketchup in order.i called and they wouldn't make the order correct. I won't go back
We love their custard. I love getting the chocolate custard with a cone and my husband gets the peanut butter concrete mixers. They pile on the toppings which I love. They are always helpful and love they have so many high chairs plus booster seats. Kid friendly.
Awesome custard and burgers.  Nothing says greasy happiness like cheese curds.  They do it right considering they are a big chain..
Typical Culver's. 
Food is always tasty and hot (because I always have to pull forward and park).
Do not leave this place without getting their ice cream (I think they call them concrete mixers) seriously delicious! One of my favorite places to go to get a nice cool treat! Customer service is great!
Admittedly, I try not to eat too much fast food. (The high proportion of morbidly obese patrons at Culver's explains why.) this place is highly overrated, though. The burgers are only slightly better than Burger King and McD's, a situation the wider variety of sides makes up for only a little. Even the vaunted cheese curds are just meh: tasty for the first few but too greasy fried to feel good about finishing. The same applies for pretty much everything on the menu. There are cheap hamburgers worth the colestherol-induced food coma this place always provides, but this isn't. Try Lenny's Burgers or Two Hippies instead. They're both better and cheaper.
Decided to try this place for dinner. 
For a fast food place, it is very overpriced.The butter burger was dripping with grease, and was otherwise fairly bland. 
The cheese curds are tasty, but the fries are merely average. 
The chicken sandwich was decent at least.
So we've been hearing all sorts of buzz about Culver's.. the famous butter burger and frozen custard place from Wisconsin. So we piled in the car and headed out to Mesa. When we got there the place was packed.. we stood in line for 10 minutes before it was our turn. The service is very friendly and super helpful. We even ordered the flavor of the day, caramel cashew swirls and were told we could pick that up later so it didn't melt while we ate our dinner.. that was very cool!

Anyway, you place your order and they give you a number so they can bring it out to you when its ready.. another nice touch. Well after we got our food, butter burgers, fries and cheese curds we felt well, kind of let down. The burgers here are alright, kinda greasy and lacked a good beef flavor. The cheese curds were also deep fried (as most on the menu) and were good but not as good as I was hoping. 

The crowd there.. it was like I was in Iowa or something.. definite Walmart crowd.. I sat there and watched this kid pick his nose and then proceed to fill his soda cup from the soft drink fountain.. uhm, yeah.. I just looked at my cup and thought about all the other people who touched that button.. suddenly didn't feel very good. 

We got our frozen custards.. eh, very very smooth and creamy but to me just tasted like ordinary soft serve ice cream. Cashews were salty and nicely roasted, a good contrast to the smooth custard but lack depth and interest in the overall taste of the frozen custard.

I probably wouldn't ever go back here.. though the service is great and is priced well, I just don't think the food was worth the drive back out to Mesa.
So my roommate is from Wisconsin - it is an endless source of good-natured teasing. She's been yappin' about taking me to this Culver's since October.

So like a good roommate, I went with her last night with a couple of our friends and I have to admit the ButterBurgers are much better than your average fast food joint fare. They also had a varied menu that included salads and chicken which was a nice surprise.

Best reason to go though - the custard. 

Good burgers but it's still no In N Out!
Yum! Frozen Custard! I've been dreaming of it since I got back from a visit to Green Bay last summer ;)

I was excited to hear that Culver's opened here in Mesa -- I don't eat their burgers, but it' s nice to have a place for frozen custard -- there are so few places for any type of frozen dessert in Phoenix (which is odd, considering how hot it is) and there are even fewer places for custard.
When I went to Culver's last weekend, I had the  peanut butter cup custard -- it was delicious. My husband didn't really see the difference between custard and ice cream, so I had to give him the custard speech: It's really different! First of all, custard is so creamy, when you jab your spoon in it, it just sticks there. Custard won't even fall off your spoon. And it has a much more egg-y flavor, probably because there is more butterfat and more egg yolks in custard than in ice-cream. There's also a lot less air in custard, making it denser than ice cream. 

While Culver's was never my FAVORITE place for custard when I lived in Wisconsin, I have a lot of fond memories of hanging out at the place in high school, and I'm glad to see it brought here to the Valley.
Change is coming to Arizona.

After years of being written off as a red state, a new challenger had emerged from the Midwest with the hope of turning us blue. In a challenging economy, the naysayers wonder if they will get very far. Others have ignored them as a bunch of hype, providing no hope to Arizonans and their diet. And by now, many Yelp Elite members have all but counted them out.

But the people at Culver's have a different idea.

They realized this race isn't about them or any other burger franchise in this state. It's about whether Arizona-at this defining moment-will continue down this same road of being dominated by Californian or Texas chains, or whether we will seize this opportunity to take the state down a different path--to forge a different culinary future for the dining scene we hold dear.

And yet, in spite of all the doubt and disappointment - or perhaps because of it - many have come to Culver's Mesa location out  in numbers that this country has never seen, and stood for change. It stands reassuring, a familiar in a strip mall laden with an uncertain future, physically incomplete and a harbinger of an age of economic insecurity. But wait in line or sit in the drive thru and you will see that everything is made to order. And for some this means you will have to wait, and wonder if your window of opportunity is passing you by. But then a friendly face walks up to you and hands you what you have been waiting for.

Culver's faces an opponent, In-N-Out, who arrived in California nearly eight years ago as a fast food hero, and earned an admirable reputation for a simple menu and independence from the franchise model.

Yet the one thing that In-N-Out doesn't represent is change. 

Change is mixing ground sirloin and ground chuck into a single, uniform taste. Change is coating the bun in butter and then toasting it. Change is serving a burger where you taste this more than the sauce.

Change is offering different sides than just French fries. Change is allowing combos not just with salads or even mashed potatotes but Dairyland Cheese Curds. That is the legacy of earlier progressives like Bob LaFollete and Hiram Johnson.

Change is promoting your desserts just as much as your burgers. And change is being willing to eschew the safety of ice cream and the novelty of frozen yogurt for the consistency of custard. 

That is what change is. 

That is the choice this fall in Arizona.

The same question that first led us to Yelp a year ago months ago is the one that has brought us back here.  it is the one we will debate from Anthem to Maricopa, from the East Valley to the West Valley- the question of whether this state, at this moment, will keep doing what we've been doing, or whether we will take that different path. It is more of the same versus change. It is the past versus the future. It has been asked and answered by generations before us, and now it is our turn to choose.
If you don't like Dairy Queen, just stop reading now... 



Are they gone now? 

OK, for the rest of us, Culver's is a family-friendly fast food joint, and their Butter Burger is pretty good. As other reviewers have mentioned, the burger is not the same as In-N-Out, but I get sick of the same old burger. I like some variety, and this is a good-tasting, fairly high quality burger. It's a bit unique because they butter the inside of the bun and press the beef patty until you get a slightly toasty outer edge on your patty. As for the sides, the cheese curds are not that great (A&W has better), but the onion rings are good. I haven't tried their crinkle cut fries yet, but I hear they're pretty good. Eh, from now on, I will just get a single Butter Burger and a small custard; that's more than enough food for one person!

I will probably visit Culver's every month or two just to try something new from their large menu. The service is VERY good and VERY friendly, the restaurant is clean, and there is a nice LCD where they show sports games. However, you shouldn't bother coming to Culver's unless you like ice cream. The custard tastes a lot like soft-serve ice cream, but thicker and richer. The different flavors of custard mixes are fun, but avoid the brownie bits (eww!). On the other hand, the turtle mix was really good with all those nice roasted pecans.

Give Culver's a shot. Just skip the sides and save PLENTY of room for dessert
Ambience: 5/5 (relaxing blue and white decor, always super clean, with quality tables and booths and televisions in the background, outdoor patio seating; it's a fast food burger chain, but it feels like a family diner, and that's a good thing) 

Food: 5/5 (ignorant chaps from the west coast will tell you that In-N-Out Burger is the best burger joint in the world; they are dead wrong; Culvers's butter burgers are made from the freshest beef, grilled to perfection with that oh-so-tasty char-grilled edges and a slice of Wisconsin cheese, topped with a toasted bun with a pickle on top; a burger simply cannot get any better; the other thing they are famous for is genuine, made-fresh-daily creamy frozen custard that simply is unparalleled; do yourself a favor and drive there right now, order a double butter cheeseburger with ketchup and nothing else, substitute cheese curds for fries, upgrade your drink to a frozen custard banana shake, and enjoy the best meal you will ever eat at fast food joint) 

Service: 5/5 (this is what fast food service should always be like; friendly staff who genuinely want you to enjoy your meal; efficient counter service in which they give you a number, cook your food fresh, made to order, and then bring it out to you; for fast food, Culver's has unparalleled service) 

Value: 5/5 (a little more expensive than other fast food joints, but it's still reasonably priced and the food is so much better than the competition that you are more than getting your money's worth) 

Verdict: there is no debate, Culver's is the best fast food restaurant in the country; they have the best burger (butter burger), the best side (cheese curds), the best dessert (frozen custard), and the best service; sorry to say it to all you In-N-Out fans, but Culver's owns In-N-Out in every category possible.
If you've read some of my other reviews you'll see a trend. 

Kohl's Department Stores.....Brewers spring training...... 

Yep, I'm a cheesehead. (But if you EVER actually catch me wearing a hunk of fake foam cheese on my head, shoot me. Really.) 

What can I say? I like Culver's. It reminds me of home. It's total comfort food. 

Got one of their Wisconsin Swiss melts. What other fast food joints offer burgers with Swiss on rye? The crinkle cut fries are always hot and fresh. And tasty. 

Culver's is known for their frozen custard. What Wisconsinite has not driven past a Culver's, looked at their sign, checked out the 'flavor of the day', and gone, "Hey, that sounds good!!", and quickly pulled into the parking lot? 

If you're from Wisconsin or the Midwest stop in for a Butterburger and some custard....it will bring back lots of good memories. 

Like another reviewer noted when he said he felt like he was in Iowa or something.....well.....that's the whole charm behind Culver's. You DO feel like you're in Wisconsin or one of the upper Midwest states. 

Granted I'm not the best person to review Culver's....I'm a little biased towards it. But if you want a 'different' kind of fast food experience and you've never been to the upper Midwest, it's a heck of a whole lot cheaper than flying there. 

Give it a chance....see if you like it.
You know if there is a frozen custard place anywhere in driving distance I will find it!  I'm tickled pink to find this one not far from my daughter's house in Mesa, AZ.  I even felt their quality was better than the ones's I had visited in the Mid-west and Texas, though maybe it was just cause I'd missed them.  

Usually you won't catch me suggesting a fast food joint but we went here for lunch today.  I got the Pork Tenderloin sandwich which had a meat pattie way bigger than the bun it was on, perfectly breaded and fried with surprisingly fresh lettuce and tomato on it.  Daughter got a Deluxe Butter Burger with two patties and two slices of cheese.  It was good too.  

She got a Reese's Peanut Butter "Concrete Mixer" drink for dessert, which I tasted and liked.  I got a Sundae with a scoop of vanilla frozen custard and Hot Fudge on top and it was so smooth and creamy, just like it should be.  I hope to get back there again before I leave but even if I don't at least I got my fix today!
(4/19/09)

5/1/00
I couldn't resist stopping here on the way to my motel.  I decided to try the "Walleye Basket" which was the daily special.  The fish was good and it was a thick piece and the breading was nice and crisp but it was very oily (10pm, end of the day) and the fish had a slight cod liver oil taste so I would probably not order it again.  The mashed potatoes were okay, about on a par with KFC, maybe a little better.  The Daily Flavor of Frozen Custard was M & M Mixins, which turned out to be a chocolate-vanilla mix with M & M mini's in it.  I would have liked it better without the candy.  The frozen custard was delicious as always.  They locked the doors and stopped letting people in before 10pm closing which I thought was not cool, especially after seeing two little boys be disappointed when they found out they couldn't get any frozen custard.  I guess the teenagers thought if they started closing before 10pm they could be out the door at 10.  That's not how the restaurant business works though.
The place looked good from the outside. Yet, as I ordered one of their burgers, I was disappointed. The beef patty was very thin and soggy. The fries were, in addition to sharing the sogginess of the burger, a tad cold. The place was packed though--so, it must have been one of those orders that did not hit the mark. I am not sure I would go back.
A few years ago I discovered Culver's while visiting my sisters in Austin. I fell in love. When I learned they were building one within a 10 minute drive from my house, well, I can't describe the feeling. It's actually a good thing that they aren't closer or I'd probably weigh about 20 more pounds than I do.

Anyway, Culver's has perfected the hamburger. Who else but a midwestern fast food chain would come up with the concept to dredge their hamburgers in butter before cooking them? They aren't those frozen uniform-sized patties either. My personal fave is the Swiss Mushroom variety but they have lots of other options as well. I hear the salads are good too - I just like the burgers too much to order anything different.

And their frozen custard is truly food of the gods. If you've never had frozen custard, you are in for a treat. It's like ice cream, but even more creamy with a slightly firmer texture. I tend to lean towards the turtle sundae which is assembled to perfection - vanilla custard topped with caramel, fudge and pecans.

They also have some very creative flavors of the day, including cheri amour amaretto, turtle cheesecake, bananas foster, caramel cashew, chocolate covered strawberry, apple pie... the list goes on and on.

The best part is that the prices aren't but a tad higher than you'd pay a McDonald's. Our family of 4 (which includes 2 teenage boys) can usually dine there for about $30 including dessert.
Two facts:
Culvers trumps In N Out.
Whoever compared Culvers to Dairy Queen is bonkers. they don't even compare

I have been hearing this dumb commercial about 'being culverized' on KTAR and all I could think was how dumb it was that we were getting commercials for places we don't even have.

ha, i was dumb. we do have a culvers!!! and i am now in love.

reasons why it's better than In N Out:
-while I love In N Outs meat patties, their cheese selection sucks. at culvers you pick your cheese- american, cheddar or swiss (i hate american cheese which is the only cheese offered at In N Out)
- They have red onion, i love both onions but red is way better
-I like their hamburger patties just a bit more than In N Outs(both are good)
- Culvers shakes and custard are totallllllyyyyyy better than any milkshake In N Out could ever make.
- I love all the options of burgers you can get at culvers! including bacon and if you dont want a burger their chicken strips look pretty awesome


 i am so excited i heard those dumb commercials and looked them up!!!!!!

i will say that In N Outs fries are way better than culvers.  but that's it.
Culver's is an unusual place.  From the road, it looks like another Dennys or (gasp) Waffle House kind of joint.  For years I drove past frequently and assumed that's what was going on inside.  Not true, it's actually a more of a fast food joint, but with a massive menu containing more traditional items you'd sooner expect to find at Dennys, plus a ton of dessert items.  It has a large seating area, and is relatively clean.  Employees are friendly and efficient.  Those last several traits you won't find at your local Mickey D's.

They brag about their "Butter Burger" being the cat's meow.  Gotta disagree with Sam - it's NOT a better burger than In-N-Out, but it's still pretty decent and of course there's a ton more stuff on the menu than the mighty king of drive-thru burgers offers.  Tonight was my second visit, the first time having the aforementioned burger, which I liked plenty, then tonight I opted for a creation called the "Wisconsin Double", which sounds more like something on the menu at a seedy Oshkosh massage parlor than at a restaurant, but I digress.  Rather than a tag team of local masseuses of questionable character, it's actually a patty melt-type of thang, with 2 of the better-than-decent hamburger patties slid between slices of grilled rye bread, topped with swiss cheese and grilled onions.  No additional greasy stuff (mayo, thousand island artery cloggers, etc) added to muck up the formula. That sucker was pretty damn good, and not your run-of-the-mill fast food fare.  For a side (to complete a "basket", consisting of entree, side & medium drink) I opted for the cole slaw, which was just barely OK.  The greens were fresh and crispy, but something about the dressing just didn't do it for me.  Last time I was there I opted for the mashed potatoes (Brak LOVES mashed potatoes!) and they were great.. not sure wth I was thinking this time.  Lesson learned.

Didn't have a dessert tonight, but last time had some sort of lemon ice concoction, and it was great.  Lots of interesting desserts on the menu, including something called the "concrete mixer", which sounds frighteningly unhealthy, but is probably very tasty.

All in all, a solid 4-star experience, and receives Brak's coveted seal of approval.  Give Culver's a shot, I think you'll be glad you did.
My husband and I took my 2 teen sisters here a couple weeks ago & maybe my expectations were too high after reading all the great reviews, but I thought this place was seriously over-rated. 

The food and service were just average, comparable to most other burger joints. We got burgers, chicken tenders, and onion rings. I prefer the onion rings at Sonic to Culver's. We also got the "concrete mixers" for dessert and again, very average. I will say I was impressed by the nice women's restroom :D
For a fast food burger, this place is TOPS! Far superior to In'n'Out, which seems to be what a lot of people choose to compare it with. I guess it's like the whole Coke vs. Pepsi thing, except with burgers. And my choice is obvious. Tons of choices for toppings and condiments, fries are crinkle-style and tasty, and the selection of deserts is almost too much! Fresh food, friendly service, clean dining room and restrooms. Food takes a little longer than say, McDonald's, but it's well worth the extra minute. Give it a try, I think you'll be impressed.
The burger I had there was tasteless and had a weird texture. The fries were decent and their signature Rootbeer was delicious, but I've definitely had better elsewhere.

In all fairness, I did not try their frozen selection, so I will definitely come back to give them another try.
Culver's gets five stars on their custard alone. If you've never had it before, if it's done right, frozen custard is like the richest, creamiest ice cream you've ever had. 

Being MN/WI transplants, the boyfriend and I were quite excited when Culver's opened up in AZ and have since introduce many friends to the joy that is frozen custard. Now, in WI frozen custard is quite common and Culver's actually lands towards the bottom of the list for custard places. But here in AZ, Culver's shoots right to the top. 

They have a nice variety for their flavors of the day and if you're not into that you can make your own sundae. They have shakes too and in the fall they have a pumpkin pie shake that is the best thing in the world. it really tastes like pumpkin pie in a cup.

Their burgers are good, not my favorite. Surprisingly they have really good salads - I know, right? The boyfriend loves the cashew chicken salad and I adore the strawberry salad. 

They also have cheese curds which is great when I need a little bite of home.

Their staff is usually very friendly too, which is a nice change from some fast food places where they barely say hello to you.

So grab your Packers jacket and head over to Culver's for some dairyland delight.
On the suggestions I've seen here, we decided to head over to the Mesa Culvers today for lunch. I'm pregnant and have been craving frozen custard (yes, distinctly frozen custard, not ice cream). The menu of sandwiches and whatnot is what drew me in otherwise. 

I had a bacon cheeseburger (single patty) and some of the crinkle cut fries. My hubby had a basic cheeseburger, but opted to try some of the chili cheese fries. My daughter had a hot dog, side of applesauce and milk (kids meals also come with a coupon for a few scoop of the frozen custard). 

To top my own meal off, I got the Culvers Rootbeer (caffeine free). 

Hubby liked his hamburger and accurately (in my opinion) described it this way: Reminds me of when places like Wendy's and Burger King used to really cook their hamburgers from raw meat over real grills.. as opposed to what they taste like now, which is microwaved frozen cooked patties. 

They were seriously tasty! I really enjoyed my hamburger. Right down to the bun. I snuck a taste of hubby's chili cheese fries and they were really good, but nothing super special. However, i could see wanting to come back and have a basket of those as my meal. 

My daughters hamburger was served on one of the signature butter grilled buns, and it tasted awesome. But I should have remembered that she doesn't like grilled hot dogs. So next time we'll get her the chicken.. but this time she ate the applesauce and some of the crinkle fries from my meal and was pretty happy. 

On our way out we redeemed the coupon for the custard and she got a scoop of vanilla. I got a scoop of choc. and vanilla on a waffle cone. I REALLY wanted to try one of the other desserts (like a concrete or a milk shake) but I just decided to try the basic custard. It was so delicious! Just what I wanted.. that creamy custard type consistency (so different from ice cream.. less airy and icy and more creamy). 

I can honestly say that it's good that i don't live right next door to it. I would be there a few times a week otherwise!

I signed up for their e-club and got a coupon for a free basket with the purchase of a basket but i forgot it. So now I know I at least have to go back for that! haha. 

With so much on the menu that I want to try, we'll definitely be back!
They make possibly the best burger on the planet....nuff said!
First timer for me, after hearing all the raves about the great food.  The double deluxe burger was VERY good--as good or better than In/Out but they are not as generous with onion as IN/Out is.  French frys can't hold a candle to IN/Out.  Will try their cheese curds or onion rings next time to see if any better. The custard was a big disappointment.  I admit I don't think I've ever had frozen custard before but I'll take DQ soft serve or almost ANY frozen yogurt over what I tasted on this trip to Culvers.
FInally, a little taste of Wisconsin has come to the valley! I remember two things about Culvers from my days in the north woods: it's really unhealthy and really tasty. So when I saw they had opened up in my neighborhood, I just kept on driving.

It turns out that the menu isn't as unhealthy as I thought. It's still a variety of fast food (though definitely more high quality), but with a little planning you can find some good choices on the menu. The pot roast sandwich and mashed potatoes without gravy is less than 500 calories.

Suffice it to say, I've only had the pot roast sandwich and plain mashed potatoes at this Culvers. Both are excellent. The pot roast has a fantastic flavor and always tastes fresh. The mashed potatoes are smooth and creamy. You won't even miss the gravy.
Love this custard. Its really one of the ONLY places in Phoenix for Custard. Amazing here in AZ there is no good ice cream to be found. I am definitely a fan or culvers however its not super close to my home. I love love love the Turtle Sundae.
Kind of like an upscale Dairy Queen, serving frozen custard creations, burgers, fried chicken, and anything else frozen or fried.  Their burgers are known as Butterburgers since they are thin patties cooked with a pat of butter.  I had some cherry cheesecake concrete and cheese curds.  The concrete was good, and was thick and rich, with chunks of cheesecake and small bits of cherry (more chunks of cherry would have been nice, but it still tasted great).  I wasn't a big fan of the cheese curds.  They are basically like a mini version of a mozzarella stick, battered and fried.  The cheese itself was a bit salty and I got tired of eating them after the 5th cheese curd.
The way my Dad talked about this place I seriously expected them to give you free lapdances with each meal. He serviced them and said their kitchen was one of the cleanest fast food kitchens he'd ever seen and then went on to blab for hours about how their food couldn't compare to anything else and they were going to change the way Arizona sees fast food.

We came here as a family for dinner. The place was REALLY crowded and the line long. It's kind of hard to order because they make everything made to order (which is good I mean...yum fresh!) but that means you have to explain what you want in detail on every burger. When you're ordering for a family of five, that makes it kind of complicated. I thought their prices were a little high too but my dad insisted it was worth it. 

The burgers were really good. I was a big fan. The fries were whatever, but my dad ordered fried cheese curds and those were really tasty. Everything came out pretty quick but we discovered that we had been charged for an extra meal. So we ended up taking home a meal we didn't order because the line was so long we didn't want to complain about it. My family ordered frozen custard but I'm lactose intolerant so I held out. They said it was great though.

I'd definitely come back here but not with my entire family. The ordering situation was just too intense and messy for me. If they're going to be as busy as they are, they should really have a better system.
I work not far from this place so of course I have eaten there because it is within walking distance. I was not that impressed. Their burgers, I feel, are too greasy and thing. The onion rings are just like any ordinary onion ring. The fries are okay. I have had a salad there and I wasn't that satisfied I ended up not finishing it. 

I could do better by going across the street to Carl's Jr.
This is some of the best ice cream ice ever had! It's like ice cream on steroids!!! My son and I got the concrete mixers. At buy one, get one free, you can't go wrong!
The Swiss burger was alright. I don't know about the fries though. It was hard to get a table in there.
They make an AWESOME milkshake. I also had their onion rings and cheese curds, which were tasty!
Have had one thing here and have returned multiple times for it.

Pumpkin Pecan Concrete Mixer

Sweet pumpkin goodness and their custard is great. It has the right amount of pumpkin, pumpkin spice, and is filled with whole high quality Pecans.

Freaking YUM
I expected much more from this place.  I had heard exciting tales of succulent burgers cooked in yummy butter, and while I could definitely taste the butter, the rest was bland and poorly balanced.

Fries were ok, but they felt like a cheap Del Taco knock-off.

Service?  If you like a snotty heavy-set woman getting short with you, then it's great.  Culver's needs to hire some better folks, especially if they're trying to get their foot in the door here in Arizona.  They need employees who can think.  I had a coupon for a buy one get one free Double Deluxe, and they wouldn't substitute a cheaper burger for the free one.  Logic doesn't fly here, apparently.

Oh, and whoever designed the parking lot is an idiot.  What a horrible, cramped design.  If you drive a big truck or SUV, good luck to you.

I won't go back.
A true taste of the Midwest.
PFG for a lunch time burger.  I had the double with cheese and bacon with some slaw on the side.  Filled me up and gave me a greasy feeling all afternoon, but while eating it, I have to say it was really tasty.  Don't come here expecting to find burger nirvana.  Even writing this feels like I'm doing a review on a McDonalds or a Jack in the Box, but being from Hawaii and having never tried a Culver's butter burger before I'll give myself a pass this once.  Basically it's a fast food place that kicks it's burgers up a notch by adding butter.  If Mickey d's did this, they might have a law suit on their hands.  But I say as long as it's legal, the butter burger plays. 3.5 stars.
I got the frozen custard here, which is very tasty BUT I'm only giving them three stars because custard should have thicker consistency.

I got the vanilla custard with butterfinger pieces and hot fudge - YUM :) The cool thing about the hot fudge was that it didn't melt the custard too much and had a really sweet flavor, which I appreciated.

I also got to try the Andes flavored custard - which actually tasted like the candy and was green in color, most likely from the mint filling - it was definitely tasty.

If you're in the mood for ice cream, this is definitely a good spot to head to!
Culvers is a great place! They have a large menu to please just about any one. I often suggest Culvers when I am trying to think of a place that will please almost any one. They have kids meals and old fashion dinners with items like pot roast and mashed potatoes. Culvers has nice salads also.The fries are not very good, better off with mashed potatoes, cheese curds or onion rings. 
The custard is alway yummy, maybe a bit too sweet but good. The fruit freezes are good. Overall, a nice place to get a low cost meal.
Most people who know me know that I love food and live to eat! Most people who know me understand that I am slightly eccentric. Most people who know me know that I plan my trips around what and where I am going to eat. So, most people who know me should not be shocked to learn that I drove to Arizona for a hamburger. What Carrie D? You drove to another state just for a hamburger? Are you crazy?

Perhaps I am a bit crazy, but when I read about Culver's I absolutely had to try their burger and custard...so my partner-in-crime (Brian V.) and I booked a hotel, hopped in the Mini, and drove to Arizona. My BFF Forest W. just happens to live in AZ so we picked him up and headed to Culver's.

Once inside I went all "fan girl" and honestly I think I freaked out the employees at the counter. They seemed genuinely shocked that I drove from another state just to try their food. After they figured out I wasn't dangerous they described the menu items, took our order, and volunteered to take our picture in front of the menu. They were very cool and alot of fun!

We all had the Three Cheese Triple Butter Burger. Three smash burger patties with American, Swiss, and Cheddar Cheese. It was really good, but did not match the magic of Freddy's Steakburger or Steak & Shake. Definitely a solid 4 star burger though. My two companions shared the fried cheese curds and loved them, in fact Brian V. said he would go back to Culver's just to eat the cheese curds. 

For desert we all had the Flavor of the Day Concrete Mixer which was something involving chocolate custard and snickers...decadent crazy deliciousness! 

Thank you Culver's for not disappointing this slightly crazy burger fan. By the way, it would be awesome if you could open some stores in Southern California!!!
Amazing. Enough said.
One of my favorite fast food places, they always have good food (never had a sub-par meal).  Employees are always friendly, and the restaurant has always been clean.   They did however forget to give me napkins in the drive thru **a need when trying to eat in your car, so that is the reason for the star drop
So delicious.  The butter burger....WOW! and the Culver's house brewed Root Beer is the best I've ever had.  

Tip:  The fries kind of suck, so substitute for the cheese curds!
Good food Horrible service!!!!!!!!  They need to have an intervention with a Dr. of Customer Service.  Management please step it up, help your staff be considerate and respectful.  

No matter how good the food is if I receive horrible service more than once, you get one star.
The best! Could eat there everyday!
I only had ice cream, and the burgers either have to be delicious or terrible from the looks of them. Lots of friendly people working.
Excellent burgers and their ice cream blows DQ out of the water.
After 10 years, I finally have my Butterburger fix. As good as I remembered it being in Madison, WI. That wonderfully beefy and nicely toothsome hand-formed patty. In-and-Out has nothing on you. DQ? Not even in its league... Culver's frozen custard is good, the cheese curds are as described... but the Butterburgers?? Out of this world!
When I first moved to Phoenix and then to the East Valley I was looking for new and different places to try.  I had never heard of Culver's.  I looked over their website and on one Saturday afternoon my daughter and I took a ride out this way.  We looked over the menu and I had one of their famous Butter Burgers.....Mushroom and Swiss, and my daughter had a grilled cheese.  The kids meals come with a one scoop sundae too, good deal.  Let me say that Butter Burgers are delicious!  I love them.  Their fries are good too but then I found cheese curds......OMG!  I am from California so I had never had these morsals of goodness before.  A Butter Burger, cheese curds and a root beer and I'm good.  But then the frozen custard.......YUM!!!  And a Concrete Mixer....wow!  And they run a special on pints to take home.  You can get 4 pints of custard for $8 and change!  Good deal!  They have a different flavor everyday.  Recently I had Pumpkin Pecan and it was delicious! The service is always fast and friendly.  I have never experienced anything but a smile here.  This location is about 10 miles from me and not far in the grand scheme of things.  I recently found out that they opened a new location closer to me!!  YAY!!  Forget those other fast food joints.  McDonald's pales in comparison.  Butter Burgers are fresh and soooo good.  And they have a variety of other choices.  They also offer fried chicken, fish and salads.  But note....this is NOT for someone on a diet.  This is where you splurge!  I love Culvers!!  Now if In and Out had frozen custard too I would be torn.
My family goes to Culver's about once every other month. I love the Butter Burgers and cheese curds (which I had never had prior to going my first time).  One time I did have the grilled chicken sandwich and I was very disappointed. It was dry and salty, not at all what I've come to expect from Culver's food. Every time we've gone the service has been great and everyone has been super friendly.
I fell in love with Culver's when I went in Wisconsin back in 2007. At the time, I had only tried the custard, which is absolutely divine! I went there a few times until I had to return home to Arizona. After a few years of patiently waiting, I found out Culver's was coming to Mesa! I was elated!!! Since then, I have expanded my pallete to their burgers, wraps and sides. I still think the custard is what makes this place special but their other food is good too. I love the fact that they have flavor of the day for custards. Totally amazing place and I would recommend to anyone who likes burgers, fries and custard.
Best burger in Mesa. Cheese curds are amazing. Grew up in Wisconsin, so when I get homesick... 

Stick with the basics, burgers, fries, and custard.
Been here twice. Service/ food delivery is fast. I always like how my burger is cooked. First time I had bacon cheeseburger, loved their fries. Second time I had kids meal cheeseburger and a separate order of cheese curds - they were pretty good. It almost beat Smash Burger ( my next fave burger place )... I also like their VIP card where in you get a free meal on your 8th visit. And having me and my husband ordered two different meals (one receipt) , they still stamped the card twice. Only gave 4 stars having no Culver's close to our house. Overall, worth the try!
The food is good. The custard is amazing. Clean and classy little Burger joint.
I can never complain about the food.
Custard is pretty good-but pricey for what you get-a la Cold Stone.
Burgers are good-menu seems to be trying too hard to offer too many things to too many people. I like the cheese curds though-more places should have them.
I'm told this is a midwestern chain, which explains some of it.
The staff is almost eerily pleasant, and at first it was a little off-putting, but now I like it compared to the standard indifference you get at most places.
Smash Burger has just been smashed.
Got our order of 8 perfect!
You know, for a chain, this place is pretty amazing. My mom and I go here often when I take her grocery shopping. The staff is very friendly and super-helpful. I've had a couple of the burgers, and the pot roast. Who's ever heard of pot roast at a chain fast-food place? Culver's does it, and it's good! There are plenty of sides to choose from. The ice cream is actually frozen custard, and oh my goodness! They do a special flavor each day, vanilla, and chocolate, with various configurations and mix-ins available. Prices are reasonable. Worth it!!
This is the best place we have found for breaded pork tenderloin sandwiches!  They are amazing!  Their custard is well worth the price!!  Just like homemade and so many options!  Get a frequent customer card and get free custard AND a free sandwich basket after so many stamps.  Great place!  Highly recommend!
I love this place. So many options when it comes to side dishes.  Instead of just frys. As far as the custard goes. Their is many options you can do as far as topping. It's. It close to me but I don't mind taking the drive.
Love this place! Visited it for the first time tonight. I ordered cheese curds and a pumpkin cheesecake custard via drive-thru. Woahhhh, heaven! Employees were nice as well.
Definitely shouldn't visit too often because I can already feel my butt getting bigger. 
Nice treat though :)
I loove Culver's! Their cheese curds are amazing! The people are friendly and everything on the menu is damn good!
Best burgers in Arizona!!  'Nough said.
Thank God people started opening Culver's franchises in AZ; I've missed them sorely since I left the Midwest.

The food won't make you any thinner but wow it is delicious for fast food.  Favorite order is the Double Deluxe Butterburger Basket.

Every location I've been to has very friendly staff and very clean eating and condiment areas.
Burgers are great!
It's what a burger should be.  Greasy dead delicious animal on a bun.  I always go with the double bacon deluxe, and cheese curds.  Their company root beer is good, and their frozen custard is too.  This is my favorite burger to eat when hungover.  The grease comforts my stomach.
Frozen Custard is very smooth, it's really good! They also have burgers that beat other fast food places. They have cheese curds that are pretty good but I cannot compare as this is the only place I have had them. The food here is not bad and the Frozen Custard is smooth and delicious!
CUSTARD ONLY ! ! !

On my way home from work, I decided that I needed something cold and sweet . . . and so I decided to stop by Culvers for a custard.  Ordered the daily special . . . today's was Turtle Cheesecake (two scoops on a waffle cone) . . . OMG . . . it was out of this world.

Here was my dilema . . . I'm now finished . . . I'm still not quite half way home . . . do I go back for another . . . Home won . . . but I will be back.

There is only one problem with the Daily special custards . . . if they have a mix in them, like pieces of cheese cake, nuts, or fresh fruit . . . they are mosly on the top of the custard and not throughout . . . so when you get to the bottom of the cone, you ussually only have the base custard . . . still great . . . but sometimes you still want the extras.
Another great spot for burgers...
The burgers remind me of BK or The Habit Burger Grill, due to its pickled taste. 
Aside from burgers, the sides are pretty good stuff. Cheese curds are absolutely delicious. The fries and onion rings are great, but nothing out of this world. The milk shake is pretty awesome. It sort of tastes like the one from...Habit Burger Grill.

Wait...

Dude, this place does taste like The Habit Burger Grill. Anyone else feel the same?
the food is really really great .........
Great burgers, not so great atmosphere!
I love this place.  The employees are helpful and courteous.  The food is amazing .  the custard is awesome.  Fill out the surveys on their receipts and get free custard.  you can also get free custard with the kids meals :)
The vanilla custard with a simple reeces is indescribable!
I was at my son's basketball tournament and I have a complaining teenager about being hungry. Found the closest place I could. I've always wanted to try Culver's burgers cause I've heard people talk about it. 

Anyways, order a single butter burger (doesn't sound too healthy) with cheese and fries. My daughter gobbled it up in less than a minute. I though the burger was pretty good. Juicy and fresh. Not bad. The fries were very crispy. Now I have another option when I have a burger craving.
Its from Wisconsin baby! of course its good!!! ice cream, burgers & root beer. Every once in a while I'm feeling Culver's so I'm glad they made it to town
Didn't leave disappointed, but not thrilled either.  

Chopped steak was done really well, but the green bean side and mashed potatoes did not impress.  

Frozen custard, though, can hide many restaurant sins.
This place is the epitome of trash food. It was disgusting. We ended up throwing our food out because the burgers were so greasy and the cheese curds were still frozen in the middle. The custard had a weird, slimy consistency. The fries tasted like freezer burn. Wow, fast food has hit a new low with this place! Never again.
So Incredibly disappointed at the total lack of any business sense they showed tonight. I went there with my 3 kids tonight and I forgot my wallet. I had a credit card in my truck that didn't work because I never use it, so I called my wife. 
They wanted to hold our food until my wife got there. I offered my I-Pad, and or truck keys as collateral and they still didn't budge. What a bunch of idiots. You've got a good customer who's in a little bit of a jam and he can't pay for his meal for 10 minutes and you don't just give him and his kids their food? Such incredible poor judgement. I was ticked off I left and we went to DQ instead.
Better than your average burger. It's worth it to go just for the burgers. Then add either the homemade rootbeer or frozen custard and you have 2 or 3 times as many reasons to go. The custard is awesome! The rootbeer is really good-somewhere between the sharpness of Barq's and the sweetness of A&W-a really pleasant compromise. My favorite custard it's caramel with strawberries. Give it a try you won't be disappointed.
Tried to find something to eat at 9 pm. Ended up in Culver's. Tried their butterburger value basket. Overall there was nothing special with their fries or burger. The burger tastes really similar to steak 'n shake's burgers. As for their fries, really plain. Pretty average fast food I would say.
Butter burger!! The fries are the only thing holding this place back. Onion rings are the way to go. I don't venture out on the whole menu.
This review is for the frozen custard only and holy crap, yes, FIVE STARS FOR CUSTARD.

I've lived my whole life on the west coast. Do you know what we don't have nearly enough of on the west coast? Frozen Custard.

I'd spent a few summers in Illinois as a youth and my favorite nostalgic fat kid memory is eating Culver's with my aunt. My dude and I were in Tempe to run a half marathon and what better justification for eating the most calorie laden of all desserts than a 13 mile run? We had eaten a huge lunch a few hours earlier, so we only drove through for custard (yes, this was after the run, hence the desire to sit in the car and eat). I got a scoop of vanilla and a scoop of chocolate in a waffle cone. Thankfully my dude got his own because once I tasted it I was NOT sharing.

It's probably good we don't have Culver's in California. I suspect I would have some self control issues if I had all the time access to treats this delicious.
Hadn't been to Culver's in a couple of years, since I changed jobs and don't get out this way anymore. Nice to see they haven't changed. Frequented by seniors because it's a Midwest fave and for the good prices. 

Ordered the bacon cheddar butter burger (single) with curds and a drink for under $8. Lunch arrived in 6 minutes flat-nice. Burger was hot, juicy and choice of standard toppings: mayo, mustard, onions, lettuce, tomato, etc. 

Bacon was crisp too, just perfect. Cheese was thick cut with a slight melt. The cheese curds are not what you'd expect on your first visit. They bread them and fry them to perfection. Nice little cheesy nuggets of flavor. 

The service at Culver's is always tops. Greeted properly at the door but not with the robotic 'welcome' you get at fast food. As the food is delivered to your table, the server always asks if there is anything else they can get for you. I was offered a custard sample at my table as well. 

Culver's is a go-to for quality, service and price.
This place is always busy and the burgers are pretty good - we usually get the double deluxe (to share) but my favorite is the pattie melt.  We go here mainly for the french fries (crispy crinkle cut) and I really like their chocolate malts.
Love the butterburgers and cheese curds here!! A must go for a good burger and very decently priced. Always made to order so you know its fresh. The bacon is cooked to perfection and makes a nice crunch. Just how I like it!! Had to sub the curds for the fries, but that's not a problem with a cheese loving kid like myself!!! Will be back for sure.
Great food, friendly service, the frozen custard is great. 
I definitely will be coming back here for my guilty pleasure cheat days!
SO GREASY. SO GOOD. I love eating at this place because I feel like every bite of their food is in direct sacrilege to vegetarians and vegans. It just feels so good to eat whatever I want and live my life without people telling me what's good for me and what isn't. Like every time someone orders a burger there, a vegan collapses from protein deficiency. It's so satisfying. Anyway no offense intended to real vegans and vegetarians, you can do whatever. Yo want just like I can, but you know the kind of people I'm talking about. Like people who do crossfit. Not sure if you know anyone who does crossfit? Don't worry, they'll tell you. God these butter burgers are so delicious, but they really make you feel like you need to take a nap. Or a coma. No satire intended I really do love these burgers. God Bless America.
amazing
I've only ever been through the drive through, so as for service, I can't really say. As for the food, everything is at best, mediocre. The butterburgers are pretty awful in my opinion. They are extremely greasy, thin, overcooked, and have NO flavor at all. Even the toppings (Mushrooms etc) had no flavor. A little salt can go a long way! The mashed potatoes tasted like bad cardboard, and some of the other sides were pretty sad. The only good part of their food is the custard which is pretty good, as well as their shakes.
So confused on why people think they have good burgers. Even the burger patty looks weird. The buns taste anything like bread and the quality sucks.
this place is great. good burgers. good fries. good ice cream.

Need I say more?

Oh yeah, their service is unparalleled by any other burger joint.
Great reminder of home and the Wisconsin custard!
This place was pretty nice. Burgers were delicous. I was disappointed that the ice cream was too sweet and I loooove overly sweet things. Probably will go back but mainly for the burgers... if you want frozen yogurt I would suggest a different place.
two words.....BUTTER BURGER!!!, add a custard and your in some serious business!!!
Curds....
Butter burgers.....
Milkshakes....

I might be coerced into committing a crime at around 2am if it meant that a bag filled with these beauties was presented to me afterwards....
I have heard of the ZuZu for about a year now, but finally made my way to it. I first heard of it when I was camping and there a fine gentleman camping next to me with a soccer team of young children. In apologies for the kids running around my campsite kicking soccer balls into my campfire, he offered me and a friend some corn chili (vegan). I accepted and it was pretty good, not amazing. I started talking to him and it turns out that he is one of the owners of the ZuZu. 

As I said before, I thought I would give it a shot. It was friday night, but it wasn't busy in there. There were a few groups in there, but there were open tables. My friend had already arrived and was eating a pumpkin chocolate chip muffin and had order a cappuccino. I order the salmon wrap with greek salad and rice. My other friends ordered some tapas (spicy pita) and wine.

The food didn't take long in coming out, although my friend's cappuccino took about 15 minutes.

The wine was pretty good, it was a merlot and I don't typically enjoy reds, but had no problem drinking this one. The salmon was very enjoyable and salad was pretty good too. The rice was not great and I only ate a couple of spoonfuls. I was full at the end of the meal, which is always a plus in my mind. 

The counter staff and "wait" staff (they just bring you your food, don't actually get you drinks or anything) were very courteous and friendly. 

Price was pretty good (I paid 8$) and I will probably hit this place up again.
I live a block away from Zuzu and love it.  I can walk over there to treat myself to lunch (usually a sandwich and salad), ice cream, or pick up some spotted cow.  The prices are about what you'd expect at a coffeeshop/cafe, which is why I don't go all that often, but when I do pop in I enjoy it.
The cafe is clean, they have the Onion and nice big windows so you can sit and watch the neighborhood while you sip your coffee.
Go here for: 
1. Courteous, patient service.
2. Kids EVERYWHERE (not a bad thing, especially if you're a college student who never sees people under the age of 18). 
3. Good reliable sandwiches and some interesting specials. 

Zuzu's finally got free wi-fi and now there is no reason NOT to go here.  They have everything one could want, from ice cream to beer and wine to outdoor seating to tons of windows to delicious lunches- it is a little out of the way, but that means that the crowd is much different than any other coffee shop downtown and not infested with hipsters and Mac computers.  I certainly don't think these are bad things, the change in atmosphere is just a nice change.  Plus, you can't get garlic aioli like this, on sandwiches or their delicious Mediterranean potatoes, anywhere else in town.
Went to Zuzu's on a recommendation from a friend's sister's fiance...great choice.  Had some sort of sandwich named after a road...and it was GREAT.  There was some sort of sauce involved that was just spectacular.

YUM.  Cool place, cool location, give it a shot.
What a great replacement for the stop-and-go near Vilas Zoo.  

Growing up in Madison I used to always wonder why there weren't places like ZuZu's in the Vilas area.  The neighborhood is so peaceful, and it's the perfect atmosphere for a nice sit-down cafe to relax and soak in some sunshine.  ZuZu's provides all of that and more.

The place is somewhat split into two sections.  There's a children's play area that has model trains and tracks setup, along with other toys.  I could imagine this getting pretty loud if there was a lot of kids present, but such was not the case when I was there (only 1 kid present).  The rest of the cafe is filled with comfortable lazyboy chairs and booths with tables.  It was a great place to sit and have casual conversation on a Saturday morning, or read a book for a few hours.  

For a coffee shop / cafe, ZuZu's has a surprising amount of food options on the menu.  All of them seemed unique, with a Caribbean theme echoing through most of the selections.  They also have a cooler with a variety of beverage choices and some basic grocery goods if you're just stopping by to pickup milk, butter, etc.  Service was prompt and polite.  I only ordered a drink, but a girl in my party had a olive/tomato sandwich and it looked very good.

Overall, great place to go if your looking to relax, grab a bite, and enjoy a casual weekend.
The setting and layout of Cafe Zuzu couldn't be more perfect: a bright sunny space with lots of windows on a quiet corner right across from Vilas Park. The staff are friendly and helpful, the coffee's great, and there's a good selection of baked goods. But I've gotta deduct a star for the food. My experience has been limited, but the turkey panini I had today was a travesty. I wasn't even sure if there was turkey inside: I had to open it up to find one thin slice of deli turkey inside. They also make their paninis on pita bread, which sounds good in theory but doesn't work nearly as well in reality.
  To summarize: great location, great coffee, friendly staff, great for kids. But if you're hungry, scrutinize the menu carefully.
Went there one afternoon and really enjoyed it. The food tasted fresh, nice mozzarella and tomato panini along with a side salad of micro-greens.  Absolutely great, I wouldn't have changed a thing... except for a bowl of tomato soup instead of the salad.

The layout was a bit wonky, seating was  getting a seat, the chairs were loose and falling apart, tables were not as clean as I would like, they seemed to trust the diners do do their own bussing but for the most part the people do.
A darn good panini. Nice neighborhood cafe...lot's of kids playing..bright colored decor.....good food. The tables rock sometimes...and the tables can be a little sticky...but....a darn good panini!
I went for the first time today. I had a nice time there despite the umbrellas being too small to actually protect you from the hot sun...I would have gone inside if there hadn't been a zoo of children screaming and crying. After buying a coffee and iced tea (each refilled once) as well as a cookie, my girlfriend and I decided to eat the lunch we packed. Since we have had no problem doing this at other local coffee shops (barriques -both, Michaelangelos, Espresso Royal-both, Fair Trade, Starbucks, Java Den, Pete's, and Steep and Brew)--yes we drink a lot of coffee--we thought it would be fine at ZuZu's. Towards the end of our meal an employee who seemed like a manager or owner (not one of the friendly people who had previously helped us) rudely informed us that what we were doing wasn't ok. According to him it is 'common sense' that you can't eat lunch there, however given that we frequent coffee shops and have NEVER had an issue, I think it is the other way around. 

Yea the coffee was good, but you can get Alterra at Barriques. 

Sure, having wine and beer at a coffee shop is unique...unless you include the better selection of both at Barriques.

I'll admitt the cookie was good, but I've had better at Barriques

In conclusion, Go to Barriques for better food, better drinks, and better service. Barriques is located on Monroe st. across from Trader Joe's and on West Washington near the capitol...basically there is no reason to waster your time at ZuZu's.
I go to Edgewood and I love going to the zoo since it's free and a great way to get out during the day and do something more interesting than just sit outside. Every time we go we stop at ZuZu's. It's great, I love the food, I love people watching and the street is always busy on a nice day. It's pretty inexpensive, which is great, and I've never had something I didn't like. Perfect place for the Vilas area, love it. The only thing I would say is that there isn't much seating, especially outdoors, so it's hard to find a good spot, and we've ended up just eating on the curb.
Peanut butter jelly time?  I think not!  Not sure why the PB&J is only appart of the lunch menu, but if you want one for your child before 11 am, dont count on it.  The two employees were unwilling to relay anything to management (which we believe was skyping on the nearby couches) that it is easier to make a PB&J rather than a smoothie.  The employees only knew to say that it was against the policy to make a PB&J before 11 am.  
Anyways, I ordered an egg sandwich with tomato and turkey and it was just an ordinary sandwich in that I could have made the same thing at home, but better because I would have had Tobasco.  I asked for Tobasco but  was offered their homemade "chili" sauce, which tasted like pureed sundried tomatoes with chili powder.  It wasn't bad, but I enjoy the bite of Tobasco with my eggs.  

Anywhoo, so if that was management relaxing on the couches, then shame on you for not standing up to defend your strict PB&J policy and invest in a lil Tobasco!
I like the location near the zoo, the atmosphere and room is nice with an outside eating area.   I've only been here once but I was disappointed with the pita panini I ordered.   It was quite large with a large slice of turkey and some cheese in the middle.  It just wasn't that flavorful and the whole thing was less than 1 inch thick.  It was adequate but I would never order it again.  The soup was fine but also nothing to write home about.  
I will probably stop by again sometime and try something else.   The turkey panini really needs improvement.  I want it thicker with thicker pita and maybe some sprouts.  Layer the turkey and maybe do some other flavor things with it.
A cool, hip cafe that I stopped at briefly on my way to a Sunday Funday meetup in a nearby park during my weekend visit to Madison. It has a fun vibe and vibrant color scheme, reminiscent of places like Starliner Diner in Columbus, Papermoon Diner in Baltimore and the like. I only got a mocha having already eaten breakfast, but if I were a local, I could see this being the type of place I visited regularly. Very, very large patio, by the way.
I really want to like this place. I've been there with my two year old son about four or five times in the last year in conjunction with our trips to he zoo. I think in the future we'll pack a picnic lunch and just eat at the zoo. While there are many signs that this will be a child-friendly experience, I can't say we've ever gotten that vibe. Examples of this are the luke warm service and signs around the place about strollers not being allowed, and not letting your child play with the water dispenser - understandable requests, just not delivered in the friendliest of ways. The food, while seemingly fresh and local, is quite skimpy and pricey for what you actually get. For example, the child's turkey sandwich is one slice of turkey in between two pieces of pita. In theory, this place is fantastic. In practice, I think we're done with it. Some better customer service would go a long way to improve the experience.
I was not impressed by this place.  For $10 I got $6 worth of food.  My pita consisted of cheese, the occasional red pepper, and one slice of lunch meat turkey, but was mostly bread.  The soup, which was the best part of the meal, tasted like it came from a can.
Over priced and just average enjoy it urban hipsters.
The service wasn't very friendly. The self-serve ice cold water was nice though! I had my two-year-old with me. Judging from the overall look of the place and the crowd they must draw (visitors of the Henry Vilas Zoo from across the street) I thought they'd be child-friendly but it appears to be otherwise. 

Ice cream was ok. Outside seating was nice. However, next time, I wouldn't make it a priority to stop here after visiting the zoo but I wouldn't mind getting treats from here again if I absolutely have to.
Please excuse if my descriptions are too spacey or vague in this review as my pallet is currently in a state of pure euphoria and it's slowly seeping into my head. 

This is my first time here. I had a small Alterra Americano and I was not let down. I sipped my steaming beverage and did some work for a while.

Hours later, here I sit with one of the (if not the) best bowl of soup I have ever had during my short 21 years here on earth. It's the Jarre soup, a smooth tomato base with tender chicken, long grain brown rice, garbanzo beans, and a SPECTACULAR hint of mint. 
The closest thing I can compare it to is a light Thai soup/noodle dish. This is because the soup has several finely layered flavors that fire at your tongue like a semi-automatic rifle as soon as the spoon is in your mouth.

Go to Zu Zu's. Eat the jarre soup.
The restaurant was nothing wonderful.  The dining area seemed dirty.  The kitchen seemed slightly unkept and the staff unfriendly.  Unfortunately the toys are mostly dirty, broken and/or unkept.  The toys in sandbox, on our visit this past summer, were simply dangerous for kids.  Every plastic sand toy was either broken or cracked.  The women's bathroom was appalling...everything seemed dirty and/or broken.  Toilet paper roll was barely hanging on by one screw.  We had often talked of visiting ZuZu Cafe but we will not be visiting again.  Too bad because the place seemed to have promise and potential.  A little extra care and attention to detail would improve this restaurant and give it a true character.
Stopped in here for a quick coffee and breakfast, but we got there a little after 11, which is when they stop serving breakfast. Sad face. Got the hummus plate instead; LOVE their hummus. Lots of bright lemon-y notes, and a giant, generous dollop of hummus. Not enough pita bread to soak it all up; that's ok, hummus is also a good salad dressing. Giardinara is a surprisingly appropriate addition to hummus. The pita wedges were piping hot and delicious with tomato and cucumber. Their hours are 7am-7pm and they sell wine. Short walk from my house, win-win.
I am very glad to have ZuZu within walking distance from my apartment. This place makes Vilas neighborhood much more attractive. I have always enjoyed zuzu's coffee and food. They are not spectacular, but I don't have any complaint. 

Nonetheless, if you are looking for a hipsters' cafe, then you'll be disappointed. It is really a family style cafe-restaurant than a place to bring your laptop to work. It's a great place to stop before or after your visit to the Henry Vilas Zoo. 

Interestingly, they also sell milk and cheese in their mini market in the cafe. I don't know how many customers take advantage of it, but could be pretty convenient for people who don't want to travel far for some basic grocery items.
I just visited Zuzu's with the family.  We'd never been there before and knew nothing about it (stumbled upon), so we took a few minutes to read the menu (like 2-3, maybe).  Despite the fact that there were no other customers waiting, the cashier grew obviously impatient with us and was fairly rude.  Maybe it was too early and *he* hadn't had his coffee, but breakfast was not off to a good start.

DH liked both his latte and his breakfast.  The coffee I had was OK - not great, but fine.   But the blueberry muffin I got to split with my daughter was inedible.  It was  dry on the outside (as though it were a few days old?) but raw inside.  I've never had a baked good that bad before.  I probably should've brought it to their attention, but after the initial bad experience I didn't really want to interact with the barista/cashier guy again.

I've subsequently heard that this place is great if you know what to order, and that it's better for lunch than breakfast.  And it's possible the staff person was just having  a bad day.  So, maybe we'll give them another chance at some point.  But first impression was not a good one.
Stopped here for lunch with a friend before we headed out of town!  Everyone was stoked about their meals!  I chose the hummus plate which featured a variety of veggies and pita bread with a good portion of hummus!  
It was pretty small for the 8.99 price but the taste made me forget about that awful quick! 

I also got a vegan brownie to share, and that was the highlight of the of the lunch for sure!  Absolutely Dino-mite!  I wanted another one and I was bummed I shared the whole thing. :) 

All and All a good spot and they have outdoor seating which would have been lovely if the weather was better!
I write a food blog and have a section on it called "50 ways to love a chickpea." It should therefore go without saying that when I walked into ZuZu and saw the brunch special l started to weep uncontrollable tears of joy. The Lablabi  is a thick, tomato-y soup with TONS of chickpeas and Moroccan spices (HELLO EVERYTHING I LIKE). It normally comes with a fried egg on top (I opted out), and has great value at $3.96 per bowl. 

The menu is short but sweet. They have super tasty Mediterranean wraps (I tried the Henry... when I returned for the second day in a row...) and panini. They even have vegan brownies which are more like slices of cake and are delicious!

The outdoor seating is divine the three months of the year that it's warm here ;) There's lots of seating and it's adjacent to Vilas Park and the zoo. I wish I had found this place sooner!
A friend and I stopped by the ZuZu Cafe with our brood of small children after a trip to the zoo.  I was extremely impressed with both the atmosphere and the food.  There were plenty of open tables, as well as a nice outdoor area. I've heard there is a sandbox, but that was not open the day we were there. They also had a small children's space with books and  few toys. The staff was very friendly and just smiled when our kids acted...well...like kids often act.

As for the food, I had "The Henry" which a hummus and vegetable pita. It was excellent!  The pita was tasty and the hummus was very flavorful. The veggies looked like they might have been picked from somebody's garden.  Seriously - super fresh!!  I ate the entire thing in about five minutes because it was so good I couldn't put it down. My friend had the hummus plate which was equally delicious, and my kids ate "the CHOCOLATE sandwich!!!" aka: a Nutella pita. They were very, very excited about this. We also got two cookies to share: a snickerdoodle and a peanut butter chocolate chip cookie. Both were fantastic. Soft and sooo good. I may or may not have kept all of the peanut butter chocolate chip one for myself.  The prices were decent - I wouldn't say "cheap" but definitely on par with what I am willing to pay to eat at a quality local eatery.  I feel like a cafe next to the zoo called "Zuzu" could very easily have been a hokey, overpriced restaurant with mediocre food, but these guys did it right.  Good service and excellent food. I can't wait to go back and try "The Spooner." ;)
I give Pink spot three stars for a mixed experience. 

The boy had a vanilla milkshake that was out of this world delicious, but my coffee ice cream tasted weird and left me cold. (no pun intended) It's pretty sad when the best part of the ice cream cone is the out-of-a-box mass produced cone. 

I am not a big ice cream person anyway so I suppose one could assume that my experience was directly related to that, but I don't think it was. The staff had no idea what they were doing (note: train staff prior to putting them on shifts all by themselves) and I thought the prices were a little on the steep side for the quality of the product. 

They do, however, get a few bonus points: 
+1 for a fairly cute decor
+1 for having chocolate covered frozen bananas. I hate the things, but it isn't something you'll find at most ice cream joints.
I went here with a friend yesterday after seeing the article in the paper.  Very cute, fun place.  The ice cream was great.  Rich and creamy.  I thought the small scoop was huge (the menu says a single scoop is 1/4 of a pound!).  If it weren't so hot out, I could have easily saved some to take home for later.  The Kona Coffee ice cream was out of this world.  Real Kona . . . not that generic coffee ice cream you get at other places.  I think I had this hawaiian brand when I was in Kauia.  It was good then and good now.  Prices were no different it seemed than other places like Cold Stone and those fancy gelato places. . . $3 for a 4 ounce scoop.  My friend had a sundae. Wow, it was huge with 2 scoops (1/2 pound?) ice cream, fudge, whip, cherry, nuts for like $5.
Very good!  I came here yesterday because I was at atmosphere salon and noticed that the ice cream spot I have been waiting to open is now finally open.  I made the mistake of getting 2 scoops which was HUGE!  I did not read the menu like the other reviewers because I was in a hurry.  I got the coconut sorbet which was awesome and the chocolate chip (with dark chocolate chips).  I really enjoyed them both.  So refreshing!  This is a great alternative to my old stand by Mary Coyle so I will definitely be back.
Are you kidding me?   A gourmet ice cream shop was EXACTLY what the doctor ordered for this Central Phoenix restaurant-rich area.   With ZPizza right next door, I could just move in and never leave.   YUM.
I loved the Pink Spot.  I have been there a few times already.  The first time I had to try the Kona Coffee ice cream.  It was delicious and so I got it in a shake and walked around Roosevelt during First Friday cooling off with my delicious shake.  I, being the coffee addict that I am, went back for another shake a few days later.  Oh my, it is delightful.  A couple of weeks later my husband and I were lunching at Z Pizza and walked through the doorway connecting the two and got the Kona Mint Sundae.  It is a scoop of Kona (my favorite) and Mint Chocolate Chip (his favorite) with hot fudge & whipped cream.  It was perfect for sharing and was a tasty end to our meal.  

Also, they have a really neat lamp hanging up at the end of the counter by the register that looks like white mesh tubes tangled together.  I was really interested in it so I asked the girl behind the counter where it came from.  The owner was sitting at one of the tables so we talked about it.  He even told me where he bought it in (a store up near Kierland Commons) and we had a nice little conversation about the design.  

Pink Spot has a couple of new fans....
I actually kind of think is deserves less than 3 stars for some things, but more than four stars for others. Pink Spot is close to my house and I love the flavors they TRY to offer but...

That being said, all the ice cream was very freezer burnt. I was so sad. I went to Pink Spot ready to mad dog a giant chocolate chip walnut crunch double hot fudge sundae, but it just wasn't good enough for mad dogging. It was just overall meh so I ate responsibly. The hot fudge was really good though.

They were actually out of whip cream so that made things a little worse. 

But wait... about halfway through my sundae the ice cream scooper chick came up to me and was like " I found some whip cream." So I guess bonus points for that.

I guess I'll be back for round two. 

Oh and $6 for an ice cream? Really?
The ice cream was overly sweet, gummy, and lacked anything but a passing resemblance to its alleged flavor. There was, however, a lot of it. No joke. Order the kid size unless you want an ice cream blob the size of the Hindenburg.
Update. Holy crap - went back and ordered two scoops of ice cream. Instead was given world's biggest blob of ice cream in a huge cup. Which is good or bad, depending.
I was feeling down yesterday--I needed a fix, and fast. Fortunately, as I was driving east on Thomas, what should appear on the right but a new pusher shop for what I'm addicted to--chocolate ice cream. I quickly ducked into the tidy little Pink Spot and looked over the selections, looking to feed my addiction.

I settled on the old reliable, made from dark roasted cocoa beans sez the tag, to satisfy my craving. [sorry, I'm just not into coffee ice cream, thanks anyway!!] The nice lady crammed a humongous scoop of the Dark Cocoa Brown confection on a plain cone [my fave!], and she even put the whole thing into a cup for me so I could drive off with my fix. 

That said--the selection is kind of thin, it's like a Fresh & Easy version of an ice cream joint. It's in the old Willo candle store, so you know there's gonna be at least some parking. $2.95 for a big scoop of ice cream was a bit stiff IMHO, but when you're jones'ing for an icy chocolatey treat, no cost is too high.

Next time I'm gonna try a sundae...looks like there's plenty of chocolate fudge sauce for my addictive cravings.
My sister and I headed over here last week and I have to say, I was a little mixed about our visit.

When we first walked in, there was no one there. Literally. We were eye'ing the ice creams for almost 5 minutes before the server drifted in from the Z Pizza side.

I had the Pink Spot sundae with two ginormous scoops of kona coffee and hot fudge. The ice cream was meh, but the hot fudge was very good and served in generous portion. My sister had the low-fat coffee with ribbons of chocolate and she raved.

The prices weren't outrageous considering the serving size; just one week before I spent three dollars more for the same exact thing at Mary Coyle's.

I wasn't overly impressed with the ice cream, but they get props for always having at least one low fat, sugar free, or sorbet offering.

It probably wouldn't be my first choice for ice cream, but because they are in the neighborhood they get a gold star for convenience!
are people below complaing becuz they got a huge scoop?? wow.
Went here after going to Z pizza next door. The  ice cream was very good and you get a good serving. order 2 different flavors and both where very good. shared with wife.
My only complaint is not many choices.
Don't get two scoops!

One scoop is all you need - especially if you get it in a cone.  

I had some delicious coffee-flavored thing and my husband had something vanilla-y with chocolate bits.  

The location is great, the decor is a bit much, but fun, and the ice cream is pretty darn good.

Hooray.  An ice cream shop in the neighborhood.
So we wandered in here after having Z Pizza.. whats funny is Z Pizza is all about organic and fresh and this place is not.. it used to be the milk would travel form the US to Hawaii where they'd make the ice cream then ship it back to the US for sale. Now I think its all just made in California. 

They really should consider a different supplier.. sorry but Dryer's Grand is actually a step up from their product. We tried the vanilla yogurt and scraped it off into the garbage.. pretty horrible!!! The Blueberry Cheesecake was alright but again Dryer's version actually tastes better.. harsh, huh? The girl behind the counter was so sweet though.. 

Next time I'll skip this place and just head to Safeway.. a half gallon of Dryer's Grand is under 6 bucks, tastes better and will serve at least 6!
Yum Yum Yum. went out to dinner with my roomie and figured we would get some ice cream at Pink Spot on the way back downtown. the place is hyper-pink in a sugery to the eyes way. 

we both got a scoop in a cup, because the cones looked large..and i wanted to try the ice cream..not make a meal of it.
i got Chocolate Peanut-Butter....well because i love peanuts. whole, halved, mashed into butter, stuffed into cup, umm. or frozen with chocolate ice cream. yay! my roomie got PIstachio. she said it was good, and i tried it. wow she was right it was good. the pistachios were good. i don't know if Egyptian Pistachios are different then the ones you can get at sprouts. but it was damn good.

we sat outside and it was nice out. 2 cups of ice cream, 6 bucks. i don't feel robbed or disappointed. just satisfied.  i give it a thumbs up, and 4 stars.
I stopped by the pink spot after eating at  Z pizza. This place is super bright and cheery and great patio seating.  My beau and I had the ice cream sandwiches in the case. They are the perfect size to crave that sweet tooth. I had the strawberry flavor with a soft cookie surrounding the ice cream. Summer can't get any better than that!
After a day at Encanto park the kids (and the wife) wanted ice cream. After doing a quick search in Google maps via iPhone I found Pink Spot. It felt more like a coffee shop than an ice cream shop which I loved. It had leather couches and chairs as well as the typical table and chairs. They're also connected to a pizza joint so you have lots of options as far as food, drinks, dessert.

The ice cream selection seemed to be in line with a Baskin Robins with a few unique flavors of their own. One of my favorite things was that they had an espresso machine and advertised lattes and coffee drinks as part of their regular menu. They even have happy hour with $1 lattes after 6 pm. Oh yeah and free wifi!!

Overall a very awesome place for a tasty treat. Check it out!
I stopped in to Pink Spot again last week and was pleasantly surprised to see some changes.  They've added a full barista and are offering $1 lattes from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. everyday to help spread the word.  Though I paid full price, since I was in in the afternoon, the latte was GREAT.  The espresso beans are locally roasted and are apparently the same bean Lux uses, though I think Lux roasts them themselves.  For $3, it was a deal, compared to the sucky coffee you get at Starbucks.  The place has been updated with a couch/leather chairs, work tables & free wi fi.  They've also changed ice creams.  It tasted just as good as before.  I guess they were having delivery & quality issues with the hawaiian ice cream.  The baristas are great . . . recognize them from the old, old Willo House.  Worth a trip.
When this place first opened I was so excited to have an ice cream store close by and one that I could walk to.  They served Lapperts ice cream, which is delicious!  However, the last time I went I found that they had changed ice cream brands.  The flavors were not as good and the ice cream was definitely not as rich and creamy as Lapperts.  So needless to say I was disappointed and won't be returning.
Pink Spot not only has a cool atmosphere but  giant scoops and amazing cones as well.  The freezer display case filled with frozen bananas, chocolate dipped cheesecake, ice cream sandwiches, and frozen tacos will be a huge motivator to get me to visit again.
This Review is based on the yummiest frozen chocolate banana I have had 
in  awhile.  So delicious!  

thanks Pink Spot for being open on a Sunday afternoon when there isn't other place close  or open! 

Oh and I love all the pink.
OK decor, CenPho location and decent ice cream.  That pretty much wraps up my feelings except for exceedingly slooooooow service.  In defense of the counter staff, there's only been one person working every time I've gone and I'm inevitably behind a large group ordering multiple sundays.  I'm probably better off going to AJs or Fresh & Easy for gelato.
We stopped in here tonight to grab some kona coffee ice cream draped in hot fudge and there were a few issues, so I'm deducting one star. 

1) They had a small acoustic group performing that was 70's wonderful but they were so loud we literally had to scream our orders to the staffer. 
2) The staffer was either new, or short bus special, because we had to tell him that the whole point of ordering a sundae was to get the toppings (he didn't offer and I wasn't paying $5.25 for two scoops of ice cream). 
3) The previously larger than life scoops have experienced significant shrinkage. They really aren't even normal size scoops anymore. 
4) Some how my $5.25 sundae came out to $6.27 after tax. I know AZ is experiencing a budget crisis, but there is no way that taxes have gone up that much, so I must conclude that I was overcharged. 
5) The place was so full of Zpizza customers listening to the music that there was literally nowhere to sit, unless we went to the noticeably empty pizza side. The result was not only a complete invasion of my personal space (I simply don't like rubbing up against strangers just to get to the counter unless I'm at a bar) but it also created a really strange odor comprised of pepperoni and sugar... far from appetizing. 

All in all, the visit was a complete disappointment - but the band was great.
Despite the fact that the name could certainly be misconstrued as an innuendo (I can't be the only one thinking this), Pink Spot is a lovely little shop with some delicious cones. I love that the flavors differ every day, so it's always a game time decision as far as what you're going to get. Sure, your chocolate, vanilla and strawberry will always be there, but what about pistachio? Or kona coffee? (Delicious, by the way). I highly recommend their brownies, too. Get that brownie sundae. That thing has a big ass brownie surrounded by a flavor explosion of scoops, fudge, nuts, cherries and delicious whip. You can't go wrong. I'll take a star away because there tends to be long waits (boo hoo), but ain't it cool that it's connected to zPizza? A slice and a sundae? I'm in heaven!
I was not overly impressed with Pink Spot. I went there on a Saturday night with some friends and it took us forever to get our ice cream. We all ordered cones except for one of us. They didn't have a ton of flavors to choose from, although they did have some interesting options like Birthday Cake and Root Beer Float so they get a point for that.

The portions are very large but the ice cream itself is just okay. I had the chocolate peanut butter and I have to say the chocolate peanut butter at Baskin Robbins is better.

I would not go out of my way to visit Pink Spot again.
Pink Spot is a cute place.

It's lacking in variety of ice cream flavors though, they have more coffee options than ice cream.
The ice cream is decent, but grocery store quality.

My husband really liked the root beer ice cream.

The prices are ok, you do get a lot.

It's very centrally located and adjoins with Z Pizza so that is kind of nice.  (Although if I'm getting pizza, it's going to be Mamma Mia's!!)

Pink Spot has bike racks!
How about G Spot baby!? These little ice cream sammies, are not so little actually, and have always hit my G Spot! Get your mind outta the gutter my yelpitas! By G Spot, I mean Goodie Oh So Goodie Spot. And ice cream always hits that spot. The cookies are first rate and the ice cream, while no Marble Slab or Cold Stream Creamery, makes those packaged Nestle Tollhouse numbers at the QT quiver in dairy shame! I've been here a few times an hour or so before closing and they're already swabbing the deck and having the "we're closing in 50 minutes vibe, so go to Safeway and get some Ben and Jerry's"...hate that! And hope my staff doesn't give off that aura. Tonight I had a ZPizza delivered WITH Pink Spot yummies and Mr. Gonzales and I are very happy. And full. So four stars to ice cream sammies DELIVERED in Phoenix. Come on, how cool is that?
I first reviewed Pink Spot when it was first open, and was all about ice cream.   Since then they have made little incremental changes here and there, and WHEEE!  it's gotten even better.   Coffee & Espresso at really great prices, and a wide variety of interesting drinks.  Very skilled baristas and very high quality beans... one shot keeps me buzzing all day!   

They are open at 6 am and don't close until 9pm or later most days now.   And - cool - just pull up and beep, and there's curbside service.   (I have to admit, that feels a bit too lazy to me, so I can't do it; but I suppose if I was trying to get some work done in the car, it would be convenient!)    But if your office is nearby - DELIVERY!!!!  Can Starbucks do THAT?  I don't theeeenk so!

Another great add:  free live music some evenings!   I've stopped in several times to ZPizza next door and discovered there was a great little band playing at Pink Spot - sometimes REALLY AWESOME music.  In fact one time, went in to pick up my ZPizza to go, planning my lonely night in front of the TV at home... pleasently listening to the Beatles playing on the sound system. . . but  I went to get my lemonade, WHAT?!!!  It was three guys playing live, covering John Paul & George perfectly - awesome!    

I've found at Pink Spot they are always innovating, so even if you didn't dig it the last time you were in, check it out again.   I think you'll like it.   I'm really glad they are smack-dab in between work and home for me, it's a frequent stop!
I was really looking forward to their version of the choco tacos and was severely dissappointed, so maybe that skews my perception of this place... But the choco "shell" was so thin that I couldn't take a bite without it falling all over the place. I really didn't like the ice cream all that much either. I think I would surprisingly choose to go to Baskin Robins over this place, since I LOVE their flavors. But they had good customer service, and the kids seemed to love it (but what ice cream DON'T they like?!).
I went to this nice ice cream story last night with my cousin, and while it is nothing special, yet the ice cream was good.  I had the Pitsacho almond with sugar cone.  It is a good internet cafe too, not a whole lot of people.  Friendly atmosphere, price was right.
How in God's name can ice cream be boring? I'm not sure, but this place manages to do it. I've had a few different flavors, and it's generic, flavorless, flat, monotonous, and blah all around. Oh yeah, and not super cheap either.... mmm no thanks.
I LOVE THE Pink Spot!  
IT is so cute inside and smells soooooo good! the staff is ALWAYS nice! The ice cream is to die for, where else can you get a home made ice cream taco or cookie sandwich, chocolate covered bannana, and bond bonds.... Last night I had my first European Sunday! YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
I knew I wasn't trippin' when I saw a skinny, dancing banana at the house party I went to last night, A. because I was sober (boooo), and 2. because it was Halloween. But today, right in the middle of a post Halloween funk/Sunday blues combo, I started to wonder if maybe I was slipped something last night, when Mr. Incredible who was there too, greeted me at Pink Spot. To protect his identity I won't say who it was, but the tomato, egg, bacon, avocado sandwich with chipotle mayo, sprouts and American cheese on wheat bagel he made me, truly hit the spot, and the mocha was just what I needed to lift me out of my forlorn state. It's a good thing they have free wi-fi here, because that's why I'm yelping. I'm going to go ahead and throw a solid five stars at these guys because they genuinely accomplished something that trumps, taste, price or ambiance; they served up a generous helping of good humor. And it wouldn't hurt to up their star count a little after that dreadful Megan D imposed her two stars. Who does she think she is anyway, trolling around Phoenix handing out miserable reviews? Wait... go back to that happy place Dugaldo. Happy place. Pink Spot.
Confections? Check.
Ice Cream? Check.
Coffee drinks? Check.
Baked goods? Check.
Candy coated coffee flavored ice cream stuffed baked goods...? 
Well, yeah.  Check!

We'd actually eaten our Z Pizza slices from next door/room at a table in the Pink Spot's space, mostly because the tables are much bigger and little Claire was elated and engaged with playing some of the board games available therein. (Mind you, her rules for checkers equated to "I win, Mikey loses", but I played anyhow, having not seen her in such a long time.)

After our pizza dinner, as we sat there catching up on Yelpiness, SBCness, Bay Area-ness, Lynn and I sipped away at Pumpkin Spice Lattes while Claire enjoyed a scoop of Cotton Candy Ice Cream...

Its a cute place and a sweet-tooth's playland. Just as well, the place is perfectly suited for collegiate or studious crowd with bright lights, comfortable lounge chairs, roomy tables, and open wi-fi.  Plus, if the mountainous availability of sugar and caffeine doesn't do it for you, there's a pizza joint attached next door.

If there were a wicked witch hiding in the back, awaiting an unwitting Hansel and Gretel, I woudn't be surprised; the stock and wares venture in almost every sweet direction, not specializing or capitalizing on any one sugary thing. Before leaving, I picked up a few things for dear Lynn and Claire as well as my gracious hosts back at the apartment.

Ice Cream Cookie Sandwiches.  
Frozen Chocolate Dipped Cheesecakes.  
Pints of Coffee Ice Cream. 
Oh my oh my oh my!
_________________________________
They had "The Pink Spot" tees, tanks, and trucker hats.
Almost bought something for the bestie, but opted not to.
She said she would have gotten a kick out of it. Next time...
About three times a week I drive by this adorable little coffee shop, wanting nothing more than the time to pull over and sip some morning coffee. This  morning, my dream came true :)

Parking was a cinch, the diagonal parking spaces are perfect for pulling in.

Upon entering, my eyes were having a feast. Pink counters, adorable tables, pretty displays, the works! Everything to the menu had been creatively made pretty. This is my kind of coffee shop, girly prettiness all over :)

I ordered my coffee and surprise, surprise, the barista was NICE. In this world of evil eye emo baristas there is one that is bright eyes and happily making coffee.. Hip hip hooray! 

I just must add a note that this place was incredibly clean and organized, goodness it was a dream :)

They have two dollar lattes, yes it is true! So if you are in the neighborhood and need your caffeine fix, this might be a place to lift your spirits pre and post coffee drinking :)
this place is overly cute, with a modern yet retro soda shop feel. just had some pizza next door and this sweet treat hit the spot. too bad i'm so freaking lactose intolerant....after such a great dark, white, and milk chocolate mix, my belly was a mess. but it was worth it. just under 3 bucks for a small, but by no means was this small. 

great place, great service, great price.....
First let me start by saying - for a climate like ours, this town is lacking the good old classic ice cream stops. This place is just that. First - location is great for those that live or work downtown. Second- the hours are great, while there may be better frozen treats in the downtown area, this place is more accessible because it is open when you want to go. Second the ice cream is really good - just the classic good stuff that you want on a Friday night or a Monday afternoon (aka anytime of the day). My only bad comment - is that while the ice cream cookie sandwiches are good (good ice cream + tasty cookies), I wish they were made fresh to order. Because they sit in the freezer the cookies get cold and the ice cream becomes air dried. 

All in all - good place to go when you just want a good old fashioned scoop of ice cream.
We came here to satisy my sweet tooth and given that I am done with Mary Coyle. I had only been here once before to get coffee and always meant to come back. Boy, am I glad I did! After dinner, the four of us took a walk down to Pink Spot. I took a look at their menu online so I knew what I wanted. I ordered the one scoop Black-n-White sundae but substituted Mint Choco Chip ice cream. It was great. The girl layered the brownie, hot fudge, and mint chocolate all the way to the top of the cup and topped it with whipped cream and nuts. I loved the multiple layers. We also got a chocolate covered banana for my husband (which caused endless jokes from me...could NOT resist!), and two kids' ice cream scoops. The total? $11. Pretty shocking given I just spent a little over $8 for one regular ice cream sundae the other night at Mary Coyle. Everything was really good and the best part was we could burn calories walking to and from Pink Spot. On the way out of this place, my husband noticed that they do bagel boxes (dozen bagels) for about $13 so I'll definitely need to come here when I want to bring bagels for the office. I would much rather support the local business than go to Einstein's for bagel buckets.
I love the flavor & texture of the ice cream. The portions are generous! And the hot fudge is very good although the time I went it could have been bit hotter.
Cute ice cream place in central Phoenix!  The staff is extremely friendly and it has a nice selection of ice cream.
Where Pinkie Danced.....

It's 10:30 P.M. on Friday, October 1.  We got an ice cream cone at Pink Spot, open  'til 10 P.M.  

Those are important words in central Phoenix on Friday night.  Not only did we get ice cream, but I walked past people sitting out front at the cafe tables, sitting inside on the sofas, and sitting at the big table.  Friends, lovers, mates, maybe neighbors.  All talking, enjoying each other's company, the ambiance, and the treats.  A fine fall evening in central Phoenix.  The Pink Spot can't be mentioned without a word on it's tomato sauce and cheese slathered siamese twin, Z Pizza.  The Z was open, the lights bright, and if I wanted pizza, I could have some.  There's plenty of tables in the Z for overflow from the Pink.

Most of central Phoenix shuts down after work, rolls up the sidewalks, driving home to Gilbert, Buckeye or Anthem.  It's a great thing to have a cozy, chatty evening spot with great ice cream and ice cream treats, and former Starbucks baristos steaming up all they bring to the coffee arts.  Pink Spot's a people magnet. 

Did I mention way-to-work breakfast meals, and again, coffee?  They open at 7 A.M.  Give yourself a little wait time and the Pink Spot will take care of your hunger and caffeine needs, sending you happily energized and your fast broken down the road of life.  

Phoenix is trying to coax its central core into a more vibrant, attractive, alive-at-night city.   The Pink Spot is one of the places that's starting to happen.  About 9:50, the last trash bag hits the dumpster and by 10 you'll have to go somewhere else, like going home and Yelp*ing.  Maybe Pink Spot would consider staying open until 11 P.M. on Friday and Saturday nights - in the Fall, Winter and Spring.  Then  I might bring Sweet D by on a date.
Sundae for Sunday.

Pink spot helps me go through the summer heat.
Visited for the first time on 11/10/10 around 6pm. The place was empty when we first entered though a group of people came in shortly afterwards.

Overall the place was clean, comfortable and very inviting. The server was helpful and accepted the coupon we had brought in for coffee (buy one get one free). I ordered a 12oz soy milk latte (yes they had soymilk!!) but was disappointed to find out that they were no longer serving yogurt ice cream - I opted to try their blackberry sorbet. My husband had a 16oz Iced Americano and a frozen chocolate covered banana.

I thoroughly enjoyed the soy latte, it was very delicious and filling! The sorbet was also very tasty and fresh. I asked for two scoops when I ordered it and it came in a rather large cup. I did not finish it all as it was just too much for me to eat. I suggest that you plan on sharing if you order 2 scoops! My husband liked his americano and frozen banana and wanted to go back for seconds.

We are hoping to return soon for some more delicious coffee and to try their waffles and ice cream cookies (they looked so inviting!)
Standard ice cream place.  Cute spot, I thought the ice cream sandwiches were way too sweet.  (Otis Spunkmeyer cookies sandwiched with ice cream).  But they have frozen bananas!
Love that this is an independent ice cream and coffee place. Love the glass menu boards. Love the fact that a pink gorilla is an option at your party at the Pink Spot. 

We ate our pizza from next door at Z Pizza in here at lunch. It seemed a little more mellow. Wifi is available here. There were a few suits with laptops sitting around, but it was the lunch hour, so not prime time for ice cream or coffee, so not crowded.

After lunch, I got a latte, and my girlfriend had huckleberry ice cream. From across the room as we were eating our lunch, the server seemed the classic goth/emo kinda kid. Black hair in his face, tragic expressions, more black eyeliner than an Alice Cooper concert, etc. A little old lady ordered from him and was not pleased with his appearance and made no attempt to hide her disdain. He put up with her civilly but it was evident that he was not that into this rude woman either. 

When we stepped up to the counter, conversation with this kid was easy. He was genuinely friendly, conversational and his service was A+. Don't really know what that lady's problem was, but you know the type.

He made a perfectly good latte, scooped up the ice cream and we chatted for a few minutes. My girlfriend decided to buy a brown foam trucker hat with the Pink Spot logo on it and wore it out of the shop. 

Side note, at my place later that day, my 15 year old nephew stopped by and was so stoked by the hat that we gave it to him. 15 year old boy, trucker hat that says "Pink Spot"....you do the math. 

Great experience in customer service, quality coffee, good ice cream and local business.  Go there
This has definitely become our go-to ice cream place! We love the local feel.  It's neat that they have both couches and regular tables to sit at. The people working there are super friendly and super helpful. Oh, and the ice cream is fantastic. :) My favorite was during the holiday season when they had pumpkin pie ice cream!!! Why, oh why, can't that be a year-round flavor?!

Anyway, did I mention they deliver??? An ice cream place that delivers? Are you serious? I think my life may be complete now! I think we're just outside their delivery range, sadly. But it's still cool!
Got "The Clucker" - a bacon and egg sandwich with arugula greens, cheddar and mayonnaise on a plain bagel - with a "Yin Yang" latte (dark chocolate/white chocolate combo). The sandwich was excellent and very fresh though I'm not a fan of bitter arugula leaves. However, no real complaints. The latte was a bit bitter but I think that's because it was dark chocolate syrup instead of milk choco - I'll ask for that next time. Very decent pricing for being a local shop - unlike too many coffee places down town. Also enjoyed the quirky decor. Wish I had tried to ice cream as I hear it's excellent.
I am slightly confused as to what this place is.
Is it a coffee shop? yes.
Is it an ice cream parlor? well..yes.
Is it an antechamber for the hair salon upstairs? kinda.
Seemingly the Pink Spot *giggle* is trying to be a few things at once, and vaguely succeeding at those goals.
I like the Pink Spot *giggle* for a number of reasons:
-location
-convenience
-ambience
-selection
In all honestly it isnt the best coffee shop that the area offers, but It's another option- and that my friends, is a corner stone of capitalism: consumer choice.
Now I won't be making the Pink Spot *giggle*, my local haunt, that spot belongs to Lola, and I would never cheat on my beloved tranny. But for those special nights when I get the strange urge for simultaneous brain freeze and a scalded tongue, i'll go down on the Pink Spot...*giggle*
5 Stars for Service and 3 Stars for Quality and Selection.

A little Ice Cream,  a little Coffee, a few baked treats....just a little bit of everything....except pineapple.....

Pineapple you ask?  Why yes...I had a hankering for a Malt and my favorite flavor is Pineapple. Usually I go to Sonic or Dairy Queen, so I pulled out my handy dandy Yelp Android App and did a search for Shakes nearby.  The closest stop was the Pink Spot.

I figured most ice cream shops typically carry pineapple as a topping for Sundaes.  I told the lady I was craving a Malt in my favorite all time flavor, Pineapple and asked if it was possible for her to make it.  The barista preceeded to tell me that she had no pineapple ice cream.  I quickly responded, "You don't need pineapple ice cream, how about vanilla ice cream and pineapple?"  But she had no pineapple either. 
WHHHAAA?!  

After a few moments of contemplating just leaving or a malt of Chocolate, Vanilla or one of the fruits they did have (bananas, peaches, mixed berry or strawberry)  The quick thinking barista, asked me to wait as she went next door into Z Pizza. She had an idea.

This is where the Service went from 3 stars to 5.  After a few minutes she came back with 2 little cups of pineapple. 
"I remember they use pineapple for some of their pizzas," she stated. 
Color me impressed with her out of the box thinking.  

My Friday funk was lifted as I walked out of the shop with my Pineapple malt, so excited that it didn't taste like pizza I ran into a chair in the center of the shop.
This is a review for their breakfast not ice cream. We went here recently when the place we were heading to was closed and saw a sign that they do breakfast. Well I guess they do but frankly they don't really. They do the best an ice cream joint can which is just alright. Nice staff, decent surroundings but if you want a real breakfast head elsewhere.
I believe this is an ice cream store started in Hawaii. The Coconut Ice cream is to die for! I like Pink Spot. It is no longer convenient for me to go here but I miss it.( I used to live right down the street) I can go to Z- PIzza for a slice then have a nice treat here. The two are connected and owned by the same folks. Check it out.
This is a fun, comfy,  little place.  Ice cream is above-average, probably not the absolute best in town, but certainly good.  The "feel" is very good, and the people who work there are super-friendly.  You won't be disappointed.
The pros: a quick bike ride from my house, sells ice cream, birthday cake flavor

The cons: weak selection, no gelato

Pink Spot sells some very tasty ice cream but has few flavors and isn't a gelato spot. I suppose that it's not really their fault that they sell ice cream instead of gelato but I really want a neighborhood gelato shop like I used to have back home.
ice cream is good, customer service is HORRIBLE! The chick with the Buddy Holly glasses apparently only likes to help the people she wants even though she actually acknowledged me and saw me come in, but decided she would rather help all the folks that came in after me then completely ignore me.
Lovely local ice cream purveyor in central Phoenix. Parking is tight and the space is a bit cramped but the product is spot on, as it were.  A group of us stopped in one Sunday afternoon and bought at least 8 pints of ice cream. I opted for mint chocolate chip because, hello, that is the best flavor ever. I also snagged a bite of my friend's rocky road which was fun too, and had a sample of the blueberry which was so creamy and intense that i almost changed my order. almost. 

Pink Spot should be recognized for the quality of their ice cream because it is lovely, creamy and a little gummy, as opposed to thin watery textured ice creams you find in chains.
I wanted to be conservative on giving 5-Star reviews out and wanted to save them for extravagant restaurants and experiences, but Pink Spot just strikes the right chord for a friendly and creative neighborhood Ice Cream shop. It has that real "local" feel that so many of us love so much as well as some amazing ice cream from a local creamery. So the ice cream isn't that same stuff you have had over and over. Even the classic flavors have a new little dance to them. oh...and they had LOBSTER ice cream this week!!! If I wasn't allergic, I would have been all over it! 
What I did have was their version of Mint Chocolate Chip and Cheesecake ice creams and a delightful little relaxation session on their comfy couch! Great little place.
OMG... I love this place! I'm not sure how long this place has been here but it's soooo awesome and the kicker is Z pizza is its neighbor and they are connected so you can grab a slice of pizza then go get ice cream or coffee or a latte. Simply fabulous for say a casual day time date the atmosphere is nostalgic and funky... oh and pink! Free wifi and cool tables and couches. Its places like this that are adding flavor to downtown phoenix where I just happen to live... Watch out mill avenue were coming for you in a bigger and better way!
I'm upgrading it by one star because while they have a very limited selection what is available is of stellar quality and flavor. I can't give them a full five though because they use the WORST SPOONS EVER. Seriously, they're so weak and flexible that you can't scoop your ice cream with them. What good is that? Get some proper spoons and you may revel in your five star glory. Until then, feel shame for your cheapness.
Excellent ice cream. Make sure you pay attention to the sizing though, as what's in the case for example, and what you get can be 2 different things. I ordered a waffle cone with a scoop expecting to get the little one, and ended up getting the XXL version with 2-3 scoops. I wasn't complaining.
I love the pink spot and if I would have known about it while I was in college, I would have come here to study. I've tried the ice cream sandwich and raspberry latte and they were both delicious.
I've been driving right by The Pink Spot for several months now, since I started a new job downtown.  I've been vaguely aware that it was there, but here comes the ridiculous part.  

For the last week or so, they've had a pink gorilla dancing around on the sidewalk, enticing passers by to visit.  He dances like a maniac, is totally into the gig and I've been laughing every time I pass him each morning.

So, this AM, I see that pink SOB up in the distance, and I actually succumb to this ridiculous "guerrilla" marketing.

I'm glad I did.  Really cool coffee/breakfast/ice cream shop.  I got a latte, and a breakfast sandwich called a "clucker" or something like that.  Both were fantastic.  The place is nicely decorated, has free wifi, seemed clean and the hipster gal who helped me was nice.

The service wasn't super quick, and I was the only one in there, so it might get interesting if it were crowded.  Not sure.

Anyway - this is a cool little place to grab coffee/breakfast, and the rest of the reviews on here indicated that the ice cream is pretty insane.
This place serves the Phoenix area but has a small town feel once you step inside. It's a trendy cafe, a cute gourmet sandwich shop and relaxing chocolate shop all in one. There's couches and a TV if you want. They keep it off. They have games on a shelf and a game table. There's so much on the menu. The prices would be the same if you went to Starbucks (which I wouldn't). They have cheesecake on a stick and my husband got his favorite pineapple shake. The whole front of the shop is a window and it's nice to sit and watch the cars go by. My husband and I took the light rail into Phoenix just to go here. I had researched the place looking for a cool date and I found it. The coffee satisfies my "pink spot".
So delicious! Great ice cream flavors! 

 The employees are always super friendly and laid back as well.
Once I try a few more flavors, I will hold off on a 5 star. But so far, so good. I went there for yogurt, but "YELP" seems to have this incorrect, as they don't sell yogurt. 

Instead I bought icecream- Salted Caramel and Chai. Very good blend. 

Nice place to chill indoors or out. Also, has free wifi.
pros: cute place, good coffee
wish they had... vegan ice cream and fair trade coffee
Terrific place! Two words: Chai Latte. Delicious! Best coffee drink I've ever had. The Clucker breakfast sandwich is awesome too.  Eggs, ham (or bacon or sausage) and cheese on a bagel is elevated to sublime by juicy tomato and peppery arugula. We have also gotten ice cream there.  The mint chocolate chip was very tasty with nice delicate mint flavor. 

Overall, a very cute place with exceptional coffee and food!
I scream for ice cream! This place is located in downtown Phoenix and is open until 10PM which is extremely hard to find! I was super stoked to see that they were open late even on a Sunday! They have a great space for indoor and outdoor seating, and they provide wifi. They have coffee, tea, sandwiches, ice cream, and other frozen desserts. I tried their frozen peanut butter which was really good, and their cookie ice cream sandwich. The cookie was hard and the ice cream was very messy. I wish they cookie was softer, but the ice cream was good. I also tried their Monster Cookie which was pretty good. I have yet to try any of their coffees or sandwiches, but I'm sure I'll be visiting more often.
Good ice cream and the frozen chocolate covered bananas are a real treat.
Best chai ever. Ever. I can't recall the name of the ice cream I got, I believe it was huckleberry...? But it was delicious. My family got the chocolate covered bananas and they were to die for.

I've played several open mic nights at Pink Spot and the staff/management is always so kind.  

Definitely my favorite spot in phoenix.
This place is a cute little gem.  Excellent service!!!  Just needs a little cleaning in between customers.  Table was a little bit sticky.  

Red Velvet Ice Cream was da bomb...  It was cream, yummy, and just chocolaty.  Very good.
The BF and I got coffee here last night as part of the coffee tour of Phoenix!!. The coffee was alright, not too acidic, but not the most flavorful coffee, but the main reason for the 4 star review is they are open late and they deliver! How awesome! The people who work there were all friendly. The ice cream looked good...will have to try in the future.
It is beautiful out tonight, unusual after a week of intense heat, so I decided to go out in my neighborhood for a walk. As I walked by the Pink Spot that I had passed almost every day for the past few years, tonight decided to stop in. It had a very extensive ice cream, frozen bananas, chocolate covered bacon, and lot's of breakfast choices.

I decided on a rocky road cone, and I was not disappointed. I hate to admit that I ate the whole thing, but I did and it was amazing. Wonderful service, very friendly, the best ice cream I have had in a very long time. 

I will make a point of going back.
Wicked-good frappe and espresso! We had Belgian waffles too... Off the chain. Service is super friendly and plenty of parking. Happy to find as we were traveling through phoenix.
Two stars for the ice cream quality and one extra star because it's delivered. Love the idea, but every flavor I've had tastes like it's missing whatever crucial ingredient transforms good ice cream into great ice cream.

Not a bad experience by far, but I would like to see them give a good polish to all of their current recipes.
It's all in what you order. The previous two ice creams I've had were not palatable. I could not finish my items. 

Third time's a charm (I don't believe in giving up!). Ordered a vanilla milk shake with peanut butter and hot fudge mixed in with a cheesecake on the stick for later. Both were just right. 

I'll keep coming back here in case there are more flavors I like!

P.S. They had Maine Lobster flavored ice cream here last time I went.
George's chocolate banana shake... Stop OMG
Although, this is my first review on yelp, I can say that Pink Spot is great place in the downtown Phoenix area.  My girlfriend and I came on a Saturday late morning and had breakfast, which is served all day!  I had the the Clucker bagel sandwich and she had that Burrito.  Their coffee was pretty good, but ask for a syrup to sweeten.  We stayed for a few hours doing work on their free wifi and the staff was very accommodating.  There was a relaxed feeling and some pretty good music playing over their sound system.  We'll defiantly be back and update when we come back for the Ice Cream.
The Pink Spot is one of midtown's best-kept secrets. The coffee is flavorful and inexpensive. The ice cream is wonderful- ranging from traditional to eclectic (Pear and Gorgonzola, anyone? How about lobster?) And the food options, surprisingly enough, hold their own (even though they're attached to the fabulous Z-Pizza). The staff is always friendly and will create off-menu items if requested. I've spent a good deal of time chilling in their A/C, using their free wi-fi, and repeatedly returning to their counter to sample more menu items. I've never had a bad experience and I've been there often enough that it just seems strange.
An excellent local ice cream shop, perfect for eating dessert after Z Pizza!
Chocolate covered bananas....chocolate covered peanut butter balls...right next to a pizza joint?!  OMG.  I don't eat the ice cream here, but the other yummies are quite good.  Last time we went here, the kids wanted my peanut butter ball more than they wanted their ice cream...yes, it was that good!
I hope to try this place again. I have been here a few times. The first 2 were pretty good. Im a mocha girl, and they were really sweet. I like them to be strong. But this last time, I don't know what the girl working there was doing. Like maybe she just started...as in 5 minuted before I go there. ha! My mocha tasted like dung! Dooky dung that is! eww. I still was able to enjoy the ice cream though. Yes I was surely a little pig that day...ice cream and an iced mocha. riiiiight.
Two words: lobster ice cream.

It's seasonal, and having tried it, I'm not sure it was actually a good idea... but a city needs a place where it's possible to order a lobster ice cream sundae with caramel sauce. For those wondering, the ice cream tastes cream-flavored and contains chunks of frozen lobster.

Every other flavor I've tried here has been comparatively normal and quite delicious. The sundaes are made with generous amounts of sauce. There are sofas, as well as tables, and there are local magazines and free wifi. There is also an adjoining pizza shop, should calories be no object (and a hospital across the street, should a heart attack ensue).
I came here for the ice cream, and the ice cream is phenomenal! Turns out they also have coffee and food. Awesome! Some of the greatest local ice cream I have had. I no longer live down the block, but wish I did. I will visit any time I am near though!
I stopped in here for an iced peppermint mocha because I had heard good things on Yelp and it was on my way. I know, it's more of an ice cream place, but I heard the espresso was good and being lunch time, I opted to save the ice cream for another time. It was around 1pm on a Thursday that I stopped in, so right after the lunch rush. It wasn't really busy inside, but a group of three women were ahead of me and taking their sweet time trying to decide what to get. After about 10 minutes of fidgeting, it was finally my turn to order. The gal behind the display case was super sweet and really nice - even apologizing it had taken so long. She made my drink super-fast and asked me how it tasted. I commented it could use a little more peppermint, so she was happy to add some more to make it extra minty. It was good, but not my favorite. I couldn't really taste the espresso nor the mocha, but definitely could taste the peppermint. I also ordered a brownie, which was cake-like with fudgy frosting on top. The service was fantastic and I'll have to come back and try the ice cream.
This place is like a dream! The sweethearts that run the place make you feel at home. You can tell they love what they do!! DELICIOUS!! The sandwiches were great, and the Chocolate dipped bacon with sea salt was TBO good!! Consider me a regular.
Their ice cream makes me scream for more, but it's their cappuccinos that keep me coming back. The staff is super friendly and makes it a little less painful to cough up 3-4 dollars for a cap.
I was looking for a coffee joint in this area, and had passed about 20 Starbucks cruising around. Most of the time, I like to check out an independent place rather than hit up a chain. In this case, I ended up finding a Starbucks on my GPS after throwing my iced latte' from Pink Spot in the trash. Granted this seemed like a really cute place, in a funky-cool location, and I didn't have any ice cream. But this was simply AWFUL coffee! My wife's hot latte was terrible as well. Maybe it's a cool place, and maybe the ice cream is great. But, those coffee drinks were very bad, bottom line. Nope.
It's nice to find delicious ice cream! We really enjoyed the peanut butter & chocolate and the salty caramel in our waffle cone. Pretty good prices and nice ambiance too!
I went there for an event to meet new folks and it was just nice!  I had my pesto chicken wrap and it was not that really great. It has a nice enviornment close to downtown.
Tasty ice cream, service is pretty good. I can never finish my ice cream, but that's alright with me.
I love this place. With ZPizza next door, you can go for dinner and dessert.
The Pink Spot is my favorite though, because they have breakfast food, from waffles to huge burritos to every coffee drink under the sun. Also smoothies, chocolate covered frozen bananas, and my favorite- chocolate covered frozen cheesecake on a stick.
You can order online and pay with paypal. Any place that can deliver chocolate frozen cheesecake on a stick deserves 5 stars!
Had the Nutty Nut ice cream in a taco...yeah, that was good. Wife had the chai ice cream which was delicious as well. She didnt like the coffee too much but I don't know if they even charged us for it. Great place!
Went here every few months while I was pregnant - St Joes being right there... I at first thought I may have been hormonally predisposed to loving it, but went back recently & nope - it's just great. Perfect price, options for flavors, & atmosphere.
This place is a winner.  My husband had the ice cream taco and I had a chocolate frozen banana (so awesome that they sell these here!).  Both were great.

Also, it's inexpensive and the staff working here are friendly (at least they were the night we visited).
just plain amazing! I come here a ton. 
freshmade waffle cones, ice cream tacos, cookie ice cream sandwiches, homemade ice cream and usually one or two sorbet offerings. They usually have one kind of kooky flavor - I tried "pear gorgonzola" and it was surprisingly tasty! I've also tried a peach habanero sorbet, also good stuff! 
For the less adventureous, they usually have a few offerings of various tasty chocolates, fruity, and cakey type flavors. The Calleibut (sp?) chocolate is to die for. I think they offer chocolate covered bacon but I haven't divulged yet. How could you go wrong anyway? It's chocolate covered bacon.
So, it's a local business; that's cool.

I like finding out "stories" behind these one-off type places, so I asked the lady behind the counter to tell me about the ice cream. Apparently, it has a higher butterfat content than most ice creams and isn't made onsite, but by some folks in a nearby town or something. (Forgive the fuzzy memory, just wasn't too impressed with that).

Anyway, I got a chocolate shake and it was all right. Certainly not worth the 6.50 I paid for what looked like 12 oz. or so, but live and learn and say it was better than it was to save face!

The atmosphere is kinda hipstery, but it's nice. I may give it another try, but I'm not looking forward to it or anything.
I've been here twice. The first time I ordered the afogato (a scoop of ice cream in a bowl with a shot of espresso on top). I tried the salted caramel ice cream instead of the usual vanilla, and the flavor combo was great. I also sampled the pear/gorgonzola ice cream and it was a surprisingly fabulous combo!

Second visit I tried the chai ice cream (delicious flavor and very creamy) in a waffle bowl. My mom had the mint grasshopper ice cream and she loved it. 

Both times the staff was friendly and the place was clean. I love the quirky decor, and the green menu board. Many things to choose from here. I will be back!
A must visit in this hot weather, with all the old school style icecream parlor with a modern coffee shop flair.
Holy Amazing.
I just tried this place for the first time...and I live about 2 blocks away...I feel a larger pants size coming in the near future.
The 2 girls working were very friendly and attentive, and actually offered some suggestions, samples, and info about their frequent customer deal.  
We ended up getting chocolate covered bananas, cheesecake, and bacon!  Yes, it was a splurge day.  All were good, but frozen bananas will always be my favorite.  I can't wait to try their coffee, I am a coffee fiend so I'm excited to have a local place so nearby.  The sample of the coffee ice cream was dangerously good.  I'm smiling just thinking about going there again.
Thank you for opening such a cool place.
Pink Spot is a cute ice cream shop with good ambiance. The clerk was friendly and let sample everything I wanted. The shop has a limited flavor selection but all the flavors I tried were good. It's good ice cream. It's a place I'd stop if I wanted ice cream and I was in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
If you're in the mood for some nonstandard desserts this is your place!  Frozen cheesecake, chocolate dipped bananas or chocolate dipped bacon to name a few. They have lobster ice cream today.  Did not try it but they always have something different.
I love the pink spot! They have the most ridiculous flavors in ice cream! They range from cotton candy- with little pieces of cotton candy chunks, to white chocolate macadamia to lobster. Their "normal" flavors are actually pretty limited- they're all deluxe and special. 

The best part is that the service is pretty much always amazing. The lady at the counter always remembers my boyfriend as the cotton candy fiend even if she hasn't seen him in months, and they are friendly. One of the girls managed to whip up a vegan smoothie for my vegan friend, because they didn't have that on the menu without complaint and without my friend really begging. 

I always try to bring my guests here for ice cream. None have been disappointed so far.
The Pink Spot is definitely my new spot for ice cream. I got an amazing brownie sundae there and it took me two days to eat it!  

They also offer frozen bananas, which makes me feel 
like I'm at a Bluth Banana Stand (a la Arrested Development). 

AND! They deliver!
I really want to like this place a lot more than I actually do.
The ice cream is good (not the best in town.)
The coffee is good (not even close to the best in town.)
The room is comfortable - but nothing that stands out as a draw for me.

The novelties (ice cream sandwiches, chocolate bananas, several flavors of chocolate covered bacon, etc.) are pretty cool.

I've been in a few times (mostly surrounding the plans of a dear friend's now ten year old daughter who loves the place) - and am sure I will be back in the future, but I don't see Pink Spot being a part of the heavy rotation list.
Love this place!   The only thing I don't like is the pace of the customer service...it's a lot slower than I would have expected from an ice cream shop.  The ice cream is melting!!!!  Hurry up!!!!
This place is so cute.  Love the chocolate banana milkshake.  And if you get a hankering, they share space with a pizza parlor!
This place hits the spot! Get it!

Awesome seating with couches and high tops!

Crazy selection of homemade treats like ice cream tacos made with any flavor wrapped in a waffle cone shaped like a taco shell.

Love the choco covered bacon!

We tried pear Gorgonzola with real
Cheese! Chocolate grand mariner with real grand mariner.  Indonesian coconut, peanut butter and jelly, which tasted like the real
Sandwich!

Love this place and def recommend it to all ice cream nuts!
I love the blta wrap with spinach tortilla! Also the chocolate dipped cheesecake is super yummy. Bonus that they told me they'd deliver food to the hospital, because the hospital food sucks! Always friendly service here too. We really like it!
What great ice cream and wonderful coffee drinks! Comfortable place to hang out and food is good too! Love watching kids who go there... they seem to be smart and enjoyable. Service is always friendly. Love it.
The best ice cream sandwich in town and (for future reference) they deliver. What's not to like?

Plenty of adventurous flavors if you're into that sort of thing and if you want the usual suspects (I'm a mint chip aficionado) you'll be pleased. I'm going to be back. A lot.
I don't know that this place is hidden but it is definitely a gem. My wife and I have gone  here for breakfast two weeks in a row. Each time I've had to get a malt as well because they are just too tempting. Not only is the food great and freshly prepared but the customer service was fantastic. We had the pleasure of dealing with Tanya and Katelyn each time and they were both so friendly. This place is good for breakfast or lunch and the ice cream was great. They even sell it by the pint so we took some home. Can't wait to take out of town friends here next month.
Delicious homemade ice cream!!  This is one of those magical places where the ice cream just bursts with the actual flavor - like the chocolate coconut tastes like real coconut and amazing dark chocolate.  The waffle cones are yummy, the atmosphere is super cute, and you get tons of bang for the buck. And if you have a hankering for some savory with your sweet, it's attached to ZPizza.
Occasionally I get a craving for ice cream.  Occasionally.  And Pink Spot is a great local place in my neighborhood.  The staff are extremely friendly and let you sample pretty much anything you want.  It has a coffee-shop/cafe type of feel, and serves ice cream.  Awesome.  They also have a really interesting selection of flavors.  They usually do a special flavor (not sure if they do that weekly or monthly), and sometimes they're pretty far out.  One time I had lobster ice cream.  No joke.  Gotta love the quirkiness.
Omg horchata ice cream!!!  This is probably the best ice cream joint in the Phoenix area... I have been to churn and many others and the taste and quality just seems to stand out here at Pink Spot. I love the pink spot (pun intendo) They also have wonderful blended shakes, banana splits, and dipped bacon or cheesecake. It's everything you could ever want in an ice cream shop and I love it. I would certainly recommend this to all of my Yelp friends as well as IRL friends.
We live right near at the lofts and were having a huge Super Bowl party. We ordered a huge order and they were super quick and got every single order right which was shocking!!! And the best sundaes ever!! I got the hunky monkey and our other friends got the black and white sundae which has hot fudge, whipped cream, cookies!!! Yummy!!!! And I even tried their chocolate chip cookie ice cream!!! The vanilla was so smooth and so delicious I was giddy!!! Will definitely order delivery again!!!
A solid ice cream store built into a pizza place.  A decent selection of ice cram, with a few nice flavors.  

I ordered a traditional ice cream soda (told they could do it).  Well they didn't quite know what they were doing.  They had the ingridents right - sure.  Yet the important step of syrup first, adding soda water, and creating a slurry was skipped. Instead they just topped ice cream with syrup and put the soda water in.  

It took a decent amount of work to get the syrup and the soda water mixed up together.


So maybe ice cream soda isn't their strong part.    That is fine.  They had a solid selection of ice cream and some really uniquely sounding desserts (chocolate dipped bacon anyone?).

I think I would go back for another try at a four-star. . .just not getting the ice cream soda next time.
The short: Pink Spot's ice cream has my favorite texture--dense, almost chewy, and smooth. The flavors are spot on. Parking can seem tricky, but there's more along the side and in back, and inside, there's ample seating but with a cozy feel. Service is good, and so are the cookies we've tried. 

The long: Parking out front can be tricky, especially since all the spots slant southeast, but there's more parking around the side and behind the building. Then you might have to duck under or around some patio umbrellas to get to the front door. Once you're inside and home free, though, you have a clean, open interior with couches, tables, and chairs, bookshelves with games and books along the side, and the counter lining the back wall. There's a doorway into the pizza joint next door, too. 

The counter help is friendly, quick, and efficient, and I'm glad they aren't stingy with the sample tastes because I always want to try everything I haven't already tried, and sometimes I just want a taste of something I already know I like. We liked the ice cream so much the first time, we went back twice in one week. We've tried Callebaut chocolate, mint chip, chocolate peanut butter, salted caramel, and pistachio, and they all have good, pure flavors. The texture is perfect--better than any other ice cream I've ever had. I don't know what little mom and pop creamery Pink Spot is coming from (last I read, it was Karen's Kreamery), but whoever they are, they're doing wonderful things. 

The baked goods are made in-house, and they're also excellent. I can't get enough big, soft, chewy cookies, and this has been a dependable place to get them. I haven't tried anything off their savory or coffee menus, but I plan to next time I visit.
Just had "the clucker" for breakfast! Awesome, I recommend this place... Great ambiance, great food, great service....and on top of all of that, breakfast is served whole day and they deliver!
The location is perfect. It's in downtown Phoenix and connected to Z Pizza! They offer a variety of items to choose from: breakfast food, ice cream, baked delicacies, etc.

The downside is that it's dark in there. It feels kind of depressing. There is not very much parking.
$2.80 for a single scoop, above average quality and excellent range of flavored (eg pear garganzola). Connected inside to high quality pizza shop. Cozy leather sofas and lots of books for all ages. Cool spot!
The place is awesome! Very chill environment, and all desserts are presentable! I love cheesecake and dipped in chocolate had me at first sight! It tasted incredible! The peach smoothie I had as well was perfect! It was a last minute run but it just hit up! Very happy!
I live and work near Pink Spot and I LOVE it!

Love the staff, Demetra and Tanya.

Love the food (and lattes), chocolate covered bananas, ice cream, and breakfast burritos.

What I don't love? That they're CLOSING on Saturday, May 24th! I'm really bummed.

Better stock up on some pints of ice cream.....
LOVE this place!!! Every time I come (which isn't as frequent as I'd like due to proximity) everyone is super helpful and nice. I've only had their ice cream and WOW!!  Delish! Chocolate Peanutbutter - yumm! I look forward to exploring their menu.

Great vibe, urban setting & comfortable atmosphere. We've done the Z's pizza next door (they're joined) and that too was a great experience. 

At first glance Parking looks to be an issue - however there is parking down the side and around back.
I was in town for a convention and discovered this place on Yelp. When I saw the "store closing" sign on the door, I made it a point to stop in whenever I could. It definitely provided a respite from the HOT days, especially the one evening where I decided to run 3 miles without bringing any water with me. Really enjoyed the pear gorgonzola ice cream, and never had an issue with any other food I ordered. But I most appreciated the service - prompt and friendly. Thanks especially to Angie for the super-friendly chat! I'm a big fan of small mom-and-pop shops and hopefully that place will be resurrected somewhere nearby, soon!
NOOOOOOOO!!!  WHY?????  

I'm obsessing about cappuccino crunch milkshake with 2 shots espresso!!  

Why did you close?????  My boyfriend and I loved your spot!!
Not surprised.....
I have to say that I'm such a frozen yogurt junkie! Ive been driving by Ice Tango daily waiting for the day they finally open. Well, its finally here.. they opened a few hours ago and there was just about a line out the door. I didn't realize how many fro-yo junkies were out there waiting, hoping and wishing they would open their newest location! 

Tonight being there first night I have to tip my hat to Dave and family. They have managed to put out as good of a product as they have over at the North Scottsdale location. I had the twangy yogurt topped with Fruity Pebbles and mochi.. you know for me its all about textures and flavors. Something about the sweet tart yogurt up against the crunch of the pebbles and the soft chewiness of the mochi that just gets me going. 

Ice Tango is truly a delight and I'm just so excited that they are only about a mile or so from the house. You guys just rock my world!
Damn! I've been beat to the punch... or to the frozen yogurt I should say! I suppose Alexander C. had an unfair advantage as he lives a block from the new Ice Tango location. ::Jealousy::

I have been a big fan of Ice Tango ever since I "hauled by tuchas" all the way to NoSco for a frozen dairy delight. Well, its still a haul, but a much shorter one. And still worth it.
David really has found his niche in the community and we can all be thankful that it came in the form of delicious and nutritious probiotics.

This Ice Tango is much smaller than the first, but what a great location! When I went, they were still working on getting all of the ingredients for the savory crepes, so I had a lemon berry. Delicious. I also had a sample of the pineapple yogurt. Those flavors were meant to be together. I am salivating at the thought.

David strikes again. New locations coming soon...
I was trying so damn hard to school these fools around here about PinkBerry/RedMango goodness and then bam- I happen to stumble in on Ice Tango. 
It was like a force of nature that great day. I was searching for a place to hang before an appt and considered nearby Starbucks. But then, I see this place and ran inside screaming "Are you like Pinkberry!?!" The girls then gave me yummy samples and I was in heaven again. 
My pic- the regular tangytart with carob chips and strawberries. 
The next day I hit the north location after a day at the pool. My friend in tow, I turned her on to my discovery and FINALLY another Phx friend knew the pleasure I had been describing.
I am thinking about pomegranate with pineapple right about now.
Thank you Ice Tango!
Obsessed. Like, I've-got-the-Twangy-Tart-withdrawal-shakes level of addiction to this place. Please make one in Arcadia! Pleeeaaassse.
I discovered the frozen yogurt craze this summer. It was a beautiful summer, where I lived only a little ways from LA and subsequently, from Yogurt Passion, which, if you ever get the chance to visit, is AMAZING. Thus, when I came to the realization that there were hardly any yogurt places here, I went through a period of depression....until....I did a yelp search and found Ice Tango!!! It was just as I could have possibly imagined anything that I could find in LA!! However, most of my opinions are comparing Ice Tango to the almighty Yogurt Passion...so pardon me if I'm not falling head-over-heels in love with this place.

Pros:
-best plain yogurt flavor (Twangy tart) I've ever tried. There's this mysterious sweet, somewhat fruity flavor to it that I'm a little obsessed with. I've never been a fan of plain, but I guess now I am.
-The peach flavor is also very good too, if you want a flavor recommendation.
-All the fruit is fresh and tastes amazing.
-If you sign up for their "fan club" online, you get emails with coupons.

Cons:
-This is damn pricey yogurt. When I went to Yogurt Passion, I could pile up the biggest size cup with maybe 10oz of yogurt and 4 different types of fruit and it would ring up to be around $5. I come here and I can't even get toppings without paying and extra $0.75 for each and even with a cup of just yogurt, it costs more than $5. If they priced the same way as Yogurt Passion (and a ton of other LA yogurt chains) by the ounce, I would've said that Ice Tango was the best yogurt place I've been to in my life. Sadly, my wallet isn't big enough my college-student money on topping-less yogurt on a regular basis.
-Passion fruit is gross! Don't get it no matter what you do! It will be the regret of your life, to exaggerate. It tastes...a little muddy. I would say that's a bad thing.
- Those new fruitty sparklers? Yeah, I wouldn't recommend them, at least after trying the coconut lime. I'll give them another try in the near future, but until then, it's a thumbs down.
I really like this place. The fruit is really fresh and the yogurt is great. I have been to Pink  Berry as well as other similar places in LA and find it better plus the crepes are amazing.
Wow my fellow yelpers..."AMAZING!!"???  

You guys have been in AZ too long.  Sure, IT got the job done when my sweet tooth was screaming for satisfaction the other night, but "amazing" is reserved for the likes of Oregano's Bazookie, Ted Drew's frozen custard or my grandmothers peach pie.  

Ice Tango...for me...not amazing.  Good, yes.  And in a good location.  And clean and the staff was nice.  But when I'm looking for dessert, "twangy tart" simply cant stand up to any kind of chocolate, which they had none of, at least in the frozen yogurt genre.  

However, fresh, creative toppings and not TOO overly priced, especially for this McDonald and Scottsdale Rd location...I'll go again when I'm looking for something a little more healthy and a little less amazing.
Very fun! A minimalist setting, Jetson chairs, tangerine/papaya colors on the wall, a great display of colorful toppings and cool green spoons for your yogurt. 

Now for the yogurt - the new trend in yogurt is this tart, plain, healthy yogurt. They have it at Tango. I know it doesn't sound great, but have it a few times and this will be your standard. Tango has a nice assortment of toppings, you need to go with their fresh fruit - blueberries are my favorite - for a refreshing taste. 

The two gents working last night were friendly, helpful and kick back casual.
After trying almost every combination, I found my favorite... 

Twangy yogurt with pomegranate seeds and the japanese gummy candy. Can't remember what they are called, and if I did, probably couldn't spell it, but yumacious-ness all the way. The candy is almost like a marshmallow meets gummy bear. Not sure there is anything else to compare it to...but don't worry, they'll know what you are talking about. 

I've been a big fan of this place since they opened. Cute atmosphere, great yogurt that is allegedly low calorie (tastes too good, but it apparently its true!), and they also have have crepes... :) 

Don't forget to get a punch card, 10th purchase is free which will come in handy when you become addicted.
I went there after dinner for a desert crepe. Ordered strawberry banana nutella. It's okay. I wish they had not sweetened the strawberry. It was also quite big, enough to share between 2 people. 

If I go back, I will make sure I am not full, and have a sweet craving.
It tasted like Red Mango... or Pink Berry... or every other froyo place ever created from the hype. 

Not bad I guess... it's a good alternative.

I also tried a crepe. It took forever for them to make. It was like they went out to pick a banana off a banana tree somewhere in the banana fields not before having to fight a monkey for the last banana. But before they finished making my banana and nutella crepe... they decided to clean and disinfect the battle wounds they suffered from fighting off the ferocious monkey, only to realize that the banana they took from the monkey was meant to feed the young monkeys so they felt bad and gave it back. Then they went down the street to safeway and bought a banana.

If that really happened... I guess it's acceptable for them to take as long as they did to make me my crepe.
I'm with Kelly W -
My favorite Ice Tango combo is twangy tart with pomegranate and mochi, but the rest of their fresh fruit and other toppings are always tempting as well. 

I was really sad when the original Ice Tango location closed a few months back, but luckily, I'm not too far from this Hilton Village location.  We decided stop in for our Ice Tango fix last night with our family friends.  I called ahead to make sure they were open (it was Easter Sunday) and sure enough, they were!  Everyone ordered their favorite combinations and we were one happy bunch.

Ready for the even more exciting news?  We learned that their Old Town location will be opening really soon!  And the new location will be self-serve if I understand correctly... exciting, yes - dangerous too... especially when I'm really trying to stay on the wedding diet!
LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! Best yogurt place ever! This is what yogurt should be! This greek style frozen yogurt is healthier for you, and just as affordable as that sugar loaded junk TCBY feeds you!

The staff is a little young and customer service is not their thing, but the yogurt is worth the lack of smiles in the place!
Custards and yogurt.
This is located in a nice plaza in scottsdale, cute little posh store. I had strawberry yogurt... recommended by the clerk after having tried several flavors... and indeed it was delicious.
I really liked everything except the PRICE!!
I got two small yogurts, one with a topping, and it cost $7.40!!!!
I would have been fine with it but the amount of yogurt I got was not that much.
personally, I'd rather have gone to the super market and buy Breyers brand icecream and have a ton more left over to fulfill my sweet tooth for the week.
Don't think I'll be back, unless I'm invited to go.
It is, however, in the same plaza that Houstons, blue wasabi, humble pie, and other great restaruants are soo if you're on a date... this would probably be a cheaper yummier dessert.
This location closed (Hilton Village) :( Sooo sad because Ice Tango is my favorite!
No longer in business at this location, completely empty, so sad :(
I quite like this place as i like its ice cream.It has a great cafe for eating and ordering meals upstairs.Staff are polite and helpful.Nice food and ice cream.
During my week-long vacation in Edinburgh I spent the first few days and nights in romantic bliss, but then my companion-in-intimacy had to leave town a couple days before me -- I needed immediate and immense comforting, and S Luca provided just that (in spades).

Irn-Bru sorbet -- HOLY COW, I came back three times to enjoy it... It's fizzy, it's ginger, it's phenomenal... Also I enjoyed something called the "Knickerbocker Glory" which was a little overwhelming (I'm not really a sweets person, and it's pretty much an encyclopedia of sugar's varieties and manifestations) but still pretty damn good.
My university is based in Musselburgh where S.Luca originates and is an institution. I have visited S.Luca many a time and it never fails to impress. The Morningside location is just as great as its original. 

We visited the cafe for lunch and the menu is great. The menu includes sandwiches, paninis, fish and chips, and a wide range of specials. I went for the Chicken, Mozzarella and Guacamole panini. Despite the fact the Guacamole was store bought (it really isn't that hard to make at home), it was lovely. My boyfriend had the Club Sandwich which he really enjoyed. Basically it is everything you would expect from a cafe. 

But it isn't the cafe you come to S.Luca for.

The ice cream is what its all about. I could spend forever in here sampling the different flavours and sundaes. They have your standard Chocolate, Strawberry, Mint Choc Chip as well as Coffee, Toffee, Irn Bru Sorbet, Vimto Sorbet and many more. My personal favourite is Toffee Fudgy Wudgy. Yeh try asking for that with a straight face! The ice cream is homemade and really is fantastic. I recommend eating in the cafe first and if it is a nice day, go downstairs and get your cone to take away. 

Downstairs also has an amazing selection of chocolates which will leave you drooling all over the glass. 

Also you can buy tubs of ice cream to take away. Which after sampling their delicious ice cream, you probably will do.
If its good enough for a visit from Tony Blair, then its good enough for me.  Peeking through the window at the vast array of truffles, jelly beans and ice creams I felt compelled to taste at least one treat (although one treat always leads to another, and indeed it did!).  S. Luca cafe offers something of a sensory overload: A rich spectrum of colour, wafts of sweet smells, and an assault of flavours.  With a spiral staircase leading to its upstairs cafe, you can take your counter bought delights and sip and coffee or two.  But be warned, the cafe menu offers more tempting dishes: The Amerena Cherries Ice cream special will leave you in a trance like state of indulgence.  Being a haven for sweets you can expect the occasional swarm of giddy children running amok, so don't expect a quiet treat for two.  Nonetheless, those with an insatiable sweet tooth will be in a frenzy over an S. Luca logo marked bag of truffles including such flavours as butterscotch, Amaretto, Champagne Milk and many more.  The only thing missing was Willy Wonka himself.
Luca's make the best ice-cream - take note, that's not the best ice-cream in Edinburgh, that's the best ice-cream ever. I have had this drummed into me since I was a small child, it wasn't something that was ever up for debate, but since I'm now grown-up and have had the chance to taste many other varieties and brands, I can assert that it is most definitely true. This caf in Morningside has an ice-cream counter on the ground floor, where you can pop in and grab a cone or tub to take-away, or you can sit upstairs and enjoy something more extravagant. They sell light meals upstairs as well (paninis and sandwiches etc), but everyone knows that dessert is the main event. The ice-cream is so creamy and delicious, you'll never want to have Ben and Jerry's or Haagen Daaz ever again.
I. Am. In. Love. With. This. Place.

Quite frankly, if you walk out of this place and don't also feel the same then there's something wrong with your eyes and tastebuds. 

This chocolateria and gelateria used to be on my route to the nearby supermarket, which invariably meant I'd have much less money for boring things like groceries by the time I eventually got to Tesco! You can get a takeaway cone or tub, but I challenge you to step inside, see the home-made confectionery counter full of sweets, cakes and handmade chocolates and truffles, and still have the self-restraint to order your take-away and walk out.

Instead, you'll probably end up spotting the menu, and before you know it you'll be ordering a cappuccino and slab of home-made cake. Yes, they do savoury stuff like sandwiches, home-made pizzas, soups and lasagnes in all their cafs, but why bother with sensible food when you're surrounded by all that sugary goodness?!

It's true, the Morningside branch isn't quite as big as the original in Musselburgh and so doesn't stock quite as big a selection to choose from, but I guarantee you won't leave feeling hungry.
My mother always claims to be 'not an ice-cream' person. However, having taken her to St. Lucas, I think she might have changed her mind. 
This amazing shop sells. Without a doubt, the best ice cream ever - and there is such a large selection of it too, from traditional flavours like vanilla and chocolate, to more modern (and Scottish!) flavours such as Irn-Bru Sorbet. Yum! On sunny days there are literally queues out of the door and around the corner, it's that good!
St. Luca also houses a small cafe, and downstairs a counter selling some very tempting chocolates. 
My only concern is the size of those queues, it really can take the edge off a desire for ice cream having to wait for 15 mins to get served!
Over all though, amazing.
WOW!

I lived in Bruntsfield for a year and definitely didn't know there was such an amazing ice cream parlour a few minutes away! When I found it I was in shock! It is like something out of an American sitcom. 
They have all the flavours in the world, as well as lots of confectionary goodness. Although it is very pricey - I came on a date here once and was bought a little gold chocolate bunny, for 3! It was smaller than my thumb, so although I appreciated the gesture it was a bit OTT....

Upstairs is a cafe-style area to eat your ice cream if you want to sit in with it. It's all very quaint!
I'm not really into ice cream as much as some people but this place is seriously good.  It's on two floors with an ice cream parlour on the ground floor and a cafe above it.  I came here with two friends and we sat upstairs after about a ten minute wait for a table - testament to how popular the gelataria is.  The menu had the normal flavours of ice cream like vanilla, strawberry, chocolate but also more exotic ones like champagne and kiwi fruit.  
They let you choose either three or five scoops of any flavour of your choice and there's all kinds of sauces on offer to go with it.  It costs about 4 and the scoops which they give you are a decent size which are the perfect antidote to a heat of a warm summer's day.  
As a cafe it's very pricey and I would only really recommend coming here for the ice cream which is definitely its major selling point.
The founder of this icecream/chocolatier/candy store had a name I didn't even bother memorizing, so wisely changed it to the more easily remembered S Luca. Another Italian establishment (where are they all coming from?!) this shop is primarily an ice cream store and has quite an extensive variety. Being a more traditional gal, I've had the vanilla flavour on several occasions and tried some others as well; it's definitely the yummy stuff!

If carefully tasting your way through every ice cream flavour isn't enough for you, they also sell realllllly fancy chocolate right next to the ice cream counter and just by the entrance is a further candy counter; apparently they're  "everyones' favourite childhood sweets" but having grown up in Nigeria, it's obviously some one else's childhood they they're talking about.

My next plan of attack is to venture upstairs and visit their cafe! That's if I haven't succumbed to sugar shock by the name I make it there..
I am not surprised that this place has got a whole page of glowing reviews - it certainly is excellent! Morningside Road is such a nice street to have a wander down, there are so many gorgeous little boutiques, art stores and other independent shops that you could spend a whole afternoon going from shop to shop getting some goodies or just searching for inspiration. 

I was having an inspiration searching day last week and as it was a beautiful day I decided to pop into S. Luca to reward myself with an ice-cream. I spent ages drooling over all the flavours wondering what one to go for. Chocolate? Strawberry? Mint? It was torture. I eventually decided to go for some chocolate and I wasn't disappointed by my decision, it was amazing.

You can also sit in with a wee tea of coffee and grab some lunch as they offer sandwiches, paninis and other light bites but make sure you save some room for a slice of cake afterwards!

S. Luca offers amazing quality produce in a traditional setting with a great atmosphere and friendly staff, I can't praise it high enough!
As a grown man who for employment purposes frequently wears a shirt and tie whilst strolling round the capital, I probably look a little odd whilst supping on an ice cream. I don't let it stop me however, and wherever I see such frozen, creamy manna on sale, I find it impossible to control myself.

My usual double cone with flake tasted magnificent from S Luca, and on my second visit the coconut flavour I went for really was a joy to behold. Tremendous as it is, I'm not 100% sure it's actually all that much better than everywhere else as some of my fellow scribblers seem to think, but as an avid icy lover I'm possibly just not that picky.

Very nice, borderline opulent surroundings, and located in what  is the dictionary definition of a leafy suburb, it does pretty much everything right.
You see this shop, and you can't resist - you want to treat yourself.

Your taste buds are telling you you need this ice cream, and now I am signing up to the list of S Luca's merry fans - it's outstanding. Offering creamy, traditional ice creams in a number of flavours and styles, it's worth making the journey to Morningside for.

As Eleanor said they have a sit in area, where you can get teas, coffees and light bites, but as the ladies and gents also said you can't come in here without purchasing something sweet. It's what S Luca is here for, and the ice cream is perfection. Soft, a little bit chewy and fresh, it's unforgettable. I would recommend the chocolate, but I can imagine their other flavours are just as impressive.

A perfect way to end a sunny day, S Luca's ice cream is also tasty in winter. They sell lovely confectionary too, from homemade chocs in Arran to Lindt bunnies. I love an ice cream shop which brings with it a touch of class, and S Luca certainly fits that criteria.
Mmmmm...Luca's.  Even the mention of the name, and my salivary glands begin to work overtime.  I've been here plenty of times now, and I don't remember ever having been disappointed.

The Morningside branch is located just near Holy Corner, and is a cunning plan to lure all of the well-off people from the local area to enjoy their ice cream all year round.  Each time I've been, I visited the upstairs restaurant part.  For nearly all of the times, I've gone for a Strawberry Bliss - a heady mix of ice cream, cream, and strawberries.  It's very tasty, but also over far too quickly because of its tastiness.

The downstairs part serves cones of a variety of flavours of ice cream, as well as a lot of sweets and chocolates.  They should maybe consider putting a dentist in there too - I dread to think of the amount of tooth decay that this place is responsible for!

If you have a sweet tooth, or appreciate a good ice cream, then you have to visit Luca's.  You'd be crazy not to.
When I lived closer to the Morningside area, I used to come here after playing tennis, to scoff down a panini, and then top it off with an ice cream for good measure. I mean, how can you come here without selecting yet another exciting flavour of ice cream? Italian ice cream is awesome, and that's a fact. You could say that coming here and consuming high amounts of calories defeats the purpose of playing an hour and a half of tennis in the first place. Well...that's probably fair enough, but you have to have some incentive to aim for when you're killing yourself running round the court.

S Luca is always busy, busy, and lunch time sees an influx of mothers, children, and babies, although you do get students from the university up the road too. The children running about and the babies wailing I'm not so keen on, being the most not maternal individual of all time, sorry if that sounds harsh, but it's just an honest reaction. This doesn't take away from the fact that the food is tasty, with a great lunch menu served in the cafe upstairs, from sandwiches, paninis and soups, plus there's the ever appealing option of tucking in to an ice cream from the gelateria downstairs.
all I can say is WOW

You need to come here, seriously, it's amazing.

Yolanda, the owner, is nothing short of brilliant. So creative, so meticulous with her presentation, so fun and energetic, so lovely and so nice!! She is so professional and it shoes in her parlours.

eleven out of ten!!
I have yet to find a better ice cream shop in Edinburgh. It seems a lot better and real when compared to the big chains. The staff seem nice, allowing you to taste your flavour if you like before buying. This is always helpful for me as I am a little bit indecisive! As a huge fan of Bananas, I discovered their Banoffee ice cream. Oh man.. I don't think i'd need to try any others. LOVE! 

They also sell other chocolates and yummy things. But I will always choose gelato over chocolate! I'd suggest going if you have a craving, enough choices to find one you like!
This little shop is amazing, and they definitely sell the best ice cream that i've found in Edinburgh so far. 
The portions for the price are totally reasonable for the quality (two scoops of gelato for 1.70? I dig it!) I got a scoop each of nutella and vanilla, and I was beyond pleased. Probably some of the best, if not THE best ice cream I've ever had the pleasure of wolfing down. I'll be sure to buy a liter to take home with me next time I pop in. 
They also have an array of adorable handmade chocolates that I'll have to come back for to give as a gift to someone!
Wow S Luca sell the best ice cream i've tasted, especially their nutella flavour!

Yum yum yum!

You won't regret searching out this shop! :)
Amazing ice-cream - 3 scoops is 2.35 to take out and is very busy on a sunny day (there was still a queue at 8.50pm last night). I tried the irn-bru sorbet (amazing!), fudgy-wudgy (gorgeous sweet fudge and toffee bits), and strawberry (real bits of fruit).
Ice-cream sundaes are impressive and good value (typically under 5) but make sure you are hungry when ordering as you feel guilty if you cannot finish it!
You can sit in upstairs in Luca's. The menu is basic (pannini's, burgers, pizzas) but prices aren't over the top. Gluten Free chioces are more limited but if like me, cheesy nacho's are your fall back then a decent portion with salsa, guacamole and sour cream is only 3.80

Also- - if retro sweets are your bag, Luca's has an awesome selection :-D !
I want to like S Luca more than I do.  I keep trying, but I just .... fail.

I've had ice cream from here a number of times and so often I get really excited and then I try it and I'm reminded that I didn't really like it last time either.

The other day the glorious sunshine and heat caused me to require icey creamy goodness so a couple of us headed out to Luca's.  I got cookies and cream and mint chocolate chip.  The mint chip was reeeeeeeeeeally tasty, I was well pleased about that, but the cookies & cream was a bit grainy and just didn't taste very nice to me.

Additionally every time I come here I really want a sorbet, but they seem to very rarely have standard sorbet flavours. The other day they had Irn Bru (??), vimto (????), and mango.  What's with the soda flavours??  

Additionally, every christmas The Man gets me a box of chocolate from here.  I don't have the heart to tell him I really really really really don't like their chocolates, and he ends up benefitting in the end as I get him to eat most of them.  They have the same odd flavour that I found in the cookies & cream ice cream... maybe it's the vanilla they use?   

So, I know that this totally puts me apart from the Luca's loving crowd but in my opinion if you're looking for good chocolate and ice cream in Bruntsfield, The Chocolate Tree is absolutely the way forward.
Honestly a must visit in Edinburgh. They have other shops (not sure where though) but this one is slightly far away for tourists (suppose that's a good thing really). I LOVE the fact its open till 10pm,... ive turned up here a few times at 9.30ish & still had to wait in a queue... it really is THAT good. The small portions work out moderately expensive but you can get a standard ice cream tub for like 3-4 ish (cheaper than B&Jerrys across the road in tesco) and you can get all different flavours in the one tub. The flavours are gorgeous, but sometimes if you arrive later they have a limited supply. Last time I had key lime pie... to die for! Also just their plain vanilla is good too. Never been to their cafe upstairs as I always take away. They have a pricey chocolate section, & a small sweet section too. Honestly though, the ice cream is amazing... much better than anything you can find in the supermarket.
When announcing I was coeliac the waitress was able to tell me straight away that a couple of the ice creams were OK but she'd get the manager to come over to chat through the choices.  Manager duly arrived with a folder full of all their products, with all ingredients listed, so it was incredibly easy.  Vanilla, strawberry and Nutella ice creams are OK, chocolate is not as they add drinking chocolate powder.  

The rest of the service was superb, and the place was buzzing for a Sunday afternoon.
I love ice cream and was really eager to try S Luca's ice cream that I had heard so much about. When we arrived on a Saturday afternoon, there were long queues for the take-away treats downstairs but we headed upstairs to find seats. We should have known this would be packed as well, especially with boisterous and sugar-filled kids with lots of newly found energy. We waited patiently for a table to open up and were seated within a few minutes. My chocolate and pistachio ice creams were good, but they didn't blow me away. 

Besides the okay-it's-good-but-not-amazing ice cream, the whole experience was a bit lacking in my view. The servers seemed overly-busy and lacked a sense of genuine friendliness. The place was clean and the old-fashioned ice cream bar feel provided good ambiance, but the rowdy kids and sheer noise of the place got to me. We could hardly hear each other, which never bodes well. I'd go back to S Luca for the ice cream, but perhaps next time I'd just do take-away and enjoy it while strolling through Morningside for better ambiance.
I have yet to come here for food, so this is just a rating of the ice cream and sweet shop downstairs.

They have a fantastic array of flavours, I haven't tasted one that DIDN'T make me crave more, and there's always a new sorbet or frozen yoghurt available every time I come in - the raspberry and green apple frozen yoghurt being a personal favourite. 

The Irn Bru and Vimto sorbets are so addictive they may be illegal, they do the only chocolate ice cream I've found that doesn't taste horribly bitty, the strawberry and vanilla are phenomenal....I could probably just list every different flavour and a different superlative next to them, but that would get boring. They also have a great variety of interesting sweets available, and they're one of the few places in town to get my Jelly Belly fix.

Did I mention their ice cream is really really good?
Not Willy Wonkas chocolate factory unfortunately but still still yummy. Just stopped in because I had some time and I have been past this place a million and ten times and have never gone in . Place is nice and clean and had a good variety of chocolates. I decided on the violet and rose truffles as well as a chocolate mouse ( no harry potter chocolate frogs unfortunately ) anyways the gal was real nice who served me so customer service was good. The chocolate was not bad at all, the two truffles tasted just like the name of them Rose and Violets. The Violet was not to good in my opinion, tasted to much like soap so maybe the flavors in that one need to be toned down so you can taste the chocolate. I will stop in again when I have more time as this was a rush when I went in I should have browsed more but oh well. Try the chocolate mice, they are remarkably well detailed ( hope there not real mice haha) .
If you just want a cone of ice cream, i literally can't praise luca's ice cream enough. it is of the highest quality! There is a restaurant upstairs here too which is totally cheap and cheerful (mostly) but i'm not such a big fan of it there. Thankfully though the ice cream is incredible, which i think is the important thing given that it's their thing.
If you've read my previous post about Aunt Lena's Creamery closing, you know that I was fretting about where to find Twinkie gelato.  No more worries!  We went to Gelato Fantastico not long ago and met the owner.  She was very personable and enthusiastic.  After talking to my friends, she decided to make TWINKIE gelato and even named it after my friend!  VERY cool! 

We sampled multiple flavors and had difficulty making up our minds- they were all delicious and no ice crystals to be found!   I'm always happy to see peanut butter and of course, Diamond's Twinkie Deluxe!  I'll be back to try more flavors!
Gelato Fantastico is a much needed gelato place in Gilbert.  I used to visit the place near San Tan Village, but was very bummed when it closed.  Soon after, Gelato Fantastico opened up and I had a place nearby to get my gelato! Also just an FYI if you are looking for this place at night the sign can be VERY hard to see from the street because it is a dark brown color.

The place is very nice, and the owner Michelle is also very nice.  The gelato is really good, and they change out their flavors very often so its not always the same thing.  I really love the fruit flavored ones, but that is just my preference.  Overall, if I want gelato, this is the place I go!
This Place is now closed....
Checked out PastaBar tonight and here's my review...

We'll start with the bad:

* Horrible location within the building. The entrance is way down the hallway that you enter off of 1st St. Maybe they have plans to redo that hallway into something more inviting, but it feels like you're walking into some storage area and it's really a shame as the entry doors are quite nice and give a nice first impression once you actually reach them. Would have been great if the entrance was right off the street like Sens.

* No alcohol license. Just read that it's in the works (2 weeks out) and glad to hear that as pasta with no wine just doesn't sit well, ya know?

* Cloth napkins would be nice. It's not a big deal but would give it a better ambiance then a fork/knife wrapped in a paper napkin, especially when you're dropping $20 per person

Now for the good:

* The food is freaking AMAZING! I'm serious when I say it's the best pasta I've ever eaten. That may not be saying that much, as I don't eat pasta often, and if I do, it's usually Buca di Beppo or Olive Garden, but this was some seriously good food.
I had the Chitarra alla Carbonara...guanciale, farm egg, local onion, Pecorino ($17) along with Warm Calamari ($7). My fiance had the Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder ($9). The Pork Shoulder I could have passed on...not that it wasn't good, just didn't really care for the sauce it had on it. The other two items however...I was just about licking the pasta bowl when done, it was that good. The texture of the noodles was spot on, and the mix of the guanciale (bacon made from the pigs head from what I understood) along with the Pecorino (sheep's milk cheese) worked great together.

* Complimentary Valet Parking! Not sure if it's a temporary thing or not, but it was nice, especially on a freezing night like tonight.

* Portion size was good...right in the middle, not too little but definitely not the huge platter portions you would see at Buca di Beppo. Pasta dishes are 4oz-6oz each and they recommend to pair it with a side or appetizer, but really I didn't think it was necessary once the pasta dish arrived.
I could sit here and talk about the fantastic food that Wade and his crew produce on a nightly basis at Pasta Bar, but I'm not. The quality of the food is all too obvious from the littany of reviews already posted on Yelp! in the one week that this new restaurant is open. 

Pasta Bar is more than a restaurant. With chefs in Phoenix like Chris Bianco and Wade Moises, I feel like the Valley of the Sun is finally transforming into a foodie force to be reckoned with. For so long Phoenix has been nothing but a commuter city with tasteless slop served up by corporate restaurant chains. 

With the opening of the first leg of the light rail, there has been an increased interest in Downtown. More people are venturing from their safe little homes in the burbs to check out the unique variety of restaurants, cafes and bars popping up. Pasta Bar, like many of the new spots downtown, demands a different kind of consumer. You may not always be right, and you must have an open mind to new and exciting fare (no alfredo sauces or gut busting portions at this place). You probably shouldn't even ask for butter with your crisp breadsticks. This restaurant is so good that modifications aren't necessary-and are generally unwelcomed. This restaurant needs you to appreciate it for what it is-not what you want it to be. That is why Pasta Bar (and all of my other fave downtown comforts) is going to be a success. It's quality and simplicity demand respect. 

I am proud of Wade and his crew for opening such a fantastic new place, and I am already and avid fan of his delicious gnocchi. :)
The place is beautiful, food great, the service BEYOND words (as in a great way) and the owners are a couple of great guys.

Well there you have it! Another great addition to CenPho ... 

You can meet the owners by watching this: http://www.cenpho.tv/CenPho.TV/Show_Notes/Entries/2009/1/16_January_16th_2009.html
We've been eagerly anticipating the opening of PastaBAR since we heard of it, and we love the location near Sens, Breadfruit and now Turf Accountant.

Let's start out by saying we are huge fans of hand made fresh pasta.  But read on...

We showed up about 7pm on a Thursday and were the only patrons in the place...another group showed up when we were finishing.

The decor is nice, I like it.  The servers were very friendly and attentive.  The bar / wine list was not yet available, but we went in expecting this as we knew about the license pending.

Let's talk about the food and presentation.

Starters:
There were plastic packaged crunchy breadsticks on our plates - ok, tasty enough.  It would be nicer if the kitchen sent out something small and hand made instead.

We tried the Fritto Misto, a deep fried appetizer trio: stuffed/deep fried olives:  tasty and interesting, not a bad start.  The broccollini was not as good, a bit greasy, but still interesting.  The deep fried risotto was probably the best thing they have, I really enjoyed it.  All were served on a plain white plate.  

Pastas:  
We were told the portions were small, 4-6oz, so we decided to order and share 3 pastas and get a few tastes for the evening.   All were served in plain white bowls (which is fine), but as a whole they all just had too many flavors that overwhelmed the pasta, especially any with the hot peppers.  The gianciale was interesting as a bacon in the pasta, but all around, the pastas tasted heavy, possibly over-egged, too garlicky, and one even had bread mixed in with the sauce...very odd.  

The gnocchi was way too spicy, the gnocchi itself was actually nicely made, but the sauce completely blanketed any flavors the pasta might have had.  You wouldn't know it was gnocchi other than the texture and shape.  Aren't you here for the sauce AND the pasta?  Why take so much time to lovingly hand prepare a pasta if you are going to kill it with a poorly made sauce?

We did not finish but a portion of each bowl, it wasn't interesting or good enough.   We eat Italian several times a week and even though in most cases our favorite Italian restaurant (Marcellino Ristorante) costs more, the quality, flavors, presentation and service are far better than the food and service here.  A $19 Pacatelli al Ragu di Salsiccia at Marcellino completely blows away a $17 anything here.  There is no comparison.  

This place hasn't mastered pasta yet, unfortunately....and this is the chef from Sassi I believe...maybe we were there on a bad night?  But three strikeouts in three pastas...just doesn't cut it.  It wasn't good enough, it was way too overwrought.

Desert:
Skipped, they only offered italian ice.

I think the chef is trying to be too creative here.  Either that or I am used to more subtelty, higher quality, or even more mastery in the making of pastas and the pairing of hand made sauces.  

Both of us agreed that we probably wouldn't come back, even though we always like to give a restaurant more than one chance.  It just didn't show any kind of mastery of Italian food at all.  Just too many conflicting flavors that did nothing for the pasta.
  
On the way out we stopped at Sens and were nicely received by Johnny Chu and we had a nice bottle of Sake as our dessert.  We were so impressed by their menu and cold Sake selection that we went back the next night and had some of the best asian fusion we've had!  (Review pending).   mmm, Yakitori shrimp with head on.  Crunchy goodness!

Summary:
If you are in the neigborhood, you have better options for a nice dinner for a better price.  Sens, Cheuvront, Breadfruit..  but if you want Italian food...this isn't the place.

But give them a try, my review is my own.  My palate is different and I'm sure many people will love this place, it might be a match for you.

I do wish them success.  This is a tough economy and maybe all that is needed is a few tweaks to the sauces - a little more subtlety and fewer ingredients that work well together might make this place worth revisiting.
Finally made it here with a group of friends in an attempt to order one of everything off of the menu. While we didn't accomplish this mission we had sure had a lot of fun working on it.

I have to say that someone in the back is extremely heavy handed with the salt! I mean seriously, every app we order, Seasonal Vegetable, Mozz Salad, Fritto Misto and even the mixed lettuces, salty. You know I'm a fan of good seasoning but came on. I of course told our server who actually tasted the fried broccolini and agreed 100%, salty. No offer of taking them off the bill, remaking them or anything like that.. what it did seem clear is that the staff is afraid of the chef. Our server didn't even want to mention it it him till later, if something is broke, fix it! I will say though that if the apps weren't salty they prolly would have been outstanding, the initial flavors before the extreme saltiness hit you were very good. 

Also I have to bring up another point, why not serve bread? Charge me for it, whatever.. those shitty prepackaged bread sticks don't cut it at all! Apparently the chef feels that bread, and dessert for that matter, shouldn't be served at the PastaBar that the focus should be pasta, if that's the case then ditch the salty apps. Ya know if logic dictates then then make it consistent, ya know?

Okay, onto what was really fun and yummy, the pasta and the sides. The pasta here is out of this world delicious! We ordered the Gnocchi, Chitarra Alla Amatriciana, Orecchiette and the Chitarra alla Carbonara. Perfectly cooked, seasoned and presented, each and everyone! The winner at the table was the ricotta Gnocchi! Each pillow bite was better than the last! The ragu was deliciously thick but lacked one thing, bread! All the sauce on the bottom of each pasta bowl was wasted since there was no bread to sop it all up. Damn that pisses me off to no end. Why make this outstanding pastas and sauces then waste it with no way to sop it up.. *sigh* The side of Pork Shoulder was phenomenal! Tender and juicy this was almost like a confit of pork with a nice puddle of liquid fat on the bottom of the plate, was a shame to let the plate leave with all the goodness sitting there.. I swear,  it cried out when the server took my plate. Haunting.

Alright, I wont mentioned the lack of bread again but come on! LOL! There, over it.. next time I'm sneaking some in under my shirt! Ill charge the other diners 5 bucks for my bread service, it'll be fun! Who knew that bread could be considered contraband!
I'll start by yelling, MORE PASTA PLEASE!... and that's a good thing because the dish I had was insanely delicious. I ordered the Chitarra alla Carbonara with Guanciale. Man-o- man was it good. Thanks to Kevin H for my new found addiction; Guanciale! You Rule!  Now back to the review...
If I were rating my entire experience on the pasta alone, you would see 5 stars. However, in order to get there I feel a few tweaks are needed to land on perfection. First, the local greens salad I had was way overly salted and a bit meager in my opinion. A little less on the salt and throw in a few shavings of Parmigiano and you got a winner. Second, I feel the pricing structure is little steep for the lunch crowd and may be the reason why my co-worker and I were the only ones in the place during the 11am lunch hour on a Tuesday. Consider a price adjustment to attract the lunch crowd and you're sure to draw them in.  My bill with tip was $24.66 for the salad, tea, and pasta. Lastly, and I second Alexander's plea. Where's the freaking bread!  I could not believe I had to give up my bowl with a pool of deliciousness still left at the bottom. The drippings alone could feed a family of three. It was criminal.
 I mentioned my disappointment to our server who kindly said there were no plans to serve bread with pasta dishes, the cracker sticks is all they were serving. Ditch the cracker sticks man and get with the program. I begged with him to make it happen and was a bit dramatic while conveying this request.  He must have got the message because 10 min later he came back to our table saying that the kitchen staff was working on a plan to serve bread with the pasta dishes. I promised a return visit to validate the change and I look forward to reporting back.  Wishin' and Hopin' and Thinkin' and Prayin' la,la, la, la~
A disappointing cacophony of in-your-face flavors.  Having tried two of the pastas and the gnocchi, my impression is that these dishes are the food version of jazz improv - discordant and overwhelming.  Like the music, I can see how the Pasta Bar dishes may appeal to many, particularly those who favor flavor intensity and/or creativity over all else.  For my taste buds, this was overload.  Interesting yes, but I can't say I found it good.
Here are some details:  
Pasta and gnocchi - both are quite heavy and substantial.  I prefer a more tender pasta and pillow-light gnocchi.  Maybe after running a marathon the high-density pasta would hold more appeal.
Sauces - Here is the in-your-face part.  The gnocchi sauce is spicy, overwhelmingly so for me (although I do freely admit to being a hot chili wimp).  Despite my personal intolerance to hot food, a more delicate approach would have been better.
The le Sarde sauce sounded interesting, mainly because I love sardines, but my taste buds could not get over the bizarre combination of strong flavors vying for attention. I could not even pick out the taste of the sardines amongst the culinary noise.  And what is with the dried hunks of bread?  I could not get beyond the oddness of this one.  
The carbonara was an intense combination of garlic and black pepper flavors, and probably the dish I enjoyed most of the three.  Even on this one, the garlic was out of this world in intensity.
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.  The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.  The ingredients all appeared fresh and high quality.  And the food is indeed interesting - this is no boring spaghetti/lasagna place.
As a matter of taste, I'm going to have to pass on Pasta Bar.  For the price, I'll be looking for more of a flavor symphony.  If culinary improv and high-density pasta is your thing, check it out.
I'm inclined to like PastBAR because I generally support all things downtown.  Our saturday evening dinner was nice.  My gnocchi were rich and satisfying and BFs sausage and fennel pasta was equally good.  That's pretty much it.  I think the food here is good enough to go back for but not good enough to rave about.  I also think the decor is a little too "chain-like".  I guess I don't have a lot to say about the place.  Sometimes a restaurant is fine but doesn't hit your hot button.
Okay, I want to like it more than I do but.....well, lets just dig into the review. First, know that I went there for lunch on a Saturday, not in the evening when it is in full swing, so maybe I missed part of the ambiance but honestly, I went there to try the food. 

First, I had the olives appetizer and based just on that, this place would be amazing. It was a small plate full of big, meaty, green olives, obviously warmed in a bath of live oil and served with a light sprinkle of salt and oh, so good. I would go back just for these. But, an appetizer does not a meal make so lets go on to the main course and side dish. 

For lunch I had some sort of pasta which was advertised to have anchovies, lemon, and if i remember correctly, hot pepper. I also ordered a side of braised greens. The pasta, when it was served, came in a large white bowl and honestly, when I order a pasta dish over $10, I prefer it to be well...plated, on a plate. The dish also contained sauteed fennel which, while not unpleasant, was not expected, and it seemed, it was a bit dry. As for the braised greens, also served in a large white bowl and that was it, just the braised greens. Some cracked black pepper and some shaving of hard cheese, would definitely have helped round out the side dish (though at $3 I can't complain too much but make it $4 and bump it up a bit). 

Finally, the decor, nothing really stands out. Sen, right next door, has much more of an artistic edge so maybe they could kick up the look of the place a bit. So, take the review for what it is and if nothing else, go in the evening for a glass of wine and the olive appetizer (a steal at $5) but overall, it did not wow me as much as I expected from all the write-ups.
I am SO glad to have new restaurants opening downtown. My friends and I had eagerly anticipated PastaBAR opening, and I'd say that in general we were pleased with our dinner, service, and ambiance. 

We were told that all of the pasta was made on site, which is great. The pasta itself tasted fresh and was cooked well. I have to say that I actually enjoyed two of the other dishes more than my own: the lemon/butter/parmesan Bavette al Cedro was really good, and the Bavette Cacio e Pepe with black pepper, butter, and pecorino cheese was also good -- I'd thought that the black pepper would be overwhelming, but it was nicely seasoned. Both dishes were simple and satisfying. 

The dish I ordered was a fettuccine dish with fennel pesto, raisins, pine nuts, hot peppers, lemon and sardines. I was told by our server that you couldn't really taste the sardines, but they added a little saltiness to the sauce, which was true. I guess overall I just wasn't impressed by that dish. I couldn't taste the lemon or the hot peppers, and overall I thought it was a bit bland. One of the other people at my table tasted it and agreed. It wasn't that bad, just not impressive. 

We didn't try any appetizers, but drank quite a bit of wine. :) 

Overall, I'll definitely go back. It's a tad on the expensive side, and I wouldn't order the same dish again, but overall it was a nice evening in a beautiful restaurant.
Let me make this clear that I am aware the owners are going to read this and they know who I am and what I do. I am in no way going to let this fact influence my review. 

I came in for lunch with my dad and unfortunately for the restaurant, we were the only ones in it. Almost for the better, as dad had a lot of questions about where the ingredients came from and we had the full attention of Nick and the bartender. The space is clean, and has some local art on most of the walls. One wall though, needs to be decorated... it's very empty. The restrooms are outside the restaurant, which is only a minor inconvience.

I ordered the gnocchi and it was good, but I have been very much spoiled by Marcellino's gnocchi, so I didn't truly think it was phenomonal. The portions at this restaurant are also crazy small. I honestly don't think I've had such a small meal at a restaurant as long as I can remember. I understand about ingredient prices, profit margins, etc. But I'd rather the prices be a couple dollars higher and get a larger meal. 

The overall experience was very positive, but I'd not be yearning to go back immediately. I'll save it for a somewhat special occasion. I think everyone would be happy to at least try it once though.
'P' stands for 'pasta' and 'potential.'  I took my folks to PastaBAR tonight because a proper bowl of house-made pasta was sorely lacking in downtown.

I overheard a server refer to the space as cave-like when she spoke of a plan to expand out to where the windows are, but as it is now, it's a stark, gallery of dining, I suppose.  Our server confirmed the owner's plan to open a gelateria in the adjacent suite.  (Sens, PastaBAR, Turf Accountant, The Breadfruit: quite a culinary compound now!)

The pop art re-imaginings are leaning against a rail on one wall, and I agree with the other yelper who noticed an unadorned wall in dire need of some dressing.  The communal table at the entrance is a nice way to introduce the space, and the bar's best feature is Erin.  (Hi, Erin.)

For $9, the Bavette Cacio e Pepe (black pepper, Italian butter and Pecorino) was rich and peppy.  As a side, I ordered the braised greens (with garlic), and for $3, they were an excellent accompaniment.  The waitress wasn't sure of the the greens (collards, mustard, chard, etc.), but I'm guessing it was broccoli rabe.

The wine menu was interesting, but they were out of the Sangiovese, my dad's favorite.  There's a limited spirit menu -- a handful of liquors -- but the Four Peaks Kiltlifter and 8th Street Ale compensate.

The only dessert offering tonight was a granita, so we passed in hopes of grabbing a gelato at nearby Chill Out Gelato Cafe, but it was closed.

The homemade pasta will keep diners happy as will the generous sides (my dad raved about the slow roasted local lamb for $9).

I'm hoping for more vegetarian options (besides butter and cheese).  When I asked the server if the Fettuccine with fennel could be made without the sardines, she said this was not possible.  I'll definitely return to see if the menu changes with the seasons.  My Bavette were worth returning for.
The (lightly) deep fried veggies tasted great especially the brocholli but it was too heavily salted. We tried two of the entrees and they were fresh and tasted good but they did not impress as I had hoped.

The atmosphere was minimalist and nice, hip but not painfully so.

An appetizer, two pasta entrees, and three glasses of wine + tip rang in at just over $71. My rating may have been better if I did not insider the value. But the truth is that I have recently enjoyed far better meals and with better service for similar or less cost than at Pasta Bar.
Two of us came for brunch on Art Detour Saturday. We had sides only - the slow-roasted pulled pork, ditto lamb, and braised greens. That is precisely what these dishes consisted of - no embellishments. They were delicious and filling and the service was friendly and excellent. We're going back soon to sample the pasta. 

They intend to market themselves to the employed community for weekday lunch. I hope they do - it will increase their chances of survival.
I should give this place another chance. The dcor is nice, the location is right in the middle of the downtown hubbub and the food was good. But I went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and WE WERE THE ONLY TWO THERE. Seriously, it was the two of us, the waitress and a cook. Talk about depression. But, in the name of trying something new, we stayed. The grub was just what I expected, but that's what I like about it. I like that there's a place downtown where you can grab fettuccine at 1 a.m. The braised greens were good, but I wish they were spiced better than just "butter." I can't say much for the atmosphere, as again, there was no one there. The interior was nice, but nothing I haven't seen before. 

So, if you're looking for some fresh-made pasta downtown, this is probably a good place to start. But maybe you should go for dinner.
When Denny's at 1am is the best meal you have had all day, you know something went horribly awry. 

Really I have nothing good to say about PastaBar other than I'm glad we didn't have a wait at 8pm on Friday night, but that is not saying much. 

The bread sticks they serve in the beginning? Dook 
Wine and beer selection? Also Dook. 

All three dishes we ordered came out lukewarm and the portions are really unimpressive, especially for the prices. I was not wowed one bit by anything, including the fried mozzarella. (which, btw, came AFTER our meal despite the fact that we ordered it first, as an appetizer....) 

Our server was a nice lady, but the service just wasn't good. The food wasn't good. I don't like the decor. I think its overpriced. 

I would really rather have gone to Olive Garden and paid $8.95 for the all you can eat pasta, salad and bread sticks. At least I would have been full when I left.

Thanks Denny's for saving my night.

What a let down this place was.
2.5 stars 

I have visited PastaBar twice now. Both times I have been left with the "Eh.. it's ok" opinion about it. 

The first visit was during their opening week, I believe. When we walked in we were warmly greeted and seated immediately. I noticed the very stark decor and the nice big mirror they had to make the room look huge. We were seated in a corner booth that is not very comfortable for two people that want to sit next to each other, not across from each other (just a note). We took the time to look over a simple menu. They had just obtained their liquor license and our waiter was stumbling on the wine selection. While I understand that the liquor license is new, your knowledge of wine should not be. For such a nice place, the servers should have a slight knowledge of wine and be able to advise on them. When it came time to ordering our meal, our waiter was nice enough to advise us to order a side to split with our pasta if we were hungry. Good to know! 

On my first trip, I ordered the Chitarra alla Carbonara. I enjoyed the dish, except for the fact that it was a tad salty and it had a lot of black pepper in it, personal taste is one thing, but when you're chewing into black pepper...woah. I couldn't even enjoy the flavor of the guanciale in the dish because of the pepper in the sauce. The pasta was very good, I like my pastas al dente and this pasta met my expectation. My date ordered the gnocchi. It was again just ok. On the side my date and I split the meatballs. I thought they were ok. The sauce wasn't your run of the mill spaghetti sauce. It had a smoky, almost barbecued flavor to it. It was good, but again a little crazy with the black pepper. At the end of that trip I was left with a "yeah....uh...I think it was good" and vowed to come back to render my final decision. 

The second trip sealed the coffin for me. We were greeted and seated immediately, once again. I took the time to really check out the place. Oh! They put new artwork up....um... I will refer to the art as "Signs of the Apocalypse". Timothy McVeigh? Really? I found it tasteless, but to each his own. Knocked the restaurant down a notch for me, personally. We ordered the Fried Buffalo Mozz, Marinara "crudo" to start. Our waitress left us to take our time looking at the menu. I decided on Orecchiette with homemade sausage and greens. My friend and I shared the Slow Roasted Pork Shoulder. We noted that our appetizer was taking forever and when I spotted the waitress to ask her about it, she was delivering our dinner.... HUGE pet peeve. I gently said "You delivered our entrees before our appetizer." She stood looking astonished and said "OH! Yes I did!" and continued to stand as if she was lost. Well after we told her we still wanted the appetizer, she came back MUCH later with the incorrect appetizer, and offered to leave it and not charge us for it. NO. Wrong. If the customer ordered an appetizer, they wanted that one for a reason. Our appetizer finally made it as the dessert course of our dining experience, but that's not it folks! Rewind to our meals. My pasta was lukewarm at best. It was like I rewarmed leftover pasta and didn't warm it all the way and decided to eat it out of a Tupperware bowl. This was definitely not the marking of a 17 dollar bowl of pasta. By the time I was about 5 bites into my dish, it was cold. At this point, I was so irritated, I truly didn't care. 

I know we're not in Scottsdale, but does that mean we need to sacrifice quality and service due to a different zip code? I know we're in America, but do we need to offend patrons with artwork of mass murderers while they're trying to eat? Again, to each his/her own, but I doubt I will visit PastaBar again. I'm sure it will thrive without a few people with discerning taste. 

It's not a place I will crave, it's not a place that I would jump to visit again.
OK, I'm adding a star to PastaBar because the food deserves it.  That and the "Jack on Mulberry Street" cocktail - very tasty.  So, I've figured out what didn't strike me initially about PB.  It's not so much the art as the whole decor.  It's not bad.  It''s just not as put together as I'd hoped for a downtown local.  It's fine really, just not my style.  The food on the other hand is sublime; inventive and flavorful.  The portions are absolutely fair as is the price.  Now if I can just get them to lower the price of that great cocktail!
The spouse and I went to PastaBAR after seeing it on Yelp, and we were underwhelmed. For starters, the storefront (or what may one day be the storefront?!) is unfinished and facing an ASU parking lot which led us to believe the place was closed. We parked anyways and walked down a hallway past Sens and some out-of-place looking sports bar. When we finally found the entrance to PastaBAR, we still thought it was closed! There was no one greeting customers at the door, and none of the tables by the entrance was seated. Thank gawd we're nosy.

Everything else about the experience seemed like a work in progress too. The dining room was empty... not a good sign for Thursday night. Our appetizer, fried mozzarella, was cold in the middle and sitting in water, which made it mostly inedible. The main entrees were creative, but way too small despite being close to 20-bucks each. Spouse thought his ravioli tasted bland, though I did enjoy my Fettuccini Tagliatta.

Our server was fantastic; he carefully explained the menu and offered recommendations. But I got a big bone to pick with Ms. Thang behind the bar. Both Spouse and I ordered wine (he's red, I'm white). The wine portions were typical, enough to make my cheeks warm, but certainly not enough to make up for mushy mozzarella. Another couple came in after us, and before they were seated they stopped and said hello to the bartendress. They were in the same sorority or something. I watched her pour their wine glasses, and they were about twice the serving as ours! Stupid wine Nazi.

We'd probably go back to PastaBAR. But not for several months until, ya know, they finish building it.
I finally made it to PastaBAR today with my husband and mother in law.  I am so glad we decided to come here over the Turf.  When someone else is paying, you should ALWAYS choose the more expensive place.  I am so glad that we finally made it here.

Aside from the price being a bit of a deterrent for me, I am really picky and there are lots of things on the menu that don't particularly make me salivate.  That being said, I came here with no objections and an open mind.  Plus, after watching so much Hell's Kitchen, I wanted to know what good, fresh pasta tastes like.  I found out that it actually tastes like heaven.

I chose the gnocchi alla lupa (I think it is called that) which was decadent little pillows of potato dumplings covered in a beautiful sausage ragu.  Wow.  The perfect little potato clouds were practically melt in your mouth.  I am so going to try making these at home now that I know how incredible they can be.  The portion was a perfect size, leaving me very satisfied.  After tasting the pasta here, I understand the price point.  It is perfectly fair considering the excellent quality and workmanship of the delicious pasta.  

My husband and mother in law both got the lunch special.  One of them had the cavatelli with pesto and the other had cavatelli with pomodoro sauce.  Both of these dishes were delicious as well.  I really appreciated the lightness of the pesto sauce.  I didn't feel like I was ingesting a few cloves of garlic per bite.  It was a very season appropriate dish.  We were less than impressed with the salads though.  The odd pairing of ingredients made for a less than appetizing side.  This group is not a fan of celery, which could be the reason why we didn't like the salad.  I wouldn't suggest the lemonade, it was incredibly tart, and almost to the point of not being drinkable.

Overall, I was very pleased with this place.  I will be back again when I am feeling rich.  If PastaBAR ever decides to add a lovely cream sauce to their menu, I will definitely make this a five star restaurant in my book.  Another wonderful restaurant to add to the burgeoning strip of foodie heaven along 1st street.
I was excited about the prospect of PastaBAR - hipster Italian dining in downtown PHX. Unfortunately, I forgot that too often hipster is synonymous with pretentious.

I thought I liked the ambiance of the place, until I found out that supposedly the paintings on the wall are of serial killers.  If that's true, its laughably stupid. The service was OK, not overly helpful as we already to look up several things on the menu since it made no sense to us non-foodies. And I understand that we get overserved in America and portions should normally be smaller, but for what we got versus what it cost, I felt slighted.  And it wasn't that tasty either.

So Meh PastaBAR.  You have promise, but you're executed with an attitude that apparently just isn't for me. Maybe I'll try again if you decide to serve some of those evil carbs in the form of actual bread.
I've been hesitant to try Pasta Bar since they first opened.  We've been to Turf half a dozen times and usually it is the price-point that keeps me from wandering to the back of the complex and trying Pasta Bar.  I finally got my mother to take us out so that I didn't have to pay for it.  

Pasta Bar seems to have the worst location of the three restaurants in the complex.  There is no patio, no windows, and no personality.  It is too bad because Italian places are always begging for style.  A mirror, a few paintings, some duct work, and a nicely-crafted bar sort of make up the entire ambiance of  PB.

The place was dead when we got there.  It was Saturday afternoon and Turf seemed to be pretty busy.  The waitress was helpful and informative when we got in and we looked over the lunch menu.  They had a lunch special where you picked lemonade or tea, got a salad, and a different type of cavatelli.  I had lemonade and the pesto pasta.  

The lemonade was the most sour thing I had ever drank.  In fact, I think it was made of liquefied lemon Warheads.  No amount of sugar was going to make this drinkable.  It was pretty disappointing.  

As far as the breadstick thing goes, they were fine.  I think I would rather them bring out a basket of breadsticks instead of them sitting on the table like a package of chopsticks.  They taste fine.

My pasta really wasn't that great.  The pesto was nice and light, which was a bit surprising.  It tasted good but could have had more garlic.  The pasta, however, was undercooked and rubbery.  I love non-flour pasta and I will almost always order gnocci or cavatelli if they are available and this was simply not that great.  It was fine but could have been better.

The salad was actually worse than the salad that comes with the Fez Burger.  I didn't think such a thing was possible, but Pasta Bar has figured out how to make it.  They apparently take an entire stalk of celery and chop it up and throw it in with 5 pieces of lettuce and an orange tomato.  The celery taste was so overwhelming that I couldn't possible eat more than two bites of it.  That's fine, I don't go to a pasta place for the salad, but I would have been fine with a traditional salad.

In all, the lunch special for $12 is a fine deal.  The pasta is decent.  My mother had the other cavatelli (with the pomodoro sauce).  It was much better than mine.  I can't give this place a bad review but I would probably not go back.  With so many other food options next door or just down the rail/street, it is hard to see myself going back.
I'd give this place 3.5 stars... after reading the other reviews I expected a half of a cup of pasta or something ridiculous but I thought the portion was adequate. And, I was REALLY hungry when I got there. 

We ordered the olives as a starter (they are all green and served warm) and were able to get some bread to accompany the reserve oil. 

Our server voluntarily explained menu items with important details like: it's ricotta gnocchi, not potato and the extra items in the puntanesca sauce (my recipe only has 7). We both had the orecchiette with sausage and greens. I found it to be a bit oily but the pasta was cooked well. 

He described the deserts perfectly and the chocolate bark with almonds was a nice finish with a second glass of nero d'avalo, and, by the way... I though the wine prices were very reasonable! 

Without tip, we spent about $36 a person and we each had two glasses of wine and left satisfied!
I wanted to love PastaBAR, as I love all of it's selling points (downtown, late night, fresh local ingedients, small plates).  But I didn't.

In a word: underwhelming.  The portions are elegant.  The prices would be perfectly fair if the food rocked.  But everything seemed underseasoned, stark and lacked depth of flavor.  There is simple food, which I dig, but this seemed austere.

I will go back and sample other dishes: I need this place!
The caprese appetizer was wonderful, but the entree was barely edible.  Over-salted and there was more fat than beef.  Won't be going back.
Overhyped!!

Yeah,  the Chef and manager are from Scottsdale...so what?
Yeah,  the pasta are all homemade....so what?

If it ain't good...it just ain't good... even if you used fresh hard to find ingredients, if the execution is not there..the dish is...so what?

Harsh I know, but my one pet peeve is when non-locals come to Downtown claiming to make a change in Downtown..and this is what we get?!?

After talking to the head chef (it was a sat night  and there was 1 table at 9pm)  I find his claims in changing the downtown late dining scene to be obsurd..hello have you heard of Carly's, Fate, Sens....

Anyways, about the food....

I ordered the gnocchi with sausage...it was ok , I have had better....the only thing is..I could not find any sausage!  The portions were a bit small for the price.

The pork shoulder was the other item I ordered that night...it was tender but too salty!  Not my thing...

I ordered coffee which they said they could make, only to come back to me and say that they do not have any coffee cups!  what? :)

My friend and I shared those two items, with 1 drink and tip, it came out to $40 bucks...kinda high when you consider the portions and quality..I dont mind paying that kind of price if the food was good....IF it was good.....
Tonight was my first time trying out pasta bar with a couple of church friends (http://www.solidrockexperience.org) and was quite unique in a way.  It's place I would go for a quick luncheon.  I'm a pasta guy, so I know a lot about pasta and how it should be cooked and etc.  I use to work pasta station. (Ha chef I know what craziness of pasta station.  I'm preety sure you got a little taste of it at Babbo)  Pasta should be SIMPLE, period!   And pasta bar showed what simplicity of pasta was.  Good pasta and little sauce. 

As an appetizer I ordered the caprese salad and the flavors I would say was delicious to my pallet.  The intensity of the basil pesto was perfect and buffalo mozzarella melted in your mouth.  The heirloom tomato was a little under ripped but what can you do?  Appetizer = A+

Now the main course, PASTA!  I ordered the fennel pasta (not sure what it is called but lets call it the fennel pasta) and I thought it was a bit strange.  Pasta and fennel?  To tell you the truth this dish was okay.  I thought the flavors didn't really complemented each other and the pasta was a little on the thick side.  But on the other side it was a unique idea.

The chef worked at Babbo in NYC and he should know what he's doing.  I'll be there in couple of years after I get back from Europe.  =)  French Laundry (Napa) and Le Manoir (UK) here I come!!
The call came at 11:30 AM..."We're here at Park Central waiting for you to go to lunch downtown"." I said, lunch is tomorrow not today, but I said, OK, bee there in 10 minutes". 
Friend says's he heard that Pasta Bar was good so let's try that. I said, yeah, there are 3 restaurants there, a Irish Pub (Turf) a Thai restaurant (Sens) and Pasta Bar. I said "Larry likes Thai"...Phil said, "Phil likes Italian" and that was the fateful decision.

I knew I was in trouble when we entered the restaurant and first, there was not a "sense of entry" nor anyone to greet us other than the strong smell of newly painted walls. Bartender said "sit where you like". 

Two of us had the lunch special (about $12) and friend who suggested Pasta Bar ordered from the menu. His pasta was $15. Lunch special came with a drink. I will say, the pasta was very tasty, the salad had very good thought and fresh locally grown produce. Salad and pasta lunch special was served on the same plate which to  me was unappetizing. Lunch came with a very thin slice of bread. Bread was excellent but no butter. Server/bartender was made aware and out came a the smallest portion of butter I have ever been served and to be shared with all three of us. There was enough to cover half a Triscut wafer! Pasta was fresh, but without any meat. 

The atmosphere is dark and we were told that it was to be an Italian diner. What added to the dark side was the art work. Andy Warhol images of Jim Jones, Rasputin, Christopher McVey and other icons of evil. The headache lingered on all day after I paid the bill for $52 for lunch. Hope they improve the portions, the service and the look. I would be hard pressed to come back.
After reading about PastaBAR on yelp- I had to go see for myself what the heck is going on here!

Walked in--- liked the seating situation and the ambiance.  Had the nicest server ever, his name was Nick.  He talked about the menu and answered our questions.  Brought some really great tea and tangy lemonade.  

We ordered the fried mozzarella, they make the cheese there-- it was so good.  But not as good as my entree!  I ordered pappardelle and it was possibly the best pasta I have had at a restaurant ever.  It tasted just like my Nonna's homemade pasta, the perfect texture, cooked the real Italian al dente way and I was in heaven.  It was the special and it sure was special.  The portions were good too.  After reading everyone's reviews about portions, I was scared I was going to have to pick a sandwich up afterwards, but no-sir-ee.  I was happily full and planning my next trip!!!
Four for dinner on a First Friday - this is the third restaurant in a building with three and the only one not on the street - it shows. Sens and Turf had people spilling out of them - Pasta Bar was half full at best - an inadvertent lucky break - they had only one waitperson - who did a creditable job in my opinion. Insalata caprese, braised greens, desert sweet shrimp, pasta carbonara, ricotta cheese gnocchi and a pasta with fennel sausage. I haven't had such good carbonara since I lived in Queens [NYC].  All well worth the price and the waitperson delivered them timely. However, I remain skeptical about their survival - not enough traffic on what should be a blowout night - and wonder if they'll share the fate of Palette.
Came for lunch the other day and with a few changes this place will really shine (like serve bread before the meal, improve the timing of the food ect.). I liked the ambiance and dcor, cozy and classy.  I missed the art because I had my back to that wall, but the colors they chose were great and the bar had a nice set up.

I had the bread salad and pasta lunch special, it came with an iced tea for $12 which I thought was a very reasonable price. The bread salad was amazing, it was fresh and delicious and the pasta (I can't remember what it was called) was a mix of vine ripened tomatoes and pecorino. You could tell at first bite the pasta was home made, and it was served perfect al dente. I thought the portions were perfect (but I don't super size everything I eat :)

My date ordered the Orecchiette con Salsicciaa which was pasta, home-made sausage, greens and pecorino. I'm not sure if they over-salted the water or had too salty of pecorino but the salt was overkill. Not inedible, but close. He ate it all, and told our server afterward who in very good spirit said he would pass it in to the chef. 

I will definitely give this place another shot in the future. The location is great and they are working out the kinks.
The service was awesome, the ambiance was pleasant and I loved the calamari, BEST I have ever had.  It is not fried which is a fantastic start and the sauce was simply divine.  I had Bavette al Cedro which is spaghetti, lemon, Italian butter and parmigiano cheese...delicious.  I loved that I could really taste the lemon.  If you are a fan of pasta I highly recommend PastaBAR but don't expect the typical Olive Garden style pastas.  Different can be really good and frankly I think they do it well!
Trust me... no one wants this place to do well more than me. However, after 4 visits I have to confess that it is a solid 2-stars. I'm confident in my comments... and maybe a little heartbroken.

1. Loved Chef Wade Moises when he was at SASSI in Scottsdale. I'm a fan for god's sake.

2. I'm a big pasta-crazed fool. Seriously love it.  

3. Love dwntwn Phx.

So what could go wrong? 

Service: 
No one to greet you properly at the door. The space is awkward enough as it is.  Staff was always inattentive and often seen hanging out at the bar. When asked why cocktails the "signature cocktails" took so long to prepare, the server responds clumsily "Because I had to read and learn how to make them just now." Yikes.

Back to the greeting... We waited about 2 minutes in the doorway listening to staff sitting at the bar chat about how they hoped they could close early that night. It was only 4:30 pm.

Vibe:
The space feels cold and almost clinical. With the lack of fabric in the space, it feels like I'm the ER of a hospital (minus the curtains that surround each patient bed.) The staff certainly doesn't add warmth. Also reminds me of a corporate staff break room. Art on the walls is just bizarre (read other's comments.)

The Cocktails:
They look good on paper. See my comment above about Service. That's all I can really say. 

The Food:
Each time, the Fritto Misto app ($9) was salty and sad to look at. Orecchiette with Sausage ($15) looks fantastic on paper, but never quite right. 

In fact, I've tried every pasta dish on the menu. I'm simply heartbroken. I crave handmade fresh pasta, but the pasta here just leaves me guessing... I'm I the odd ball out? Why do all these Yelpers love the pasta? It's wimpy and the proteins almost taste boiled (texture and flavor.) Approx quote from a guest, "gummy handmade pasta that looks like bloated playdoh in water." The sauces seem near amateur as if they were never tasted before serving. Usually on the salty side.

Forget about portions, price, space, ambiance, whatever. The important question... DOES IT TASTE GOOD? 

Sadly, no.

At each visit, I brought other notable chefs from the Valley. In one instance, the five of us ordered an entire dinner, ate a few bites of each dish, asked for the bill and decided to head next door to Sens for dinner (which is another review in the making.)

I'll wait till sometime in the fall season before heading back to Pasta Bar. Maybe it needs more time (although it's been open for a few months already.) 

As always, I'd encourage you to try it out and make your own decision. Wade is a talented chef who can do amazing things in the kitchen. I have faith in you my friend!

Side note... for those of you who fixate on butter and bread service at restaurants, do us all a favor and stick to your cheap filler salad bars. Bread and butter service is simply never worth commenting on as a crucial component of a meal unless it's stellar.  (BTW... I realize the irony of making commentary on the worthless comments)
Pasta bar you are killing me!!!!! 

Great concept, poor execution. So much potential, the pasta itself is great, perfectly done and cooked but the sauces coming with it are all bad. They usually put way too much salt and the consistency is always wrong. 

It is such a shame, the pasta it seems wasted with those condiments..... 
Two star and probably one less costumer.
A warning: if your usual eating pattern involves grazing on anything edible for hours on end or you think of a loaf of bread smothered in butter as a "snack" then yes, the portions might appear small. To the rest of us diners with no medical need for stomach stapling, the portions are just fine.

My girlfriend and I came here for a date as she was in love with this place since her first visit a little while ago. I had zero expectations, for it other than it will have Pasta and I am still woefully uneducated on the history of the place itself or the chef. But here is what I got out of the experience:

THE FOOD

Appetizer (special of the day, name not remembered): Three slices of bread salted/spiced/garliced with accompanying three stacks of salami pieces in just the right amount to match the bread bite for bite. Bread was good and so was the salami. To my surprise, salami was not very salty or spicy and if I get to steal 20 lbs of it some day, I will, mark my words. 

Pasta 1. Orecchiette con Salsiccia: As a lifelong, card carrying, member of carnivorous family, I ordered pasta that had some meat in it. The past itself was wonderful, the sauce not overbearing and there was enough meat in there to keep me interested. After the appetizer, this portion alone would've been a good dinner, even though I just came from a workout.

Pasta 2. Chitarra alla Carbonara: This was my girlfriend's choice and through use of socialistic techniques, I got a few bites of it myself. The pasta again was good and the sauce makes me drool right now, as I am typing it up. 

Side 1. Braised Greens: These were ordered more for my girlfriend than me. While I liked their taste overall, they were a bit too spicy for me, but then I am pretty weak when it comes to spicy anything

Side 2. Slow Roasted Lamb: Being carnivorous, I made sure to address my need for meat with a side of... meat. To go with my pasta that already had meat in it. The meat was very soft and tender. It was a bit on the salty side for me, but then again, I regularly forget to salt anything I cook myself, so there's your point of reference. This second side definitely put both of us over our dining capacity and if the meat was not so good, it would not have become part of our carry out box

Desert: Mandarin/Orange and Strawberry Italian ice with cream on top. It was good. I was stuffed already, but I persisted in making sure none of it goes to waste.

Total: $62

Overall I would give the food somewhere between 4 and 4.5 stars as I would've liked it to be a bit cheaper. At the same time, we had a carry out box with a lunch worth of food, so its our damn fault.

Atmosphere:

Waiter: very knowledgeable and explained the menu very well. Did not hover around like in your typical chain-restaurant experience. Together with the barmaid, our waters were refilled just in time.

Setting: I absolutely love the way the place is setup, with widely spaced tables and a large mirror to provide a more spacious feeling. The lighting is just perfect for a comfortable dining experience and being able to see what you are stealing from the other person's plate. The paintings that people apparently find offensive are there and they are square, they might as well be Rorschach inkblot tests. And in the way they are, seeing how they expose the density of some the visitors.

Other diners: The place did not have many people at all at 4 in the afternoon on Sunday and the 4-5 people at the bar next to us were pretty quiet. On the other hand, the two couples (guy/girl and his or her parents) having dinner together would probably be poisoned in a less respectable place. Their jokes weren't funny even from 20 feet away, but hopefully the art offended them enough so that we don't have to suffer their loud snorting again.

OVERALL: I'll be back
Been twice.  Excellent!  I could do without the bread in plastic wrap, but the rest of the food (including the real bread that they bring later) is great.  Calamari (not fried thank god) was exceptional!
Had lunch here a few weeks ago.  My companion had a hard time finding the place; in fact, he would never have found it had I not left the building to go search for him outside!  We liked the ambience; however, I did not particularly care for its narrow aisles.

Friend chose the server's favorite, Orecchiette con salsiccia ("circular, dome-shaped pasta w/ homemade sausage, braised escarole and garlic w/ pecorino cheese"), while I had one of the daily specials, Garganelli, which came with ricotta, seven herbs (basil, opal basil, chives, nepitela, sorrel, parsley, and oregano), and breadcrumbs.  My friend DID NOT care for his choice, citing distaste with the escarole's texture (I tried a bite and agreed with his appraisal).  I also didn't care for the homemade sausage... it wasn't very good, actually.  I really liked my garganelli!  Fantastic, fresh pasta texture, though I found it a little dry, however.  If only there was a little more of the cream sauce... I should've asked for more on the side.

Before we left, we did check out the restrooms, but only one at a time... he went first, while I waited at the table.  He came back with a report that he found the set-up a little strange, so of course, I had to go check it out myself.  I thought it was a bit fun... 

Service was helpful and generous (he offered us free wine tasting!), but I found the prices a little steep, esp. with the small quantities given and no accompanying sides.
My inner-rube is gonna come out here:

$15 for less than a fist-sized portion of pasta is really pushing it. The single baguette slice that came with was insult to injury. I thought pasta was the best food cost to price served ratio you could do in a restaurant. I was chided that the pasta was hand-rolled. Great, that means they touched every piece.

I'll gladly drop dollars for good, even decent food, but this place made me feel real stupid.


EDIT: After reading more of the reviews, I may be convinced that the ingredients and labor create a specialty product that could legitimize a high price. Final call is that smallish people may walk away satisfied, but average-sized guys won't be. Go for your girlfriend then, not the nourishment.
After a couple months of hearing about how great Pasta Bar is, I finally made it down there on a sultry Wednesday night.  Even though it is tucked away in the back of the building it was quite easy to find.   

As is sometimes the case with small little up-and-coming joints, the place was extremely well staffed, I hate waiting up front and not being greeted right away, especially at a new place where i am not exactly sure what the deal is.  

Finally we were sat, and although the place looks great, I did find my seat to be a bit uncomfortable.

Well, once we got settled in, the real joy of PB came to life, the food.  Although we passed on vino, the wine list looked fresh and reasonably priced.  Our appetizer of butternut squash lightly battered and stuffed with cream cheese was unique and amazing - even the greens it was served on had a light, yet tasty vinnegrette which balanced perfectly.

Our Pasta was great as well, My wife's gnocchi had a perfectly balanced red sauce with an amazing fennel finish.  My Orecchiete was loaded with fresh sausage and used the one piece of bread to sop up every last bit of sauce.

The hand rolled pasta was nice and although I would call PB cheap I left fully satisfied.

Our who remained busy throughout did stop to engage us enough to more than redeem the slow start.  Most importantly he seemed genuinely proud of his place and his product.

On a side note when you check this place out, see if you can identify any of the six notorious characters that they have paintings of in the dining room, I though it was a nice touch.

We will definitely be back.
I had dinner with a large group on Tuesday night and was so highly impressed!  I just returned from my honeymoon in Italy a couple of months ago and was impressed by the quality and authenticity of the food here.  The homemade pasta's, gnocci, and sauces were well executed.  The texture of the pasta was as good as any handmade pasta I enjoyed in Italia.  The tomato and Buffalo mozzerella salad was absolutely spectacular.  I don't know where there tomato's come from but they were bursting with juicy flavor, as fresh and ripe as any tomato this native Phoenician has ever enjoyed in the Valley.  The Mozzerella was of the highest quality and the olive oil and fresh herbs were fabulous.  

The entire service staff was awesome and we never had to ask for refills etc...

There have been a few knocks on the portion sizes, and everyone is entitled to their own feelings on this topic.  For me, I prefer quality over quantity any day and I found the portions to be just right.

Give this new joint a chance!  You will not be disappointed!
If you are interested in an authentic Italian pasta experience,  PastaBar is the place for you.  On the other hand, if you want heaping portions of over-sauced generic pasta pasta dishes, there are plenty of other 'Italian' joints in the city that will meet your craving...

The food was authentic Italian; from the properly cooked (hint Americans take al dente WAY too far) and salted pasta, to the locally source ingredients, to the serving potions.  In addition, there were a few other authentic touches that brought back found memories of osteria's throughout Italy, such as serving cokes and water in glass bottles and the bread sticks in a package.

Overall, the service is friendly and efficient, although their attention to detail has been so-so the times I have been.  Also, given the unique niche that this place is trying to fill, a bit more initiative from the wait staff could go a long way you make newcomers feel welcome.

As well, I found the vibe of the place a tad off -- I dig all the design elements (especially the paintings!) and what they are trying to achieve, but when they are pulled together, something feels lacking.  (perhaps it is the building itself, as I feel the same way about Turf and Sens)
I can see why the two most common ratings for PastaBAR are 2 stars or 5 stars. It's very hit-or-miss...some dishes are spectacular and others are just mediocre. We started out with the fritto misto, some fried cheese and a variety of lightly fried vegetables. If only they were as lightly seasoned as they were fried, this would have been a great appetizer, but they were pretty over-salted. When the person brought it out, we asked if it came with any dipping sauce, to which she replied simply, "No." I guess that answered the question, but it would have been nice if she said, "Not normally, but would you like some?" Of our two pastas, one was okay and one was a knockout. The fetuccini dish with pesto, raisins, pine nuts, etc. was pretty bland. On the other hand, the orecchiette dish with sausage and greens was bursting with flavor. One thing I'll say about both dishes is that the pasta itself was perfectly cooked and tasted as homemade and wonderful as you'd expect at a place called PastaBAR...Wade Moises certainly has the Italian cuisine credentials and knows his pasta. And as for those who say the portions are too small, I say your stomachs are too big. It's one thing to note that the dishes are one the high end of the price spectrum, which they are, especially for lunch, but the portions are perfectly satisfactory. This is no Olive Garden - no endless pasta bowls here. We were both busting after our one appetizer and two pastas, and my one pasta alone could have filled me up. Of course, even though we were busting, we decided to try the light, refreshing peach/orange granita for dessert. Our server kindly brought out the cappuccino one, too, explaining, "I brought the cappuccino granita, as well, because I think it's really the star of our granitas." Man, was she right! While the peach/orange granita was refreshing, it was a little too tart and lacked the depth and richness of flavor that the cappuccino one had. So you can see that some dishes hover in mediocrity while others rise to perfection. Order carefully, as it will make or break your meal. I'd give the food 3.5 stars, taking into account both the mediocre and excellent dishes, but PastaBAR gets a 4 overall taking into account the friendly service and casually hip space.
I read quite a few reviews on Yelp prior to checking this place out with a group of 10 or so.  We arrived and the table wasn't ready just yet - we ordered a variety of cocktails, menu driven cocktails, beer and wine. I had an 8th Street Ale - always a good choice.  I had to ask for a cold glass to put it in and when I was served the 2nd one, they didn't include it. I had to ask again.

The food:  Pretty good, actually. However, its totally overpriced and the portions are pretty small. So it makes the hurt on the wallet that much more severe.  Our waitress was cool, she put up with a lot of conversations in our group, sometimes being loud and not paying attention.

I would go back again, but most likely for lunch. Hopefully you would get the same size meal for a few bucks less.  By the way, I had the pasta with rib eye in it (I forget the name) and my wife had the Carbonara.  They were both good!
For some reason the name 'PastaBar' makes me think of a food court at a mall.  But don't let the name deter you from trying this place.  

Lots of comments about portion size here on yelp:  

IF you rate Italian cuisine based on poundage then probably steer clear of pastabar, and head to Buca de Beppo.  

If you rate Italian food based on flavor, then DO come here, and know that you won't have to leave with the top button of your pants undone.

No, it's not cheap, but it's not that expensive, either...I tried some interesting and delicious specials that I would never attempt to cook at home.  Maybe it's about the menu selection.  If I ordered spaghetti and marinara sauce for 15 bucks, yah, I guess I know it costs about 5.00 to make enough for a family of four.  So order something unique and authentic?  

We had great service, a knowledgeable and friendly waiter who also suggested 2 wines that paired well with the meal.
My friend and I wound up here after walking around downtown Phoenix. She said it was relatively new so we tried it out. The atmosphere was nice and the service we got was great! They were very attentive (this could have also been because they were slow).

As for the food, my friend ended up getting a specially made vegetarian pasta. I was pleased that they made sure they could accommodate her. I got the Gnocchi alla Lupa. The flavors were awesome, but I have to agree with other reviews in saying that the portions were way overpriced. The prices for alcohol weren't as hugely marked up however, which was a plus to see.

All in all, this should be considered a date spot for sure. It's intimate, you won't gorge yourself with too much food (unless you want a huge tab) and it's definitely got the downtown Phoenix style about it.
I don't quite get PastaBAR.

This place is 1000% right in my wheelhouse. Passionate about one thing. Focus on getting that completely right. Focus on quality ingredients. I'd heard positive recommendations by many friends and colleagues I respect. I was expecting to love it. How could I not?

I don't know. Maybe my expectations were way out of whack. They had been knocked down a bit that same night by 3 or 4 friends that had been there.  I was in the area and itching to go even though I'd heard multiple comments that it was kind of meh.

Well, we ended up going later in the night.

First of all, I get the space. It's cool. Has character. No problems there.  

Service was great as well. No issues at all.

No problem with the pricing or portions. In fact I thought it was quite reasonable.

I first tried the buffalo mozzarella, basil pesto, heirloom tomatoes. It was nice. I dug it. Would have happily eaten more. No fireworks though. And maybe I'm unfair for expecting them.

Then I tried the two entrees I most wanted. Both had gotten rave reviews in a recent article.  I ordered the chitarra alla carbonara (guanciale/bacon, farm egg, local onion, pecorino) and I tried the orecchiette con salsiccia (home-made sausage, greens, pecorino).

Now over the past couple of years I've really developed an appreciation for people doing simple or standard things really, really well. That was what I was expecting here. 

The food was definitely good but with all the pub that it's gotten, it definitely didn't knock me off my chair.  

And the thing is that I've recently been repeatedly knocked off my chair by other spots doing standard, simple homemade pastas with killer, killer ingredients. Have been hit totally out of left field and couldn't believe how amazing a pappardelle with homemade sausage was. Or a linguine with clams.

I'm guessing that maybe my expectations were out of whack but I left appreciating the meal but saddened that I felt no hurry to rush back.
I really wanted to love this because I am a downtown resident who loves to eat out, but I'm sad to say I won't go here again for dining.  I left feeling that I had just spent $15 on a small bowl of spaghetti-o's, and the packaged, stale breadsticks also left a lot to be desired.

I hope the powers-that-be at PastaBAR will note the negative reviews and re-work the menu, because the location and decor are amazing!
Was at Pasta Bar last night with a friend for the first time.  The service was very good, as we were immediately seated.  The decor is pleasant and modern.  

Overall, my impression is that Pasta Bar was tasty but not cheap. It would be hard to get out of there for less than $20 per person. We had one glass of wine, one "Mexican coke" (I had to ask what it was - it's the old school sugar-cane flavored coke we used to get here in the 70s), and two pasta entrees at $15 each, and the total was $47. No dessert and no appetizer, although they give you these small tasteless bread sticks in a package gratis to snack on while waiting.  The food came out quickly, although they weren't the busiest on a Thursday night.  I had shell pasta that started with an "O" (can't remember the name now, but second from the bottom of the entrees menu) and sausage, and my dining companion had the gnocchi.  Both were tasty, and although I'm generally not a fan of gnocchi, it was really very good here.  

In terms of getting into the restaurant from the parking area in the back, could they make it any harder to find? I found it weird that you had to basically walk through an ASU parking lot to get to the side entrance, and then from there into the restaurant itself. 

Overall, I'd give it 3+ out of 5 stars, but the prices would deter me from going back for some time.
We were at a D-Backs game and my wife suggested we hold off on crappy stadium food and hit the Pasta Bar. Downtown Phoenix isnt exactly known for great places to eat (excluding Bianco) and the entire metro area in Maricopa County isn't known for places that stay open late.

So it was a pleasant surprise to see that the pasta bar stays open until 2am. Its located in the back of a little strip mall and could be a little challenging to find. The dcor is metro-hip and reflects the slowly changing character of downtown Phoenix.

The pasta bar specializes in one thing: homemade Italian pasta served in bowls. Don't go expecting ordinary pasta..These dishes are from the mother country. The ingredients are stellar and you will be glad you came.

I see several people complaining at the price. The pasta bar is not the olive garden..its really a pasta specialty house and you will pay more for the quality of ingredients and all their pastas are home made. My wife had the Orricheite (spelling I know) and I had the pasta with the ribeye steak in it. Both were really good. We also shared some fried mozzarella.

While some found the portions small I found it more than adequate and I'm an eater. I did get a side of the meatballs which were out of this world. If your down in Phoenix and looking for a place that stays open past 9 (just like the big cities) try the pasta bar.
My PastaBAR experience was pretty much on par with current Yelp 3-star rating...once again Yelp is spot on 

I thought service was great.  But the atmosphere was just felt awkward. The combo of extra loud music with odd selection of the occasional heavy metal pieces and the tiny table with extra large app plates just didn't quite do it for me.

Food wise, it was OK.  Bavette Cacio e Pepe was my favorite dish and came closest to what I expect from  handmade pasta with great fresh ingredients.  Fettuccini e Finocchio fell short of mark, the pasta felt too thick and lack a certain chewiness.  Beef meatball didn't have the comfort flavors that I was expecting, the flavor reminded me of bbq sauce with star anise thrown it.   Slow Roasted Lamb was the most disappointing thing to hit the table.  It was like bland pulled pork.

The late night closing time makes this a tempting spot for downtown Phoenix, but not sure that I would go back anytime soon.
BORING, FLAVORLESS, OVERPRICED CRAP; exposed-filament bulbs, paper napkins, sans s/p shakers. Kale- and collard-earthy and squishy garnishes little better than pig fodder.

--sealed brown concrete, minimalist 5x7 postage-stamp art in monochromatic, rhythmically-spaced repetition
--exposed-filament bulbs throughout give that yellowish glow evocative of kidnap cinema;
--gangsta buser keeps glaring at us, slamming our glasses down after refilling them; oh, maybe we won't get out of here alive!
--going to charge me $17 for pasta? buy some GODDAM cloth napkins!
--"table bread" is a plastic package of stale, pencil-thick breadsticks. what would you think if someone brought you two packs of saltines? Yeah, that's what I mean!
--ambient music an unpleasant mix of rural-southern Creole woo-woo ritual chant, washboard-and-spoon percussion and harmonica (I think they recruited that woman from the GTA3 shanty town);
--outside, the manager is explaining to the police amidst an army of tow trucks that these cars really are valet-professionally parked, not by their owners.

--heirloom tomato side dish was the one delicious thing. At $3, the best value on the menu (+1 star)...
--unfortunately the spices were so old there was no flavor left in them.
--no s/p shakers; on request we received two contact-lens cups of s/p for pinching, chef style (i.e. no spoons).

On our way out, some employee was being disciplined on the back steps, presumably about to quit.
I've never been so glad to quit a place as this.
I've been a few more times since my initial review, and they seem to have he service kinks worked out.  In addition, the vibe seems to be 'working' much better.  I've upgraded my review to reflect this.  PastaBAR is now my favorite downtown restaurant!
Heard many good things about this place and went last night for the first time for a dinner I organized with 6 friends.  It will probably be my last time there.  The interior is oddly laid out and somewhat cold, and we were seated at a table between the front door and the bathroom, about 5 feet from each.  Our waiter took our dinner order without writing any of it down.  He immediately repeated the order back to us, getting it wrong.  Then he reappeared 10 minutes later to confirm our orders once again.  Dude, write them down already!  The portions were tasty but very small for the price, and it would have been nice to have more than one tiny piece of dry bread.  Perhaps, even the option of butter?  But the service was my greatest complaint.  Even though the restaurant was only half full, people were wandering around like zombies looking for their waiters who had disappeared completely.  Our waiter kept interrupting our table's single conversation without making any effort to be graceful about it....yes, there is a right way to do it without seeming obtrusive.  And the men's room desperately needed some cleaning and attention.   

Wanted to like PastaBAR very much, but probably won't waste any more time on it.
Wonderfully al dente pasta with authentic Italian sauces. A very European feel all around, including the unisex bathroom.
we went to celebrate one of our friend's birthday at this location because 1) it got great reviews 2) we all loved pasta.

the atmosphere was artsy with maybe east coast flair to it.
it was narrower, like shot-gun style flat but clean and simply done.

we had some mozzarella and tomato as appetizers.
good tomatoes!.. mozzarella had fresh pesto sauce on top which was good, the cheese itself was soft but seemed like it was kosher salt flakes on top of it. it added a nice texture but it made it too salty for my taste buds.

for in betweens, we had some meat balls which was pretty good, something lamb which was very tender like pulled pork, and sauteed calamari without breading which wasn't bad if you like lighter flavored marinara sauce.

for dinner I had this pasta with 12 ingredients from Neapolitan streetwalkers pantry.... yeah, it was the description that got me intrigued. it had some interesting items on there like this olive looking thing with okra liked inside (without the slimes) but flavored like capers.
I think that's the most interesting thing about the dish.
I picked on my food... which generally mean to me that I didn't care extremely about it ( I could eat a cow and a half it was done right to give you some idea).

what else was interesting about this place is that we had asked for some bread and butter with our meal, you know, Italian place.. gotta have some around? I was surprised to hear that they charge for it.. what?? are you kidding me?
I mean the whole meal with 3 apps, 3 sides, 6 entrees, and some cocktails cost as much as really good upscale Italian restaurant in N Scottsdale for party of  7!

over all, if you want some ok food with little twist and  expensive ingredients and pasta shapes that you can't at your local market, and over spend the money you have abundance of, than this is for you!
if you want to have the meal that keeps nagging at you at the back of your head, than I say look else where for this is not the place for you.
I'm jumping on board the "I WANTED to like PastaBAR" boat. 

I've been here 3 times. The first time was good, but pricey. I had whatever was on special that one night only, and it was good. Me & my BF also had the fried buffalo mozzarella with sauce and that....that was delicious. 

The second time I went simple: Pasta with butter and pepper. I don't know how hard that is to mess up, but they managed to do so. I guess if you like to eat pepper straight from the shaker (or grinder, whichever you prefer) you might also like their rendition of pepper & butter noddles. But GEEEEEEEEZ, the pepper was so overwhelming, I couldn't finish and handed it off to my boyfriend, who loves spicy stuff, and even he said it was a bit too much. 

So against my better judgement, I tried it again. I ventured away from the pepper and went towards the lemon & butter pasta combo. All the while I'm thinking there is NO WAY they can mess up lemon, butter, and pasta. Oh, but they created another overwhelming masterpiece! I guess if you enjoy covering you pasta with lemon Pledge, you might enjoy this dish. It was like eating a lemon head. All I could taste was sour lemon with a hint of pasta. 

The mozzarella ball is delicious though. Expect to spend about $60 on 2 pasta dishes, an appetizer, and 2 glasses of wine. It's a bit redic.
ok - i'm just gonna say it: just because it's pasta doesn't mean it has to cater to a ramen noodle budget.  i'm willing to pay a little more when i genuinely enjoy what i'm eating.

these guys have really thought about what's going into your food.  if it isn't grown (or butchered) within az, it's most likely been imported from italy.  and if you're paying attention you can taste the difference - i even got excited about the olive oil.  it looks like a trendy fusion spot, but tastes more like a quiet little place where grandma's rolling out linguine in the kitchen.

now - i admit that i've had exactly one meal there, which doesn't make a sound basis for judgment.  but the dish that i had (orecchiette alla puttanesca) was a wonderful medley of veggies and herbs.  i was particularly in love with the caper berries, which taste like capers but have an entirely different consistency and burst with soft, tasty little seeds when you bite down on them (like a caper mated with a cherry tomato).  it goes wonderfully with a side of pork shoulder, which required no knife and had us fighting over the last bite.  i liked the limoncello cheesecake without absolutely loving it, but it was good enough that i'd try something else from their dessert menu next time.

if future visits convince me that this quality is consistent, a fifth star will be forthcoming.
First, it was a cute little restaurant and our waiter was very helpful with suggestions.  I love that they use fresh ingredients from Arizona.

However, I did not like the food.  We started with the cheese platter.  It wasn't great.  One of the cheeses was creamy, but the other 2 or 3 I didn't like.  I especially didn't like the Parmesan--it was so dry and did not have a good taste to it.  For dinner I ordered the Tagliatta.  It was okay, but again-not great.  I liked my dates fresh sausage a bit more.  But again, not enough to ever want to come back.

Also, I absolutely hated my drink.  The waiter recommended the Camparita.  It looked good, but it tasted so bad.  My date thought it had too much grapefruit juice and was very bitter.  I thought it tasted more like tequila.  Either way, it was so bad that it sat full on my table the entire time.

Which brings me to say--I wish more waiters would notice that you aren't drinking your drink.  I always feel bad sending something back, especially since he recommended it.  I do appreciate when I'm somewhere and the waiter goes out of their way to try to find me something else I might like.  It's just the little things like that which I appreciate.
My husband and I decided to finally check out PastaBar on Saturday night. We wanted to love this place, but in the end left feeling very underwhelmed by the food. The space is really cool with just enough art and pictures on the wall to give it character, but not too much where it's really busy. At 8 pm on a Saturday night half the bar was full and almost all of the tables inside were occupied. Service was incredibly friendly and attentive, so definitely no complaints there. Also pricing is quite reasonable, so it's not a place that is going to break the bank. We had an appetizer, two entrees, dessert, 2 glasses of wine, and a beer, and our bill came to $68 pre-tip.

Now on to the food...we started with the fried buffalo mozzarella. How could a fried ball of fresh mozzarella go bad you are asking?? It was cold! Cold! I like cold mozzarella, don't get me wrong, but when you tell me something is going to be fried, I am expecting gooey hot mozzarella. Needless to say, we were bummed. For entrees, my husband had the Fettuccini Tagliatta and I had the Fettuccini e Finocchio. I liked my dish more than my husband liked his, but neither were home runs in our book. I love pesto and could eat it by the spoonful, but there was something about the pesto on my pasta that just wasn't quite doing it 100% for me. I will say though that the pasta was fresh fresh and cooked well. For dessert we had the dark chocolate with almonds - typically I don't eat dessert and I definitely don't eat chocolate very often, but for some reason it sounded really good on Saturday night. It was a simple dessert and was just enough food to satisfy a sweet craving without leaving you stuffed or feeling gross for indulging in dessert.

None of the food we ate was horrible but it just didn't blow us away and leave us wanting to go back in the near future.
I have been here a couple of times now and the place is growing on me, but not falling in love with the place.  Both times have been after 10pm so I chose from the $10 pasta list which comes with a side.  Very well worth it and don't know if I'd pay full price for during normal hours.  Not that the food isn't amazing in my book, just think that paying over $20 for pasta isn't something I'd do on a normal basis.

Service has been great each time with the servers being very attentive and knowledgeable at the same time.  They seem to really know their wines and food very well.  

I think my only "real" complaint about this place is the ambiance.  It just feels very blah and bland in the restaurant.  I know the lights are dim to relax your mood, but the artwork just looks as if they just moved into the place in the past week and are still deciding where to put them.  Maybe it's just me, but I don't think all things were thought out before and after opening up the place.

This place still has great pasta so don't get wrong whatsoever.  Great addition to downtown Phoenix for a great place to choose late night dining until 12am on weekdays and 2am on the weekend.  I'll be back and would recommend anyone here who likes great housmade pasta with fresh and local ingredients.
Hmmm.

PastaBAR struck me as oddly pretentious, filling its wine list with choices unrecognizable to the average person and batting about completely foreign Italian phrases on the menu. I'm not a total wine moron, yet I needed the server to translate for me. The safe-bet Syrah and Cabs were something ridiculous like $18 a glass. Huh? Luckily, the red I went with was perfectly tasty. 

Vegetarians? You are shit out of luck here. I'm not even certain what a vegan would do. The only really vegetarian items on the menu were two noodles and butter dishes, which sounds as interesting as baby food. The twelve-ingredient streetwalker's pantry dish has anchovies in it, but since its description didn't put me to sleep, I gave it a shot, dead fish and all. The mix of textures with the pasta, sauce, and toasted bread crumbs was good, but the overall flavor simply didn't wow me. And, perhaps I am mistaken, but there were little sweet bits of mystery substance in there also... raisins? That's just Trying Too Hard. My SO got the butter and pepper noodles, which did indeed taste like an entire container of black pepper was dumped in the sauce. Spicy, but really one-dimensional.  He liked it very much, but he tends to choose pure heat over complexity in flavors.

The restaurant itself is cute but nothing extraordinary. The server was helpful, but slightly on the used-car-salesman side. Bread and butter, like someone else mentioned, does cost extra. WTF is that? The bread was good, but nothing special. Somehow, I kind of resent the idea of pasta dishes without pricey shrimp or fancy meats being expensive. It's frigging PASTA. I don't care if you make it in house. I just feel ripped off.
Went here for lunch on a weekday and thought it'd be busier. The slower setting allowed for more personal attention though. The chef even came out to talk to us and gave us free samples of some of the desserts. The food was good, but didn't blow me away. I think it's a nice option for a snazzier (it's a little pricey) lunch with friends.
Love this place. The Olive Garden set aren't going to find anything on the menu, but everyone else should enjoy.

The concept is a little different, as you order a pasta dish as an entree, and meats and other proteins are sides to share. All of the pastas and sauces are made on site, with plenty of fresh, local ingredients. 

One big reason to love this place is the late hours. I'll go back at any time of the day or night.
Hmmmm, interesting. Such a wide variety of reviews here on Yelp! Honestly, I hadn't looked at the reviews for a while when we finally decided to try out this place. I had been avoiding it, mainly b/c seeing $15 for entrees then $8 for sides was nothing that I wanted jump into right away. 

Regardless, on our way to Actors Theater we figured that we'd do a nice dinner. 

If you're looking for the standard run-of-the-mill class fare, stay away. In fact you're better off going to pizza hut across the street. If you want to push the edge of your comfort zone, you've found the right spot. 

Case in point, I went with the evening's special, which was not pasta, but rather long green beans doing their best impression of pasta - creative? Risky? Wacky? Yes, yes, yes! Delicious- absolutely. Especially the prosciutto based sauce.  The wife had the Orrechiette con salsiccia - very flavorful and fun. (in fact, picking at it this am it was even tastier). 

I also recommend the plate of fresh vegetables for an app. It seems to rotate, but last night's was solid - kale, butternut squash and fingerling potatoes all rocked. 

The downside was my meal was a little saltier than I'd prefer and the red sauce for the side of meatballs was a tinge "bar-b-que"-esque. Not bad, just not expected. The meatballs themselves were solid. 

Yes, the wine list is Italian focused, so buck up and take a risk away from your suburban merlot (see Paul giammatti in sideways in fact) and live a little! In fact, I see similarities with the list from Cibo and no one is complaining about their's. 

Go, have fun, take a risk!
Stumbled upon this place while running around 1st Friday in downtown Phoenix.....The positive first before the negatives, cool ambiance, that is why it is getting 2 stars.  Now the negative.....paid 15$ for some of the worst gnocchi I have ever had, incredibly mushy with no texture or substance at all....portions were tiny they do not offer you bread?  An Italian restaurant that will not give you bread....we asked our snooty waitress if we could have some bread before our meal and she said they do not have bread to give us....10 minutes later our meals come out and low and behold guess what is in the pasta bowl.....bread!, lol. Maybe I caught this place on a bad night but to me it is once again another restaurant here in the valley that puts on a good show and trendy atmosphere but does not have any substance behind it.
One word: Yum. 

My co-workers and I took a breather from a crazy day at work and decided to enjoy a relaxing lunch at PastaBAR. All three of us got different pastas, and we each tasted each other's dishes ... all three were spectacular. I can't wait to go back again!

I enjoyed the Gnocchi alla Lupa...sweet and spicy fennel sausage ragu ... The gnocchi was incredibly fluffy and airy - unlike any gnocchi I've had before. 

My co-workers had Orecchiette con Salsiccia... home-made sausage, greens, Pecorino ... (very good) and Chitarra alla Amatriciana...guanciale, onion, parsley, hot pepper, tomato ... (extra yum! I will likely get this for myself on my next visit). 

The place was rather empty for lunch today, which I hope is an anomaly. 

It's a little on the pricey side for lunch, but worth the splurge when you're in the mood for something warm and delicious with a homey touch.
Lured down the slightly  hidden path next to a typical Irish dining place by the promise posed by a photo rendering the logo of Cinzano, I was certain that I would be able to have a romantic meal with origins from the mama-mia land.  I was not disappointed by anything but the missing actual bottle of Cinzano!  

The service is quite personal and yet uncumbersome.  The space is plainly lit and is no bigger than a small chapel on Capri, yet it is intimate and warm.  

What I loved most is that the rumour being spread by a bartender over at Amsterdams about the freshness of the food, turned out to be true and a welcome aroma to hungry souls.

The gnocci, the carbonara, the soup.  You cannot make an error ordering from their carefully chosen menu items.  But you might be amazed that freshness tastes much different than what you have become used to at the many chain Italian restaurants you somehow keep patronizing.

Chow 4 anytime.  Ciao for now.
It may have been all the beer and the late night but the food here was oh so what I needed.   After an evening of bar hopping I hopped into a bar close to home (Turf)  around midnight, ordered a beer and wanting some food.   Come to find out a few sips into my beer that the kitchen was closed but was told that Pasta Bar served until 2 am.  Ohhhh niiiiiceeee!  A slightly tipsy me wandered over to Pasta Bar to order something quickly to-go, go back and finish my beer while my order was being prepared and return to pick up my order.   [My plan was executed with precision even in my inebriated state.] 
I entered the Pasta Bar and was amazed to find that the full menu was available but that they also had a reverse happy hour menu for $10.  I chose the pasta with pesto and a meat ball.  The pesto was very flavorful perfectly prepared and balanced with no ingredient overpowering another, tosses with fresh sweet cherub cherry tomatoes.  The meatball while good, had a flavor reminding me of a peppered beef stick/jerkey.  I will try the sausage next time.  

All in all I recommend stopping in, especially when they are one of very few in the area serving food until 2am.   Next time I will try it at a more "reasonable" hour and order off the regular menu.  I honestly look forward to going again soon.
While I've read more than a few negative reviews of this place, I can't find fault with it.  I've dined here a number of times now, and tried most of the pastas and at least half the sides.  The wine list is interesting and reasonably-priced.  The bar is small but well-stocked, and they're making some really inventive cocktails.  The service I've received was prompt, courteous, and very friendly; no sales pitches, just helpful answers.  The pasta is GREAT, handmade, delicious, and well-executed!!  The flavors marry well, the textures add depth (especially in the Puttanesca, with pinenuts and sultanas), and the portions were perfect.  I'm in the industry, as we say, and I'm a BIG eater.  I can only say that if you're displeased with PastaBar's portions or prices, you must eat a lot of ramen noodles at home.  Like by the case.  'Cuz you sure didn't get handmade, passionately-thought-out fare like this at a better price here in the Valley.  The food's excellent, the service is excellent, and they serve late enough for me to go after work.  I LOVE PastaBAr!!
Went there with a big group for the late night specials.  It could have been the alcohol-induced carb cravings... but the pasta was really delicious.  The martinis were potent to say the least, but hey, better that then watered down.  The waiter was really nice and our food came out quickly.  All in all it was a really great experience.
PRELUDE: i visited this restaurant with my friend who is 100% italian plus cooks like a pro, and her boyfriend. although i consider myself a good judge of italian food, i'm not actually italian, so i figure regardless of what i think i can fully trust her critiques on italian cuisine. and if all 3 of us have the same opinions...then we must be onto something.

i'm going to be generous and give pastaBAR 2 stars...strictly for the cozy ambiance, the cool art on the walls, and the nice waitress, who got her 20% tip only because she was decent. if we were rating food alone i would give it 1 star.

first off, there were no seasonings on the table - no salt & pepper, no crushed red pepper, no olive oil...and instead of bread which i adore, they give you individually packaged packets of hard, crunchy, thin italian breadsticks (not satisfying, but at least they were a legitimate product of italy) and nothing to dip them in to help out the flavor. (plus $2 for a small side of fresh parmesan cheese - really?!)

APPETIZER: the 'fried buffalo mozzarella and marinara crudo' appetizer we got took a while, but was pretty good - though it was a bit soggier than we would have liked. the menu failed to mention the marinara sauce was actually a marinara cream sauce (which is weird because the word 'crudo' means raw so you'd think it was straight marinara) but it's okay, i like creamy sauces, so i was happy with it. maybe the description should be more specific though because its slightly misleading.

ENTREES: we asked the waitress for suggestions, and she raved about the 'orecchiette alla puttanesca' as being her go-to favorite which is described as "12 ingredients  from the neapolitan streetwalker's pantry" (which my friend ordered) and the 'fettuccini tagliatta' which she said was the most popular dish is described as "charred rib-eye, arugula, cherry tomatoes, roasted garlic, parmigiano" (which the remaining 2 of us ordered).

the orecchiette, which came with a variety of appealing ingredients including anchovies, breadcrumbs, raisins, pine nuts, etc, sounded like it would be an automatic win with so many flavors. my entire table agreed that it was absolutely FLAVORLESS and boring! a huge disappointment based on the description. when my friend ordered and asked the waitress if it came with cheese, she said no, because traditionally italians did not combine fish and cheese in their meals - but when we got it, there was parmesan cheese ontop. hmmmm. might want to study up on that. also, the olives came UNPITTED and the capers came with STEMS still attached, so with every bite, you had to be very careful that you werent going to either crack a tooth on a pit or choke on a stem. not very fun to eat if you have to be careful while you're eating - you want to inhale it, not walk on eggshells WHILE youre eating.

the whole table agreed that the tagliatta (ribeye pasta) was also a disappointment, mostly because of the steak. while the menu/waitress described a deliciously seared rib eye tossed around in a creamy sauce with pasta, the steak reminded me more of meat that comes in a beef stew. it was gray in color, not seared, flavorless, gritty, and it was trimmed very poorly - every single bite of steak on both of our plates had tough grissle that couldnt be broken down on it and had to be spit out. the cream sauce was anything BUT - it looked and tasted more like the starchy water that is left behind after draining pasta. again, i say, flavorless. the tomatoes tasted good but i wondered if they were really canned. i was afraid the arugula might be too soggy, but it actually had a nice texture, though ive never heard of putting arugula in pasta before. 

on a side note, NONE of the meals on this menu included chicken - is that strange? we thought so.

we all agreed that saving our leftovers was pointless - while we were full, we didnt exactly want to waste any more room and calories on a meal we didnt LOVE so we decided to skip out on dessert for fear of what that experience might hold and we decided to walk to the hyatt compass room for some quality dessert that would definitely be worth the money.

PRICING: for the portions and quality of the fare, the prices seemed to be a too high. i'll put it to you this way - we did the math - we could have eaten at the top of the hyatt in the renowned compass room (with the 360 degree revolving tower that overlooks phoenix and an even nicer ambiance) for only about $15 more per person and had an AMAZING steak or seafood dinner. that's what we should have done, but the dessert at the hyatt made up for our lousy pastaBAR dinner.

all 3 of us decided we wouldnt be going back there again - at least not anytime in the near AND far future.
I like this little pasta bar.  Good food, chill atmosphere, and great service.  This place doesn't knock my socks off, but I enjoy it.  Great spot for a date, or casual dinner.
I'll second Abu J's critique on this diamond in the rough!  YUMMY! After reading his review I had to rush off and try this place out. It is the real deal... inexpensive, tasty, open late, wow. They have just released their first ad so you had better get in before everyone finds out and it becomes too popular.  I Can't wait to get back and try more of their dishes. ;)

Sean

Just noticed that I had not posted this review properly and so there it sat in my outbox. Oop's...

Well, I have since dined at the Pasta Bar 6 or 7 more times to only be more and more satisfied with their product. Still 5 stars!

Sean
Worst Pasta I have ever eaten. I'm not even kidding. 

We ordered the Fried Buffalo Mozzarella, Pork Shoulder & Calamari to start .. all of it aside from the Pork was blah and unimpressive, the Pork was tasty, but the flavor was REALLY strong and I couldn't eat much of it before wanting to vomit.

For our entrees we got the Orecchiette alla Puttanesca($15)... which apparently has 12 random ingredients from some streetwalkers pantry and last time I checked, a streetwalker is a hooker, so, I mean, if you're cool with eating shit from a hookers pantry, order this, its not good. 

We also got the Fettuccini Tagliatta($19)... rib-eye was a little tough, noodles tasted funky and me and my palate were overall just very disinterested in eating more than 2 bites. Also, id like to add that both entrees were not hot, like they had been sitting there for a while. This irritates me to no end.

Not only was the meal sub-par, but its was freakin' expensive! Honestly id rather bust open a package of Safeway brand angel hair and Prego from a can - it tastes better anyway.

Sorry PastaBar, never again.
Good quality food,,, everything is organic.... the menu is a bit complicated but the atmosphere is nice
Walked in about 7:45 on First Friday and were seated right away.  We managed to squeak right in between the post work crowd and the later diners, but the place was 90% full.

Service was fast and friendly, the waiter took his time making sure we understood the menu and explaining everything to us.

I had the Bavette al Cedro and my friend tried the Gnocchi alla Lupa, and we shared the lamb side.  Honestly, the pasta alone was good enough that I could have passed on the side, but I'm so glad I didn't.  Not sure how they prepare the lamb beyond the slow roasting, but it was tender and very moist.  I think I detected among the garlic and sea salt a nice touch of saffron.

My pasta was cooked just right, at first bite I was taken aback by how lemony it was, but quickly realized that the flavors were just perfect.  They balanced out in all the areas of taste.  I tried my friends gnocchi as well, and it was also just right. 

The serving sizes were just perfect, not overwhelming, but not skimpy either. I walked away glad I didn't eat more and able to pass on dessert.

We each had a Four Peaks, I had the 8th Street and he the Kiltlifter, and my only complaint there was that they were bottled and not draft. 

The whole meal was surprisingly quick, and the service was spot on.  I would love to go back and try a few more items off of their menu.
Finally got the chance to check out PastaBAR last night and man am I glad I did. I decided to get takeout. I started with this crostini dish that had farm fresh eggs, braised greens, anchovie and pecorino that was TOTALLY AWESOME!!  For my meal, I decided on the Chitarra alla Carbonara. The pasta was cooked to perfection, but the guanciale was somewhat done an injustice. It wasn't as crispy as it should have been so it could have been anything, but my plate was still awesome. If your looking for a nice place to get a great plate of pasta, this is for you!  *** They are having a huge pig roast with with $20 bottles of wine and some other stuff on 4th of July weekend, if your interested***
A pasta place for meat lovers and truly a fantastic dining experience.  The food was original and perfectly executed, nice environment (not too big, not too small) and great service.  Cant wait to go back.
Really like this restaurant. I've only been once, so I can't tell if its because I loved the feel of it or for the food. The pasta was homemade and I remember it feeling a little heavy and chewey, but overall a nice date night spot. Great service.
This place is a joke. 

They are completely inept to handle any group larger than 4 people.   Unable to accommodate our  large group, they offered the option of family style.  Sounds like a good idea right?  Wrong. They brought out what I assume to be their regular sized portions for everyone to share.  Family style implies that it feeds more than one person.  They don't need to be Bucca (Disgusting BTW) sized, but geesh.  

On top of all that they don't even serve fountain drinks.  The only serve "natural" products.  Get over yourself. 

I'd rather go buy a frozen Stoffer's and bake it and serve 2 liters than ever go to this disaster of a place again.
I would have given the Pasta Bar 4 stars but for reasons I will explain I will only give it 3.  

The food was wonderful the pasta was cooked perfectly, with great texture and amazing flavors, the vegetables where fresh and the meat was very tender.  The service was above average was well.  

The reason for the 3 stars was the pricing of the food.   For what we received the price is heavily inflated.  If the prices where better I am sure it would become a regular place for my husband and I.  But we will be going back for the wonderful food and service just not as often as I would like.
Delicious food, amazing martini's, and wonderful desserts. Every dish I have eaten here has been nothing short of awesome. First, to start they have house infused seasonal vodkas. You can see the vodkas steeping on the bar when you walk in. Appetizers are not overly filling - The frito misto is always seasonal so depending on the time of year you will get different things. The coating is perfect and light so you can really taste the vegetables but still get the crunch. The same is true with the mozzarella. The cheese was fresh and the crunchy crust of fried coating around it was perfect. 

As far as entrees go, the portions are perfectly sized and flavorful. The pasta is perfectly cooked and coated with whatever you choose on the menu. I love the simplicity of some and the complexity of others. Finally, desert has always been good. Try the limoncello cheesecake or any flavor of gelato and you certainly won't be disappointed.
What happened to this place? Couple months ago the service and food was amazing! Went there last night....horrible. waited 45 minutes to get the appetizer. Then the food came out and it was the worst. Food had no taste and the noodles were so soggy! We also ordered the sausage Patty came out cold and raw in the middle. I will never be back. Its sad cause it was so good the first time. 60 bucks for the worst food and service ever!
Here now.  Seventh time. Food and service consistently good.  Great Break from gallons of sauce and cheese. Cocktails are stronger than you think.  Out.
PastaBar is perfect for foodies out there such as myself. The parking can be an issue as it usually is when you are in downtown Phoenix which can probably be the only bad thing they have going for them. Pasta made fresh in house daily makes a world of a difference when it comes to great Italian food. The menu is small but covers a variety of flavors whilst including many local ingredients. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the food and gave honest recommendations. Even though we ate during the week closer to their closing time there was no rush to our whole experience and we were able to really taste each item and fully enjoy the meal. I suppose one other downside was that each table is set with prepackaged grissini breadsticks which could be really tasty if they were able to be made fresh just like their signature pasta. Food should not only be a necessity but treated as an adventure of the palate to tickle your tastebuds and create a lust to discover new and exciting flavors. We found some of those flavors here and will definitely be back to discover more of the menu.
Our food was amazing. One of the best meals I've ever had.  And our server Cisco was acceptional.  He was very knowledgable and attentive. He actually picked my meal for me and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I was also delighted to see Mexican Cokes on the menu as I can not resist these.
Stopped in the other night after hearing that they now have a small Gelateria. The hostess was also the one who served up the gelato. They had about 8 different flavors. I decided on a small scoop of chocolate but asked to have a smig each of the cinnamon and espresso gelato on top as well. She obliged. They were all quality in their taste. The texture itself was rather icy for gelato...like it had been frozen and thawed and re frozen . Maybe they just need to work on their freezers. 

At $3 for small and $5 for large I can say it was a nice treat on a warm night.
It's said that sometimes the best things in life are found when you're not looking for them, that is certainly true in the case of PastaBAR for me. 
Late Saturday night after a few too many @ the Rose and Crown my brother and i attempted the brave the wait across the street for some pizzeria bianco, when we saw the closed sign we assumed this to be to our misfortune, little did we know what the universe had lying in wait for us. We rode back to his apt, in silence, famished and brooding we had no idea where to find some late night eats. Then, there it was, PastaBAR's marquee, like a beacon in the night we steered towards it's illumination like moths to flame. The sign on the door read: "open till 2am" we couldnt believe our eyes!
Pushing those giant double doors open, we strolled inside, past an enthusiastic crowd gathered at the bar, our waitress ushered us to a lavish corner booth, whose padded seats were plush and amongst the most comfortable i've experienced in a restaurant setting. In a word the whole ambience of PastaBAR on a late saturday night was: Inviting. In no way did it seem an inconvenience to have come in so late, which i was truly afraid of. Our server saw us pondering over the menu and rescued us from our confusion. She explained the entire menu in very clear and concise terms, and with her help we quickly deduced what the best items suited for our tastes would be; my brother chose the gnocchi and I the orecchiette, along w/ some cold Peroni's to wash it all down. We sat nibbling on the thin italian bread sticks awaiting our dishes, and marveled at how much we adored this restaurant: their hours, their interior, their charming/beautiful/helpful servers, everything was shaping PastaBAR in our minds as the prime example of CenPho's burgeoning restaurant scene. 'Why aren't there more places like this!?' we thought.
Finally our pasta bowls came out; two giant white porcelain troughs of fresh homemade pasta cooked w/ love and obvious skill. We sank our teeth into the pasta, devouring it greedily, and not once having envy toward the other's order, im fairly confident there was not once any offer to share amongst one another. The orecchiette was simply amazing, and my brother said the same of his gnocchi.
When we got our check we were both more than happy to shell out whatever may have been the balance on the bill, i only hope i'd tipped our server enough!
PastaBAR is without a doubt amongst my top three favorite restaurants in all of PHX and i will be sure to make my smiling face familiar amongst its long list of patrons. 
I would truly encourage any and everyone to try it out!
I finally made it to PastaBAR and boy am I glad I did! A-freakin-mazing. The menu seemed to be in Italian (or so I remember) and we had to have a mini lesson on the types of pasta they make in house. 
The portions seemed a bit small for the price, but I don't even care. It was toe-curling good. I got the cheapest thing that was on the menu, don't remember what it was called because I don't speak Italian. When I was done I threw my head back and honest to god felt like I needed a cigarette. 
Then came the gelato! Sweet jesus could this night get any better!? Fresh, delicious, refreshing, palate pleasing gelato.
A wee bit pricey but so worth it. I can't wait to go back.
Good pasta, courteous staff.   Pretty empty the night we went, lacking ambiance.
I rolled the magic hand back and forth, back and forth over the stars a few times before I went to four stars!  Somethings should be easy, reviewing the PastaBAR is not.  

This is a restaurant my husband and I have been going to almost as long as it has been open, a fateful day when we missed Matt's closing time and as I looked across the street saw the large sign beckoning us in at 2:00 on a Sunday.  So many things have changed since that day.


There are times in my life when I try to do better and that means no dessert or no alcohol and those are the days that we just plain don't go to the PastaBAR as the temptations kill me!

My favorite beverage is an Old Fashion but it is not a drink I order out because for some reason despite everything bartenders say, they just can't get it right.  One of the first things that sold me at the PastaBAR was the New Jack Fashion.  It is no longer on the drink menu, but they still make it and it does not disappoint.  Gentleman Jack with Amerena cherries and blood orange bitters ;1 is never enough and 2 really makes you want 3, but I have not ventured down that path.  As it is going to the PastaBAR requires a driver for me!  In general their drink menu is a fun event and I like the fact that they only serve cane sugar beverages.

My other favorite there was the chocolate bark, but they have taken it away as in not on the menu AND not available.  Perhaps with the gelato bar it became too much, or maybe others didn't understand it the way I did and it didn't sell, but it was HEAVEN!!  Really it changed my whole understanding of chocolate.  At first it had shaved almonds and then it changed to whole nuts, but it was the perfect combination of sweet and salt that made it come together.  In fact I am now constantly seeking out salted chocolate just to get that same happy sugar high and I have noticed in several recent dining outings I am not alone (FnB, JAX, Wildflower).

Then there is the other stuff they make...pasta.  Well it's darn near perfect.  Every dish I have ever had the pasta is perfectly cooked and they often have gifted specials that I remember months after.  In the world of apps they also introduced me to the savoriness of having egg on salad (runny poached type egg) and their heirloom tomatoes are always spot on.  Other apps are good, but I don't love as much as the salad.

The owner adheres to rules that my husband has always preached to me like no cheese with fish and I see where that occasionally causes reviewers agitation, but the menu does work with you if you approach it the right way.  For instance I wanted the incredible Dessert Shrimp (I have no idea why they are called that, but they are phenomenal with their garlic, basil, pepper kick) on the fettuccine typically made with Rib Eye and I was told no, but that I could get the fettuccine dish without the rib eye and the shrimp on the side to create my own heaven.

I know many people find the PastaBAR overpriced, but I believe the ingredients are very high quality and that is the reason for the cost.  You get what you pay for.  

Service is hit or miss which when someone tries something new and gets the wrong server could be a huge problem.  It also can really hurt even for non-first timers as is evidenced by my sister who flat out will not return here.  In particular they seem to struggle with larger groups.  It is almost like the service staff isn't used to dealing with larger tables and larger may mean 6.  The service issues are not good, but thankfully everything else is.
Quite good.  A bit pricey and it was dead when I was there.  That's never a good sign.  The only real complaint is that all the food seems to have meat in it.  Can't you make a couple vegetarian dishes?
Over-priced small portions served in a long dark minimalist room (looks like they ran out of money before they even thought about decorating), located in a warren of small buildings on a deserted city lot.  Been there twice and maybe it was off hours but place was almost empty and service was barely serviceable. Original chef recently jumped ship. If you're smart, you won't even board. Abysmal.
The food was good, but the menu was difficult to break down. The waitress was always around but not extremely helpful. The place was pretty dead on a Friday night (which was good for us). There are a lot of wines but very, very few liquors to choose from (don't order a martini). The food was okay. Overall, this place was good enough, but we probably won't go back. Check out Aiello's or Tessoro.
We came here on a Friday night. My husband ordered a dirty martini and it was so dirty, it came out looking like a glass of olive juice with some grenadine in it - it was actually red - WTH? It was the first time in his life he had sent something back. The waitress was cool about it though. She had to be, she has eyeballs too. We ordered the mozzarella and heirloom tomato appetizer. It was ok, nothing special. I have a pet peeve though - if you say heirloom, I expect heirloom and heirloom tomatoes, they were not. If they are not in season, that's fine, but tell people when they order. Then, we had the cannelloni special with sausage sauce. Again, nothing special. Here's the kicker - they charge for bread (not special bread, just plain ol' bread) and for parmesan cheese to put on top of your pasta!!! In fairness, they do give you one piece of bread with your pasta, but if you want any more, you are paying $3. Let's be serious - the name of the restaurant is Pasta Bar and you charge for grated cheese?? That's like going to a sushi restaurant and paying for soy sauce or a burger place and paying for ketchup. The cheese actually on the menu as a side. Are you kidding me? We're not talking special grated cheese. It looked like the stuff from a green shaker bottle. I wanted to add some salt to our appetizer, but there was none on the table. I didn't ask for any because I was afraid they'd charge for that too. I'm actually surprised they didn't have it on the menu as a side. We won't be going back.
I went here Saturday night with a party of 4.  It is a pretty neat place in a neat area.  I felt pretty hip and urban being there.  Anyway, I NEVER eat pasta because I "try" to stay away from those carbs, so even coming here was a giant step for me.  I wasn't expecting the pasta here to be anything great but boy was I wrong.  Each one that I tried was excellent.  The ingredients tasted fresh and delicious and each was very flavorful.  I don't remember exactly which ones I tried (I tried 4 of them), but each one was excellent.  They probably don't make a bad pasta dish.

Some of the dishes have some odd/random ingredients, but don't let that scare you.  Order each dish as it is listed on the menu and you won't be disappointed. 

When I feel like I have to get carbed up for a big race I will return!

I'm still a little pissed that they didn't have diet coke or any diet soda at all for that matter.  Who doesn't have diet soda?  I get that they are trying to be green, local, natural, organic or whatever else is hip right now but come on.  I know I should probably stick to water anyway, but I always enjoy a diet coke with any good meal.  I'm not sure why, but I just love it and it makes my meal a lot more enjoyable.  Weird, I know.
love this little place!  been here twice now and am a total fan...we had the special for the night, butternut squash ravioli's which were delicious.  the atmosphere was a little quieter, but it was a sunday so no complaints because it was great for dinner conversation.  Can't wait to go back!!  :)
When I heard people talk this place up I'm like dude pasta is pasta, what is the big deal? Then I got there and checked the menu out, I thought it was creative but kind of limited. The bread sticks in that silly wraper thing annoyed me. Then the food came out.... Holy monkies Batman! I don't quite know what they're putting in this pasta but it is divine! No joke. Each time I've gone back and tried something new I've never been disappointed. If you want seriously delicious and unique pasta. Get ur toshie to pasta bar... Oh and the olive appetitzer?!?! I didn't know olives could taste like that. I'm a huge fan!!!!
Oh PastaBAR - how I do love thee!

I had a marvelous pre-theatre dinner at PastaBAR last Saturday evening, and I wish I could beam myself there right now and relive the meal.

We started with drinks. Go for their daily infusions. I had strawberry, and it was delicious. 

Next, we shared their version of a caprese salad: Buffalo Mozzarella, basil pesto, heirloom tomatoes, anchovies. The mozzarella melts in your mouth!

For my entree, I had the Chitarra alla Amatriciana...guanciale, onion, parsley, hot pepper, tomato ... Yum! 

If you're in the downtown Phoenix area, please take advantage of this local gem!
This place will always be special to me. I took my now-fiancee here on our first real date. About a year later, we came back for dinner, and I proposed at the jellyfish park nearby. That probably doesn't mean a lot to you, but the food and atmosphere are great too. The menu changes a lot, but I've never had anything I didn't enjoy!
Last time we went here was about a year ago when I had to declare that I had soured on one of our once-favorite places.  We have been here a bunch of times and loved it, but that last time we went, it just seemed like they were buying into their own hype just a little too much....the servers were kind of snotty, the whole experience was eh.  I heard 2 separate servers telling customers "the chef doesn't do substitutions."  Come on people.  It's pasta, good pasta, but it's not a untouchable masterpiece, you know?  Give the people what they like and they'll come back- take an attitude with them, and people like us say see ya later, there are a lot of great restaurants DT.

Anyway, no trace of attitude this time, just good service and excellent food.  The buffalo mozzarella was soft and delicious, along with the local tomatoes.  And no anchovies...I was allowed to customize!  The bavette cacio e pepe (with hot peppers added) was amazing, as usual, along with the braised greens.  Sweet pea loved his gnocchi and meatballs, and ate every last bit.  All in all, we're happy to be back together with Pastabar, and look forward to coming in again very soon.
... as always, 5 stars if the place would stand up anywhere. It would. 

Firstly, I'm overjoyed it survived these past few years. Secondly, on a regular Saturday night 8:30-ish, it was 40% full - and in-line with it's 2 street-facing co-tenants. That's hopefully enough to ensure survival. These 3 delightful restaurant/bars have carved out a wonderful second life for the industrial building they're housed in and provide a luxury of urbanity to this burg. 

We had to scoot in for a quick small supper before going to a comedy show a friend was in. Small check quickly and un-resentfully served - thank you gracious server! 

There was a single man drinking a coke and eating a bowl of pasta at the bar while diligently reading his book. It was clear he felt abundantly welcomed. That tableau epitomizes the civilized urbane establishment this place is. 

The pasta carbonara remains true after two years to the unremittingly high standard set for me by a Queens neighborhood Italian joint decades ago - and Pasta Bar remains the only other place I've ever ordered it more than once. For that, and so much more, I'm eternally grateful.
Our friends M & M wanted to try the Pasta Bar, so we did...

Oh the restaurant it self is fine, long and narrow. The music ick, the service friendly, the food double ick.

Yes I think the food is much too expensive for what you get, but when you get ick half the price would still be too much.

I of course said I enjoyed so M & M would not think me a crabby old man, but man they sure can pick some crappy places to eat.
So Jesse didn't wanna go to DES for lunch today, which meant no catching up with my old friend tuna-peo sandwich.  With much resentment, I offered recourse: "Pita Jungle's open I think."

Off we went, only to get there and see a line coming straight out the door and down the street.  Nope.  I'm not playing this game.  Not today.  After farting around for a few blocks we found ourselves parked in front of PASTA Bar.  Walking down the hall between some "irish pub" and "Sens," we came to a Vespa, parked right outside our intended eatery.  Wow, I thought, this place is 2 legit.

We walked in to a completely empty dining room (noon) and a woman behind a very nice bar, tidying up.  That's what I'm talkin bout, says I.  Plenty of room to stretch out.  Along the walls were various maps of different regions of Italia (assumption), as well as paintings and avant photos of bicycles.  On the back wall there is a HUGE mirror, which I at first mistook for another room.  Upon grasping the reality of the sitch I became immediately terrified that we had walked into Poltergeist III, and I was about to get sucked into a world of shit.  After five minutes of nothing happening, I began breathing easier and struck up the convo with Jesse.

We both ordered from the lunch menu; Jesse had the rigatoni, while I chose the sopresatta Panini.  Both were scrumptious.  The portions weren't the biggest, in fact I was worried my gullet wouldn't be properly sated, but said worrying was for naught.  It was just big enough to soothe the rage over loss of tuna-peo.  And the Panini even came garnished with a small roasted red pepper which was at once sweet and sweathead-inducing.  I could not have asked for a better experience.  Well, save for the end when a couple of suits came in and sat next to us.

But then I have quite a lot of distaste for grown ass men who wear sunglasses on their topheads.
I bit pricey for the portion size on 3 of 4 dishes, but overall pretty good. 

I got the Camparita cocktail. So delicious!! Fresh squeezed citrus makes me so happy. I love margaritas, but can't stand fake lime mix.

We ordered the salad with egg, the like a caprese app. They were both good, the portion was kinda small on the salad. I really liked that the basil component of the caprese was a pest rather than whole leaves like it is traditionally served. The bread was phenomenal.

For main courses we got the gnocchi . The gnocchi itself was so delicious, light and fluff like eating a cloud. The sauce was good, but I really didn't get the fennel or sausage in it. We also ordered the Amatriciana which was good more spicy than I expected. The meat was a little on the sparse side, but overall a good dish.
I went here with my friend and her toddler for lunch a few months ago. It was a Saturday and we were the only ones in the restaurant. Hmmmm. But regardless the food was really amazing. The flavors were very unique. The freshly made pasta melts in your mouth.

This would be a 5 star rating if it weren't for the portion sizes. We only ordered a pasta dish each and no salad, and there is no bread, only those cracker style breadsticks. Which my friend's toddler gobbled up. We were still hungry after our meals. It would be great if they could just get some simple, tasty artisan bread from a local bakery. With the price they charge on their meals, this really shouldn't be a problem.

The service was great, which it should be since we were the only ones. But our server was very nice, helpful, and informative. And didn't mind putting up with the little one.
I'm a fan but I went last night and the valet told us that Pasta Bar closed last week.
5 visits in the last year.  

The Good:  late hours, low-key, comfortable space, subtle flavor combinations, interesting pasta varieties.

The Bad:  pistacchio gelato (could have been a bad batch), smaller portions than what overweight people require, can be inconsistent (putanesca good one time, not so good another time).

Try this place if you are close to downtown or cenpho and like italian food.  Don't bother if you are looking to cram a pound of spaghetti and meatballs down your gullet.
The variety of flavors is impressive.  Don't get two flavors with black pepper together for instance, it builds, otherwise one (olive oil and black pepper for example) with other flavors is very good.  The Berry White is good, as is the Coconut.  The Italian Wedding Cake is also good, if a bit sweet.  I think it would be very difficult to complain about choosing bad flavors because they will allow you to sample just about as much as you want.

It does tend toward the pricey side but that is the reality of ice cream and gelato places.  It's worth going to.  Even if you end up with a 'normal' flavor like triple vanilla or coconut (my favorite), you can try crazier ones and everyone wins.
I appreciate the innovative flavors. The chocolate coconut curry (though these are three of my very favorites things on earth) is a little too strange to eat a full serving of, but great to taste! The sea salted caramel is fantastic.
I think the Mediterranean Sea Salt Caramel gelato is addicting. Amazing array of flavors, get 3 of them (the weirder the better), and then go back for more. Good selection of magazines also. Great place to catch up with friends, especially when it's humid out.
Very delicious! I'm not going to rave about all the flavor blah blah blah..because everyone already has int their reviews!

The boy and I just returned from Italy 3 weeks ago, and this place still seemed pretty authentic considering it's in Madison. 

Why the 4 stars?
The woman behind the counter was friendly and helpful..until we asked for brewed coffee.
She didn't have a pot ready.
Her response.. "Well, I guuuuueess I could put one on for you. It'll take a few minutes."

Not rude, just put out sounding.
Which was strange. Since her ENTIRE job is to serve customers their orders.
And ours wasn't complicated, or annoying or even strange. 
Just wanted some coffee with our gelato.
We didn't wait, just took the yummy gelato goodness to go.

But really..4 very pleasant customers, 2 of whom want coffee...is that so hard/annoying?
I was driving home to Minneapolis from Chicago and had a major craving for sweets. I pulled out my nifty Yelp iPhone app and searched for the nearest Gelato. 

Paciugo popped right up and it was only about a 5ish mile detour from the highway.  

This place is so awesome. There are so many flavors! In between the boy and I, we had 5 different flavors.  Everything was so delicious.  They are pretty inventive with what they make.  I saw a lot of combinations I've never seen before. I was like Gelato heaven. :) It is way too bad that I live in Minneapolis...I will be back again next time I head east on I-94!
Delish! It's awesome getting so many flavors in one little cup, and they were all fantastic. (Today: Pistachio Almond, Chocolate Peanut Buttter, Chocolate Hazelnut, and Peanut Butter Cookies & Cream)
Paciugo is one of the best places to go in downtown Madison if you have a sweet tooth. Over at Cold Stone you get an ugly pound of mashed ice cream. Over here the gelato is so savory that you only need to eat a small spoonful at a time. And because of that, their smallest cup (which is less than $5) is enough to satisfy you and another person.

On top of that, even the smallest cup comes with 3 different flavors of their ice cream. You get an additional flavor for each size. And there's so many unusual and amazing flavors. On my last visit, I had a Chocolate Hazelnut, Peppermint (which tastes like actual peppermints), and Chocolate Raspberry.  There's so many more, that it's really difficult to not find something that you'll like. You can take as many samples as you want before you actually pick something.
When I left to Italy over a year ago, I was incredibly depressed knowing I'd probably never be able to find that quality of gelato ever again in America. I was so wrong.

A few months later, I stumbled into Paciugo on a whim--it's one of those things you pass by on State St. and can easily miss if you're not paying too much attention. But if you do, that's an honest to god tragedy.

Paciugo is, hands down, the most creative "ice cream" place in Madison. They change their flavors regularly, but I'm always excited when they have any Amaretto-based flavors. Their Wedding Cake and Caramel flavors are so rich and taste like you're honestly eating a piece of the finest wedding cake you've ever had in your life.

It's not exactly cheap, but it's not pricey either. You get three flavors in a small and its a decent size as well. I would most definitely pick this over Coldstone, though.
This place makes great gelato at reasonable prices. I think they could offer more variety in terms of vegan options (most were fruit-based, other than one chocolate option), but this was good stuff on a whole: creamy; rich; unusual.

I like that you can mix and match and get a large cup with three different flavors. The chocolate was excellent, as was the strawberry lemonade.

I'd probably come here over The Chocolate Shoppe down the street, which does offer soy ice cream, but isn't that great.
I've always wanted to try rich creamy gelato and this was the perfect place to do that. The Mediterranean Sea Salt Caramel was to die for. The kids were happy with their Bubble Gum choice. 

The manager was so nice. He let the kids try all of the flavors and was very informative. He told us all about the different flavor and how often they change the flavors for the day. I only wish we lived closer to try them all. 

It was a bit pricey but well worth it given the fact you could mix and match. This is a definite must do on any trip to Madison.
Stopped by after dinner today; they had several tasty options of gelato.  Very nice.
The gelato is great, it's rich and creamy and made fresh daily! It's a little on the pricy side but they give you a lot so it's well worth the money.
Good gelato in Madison. Nothing amazing, but there is a good selection of flavors. Free samples are often given outside the store, but if you want to try more than one flavor, you have to go inside. I had a coupon for a free cup of gelato, and free's always good!
The first time I had Paciugo's was at a mall in the food court. It was a heavenly memorable experience.

When I saw the one within biking distance on State Street, I squealed with happiness! 
(Recently relocated to Madison from Ohio).

Rotating flavors, something for everyone. Decadent. Incredible. Delicious.

I die. Sorry, FroYo... over you :)
They have ROSE flavor!!! Was good but not as great as what I had in Paris. They have lots of common and unusual flavors. Service could of came with a smile thou.
I wanna eat the very best
Like no one ever has
To eat them all is my real test
To enjoy them is my cause

I will travel across the land
Searching far and wide
Each gelato to understand
The taste that is inside

Gelato, its you and me
I know it's my destiny
Gelato, oh, you're so delicious
you melt inside my mouth
Gelato, your milky goodness
always put me in a good mood

You tempt me and I'll eat you
Gelato, gotta eat 'em all!


Anyways, if that wasn't enough to convince you to go to Paciugo's, then I don't know what will. I know this might be blasphemous, but the gelato at Paciugo is comparable to those I've had in Italy. And trust me, I've had a loooot of gelato.

This place has, hands down, the best gelato in America.
YES to small cups of dreamy sweetness.

This is the only place that will get me to trudge through the snow (and a blizzard!) for a cold concoction. 

The flavors are insaaaaaane and change all the time. Sure, sure you can get your chocolate, but why not get chocolate sesame crunch instead, or even chocolate jalapeno? Yes, they went there.

I got the chocolate Guinness which is as good and rich as it sounds. Chocolate and beer should get married, because that sh!t is cray. It tastes like an attractive Irish man with a box of chocolates is hugging me.

Portions are small, because gelato is as rich as George Clooney. Get yourself down here.
Paciugo has CLOSED!

A new gelato place has taken over this location though - La Coppa.  A friend and I ate there this past weekend and they were very good - just need to expand their variety of flavors to some that a little more inventive, as Paciugo did.
Lindsay was here First!
It opened up yesterday!


Review to come...

Allright, after many requests, here it is.
This new location of the much-loved Ice Tango is on the scene with a totally different look. They have expanded the flavor collection to encompass the original Twangy Tart, the new creamy tart (which apparently tastes like Pinkberry yogurt), a sorbet (desert pear I think) and a few other options. The fruit and various cereal toppings are out buffet-style and the customer is charged by weight.

I was there when it first opened. Everything looked fresh. I can't say I tried every flavor, so I can't comment on Sarah G's comment that the Twangy Tart was not the same. I did try the desert pear sorbet which, while being tasty, was seriously lacking some alcohol. It was screaming for a margarita glass. Some time when I have a girls' night, I am going to get some of this sorbet and blend it back at home with some tequila. I swirled the coconut and pineapple flavors and topped it with strawberries and backberries. It was divine.

The price right now is $0.36/oz, but David is working with that as to avoid sticker shock for his loyal clients who are used to the other pricing. It should be noted that this location does have crepes, custard, and shakes. Those are not self-serve.

I like the serve-yourself idea because it opens up all new possibilities. You could go plain, mix everything in the store, or anywhere in between. It felt more homey than mojo, which I think has a very corporate feel to it.

Congrats on the newest location. I'm sure good things are to come.
The Original Twangy Tart that made my heart go Buck Wild ............... 

Yeah, that was the Original Location also....... 

This new one, not so much as a pitter patter. 

They were having a Grand Opening special, all orders 50% off so that was cool. 

It's Very Small and you Serve Yourself now, too bad the fruit wasn't looking very fresh. 

The Twangy Tart was anything but. 

Seriously it just tasted like plain milk, no twang. 

The Creamy Blueberry, not so creamy but very tarty, almost in a pixie stix kinda away, actually that's exactly what it tasted like. 

Sadly I don't think I'd come here again given the other options I have for frozen yogurt. 

Sorry Ice Tango.
Finally made the pilgrimage to the new location after dinner at Eddie's House. Well I have to say, lackluster. While I like the concept of self service the space is WAY TO SMALL for this type of concept! We could barely manage in and out. Sad because there were only a handful of people in there. Also the a/c must have been broken because it was so hot in there was unbearable. 

While some of the flavors were good, coconut and creamy tart, the gelato was pretty bad. Tried the pistachio, should have known since it was coming from a soft serve machine. Tasted pasty and dull. 

* FAT ASSES LIKE ME BEWARE* the cups are huge so its easy to over fill a cup just to make it look right. We as Americans have a real disconnect when it comes to food portions, ends up being really overindulgence and gluttony. So watch out.

I think Ill stick to the Hilton Village location where I can have a smaller size and feel good about the fewer flavors and toppings.
I stopped by on opening day to check out the whole tangy froyo thing. The lady behind the counter was really friendly and explained the whole concept to me and i tasted through some free samples before making my cup happen. The 'small' cup is ENORMOUS. it must be a solid pint, for real. My two favorites were the nutella soft ice cream (not fat free, and thus delicious) and the fat free coconut. I went for the coconut -pineapple swirl. I didn't like the pineapple at all. and while topping are fun, i'm really looking for the quality of the base product and have admit that this frozen yogurt was really icy and not creamy at all. 

i don't know. I'm glad I got it 50% off  but I probably wouldn't go back.
I have to say, Ice Tango holds a special place in my heart... 

Maybe it's because Ice Tango gave me my first taste of tart yogurt, or maybe it's because the employees are super friendly. Perhaps it's that the toppings always look fresh and appealing.  But I think the real reason is that Ice Tango fro yo is just delicious!  It's refreshing and fat free and I just can't get enough!

I stopped into the new old town location today for the first time, and I loved it!  Jared does too!  I had the coconut flavor and it was love at first bite.  This location also offers a soft serve gelato and granita (sorbet like dessert) as well.  I'll be back for sure!
Maybe I'm not as much a fan of the self-serve concept afterall... 
I think I prefer a serving size as I request it - not my amateur serving getting way too big since the fro-yo comes out way too fast and I'm not used to it!  And then you have to pay for it... 38 cents an ounce adds up!

I stopped back by and treated myself to some fro-yo last night.  I stayed awhile to do some work while I was there as well (since my power was out at home).  In listening to the other customers while I was there, it seemed like everyone was having similar experiences.  Regardless, it was good to see the place packed on a Tuesday night.  I guess I'm not the only Ice Tango lover in this town.

So, just to clarify - I still love the product and the friendly service and the delicious toppings, but I think I'm safer financially and diet wise, heading to the the other location!
So what is the dealio with fro-tang?
It's a question that keeps me up at night, pondering...pondering.
I needed an answer, so when I got out of the office and went for a walkabout in Old Town for lunch a couple of days ago, my route took me past the fro-tang palace in Old Town, Ice Tango!
I thought (as I made my fateful decision to walk in) "frozen yogurt...how difficult can this be?"
Plenty difficult, as it turns out!
I was greeted by the guy who lost on American Idol (apparently, maybe a dead ringer), as I walked in. 
He pointed to the 10 rows of soft serve machines and said "you can try any flavors you want" and indicated a stack of exquisitely tiny paper thimbles, in which I was supposed to put a small serving of fro-tang to try out.
I had no idea what the fro-tang was going to taste like, so thought "good idea"...I could not have been more wrong.
I approached the first soft serve udder, with a label that said something like "creamy tang-fro" and gave it a short pull.
2 1/2 cups of creamy tang-fro cascaded over the sides of my thimble and onto my hands (desperately cupped to keep the yo-tang from hitting the floor and marking me as a non-pro tang-fro jockey).
I didn't really get a taste as I dumped the thimble and the extra 2 lb's. of yo-fro in the trash bin.
While unsuccessfully trying to clean my sticky hands with a wad of napkins, I decided on another approach.
I walked by the 30 different soft serve machines looking at lables in a hopeless attempt to find my standby...vanilla...no go for vanilla fro-yo.
I did find some sort of chocolate blend, but it was in one of the 6 or so soft serve udders that were not in working order (swirling, cold, but the udders just wouldn't  give:)
I finally settled on Mangy Tango (or was it Tangy Mango?) and Coconut Something combo.
I got a small cup and by now well aware of the awesome dispensing capabilities of these hard core soft servers, I pulled the lever on the combo udder for 1 second...1 second!
My little cup was only 1/3 full:) Just right! 
I added a spoonful of strawberries to the concoction and took my prize to the counter to pay for it.
Adam (probably not his real name) motioned that I should set my tangy treat on the scale...he was going to weigh it and I was going to pay $.38 per ounce for my sweet confection:) 
Good Deal! I didn't have that many oz's:)
$4.27? 
Adam, do you want to weigh that again? 
Are you kidding? 
Who do you guys think you are...Sprinkles?
I asked Adam how they hide the ballast in the cups. 
Adam looks at me like I'm not all that funny...but I am:)
I would tell you that I have never had better fro-yo-tang, but I had never had any of the stuff before.
The Mangy Tango part was OK, but the Oil-Can Coconut had a chemical taste and I tossed about $3.49 worth of tang-yo into the trash(:
So, no bro, on the fro yo from the tango.
I jogged by Ice Tango today for 10th or 12th time in the past 3 weeks (well, I was headed over to the canal for my run, and while I was running as fast as I could, I'm pretty sure it looked like a gentle "jog" to the race fans up and down Scottsdale Road...but I digress:)

I again saw the same sign on the door that has been there for at least 3 weeks since I first noticed it..."Closed today, will reopen tomorrow"...tomorrow has never come!

I slowed my pace to a slow walk and looked into the dark, dank interior of Ice Tango...the machines are all dead...the counters have crap all over them...except where there's dust all over them...not even the glow from the from the cordless phone...it looks like the power is disconnected...

I hope it wasn't something I said...
My family often comes to this shopping center. I visited my mother in Queen Creek for 8 days in December and several times after that. Not once did I ever see this place open nor has my family who lives here. They are closed by 3 o'clock! When I reviewed this place, there were no hours posted on yelp, nor was there a website at the time of this review, which was in 2009! The place looks interesting. I appreciate the Caffe reaching out to me and I will try them when I visit because that is the type of customer service that warrants a second try.
What a pleasant surprise! I was headed to Serrano's, which I don't particularly enjoy, when I noticed the sign on a tucked away building in the same parking lot. I wasn't sure what the restaurant was or what to expect, but one thing I did know - I had not yet Yelped in (and I could also Check in via the new handy Yelp mobile feature)...

The owner saw my confused look and quickly concluded it was my first visit. Looking over the options for salads, sandwiches and wraps, I chose the Mediterranean vegetable wrap while my friend took the Mediterranean chicken sandwich. My wrap came with a spinach tortilla, hummus, olives, feta, onions, red peppers, pesto - you name it! The chicken sandwich was served on ciabatta and most of the same ingredients ('cept no hummus). 

Looking over the menu I was excited to see they actually had bananas Foster! WHAT?!? Then the owner explained, no, that was a banana Foster gelato, not the actual banana Foster...and they no longer had gelato because the ice cream actually was a bigger seller. He did say that he could make a banana Foster-like milkshake with banana, ice cream, some caramel... it was good, and close, but not quiet there. We also left with a chocolate/peanut butter shake. That was tasty!

The owner said they have been open for 8 months and although it is tucked away, that is part of the charm because it isn't right up on the street. The entire side windows open during the warmer weather and a local music company sets up live music. They have a car show, a ride your bike day, etc. A few regular local events, paintings from local artists and the availability of a logoed shirt and hat (sold at cost) make this place a charming find in the QC. I will definitely put this on my list of places to stop by from time to time.
Seems kinda silly to only base a review of closing time (they serve mainly breakfast and lunch) but I loved them (in reference to the one star this place got - NOT WARRANTED). Nice friendly owners. It was their one year business birthday. Free cake. They have tomato basil soup (it was just ok) but they have sandwiches, salads, smoothies - sweets and of course coffee .... I enjoyed this place.  It is a weak 4, but still worthy of a 4.  I will probably be back to try more stuff.
Awesome sandwiches- try the mediterranean chicken. And also a great social setting with car shows, art shows and music.
This is one of those locally owned, small places that we hope makes it through these tough times. While the food isn't anything to brag about -- I had a tuna sandwich that had good flavor, but very little tuna -- their drink menu is. (Nonalcoholic.) They have one of the largest collections of flavorings I've ever seen to make smoothies, creamy Italian sodas, and fountain drinks. 

They offer several salads, wraps, and baguette sandwiches, and it's one of the few places around where you can get bagels or hummus and pita chips.
So happy that this is located just steps from my front door! Love that I can get a Chi Latte in the morning before work and not have to go out of my way - perfect little locally owned cafe. Free Wi-Fi makes a nice afternoon getaway from my desk but can still get some work done on my laptop. They also hold local artists events and other functions that support local which is a great thing.  Just wish the hours were a bit later in the evening.
This place is great it has a nice relaxing and quiet atmosphere.  The food is all really fresh and I have enjoyed everything I have tried. They have Blue Bell ice cream which is my favorite and they have all sorts of delicious baked treats.
I stumbled upon this place recently with a friend. It is such a nice environment, and the people who work here are super friendly.  I have been back several times and their food and beverages are remarkable. I like it when the coffee drinks are hot, not lukewarm and they serve them up hot every time.  

I like the fact they aren't super busy and they serve a more local crowd.  They are somewhat off the road and the signage is a bit difficult to see, hopefully this will not effect their business longevity.  

They also host several weekly events and have a great selection of books, local artwork, etc. to purchase or exchange. 

Great work guys/gals @ The Rhino, keep it up and best of luck.
I LOVE this place.  My favorite is the chicken Mediteranian sandwich and the thai ice tea.....could eat it every day.  It has the feel of Starbucks, with a less expensive cost....and a much bigger selection.  Quiet table in the back make it a great place to work.  Patio tables for those nice days you want to eat outside.
I think this place has potential. The place looks nice and I was excited to try it, but the first experience was not so good. 
I called on a Sunday morning and asked if they had "muffins and pastries." After I was told yes I threw on my flip flops and headed over to find ONE bran muffin and no pastries. I was so disappointed because I had high hopes due to all the reviews I have seen here on Yelp!
Not sure why they told me that but maybe someday I can go in there and try something else to see if they can redeem themselves, and I can throw them another star or two!
Good solid 4 stars. I enjoy the breakfast burritos & breakfast food in general here. There are healthy options too for veggie & vegan peeps. Very friendly & affordable.  They serve baked goods & ice cream too and they have kid options.
I love the food & coffee here. The owner & staff are always friendly, and love to chat. I've sampled most of the menu, and have yet to be disappointed.

There are tables, power outlets, & wifi, which makes for a good place to stop in for a few hours & work. (Just don't be a wifi-freeloader, the coffee gods will smite you!)

The only real "con" is their hours. I would love to be able to stop by on my way home & grab a cup of coffee, but they close so early :(
Very good latte and friendly service. Haven't tried the food yet but will soon. Nice atmosphere, free wifi. I love locally/family owned businesses.
Gave this place a shot on a sunday morning, was not impressed.  Wanted to love it but the food was bland the coffee was ok and they were GREATLY under-staffed.  It took over 30 min to get a latte and a cinnamon roll.  The roll was hard.  My friends ordered breakfast burritos and they came hard and incorrect.  No music or tvs very bland setting...sorry but won't be back.
I fell in love with the rhino today.  The food is fantastic and the service is even better.  The atmosphere is great... very open and welcoming in the main area, artsy and cozy in the back where they have books for sale, and nice outdoor seating.  

The dark chocolate mocha is amazing!  A must for lovers of dark chocolate and espresso. 

They were very accommodating with my food allergies.  They have soy milk and food options without meat or cheese available.  Not necessarily vegan friendly though.

Check this place out.  You'll love it too.
The cafe is under new ownership as of this month

The food has already acceptable and the service is attentive. The atmosphere is great... very open and welcoming in the main area,  I visit the other coffee shops in the area where the coffee is always over price and the music is to loud to hold a conversation either with someone or on the phone. This place has been the opposite so stop and check it out.  I understand the menu item are changing and new atmosphere is welcome change.
Good coffee, great setting...not sure why the locals don't support this place at least grab a cup of coffee!
Car show every Friday.  Open mic night every Saturday.  25% off for riding bike on Sunday.  Art/craft show once a month.  

Incredible for Queen Creek.  Only bad thing is early closing time during week.  It and dunkin donuts only brekkie open at 6am for early risers.
This is one of the newest DQ's around.  They are also one of the most busiest yet most efficient locations.  Every time we go here, no matter what time of day or night, there is a ridiculous line in the drive through, you would swear it was In-N-Out at lunchtime.  Luckily the staff is able to move very quickly through all those customers.  On every visit there I have found the cashiers to be quite friendly.  The majority of the people who work here are high school kids, but they all seem to have a pretty good time.  Their blizzards are some of the better ones here, and they tend to get them mixed pretty well all the way to the bottom.  Sometimes you get a little cheated on the mix-ins and sometimes they are generous, but it's usually pretty consistent.  If you can, see if Jeff can make your blizzard, they're the best.  That was a shameless plug for my little bro, but he really does make a killer blizzard.
Love DQ, especially when it's a hop, skip and a jump from my front door. Always busy, but never a super long wait. Have had my order messed up a few times, but it is always fixed in a friendly and timely fashion. It's a great family treat on the weekends!
If I could give this place a 0 star I would. When I go through the drive through, I expect my food order to be correct. How hard is it to mess up two ice cream cone orders? And because it's hot out, how hard is it to take a cone and put it upside down in a bowl so it doesnt melt all over me on my way home? 

Apparently the workers can't even fathom this crazy contraption and give me a plastic dish that's NOT what I wanted. 

Unless you want to deal with idiots don't come here. That is all.
This Dq is always busy and I have never had to wait long for ice cream or the yummy chicken fingers! They are always nice, professional and accurate.
I've been going to this DQ for the last two years. I have always had the best service and the best food at this DQ. the staff is very friendly and the Manager has the habit of asking patrons how their service and food is. The restrooms are clean and the service is top notch, great job! i'll be back week after week.
This is probably the nicest DQ I have ever seen. With that being said the appearance of the store also matched the quality of the food and the service. Even late on Sunday nights this place is busy yet still executes each order perfectly with a smile on their face. So weather you want something sweet or a real meal to eat this place will not disappoint.  I really like that they offer smaller sizes for the Blizzards now because although they are good it can get a bit rich. The drive through seems chaotic and is constantly long, I would reccomend going inside to order or realxing and eating in like I do.
Shame me once fool on you, shame me twice, fool on me! 

Well needless to say, today was the second time (in a looooong time) I decided to give my DQ down the road a try.... Apparently they don't read their Yelp reviews or even care what the customer has to say because once more as I went through the drive thru and ordered 2 large TWIST ice creams with sprinkles in a bowl the person at the window either needs to have their ears checked, hearing aids implemented or just plain be banished from this earth because I was served 2 VANILLA ice creams with sprinkles in a bowl..... looking at my receipt - AMAZING 2 TWIST ice creams were ordered (so I'm not crazy- Hallelujah!)

Dairy Queen, I'm done- stick a fork in me. And you're lucky I didn't  just throw my ice creams at the idiotic lady who served me... At this point the assault charges that would have followed would be worth it after numerous times you've failed to serve the customer correctly.
Who doesn't love Dairy Queen? This location is clean, modern & run by teenagers, so what can you expect but a few minutes waiting on them to pull their head out of their butt long enough to provide a semblance of customer service.
This Dairy Queen could get 5 stars for their blizzards and staying open late! Unfortunately, find my picture and see that I'm reviewing the food and wait time. It was a 15-20 minute wait for two chicken strip baskets. The one pictured was my 4 piece (count them, only 3!). Not to mention, they were more like nuggets, measuring just a few inches long. Now, this is not the DQ norm and I was embarrassed because I assured somebody that they actually have good fast food, not just soft serve. Lol. Fail!
Gotta love DQ  It's all American!
Beautiful new restaurant style location
Nice DQ! Stop here a lot when we have a taste for a "nightcap." But, don't bother with the hot dogs. I had a chili cheese dog the other night and it was probably the poorest excuse for a hot dog I have had in my life. It was like a blown up cocktail weeny that someone dumped some canned chili on with a little cheese Whiz. Not impressed by the food... Always good service and Blizzards though.
So I was craving an sundae earlier, I decided to pop by this DQ and got the medium size sundae with strawberry. After paying for the sundae, I was shocked by the size of the sundae, the server said he had weighed out the sundae too, it was as big as the vanilla cone. If you want every want a sundae, don't come here. Its no way as good as the Costco very berry sundae! Hands down!
Man I love this place....qhe. they say uve never sewn a DQ like this one before thwyre telling the truth...its gorgeous! Its one of the cleanest food joints around....I have been going here for a long time and the service and food are what brings me back. They have a GREAT handle on what customer service is and you'd think you were In a full service restaurant by the way they treat you.  The managers are always around and their kids are always rocking out orders. The drive thru is always packed but they keep it moving pretty well. I have found that if the drive thru is busy u can usually get served pretty quickly inside...so if its more than 6 cars I go inside and get out quicker than the guy that would have been in front of me. Just a great bunch of kids all around they have really done an awesome job when I'm there...don't get me wrong, they will have the occasional mistake and if u bring it to their attention it is ALWAYS fixed beyond my expectations...that's what I like, when you go to other places n say ur burger has ketchup on it when it shouldnt, they make a new one n send u on ur way whereas DQ takes it personally (they should) and will fix the issue and take it a step further to ensure you're happy...the one time I did take my burger back because of the ketchup, they brought me out a brand new burger and made it a combo for me for free and I got dessert on top of it. Keep up the great work DQ, you've got a customer for life!
I can't believe im writing a review of Dairy Queen but this is by far the nicest one I have ever been to. You give them your order and they bring the ice cream out to you. They also do this fun flippy thing with the blizzards at the table.
The only reason I gave this any less than 5 stars is because there is always a huge line. But beside the food which I hope no one orders the ice cream is always good.
We stopped by on Easter Sunday after church, about 11:15am. They were not busy as I believe they must have just opened. We went through the drive thru & brought the food home... big mistake!  The ice cream was excellent as always BUT the 2 burger combos were horrible! The burgers looked & tasted like they were made the day before...they went to the dog. Even the buns were cracked & dried out!!! I now wish we had eaten inside so that we could have returned the food! After paying nearly $30.00 for this meal & the only edible thing is the icecream, I will take our business elsewhere! DQ is usually know for really delicious quality food but NOT at this location!!!  
I gave 1  1 star for the employee who was really nice & upbeat!
UGH! I had a confetti cake blizzard. The cake part was dried and gross. The entire 2/3 of the blizzard was just ice cream - they didn't even bother to blend it! They just dumped toppings on it. It was gross and so not worth the money. :(
Super-cheap soft serve, slushies, and various other treats. As the name implies, it's carnival food. 

Small, but discarded seats from Tilt-A-Whirl-like rides outside for your seating pleasure. We just got our ice cream & chilly willys (ice cream + slush puppies) to go and ate it on the walk back to my friend's home a few blocks away.
My veggie hot dog was a bit of a joke -- most likely just microwaved. Fries were soggy, flavorless and stale. Onion rings were okay. My boyfriend's burger was okay. Afterwards, I just had a stomach ache. :(

Way overpriced for what we got!
Stopped in today and had a burger, gyro burger, fries and a soda  Yummy!  Also chatted with the owner who was very nice.
Thanks you for a delicious lunch!
Wow. Owner got mad at my review, questioned why I didn't contact him directly at the time, and I responded completely civilly, thinking it was an interesting question. (Ultimately deciding that since we ordered take-out, we didn't feel like calling to complain, waiting another 30 minutes, etc, and definitely didn't want to try it again, so there's that) He replied:

"You are as pretentious as I suspected, sorry for contacting you bitch!!  I NEVER bought anything prepackaged, and if you really cared, you'd ask, I wouldn't have to jam it down your throat, sorry you have to be 'convinced' what good food is."

Umm...
I have LOVED Freddy's since we took a family vacation to Schlitterbaun (water park in Texas) and stumbled in one.  At that point we were exhausted and starving from being at the water park and Freddy's was AWESOME food.

One day I thought hey, I wonder if they have any Freddy's out West and found the one on Bell Road.  We loaded up the SUV and drove from Gilbert to Glendale AND the drive was worth it!  We once again LOVED our meal at Freddy's!

We ended up driving to Glendale about once a month to eat at Freddy's, begging them to open a location out in the East Valley - FINALLY it opened - just as we moved to SoCal : (

When ever we get back to Arizona we ALWAYS eat at Freddy's.  Why?

The burgers are "steak burgers", high quality meat with seasoning.  The fries are seasoned just right...addicting!  They have free drink refills and the place is old school looking.  THE REAL KICKER...the frozen custard!  WOW, I love their frozen custard creations!

They have other menu items, but the steak burger is just fine for me!
Freddy's was a pretty decent place for burgers and fries, but they fell a little short of being great for me.  The burgers tasted high quality but they were severely lacking in seasoning.  I loaded it up with salt and a bit of pepper and things were made better.  The fries are shoestring fries so they're nice and crisp.  I really enjoyed them, but again, lacking in seasoning.  Their prices are fair, especially considering the stupid 5 Guys is pretty close to them.  Just to compare, I had a comparable burger here plus fries AND a drink, all for the price of a single patty burger at 5 Guys.  I probably won't come back here mostly just because there are so many other similar places and this just doesn't stand out.
This place was a little confusing for me.  There were no descriptions of the food so I was flying blind when I ordered the California burger.  I just assumed it would have something like avocado or ranch or fish or sunshine or eddie money....but it didn't.  Nothing California about this burger other than that's probably where the lettuce came from.  Speaking of lettuce, this burger had it with some uncooked onions and a tomato.  These aren't normally things I want on my burger but, apparently, that's what constitutes a California burger.  It was more expensive than a regular burger because of the toppings.  Nice.

Since I failed to realize any of this at the time, I was still pretty hungry when I finished.  Since this is a steak-burger place, they like to flatten out the beef until it looks like the sole of your shoe.  It's pretty thin and not very filling.  The taste is good and it's not greasy (unlike Steakenburger) but I really wished I had ordered a double.  

The fries were actually really good which made me really happy.  I ended up putting some on my burger just to try and give it some more substance.  Not bad.  Feels like I'm back in Pittsburgh.

Anyways, I probably wouldn't go back here but who knows?  It was better than Five Guys so they have that going for them.  It was a pretty ho-hum experience and that's probably what you'll get too.
i dug it. their hotdogs are bomb. they are using vienna, i believe. and they come on buttered toasted bread. i get mine w grilled onions on top.

their fries are some of the best EVER. super thin, perfectly crisp, and perfectly seasoned. The seasoning tastes a bit garlicky and not sure what else was in it. 

the burgers are not as good as culvers but they are good. 

and the custard is pretty tasty
Well after driving by many times and never stopping, we finally stopped today and it was crowded. We ordered a single steakburger and onion rings and a drink (Combo) and a chicago dog and a regular hot dog. Now off the bat this place kinda reminded me of Culver's with the Steakburger thing going on. I have to say it was tasty like Culver's, but we left still hungry, not many onion rings. The Chicago dog was great as I remember it from Chicago and my girlfriend enjoyed her hotdog and part of my hamburger (yeah, we were fighting over who is going to finish the last few bites, cause we were still hungry). We will try it again though as we always give places a few chances.
I first went to Freddy's for the custard. Being from St.louis and spoiled on Ted Drew's growing up I had to go to Freddy's and try it. The 2 times I went was real good, I give the custard 3.5 stars in the concrete and 4.5 in the sunday. Something gets lost in the concrete version of the custard, not as creamy and dense. 

I hadn't even looked at the burger menu. Until one day I had to try these "steak burgers". I took one bite and just like in the movie Ratatouille when the food critique guy ate the dish and was instantly transported to his childhood and it almost made him cry. Thats just about what happened to me. There is a place in STL called Carl's. And for 18 years I've been telling people "I wish you could try a Carl's burger and taste the best burger ever." Now Freddy's is not exactly the same as Carl's, but it's about 90%. So It will have to do. I love Freddy's, every time I go I'll eat a single or a double burger then I have to get one more because it's just that good.
If by chance you get around to StL, look up Carl's and try.
I don't get it. The dogs and hamburgers are cooked decently, but their hotdogs and side of fries are tiny!!! I could make bigger (and probably tastier) ones at home. So the fries are thin. Big friggn' deal. It's all in like a 5 oz. cup, where's the value? I guess I just don't see what the rave is about considering they are much smaller and cost much more than other hamburger places. 

We seriously felt ripped off and hungry afterwards. The custard is pretty good, that's like the only thing worth coming here for. They should have better description for the food at the drive-thru, and better trained staff, (they overcharged us and didn't get the order correct).
The fries! Oh the fries are so good!!!! Thin and salty and crispy and  I could have eaten my weight in them.

I had a California style steakburger. I think it's a California style because of the lettuce, tomato, onion and Thousand Island dressing? The burger is thin and had nice crispy edges. It was good.

I also had a chocolate custard. In all honesty I didn't got the difference between custard and ice cream. I guess that I'll need a more discerning palate. Regardless, it had a nice strong chocolate flavor. I would like to try the sundaes and "concretes" aka custard with mix-ins. 

I'll probably give Freddy 3 stars but those fries deserve a star of their own.
Great food fries rings burgers are fantastic and kills Culvers
Freddys has jumped into our weekly lunch rotation!!! I came here with a co-worker for the first time last week. Had the chili dog with fries. The dog was very good and their chili was amazing. Just the way I like it, no beans, but still chunky and the right amount of spice. I think I will definitely be getting a cup of chili the next time I come here. The fries were pretty good though very different. They were very very thin. I think these fries definitely live up to being shoestring potatoes. My co-worker has been looking for good Chicago dog but hasn't have much luck till now. Being from Chicago, she knows what a Chicago dog should be like. She said the one from Freddys was great! The only issue is that their dogs are a bit on the small side so I feel like I would have to order several to get full. I also gave Freddys four stars because I have not been able to try their namesake items (custard and steakburgers) to determine if they are really as good as it gets. Haha. But I will definitely be returning soon!
I was certain I reviewed Freddy's already's but when I looked it wasn't there.

Freddy's has good fast food burgers, thin patties cooked hot and fast so that they carmelize slightly.

Pencil fries with cheese sauce are tasty, although the amount of cheese sauce varies wildly depending on where the moon is in relation to mercury and the various astrology signs.  This issue may have resolved itself with the advent of the new astrology sign.  As a matter of fact, this may have been the underlying cause for the creation of the astrology sign in the first place.

I don't pretend to understand the greater workings of this mysterious universe which revolves around me. I do know that things are more in harmony when I have the desired amount of cheese sauce on my fries.
Like other reviewers I didn't see much of the "Golden State" in the California burger.  All in all a decent burger option, if convenient, and above average fries/onion rings.
My wife and I went here last night after dinner for some custard.  We split a small cup of vanilla which was a mistake because after taking a few bites I wanted scoops more.  Anyway, the vanilla custard is fantastic!  Very rich, creamy, sweet and delicious.  I honestly cannot wait to have it again!!
I went here with a friend last week for the first time. The employees are very friendly and kind. I was impressed with all the choices of flavors for the frozen custard. My friend ate dinner and I had dessert. Very delicious custard and not too expensive either. I'll be back- the food and service were wonderful!
I finally tried their steak burger California style and it was very good. Tasted very fresh kinda like In and Out. I think I still might like In and Outs burgers better, however, Freddys still makes a mean chili dog! I can't quite give this place 5 stars though because I figured out last time that I really am not a fan of their fries. Everyone has their preferences of what fries should be and these are just not for me. Still have to try their custard. Service is great though and restaurant clean. Freddy's is still a winner in my book!
The burgers are good! The decor of this place is nice and I like the Nostalgia of it.. I really liked that they showed the History of Freddy on the walls. It's nice to know that there was a real guy who started this place & even nicer knowing he's a Veteran! If I find myself near the area again I will go back with out a doubt! Much better choice then the everyday fast food chains that clutter our city streets.
I have been an a burger kick lately, so a couple of my partners-in-crime and I went on a burger crawl...Freddy's was our first stop. All I can say is WOW! I had the Triple Steakburger, fries and drink combo ($6.89.) The burger is a smash burger...the meat is smashed on the grill in to thin patties which get all crunchy on the outside. I ordered the burger with cheese, mustard and pickle. It was delicious! The fries are the tiny shoestring fries like Steak & Shake fries. They were hot, fresh, and amazing! They also have diet Dr. Pepper which in my opinion is a big plus.  

After devouring the burger and fries I ordered the Signature Turtle Sundae...vanilla custard, hot caramel, hot fudge, pecans, whipped cream, and a cherry. This sundae was absolutely amazing!!! The custard was dense and creamy and the toppings made me melt faster than the ice cream. Yummy stuff!

The employees were all friendly, cheerful, and efficient! The restaurant was very clean.  Thankfully for my waistline and circulatory system I live in a different state because If I lived nearby I would be eating here way to often.
I was introduced to this place by my sister and brother-in-law, and all I can say is that I got hooked.  

I have been here a couple of times and each time I usually get the double steakburger with cheese and fries.  The steakburger is thinner than a regular burger, but the taste is fantastic.

I also like to get their chocolate brownie delight sundae.  It is probably one of the best sundaes I have ever had.  If you are a chocolate fan, than this is definitely something that you will want to try.

I just saw on their website that they are planning to open a Freddy's in Henderson, NV, which is right in my neighborhood, so I am pretty stoked about that.
Stop by today for California Burger and I also their chocolate brownie delight sundae.  It is probably one of the best sundaes I have ever had.  If you are a chocolate fan, this place is definitely something that you will want to try. The help is friendly and helpful.
Freddy's is not a restaurant for the health conscious, those with finicky tummies, or people who dab their pizza with napkins. Grease is ubiquitous at Freddy's, it's like a inescapable condiment. Hell, the soda is greasy.  If this bothers you, you may want to eat somewhere healthier. Like anywhere else in the world. 

But, damn, these burgers are good. They fry them up on a griddle until they're just a bit crispy around the edges while still being juicy and tender in the middle. Your options are pretty limited, cheese or no cheese, one set of toppings or another. That's okay though. They do it all well. They have hot dogs as well, but I haven't really bothered with them. I can make my own hot dog. The fries are shoestring style, which seems to be popular these days, but I prefer a little thicker cut. Still good though, especially when topped with their 'special' salt.

Then there's the frozen custard... I was a bit skeptical, as I don't like most frozen yogurt, hate soft serve, and generally am unimpressed with ice cream. But this stuff was amazing. It is incredibly smooth and rich, with just a hint of egg underneath the vanilla or chocolate flavor. Really, really delicious. Like everything here, the prices on the frozen custard (FroCu?) are very decent. Honestly, it's about as good as Culver's or any other steakburger joint for the regular stuff, but the frozen custard really makes it stand out as a favorite.
The shoestring fries are really good. However the burger patties are so thin, I wish I would of gotten a double. The custard was amazing. I had vanilla custard with hot fudge on it. I had never tried custard before. Now I know why the teletubbies couldn't get enough of that tubbie custard!!!
SERIOUSLY??

Oh yelp how i rely on you to stand up next to what you are claimed to be by the ratings. when i see 4 stars that means it should be more than just okay! Why am i so let down with all of these places? When i saw the word steak burger i was expecting blow my mind out of this world phenomena! Not your average smashed burger wannabe.
Don't get me wrong the flavor of the burger alone was decent but not worth $7 for a combo.  I LOVE french fries and these did NOT work for me. There was just a weird aftertaste. I couldn't put my finger on it but it was just weird.   As for the custard...

FAIL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

i had ordered a mini vanilla custard concrete with reeses peanut butter cups and i LOVE reeses peanut butter cups you literally have no idea. Next to the original two pack i also love the new mini cups you do not have to unwrap.  ANYWAYS back on track i get this concrete cup with a lid that is good for the car so it doesn't spill.  But the flavor was indeed rich and smooth but the flavor in general just lacked something to me. IDK what kind of peanut butter cups they used but they definitely were not reeses i can tell you that right now.  So dissapointed. If i were to try another concrete it will be strawberry cheesecake for sure. with extra sauce and what not to give it flavor.  But for now i am so mad at myself for spending $10 on BLAH food.
Feel like kickin it ol' school?  Freddy's is the place to go!  
Great burger and fry joint! The steak burgers are fresh patties made to order. They have a home cooked taste not the frozen fast food burger! Yes, they even have Veggie burgers too! You can get darn near anything you like on it ! The Fry's are fresh cut and seasoned or you can top them with cheese or chili. 

I tried a little of everything and my favorite is the chili dog! Tastes like I remember growing up as a kid. The custard sundaes are amazing ! My favorite is the PBC&B mmmm good!

I like that they sell their seasonings so I can grill up the great taste at home!  Great family fun atmosphere.



http://spoonfulpersuasion.blogspot.com/
I was really looking forward to having great burgers but they were way to thin, so thin you can see through them. I wouldn't waste my calories on it again. But I like the seasoning you can put on your hamburger and fries, that is what made it good. But the custard is to die for! I'll never go back to ice cream again. If I ever go back to Freddy's it will be for only dessert.
Finally a place in Arizona where I can enjoy a Chicago-style dog that actually tastes like one!!! So, for all you fellow Chicagoans that are missing hot dogs in the only way that Chicago makes them, head on over to Freddy's!
I have a certain affinity for anything named "Freddy's," my friends can tell you why, so when I first had the chance to go to Freddy's Burgers a couple years ago I was excited. I went on the recommendation of a friend, and it's still one of my favourite chain burger joints. 

The burgers are made fresh to order, no heat lamps keeping your Big Mac warm here! The meat is so much better than your average fast food place. the buns are great and they always manage to get that awesome crispiness on the outside of the burger. My partner gets the patty melt, and keeps eating it even after she's unbuttoned her pants, mumbling, "I'm so full... I really shouldn't eat any more." I LOVE the shoestring fries. I've never had an issue with soggy, cool fries. They're always hot, fresh and salted just enough. The Chicago Dogs are pretty darn good too. 

Get dessert! I'm a big fan of their frozen custard. My staple would be the turtle, with extra caramel. :) 

The whole atmosphere is nice and very retro. Oldies on the radio, HUGE booths so you don't have to worry about where you're going to fit everyone and clean. Clean is a big deal to me. i HATE going to fast food places where the remnants of the last dozen customers are all over the tables and floor.
This was my first and last visit. Fries were good but the burger was just ok. As far as the service, TERRIBLE. I ordered a cheeseburger, small fry and a diet dr pepper....I received a double hamburger, no cheese and they didnt give me my drink! I won't be back.
Not good nor bad. Personally inn & out burger is better as well as five guys. I wasn't all that impressed. There is nothin I hate more then eating super dry meat. And that's what this burger was, I don't think I'll go back well maybe to try the ice cream.
Freddy's is totally grub. I'm down with the Double California Burger which is Freddy's take on an In & Out burger. I love how the meat hangs an inch out of the bun and the texture of the meat is so different from other burgers. The frozen custard is tasty and not that expensive. The kids and I get the dirt & worms and fight over the gummi worms. This place will satisfy the occasional greasy gut bomb craving. I'm looking forward to trying the Chicago dog and chili cheese fries.
Good choice for an afternoon snack, just had the frozen custard, it hit the spot, and was just what we needed to pick us up.  Prices were reasonable and no one came make a Sunday the wrong way, right?

Not crowded, clean, good service.  Looking at the food coming out, might have to come back and try a burger!
Hit this place as a back-up once when I was too late for Five Guys. Surprisingly good, and well priced. Love the really skinny fries. Custard is above average, but I'd go back anytime for the burgers.
Freddy's is a good place to eat, when you hit them on the right night. We have been here 4 times in the past few months and it's either hit or miss. They always seem to pack the place, but that may be because of the price and the fact that we go on the weekend when there seems to be a car show taking place :)

Over all it's burgers and hot dogs. They are famous for their frozen custard which is awesome!

Last night the fries were very oily, I could actually see the wetness in them. They were good, but thinking about the oil was a tough one to swallow down.

I got a single burger plane with grilled onions last night, unfortunately not many onions :(

We will continue to go back, primarily because it's economical for a family of 4 and also the atmosphere is pretty neat.
Good flavorful food but personally I didn't like it. I prefer burgers with some meat to them, the Freddy's burgers while taste good are just flat pancaked pieces of meat. Also I prefer steak fries, something can really eat and these fries are a joke, thinner than a pencil and they are broken into such small pieces that I might as well be using a spoon to eat them cause they would even fall through the prongs of a fork. The one plus was the custard, that I'd go back for!
The best fries in town!!!  The shoe string fries are the best thing ever.  The chocolate shakes are made with real dark chocolate and are always thick and cold.  Easy access to park and the staff is always friendly.
I like the place. It reminds me of something you would see back in the midwest. That said, it is still fast food. The burgers are decent, but a little on the salty side. They have the very thin patties you don't tend to see much any more--which I like for a change of pace. Their shoestring fries are also very good. 

Service is friendly, the place is clean and bright. No complaints, but nothing stands out as tremendous. Good for families with kids though.
Great steakburger's and the best fries.     In my opinion their custard is the best.  Inexpensive and good staff.     Great to have them in the community.
Tasty moist flavorful burgers. 

Wonderful thin crispy fries with minimal grease. 

We've been back several times and will keep returning.

Prices reasonable. 

Fast service, order takers know contents of menu items.  Appreciate this knowledge with having food allergies. Employee even cleared table of tray and baskets, nice touch.

Deserts look great, need to go just for desert, portions have been so good I don't get desert.

The only thing I would change is soda choice, personally prefer Coke to Pepsi.
This place was great! I really enjoyed the burgers. Will definitely be coming back real soon.
Flat patties, tasteless, expensive. I will never eat here again.
Their chili cheese fries are to die for!  Be sure to ask for a side if fry sauce to either drizzle over them or at least just dip the somewhat dry fries in at the end.

The burgers are tasty, but I'd prefer In n Out's small patty burgers over these especially for the cost. 

What keeps me going back is the cleanliness of the restaurant. The friendliness of the staff, oh and did I mention the fry sauce?!?
Terrible customer service. I arrived near closing time and the speaker had apparently been left on in the drive thru, and I could hear employees saying 'go home, we don't want you here'. Things to that effect. I will never be back, unless I hear they have hired somebody besides these high school punks.
Good tasting but needs more steak on steak burger!  Needs, condiments on it also!.   Brownie sundae comes with chocolate Ice cream, would be so much better with vanilla, should have read the menu better. Disappointed, will try again some time & pay more attention.  The place was very clean, nice looking! All the employees were helpful & seem to do their jobs well.
Patty melt= yum! I don't really bother rating fast food joints, but this place won me with the customer service. I drove through today and got a patty melt (of course!) and I was handed my food with the usual smile and "have a nice day". I replied "you too", and she responded with "of course!. I love working here". I drove off wondering if she was sarcastic or not only to get home with some strange sandwich that i didn't order! 

Me, being cranky when I'm hungry, rehearsed all the lines in my head that I will say if they don't give me my money back. "i want to speak to your manager!", or "You just lost a loyal customer. I hope you burn". When I walked in the door, a manger quickly saw i was carrying a bag through the door, and asked what happened. I said " i drove all the way home to find out that I received the wrong order." 

He quickly and sincerely apologized, and gave me a free meal coupon, a free ice cream coupon, threw in some fresh fries, and the girl working the drive through window came out and personally apologized. I was blown away by how much they cared about their customers, especially when the McDonald's across the street would tell my to go shove it where the sun don't shine. 

I don't mind when mistakes are made as long as the company recognizes and fixes the mistake. In this case it was more than fixed, because they want and have earned my business. Super friendly staff! Thanks!
Nothing real exciting here, average burgers but better then any of the other fast food chains, ice cream is better then DQ. Would go there again if I was jn the mood for a fast buger and there wasnt a Culvers around, if you like Steak n Shake this would be a good replacement.
Great service. However the food was such a bad deal I will never go back. Way over priced and the "custard" is not custard at all. If u want real custard then go to Ritas. Don't go here if you are hungry. I just was very disappointed.
Their burger and fries were amazing! I will be back to try their frozen custard!
I'm not sure what to think about Freddy's. I was super excited to try another Frozen Custard place (I heart Culver's) and this place is a hit or miss. The burger is alright but I keep giving it a chance hoping that it's a mistake on my part in the ordering process - I keep getting the California style. Keep in mind that ordering was the problem I had at In n Out until I found my groove.  
The one thing I adore here are the fries. OH. EM. GEE. These little shoe string guys are the BEST. I think they sprinkle salt and pepper on them. I think I'll try them INSIDE my hamburger next time.
I am writing about the location on Williamsfield Rd, Gilbert.  The food and prices are so- so.  This last time we were there, I ordered chicken tenders (dry, overcooked and a very small portion at that) My fries were so salty I could hardly eat them "and I like salty fries".  My husband had their hot dog and it wasn't hot almost cool in the middle !!!  So not real sure what to make of it.

But to be fair, the service was GREAT the girl at the counter was very pleasant, and the ordered came correct...Just not real good.
Great steakburgers!  Awesome flavor !
Much cheaper than 5 guys and their insane prices!
Holy amazeballs. This place is so freakin delicious, it should be illegal. I generally get the patty melt and it is just perfect. The patties are thin, but they are so flavorful that it doesn't matter. The rye is perfect as well. I am super picky, and my order is always done just as I order it. The service is awesome; really, really friendly staff and quality food... This place is hard to beat.
Stopped by last night for a last chance meal at something other than turkey for the next week and WOW fantastic!  First time there and was not disappointed.  Had the triple Freddy and it was flavorful and hot and fresh and the fries where fresh also nice twist on them to looked just like the potato sticks you get in the can but in french fry form and cudos for the dipping sauce for the fries also.  Even put  the sauce on my burger yum, yum!  I hope there is one of these on the west side of Phoenix!
The closest thing to Steak n Shake in AZ. I had the pizza burger, it was okay but not fantastic. I will go again soon, but for now they get a solid 4 stars.
Wow.  The steak burgers at this place are amazing!  When I finished my burger I almost went to order another one!  But I was saving room for their homemade custard which is also 5 stars!

Can't wait to go back to try more stuff!
Was just brought here for the first time by my in laws.  The food was awesome. As others have said it's not a traditional burger it's a thinner chip steak type party but great flavor.  The fry sauce is great as are the shoe string Frys.  They did mess up our order a bit but the manager fixed it right away and brought the order to our table apologized for the delay.   The Custard was awesome (brownie delight sundea)  great place I will be back with my family.  Great service is so hard to find!  But we found it here!!
The burgers were great too bad that our orders were messed up. I also have to cut them a star because the Mountain Dew was out and they didn't have any to replace it with. I would gladly come back again I just hope my order is correct next time. They do give a military discount. I am giving an extra star because they're veteran friendly
My wife and I love to eat out at Freddy's. This is one of those places that I always take my out-of-town friends so they can try it. Freddy's  burgers are great, don't get me wrong they're still fast food burgers but they're as good as fast food comes. They're fries are unstoppable though, they're a thin cut fry with the perfect crisp outside and soft inside. They also use a great season salt on them. My wife loves their custards and there are a ton of options to choose from.

Lastly the staff is great! You know how sometimes you go to a fast food joint and now matter how much the staff smiles you can tell they hate their lives? At Freddy's you don't get that, the staff is always happy and helpful, I always get great service here.
Wow!  Great food and staffed by employees and managers who are on top of everything.  Employees are always cleaning and super friendly.  This is my favorite location and I would pass other places to eat here.  I ate there today and it was great!  Smiles and quick service with great tasting food.  A winning combination!!
This review may just be a collection of tips, but suffice it to say that I am a fan. 

1. Get a double burger. They're thin and work much better in pairs. 
2. Save room for dessert. The custard is tasty
3. The fries are of the "shoestring" variety (thin) and are great with their fry sauce (in the pump machine by the soft drinks AND/OR with a bit of "Freddy's Seasoning," a seasoned salt that you can get at the front counter.

My kids like the chicken strips, but I have decided that the "California Burger" is my favorite. Oh, unlike In-n-Out Burger, you can get your burger with BACON on it at Freddy's. 

The staff at this Freddy's have been friendly and nice -- and they welcome everyone that comes into the place.

...almost forgot... they have sweet tea, too
Excellent!  Customer service is great here and food was good as well,  especially the French fries!
Do not go to this location on your lunch break. I have been here twice in the last month and have waited in the drive-through line over 20 minutes each time. The food is good and hot but the wait time is horrible.
I was craving chili cheese fries...and looked up Freddy's on Yelp, i saw their menu and some pictures of the chili fries and they looked amazing! I got there at 10:30pm on a friday. The employee who took my order was so nice and so helpful. I ordered the chili cheese fries and I also ordered a double steak burger California style and the original one. I got my food and it smelled amazing! The drive home was so long! Haha. I tried the chili cheese fries and errmahgerrddd! So so so delicious! Then i tried the burger and it has got to be one of the most delicious burgers ive ever had. It was so tasty, did not need anything else on it. It was amazing. I will definitely be back:)
Today was  opening day for this location (MetroCenter area) and I had to go in and try the ButterBurger. I ordered the double with the full complement of condiments. The burger was really tasty (the butter does make a difference) and fresh. Considering the busy time (early evening) and the dinner crowd, I got my order pretty fast. I'm looking forward to trying the other items next time, especially the frozen custard.
Utterly superb customer service!

There must be at least 47 employees buzzing around like bees.  I was startled by an offer to "help you right here sir!" only seconds after entering the front door, before my eyes had even adjusted to the change in light.

Awesome menu offerings and wide selection of choices.+ Fresh not frozen burgers with lots of customization available. + Tasty desserts =
Great American Fast Food
We went here for dinner on opening night.  This Culver's   There were a ton of employees working, and we were greeted by a couple at the front door.  There were also several working the register, though it seemed to take longer than it should before we placed our order.  (Note:  we used a coupon, and didn't notice it until we were leaving but they did not take the coupon off.)  

The wife got a grilled chicken sandwich and I had a double Butterburger (I think they call them this because the buns are toasted with butter, not because they are cooked with butter) with cheese and a side of mashed potatoes.  And of course, the awesome Culver's root beer.  The sandwiches and drinks were good, but the mashed potatoes were average.  Maybe I'm used to the ones from the DV location, but I normally scarf Culver's mashed taters down, but not so much here.  Don't get me wrong, I still ate them all, but they were as good...  

During the meal the manager was working the floor and we had a nice brief chat with him.  Later, some employees were giving out samples of their pomegranate ice cooler.  It was fine, I liked the consistency and I think in the future I will get a cooler, though maybe a lemon one.

Three stars to Culver's.  The coupon incident and the mashed potatoes knocked them down.  Not sure if I'll go to this location again unless I'm meeting someone.  The Deer Valley one has always been good to me, plus it seems like the DV one is much easier to get to with less traffic/congestion on the surrounding streets.
Damn my neglectful parents who never bothered give me frozen custard as a child! I have let 28 long years pass. I can't ever get those years back, but I can take control of my own destiny and make sure it becomes a permanent fixture in my life. 
Culver's has two staples. Chocolate and Vanilla. Boring? Not any more. Not when it's creamy, smooth, and rich. They have Marshmallow fluff as a topping!
They also have a "flavor of the day" that you can check out on their website.  
I had great customer service, too!
I love frozen custard! Imagine super rich and creamy soft serve and that's frozen custard. As Shannon C. mentioned, they'll always have vanilla or chocolate and you can build your own sundae for as little as $2.39 (includes 1 scoop and 2 toppings) and they make something similar to a Blizzard (Concrete Mixer) for $2.89 (short size) but I keep an eye on the flavor of the day (http://www.culvers.com/flavors.aspx?storeId=399) for my guide. 

I mean, seriously, Double Marshmallow Oreo (Rich chocolate custard loaded with Oreo cookie pieces and marshmallow creme)? Or, Butter Brickle (Specially blended butter pecan custard enhanced with all-time favorite chewy chunks of Heath Bar.)  Who could resist a special trip!?!

Culver's is known for their ButterBurgers, though. It's worth noting that unless you order a Deluxe you have to specify which of the toppings like mayonnaise, mustard, ketchup, pickles, onions, tomato and lettuce you want; otherwise, ya just get a buttered bun! They make a big deal about the meat being "fresh, never frozen 100% US raised" and cooked to order and they're pretty tasty, but this is a fast food burger, not what I like to refer to as a "backyard burger." So keep your expectations in check an you will be pleased.

The counter service has been good each time I've visited, but I have to give a shout out to my favorite, Luther, who broke it all down for me and, no doubt, made my first visit to the Metro location go smooth. 

It's worth noting they have items besides burgers, like salads and pot roast dinners. Although I haven't ventured there yet, I happen to be a fan of pork tenderloin sandwiches and am looking forward to giving the one at Culver's a try.  But, it's going to have to be on a day that I cannot resist the Flavor of the Day... maybe Friday for Strawberry Cheesecake!
I think maybe I expected too much from the hype.  In defense of hype there are a lot of folks here from the Midwest and Culver's brings back a piece of their past.  I know there are things that if they showed up here from Santa Barbara I would feel the same way.

Friday lunch the place was packed.  There are 3 registers, all in use and the drive through.  I ordered the $4.99 special (double cheese butter burger, fries and a soft drink) and a 2 scoop custard ($2.69?).  They had not had the software loaded to handle the special so they were not advertising it.  The counter person had to find a manager to explain what the special was and how to handle it then had to come back at the end to key in a code with her card.  I asked for everything except mustard, what I got was mayo and onions.  There was a bottleneck at the soda machine which was dispensing ice at about 3 cubes a minute.  I managed to find a seat and about 8 minutes later my food arrived (you place a number on your table and they find you).  The burger was well done to the point of being crunchy around the edges.  The crinkle cut fries were pretty good. 

My order taker asked if I wanted desert after the meal.  This seemed like a good idea so I agreed.  After I finished my meal I went to go get my desert.  I first had to work backwards through the soda backup then, approaching from the other direction, I had to catch the attention of a server between orders.  This while getting stared down by the 20 or so folks standing in line.  I handed in my slip and was given a new number and went back to my table.  I think I would take my chances on the custard softening if I was to eat there during a lunch or dinner rush again, it adds too much time to a lunch run. 

Strawberry cheesecake frozen custard.  That was the flavor of the day.  It came close to rivaling Cold Stone in overall taste quality and for considerably less money.

All the employees I came in contact with were pleasant and helpful.  The new restaurant is of course spotless.  They could have done better designing with how they handle backups at the soda machine and more than a few folks in line, having he line snake into the eating area creates a bit of a bottle neck.  Quite a few booths and tables, many of which can be reconfigured, inside.  There is a good size misted outdoor seating area.
I have never heard of Culver's before and I was dying to try their frozen custard. I got there 10 minutes before they closed. I felt kind of bad but the staff told me that if I got there a minute before they closed they would still serve me. I ordered the sourdough melt combo and a scoop of their frozen custard. The sandwich was alright, the french fries were flavorless, and the frozen custard wasn't anything special. I was really disappointed. It seems like a lot of people like this place and I don't know why don't believe the hype.
I kept hearing about this place from my friend Henry. But as many of time that i have driven by it I never tried it till just recently. We went there with a craving for a good burger. To say the least the craving was fulfilled and more. 

The burgers are made with fresh meat that is cooked crispy which is awesome for a fast food place. The Frozen custard is amazing and the featured flavor is amazing. 

I will have to go back many times as thier menu is huge and I want to try everything there.
Dang you Culver's, with your proximity and convenient drive through! With all the nearby Baskin-Robbins and DQs now closed, I find myself at Culver's a bit too often.

I do love frozen custard. I'd like to say that I'm not going to say that I had way better frozen custard back East. But I'm not, because I did.

Nonetheless, theirs is pretty decent. They have some tasty flavors of the day. The toppings are ridiculously sweet, however. But obviously it's not enough to keep me away.
Excellent burgers, fries and desert along with other menu items (including salads, fish, chicken items).  Coupons frequently available in the weekly AZ Rep newspaper. (Located in the old Whataburger building near MetroCenter)
Culver's is everything In n' Out Burger is supposed to be but isn't. 

High quality fast food with the friendliest service you will ever find. 

There's nothing like a Butter Burger and Cheese Curds.
Was there on a Sunday afternoon, the place was packed!  I ordered a Patty Melt, fries, and a drink.  The burger and fries were ok.  Nothing special.  Then we had to go back for frozen custard.  I have never had frozen custard, ME LIKEY!  It was like a THICK ice cream.  I had snickers with mine.  YUM!  

The employees are very nice.
So far I have only had the frozen custard...The Pecan turtle concoction to be exact, I would eat 10 if I didnt think my husband would judge me. 

We plan to go back and try the burgers!
Hey buttah buttah!  Hey buttah buttah!

3 & 3/10th stars.

This food reminds me of my childhood.  That's right, I have been eating healthy since a very young age.  Especially things like chili cheese fries.  My daughter pointed out that they know the 3 secrets of French cooking...butter, butter and butter.

The burgers are pretty decent for a fast food burger.  Fries were ok, tasty soft serve but the portion varies wildly based on my two visits.  8 meals for 4 bucks is probably a good idea these days as well.
OMG. HELL-the-f*ck-O!

Culver's,
I sure am glad you came to the valley. I read about you in the paper. Guess what? I want to eat you!!!

So, I unfortunately have not eaten any real food here yet. But I'm sure planning on coming back for some!

I saw the sign about their strawberry mango smoothies. There is a reason these puppies come with a spoon. I don't care how good you are ladies, there is almost no way in hell you're gonna suck hard enough to get at it. They start out THAT thick! They have real fruit chunks in them too. But not too chunky. It's pretty blended, but you can tell actual fruit went in. It was a little too sweet at times but still ridiculously tasty. I think I liked the mango bit more than the strawberry.
I decided to give Culver's a second chance and I'm glad I did. The service is very friendly and the chipotle cheese curds I ordered were pretty good. I was surprised how spicy they were! I've also come back for the frozen custard I can't get enough of it!
Same as the others... 

Clean, friendly and good. 

I was able to order a chicken legs and mashed taters for one kid, coleslaw and frys for the other, 2 kids meals for the adults and no one complained. They are always more then happy to help you in anyway possible.
OK, I'll admit it, I get my once a week Culver's fix.  Usually the delux double w/fries....can you say good times.  I've done the chicken sandwich once and was not impressed so I'd stick with a burger which is very addictive.  Ever since Culver's opened, I have not set foot in a Wendys for their double.  Reminds me of grilled goodness from the midwest.  Friendly staff too.
The food is great the price is high but the overall experience was good. I have never been here before so the experience was interesting to say the least.
When we drove to our hotel, Culver's was right next door to us. I was curious when I read their description: Butterburgers and frozen custard. I'd thought I would try the custard, since I have never had custard. You must forgive me, since I am So Cal, born and bred, and only know soft serve.

Since most of our meals were already planned out, we could only sneak in the custard in between the meals. When we were in line for Pizzeria Bianco, I had asked the second in line's opinion of Culver's and was told they were very good, albeit back in the mid West. They had tried it here, but said the franchises out here did not compare. They said the burgers were good and the custard was a must try.

I decided to forgo the daily flavor and went with the vanilla. It is simply the most divine thing ever! Imagine soft serve, with a silky and creamy texture. It literally blew my mind to how good this was. I was determined to have it a few more times and buy a few quarts to bring home with me. Can't beat this: quart #1 $5.50 + quart #2 3.00, so hells yes two quarts. I am saving them for a special occasion...

I will definitely try the burgers the next time I'm in town. Where else do they slap butter onto the patty?
I've gone back a few times since my last review. Every single experience has been fantastic! The burgers are pretty good, BUT do yourself a favor and get the pork tenderloin OMFG!!! Sooooo freaken amazing! 

Also their onion rings are pretty much perfect! 

And the fried cheese curd...just get it! I was a little creeped out eating something called cheese curd, but holy deliciousness!
Where do you go after giving your left Gluteus Maximus a workout at the AMF Bowling on 83rd & Peoria?

Answer: 8.2 miles away to Culver's!

I wasn't very thrilled to go 8.2 miles out of my way just to eat at some ice-cream/hamburger joint, but my friends recommended it so I gave it a try.

It was a very nice place. The cashier lady who took our order was very pleasant. The manager even came to our table to take our trays away (of course, that was probably because we stayed a good 30 minutes after they closed, so that was probably his polite way of kicking us out). But he spoke very kindly! :-)

Unfortunately I didn't try their ice-cream, so I cannot comment on that. Their food, however, was satisfying.

So go ahead a give Culver's a try! You will be satisfied.

Now if only the soreness of my Gluteus Maximus would go away...
Man o man these burgers are pretty bomb they r melt in your mouth delicious the bacon cheddar burger .... the cheddar gives it that special lil kick just gotta try it to knw wat I'm talkin about
Just can't go wrong at Culver's!
Saw a coupon in the entertainment book for this place and had never heard if it. Friends said they are as prolific as mcd's in wisconsin and that I had to try the cheeses curds. What? Curds? So I took my son one afternoon for lunch and now we are hooked. Great fresh burgers cooked when you order it. Plus the concrete mixer frozen custard is awesome. My favorite so far is the cherry cheesecake. They have several flavors all the time plus a flavor of the day. Plus an iPhone app which is great!
This place reminds me of mid-western cooking. It has lots of butter. on everything - even the burgers. I enjoy their custard and cheese curds.
Burger aficionado? You owe it to yourself to check this place out. The burgers are juicy, tender and loaded with flavor. If you're in the neighborhood don't miss it!
Wow, I was surprised how good this burger was.  Truthfully I tried going to In and Out but the line was around the building so I decided to give Culvers a try.  Glad I did, the burger was greasy but juicy and full of flavor.  I like that they use butter and the fries were good also.  Only mistake I made was trying to eat in the car, I quickly learned that my pants were not going unstained.  I tried coming here once before but the inside kind of smelled like Dairy Queen so I walked out.  I guess I just have to stick to the drive thru.  Ha ha
Reliably delicious.  Burgers are really  yummy, custard is off the hook, i love being able to get mashed potatoes or something different with my burger.  I had the pot roast sandwich once and it was stuffed with the pot roast such that i had to take some off.  Could've used a sauce.  The menu really does have something for everyone.
The best Burgers in Town!!!!!  I have been hooked on their yummy burgers since the first bite.  I used to always drive by this place and notice that the parking lot was always packed........and no wonder, they are Wonderful!!!!!  Their custards are extremely yummy too :)  Worth the drive from North Scottsdale.  I haven't tried anything else off their menu besides the burgers, custard and fries.  Always tell myself that I will next time but when the time comes I just can't pass up my favs :)
When they first opened, this was my favorite burger joint.  Aside from the fact that there's an In N Out right across the street, this place is clearly in the same league as they both offer super greasy restaurant-quality burgers in a fast-food setting.  I'd say the burgers are on par with In N Out, but they have a lot more options.  I'm sure In N Out has a lot of variations, too, but they'd rather keep their menu secret so hipsters will sound cool ordering "Animal Style" or whatever.  Culver's still has the advantage when it comes to variety, though, as they have other food, including dinners similar to what you might find at Boston Market.  They also have frozen custard and cheese curds for teh win!

As for taste, my first bite of a Bacon Butter Burger really hit me, I couldn't hep but take notice of how tasty it was.  It reminded me of my first bite of a Double-Double at In N Out, lol.  It was my favorite burger joint  until I discovered Rocket Burger.  I visited the Camelback location, but was disappointed.  The food at the Metrocenter location is consistently good, however.

All in all, the burgers are great, and the varied menu and the special custard flavors keep things interesting.
Culver's has some good burgers! I'd say this is easily one of the top 5 burger joints in my book. Try the chedder butter burger and cheese curds! Service is always fast and friendly.
This is an Upgrade of "in n out" 
said by all 5 of the friends i came to eat with (2-24-12)

great burgers (even though i normally dont eat burgers)
quality in meat was exceptional as well as the service
but one thing really boosted my thought about this place
it was the thing that looked like ice cream lol
amazing.
Always friendly, ready to take your order and very clean. Food is great and especially love the deep fried curds and deserts.
Love this place!  Really great burgers is what gets me back here all the time.  The inside is always clean and the staff is good.  Food is always delivered to my table in a timely manner and it is hot and fresh.  The country music they play could be turned down a bit, but otherwise isn't too bad.  I haven't tried any of the frozen treats yet, but I hear they are great too.
Try the colbyjack burger. Greasy Yummy. Fries is ok.
I went here for lunch today and was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the Classic Double with fried cheese curds.  I was less than pleased with the confusing drive-thru situation and waiting time, but it was all ok once I got back to my office and saw/tasted the food.

The burger actually looks like it does in the picture and tasted just as great.  The burger was not too greasy, was full of flavor, and was held together perfectly with the bun thus no mess all over my desk and pants.  The cheese curds were also very good and pretty much what I expected from fried cheese.

I would definitely return.
I didn't hear about Culver's until a co-worker took us to lunch a few months ago. I had no idea it even existed until then! Anyways, over all, I liked it here, but here's a few bullet points I noticed while eating here today.

* the place is really clean, well stocked, and the staff was friendly.  I needed a few minutes to decide what I wanted despite there being a small line at the register area.

*they actually have a decent menu with fair pricing and I liked that they had a variety of food to choose from.  

*they seem to have a great selection of ice cream, which is cool! 

But, they seem to be a Christian themed type resturant.  I don't mind it, but I haven't been to a place like this in a while.  Just wanted to notate that!  They also have TV's in here as well, which is pretty cool.  I love watching the flatscreens while I wait for (and eat) my food!

Overall, I liked my food. I went with the burger and fries, and it was a okay.  I will probably return here in the future, and i usually hit it when I'm done hanging out at the library, which is how  I ended up here in the first place! Gotta love it!
Definitely a great eat here. I only tried Culver's a few months ago for the first time. It's a little bit pricey-er than other burger joints, but this place is worth it. My first experience was at the Paradise Valley location. It was a smaller store. This one is so much bigger and offers more seating. The hospitality and service are exceptional. Everyone smiles and is quite nice. The burgers are a delight! Also serves chicken and roast beef sandwiches. I would compare them to Lenny's Burgers but a little bit more fancy and classy when it comes to presentation. Will definitely be back.
Clean, great menu.  Kids get frozen custard included with a kids meal which is a nice touch.

4 stars instead of 5 because the staff is not as friendly as other Culvers I have been at.  Maybe something to do with the location of the restaurant.
I'm a devout fan of a particular burger place in the midwest that does not exist in Phoenix.  I missed it terribly, until I had my first burger from Culver's.  Now, I can head over to Culver's whenever I feel like one of those amazing burgers.  My only challenge is choosing between a butter burger, a reuben, a mushroom swiss burger, a pot roast sandwich or any number of other delicious things on their menu.

Oh yeah, they have great frozen custard.
First time eating here.
Ordered the Pot Roast sandwich with a side Caesar salad and drink totaling $8.

I couldn't believe how tiny the sandwich was, looked like a kids meal or something off the 99 cent menu. It tasted ok but you could tell it was microwaved meat.
Then the salad...... Opened it up took a look and noticed the lettuce was limp and wilted and the cherry tomatoes skin was wrinkled. I ended up throwing it out. Called the restaurant number on the receipt and complain to the manager who offered my money back. I told her I wasn't driving back to waste my time or money on their restaurant again.
No wonder why the place always looks empty. 
I won't be back.
Bad service today. Two registers open. One cashier taking multiple orders from one customer. The other cashier let someone cut in front of me then decided she was done waiting on customers. With a line out the door there was no manager around. I left without ordering.
Had the butter burger with cheese. It actually wasn't a bad burger. The onion rings weren't anything special, but they were good. Partner had the pot roast dinner. The pot roast was very tender and had a nice taste. The meat and mashed were loaded with gravy. If you don't like gravy, be sure to ask for it on the side. The green beans sucked. Hehe

I had the vanilla custard. It was tasteless to me. I'd rather have I've cream.

The staff was great.
Nice staff, solid frozen deserts, but food is standard fast-food fare.
I guess I'm used to Beef n Bun in San Diego as the shakes were good but not amazing like I was thought to think. The burger was good as I had the pepper grinder. Loved the bun. Cheese curds were alright. Would I come back..... Probably.. Would I go out of my way to come here over a place like in and out.. Nope..
So displeased! I was really looking forward to trying them out, menu looked good and they profess to have such high quality and yet I found trash in my food as I was nearly halfway done eating it. I asked to speak with the manager and they tried to pawn me off on a training shift supervisor who went in back to speak with the actual manager and came back to try to tell me the piece of rubber I found in the bbq pork was a tendon. I re-requested to speak with the manager and she was completely apathetic and said I could talk to the owner. The owner's answer was and I quote "I eat this all the time and have never gotten sick." They said, "It comes to us premade." Really?!?! Never made any suggestion that he would check the batch for more debris or that he would make the distributor aware there was a problem. They just went on serving it. It was when I said he can't serve this crap to people he told me to leave. I shiver in disgust! Worst quality and customer service I've ever seen.
The burgers are pretty yummy, but I come here for the delicious chocolate custard! YUM!
Very disappointed with my experience tonight. Ordered a walleye sandwich basket with cheese curds and a walleye dinner with two sides to go. When I returned home there were no cheese curds plus there was only one side with the dinner. 
Double check all your orders.
I'm very tough in grading just because I know quality and I know how my food should taste, fries are mushy not the best and the food in general doesn't look as appetizing as it does in the pictures way far from it, it barely had any lettuce the cheese isn't melted ? I mean I would prolly give it another chance with  another meal
After seeing a TV ad for this killer looking burger the other night I knew I had to stop in & try it.  This was my second visit ever to a Culver's, and the first to this one.

This was their "Pepper Grinder Pub Burger," along with which I had a Regular Crinkle Cut Fries and a Short Chocolate Malt.

The service here was super friendly from the moment I walked in the door, and the burger, fries and malt were all 5 Stars...  REALLY good!     :-))

Culver's here earns a spot among my very favorite burger places in the Valley, where a Pepper Grinder Pub Burger Basket with a malt is $9.09.
I visit Culver's at this location about once or twice a month, and usually get a single cheeseburger to go.  The employees are friendly, the service is great, and the interior (if I go in) is always clean.  

My rating here predominately reflects the chain's new " Pepper Grinder Pub Burger" which is getting a lot of TV promotion.  The commercials tout 'two burger patties, bacon, cheddar and Swiss cheese, and a peppercorn sauce.'  I couldn't resist trying it. 

I don't know what it is about Culver's, but their cheese is only visible on the outside of the bun.  When you open up the sandwich, there is no trace of it.  Either the cheese is so thin it "evaporates" during cooking, or maybe it has a high water content and converts to steam.  Anyway, for a burger with two cheeses - you cannot taste it unless you pull off a piece on the outside of the bun.  My Pub burger was so dry it was like chocking down a burger without cheese.  The same also applies to the "peppercorn sauce" - I could not see it or taste it, and that added to the dryness of the sandwich.  

Culver's is a little pricey (why I normally get a single cheeseburger), but the Pub burger is quite up there - ringing in at $5.69 and over $6.00 with tax.  I found it to be a big disappointment for the reasons above.  Culver's needs to remedy their 'disappearing cheese' and in the case of the Pub burger, not spray paint on the peppercorn sauce. It's a shame, the concept is good, but I won't buy this one again.
We got the double scoop soft serve and the chocolate shake... These things were amazing... Girlfriend definitely took one look and the whole top scoop fell in her lap in the drive thru... The girl working the window replaced it for free after a good chuckle... Awesome place.
Very good burgers and shakes. I would love to eat here a lot but it's a little too fattening...good to have every once in a while
Good gelato, awesome cannoli's. You just can't beat 'em.
Enzo's deserves 5 stars for the hospitality and for his authenticity. Enzo with his thick Italian accent greets you like he's known you for a long time. 

I came in for a quick snack and found myself sharing an espresso at the bar with Enzo talking about how gelato reminds him of home, Italy, and how much he loves sharing a taste of his culture with others.

I walked away with a new friend and with a delicious tub of pistachio and bacio gelato. Just a side note - I had to do a take-away because I didn't have any room for more after I tasted everything he had in the case. 

Enzo's Gelato and Bar will be a regular stop for me.
I have to agree with Jeffrey that Enzo is awesome! He immediately picked up on the fact that I love me some Gelato and all the sudden we are talking forever about Italy and Gelato! Such a sweetheart! I told him I have to come back and try his fresh canollies! That day I have the creme brulee Gelato! So good! Now, I have to say it's not the best Gelato I have ever had, but it still met my expectations! I would like to see a bigger selection and more fruity flavors. As far as customer service and friendliness though it was a great experience!
Enzo's is Chandler, Arizona's version of Cheers.  Enzo is Italian and the coffee bar really feels like one I've been in while visiting Italy.   Whether you want coffee, a gelato or a panino, you can't go wrong at Enzo's.  Come by some weekend evening and you will likely be able to join some of the regulars in an Italian card game.  Want to learn, or practice your Italian?  This the place!  The Phoenix Italian Language Meet Up group meets here on Saturday mornings.  Free wifi makes it an ideal place to work or study.  Live music on occassion is great.  Open 10-9 weekdays and 10-11 on weekends.  Go check out Enzo's Gelato & Coffee Bar, your first visit won't be your last!
I love Enzo's Gelato and Coffee Bar.  

First and foremost-the Gelato is awesome! My favorites are the strawberry and raspberry gelato. Last night I decided to get a latte and I am glad I did.  It was delicious. 

The owners are so friendly and really make the place special.   I highly recommend coming to Enzo's to meet up with your friends, hang out with family, or  if you want great gelato and fantastic coffee.

Bottom line:  this is a great little coffee bar with awesome gelato.
Cute little Italian run gelato store next to Rubio's and another frozen yogurt shop that is always busy. We wandered into this shop a few weeks back after a meal at Rubio's just to check it out. We have been on a gelato frenzy lately and are trying every place we can. 

Only a few flavors of gelato were out the day that we went, ten I think. The guy serving gelato had a thick Italian accent and was very friendly. I got three different flavors in their largest size; pistachio, coconut, and butter pecan. Someone else before us getting gelato told me that their cantaloupe was the best here. The prices are the cheapest here than any other gelato store I have been to. Which is a plus. The consistency of the gelato though is a little weird. Its kind of gummy. The flavor was just ok. I have had better elsewhere. I brought my leftovers home and stuck them in the freezer and ate the rest about two weeks later. The consistency was a lot better after being frozen.  

If you are looking for a new gelato experience and have not tried this place, I would check it out. Good prices and nice tasting gelato, just not my favorite.
Cute atmosphere, fun place to take kids too and wonderful Gelato! 

Really nice owner as well. Its nice to still see small owned business' with great customer service. :)
I went here tonight with the BF as a do over for last night's ice cream fiasco (in which we didn't end up eating a lot of ice cream). This place is very cute and Italian owned, which is always a plus. The BF and I shared a cup with strawberry and chocolate. The chocolate was good, with chunks of chocolate in it, I wasn't a huge fan of the strawberry. My main critique of this place is there was no coffee or espresso flavored gelato.... that is something I would have wanted. They do have coffee, however, so I got a latte and it was good. It had a strong coffee flavor... it wasn't my favorite coffee in the valley, but it is very nice to have with gelato. I would probably come back here if I were in the neighborhood.
Gelato: Meh... Dolce vita is way better. Pistachio tasted like Marzipan. 
Cannoli: Good
Latte: Yuck... I might have got a bad batch

Service and Conversation: Excellent!!
Mom and Pop store: Check
Total = 4 stars

Enzo is a nice lovely to talk to he engages you in conversation in true Italian form. 

I'd go back just for the conversation..
Great gelato in Chandler.  Although there aren't many flavors to choose from, the ones he has are great.  The 3 flavors I tried were all a home run with me.  I haven't tried anything other than gelato, but I plan on going back.  

Enzo happened to be serving us and he was a pleasure to speak with.  He is one heck of a nice guy.  This is the kind of business I would rather support. Ciao!
Having lived in Europe for a decade, and having been a frequent traveler to Italy - I have a large basis of comparison for Gelato.  Despite the fact that Enzo hails from Bella Italia, I was disappointed in the texture and flavor of the Gelato.  In European Gelatterias, the texture is so light that it virtually melts in your mouth.  Whether it is Chocolocate Hazelnut or Lemon, the consistency is nothing like the heavy ice cream we enjoy in the states.  Furthermore, when enjoying a fruit based gelato in Europe, you can see the seeds from the strawberry, taste the lemon peel from the lemon, or the raisins and rum in the "malaga."  I want to love Enzo's gelato, but I did not.  The texture was very heavy, much too creamy and thick.  I sampled the lemon, strawberry, banana, and "Bacio."  I am a huge fan of the chocolate hazelnut (Bacio), but it tasted half as good as what I have enjoyed in other gelatterias.  Overall, the flavors were much more bland than I expected, and my tastebuds did not get the sense that they were being greeted by fresh ingredients.

Prices, however, are so reasonable.  You can get a large serving for $3.99, $1.99 for a small.

Aside from the gelato, Enzo does offer croissants and cannolis.  I tried both!  Loved the decadent croissant with the Nutella, and for only $2 it was so worth it.  The cannoli was also priced very reasonably and was light and crunchy on the outside and filled with a semi-sweet cream on the inside.

Milkshakes, smoothies, Illy espresso, and numerous coffee drinks are available here - so it is a nice spot to come and sit at the bar, chat with Enzo, and sip an espresso.

Would I come here for gelato?  Sorry to say, no.
I have been here a few times now and I have always left happy.  I'm pretty sure the owner and his wife are the one's working and they are always so nice.  Once we were there when a little live music was being performed.  It was pleasant!

The gelato is good and they have a selection of around a dozen or so.  A mixture of typical flavors and odd ones too.  This is just down the street from me, but even if it was a little farther away I would still come here.
Love the gelato and Enzo!
We love Enzo's!! Best gelato and cannolis (YUM!) I think there are plenty of flavors to choose from this isn't a 31 flavors ice cream shop so if that's what your looking for go somewhere else ;) The quality is very good as well as the service. Enzo always remembers us and is always engaging in conversation with his customers. This is always a great experence to come back to Enzo's.
I came strictly for gelato. Intrigued by their cafe. Would like to try an espresso drink from here. I had the pistachio gelato. Sampled the straciatella..which was good, too. Just had a hankering for pistachio that night. Service was extremely warm and friendly. Family owned. Felt like I was at a friend's house, just chatting, and eating gelato.
*Update* I've been here a couple more times from my original/first visit.  The gelato, service and family feel have been consistent.  Adding their affogato to my "to do" list.
I only tried the ice cream. I had a medium cup with Baccio (not that good), Creme Brulee (YES!) and Biscotto (again YES!). These original flavors did my night!

The 4th star is for Enzo, who had no problem like any southern Italian to have a nice chat.
Love this place. I kid you not their mango gelato is to die for. The best thing I've ever had. I love Enzo too he is very sweet and the shop has a good vibe. I recommend it.
Fabulous gelato made by a wonderful mom and pop shop. Great people, exceptional gelato, and an amazing atmosphere.  Bypass the DQ or chain ice cream and go here for a real treat!!
Had a great visit here with my 9 year old this afternoon. He loved the gelato and we had a good time playing the mini foosball game that was out on the table. Very friendly owner, clean seating area and great music. We will be back.
Awesome I love this place
Best gelato in the area...but nothing beats the flavor of culture and atmosphere Enzo brings to Chandler. Family owned and operated, cheery, quaint, and tasty place you could easily find yourself stopping in every day - even if just to say hello. Get the pistacchio with baccio.  :)
What a great stop and end to a busy Sunday. The Gelato here is great. The Sea Salt Caramel is " deadly."

Enzo himself has a great charm which shines through as a result this little dive spot has strong character and cozy atmosphere.
We read other help reviews and decided to head to Enzo's last night! What a great place! The gelato was awesome, and the service was just as great! Enzo let us try as many samples as we wanted, and when we decided he filled that cup over the top! Yum! The Bacio flavor is delicious. We also had the mixed fruit was was homemade. I've had many gelato spots in my time and this place was a hit. Latte was great too! A must visit no matter where you live in the valley.
If you wish you were back in Italy or you are looking forward to going, Enzo's is what you need.

The guy behind the counter is from Calabria and he and his wife met in Rome.  There are Italian soccer scarfs hanging on the wall and occasionally an Italian movie or Serie A game on the television.  It is very typical to hear a group of Italians speaking Italian or even some Americans trying their best.  There is occasionally live music being played and there are various art and film events in the evenings that you can stumble in on.

If you go to Enzo's, your coffee will be made by Enzo, himself, and it will be made with care.  It is likely his wife will be there, too, if you are there in the evening.  The lunch deal is a steall and is available at all hours.  You get a nice grilled panino and a simple, but tasty salad for less than $4, I think.

There are not as many gelato options as some of the chains, but there is always something for everyone.  Don't over look the Cannoli.  I often choose the mini-cannoli over the gelato, especially with the cofffee.

Wi-Fi is free, too.
I find mom and pop stores great. One's that are run by the actual mom and pop? - Priceless! Enzo and his wife are a wonderful breath of fresh air. It's great place to go if you'd like to practice your Italian, chat with someone about something completely random, or grab a gelato. I suggest the sweet cream with dark chocolate. Now they call it something like "straticolli", but in reality, it's sweet cream with dark chocolate chunks. Bellismo!!!
I gave Enzo's a second chance today after dinner as I haven't been since I wrote my first review. Boy am I ever glad I did! 

I tried their dairy free fruit flavors today. Let me tell you. The cantaloupe and the watermelon are simply amazing. So many times I have had dairy free gelato and it just tastes like ice. Not here. They are creamy and dreamy, fruity and delicious. Their prices are also crazy cheap, and the staff is super friendly. 

I'm totally ditching the other place I usually get dairy free gelato at and coming to Enzo's anytime I need a gelato fix. YUM!
How can you not love a lil' ol' Italian man scooping out gelato and regaling you with tales from the old country? I couldn't understand a god damn thing he said, but man he was nice - and he gave me salted caramel gelato - fuck yes.  The place is small, but awesome - it's family own/run/oriented.  Pretty sure they have a baseball bat behind the counter to club any nay say'ers.  You've been warned.
Holy goodness! The vanilla and salted caramel are amazing! Order an espresso and put it over the vanilla, it will be a party in your mouth.
This review may be somewhat out of place because I did not try the gelato nor the coffee. The review comes because I am disgusted at how their "mom and pop" attitude was expressed in a very immature and passive-aggressive manner.

My husband and I took my 2 year old out for a treat after dinner. We didn't even see Enzo's as we parked by the Zoyo and stopped there for froyo. We were seated near Enzo's, happily enjoying our froyo when a young, hipster girl came out of Enzo's, walked past us, then whipped around, threw a folded sheet of paper at us, and said "ENJOY your YOGURT!!" and went back inside.

My husband opened the paper and began reading an article about Froyo bars, bacteria growth, lab results, etc., etc. (Shall I mention that the paper that it was printed on had coffee stains and dried spatters of what I assume to be gelato, since it's apparent that they re-use this paper often). My husband folded the paper back up when he was done reading, finished his froyo, and kindly returned their obviously-valuable piece of paper. As soon as my husband opened the door, this hipster-girl SHOUTED out to the owner, rolled her eyes, and walked into the back room. The owner came out and immediately nodded his head and held his hand out to my husband - not to shake his hand but to take his paper back. My husband explained to the business owner that, while he appreciates the dump of information, he didn't appreciate it being thrown down at us (it nearly landed in my son's froyo cup) or did he feel that his approach to "gaining business" (rather, bad attention) was appropriate. The business owner interrupted my husband and said "Well, if not for you, then for the health and safety of your poor child." Excuse me? My poor child??.... My husband kindly responded "My poor child is perfectly fine with an occasional treat, whether it's froyo or otherwise. He WON'T ever be treated to Enzo's Gelato, however, especially after the way you handled a little bit of business competition." The hipster and what appeared to be her friend burst out laughing and mocked my husband; he was so taken aback at their poor professionalism that he couldn't even continue any sort of semi-intelligent conversation and we simply left.

I have to say that as a fellow small business owner, attempting to gain business by bashing your neighboring businesses is a poor way to foster growth. I was absolutely disgusted that they would even THINK to treat a non-customer (or what could have been a potential customer) in the manner in which they felt was appropriate; very poor judgment and tact on behalf of the business owner as well as the snotty girl whom he enlisted to throw a dirty, germ-ridden paper at my family. I would not recommend this place to anyone under any circumstances.
I am bummed that this place closed.  The gelato was really really good and Enzo was fun to talk with.  The coconut gelato was the best!
New pizza place at the Wynn, named appropriately enough...Pizza Place!  Not sure, but I believe this was the site of the old Sugar & Ice as it's located at the end of the esplanade.

Nicely done, casual place which still somehow manages to fit nicely into the Wynn theme...great place to pop in for a quick bite or to talk business.  Pizza wasn't authentically Italian to the level of say, A16 in San Francisco, but not bad at all, especially hot out of the oven.  

Interesting...I just took a look at the Wynn website and they list Pizza Place as the finest New York style pizza.  My initial impression when I was there had been that they were striving to be more authentically Italian than New York.

Reasonably priced pizza at the Wynn?  Definitely a sign of the times.
I was so sad to see Sugar & Ice had been replaced by Pizza Place at the end of the Esplanade. Before thoroughly scouting the menu, I remember letting out a shrieking "NOOOOOOOO!" in fear I would not be getting my tomato bisque fix. Hungover, starving, and grumpy from a lack of sleep, my heart sunk. Whyyyy?? WHYYYYYYY?!

That is...until my friend shook me back into reality, pointed at the menu, and said "SOUP!! TOMATO SOUP!" 

Hell. Freakin. Yes. A light at the end of a tunnel.

$5 for a hearty bowl of blissful cure after a night of drunken debauchery is just what the doctor ordered. Throw on a couple of $2 meatball parmigiana sliders and you've got yourself quite a lunch. This must have been the cheapest lunch I've ever had in Vegas, especially considering this was the Wynn and you're surrounded by nothing but upscale and classy restaurants. 

It was a bit chilly that day, but I couldn't resist grabbing a seat on the outdoor patio in front of the majestic waterfall. Thank goodness for heating lamps. The food slowly came out (and by slowly, I mean slooooowlyyyy), but alas, everyone received their orders and we began stuffing our faces silly.

The sliders were a hit! For $2 a piece, that's practically free in Vegas. Each bite melted into a mushy, meaty, cheesy surprise. I especially loved the bagel-like bread they used. The tomato soup was a generous portion, topped with bits of croutons. I even sprinkled a handful of parmesan cheese for that extra kick. I could die a happy woman after this meal.

The pizza was a bit interesting. The Carne (which consisted of pepperoni, sausage, and ham) had one slither of sausage. That's right...a slither. Strange, no? Same with the Meatball pizza. Unless this is a new style of the thin-crusted Italian delicacy, I'd recommend skipping it. They still serve gelato like Sugar & Ice did, but the weather wasn't working in my favor to taste this sweet treat. 

If you want a comforting and tasteful bite for lunch without having to break your bank, definitely check this place out...and get the sliders! They're amazing. Don't forget to check out the gorgeous view on the patio.
OMG, I am not usually a New York style pizza fan, but this is AMAZING. I saw the advertisement when I was getting ready in my room at the Wynn. 9 times out of 10 dining at the Wynn is a huge disappointment, but the dumb commercial left me craving pizza, so I figured I'd check it out. Plus it's pretty cheap so I figured if it sucked, I'd just pitch it. I ordered a slice of cheese and a slice of veggie. The slices were huge and both were great, with a very light, pleasantly crisp crust. The sauce was just right with a mild sweetness the way I like it. It was so good, that we left to play blackjack and craps, but couldn't stop thinking about the pizza so we came back a few hours later. We ordered a 12 inch pizza but decided that the slices were better, so we ordered a couple slices and took the 12 inch home with us. 

Pay attention when you're at the register though. I ordered 2 slices, but the lady rang up 3. I informed her and she said OK, but she proceeded to charge me $17 (slices are 5.50) and didn't give me a receipt. I had to ask for the receipt and point out to a manager that I only ordered 2 slices, but was charged for 3. The manager refunded the difference but the lady who rang it up wrong was acting all annoyed with me, like I was the one who did something wrong.

UPDATE: We came back in Jan of 2011 and the pizza was not as good. The bottom was more limp and doughy, not crisp like before, so I guess this place is inconsistent or maybe it has to do with the weather affecting the dough.
A pizza place in the Wynn.  An interesting idea.  If you need a quick bite or are looking to save some money this is a good place to eat.  Ideal for lunch.  The views of the water features outside are great.

The pizza is good.  Not quite authentic New York, but its as close as you are going to get any where near the west coast.  I tried the carne with pepperoni, sausage and ham.  It was pretty good.  The crust is super thin.

I also tried the garlic knots.  They are just ok.  They lack that strong garlic flavor.
Very good pizza with a great setting at the Wynn. The most affordable place at the Wynn, yet doesn't sacrifice on taste. A must if you want some quality food real quick.

I had the veggie pizza with garlic fries and a coke. It was excellent.
Good place to get a quick bite if you stay at Wynn Hotel.  You place your order at the cashier, put your order number tag on the table and the waiter deliver your food to your table.

Relatively inexpensive when compared to other restaurant inside the hotel.  Nice view to a man-made water fall just outside.  They have outdoors sittings, great in Spring and Fall, too cold in Winter and too hot in Summer.
It was our last day in Vegas, and I didn't want to empty out my bank account for a last meal. I wanted to walk around the Wynn and did a search... up popped Pizza Place! 

Definitely not a place I'd expect to be in the Wynn, but it was a nice surprise. A small little pizza parlor tucked away in the hotel with a nice view of a waterfall. Casual place, but a classy Wynn-y casual. 

We got the veggie pizza and pesto pizza, garlic parmesan fries, and the tomato soup that Michelle W. raved about. The slices were huge and the crust was just the right amount of crunchy. Definitely went really well with my soup! The flavors were done just right, though my veggie pizza could have done with a smaller amount of olives, and more veggies. The tomato soup was a little sweet for my taste, but it wasn't bad. The fries were garlic-y and parmesan-y. Great! I'd definitely come again.
As many have mentioned, this pizza joint is so out of place! BUT as pizza addicts, the bf & I had to stop by (we stayed at the Encore) and put in our two cents. Cheese pizza, while totally underrated, is by far the best way to judge pizza. You can't mask the flavor of the tomato sauce, quality and consistency of the melted cheese, and the crisp thinness of the crust. 

With that said, the cheese pizza here was quite impressive! Large, thin slice with just  the right crisp and texture. We wouldve totally given 4 stars but the pizza was just way too greasy. It was literally sweating which is a total turnoff for me. You can pack a lot of flavor without over greasing the slice. Anyhow come by and try it when you're in town even if you just ate the Wynn buffet (like we did!).
I heart pizzas! So the girls and I were starrrving before a night out and we needed a quick bite (since we took like 4 hrs getting ready lol) 

Pizza Place was perfect for that, such a cute place. I had a cheese pizza.. (yeah I'm boring) the rest had the pesto pizza which I think they enjoyed because we were all super quiet munchin on our pizzas...The crushed red peppers weren't all that spicy so make u sure u pile a lot on!  P.S. and the pizza slices are big! 

Definitley good for groups and kids! They have tv's all around a inside you get a great view of on of the Wynn's waterfalls. :) The Wynn is gorgeous.
The slice of carne (pepporoni, sausege and cappy happy) is the simply delicious.
Steve Wynn himself threw down the gauntlet on the in-room TV service when he scoffed at being compared to New York style pizza, and said he was setting out to do one better. When you make that kind of claim, you better back it up, or at least make it respectable.

Nope. Serving a slice of pizza as big as your head doesn't make it good. The pizza reeked of that same old game: "We try to be like NY pizza but we fail miserably at it." It's infinitely more disappointing than a bad pizza shop that does it their own way. But if you're doing to imitate something, at least get it right. 

Anyway, the one saving grace is that their chicken wings were actually good! Very good amount of heat, more than I expected, and they were at least a bit crispy - something that shocked me. Out here I've become used to the sogfests that they try to pass off as "crispy" wings!
Probably one of the cheapest eateries in the Wynn/Encore establishment. Sorry folks, you won't find Panda Express or a McDonald's in here but you can try that $10 Circus Circus buffet down the street if you're on a serious budget. 

From our room, we watched the hotel's food channel that describes each dining options in Steve Wynn's arsenal. When he talked about the Pizza Place (located at the beginning of Wynn's indoor shopping row), he claimed to have brought NY style pizza to Sin City. 

The pizza here is thin crust. So if you're a fan of that, then that should gain a slight favor from you. Although, the crust itself can use some help. It was just too doughy and dry. I had a slice of the meatball pizza. It was a nice sized slice but only to be topped off with two measly pieces of meatballs. They had a deal where I got that with some garlic fries for about $8. Fries were quite oily. My friend had a sandwich with a simple salad and the tomato soup.

Top all that with an almost $4 refillable fountain drink, total came out to about $30 something. Don't ask but just remember which hotel you are dining at. It was a simple dinner and I didn't expect much. I just knew it was going to get pricey eventually. 

Overall, the pizza was decent. Nothing outstanding here but just take it as a quick fix. BTW, the place does get packed especially after Le Reve lets out, so while one of you is ordering, the other should grab a table. They also do take out and you can take a whole box of pizza pie as well.
they dont deliver up to the rooms.  bummer.  so we had to order an hour ahead and then go pick it up.  and the large pizzas are HUGE.  the girls who went to go pick them up got quite a few comments lugging the pizzas through the casinos.  they should just deliver.

the thin crust pizzas were good.  we got veggie, which had nothing green on them, cheese, and then meat.  we also got two salads.  everything was pretty good. 

we ended up eating cold pizza again after a night of drinking.  two meals for the price of one!  kind of ...
The pizza here is just so-so.  They claim to have excellent New York style pizza that rivals the East coast, but they fall far far FAR short of that mark.  We tried the carne and the meatball.  Both were alright.  Nothing spectacular.  If the pizza were cheaper and if they weren't making such huge claims, I probably would have tacked on another star.
C'mon... inexpensive food with a 5-star setting. How unpretentious!

I don't even know if the pizza was good because we were hungry as heck! We ate everything and could not believe the Wynn Resort would devote this view to this type of restaurant. It is hard enough to find an inexpensive meal on the strip but here you can enjoy the waterfalls and evening 'thunderstorms'. 

Loved it.
Pizza was just OK. Have high expectations  when places try to beat New York pizza. Ice cream also was OK. Have had better gelato. Think it was more ice cream than gelato. The best thing I got was the argula salad with prosciutto. Would definitely go back for that.
$30+ for two slices of pizza, a Ceaser salad, smoothies & pelligrino. Still the cheapest food here. Yikes! Pizza was good and decent size but I still left a little hungry.
I did not expect anything of this pizza place. We were hungry but not that much as we wanted to splurge on high-profile restaurants. So we dropped by this place and I was surprised.

I had a slice of pesto and carne.  The carne was just ok, but the pesto was very good. 3 stars.

The service was slow, but outside tables by the side of the water falls were very nice, so I will add another star.
So according to the "Steve Wynn Guided resort tour" on the TV in our room, they set up "The Pizza Place" to rival any NY pizza.  Hearing that, we decided to try it.  

It's been about 5 years since I've had a slice of NY pizza so I can't really tell you if it lived up to the challenge but I can say that it was very, very good pizza. 

We got a veggie slice and a meatball slice.  True to NY standards they were large so 2 slices were enough to satisfy both of us.  

The veggie was a little weak on veggies--a few slices of roasted red pepper, a couple mushroom slices, a few olive slices, a bit of onion--but it was tasty; the crust was crisp and thin, the sauce was tangy and the red peppers were full of flavor.

The meatball was also a little light on well, meatball...2 or 3 slices of a medium meatball.  But again the crust and sauce were good and the meatball was loaded with taste.

We wanted to go back to have more pizza and try their risotto mozzarella sticks but we never made it...maybe next time.
Off the beaten path...err, Esplanade!

Pizza Place is totally a gem of a resto that doesn't get hit really hard by everyone coming down the elevators from their rooms to that very first cafe.  It's a little bit of a walk, but the food and view is worth it, not to mention, it doesn't get crowded.

I've eaten here twice this week, both times for breakfast.  The first day, I tried out their Breakfast Croissant.  For $9.50 is a buttery, flakey and huge croissant with egg, cheese and bacon.  This isn't your ordinary breakfast sandwich, you have to eat it with a fork and knife!

The second time around, I tried out their Italian Frittata.  For $12.50 (I think it was?) it was alright.  I guess I'm just not the Frittata type.  Basically it was an omelet with all the toppings right on top.  It had italian sausage, mushrooms, onions, bell pepper and mozzarella cheese.

Coffee is served in this huge tub of a cup and is refillable.

Sitting outside on the patio is a pretty awesome way to start off the morning with that sun hitting you while you sit next to this huge waterfall.

Service was always very polished and friendly, then again, it's the Wynn, everyone is very polished and friendly!
I was told this was the best pizza in the west coast. 
It was alright in my opinion. We ordered a large and split it among 8 of us? It wasn't very filling but we had plans to eat else where. 

40 dollars for the pizza? but slices were HUGE! 

I wouldn't mind eating here again, but it certainly wouldn't be somewhere that I'd go out of my way again to eat.
DELICIOUS FOOD!

We ordered:
Roasted Chicken breast sandwich with a choice of side salad or side dish (i got the side salad) 12.99
Side order of Garlic and Parmesan fries 4.99
Side order of Meatballs $4.99

Garlic fries and meatballs were amazing!!!! 
Meatballs were fresh, if your a meatball lover please do yourself a favor and visit this place for a bite.

Gellato was also amazing chocolate and coconut were both very tasty for desert.

Beautiful layout in the beautiful Wynn atmosphere which has a deck to eat on near a waterfall and nice lights.  Inside was very easy going also, which have some TV's to watch your favorite sports on.  

Good stuff must visit trust me you will love it
Sugar & Ice had been replaced by Pizza Place at the end of the Esplanade. When was this?!

We grabbed a quick bite to eat before heading out to Encore Beach club since we learned our lesson the day before: to eat.

A slice of pizza is around $5. We grabbed some slices, which took forever to get!  I thought it was a quick, ready to heat up type of place, since the pizzas were obviously in the window display.  I guess they decide to make the dough on the spot :P jk!

Free refills! So if you were dehydrated as much as I was since I didn't have a drink in my hands, then do not fear!

Plenty of seats and cheaper than most places in Vegas if you are on a budget!!!
When picking up rando couples in Vegas, this is a good place to eat before joining them for a topless afternoon at the European pool.

Meatball sliders?  Great idea!  Too much oregano.

Pizza - Nice crust, but not "as good as anything you'd get in New York" as promised by Steve Wynn on my tv.  Import the water and try again.

I did not try the chicken sandwich but my companions made much ado about whatever stinky cheese was on it.  (Smelled like asiago to me, they hated it, I bet I would have liked it but the olives kept me away.)

Espresso was good, but not as good as what I got in the Venetian.  Also, WHY would you put a macchiato in a cappucino mug?  WHHHHYYY?   Cupware fail.

Mango gelato was lovely but could have been richer.

Okay, this is really a three star experience, but if you score one of the few tables by the waterfall on the patio in the back.... POOF!   Four stars.

(Five stars when you learn the rando couple you picked up is buying, but I can't credit Pizza Place for that.)
Quick, reasonably inexpensive food. Lines can be a drag if you are in a hurry. Pizza was better than I expected. Outdoor seating by the man made water fall was nice. In a hurry and need a quick bite- hit them up.
This place was okay. I had the chicken sandwich, which was pretty dry. I had to ask for a side a ranch just to swallow it. Their chicken wings were super spicy, but pretty good.

As for their french fries, tasted old. It wasn't crispy at all. Sandwiches are around $12 or so.

I didn't get the chance to try their pizza.
Pizza Place is at the very beginning of the Esplanade @ The Wynn on the way to the bridge to Palazzo Hotel. Can't miss it. It's right by the entrance.

I ordered the pizza slice/fries/drink combo. Had the meatball pizza with garlic fries. The pizza slice was huge. Not a bad pizza at all. A little crunch to it... It was a good, fairly inexpensive snack @ The Wynn so I'm not complaining... Pizza was tasty and the meatball cut thin. The garlic fries were delish & served with ribbons of light cheese. It was just right in accompanying the pizza slice as a meal.

We sat inside to watch  a game because they showed sports on multiple TVs but there is outdoor seating and there is a small waterfall outside for a nice view... Good, quick, satisfying meal. There's a booth right outside Pizza Place to register for the Wynn Players Club. I signed up and they give you $25 free play... Won $100 on some Wheel of Fortune slots. Not mad at that... Thank you. Be back soon.
Oh, Mr. Wynn...you lure me in to this establishment with your promises of New York style pizza of the same caliper as your hotel, and what I found instead was practically inedible. I took one bite of my vegetarian slice and knew I wasn't at Lombardi's in Little Italy. Heck, I wasn't even at Johnnie's on Santa Monica Blvd.

An extra star because it's a very nice joint to dine in (for a pizza place), service is friendly, and if you time it right you can watch not only NFL football and World Series baseball, but George Brett going ballistic on ESPN Classic.
Nestled past Dior, Alexander McQueen, and all those Manolos is Pizza Place. Upon first look this place is spacious, clean, and looks like a place you can sit down and really have a great lunch which luckily is exactly what happened. 

Unfortunately it was a bit too cold out or I would have definitely sat on the patio overlooking the waterfall which obviously contains the best seats in the house on a warm summer day. 

When you walk in the counter is on the left side, sporting a refrigeration unit full of gelato (if I wasn't so full I would have gotten some!). They currently have a lunch deal where you can get a 12-inch pizza, a salad, and a side for $24.50. Kind of steep, but here's the best part: they have vegan cheese! And it's not Daiya, it's Teese. Now Daiya right now is the #1 vegan cheese since it's soy-free, easy to find, and tastes delicious but damn it if Teese isn't gunning for the top spot. If I could find it in grocery stores like I can with Daiya, it would be a very difficult decision to make. 

Anywho, we got a veggie vegan pizza (olives, red peppers, baby bella mushrooms, and onion), a house salad, and garlic knots sans cheese & butter. 

The garlic knots were good, but could stand to be a LOT more garlicky, and 4 of them instead of 3 would have been nice. The marinara that came with it was decent. The salad was alright but a bit small; I didn't like the vinaigrette all that much. But the pizza... oh the pizza. All the toppings tasted SO fresh, especially the mushrooms and the Teese is probably the best cheese substitute I have ever put in my mouth. All Matt could ask is where we could buy some! I wish I could have eaten more of the pizza but 2.5 slices was all I could do. 

$24.50 isn't so bad for two people to enjoy a meal in a nice environment. We both left pretty satiated. I will definitely be back to have more of that pizza, and maybe give Matt more pizza so I can try some vegan gelato ;)
The price for a slice is about $6 but it is a big slice and great value, especially for the Wynn. There are tv's where you can catch sports and plenty of tables.

The pizza itself is drenched in oil but I used a napkin to soak it up. After I took a bite I have to admit that the pizza was tasty. It isn't the best pizza you'll ever have but you're in Vegas paying $6, what can you expect? Especially in the Wynn.

The smoothies are more expensive and gelato is also served here. They are fairly mediocre.
Starvation brought me and my girlfriend. We went inside Wynn's Pizza Place because it was the only place that was not elitist aka economically segregated (their buffet costs $69 per person). It was a joke, a big slap to the po' people. The waiters and all the employees looked like Resident evil Zombies except they don't attack you. We ordered a vegetable pizza with pepperoni, ceasar salad and two drinks. The cashier could not do basic math in his head (divide the total price 34.05 by two). The other cashier looked at my Italia jacket and knew that they were in trouble. They told us that the food would be ready in 20 minutes. They gave us our $4 fountain drinks (It was a McDonalds Small, their only size). They then gave us our ceasar salad which seriously I could make since the romaine lettice was all the salad. They gave us a pepperoni pizza, funny thing is I could have sworn my girlfriend who is more vocal than I told them that she wanted a vegetable pizza with pepperoni. The pizza was not good. It was greasy and could be made at Sbarro. In the end don't go to this rip off if you are starving.
LOCATION LOCATION ! Inside the beautiful Wynn is a casual place where you can sit on a wonderful patio by the Waterfall, and at night the heaters hang right over your table giving warmth to everyone ! Food- had just a simple plate of tomato slices with mozzarella cheese and balsamic- it was a very tasty late night treat that did not feel like I was eating "bad" !! I will definitely be back - great spot, clean, uses real silverware and service is very friendly and helpful!
Located in the Wynn Esplanade (shopping area).  Closest to the south entrance off the strip near the pedestrian bridges of Palazzo and Fashion Show Mall.  

It's a nice place with an upscale cafe/deli atmosphere.  There is additional seating outside on the patio overlooking a large waterfall.  All of the flat screen TV's are tuned into sports which is nice if you want to catch the game.  Oh yeah, free wi-fi and it is blazing fast!

A fairly decent choice of foods.
Deserts.  Next time I might try the gelato or a sundae.  
Salads.
Sandwiches.
Pizza.  
Sides.  The buffalo wings and garlic knots looked good.
Soup.
Coffee.
Beer.   
Wine.  

The grilled chicken wrap was tasty.   It came with a choice of fries or house salad.  With a bottled water the total was $16.  It is a bit pricey, but affordable in comparison to most of the other dining options at the Wynn/Encore.
I brought some ladies here for National Vegan Pizza Day and we shared a giant 22" veggie pizza made vegan.  They use the Chicago Soy Dairy brand of vegan cheese (Teese) here.  This is one of the best vegan pizza cheezes.  It melts well and is also tasty!  AND you can't even buy it anywhere else in town, so it's a real treat to find it here.

If you check my pix, you'll see that the pizza was gigantic, and the four of us were stuffed (we even had a slice left over).  The veggie came with roasted red peppers, roasted onions, kalamata olives (way to class it up Wynn!), and mushrooms.  

We all really enjoyed it (including the non-vegan amongst us), and at ~$40 with tax and tip, it wasn't terribly expensive split four ways.  It's not pizza hut cheap, but then again, it actually tasted good.

We dined outside on the patio by the lovely fake waterfall and stream.  It was a warmish day, but they still had the outdoor heaters going, which was nice since we were in the shade.

Pizza Place has several other vegan offerings that I am excited to try, including zeppole, fruit sorbets and a Tofu "Parmesan" (I'm guessing that means parmagiana-style) Sandwich.

Free refills on sodas! Which is only fair when they run $3.50 a pop. (see what I did there?! HA!)

Great option for fairly inexpensive vegan dining in a very expensive casino.  MUCH more bang than Stratta for your vegan buck.
My wife and I stopped here on a couple of occasions during our stay at the Wynn. The first time we only wanted dessert and opted for the gelato. We've only had gelato a couple times, but this was good and very refreshing on a hot Vegas day.

The second time we visited we had lunch. We decided to split a caesar salad and each get a slice of their New York-style pizza. Everything came out at the same time, which was find with us. The salad was chilled and the pizza was hot, both like they should be. My wife had the cheese pizza and I had the Carne pizza (basically a meat-lovers). They also had soups and sandwiches on the menu, but as the name says they are known for the pizza.

The atmosphere is very casual with about a dozen TVs. There is both indoor and outdoor seating, with the outdoor seating having a view of a waterfall and pond (not the Lake of Dreams like a previous review said).
Having had the absolute hardest time finding vegan options in Vegas, my boyfriend and I were excited to learn that the owner of the Wynn, who is Vegan, has made sure that there is at least one Vegan option at all the restaurants in his hotel. After looking up some reviews of Pizza Place, we decided to try it, seeing as vegan pizza is one of our favorite foods. 
    We walked over and found the place located near many of the high end shops in the Wynn's lovely shopping area. I was delighted to find we had walked by this place earlier in the day and I had commented how cute and fun I thought it looked. Unfortunately that's where the good feelings ended. We were then forced to wait in a line that was moving so slow that for a long time it appeared to not be moving at all. The line was not to get a table, but rather to order the food. The 12" plain vegan cheese pizza which came with garlic knots (which can be prepared vegan) was whopping $24.95. The wait for the food to be prepared wasn't that terrible, since we were told that the vegan pizza would take longer to prepare, we were prepared for the wait. The garlic knots were brought out, and to our dismay, when they are prepared vegan they don't have any garlic on them, so we were left with flavorless and not that soft knots of bread. The pizza arrived and although the vegan cheese was good, the crust and sauce were nothing to brag about. It was bland and forgettable. 
     The bottom line:  this place was overpriced and the food was nothing special.
Grade: F

Small hairs in our gelato. Gross. So very gross. Pizza was good, new York style. Cheese pizza, meaty, & mushroom pizzas were all fine but our experience was ruined after finding hair on our gelato. Wow. 

Complained nicely to the main food manager, Matthew,  and he was very professional & understanding. He gave us a food credit for the mishap, but as it was a sanitary issue, there is just no excuse from a 5-star venue. I will write a separate review on Wynn which will include the prompt response from Matthew.

People will eat here nevertheless, as it's easy, quick and affordable. But just make sure you look at your food before you eat! Restaurants are hard and these things happen everywhere, but when you are a part of a 5-star establishment, the standards are higher. Look before you eat is all I have to say! Ick!
three kinds of people come here. 

- too lazy to leave wynn/encore property 
- too poor to dine at other restaurants at wynn/encore 
- too drunk to realize where they are 

one common thread among them 

- too naive to be conned by steve wynn's infomercial, claiming "pizza place serves the best pizza outside of new york." apparently, he needs to get out of vegas more often.
Pros:
- pizza made fresh upon ordering.
- pretty dining indoor and outdoor area.
- friendly service.
- fresh pizza. thin crust with great flavor.
- reasonably priced.

Cons:
- pizza made fresh upon order = there will be a little wait before your food is brought out

It's all right.  It's just pizza.   They serve gelato here, too.  There is a patio where you can be seated next to a waterfall as far as I know, but it was kinda chilly out, so, no thanks.   Overall, a nice joint for a quick meal.  
Hrmm..the fries look good.
I love this random pizzeria/restaurant in the Wynn hotel in Las Vegas.

They not only have really GOOD pizza that's true to New York style, but they also have...

-breakfast and brunch
-good salads
-great desserts including gelato
-other Italian sandwiches
-free wifi for hotel guests
-really good sangria
-patio seating with waterfall/garden views

It's out-the-ass expensive ... but it's Vegas, what do you expect?

Lunch deal is pretty good -- slice of your choice (any variety) and a side (either salad, fries, or garlic knots) for $8.
The most inexpensive place to eat at the Wynn. 

According to Mr. Wynn the Pizza Place gives NY style pizza a run for its money. I beg to differ. 

I was really expecting the pizza to be excellent. It was only okay. You can order a pie or by the slice, start with a simple cheese pizza and add on ingredients and price. 

I had a "cheese" pizza with pepperoni, onions, and peppers. First of all I expected the peppers to be green but they were red. I also expected the ingredients finely chopped, they weren't.

The pizza itself was good but a little too greasy for me. With nothing but a fancy napkin to blot it with, I just didn't blot. The slices are big so that's a plus.

Also tried their basic vinaigrette salad which was okay, again not the best and the dressing wasn't mixed that well against the greens (come on people).

My favorite thing here was their iced tea that had a hint of passion tea but wasn't sweet. 

Due to the wind outside we were forced to sit inside and were not able to enjoy the sounds of the waterfalls outside.
We had the meatball pizza, and it was pretty good. Unfortunately, the crust was undercooked and not golden brown at all. It wasn't doughy inside, but the paleness of an unbrowned pizza crust is not very appetizing to me. Plenty of cheese on top, though, so yay for that.

Regardless of the rather disappointing pizza, I would return again if only to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful view of the pond and waterfalls! So beautiful and relaxing. Hard to believe this place faces The Strip. You can't hear any traffic, or see anything that hints to the mad metropolis waiting just beyond those trees. 

One star for the food, 2 stars for the patio view!
Probably the least expensive dining option at the Wynn. Best NY style pizza i have had outside of the real NY. And I'm a New Yorker.

First time we went was our first night in Vegas. Trying to grab a quick bite after seeing a show. We ate outside on the patio and ate our slices next to the pretty waterfalls late at night. Very nice.

Second time we came in for lunch with a larger group. Very busy, long line. 

They also have a vegan menu here (you have to ask for it, but every restaurant at the Wynn hotel has a vegan menu). My sister, the vegan, had a vegan sandwich (veggies on vegan bread) which she said was awesome.

Here comes the bad news for vegans. This is a order-at-the-counter then go sit down and wait for your food to be brought to you place. The lady behind the counter who took our order was an english as a second language person. We told her repeatedly that my sister was vegan and everything she was ordering needed to be vegan. We pointed at the vegan menu several times. She still kept asking every time we ordered something, do you want that with cheese? Do you want the vegan one? YES, WE WANT THE VEGAN ONE we said, LOUDLY while pointing at the vegan menu. O.k., so at the end, we thought we had properly communicated that we needed all vegan food for my sister. On the vegan menu were vegan garlic fries, which we ordered. We made it CRYSTAL CLEAR we needed the VEGAN garlic fries, not the regular ones. Seriously, we said it SEVERAL times. Well, my sister gets her sandwich and fries and starts to eat. I say, what's that stuff on top of your fries? She said she thought it was big chunks of garlic. Then she takes a closer look and realizes it's cheese. We go to the counter and complain. The manager comes out. They replace the fries with vegan ones, but the manager seems to be blaming my sister for not ordering the right fries. Are you kidding me? We could not possibly have been any clearer. Seriously, this is a very big deal to vegans. No apology, no offer of compensation, nothing. Very disappointed in how that was handled.

Here's some advice for Mr. Wynn. If you want vegans to eat at your restaurants, you need to ensure that the staff at all your restaurants understand the vegan issue, and that they speak english fluently. This was unacceptable.
My personal opinon:
Overpriced WAAAY overpriced and not good. The cheese pizza wasn't good, the pizza rolls weren't good. The service was average, the atmosphere was GREAT. There is a beautiful waterfall outside that is really amazing. But seriously next door at the Venetian is a pizza place called Trattoria Reggiano it is half the price and tastes amazing.
I have to say this about the best pizza I have had to date. Compared to the rest of Vegas and the Wynn, the prices are pretty reasonable. I ordered two pizzas within 4 hours of each other and split a banana split while waiting for the second which was also tasty.
I kept hearing that this place might be as good as NYC pizza in my hotel room.  I decided I had to check it out and it turned out to be the cheapest place to eat at the Wynn hotel.  A 12 inch meat lovers pizza was about $15 which is a good price for anything on the strip!

The staff were super friendly and took my order.  I was a little excited and a little giddy considering every time I've ate at the Wynn I've been extremely happy with my experience.  

The pizza arrived, I opened the box and it smelled delicious and looked pretty damn good.

I felt like a host from one of those food network shows and grabbed a slide and took the biggest bite of disappointment :(

Wynn please go back to the drawing board so that your pizza is in the same class as your other restaurants.  

The pizza lacked a lot of flavour, the crust was not cooked well at all and tasted like a terrible piece of flatbread.

The pizza doesn't contend with NY style pizza and honestly I it very similar to some grocery store cooked pizza.

Sorry Wynn but I was expecting much better.
We stopped by the Pizza Place for a snack to keep our tummies content until buffet time.

We ordered a slice of cheese pizza but for some reason got veggie. They ask you to upgrade to the meal deal so we got the garlic knots. The meal deal does not include a drink so it is an additional $3.75 for a soda.  Not impressed with none of the food at all. The pizza was oily and the garlic knots were too bready and plain. Although the soda was expensive, it is refillable at the counter. The cappuccino gelato I had was alright.

The pluses to this place is the outside patio seating next to the waterfall and free wifi. With a view like that, I feel they should be serving up something better than pizza. Or at least good pizza.
Thin large pizza. This is what the place is all about. Beautifully located in the Wynn Shops, it is an ideal place to get lunch. However, with its inflated prices and lack of zest in the pizza; I shall not be returning. 

The pizza had no cheese on it. I do not like parmesan on my pizza (only red peppers), but I had to cover my pizza up with the "fake" cheese. Disappointing. After paying 7$, I expected more than bread and red sauce. 

But if you were desperate like me, and can't wait to go to another place... then pizza place is a decent stop.
This place is a well kept secret of the Wynn. Not only is it decently priced but the selections are spectacular. Try the wings, Perhaps the best in the city. I was actually there on a casual date and was worried that it might seem a bit to casual. it turned out to be the right amount of amiance for getting to know someone. the place lends itself to great conversation and a good time.
If you are tired of spending $100 a meal at the Wynn/Encore then this is a great place.  Pizza and salads are basic really good food.  You can sit outside and have a great view.  Prices are really reasonable for what you get.  Great place to eat when you are looking for a pizza to help your hangover.
I got a slice of meatball pizza for $6, and it was large, crispy and tasty. The service was very friendly. You can sit inside and watch TV, or go outside and watch pretty fountain.
It served its intended purpose. Gigantic, thin slices of pizza. 

For around 35 bucks, we ordered the large which was enough to feed 3 guys and 2 girls (with about 1 whole slice left in tact). Although pricy, considering the fact that we got full off of this, it is somewhat a cheap alternative to other dining options. We got a half/half of meatball and pesto, both of which I think were pretty good. We also got a side of parm fries and garlic knots (think bread rolls). I think I would pass on the rolls in the future, nothing to write home about and seemed a little overbaked.

My biggest complaint is the soda/water fountain isn't accessible to customers so you end up standing in line for a simple refill that you would be able to take care of yourself if it was available for the public. I felt bad asking for a refill and because I was holding a lot of cups, it just makes it inconvenient on the consumer.
Great pizza!  Thin crust with the perfect amount of cheese.  Love it!
Vegan pizza in Vegas? YES!

Though they don't advertise the vegan menu out front, but if you ask, they'll show you their vegan menu. The list is pretty extensive. I want to try the tofu parmesan sub, but my dinner mate wanted pizza to share. 

We got a meal deal which included a side and salad and 12" pizza for 24.95 plus drinks for 3.75 (refillable thankfully). Not cheap but a good deal for the Wynn, and pizza in general. Some people swear by Daiya, but they use Follow Your Heart here. I think Follow Your Heart is quite good, though not sure if I prefer it to Daiya. It has a good texture and taste. Our veggie pizza was topped with kalamata olives, onions and roasted red peppers. It was an interesting combination, but not necessarily one I would go with again. The main negative I found with the pizza was that the outer crust was a bit hard. The salad was okay. Nothing spectacular but good. The fries were super crispy and really good.  

I am planning my next trip, and will definitely come here again.
Good pizza and great service. If you're in the Wynn and want a quick meal head here. The gelato is good too.
The pizza reviews are spot on by others.  Good, not the best you will ever have.  In my opinion it was a great move by Wynn/Encore to include this place - the food didn't need to knock off your socks.  Great to stop by and grab a quick slice/snack.  (Perfect if you have kids in the Wynn).

My food suggestion is to try the Chicken Parm Sandwich.  Solid.
really good pizza indeed
On our last night in vegas, we wanted a place outdoors (because the weather was a perfect 80 degrees), quick (because we were starving), and relatively inexpensive (because we had been gambling and spent quite a bit the night before on a fancy dinner and club experience). This place met all our needs! The pizza was delicious and pretty filling. This is what we ordered for 8 people:

Pizza:
- 22'' Meat  
- 12" Pesto
- 12" Veggie

3 orders of the garlic knots (3 in an order)
order of garlic fries 

The amount of food was just enough for all of us and cost us about $12 each (not including drinks). The fries were pretty good but the knots were pretty dry (even when dipped in marinara). You can eat inside or outside by the waterfall. We sat outside and by a tv so the guys could watch the World Series
Big meaty and delicious wings! Got the 12" pizza meal deal a lot good food! Sat outside by the water beautiful view of the waterfalls.
Gorgeous ambiance, modern decor  within a 5 star hotel casino called the Wynn in Las Vegas. This is by far one of the best pizza and hot wings places that I have ever had on the planet. The thin crust pizza reminds me of my hometown of New York however, the pizza is freshly baked to order. The hot wings aren't just dropped in the grease however they have a crunchy batter which make the texture stands out and coats better with the hot spicy sauce.  Lastly, I ordered the Parmesan and garlic fries which was exquisite.  They have a waterfall and balcony to relax and enjoy Vegas weather and views.  The only down side to me is the fact that the food is very pricey!!! $5.75 for a slice of pizza or $27 for a whole ouch... An order of 6 hot wings is $9.50 or $16 bucks for 12 lastly, $8 bucks for ice cream cone lol. If you don't mind spending a little while you vacation in Vegas for great pizza and wings this is the place!!  This a must try !!!!!!!! I am still craving the food and have meet visitors who ate there twice during there stay in Vegas which speaks how great this food is being that Vegas have the top Chiefs from around the world here.

Enjoy,
Jay.
Came here for the fries that used to be stellar. Ended up getting grease logged potato sticks. Sent them back and they sent me the same fries just reheated in the microwave. So disappointed. I will never return here and will tell all my friends that I once recommended to this place about the bad news.
The place is cute and has great decor.  I really felt like eating some pizza after our long journey from one end of the strip to the other :).  What we ordered:

The Carne Pizza (Sausage, peporoni, ham, and cheese)

Cucumber salad

Tomato soup

Coconut Gelato

All of it was very good! There is plenty of seating outside and inside the little cafe. We spent about 30.00 bucks all together and they also had a military discount.  The pizza is thin crust and had just the right amount of sauce.  It was fresh, hot, and tasted great! A little pricey but hey what do you expect it's the Wynn in Vegas!
I went to this place when my husband and I first moved here over a year ago. We sat inside but close enough to have a view of the waterfall outside. We ordered 2 slices of regular cheese because if you can make something so simple be amazing, the other options must be good too! We also ordered the rice sticks because my husband is a FIEND for rice balls and that's basically what it was. (Not the traditional with meat, peas, and risotto. These were just cheesy risotto goodness.) Everything was wonderful and the decor was so cute. Definitely want to go back soon.
My group dined here as a break from all the baller restaurants and buffets. But this place did not live up to my Wynn standards.

- Pizza was difficult to cut. The thin crust was not crispy, but was tough and chewy
- Calzones were.... interesting. Sauce is served on the side, which I wouldn't mind, but the inside is just loaded with cheese. I didn't appreciate the imbalance; the rest of the filling flavours were overwhelmed by inordinate amounts of dairy.
- Salad was inadequate. Poorly adorned and looking like something I could have picked up at the gas station. I will admit, that the Balsamic vinaigrette is delicious, but I always like balsamic.
- Seating large parties in this restaurant is difficult because there were only small round tables available during our visit.
The only place to get vegan pizza and it's AMAZING!!! Nice place to sit and enjoy your day. There's a beautiful man made waterfall and lake out in the view.
Just wanted a quick bite. Ordered the meatball calzone(15-20 min wait). So to kill time I got a scoop of the Cherry yogurt gelato. Very good!

Service was good, staff is very nice.

Meatball calzone was good and tasty.
Always a stop when we're in town. Get the carne meal deal and don't forget the sangria. Only down side is the reserved signs on all the tables can be confusing. They're just to keep non-customers out.
I don't know if it was the alcohol but this place was great. Just had finished gambling and drinking for the night and we needed something to eat. Initially, we walked outside, with plans to walk down the strip, but two steps, and we were back inside, landing in front of this place.

Since it was so late, the place was dead, but that didn't affect the quality of the food. Got bread sticks and a cheese pizza. Both hit the spot. Bread sticks were pretty good, especially the marinara sauce they served with it. Pizza was thin and not too saucy, just how I like it.

Will add to the Vegas mainstay list. Probably will take the place of Earl. Disappointment last time I was there.
First off, didn't have the pizza so I can't recommend it...but I did have the Andes mint chocolate gelatto and it was super good!
Today's review is about one of my all time favorite foods- PIZZA. Its hard to believe i didn't even like the stuff until I was in my teens but now I'm not sure if I could go without it. I like to compare pizza to sex, even when its bad, its good and you are happy that you can a least get a taste.  One of My favorite places to get some is in Las Vegas ( we are talking pizza again) at the Wynn. Its called the Pizza Place, which is not only practical but also easy to remember even after a long night with way to many drinks. It is located at the entrance to the Wynn shops and if you eat outside overlooks the Wynn waterfalls. This is not only a great view, but also can be very refreshing if the wind blows just right. You can eat your pizza and get a quick shower.The menu is small with about 6 or 7 different pizzas to choose. You can order by the slice ( which are large) or by the pie.  There are many great side dishes , as well as some tasty looking sandwiches.  All the menu items are displayed in a case in front of the counter to help get your appetite ready when you first walk in. You place your order at the counter and then are given a place card with a number. Seating is first come first serve, either on the patio or inside the restaurant.  I definitely prefer the outside. When your order is ready it is brought to your table by the staff.  Simone and I decided on to different sides. Garlic Parmesan Fries and Mozzarella Risotto Sticks.  We also went with one slice of Pepperoni and one slice of Meatball Pizza.  And we even shared them.  All our items arrived at the same time which was a bit problematic given the size of our table. But the waiter squeezed everything on the table ( this was not his first rodeo) and we began our meal.  First we tried the French Fries.  French fries are not the typical side to pizza but these were "Italian Fries" They were topped with fresh shredded Parmesan cheese and fresh roasted slivers of whole garlic. These were french fry royalty.  Each fry bite had a  hint of garlic and the sharpness and saltiness of the cheese was over the top.  Another great and entertaining part of this dish was when Simone excitedly saw what she thought was a huge clump of melted cheese at the bottom of the bowl and quickly shoved it down only to discover it was a not so small piece of garlic. I laughed my ass off - and  if the look on her face didn't kill me,  I was willing to bet the house that her breath would.  Next up was the Fried Mozzarella Risotto Sticks. One of my favorite Italian dishes is risotto so i was really looking forward to this dish and it did not disappoint at all. Inside the breaded sticks was creamy perfectly cooked risotto with gooey melted mozzarella cheese. I didn't think you could make fried mozzarella any better. I was wrong. These are amazing, lightlyy breaded and fried with fresh breadcrumbs and are served with a very good marinara Sauce.  Of course it is called the Pizza Place so we can't forget about the pizza. I have never been to New York City so i will not pretend this is New York Pizza, because i just don't know. What i can say is that it may be the best pizza in Las Vegas (on par with the secret place at the Cosmo). It is thin crust, old world style pie. The kind you pick up with you hands, fold in half and shove down. Messy and delicious, melting all over you chin- the way pizza is supposed to be.  The Pepperoni was excellent , but the meatball pizza was beyond that. The meatball are made in house. They are garlicky, meaty and large. They are sliced thin and dipped in the house marinara before being placed on top of the perfect ricotta and mozzarella pizza pie.  And all this makes for the perfect Italian marriage.  So Simone and I ended up sharing a meal, again. And I must again tell her she was correct. The two slices of pizza and the sides were more then enough to fill me up.  This place was great. This might be one the best pizza's I have ever had. Second only to the Secret Place at The Cosmopolitan.
One of the few places that isn't too ridiculously over-priced in Las Vegas! 

They have pretty good "meal deals" where you can get a slice of pizza and side for about $8. That sounds pretty lame, but when you see the SIZE of a pizza slice you'll change your mind. These slices are BIGGER THAN YOUR FACE, and they are pretty yummy to boot. 

I got the meat-something-something pizza (lots of meat) that was yummy, and the man-friend got the meat-ball pizza. The meat-ball pizza is a little different, but it's not too bad, but I'd stick with the meat-something-something I got. 

No idea why, but I was in love with their fries & garlic bread. Super good. 

Gelato isn't too shabby either!

I would definitely go back!
A solid place to grab a slice compared to the more fine dining spots in the Wynn. Ordering a full pie took about 30 minutes to come out but they have booze and great outdoor seating with views while you wait. They have individual slices with a variety of toppings ready for a quick heating also. The pizza is on the thin crust side but the slices are oversized and hit the spot after a long day drinking by the pool.
Great NY style pizza. Expensive of course as it is at the Wynn, but was good. Nice views of their waterfall.
This place is pretty far off from the casino area, especially when granny experiences pain in her legs, the walk is even longer and there aren't places for her to sit and rest. Not worth it at all.

Carne Pizza Slice was pretty weak. It's just a pepperoni slice with a couple sausage pieces. I have to admit, the thin crust was good, but the toppings were weak for the price.

Garlic Fries, I don't know what the big deal is, there isn't much garlic flavor on them and not much cheese.  It was like the garlic was an after thought, super lame.

This place really gets 2.5 stars, the staff is great, just the food was a fail...
Not great pizza, but then again I don't like NY style thin crust .

Went here twice - Ham & pineple. The second trip I ordered Sangria and sat outside watching the waterfall, which was really nice.

They dont have a bunch of pizzas sitting around and sold by the slice. You order at the counter, and wait with a little metal sign clip with your # on it. 

It was a great opportunity to enjoy my table outside with my book for company, And the waterfall for Ambience.  Not expensive. They also had gellato, however I didn't indulge. 

Good if you have cranky kids in tow : ) 
Lucky for me, this is not the case ( I left my BF at home ) hehehe
First time here and I must say I'm a fan of the gelato. Tried the mango and guava flavors while my friend had the cherry yogurt. The guava was a little too sweet for me and the cherry yogurt reminded me of cheesecake with a hint of cherry flavor. The mango was by far my favorite, so refreshing and just the right amount of mango taste without being overly sweet. 

We also got a cheese pizza to share and let me say it was better than I would've expected. The pizza follows the typical thin crust New York style. Not the best pizza I've ever had (been to Italy and NYC so yea) but definitely better than some I've had before. Be prepared to wait for the pizza but it's worth it as its actually made fresh vs being under a heating lamp. We enjoyed our gelato while waiting so didn't mind.

Anyways I would definitely stop by again as the service was excellent and like I mentioned I'm a fan of the gelato. I would love to try some of the other flavored they offer as well on my next trip to Vegas.
Great place for a quick bite before hitting the clubs at Wynn.

Pizzas took a while to cook, and were just ok.  

Pesto Pizza:  not recommend - looked like they just squeezed some ready-made pesto onto the slice

Meatball pizza:   had the thinnest slice of meatballs ever!  We had to ask the server where the meatball was!  Apparently, it's cut so thin and hidden behind some sauce!

orzo pasta salad:  pretty decent, but then again, I love orzo salad!

Insider Tip:  
The only saving grace to this place is the view.  Make sure to sit outside on the patio and watch the water fountains.
I'm surprised at the good reviews of others.  It was ok pizza and definitely true to "NY Style" pizza.  But big floppy slices are not worth $10.  My friend and I each got one slice (that's plenty of food BTW) and a Coke.  Total bill was $22.  I thought the crust was a little too thin and it was definitely oily.  Yes, with NY Style pizza you usually have to sop up the oil with a couple of napkins (some people think that's part of the experience) but having to do that here reminded me that that's one thing I don't like about NY Style pizza.

Maybe I would have had a better experience with a different dish.
The first thing to know going in is that the portions are HUGE! When we went, they were running a special of a slice of pizza, sundae, and a drink for $12.50. This is one of the best deals we found during our weekend on the Strip.

Thankfully, the food is also really tasty. The sauce was great, and all of the gelato was excellent.

The staff was very friendly, and there is a nice (and possibly romantic) view of two waterfalls on the Wynn property.
Who needs to go to NYC when you can come to Pizza Place? Seriously!!! It's that good. Thin and chewy crust, tasty red sauce and yummy cheese. I'm hungry thinking about it again. I can't for my next visit back.
The employees at this location are the losers in life who never finished college because they were too busy trying to figure out when they were going to get stoned again next.  Now they are out in the working world and things haven't changed much.  Except, instead of talking during lecture about the next great party, they are doing it behind the registers at this Culver's.
As part my introduction to Wisconsin culture, I had my first taste of fried cheese curd. They were hot out of the fryer, not too greasy and delicious. 

Staff were welcoming and helpful, dining area clean and comfortable. If I had more time during my visit, I would've returned to try more of their menu - i.e. burgers, sandwiches, salads, and frozen custard sundaes. Wish there were a Culver's closer to San Francisco.
The butter burger was definitely better than the ones from McDonald's but not up to Five Guys's quality.  Prices are a bit higher than BK or McD's but they do have fried cheese curds, which were hot and delicious, and much better than tater or cheesy tots.  I also had an Oreo shake, which was very rich and creamy.  We need a Culver's on the East Coast.  Just be warned that drive-thru service can be pretty slow, at least at this location.
Better than most fast food joints.
Clean dining room with free WiFi.

What more to ask for?
Walked in 10 minutes to close and was told by the manager that they were closing soon and that they needed to kick everyone out then. He said "you can order food if you want, but you won't be able to eat it here." Thanks, we won't eat there. Congrats on getting out of there on time.
Really great restaurant!  The friendly staff took the order quickly. The beverage selection was impressive. The whole restaurant was very clean. The staff member Yvonne was so helpful with placing an ice cream order, and she was so nice! Great job, Yvonne!
I can't remember how much I paid, but it doesn't matter, this place was bomb. I expect overpriced in Vegas, so all I hope for at the very least is friendly service and a good product. Sweet Chill knocks it out of the park in both respects. The people there were dishing out free samples like they were getting paid to do so. I tried close to ten flavors and all were fantastic. This spot gets the 5 stars because it had one of the best coconut gelatos I've ever had, and I try it everywhere. Tons of shaved coconut going in the scoop, it was the realest of real. Great flavor selection included carrot, gingerbread, turtle, nutella, to name a few. The people there seem to love their job and love the ice cream. I feel them on that.
A little bit too bright, a little bit too pink.  But oh-so-many flavors to choose from and never crowded.  On the Promenade level of the ARIA, Sweet Chill is a decent place to be casual and get away from the noise -- as in chill.
Yes, the Aria in the new City Center is a very chic, very European, and very out-of-my-league-so-don't-bother-trying kind of place. So I would expect nothing but a tres-chic ice cream parlor in a hotel as fancy-schmancy as the Aria. With its perpetual video showing on the outside wall to draw you in, Sweet Chill is just that type of place in all its muted day-glo rainbow glory. Its clean, pinkish and slightly retro-look is meant to evoke an earlier time when people enjoyed sitting on plastic, butt-contoured chairs (see photos). It's as if Paris Hilton opened her own gelateria, bitches.

They serve sandwiches and salads, but the eye candy is really the variety of ice cream flavors to be seen in their long glass display case. Prices are not surprisingly on the high side with a large cup a whopping seven bucks. Jamie W. and I shared a small cup of peanut butter gelato for the comparative bargain of $4.75 (see photo). I say bargain because you do get three small scoops which you can lick slowly to take in all the colors of the seats in the place. Eventually, the cacophony of pan-EuroAsian voices does make your ears bleed - and you have no choice but to leave and go back to your $80-a-night hotel way, way down the Strip.

ICE CREAM - 4 stars...judging from the peanut butter, very creamy and tasty if a tad pricey
AMBIANCE - 4 stars...chic while you lick with abandon
SERVICE - 3.5 stars...a bit non-descript...it is a new place
TOTAL - 4 stars...stop for your sweet tooth and then do fifty laps in the Aria pool around the corner
Looking for something in between your meals that will make your mouth and tummy smile?  Well that's what I found here!  The gelato is GREAT!  We came here a couple of times in our four day stay and I wish we had time to have gone here at least once more.

Yeah it is a bit pricey but if you order a large gelato you get FIVE scoops for $7.00 instead of a small one with two scoops for $4.50.  I wish I would have asked that the first time, I could have saved some money and shared.

I'm not giving them a 5th star because they charge OUTRAGEOUS prices for their drinks.  They wanted almost $5.00 for a SMALL soda.  NO way...and a bottled water was the same price.  They gave me a free cup of a water and I was happy with that.  

So bring your own drinks here and enjoy!!!
This is the best goumet ice cream I have ever had; the pistachio is my favorite.  It is pricey, but totaly worth it.  I have no problem paying for a good value!  I endeavor to return to beg for saffrom ice cream!  Is there a webstie for Sweet Chill?  I have not found one to date....
The college of frozen desserts

Some people cannot tell the difference between gelato and ice cream.  Their loss.  Although ice cream has more butterfat and more sugar than gelato, gelato has more flavor.  The fruit or chocolate flavors are not muted by the butterfat.

This lesson was well learned on our trip to Sweet Chill.  As a former college student that spent years trying to pay off college debt, I know that any education can come with quite a large price tag.  I expected a dessert-lunch (yes, I was having gelato for lunch) at Aria to cost as much as my college education.  Afterall I was about to learn something.

To start, I learned that pistachio ice cream (er... gelato) isn't my cup of tea.  Neither is Nutella.  Total cost for these lessons, zero.  If you are questionable about a flavor, just ask - they'll happily give you a small spoonfull.

I also learned that a small is like $4.75 while a large is $7 and change for 3 times more of the Italian confection.  Since I was there with my wife, we went with the large 3 scoops (Strawberry, Chocolate, and Blueberry Cheesecake) and saved a few bucks.

I also learned that gelato is denser than ice cream.  Ice cream is about 50% air, making it easy to scoop (if you've ever melted then re-froze ice cream, you know the stuff is rock hard without the air).  Gelato on the other hand is only about 25% air.  It's freezing point is kept in check with less fat and a scientifically-balanced amount of sugar to maintain it's softness.  This results in 50% more edible dessert.  If you eat with your eyes, you may feel that $7.57 (after tax) for 12-16 ounces is pricey, but you stomach will be filled as if you just ate 18-24 ounces of ice cream.  A fine lesson indeed.

Finally, I learned that Aria (in the City Center) must truly be an expensive place, because even though I was sitting in a kid-friendly location (essecentially an ice cream parlor) I didn't see signs of a single kid.  Tables wern't sticky, floors were clean, chairs were spotless.  But the decor was all hard plastic, so maybe after a group of kids come through, they just close the doors and hose the whole place down with a high pressure firehose.
Cute, modern, pastel love-fest looking place.

I requested a sample of the Carrot Cake, which was promptly handed over: white gelato, white spoon... and a black, curly hair.

Truly, a Kodak moment.
The peanut brittle is great.

The customer service sucks!
If ice cream is my weakness than gelati will be the death of me. While attempting to get some exercise, take some pictures, and absorb the new Vegas, my friend and I stumbled across this gelati shop on the second floor of the Aria. 

When my eyes met the long strip of radiant colors coming from the escalators, my friend anticipated my desire to look and asked if I wanted to get some. The answer is always yes. We thought that we would save ourselves some calories by splitting a cup. Seeing the single scoop cup, we didn't think they would give us too much. We wanted two different flavors anyways, so we opted for the double. We drastically taken aback when we saw the worker pile on this frozen delight. For such a fancy establishment, I was expecting to get gouged, but instead we got our moneys worth and more. 

We got one scoop of Oreo and one of butterscotch cookie. You can never go wrong with the black and white childhood favorite. On the other hand, the butterscotch outshone the Oreo in every aspect. While both were creamy, smooth with a silky texture. The butterscotch was complex with a lingering taste of cinnamon. For $6.75, I was left feeling more than satisfied. 

Out of all the gelati shops in Las Vegas, I know where I will be heading when I have the urge for decadence. I am glad that we passed by Jean Philippe and found this place. 

The extra bonus is that a swimsuit store is located across from Sweet Chill. While you are indulging in this sugary fix, you know exactly why you can't fit into those board-shorts or bikini.
Sweet Chill is adorable, delicious and home of some of the best gelato I've ever had. I had a mix of chocolate and peanut butter and it was so perfectly cold, creamy and sweet- better than the gelato downstairs at Jean Philippe Patisserie!
My chicken pesto sandwich ($13) was so freaking dry! But I was starving so I ate the whole thing. The corned beef and turkey panini looked tastier.
Watermelon ice cream is delicious
Vegas calls for cold drinks and this is just the place to get them. When you're leaving the beautiful pool at Aria, an iced cappuccino is just the thing you need! There's also an amazing selection of gelato too!
This place basically has everything! Ice cream, gelato, coffee, pastry, sandwhichs nice lil spot sit n enjoy.. also unique lobby. I was sick this past week I went there to see if they had hot tea w/ honey they have that also! What a lifesaver..
Disclaimer: I didn't try the gelato and I'm sure it was amazing.  But I stopped in for two coffee/breakfast snacks and a panini for lunch and was disappointed each time.  Coffee was exceptionally expensive, my $14 panini was so-so, and they tried to add a 4 oz. bag of Kettle chips for $3.50 without asking.  Super friendly staff, though, and very convenient location for grabbing something quick in the morning.
Einen ruhigen Platz finden, um ungestrt einen Snack zu genieen oder einen Kaffee. Gibt es das in dem trubeligen Las Vegas und seinen Hotels. Sicherlich  man muss nur suchen oder Bescheid wissen. Im Aria (http://www.qype.com/place/1621121-Aria-Hotel-Casino-Las-Vegas) Hotel gibt es diese Insel des Rckzuges, wir haben sie selbst erst sehr spt entdeckt.
 (Siehe Foto unten) Sweet wird interpretiert durch die Farbe Pink!
Das Sweet Chill erinnert an die Barbie-Welt. Pink dominiert als Farbe, ergnzt mt andersfarbigen Tupfern der Sthle. Viel Plastik und Glas, der ganze offene Raum wirkt klinisch sauber. 
Abseits des Trubels im Erdgeschoss liegt das Sweet Chill auf der Promenade-Etage. Eine groe Rolltreppe fhrt hinauf, aber die muss man erst einmal finden. Einfacher geht es mit dem Fahrstuhl, aber auch hier heit es gewusst, auf welchen Knopf drcken. Die Lsung: P = Promenade. Auf dieser Etage sind ein paar wenige Edelboutiquen und es ist der Zugang zum Auenpool-Bereich. Wir entdeckten das Sweet Chill, als wir in Bademntel gehllt zu den Auenpools gingen.
Eine gute Entdeckung: Coffee, Espresso, Pastries and More! So wirbt das Sweet Chill fr sich. Das More ist besonders wichtig, denn frische, leckere, gesunde Salate laden ein, wie auch jede Menge Sandwiches. Alles fr den kleinen Snack zwischendurch. Zu angenehmen Preisen im ansonsten hochpreisigen Aria-Hotel.
Von 7 a.m. bis 7 p.m. ldt das Sweet Chill zum Verweilen ein. Take away  auch mglich. Und damit wird das Sweet Chill zu einem richtigen Tipp. Gerne weitersagen!
Fazit: A sweet way to start the day!  so steht es am Eingang. Richtig, aber auch ein sweet way to stay at noon or to end the afternoon preparing for a wonderful Las Vegas night. Four stars!
Who knew that in downtown historic Glendale, there lived the most adorable little locally owned ice cream parlor called Papa Ed's?

I didn't... until today!

I made the thirty minute drive to Glendale from Old Town this afternoon for a meeting and was lucky enough to get a tour of some of the cutest businesses around town.  Papa Ed's was one of them... 

My friend Danica walked me inside and introduced me Linda, the owner.  For those that aren't lucky enough to have their private tour guide like I was, Papa Ed's is tucked behind the Country Maiden house turned retail store (which happens to be yet another adorable Glendale business that I will review in due time as well).

Papa Ed's carries both Shamrock Farms and Dreyer's ice cream... it reminds me of a smaller, more local "Ben and Jerry's" kind of place.  It's bright, colorful and welcoming...

While I passed on getting an ice cream today, I did take advantage of their outdoor seating; you see, I had a conference call smack dab in the middle of the afternoon.  It was fun to see people go in and out with their ice cream treats.  There's also plenty of beautiful landscaping right outside their door.

Next visit to the area, I'll have to go for an ice cream from Papa Ed's... if you make it there before me, let me know what you think?!
unless you hate ice cream and friendly people you will love Papa Ed's! It's tucked away in Caitlin Court in downtown Glendale.  Walking towards the front you can't help but notice all the love and care that went into the garden and flowers - the flower bed still makes me smile!  Walking through the front door it's easy to forget where and when you are - the wood floors, Vintage coke machine and friendly staff all most made me forget why I was there... ICE CREAM. good selection and great ice cream.. 

Now let's talk about ice cream pie... Papa Ed's makes to order (with advance notice) ice cream pies. I love the Peanut butter cup with Oreo cookie crust. The lemon and Raspberry sorbet swirl in a  graham cracker crust and my Holiday Favorite - Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream in a graham cracker crust!
I had heard about this place but could never find it. It's tucked behind another shop and is very easily missed from the street. 
I love the Old Town Glendale area and Papa Ed's Ice Cream fits in perfectly in the neighborhood. Everything about Papa Ed's is charming and you can tell that a lot of love and care has been put into this ice cream shop. I think it being tucked away behind another shop added to the charm. It was nice to sit outside eating ice cream with two friends away from the hustle and bustle just a few feet away. From the sidewalk until you step into Pap Ed's, the charm  really creates a lot of build up, I felt a bit let down when I saw the variety of ice cream offered.
While the ice cream was tasty, it was kinda of a disappointment that it was the same brand and mostly the same flavors that I can purchase in any grocery store.
I was hoping for some homemade ice cream or at least some unique  flavors or something to mix in like fruit or candy. 
So close Papa Ed's! So close!!
Still a positive rating though!
If you find yourself in downtown Glendale and have a hankering for some Ice Cream, this is the place to go.  It is right in the heart of things, in a wonderfully renovated little square of merchants.  As you walk down the long sidewalk to the entrance, with plenty of arrows and pictures of ice cream cones to guide your way, you will feel as though you are stepping back in time.  Once inside, you will be greeted by the extremely warm and hospitable staff.  The inside is a cute little shop offering about a dozen flavors of ice cream to choose from, as well as a few old-fashioned candies.  There are a few small tables inside, but there are plenty of other seating options and open space in the courtyard that surrounds this and the other neighboring shops.   The prices are extremely reasonable, so even if you are just walking by on your way to another destination, you can easily stop by and get your ice cream fix and be on your way to your destination in no time, without spending more than the spare change in your front pocket.
Great little place in Downtown historic glendale. This is our hangout for ice cream especially in their garden. It's very refreshing to see and feel like you are back in time . No drama , no traffic, just friendly customers service and great ice cream.
Like another reveiwer said, i was hoping for some homemade icecream.
They offer a couple of brand ice creams and thats it. Nothing special.
It is a really neat location in downtown Glendale and the lady is really nice.
I think they should atleast offer a few homemade ice cream options and see how it goes and weed out the brand stuff :-(
Wow!  I finally found an oasis in the desert.  A couple of scoops of the Papa Ed's hand scooped ice cream and the heat wasn't a problem anymore.  A great throwback for us who remember old fashion ice crem stores.  I must have spent an hour sitting while looking at all the pictures of the staff on the walls and reading about the charitable accomplishments the store owner has done with Glendale and the surrounding community. We weren't familiar with the area since we were from out of town and so the owner was kind enough to talk to us about the local business and what to see.  What an enjoyable afternoon because the staff is so kind, the atmosphere is friendly and especially the ice cream was delicious.
My boyfriend stopped in here after lunch last week, it was a typical hot AZ summer day and we were both in the mood for something cool. We love downtown Glendale and all the little shops so we decided to stop in for a cool treat. Cute little shop, nice staff, good ice cream, what else can you ask for!
Papa Eds is a friendly local Ice cream shop that will treat you like family. Located in a unique shopping are of Glendale with great little shops. They have special treats and unique flavors for everyone, even special cones for littles ones!
I think this location is way cool and the atmosphere is from the 50's but the ice cream was just Dryers and Shamrock.  I was wishing it was homemade since it would fit the ambiance.  This is a small house behind another that have both been converted to businesses in downtown Glendale.  We went out of our way to support this business since we were at the Chocolate Affair and did not want to just give the money to a temporary vendor in the area.
Best hidden secret on the valley!  Nostalgia, sweet treats, fun flavors & a perfect garden to host kids parties.  Extra points cuz they're pet friendly :)
This is the cutest ice cream shop ever! I love going in here and trying their new creations. My husband and daughter also love the choices. I think it is amazing that they are so creative. Their newest edition-the fairy house out front is adorable and I think my daughter could have looked at it for hours! Great scenery and amazing treats!
This place is adorable!! From the quaint decor, painted ice cream path and friendly staff to the delicious ice cream... This ace is totally worth going to!!

I love love love the cappuccino splatter ice cream and the pumpkin!!

Also with the check in deal- what more could we ask for?
I like being a tourist in my own city from time to time. I think walking around the local downtown Glendale shops gives me that vavcation feel, especially on a comfotably warm day in February. 

Papa Ed's had been on my bookmarked list of things to try for a while and this day just seemed so perfect to finally go for a visit.

The location is just so cute. They have a small garden in the front yard of the house and the whole atmosphere is just very charming.

The ice cream itself was very tastey. I think they only sell Shamrock Farms ice cream, which is although not made in house but is at least supporting another local business.
Let's just start with 75 cent kids cones and COOKIE ICE CREAM SANDWICHES! Must try, especially when they have macaroons!

Papa Ed's puts you in a different mindset. It is tucked behind another shop and has the most beautiful garden. Sweet peas, Jasmine, Mint, Carrots... So on and so forth.

Papa Ed's had added drinks, including Coffee, the BEST Iced Coffee, and loose leaf teas. They have like 20 flavors.

They have 16 flavors of Ice Cream. Half of the freezer is Karens Kreamery which is a local creamery that makes unique flavors like Monster Cookie, Cappuccino Splatter, Caramel Toffee Crunch!! And the rest is a mix of Dreyer's/Shamrock Farms Classic Flavors.

Bring the kids. Bring the family, and feel like you are at home.

Linda, the owner, is so sweet and she truly is what makes the shop feel so full of love and childhood!!

They also make homemade waffle cones/bowls.

Sugar Free/Fat Free/Gluten Free/Dairy Free Options which is awesome!!
Really neat place hidden in the back of the 1920's bungalow called The Country Maiden  in the Catlin Court Historic District in downtown Glendale. They have a nice selection of ice cream, and the courtyard is very relaxing. 
Here is a couple of tips, They carry Karen's Kreamery ice cream and Frosty Paw frozen treats for your dog!
I never knew they were here, glad I found them on yelp!
This is one of the small business I been wanted to try and today is the day that I finally got the chance to, it's a house that had been converted to a business, the ice cream store is behind the house, it's a neat little place to hang out in a hot Arizona day, would be really awesome and busy in the summer time. I'm really happy with the visit and looking forward to coming back soon. But one thing is I thought since they are a small business they would make their own ice cream but it's shamrock which isn't bad either. And you could also reserve for a party or a big group.
I have been here once but they are close and today I got opportunity to check them out, they're right at down town Glendale, can be easily missed because its a house but also a ice cream place which is located in the back of the house, Papa Ed's Ice Cream is a nice, cool and fun place to be, there are outdoor seats that is nicely shaded and cool which would be perfect for the summer time. They also take party request like birthdays or group events. The ice cream are very tasty which are from shamrock but the waffle corns are homemade which is the best. I'll be back again and will bring my little cousins and family.
What a gem!  The Chupale Pichon is $6 for a grilled footlong hotdog topped with grilled onions and red peppers, bacon, chili, and cheese, plus a side of fries and jalapenos.  Washed it down with alfalfa agua fresca.  Have you ever had Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans and wished there were real "grass" flavored candy in the world?  TA-DA!  :-D

The staff was super friendly and patient explaining what the menu items contain.  I'm a pretty worldly eater, but there were colorful treats I had never heard of - and I can't wait to go back and try them all.

My friends had the Tostilocos and loved it, but I'm not a fan of pickled pork.  I tried another friend's Cemita sandwich filled with carne asada, avocado, and melty cheese in a toasted sesame bun.  Their son had the $2 nachos and a Mexican Coke and was happy.

There were easily 50 people who came through while I sat in the corner with my laptop for a couple hours - mostly Mexican families getting ice cream and shaved ice.  It's out of the way for me, but I'll swing by any time I'm in the Northeast.
Woah man, fresh ice cream! Crazy flavors! Normal ones too!
This place is the real deal. All their ice cream flavors are rich, complex, and utterly realistic. 
Most of the ice cream names are in Spanish.
They let you try before you buy.
My favorite flavors are Chongos (idk what kind of tasty magic they put in it, but I'm under its spell), and the orange one. Don't remember what it's called but it's the orange one that doesn't taste fruity. I'm sure if you ask for that description they'll know what you mean.
They also have rose flavored ice cream, with little bits of petals in it. Tastes just like they smell...rosey.
Definitely an experience and a delicious one at that.
This is my favorite ice cream place in the whole wide world.
This is another hidden gem in the Sunrise area, and now that I've been to every La Flor De Michoacan in town, I must say that this is my favorite one, because its a restaurant and ice cream shop in one! Not only do they offer Ice cream, sorbet, and agua fresca...

Pizza, Burgers, Chicken Wings, and Fries? They have those here...

Chicago Dogs, and Mexican style street dogs? They have these here too...

Salvadoran and Oaxacan specialities? They have these here too....

Smoothies, Frappes, and Boba Teas....BOBA TEAS!?!?!? Yup, they sell these too!

This location is clean and spacious, and you can even play Ms. Pac Man or watch TV here! Not only do they have all the flavors of the Charleston location, they have sweets and imported snacks from Mexico, and Chamoy sorbet, which is a tart sauce used on some of LFMs creations. Believe it or not, they even have a flavor named William Levy,(He's the one shmoozing poolside with the M&M, and a Dancing with the Stars finalist) after the "Latin Brad Pitt" LOL!!!! How's that for a unique flavor!?!?
The Ice creams, sorbets and snacks offered here are so plentiful, you could seriously have a meal and dessert in one sitting, and not feel cramped up like the other locations.

I finally decided on my usual Pine Nut and Cajeta, and wifey got Pine Nut and Rice Pudding. Always a cool bonus with the free toppings. As we were enjoying our ice cream, one of the workers were nice enough to give us a sample of some Pastel de Queso(Mexican Cheesecake) which was dense, rich, and smooth. I can't wait to return to try their hot dogs, Oaxacan specialities, and of course, more ice cream!....ALOHA!!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(51/100) "Tricked Out Sweet Shop"
Yet again we have found another Flor location...Yipee for us! This place beats all other Flor stores in my opinion for the simple fact that they serve their typical yummy variations of ice creams and agua frescas as well as Mexican and South American dishes and this place has a nice size seating area with both tables and booths. 

The service was also among the nicest I have encountered.  So attentive and helpful and as we were enjoying our ice cream a staff member or owner (couldn't tell) brought us a slice of their cheesecake asking us to sample it. Their menu both sweet and savory is extensive so bored we will not be anytime soon!
Wowza. This is a great Mexican neveria/restaurant that is so far from everything. Which is kind of ok with me, otherwise I would be in here every day.

My friend and I made the trek out here the other day and we were BLOWN AWAY with all the options of food and treats they offer. Besides like 20 rotating flavors of ice cream, they also offer about 8 different aguas frescas, paletas, and a ton of salty, spicy snacks. It literally took us half an hour to decide. I went for a scoop of mango and another of chamoy (chamoy is a sauce made from pickeld fruits, with salt and chile. Mexicans use it with everything, mango, cucumber, shaved ice, etc.) 

Do yourself a favor and try the chamoy, it is unbelievable! Usually when confronted with so many choices, my brain shuts down and I always end up getting the same thing. My friend got the chamango which was very good and we shared a cup of corn, which was just ok. 

I will be back, no doubt about it. Probably buying a liter of chamoy ice cream.
Back again, this time to try their savory items (and more ice cream of course!)

We were intrigued by the Tlayuda, a Oaxacan speciallity that looked like a pizza-Baked tortilla, black beans, cheese, onion lettuce, tomato, and avocado topped with a piece of carne asada, and chorizo. We also wanted to try one of their Hot Dogs. They had a Chicago style one, one called the Titanic, and another one called Chupale Pichon which means(according to the urban dictionary) "Suck my d**k"...Now why would you name it that when kids come in here too? Kinda awkward if a kid asks his parent for that!?!? Oh well...

Of the two items we got, the Titanic Hot Dog was the better one with bacon, onions, avocado, and sour cream. I'd probably get this again.The Tlayuda had good taste, but the tortilla had a stale texture instead of a nice crunch I was expecting.
Not something I'd order again. Our ice cream treats kinda made up for it in the end...whew!   ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(78/100) "Street Dogs and Sweets"
One of the most amazing places I've ever been to. Home made/artisinal style ice cream made with fresh ingredients. Their fresh aguas are made daily. A true hidden gem.
Just went in with my husband and kids. Very busy place. Waited in line for about 20 mins. Never seen it this busy. So many things to eat. Love coming here. I got the Fresas con crema, very good. My daughter got the banana split with the gansito ice cream. Very good taste just like a gansito. My husband and I split a titanic hot dog with fries. Very good. Next time were trying the chupale pichon. I wish they would lower their prices though. Very pricey  :(
The idea of this place is great, Mexican based ice cream shop. I was bothered by how much of a dirty environment it is. The tables to sit at were all covered with filth, employees did not follow basic health regulations, and there was hair in the food that I ordered. Not just a single strand of hair, a good amount for me to be upset about. I don't usually have a problem with such things, but this place disgusted me.
The food is amazing , as well as their flavored waters , not to mention the friendliest staff , I've encountered . They're very helpful & courteous from the moment you walk in . Definitely a family environment, I highly recommend it !
We would like to let our customers know that we are holding an event on June 29th to benefit The Nevada Childhood Cancer Foundation. From 4-8 pm we will be donating 50% of our profits to this wonderful foundation. Tell your friends & family to come out & support this great cause ! Hope to see you here , thank you !
If you want to try new flavors or stick with classics this is a great spot for homemade ice cream. The Mexican inspired ice cream is homemade on site. I love sampling the unique flavors. The ice cream is the perfect style of creamy texture and flavor. The staff are friendly but not all speak fluent English so getting translation of ingredients can be little tricky sometimes. There is frequently a line but generally it goes quickly. The food is ok but I would recommend going next door to Mama Marias if you want dinner and eating here for dessert! I would give the ice cream five stars, I took off due to cleanliness and food. The floors are frequently dirty and they generally can't keep up with cleaning the tables on busy nights. Both are due to heavy traffic. Overall, I highly recommend as a great homemade, unique ice cream shop. My whole family loves it. Would be a great stop on the way back from the Lake Mead.
This place is perfect for all those with a huge sweet tooth. They have a wide variety of creative Mexican ice cream, ice cream bars, brownies, funnel cake which they call funny cake and they even have good food. The price isn't too bad and im sure you will enjoy it. For those that like spicy treats they sell diablitos which are mango snow cone with chili and chamoy.
YUM!!!!
Love this place so yummy n very good service and clean love taking my family here and friends !!!!!
I finally got to try the infamous chamango! I was a little nervous because I thought there might be a little but chamoy and I wouldn't be able to eat it, but that was def not the case. I took the first bite of the mango and it was delicious! To be on the safe side I got it with mango ice cream. It was a delicious dessert I would def come back for!

Another plus? The service is super friendly! Good food and a good atmosphere, they def know what they're doing!
This place is awesome.  My husband loves the Hawaiian bannana split.  My daughetr loves the chamango and I love their pupusas and drinks especially the alfalfa and strawberry and cream one.  They have icecreams such as Rose flavored, gansito, tamarindo and many others.  Anyting here is good.
Mostly icream and other sweets but they have some dinner plates and specialty hotdogs! 

Tonight I got two scoops of ice cream, Rose petal and eggnog! The rose petal smelled like roses, was pink and had small bits of rose petals! Small bites was really good but big bites, was slightly soapy tasting. 

The egg nog was very good! Small raisins and had a rich creamy taste, would get this one again. 

Very easy menu order by site or if you read spanish, but if not staff very good at helping you understand whats what!
I always come to this store for their rose ice cream, its so good and it has a floral scent and taste of roses, i always get it when its available. They have many flavors of ice cream and they always let you try them before you buy the ice cream. They have a friendly staff and a large variety of foods and desserts to try. if you are in this area you should check this place out.
BEST ice cream in town!! Delicious Banana Split and Tostilocos! Great experience overall. Very friendly staff! Definitely will drive 10 miles again and again! Hope they have fried ice cream next time!
I had been coming here for years for their ice cream and aguas fresas. This year I stopped going because every time I go and order a chamango they give me the least appetizing bright green mangos. Last time I went I ordered 5 ( for my family) and had to throw all of them out because they were too gross to eat. The ice cream is still great but not enough to bring me back.
Segun de Michoacan y tienen pura comida Salvadorena esas son mensadas deverian d acer Mexicana
I will not be going here ever again.
First stuff yourself next door at Momma Maria's
With the best chili Verde in LV. Then take a swim in any ice cream concoction they have a picture of. It's all good! !
They have the best chamangos in Las Vegas! I've tried them in a few other spots and they are no where near as good! I tried them here and I was surprised how good they were! Everything I've tried I've liked!
I really enjoyed my chili rellenos -- nice kick to them.
We have been to the week-old Villa's twice now, once for dinner and once for breakfast. The space is cozy, with about 7 booths, and a colorfully painted wall with a tiled opening where you order and then another where you pick up your food. All of the employees have been very friendly and willing to chat and answer questions. The chef/owner, Rene, told us that he had worked 130 hours in the first week, cooking from 6 am to 10 pm, but that all of the early positive feedback made it worthwhile. We didn't get a chance to meet his wife, Angelica, but she was the one who had contacted me via Yelp messaging weeks ago, inviting me to come in and give them a try (as I had been complaining of the woeful Laveen restaurant scene) and also kept interest piqued on Facebook. Very smart use of free social networking sites, I'd say. 

On to the food: my husband tried a carne asada burrito, California style, and declared it one of the best burritos he's had in the valley. It had carne, cheese, fresh pico, and potatoes in a large fresh flour tortilla. I had a bite, and it was indeed scrumptious. I asked for a combination of the carnitas and carne platters, because I wanted to try both meats, and they were cheerfully accommodating. Both meats were tender, but I found the carne to be much more flavorful. I have become used to the style of carnitas at Garcia's Las Avenidas,which is cooked in more spices. I also prefer the refried beans from Garcia's, but Villa's were pretty good. The pico both looked and tasted super fresh, and the rice was very moist and flavorful with some bits of fresh corn, peas, and tomato scattered throughout. For breakfast two days later, we each had a breakfast burrito, most of which have eggs, potato, and cheese, with some type of meat. I had it with bacon, but my husband, who tries to eat vegetarian as often as he can stand it, had it meatless. He found he missed the meat, especially after he grabbed my burrito and took a few healthy chomps out of it. The burritos were very good sized- I couldn't finish mine, and Bob was quite full after his (and the rest of mine). It's the kind of breakfast that will keep you going all morning. 

We are thrilled that Villa's has lived up to its promises of great, fresh, all in-house made Mexican cuisine, and we will return often to work our way through the menu. Finally, Laveen, we have a great restaurant!
we had the chicken enchilada plate, chicken torta, and rolled tacos.  very tasty and fresh, but chile and salsa were not hot.  cant wait to try their spicier dishes!
I was excited to see a new place to eat in Laveen, but this place didn't deliver.  The first time I had the taco & beef burrito plate... taco was decent but the burro was woof.  I gave the place a second try and ordered the supreme burrito...  double woof!  It was smothered with a store bought type enchilada sauce.  YUCK!  Anyways, I've learned my lesson and II'll stick to the other FEW good places around...  i.e.  Duners, Starbucks...  ah I think that's it.
We're having trouble deciding whether we like El Gran Tacquito or Villa's better.....  They're literally right across the parking lot from each other, they offer somewhat similar menus, and I thought I heard that the owners were related.  But they also seem different.

My son and I have tried Villa's twice now, having taken my wife on the last visit, and have tried the following:

Beans (in burrito and as a side) -- decent beans and cheese, as well as a tasty red salsa on the side that goes well with them.

Chips -- freshly fried tortilla chips are the best and for some reason rare in these smaller Mexican restaurants.  Villa's has them.

Guacamole -- quite good, actually; a nice balance of the lime, cilantro, onions/garlic in a creamy avocado base.  Highly recommended.

Chicken Burrito -- also quite good.  My wife thinks this one definitely beats the place across the parking lot.  I think I agree.

Carnitas Burrito -- This is what I ordered on my last visit, and I thought it was excellent.  The pork tasted like it had been slow roasted, a little dry and fatty, but just about right.  And the tortilla, as always, is quite tasty.

Villa's, though, needs a little help with the ambience.  The walls are mostly bare and the sun comes glaring straight through the windows at dinner time.  Only half of each plastic bench/table combo is actually functional when trying to avoid the harsh sunlight.

Otherwise, I'd say that the owners have done a great job in this tiny little space.  But seriously, this is the second Mexican food place to open in Laveen and not offer cervezas on the menu.  I hope the next one to open (I'm sure there will be more) sees this opportunity.

One more note: I did not appreciate being bombarded on Yelp by the owner's messages announcing that Villa's was opening soon.  Also, my first attempt to visit -- after receiving a coupon on my Fry's receipt -- was a failure, as they hadn't yet opened.  Perhaps the owners could work a little harder on future marketing efforts.
A few of my friends and I visited Villa's this morning and had a very negative experience.
- We waited an hour (55 minutes) for our food (for 5 people)
- A two-burrito order was lost and had to be re-ordered
- Many people complained that they have been waiting for over 30 minutes.
- The burritos we had were soggy for some reason
- The carnitas plate had strips of very tough meat

Conclusion:
Either don't go to Villa's during normal peak hours, or go somewhere else.
Portions are large. Prices are low. The green sauce is okay...I wish that I could say the same for the red. I probably need to try something besides the breakfast burritos before I say anything else. It's no Carolinas, but I'm sure I'll go back and try some other menu items.
I've been to Villas four times since it opened.  Since its right across the street from my house, I really wanted to like it.  I was excited to see a Mexican place opening so close other than El Gran Taquito. 

Every time I've gone there, service has been slow.   Two times we have gone and a part of our order has been forgotten.  Today I went and ordered a single item, a bean burrito, and they didn't even START making it for 25 minutes (the window allows you to see them cooking).  For what is supposed to be convenience food, the service is just not there.  The food is average, but after factoring in the wait time, I don't think I'll go back.

I've had fairly good luck with Vaquero's (southern and 19th Ave), although it is a bit further from Laveen.
I have tried this three times, trying to give them time to learn and improve since this is a new business. Well, we tried a couple different items each time we went......and well it hasn't been very impressive. It seems that they use a microwave to reheat their pre cooked food. We have tried the Carne Asada a couple times and it was dry and tough, as if you microwaved a piece of steak. The one time that they had chicken, it was ok. The fresh chips that we ordered were greasy and it even leaked through the brown paper bag. I think we visited this place for the last time. Hope it gets better!
Stopped in here this morning hungry for my usual Mexican combo, a Chile Relleno & a shredded beef taco, with Spanish Rice, refried beans, plus chips & salsa.  Here's how it was for me:


THE GOOD:

*  This is a clean, modern little cafe with BOOTHS!     :-))

*  The combo I wanted wasn't offered on the menu, but they substituted the usual cheese enchilada with my shredded beef taco, for the same price ($6.59).  I also ordered chips & salsa, sold separately ($1), & a cup of coffee.

*  The help-yourself coffee was free!

*  The order of chips & salsa was big!

*  The (Anaheim) Chile Relleno was tasty & came with a dollop of sour cream to put on top!

*  The taco was ok.


THE NOT SO GOOD:

*  The coffee wasn't very good.

*  The Chile Relleno was small.

*  The Spanish Rice & refried beans were barely warm.

Ok, so while Villa's here certainly wasn't awful, I have some Mexican restaurants on my list with similar prices for the same meal that earned 5 Stars!
I am torn with Villa's because they really do try. The beans are awesome but to cheesy. My family and I tried many dishes including the diablo shrimp which was rather tasty but wayyyy to spicy. But, hey the name warns you. The Mexican hot dog was a nice treat after trying it in California, never seen this anywhere else. They have whats called a California burrito which was really tasty a mixture of carne asada, potatoes, cheese and pico de gallo, yummy, right? Just too greasy. The breakfast burritos would be perfect if they weren't so greasy, may be because the overload of cheese, next time I'll ask for less. The taquitos are always good way better than Vaqueros. We will continue to go.
This is not my "Nanas" cooking. Every review is correct the food sucks. I used to work in that area, my co-workers and I would always settle for the mexican grill next to subway.
The food was great at first but the last two times I ordered bean and cheese burritos they were cold...so cold the cheese was not melted. I do hope they correct this soon.
Food is great the service SUCKS!! 20 minutes for a breakfast burrito?? This happens ALL the time. The owners obviously have no idea how to properly staff this place. They have one guy taking orders and cooking. I'm never coming back. Ill be going to Filibertos on 51st and the 10 from now on.

If the owners want their business to not fail they better fix this. I facebooked about this and got 80 likes in 30 minutes. I also posted on 6 other sites letting people know not to come to this place.
The food is pretty good, but the service is ............ very bad. I ran over around 8:00 pm to get a bean and cheese burrito. It took around 30 minutes to get that order. All of the employees working that night appeard to be under 18. There looked to have been some kind of small fire in the kitchen, but they never came out to say what was going on or any kind of updates on the status of the orders. I was not the only person waiting, another customer was there 40 mins +. With the abundance of mexican restaurants in that area, I doubt I will be back.
I really, really like Villa's.  The service is friendly, the food is good, and they are local with reasonable prices.  The bean and cheese burrito is my favorite, and the machaca & carne asada burritos are pretty tasty, too.   They could be faster, but I call ahead  a few minutes & my order is usually ready.
I gave them another chance............ this time no fires, no excessive waiting, and adults working there. Much better and I will be back.
This restaurant location used to be El Mas Sabroso. Sadly, El Mas Sabroso is permanently closed. This is the new Mexican joint there now.  They cleaned it up a bit and redecorated/remodeled. Kinda like Filiberto's, but nicer and more modern inside. I think they were going for the Chipotle's look. Their food is good and the pricing is about the same. Carnitas was really dry which is odd. Rice is outstanding.

Like Filiberto's, the burritos come with pure meat. Wanna add rice or beans? It'll cost ya! Wait... they have to remove meat to fit the rice/beans. Rice and beans are cheaper than meat! Why on earth would anyone charge more money when they are saving money??!?  Senseless.
I go to villas all the time this place has great food and is very cheap. You should for sure come here to get some quality grub!
Just okay. Not a place to eat inside. Our order took forever to come out, and I mean forever.  The air was oily, the portion of cheese stuffed pepper was very small.  The mini taco I had was fine, but the rest of the experience pretty well spoiled it.  The girl behind the counter had no idea what she was doing, and was not at all attentive to her customers. I really wanted to like this place, but we will not be back.  Thankfully, Gorda's is close by and has great service and food.
This place is a gem - had a few burritos from there and can't wait to try other things.  I had the California Carne Asada burro yesterday - it was GREAT!  My honey usually gets the mixed burro with chicken, which is super too.

Cheap, big portions, friendly service.  It's going to be one of our go-to places if we don't feel like cooking!
Very unhappy to report the terrible experience I had at villas. We have been going to villas for months now and always had a great experience but it seems that they have fallen prey like every other business has now a days to poor employee attitudes and services. We got a few burritos last night and they were cold not like room like sitting around for a considerable time frame cold which struck me as odd since they supposedly make it right when you order it. The cheese wasn't melted even but as it was already after 8:30 and my wife and I were both very hungry we put the burritos in the microwave and ate them anyway, assuming that the issue was just that they may be rushed the job because it was a little late and the tortilla and cheese just weren't warmed enough. BIG MISTAKE! 
The following morning my wife and I both are sick nauseous and the whole nine yards.
So very disappointed this is an establishment that serves food to people that's a serious responsibility because this goes into peoples bodies...
If you can't find the energy to do your job correctly all the way till closing time them maybe you should consider and earlier closing time. I don't feel that if I come in after 8 I should expect that food poisoning is a possibility.
This is unacceptable I will be reporting them to any agency that is appropriate and wanted to let you all know so you can steer clear of villas.
Another update....

I have been going to Villa's roughly every other weekend for a few months for the Chorizo breakfast burrito. I have to admit that I am addicted and it is to the point where I do not have to order when I get there. They know what I want and get it started as soon as they see me. Glad I gave this place another chance, it was worth it!
I keep hearing good reviews for this place, so I tried it again.  This time we had chili rellenos again and nachos.  The chilis were larger than last time we were there, so that was an improvement  The service was definitely better.  The nacho plate was large and looked nice, but tasted AWFUL.  The meat was very tough, it seemed overcooked or possibly reheated.  I did not feel well after.  I wanted to like this place, but I will not be going back.
Let me start by saying the food is always average but so convenient that we have frequented this place on a weekly basis since they opened. 

Well, last night we went and it was a little bit busy - 5-6 orders before us. I ordered a simple order of two kids meals (bean burro and quesadilla) and a red chili plate. It was to be "for here". The time on my receipt is 7:07pm. 

Finally, my 4 year old asked if we were ever going to eat, I looked at the time and it was 7:44. I went and asked about our food. They had no idea, no food ticket, nothing. Two of the girls argued over who lost the ticket. Finally they reprinted my ticket. I had to wait for two other people to get their food before, finally at 7:56 receiving my food - TO GO. I told them it was supposed to be for here. The girl looks at the ticket all confused. I told her nevermind, grabbed our food and headed home. We live 3 minutes from the shop.

We got home, opened our COLD food and ate! 

I called this morning to give them a chance to make this right and Dehlia, the manager, told me she would have to talk to "her girls" to see what happened. She never took my phone number to call me back or anything. She could not care less about this.

With three other mexican restaurants in the same shopping center, I suggest Villas starts caring about their customer service.
Best breakfast burritos!!! Such good food, their Lengua Taco's are the BOMB!
The fish tacos were outstanding
Great prices and great food. Had the chile verde several times and the menudo on saturday and sunday is really good.  Love this place for take out, they do have eat in as well.
We eat here almost every weekend and the food is awesome!! service is great definitely a plus in my book. blows filibertos away if you can even compare the two.
Now I come every weekend... Love this burrito. I don't even have to order it anymore because the staff knows what I want and how I like it . There is another restaurant similar next door with a drive thru and I still come here. Yummm!
The food is great and so is the service. Taco Tuesday is awesome and I you are ever super hungry try the Carne Asada fries. So much you can't finish it. Its great to see this place flourish with Filibertos next door. I would choose Villa's everyday over Fili.
This my favorite place to eat authentic mexican food. The workers are polite & friendly. The atmosphere is neighborhood friendly. I always  tell my friends about this place. Villa's Mexican Food is what makes Laveen an awesome place to live & eat.
I used to go there more often, but the last few times the wait has been waaay too long.  

The last time I went, I ordered just a bean and cheese burrito.  It was like 3pm, not a busy time at all.  It took them 20 minutes to get me the burrito, when I was the only one in the place.

I got home and started to eat only to find that the beans tasted like canned beans from the grocery store.  I'm wondering, did they run out and run over to Fry's to pick up a can of beans?!

Anyway, I'd rather go to Gordas when looking for somewhere in Laveen for Mexican food.  But I will probably still stop in from time to time, the enchiladas at Villas are really good.  The bean burrito was not bad before when I have had it.
Always great food here People are always nice
And they have beer.    Free wifi as well 
What more can you ask for?
Giving two start because of the terrible customer service.  We spent an usually long amount of time discussing  our non-complicated/completely ordinary order of tacos and quesadillas with the cashier, and went over it not once but three times before she got it right.  Order went in and then we waited, and waited, and waited some more.  Finally our order was ready and after all of that time spent going over the order, it was still wrong!  Food was delicious but not worth the wait or hassle.
So, I was walking in the Quartermile at around 8am, which was a frightening experience in and of itself, since being in the middle of the Quartermile feels like you're in a time warp of what Edinburgh would be like if they continued taking down old buildings and replacing them with huge rectangular glass buildings. It was way early in the morning so I was feeling particularly disoriented because of where I was, but then I saw Peter's Yard and thought I'd found my bearings again. How wrong I was. It was ANOTHER Peter's Yard, about 10 metres out the back door of the one whose coffee I am so thoroughly addicted to.

That's possibly the only reason I've given it 4 instead of 5 stars. I think there's something very Starbucksian (yes, that's exactly what I mean) about opening another branch of the same business less than 10 minute walk from the previous one. It's just weird. They sell everything you get at Peter's Yard minus the sit-in food. There's ice cream, coffee, etc. And the only advantage of this one is that it's tucked away so no-one really knows it's there.
Is there anything better than a cup of freshly ground coffee and a warm artisan muffin or pastry? 

Actually, there is and that's sitting in the fresh air and following the coffee and cake with a piping hot bowl of soup, a slice of fresh sourdough bread and finally, a home-made ice-cream or fruit sorbet. 

For those lucky enough to work or live in the area, Peter Yard's is extending the opening hours of this new Savour To Go branch from mid-day to 8pm during the Edinburgh Festival - so expect to see performers and audiences grabbing a slice of something tasty between shows.
Close to the Uni..
Pop-in, pop-out, easy lunch...
Same great taste - To Go!
Love this wee gem of a place. It's tucked away which means it's quiter than their bigger shop/cafe at Quartermile. I am head over heels for their mango sorbet. I could eat it all day. Sunshine in a pot whether the sun is really out or not. They have a few sorbets & lots of interesting ice cream flavours that I'd love to try (damn you lactose intolerance).
Also serves sandwiches & drinks so a great place to grab lunch if you're in the area/heading to the Meadows & want to avoid the queues of the more apparent venues on the main drag.
I like Peter's Yard. Despite that I find their prices shocking sometimes, I go here regularly. So regularly that I can't deny I like them. I like their coffee (Artisan Roast), I like their fruit buns, I like their scones, I like the Swedish stylings. I like their outdoor seating.

But wait, that's for the original Peter's yard visible on Quartermile. Tucked behind them one block back in the QM development is their 'Savour To Go' shop. It's like the little sister of the original: same stylings, same coffee; same fruit buns; same sandwiches and soups. But with the addition of ice cream. And the prices are slightly lower. And there's less of a queue.

There are still seats inside and a few out. The baristas are just as friendly, the quality is the same. But it allows you to get a coffee quicker, at a lower price, and still enjoy Peter's wares. Perfect.

I haven't tried their ice cream yet, but I know many knowing locals (and tourists who discover it) will be walking around the Meadows smugly this August, whilst others who haven't discovered Peter's little sister will be wondering where they got that amazing looking Lingonberry Icecream!
So I haven't been to Weinerschnitzel in a long time, they have a lot of deals right now including 5 for $5 classic chili dogs and a chili dog, chili fries and a chili burger for $3.99.  I got two orders of 5 for $5 classic chili dogs for me and my friends, it was as good as I remember!  I don't plan on making it a regular occurrence but I if I am in the mood for fast food I'll remember to add Weinerschnitzel to the "rotation" ;)
I went to Wienerschnitzel back in september cause i had a coupon for a chili dog, chil cheese burger and chili fries for about 3.99. It's now about four months later and i will never forget how bad the food was. The hamburger had grissel all threw it, the hot dog was gross and the chili was even worse. I would not feed this stuff to my dog.
Oh how I love Der Wienerschnitzel! I grew up as a kid coming by here on and off with my dad. He would always get Chili Cheese Fries and a ton of Chili Cheese Dogs and we'd just go to town. It's still just as good as I remember from my childhood, the bread is always hot and fresh, the chili perfect, and the deals not half bad either. This is the closest location to where I live which is at least six miles aways because they just don't build many of these, but I try to swing by whenever I can. It's not the best food you'll ever have, and it's not exactly healthy either, but it's really good, fun, tasty food!
I have a friend who is from Austria, and she hates the fact that this place is named just like an Austrian dish that DOES NOT consist of hot dogs or anything like that. That aside...

I like this place. They have good deals, though the trade-off for that is you're not getting the best food ever. If you walk in here with expectations of high-quality food, this is not it. Think Del Taco and you're on the right track. 

I don't really have a lot to say about this place other than it's value-oriented. And there's a Subway connected to it if you feel like eating that.
Wienerschnitzel is no Tommy's. The chili is not as good and the beef in the burgers tastes cheap and reheated. But in a pinch, it works. The price is fair and they have a few good options I've not seen any where else. Like the junk yard dog and burger. Those are topped with fries and chili. Good eats given it is coming from Wienerschnitzel. I even saw some fish options on the menu tonight. That was a surprise. Not that I would order any of it. I don't care for fish.  Basically, since I don't live near a Tommy's, this is where I go for a chili dog and don't want to make it myself.
Disgusting. The food was unacceptable, and the staff was even worse. They got our order wrong, they were crazy rude. We will never be back.
For some reason I have thought that these where what a burgers almost same logo etc. So I was kinda sad to  see this rather then one lol. But honestly it was really good even better then in and out I would say. That being said I will not rate over a 3 star those are generally what I like to reserve for higher end burger joints.Needing lunch just stoped in and got a burger with chili and cheese really good shockingly. Good prices etc.. but average drive threw food at best. I am still triing to find a place that does crushed ice.
If you're in the mood for an inexpensive chili dog, Wienerschnitzel is definitely the place to go.  This location seemed awfully slow at 10:30 am but maybe the lunch rush hadn't arrived yet.  I was the first of the day to get soda from the fountain and the diet Pepsi tasted HORRIBLE.  Even after letting it run for a bit, it still tasted horrible.  Probably more the Pepsi distributor's fault but if this isn't an isolated case, beware of how the soda tastes.
I guess I am unlike the other reviewers in that I LOVE the tart and now unfortunately they don't have it anymore. Sniffle sniffle. I will now have to go to Zoyo which is further away.
Our family has been to Yoasis Ahwatukee several times, each time they have not disappointed us! There are 12 yummy flavors of all tastes and indulgences.  If that wasn't enough, there are over 50 toppings you can add to the delicious flavors! Candies, fruits, sauces and the wonderful cheesecake bites!  Wow!

The staff has always been friendly.  Not as helpful, but then, it is self-serve.  They do a good job of keeping the place tidy with as many kids and child-like parents, myself included, that frequent their establishment.  I our visits have been better than some of the other reviewers.  Hopefully those reviews were read and changes made by Yoasis. 

We look forward to visiting again!
Yoasis is set up like other self serve yogurt places but it also has a meeting room as well as patio seating. The parking is excellent and the place is spotless. 
They have a punch card for frequent patrons and I will admit that I am on my third punch card. After nine purchases your 10th one is free. 
Every flavor I have had has been excellent. The topping selection is always clean and well organized. 
This is a very popular spot for kids Fridays after school. It is also very popular for families on the weekends. 
Well air conditioned indoor seating is also very nice and it is very accessible for handicapped needs.
Enjoyed variety of exotic flavors...but it could use some normal flavors too. Pricing for froyo pretty good compared to local competition.
Tasty frozen yogurt with extensive topping choices.  All of the yogurt is clearly marked as to its status - non dairy, fat free, low fat, sugar free, etc.  In a great location as there isn't much else this far out in Ahwatukee...
Sweet place. Good yogurt, good mix ins.
I like how involved they are in the community  - they have a community bulletin board you should check out, and last time they had some crazy fundraiser.
I looooooove this place!!! It has the most unique flavors and the best toppings. Love the   "Boba".
Decent frozen yogurt here. Nothing really special and prices are a bit high. If you're in the Foothills and are looking for a fix, it's worth stopping by, but it's not worth going out of your way for.
flavors suck, managment sucks, there were kids eating like pigs, never again will i go there
A locally owned yogurt shop, with friendly staff and a wide range of flavors and toppings! I especially like the sour apple + dulce de leche twist that makes it taste like a caramel apple! They always seem to have a lot of fresh fruit toppings, and they have TOASTED coconut in addition to regular coconut! (Never seen that at any other yogurt store before)

The price per oz is more than the average yogurt store, but its variety and proximity to my house keeps me coming back for more!
My husband and I just moved back to Ahwatukee and tried ALL the frozen yogurt places in the area!  Yoasis is by far and away the BEST and Cleanest location!  There are a TON of toppings there and the staff is great!
Its good, sometimes the topping options are stale/old. Pistachio is the best flavor but comes and goes. The kids working don't know most of the products as well. But its down the street and easy to go to!
Found this place by chance because we live in the area.  It is now our favorite Fro Yo spot!  Nice family-owned feel.  There are always at least a dozen different flavors and this place definitely has the most toppings i've seen around other frozen yogurt places.  Love it!!!
This place ROCKS!  I can say that as many times that I have visited, I have never had a bad experience.  

There is always an amazing variety of flavors and toppings.  In fact more toppings than what I have seen at other local Fro Yo locations in the area.  New flavors are introduced weekly and there are always "stand-by" flavors available.  Additionally there are "dairy-free" options.

They have a loyalty stamp card, often have coupons, and utilize social media for specials.  

I always feel welcomed when I walk in and I am able to sample flavors with sampling cups anytime.  

I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
This is a really good place to hang out and get frozen yogurt. They have a nice variety of frozen yogurt flavors available, and a ton of toppings available to add.

My only reason for giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that they are kind of expensive as they charge by weight, so it is easy to rack up a $5 yogurt if you're not careful.
Yoasis is a great Mom and Pop froyo shop, and it's just what this part of "booniesville" Ahwatukee needed. 

There aren't too many of them in this area, either, so it's nice not to have to support one of the giant chains nearby that aren't that great (Orange Leaf, Zoyo, etc.). 

This is where I got my froyo fix while living here four years ago. Now I only drop by if I'm house/dog sitting for my family ... Or had if I had some dental work done across the street like last night! 

The flavors are always rich, creamy and delicious. Multiple non dairy, sugar free and non fat options for everyone. Not sure about gluten free, though.

The names are cute too: Cabo Cake Batter, Matzatlan Milk Chocolate, Manele Bay Mint, Riviera Red Velvet, etc. I love when they bring back pumpkin spice around Halloween!

A while back we asked one of the employees if they make their product in house (like my favorite place in Tempe, Aloha Yogurt). 

Turns out, it's mixes from cartons. Bummer, dudes. 

The place is consistently clean. I just wish there was a little more variety of Boba, fruit, etc. on the toppings bar since there's so much candy, syrups, cookies, cakes, cereals, etc. 

Most recently I got their Non Dairy Pineapple with a splash of Pomegranate Sorbet and some fruit toppings. Crackhead combo? Yes. Tasty? Definitely!  Dude got a standby, Mint and Chocolate swirled.

Yoasis now also offers Gelato (haven't tried) and Yoghund yogurts for your fur children. My dog, Halo, absolutely flips for these treats!

Little more pricey than other shops in the area at .43 per ounce. Don't forget to get a punch card! 

Give Yoasis a try, you won't regret it!
My go to spot for desert. Just send one of the kids over and they'll pick it up for me. Great atmosphere and family friendly. The right attitude and we use the punch ticket coupon constantly. They typically have two non dairy yogurts which is more than other yogurt shops in the area. I of course prefer more non diary options but CE LA VIE!
Great flavor and options! A little pricey but awesome for the summer :) Glad to have froyo down in this area.
I love lots of options and Yoasis has lots of options! 12 yogurts, endless fresh toppings, sauces like Nutella, Godiva chocolate and many more. I wish they had this place when I was a kid. I would have lost my marbles over it! My husband loves the "recipes" for yogurt mixes and toppings that they provide. They even have doggie frozen treats that my dogs go crazy over. I love that it's a mom and pop place! I wish there were more establishments like it.
REALLLLLLY!!!! Finally!  Japanese style crepes in Vegas?!?!?

For those of you who are so loveable that you have read my reviews in other states, you know I have a thing for hand held crepes.  My favorite place is Sophie's in San Francisco's Japantown, a place I went daily on my most recent Bay Area vacation (I posted a pic with my review of my eating the coveted green tea ice cream red bean paste matcha sauce crepe).  Then last summer in Seattle, I made my co-vacationers go to a mall just so I could try Unicone.

Needless to say, I had no idea based on the picture on yelp that the crepes would be hand held.  I just went because I knew it would at least smell good in a place that makes crepes and waffles!  Heading in there today, I learned that Crepe Shack opened 3 days ago.  Owner Li is a young entrepreneur with a big colorful space and lots of restaurant experience.  We talked at length about the business idea, his support of other new businesses and food trucks, and sushi (because we all love it mmm).

He is working out supplier issues so more toppings and ice cream flavors are to come, but for now, there is still a great selection.  I enjoyed a crepe with fresh strawberries and kiwi, shredded coconut, and almonds.  It was a really good treat, sweet and tasted healthy.  Li told me the batter is meant to taste fortune-cookie-esque, and it did.  This is a really fun place for a "healthy sweet tooth" craving.  If you track me down at the Yelp Seats kickoff on Tuesday, Li gave me a stack of 15% off cards that I can hand out!  Bon appetit!
Awesome, affordable Crepes! Many different combos. Ate there this morning with my special lady friend we both left with smiles on our faces. We will be back.
It's at the end of the shopping center where trader joes is. Pretty big place & friendly service. I had the "mix" which had strawberry, bananas, and kiwis (with strawberry ice-cream). It's like a crepe burrito but shaped more like an ice cream cone. It's quite good and mad props for having mexican coke with real sugar. Go ahead and drop by; I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Well, after waiting months for it to open, I was a bit disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the freshness and quality are great for the price, but it still is a bit lacking. It really wasn't enough of a "breakfast/lunch" type menu. No meats really, everything is virtually cold. Most of the items are a "build your own" option, and if not guided by an employee, the finished products can be boring.  

Ordered:
*Bananas with Waffle. It was just that. Plain but fresh. Should have added ice cream or whipped cream. 
*Crepe with Apples, Almonds & Caramel Sauce. Caramel was runny, and settled in the bottom of the cone, leaving the rest dry. But fresh none the less.
* Chocolate Chip Waffle with ice cream & Bananas Foster Crepe. 

Suggestions & Comments:
- Need real utensils. Eating waffles with plastic forks is not good. 
- Some food just needs to be warm. The crepes are cold, fillings and fruit are cold... maybe get a griddle or electric skillet, or even a microwave to eat toppings. An offering of meat toppings would be good too. Eggs, sausage, bacon, etc... 
- Offer a plated crepe option so they can be eaten more evenly.
- Food is messy. add napkins/holders/wetnaps on each table. 
- Employees need to suggest items or give samples. Several customers came in, read the menu, and then left. :(

Overal, I don't think I'll be returning any time soon unless they're are some BIG changes. I do appreciate the freshness and quality for the price. I'd happily bring my vegetarian toddler here for a quality treat afterschool. And that is a good thing :) better to take the kids hear then just about every local fast food joint.
Yummy!!  I went here 2 weeks ago and it was really good.  Customer Service was excellent.  Way to go guys!

I had the Crepe  with cheesecake bites, ice cream and berries.  I have never had a Japanese Crepe before and they now have a fan.
This place is awesome.. The crepe I ordered was chocolotety.. Nutella, chocolate ice cream and chocolate toppings.. I loved it!

-Kyle, 7 years old
Was in the mood for waffles and found this place on Yelp. Decided it was a must try based on the reviews. Wow, did not disappoint! Had the bananas foster waffle with a scoop of birthday cake ice cream, good stuff! Staff is very friendly and helpful especially if it's your first time.
Went here last weekend and got an original waffle w/ nutella, bananas and almonds. It was really yummy!

Everyone in my group got an different type and all though they were yum-0!

The place had fairly good foot traffic which was awesome considering it is a locally owned place. the only thing i thought was weird is they have real plates but plastic utensils.

Ill be back and have told my coworkers about it!
Super impressed!  The food was delicious, the staff was friendly, and the place is very clean.  I'd never experienced Japanese crepes before, and I'm pleased to report I have a new favorite.  Not so heavy as to make you stuffed, but sweet enough to satisfy.  I had the Elvis, which is a crepe with banana, peanut butter, and ice cream.  I also tried the yogurt parfait, which was well done, and I got to pick my fruits, which I liked.

It's great to have something new and different in my neighborhood.  Also, they stay open late, so check them out!
Yea! We finally made it to Crepe Shack & Waffles! Where to begin?
 
First off, the spotless place is painted color block style in the bright cheery colors you'd expect from a ice cream/dessert place. It's gets a bit of extra character from super high ceilings with some exposed ductwork, and those bright walls, which are cinder block.

The staff is very friendly and helpful...my youngest, choosing to be a pain, couldn't decide what to get, and was only making the weakest attempt at reading the extensive menu. Instead of being annoyed with her (as I was), the lady asked her a few questions about her favorite flavors and set her up with a waffle with raspberries, blueberries (Tickle Me Berry) and coffee ice cream. It was a surprise win. My oldest had no problem, going for the Camp Out S'more waffle... mini marshmallows, graham cracker crumbles and chocolate sauce. She chose chocolate ice cream and wordlessly devoured the thing with amazing precision. My honey and I decided to split one of their signature hand held Japanese crepes. We went for the Make Me Swirl...cheesecake chunks, strawberries and blueberries, and chose strawberry ice cream. It was beyond fresh, and oh so delicious! We were regretting not being hungry enough to order one for each of us, as we were dying to try the East Meets West..red bean, condensed milk and mochi bites. Ah well, next time. There will definitely be a next time!

I would like to clear up any confusion one might have about Crepe Shack & Waffles. This is a DESSERT place!!! When you walk in, it screams dessert. You'll read reviews bemoaning the fact that they have nothing savory. You can smell the crepes from the parking lot...nothing about it says lunch. Now the crepes...these are Japanese crepes, not the French sort. They're lightly sweet, somewhat reminiscent of a fortune cookie in flavor, but very tender. They roll your selections up in a hand held cone. They have coffees, teas, etc, but we had our treats and dashed. 

They're right next to Trader Joes, so stop and get a crepe first...it'll keep you from impulse buying at Traders. Never shop hungry!
This place is great! I really enjoyed the crepe and the staff were very friendly. I would give it five stars if they offered sorbet or another non-dairy frozen alternative. Overall though, I enjoyed my crepe and will return.
I've wanted to try Japanese-style crepes for a while after learning about their existence through reviews on Yelp LA (Yes, I like to peruse the eats of other cities...). Sadly, Vegas is slow on food trends...forcing me to look at pictures (like this http://bit.ly/h42u9L and this http://bit.ly/ftAs5D) of these crepes to satisfy my craving. Just in the nick of time before I was about to attempt to create my own Japanese crepe in my kitchen, Crepe Shack & Waffles popped up in my neighborhood next to my beloved Trader Joe's. And reading all the fabulous reviews, I knew I had to make a visit to this shop ASAP. With friend by my side, I visited Crepe Shack & Waffles for a sweet dinner treat. 

The place is super clean and roomy with high ceilings, colorful walls & a minimalist feel. Perfectly designed to cater to the rush of high school students who come by this place after school and during the night to hang out. Plus 1 for free wi-fi! 

Upon walking in, we were greeted by one of the workers who explained how the menu and ordering process worked. My friend and I both decided to order from the Specialty menu rather than the DIY menu, as the Specialty Crepes are a much better deal in terms of price. I chose the Tickle Me Berry (Strawberry, Raspberry & Blueberry) Specialty Crepe w/ Green Tea ice cream and no whipped cream, and w/ my Yelp discount I paid less than $5 for this wonderful cone of yumminess. 

Owner Li and I started talking about his business, Yelp & such, while he was making my crepe. He told me that he wanted to make his crepe batter reminiscent in flavor to a fortune cookie with the addition of more vanilla,  compared to regular crepes which are more eggy in taste. Great decision! I'd much rather taste more vanilla than more egg. Anyways, after Li added fresh strawberries, blueberries & YELLOW raspberries (!) and a scoop of ice cream into my crepe, he rolled it up in a cone and handed me this piece of food art. Being a Japanese-crepe newbie, I thought the crepe was meant to be eaten w/ a fork at first, but then I realized "utensils not required" as it's meant to be eaten like how you would eat an ice cream cone. 

I took my first bite and was impressed. The crepe itself was thin, soft, airy & slightly chewy all at the same time. The flavor of the crepe was sweet but not too sweet, the berries were fresh (I wanted more berries...) & the ice cream was just the right amount of sweetness. All these elements harmonized well with each other, resulting in a concoction that left my sweet tooth satisfied and not aching. I felt less guilty about eating this somehow. My favorite part of the crepe was the last bites before it disappeared, as the slightly melted ice cream combined w/ the remaining fruit and the crepe made for the last perfect bites. 

I'll be back again with friends in the near future. Not just for the yummy crepes but for the friendly service as well. I hope this place sticks around for a while.
I like anything with fresh fruit and ice cream so, that made me a fan already.  

Environment and Structure: Clean and cool, bright, and fun decor.  Although I did notice maintenance paper covering some windows all the way towards the ceiling.  Maybe they weren't done renovating? Free Wi-Fi to do homework/study which is a major plus =)  There's a glass separation between you and the crepe-making table so you can see your order being made.  What I disliked about it was how tall it was.  I could barely hear the employee on the other side of the bar and I couldn't speak to her either.  There are shirts hanging on the wall for self-promotion.  And they're pretty cute if you're a serious fan and you want to purchase them.

Customers: Not busy the day I visited, but the owner (who personally made the crepes my friend and I had ordered) said it was a slow day.  There's usually more people.  This crowd consisted of people in their teens to early 20's.  Since my friend and I were first-timers, one of the customers even suggested her favorites to us.  That was nice of her.

Service: Very nice employees who seem eager to help.  But the cashier seemed annoyed because I think I was talking to him too much.  For the impatient people, these crepes take time.  The crepes are made and fruits are sliced to order so it'll take a while if you're on the go.  I wouldn't go here if you've got only 3 minutes til you have to get to work. And imagine if there was a long line...

The Food: Fluffy crepe batter.  Fresh fruit.  Yummy and cold ice cream.  Did I say fresh fruit?  It was wrapped in a paper cone which annoyed me because 1) the paper is thick to rip apart and 2) I kept biting into it.  But otherwise, it's a sturdy holder for your crepe.  

I would definitely love to come here again because it was delicious and the people are nice and helpful.  Plus, fruit is yummy.
When I want to pretend to be fancy and French, crepes always fill that spot. I have tried the waffles, they are too soft and airy. They lack the density and crispiness of a Belgium waffle. They lack the density and crispiness of a regular waffle. 

While I did not enjoy the waffles too much, I love their crepes. This is where they truly excel, because the crepes are so light and delicious. I would eat a whole one without batting an eye, but I never allow myself to. No matter how badly I want to be selfish, I make myself share this treat because they are rather large. For half the price of any crepe place on the strip, you get more. The crepes are packed with freshly cut fruit, ice cream, and whip cream. My favorite is the Rebel which has strawberries, bananas, and nutella with vanilla ice cream is sensational. I want to go back to get the east meets west with green tea. I am a sucker for Asian flavors. 

Overall, if you are in the neighborhood, check it out. Even if you have to go a little out of your way it is still worth it. The staff are tremendously friendly. They brief you that it might take a little while since everything is made to order. I appreciate this small gesture instead of just letting you wait.
We went back last night, the place was jumpin' busy and the staff handled it, no prob. We were greeted and welcomed back when we walked in, and hey, that's always nice, right? Our crepes were delicious again! Kid one got the Camp Out S'more with coffee ice cream and loved it. Kid two got the Rebel Special with vanilla ice cream. I assume she liked it because I never saw her eat it. Poof! Gone.  I had the Make Me Swirl with raspberry sorbet (YEA!!!), and it was divine! It's going to be hard to stay away! :)
Tried the east meets west with green tea ice cream. It was orgasmic. The amount of filling that they use in their crepes is astonishing. I did not know if I should have stopped the gentleman as he was slathering my crepe with asuki beans, followed by a constant stream of condensed milk. I decided not to and it was a good decision. Although it might not be the healthiest, I do not regret my decision. The sweetness of those fillings, plus my green tea ice cream and mochi bites balanced out well with the crepe. My only wish was there was more ice cream, but there wouldn't have been room for it even if I had ordered it. 

My friend ordered the original with green tea ice cream. That was rather delicious. It is bananas, nutella, and almonds. I had forgotten about the contents when I stole a bite and was shocked with the contrast in textures. It is not unpleasant, but seeing as how I went from a thoroughly smooth crepe to this one, I was thrown off guard. 

The more often I go here, the better it gets. I believe it is the owner that makes the crepes. He is very friendly, in fact the whole staff is. He often asks about the guests opinion and talks about ways he plans on improving his desserts. It is refreshing to see such enthusiasm for growth and improvement. I will be back.
I've loved crepes ever since I ate one from a street vendor in Paris.  The lightness, the fluffyness, the myriad of options to put on top or in it.  Delectable.

The shop is pretty minimal, with pastels on the wall and menus on flatscreens.  I think people are tired of climbing up on ladders to change prices.  You can make your own crepe (with high number of combinations possible), or pick one of the combos.  I'm not a fan of many berries, so I partook in the Classic with a scoop of Green Tea ice cream.

Keep in mind that crepes do take a while to come out, but it's being made right in front of you: the batter is spread and cooked, the fruit is peeled and chopped, the ice cream is scooped, and the entire thing rolled up in a cone.  It's placed in a paper cone as well, but keep in mind it's a warm treat with ice cream in it.  Melt will happen.

Although I don't agree with David S that the crepe made me jizz in my pants, it was wholesomely good.  If you've never had green tea ice cream before, you're missing out.  It's vaguely sweet, with the undertone of tea that contrasts the sweet with its slight bitterness.  The classic already had nutella and bananas in it, so that's enough sweet for me.

Check in on Yelp and you will get 10% off, but be kind and drop at least that much in the tip jar.  The folks that work here are very warm and friendly, and it's not the easiest thing to make.

Never had a waffle here, but why would you have one when you can get a crepe?!

What's your cost for this exotic French treat? 5. 5 dollar.  5 dollar footlong.

It's ca-ca-ca-catching on.
We were in the area and I was feeling on a snack and saw some of my Yelp friends check into the Crepe Shack so I decided to get crepe-y and be creepy. 

I didn't find my friends, but I found some treats to fill in the need for a afternoon snack. 

I got the East Meets West: red bean, mochi bits, condensed milk and green tea ice cream. I forgot how messy Japanese crepes was, but it was fun eating it. The flavors all went really well together and the crepe was good. It's a little less crisp than some of the crepe places I like (like Sophies in SFO), but good flavor and chewy.

The BF is more of a waffle person so he got a Bananas Foster: bananas, cinnamon powder, caramel, whip cream, ice cream. It was good toppings, but since they are using the crepe batter the texture is less than ideal. It was dense and wasn't crispy enough. The BF thinks next time he will order a crepe instead since that wasn't what he looks for in a waffle. 

The staff is really friendly. The owner was the one who rang us up and saw my Yelp check-in offer and asked about how often I used it, asked what I thought of the crepe, etc. Seems like the type of owner who is responsive to customers feedback. They're fairly new, but it seems they are getting into a groove.

We live way across town, but definitely a place I can see myself stopping by again when we're in the area.
After all my Yelp friends were raving about this place I had to give it a whirl. I glanced at the menu online and fell in love with about 5 different crepes (which you can make into waffles as well)....so as you can imagine I was excited to try this place out.

The minute we get there I couldn't have been happier. We were warmly greeted by Sandra and Lee (I think he's the owner). They explained the whole Japanese crepe thing to me and I was even more sold. I asked for help on deciding between the Elvis (peanut butter, banana and honey) or the Bananas Foster (banana, brown sugar, caramel and cinnamon). Sandra, without hesitation, blurted out Bananas Foster (gotta love her). Then I asked what kind of ice cream (they have a few you can choose from)...she said vanilla would be my best bet too. I was already going for broke on the calorie meter so I thought I would add whipped cream just because she said its good (and it was included in the price). 

OMGOODNESS! The fruit was so fresh, the caramel, brown sugar and cinnamon were perfect compliments, the ice cream and whipped cream was delightful and the crepe shell was perfect (not to sweet but not flavorless). They formed it into a cone shape which held the ingredients together perfectly. They also wrapped it in a paper...which was a bit hard to unravel...but I eventually figured it out. 

I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK. Everything was amazing. Thank you Lee, Sandra and Alex...your hospitality and food are wonderful.
Addicted to this place! Brought my whole family here and they have yet to make me look bad! Considering I live in Aliante area and this is in Henderson should yell people something! I skip 5 other places to come here! I always make my own and always with ice cream...
This place is a little industrial, smells like heaven and is loaded with wonderful goodies. It would have gotten a five star if only it had savory crepes. I'm still missing crepes a gogo in the bay area, so I guess I'm just being whiney, but I would love a really good savory crepe. 
   The sweet crepes here are awesome. They pile them high as can be with fruit and goodness. I even added a pic of my crepe. As my sister would say nom nom nom. Give it a go! Don't forget that check in deal wowee!
Words cannot even express how this place has changed my view on crepes. 

I am not even a crepe fan at all. Normally I do not enjoy the taste nor the texture of most crepes I've tried in the past. Most crepes have this eggy taste, which I don't like at all. I was actually going to order a waffle, but according to fellow yelpers they do not recommend it. So what the heck, I ordered the apple a la mode crepe. 

I noticed while waiting, the waffles often broke in the waffle maker and the guy behind the counter had to make a new one each time that happened. What a hassle, made me feel bad for him because I know how much of pain it is when that kind of thing happens. 

Now on to the crepe! I had high expectations for this place to begin with because everyone I knew who lived in Henderson had already been here. In addition, all the reviews on yelp were good. As I mentioned earlier I ordered the apple a la mode crepe and I was in absolute awe within the first bite. The combination of ice cream, apple, gram cracker, whipped cream was absolutely amazing. The crispness from apples and the crunch of the gram cracker was a nice combination. Plus the ice cream and whipped cream was like a glue that blended everything nicely together inside the crepe. The texture of the crepe was smooth like silk (yes, I am serious!) and the taste of it was not eggy at all. Back in January I had a crepe from Jean Philippe Patisserie in Bellagio and I probably liked this crepe from Crepe Shack more. To top it off, I think eating it in your hand rather than on a plate with fork makes it a more enjoyable experience. 

Woot! Can't wait to come back to try the banana foster and east meets west crepes.
Cool and adventurous!

If you like something different and fun, try this place out.

1.  Crepe - Enjoy the story of how the crepe is made and the freshness as it is created right in front of you.

2.  Fillings - Watch as they put the freshest possible fillings into your crepe.

3.  Fun - The team doing this seem to have a lot of fun and are totally committed to the experience!

The experience and hip ambiance is the key to this rating!  The crepes were okay, but I am just not a big fan in general, so don't take my word for the taste side.....
My pregnant sister was craving crepes for the longest & 1 of our friends told us about this place so we decided to check it out after dinner. As I came in, I smelled something wonderful & sweet. Even though I was kind of full from eating at Montesano's Italian Eateria nearby, my stomach got excited again & my mouth started watering w/ the aroma. I got such a bad sweet tooth.

The place was so clean & had that cute modern look. Very friendly staff. Very reasonably priced. There were so many options on the menu. Everything sounded good. We ended w/ the Cookie Monster, Banana Foster & the Elvis crepes w/ vanilla ice cream. AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The cookie monster was my favorite. It was like eating that Half Baked ice cream by Ben & Jerry's but 100x's better. OMFG! I seriously want to come back again today. I'm in love. It's my first time having a crepe in shape of a cone w/ ice cream. I can't believe I've been missing out all this time. So thankful for my sister's pregnancy cravings. Next time I'm going to try either the Rebel or Tickle me Berry w/ the green tea ice cream. The Maui Fever sounds good too. I'm so excited for my next visit!
Yum, yum, yum!!!! What a good find.. I hope more of these places start popping up around Henderson. 

The word, crepe turns my head, so I definitely had to stop here. 

I like that its a Japanese style crepe, which took me by surprise. They serve it to you in a cone, free from a plate, fork, and knife! Its made to eat on the go, wrapped in paper... and does NOT drip or run! I see some people don't like the paper wrapping or the way it's served...  all I have to say is embrace the culture!

The staff is super friendly, patient, and willing to help you out. I was asked if it was my first time, and they thoroughly explained everything. All crepes are made fresh, starting from the crepe, then they cut up fresh fruit in front of you (no pre-cut fruits here!!!). Ice cream and whipped cream are included, but you can replace your ice cream with an extra topping... if I comprehended correctly. 

When it came to decision making I got the banana's foster with vanilla ice cream inside mmm mm mm. And my friend got "one of the most popular" Rebel ___ (I'm drawing a blank on what it was called!). Two great crepes for $10.50.

They were both jam packed with filling and there was no skimping out!! While we were enjoying, we were even asked if we wanted anymore sauces!!! I was perfectly content with my crepe... the best part was definitely the bottom where all the extra melting goodness mixed together, and I was definitely surprised it didn't drip from the bottom.

I will 100% be back ready to try another flavor!!!
I love crepes so much that my husband and I went all the way to the other side of town to give this place a try! I was expecting a breakfast place that served eggs and hash browns with your crepes. I was wrong but these crepes are worth the trip. They make the crepes in front of you and they are very light and non greasy. I had fruit and mint and chip ice cream in mine. It was good because they don't overload the ingredients. You can also take it to go because it's rolled up into a cone shape like an ice cream cone. They need one of these in Summerlin!
Went here today for a surprise ice cream date with my bf. He got out of work really early and was needing some sugar. I had been raving about this place and suggested it instead of the usual Dairy Queen or Mr. D's. 

As usual we walk in and the lovely young man describes their concept for my man. He is down for the Apple A La Mode crepe and I branched out and got the East Meets West crepe. Both were good. I must admit that his was better. Mine wasn't bad but the consistency kinda weirded me out (they did the crepe right...I just had a different thought in my head when I ordered it). So I definitely won't be getting that one again but the service, quality of ingredients and overall value still rock. The only reason its getting 4 stars is because I wasn't blown away by my crepe but I will definitely be back again soon. I must start working my way down the menu.
On a wonderful night out went to the Crepe Shack & Waffles to get dessert.  I have to say the place impressed me!  The decor inside the place is rather spartan but don't let that stop you from ordering one of the most delicious crepes you will have a chance to eat.  Since this was the first time I had been there I asked the staff what were some of the more popular flavors.  Then I ordered the Banana's Foster and my hubby ordered the Camp Out (basically a smore).  We both got the crepes filled with whipped cream and vanilla ice cream.  It was YUM!!!  The crepe was freshly made (right in front of me) and then filled with bananas, brown sugar, caramel sauce,  whipped cream, and vanilla ice cream.  Then the crepe is folded up into a cone.  Eating the crepe reminded me of eating a waffle cone but instead of a hard cone it was a soft, warm, yummy crepe!

If you have time go and check out the Crepe Shack!  It is in the same shopping center as K-Mart and Trader Joes on Easter.  The Crepe Shack its on the end of the shopping center and I recommend sitting outside if the weather is nice.  You have a good view of the city!  :D
We were not sure what to expect from the Crepe Shack but we decided to give it a shot. SO glad we did! The crepe and the waffle were spectacular. Bananas, ice cream, strawberries, almonds, YUM! I know that I will be back!
Holy crepe! I love this place. So much so that I went two days in a row. The crepes are delicious, the people are cool, and the crepes are delicious!

I didn't really know what "Japanese Crepe" meant, but I am all in. They explained that the batter is less eggy and this results in a crepe that kind of tastes like a fortune cookie. I'd have to agree. On my first visit, I went with the Strawberry Sensation (strawberries/cheesecake/strawberry syrup) with strawberry ice cream. Yum! The next day, I went with the Rebel Special (strawberry/banana/nutella) with green tea ice cream. This combination didn't match the previous day, but it was still good. The crepe is rolled into what resembles an ice cream cone. So with the scoop of ice cream in there, it basically feels like you are eating an ice cream cone.

Make sure you check in on your Yelp app to get 10% off your crepe. Make sure to also get your punch card to get your tenth one free. I usually don't fill up punch cards, but I can see this place getting repeat visits from me, despite how far south it is located.

I haven't tried their waffles and I probably never will. But for a delicious crepe snack/dessert, five stars all the way!
Dear Lord...I was lost and then I was found after having the Camp Out S'more Japanese Crepe. The marshmallows, graham cracker crumbs, chocolate sauce, whipped cream and vanilla ice cream were like a dessert nirvana. 

It was quite crowded when we went at 1:30pm....the local school was getting out. I was impressed how quickly the staff worked and we had our crepes within 7 min...which is a perfectly acceptable wait time in my mind. Also...I must commend the kids...they were all well behaved and very respectful...nice to see. Will be back VERY soon for the Camp Out S'more.
Japanese style crepes? Say what?? I had the pleasure to experience this Japanese delight and let's just say that maybe my selection wasn't all that great but everyone else seemed to enjoy theirs. 

We went towards closing so there was hardly anyone there. Overall the place is clean but nothing that wows you when you walk in. I will admit that the bathrooms have pepto colored walls that it can stir up a bowel movement...just sayin'.

Anyways  moving on to the crepe, they're made to order so they're as fresh as it can come. Picture Cold Stone but with hand held crepes (waffle cone style). The scent of crepes lingers in the air and takes you to that delighful moment of bliss. They have a pre-made menu to select from or you can make your own. Truthfully, it's cheaper to choose their menu than to make your own.

Well I choose the one with caramel, brownie bites and marshmellows. Sugar shock indeed! The crepe was light and fluffy that it had a soft fortune cookie taste (as Paolo stated in prevvious review). Luckily they give you whatever ice cream flavor you want and whip cream so I played it safe by picking vanilla. Surprisingly I wasn't a big fan of it. I felt that they should have combined the items together instead of keep them separate. I didn't like having a bite of just marshmellows then the next bite was just brownie. It didn't please the palate very well. I knew I should of stayed with the Strawberry Sensation crepe! 

In the end, this is a great place to get dessert crepes but in my opinion I would stick with the ones that offer some type of fruit as it balances out better than one with brownie or marshmellows. I only wish they offered non-dessert like crepes then I might give it 5-stars!
So, after a very large meal at Monstah Lobstah, I felt like my sweet to savory ratio was a little off. I remembered that this place was in the area and I've been dying to try it, so we stopped in for a little dessert.

My fella and I decided to share a Rebel Crepe (Japanese crepe filled with banana, strawberry, nutella and an ice cream of our choice - butter pecan). We got our order and started sharing! Everyone has described the flavor of the crepe as a little like a fortune cookie, but I would say it tastes more like a soft version of a sugar cone. Either way, it was delightful and not overly sweet. Since I prefer my desserts a little on the less sweet side, I probably would prefer this treat without the ice cream, but it did add a bit of interesting flavor punch to this dessert. 

About halfway through sharing my fella decided he wanted his own dessert and ordered his next crepe with banana, strawberry and white chocolate. He loved this one even more. I wasn't able to finish my entire crepe, but so might be a great idea to share if you're not super super hungry. 

All in all, great little dessert spot. I'd come back if I'm in the area.
As good as it gets for an afternoon sugar fix! :)
My favorite dessert place in town. The waffles are amazing. Everything is fresh not overly sweet just very good. The owners are supper nice.
CREPES! i've only had crepes in california when i'd visit cousins and i liked the warm/cold dessert treat. i was really excited to hear about crepeshack being open for a good while now and so i stopped in to give them a try! i ordered the rebel sensation? i think sensation? i'm not sure, but it was nutella, strawberry, banana and vanilla ice cream. the staff was so polite when asking their personal faves and what they think would best fit my tasty needs. my rebel sensation was to die! i loved every bite. just the right thinly sliced fruit that fit into every bite was yummayy. nutella wasn't overdone, just the right amount of spread. and the ice cream was vanilla. can't complain about vanilla ice cream. my friend orderd the brown sugar one with i forgot but i remember telling him "damnnn, my goal is try every flavor" such a good location and now that its getting warmer i hope i dont catch them when they're extremely busyyyy but i wouldn't be surprise if they get more popular! can't wait for my next visit to mention i check-in on yelp for a 10% off!!!!
Few places have pushed me to update, and none have received a second update, except for the Crepe Shack. Hearing from the owner, himself, about the new waffle batter, it was only right to go in to check it out. The edges were crispy and the center was spongy. The batter was delicious by itself. The taste and consistency is close to the waffles that I ate while in Asia. If you want something simple and classic ask for it with cinnamon, a dusting of powder sugar, and some maple syrup on the side. 

Their crepes might be what draws me in, but the food talk is what has me constantly coming back. It is refreshing to see people who show pride in what they do. The enthusiasm that they show in striving to produce the best product is a draw. It would be easy to just cut up everything ahead of time or make a fruit preserve, instead they use all fresh produce and prep as they go. I also like how Li acknowledges the new crepe joint, but sees that they each have their own unique niche.
I picked this place for one of my last hurrah treats before summer dieting begins. Oh to be a naturally thin person so I could eat here every day (ok I'd settle for once a week!). 

We tried a waffle and a crepe. Both were wonderful. We customized them to our own tastes (I got bananas, oreos, caramel and vanilla ice cream in a crepe and the husband got birthday cake ice cream and brownies on a waffle). Both were cooked to order and utterly delicious. 

Yay for birthday cake ice cream, tons of beautiful fresh fruit, and a nice mixture of conventional and creative toppings. The owners were friendly and service was quick. I will be back once my bikini days are behind me !
I've been having crepe cravings lately and this place definitely hit the spot.

You walk into a clean,open space and you are greeted by friendly people who are ready to introduce you to the world of Japanese crepes. Unlike the crepes I am used to, this crepe was rolled up into a cone and eaten without utensils.

The menu is displayed on tv screens. No paper menus are available. It was explained to me that the reason behind this is because the menu options change to reflect item availability. So you know what you are getting is FRESH.

They have numerous tasty combinations with appealing names like Tickle Me Berry and Cookie Monster. And if the specialty crepes don't tickle your fancy, then you can create your own. And all crepe fillings can also be topped onto a waffle.

I had the "East Meets West", a crepe filled with red bean paste, condensed milk and mochi bites. I added strawberries, bananas and whipped cream. It was a little too heavy on the red bean paste for my taste, but the fruit was so fresh and delicious.

The only thing: I wish this place had savory crepes. But if ever my sweet tooth wants a crepe, this place is where I will go. And the price is right (average $5-7)

p.s. To receive discounts and free stuff, text CREPES to 77948
Stopped in after a downhill dining experience at EN. There were alot of 5-star reviews for this place so we thought this place must be awesome!

I tried the Strawberrry Sensation and wifey got the Rebel Special....

While waiting for our order, the crowd kept getting bigger and the three people making everyone's orders  seemed to get kinda nervous, probably because the crepes and waffles weren't coming out as fast as people were coming in...here's why:

-one person was cooking the crepe

-one person was assembling the crepe

-one person was waiting with a scoop of ice cream to finish the crepe

We finally got our orders, and the verdict??? Great concept, but tastewise
just okay. I guess I'm a purist when it comes to crepes being that I've crepe'd well over a hundred times, including the crepe joint in Japantown SF....It was a little too thick for my liking and the vanilla extract was pretty strong.

Execution could use some refining as well...three people should be able to knock out three orders, just like the homeboys at Pier 39 in San Francisco do with  style and finesse, especially if there are more people are coming in, and also now that there's some crepe competition nearby...ALOHA!!!
Moved down to Reno a few weeks ago and heard this place through some friends. They had a large menu consisting of different types of crepes and waffles. I couldn't decide on which crepe to try so I actually had a custom made crepe with bananas, strawberries, blackberries, cheesecake bits, and vanilla ice cream. It was sooo yummy!! I usually don't like ridiculously sweet desserts, but this was perfect. The owners were really friendly too. They explained the concept of the Japanese style crepe as soon as I came in. They also made me an ice coffee, which wasn't on the menu.  

I would definitely come back for an evening snack/ dessert. Highly recommend this place!
Went to this place because my friend and I have been craving for some crepes.  Saw all the 5-star reviews from yelp so we figured why not?  Upon entering, the 2 ppl behind the counter explained how their crepes are prepared (rolled in an ice-cream cone style) and told us what the favorites were.  We got the rebel special and the banana with nutella (I can't remember the name).  Anywho, it was good, but it wasn't 5-star good.  Just like Nelson Q., mentioned on his review, it wasn't anything to scream about.  The taste was just "meh" and the crepe was definitely too thick for my liking as well that it almost tasted like a pancake.
The place was clean, smelled good and they used fresh ingredients, those are the positive things I found about this place. I just wasn't a fan of these "Japanese" style crepes because of the thickness and heavy use of vanilla. I was expecting a variety of crepes and all they had were sweet which made the wife happy..at first. We are both very much into the traditional French Crepe which are much thinner and more egg based compared to the ones served at the Crepe Shack. The presentation as a cone was interesting and I had an issue with eating the crepe with plastic utensils. The lack of variety, savory and breakfast offerings, and the style of crepe, was the overall knock on this place.
Awesome fresh crepes & waffles made to order. The staff use seasonal fruit & toppings, fresh whipped creme & the ice cream is terrific too. The staff are customer service oriented, always welcoming with a smile. What more could you ask for?
At first when I walked in I thought the place was a bit dead... But I guess I beat the crazy rush. Within 10 minutes of me becoming awestruck while staring at the numerous choices and options the menu had to offer the store became bustling with young lively faces ready and eager to order.  The employees were friendly and helpful. They also all had great smiles and wore bright, lively colored shirts. (a big plus to compliment the atmosphere). Overall with the experience, environment and excellent crepe's I think I will come back again when I'm in Vegas!
I recently moved back in to town and heard about this place through a bunch of friends who said places like bachi burger, five guys, and crepe shack were the best right now. As soon as you go in, a delicious smell hits you and you can't wait to get your crepe! I had the mix with raspberries instead of bananas, vanilla yogurt instead of ice cream, and it was awesome! I love the combination of fresh fruits with the sweet crepe. I actually lived in france for 3 years, so i've had my share of crepes. Although this is different from a french style crepe, which is more on the buttery, heavy side (not airy, just to add. a crepe is thin but not meant to be airy.. it's not a souffle), it was soooo enjoyable, with a fortune cookie taste. I've tried japanese style crepes a few times in cali, but nothing really struck me enough for me to crave them. But I can't wait to go try more crepes at cs&w! I'll definitely be back and recommend this place to everyone!
Clean and vibrant environment with friendly staff!  Im glad it doesnt cost close to 10 bucks a crepe or waffle.  The prices are reasonable especially with ice cream!  I got the rebel special. What else can i ask for besides ice cream, whip cream, fresh fruit and the crepe??
Crepes.....I LOVE crepes. Now this is a different kind of crepe that I've never had before. Japanese style crepes are a "fortune cookie" flavored crepe. We came here on a Sunday and it was pouring! Rain won't stop us foodies! Since we were full from a 4th of July party we decided to share one crepe which proved to be more than enough for the two of us. I ordered the Rebel Special without ice cream, which meant that I got more fruit. I really liked the crepe itself without all the filling.....which you can actually order! Next time I'll order my own crepe with the fillings that I want. A pretty cool concept and pretty good dessert.
The waffles here are very good, and you can load them up with lots of fruits!
It's a really big and quiet place, the crepes were made just like i was used to, with nutella. Their crepes were pretty good, not the best, but still pretty good.
After months of reading Facebook updates about Crepe Shack, I was more than eager to see what the fuss is about. A month and a half later, all the buzz is certainly well-deserved.

Addiction adequately describes my relationship to Crepe Shack - within the first week and half of being back in Vegas, I visited nearly six times. Every visit never disappoints either. What is better than a fluffy, freshly made crepe? Oh, that's right - a scoop of ice cream in the midst of it with fruit and cheesecake bites. From the Make Me Swirl (a personal favorite) to the Rebel Special to Bananas Foster, every crepe is extraordinarily delicious and addicting. The waffles are just as amazing as the crepes - crisp on the edges, fluffy in the center. Hell, I don't even need the extra fix-ins. Give me some syrup and powdered sugar, and that's enough for me. 

Crepe Shack and Waffles is my go-to spot to satiate my sweet tooth. Ignoring the danger it poses to my waistline, I happily would enjoy these crepes as a substitute for any meal (easily done as it has already replaced breakfast on numerous occasions). But hey, how guilty can you feel? At least there's a serving of fruit alongside it.
:) awesome heavenly crepe. I never got into the cupcake craze, nor was I a big fan of yogurt places (they were just ok). Thank God for Crepe Shack, this is my new go-to spot for yummy dessert! 

I had the Strawberry Sensation w/ Nutella. OMG.... it was just right, and satisfied my sweet tooth craving. I went with two friends, it was their first time here too. After dinner for some reason, we started talking about crepes. We were on a MISSION to Crepe Shack. We were all so happy that we decided on this.

 The customer service was AMAZING! The girl who was helping us was kind, sweet and helpful. She asked us if this was our first time, and explained what it is and their menu and flavors.  I was so happy about this, b/c at the last dessert place (cupcakes) I went to a few days ago I had a BAD first time experience. But this place did the opposite and we were able to enjoy and savor the crepes we were eating. :)  

The place looked cleaned and was very spacious. And for some reason my artistic eye loves the type of purple they used to paint the walls! haha. random like, but yes ambiance is a factor for me. I'll definitely be back! Excited to try the other combinations. :)
This is my most favorite "Shack" in town! Crepe Shack and Waffles is a fun, funky little whole in the wall eatery. When you first walk in the doors you are welcomed to bright walls and the smell of what seems to be fresh baked cake....but, once you look deeper you realize that beautiful aroma is coming from the freshly made Crepes. SO DELICIOUS!

If you do not want to be disappointed, then order what I ordered. It was amazing! I got the Rebel Crepe (Bananna, Strawberries and Nutella) with birthday cake ice cream and fresh whip cream. OMG- It was so good that I already know what I am going to be craving whenever I get pregnant, or not...lol .Either way, these crepes mean business.

Overall this is the kind of place you check out at least once. Its pretty yummy and a unique way to hit that sweet spot from time to time. In my opinion, there is really nothing crepey about this place, its all good to me!
This place... ROCKS!!!! They even have real Thrifty's ice-cream-ala Chocolate Malted Crunch!!! OMG!!! Sooooo good! The owner is there working making crepes as well as a few other employees, they are all so nice & friendly.... If you're looking for something delicious & different this is the place to go!!!!
After a few months, I finally got to come here to eat my free waffle. And it was pretty darn good. Nice crunch on the outer crust while soft and fluffy inside, which is exactly what I'm looking for in a waffle. It also came with softened butter, syrup, and powdered sugar! Sandra also offered whipped cream, but I opted not to so I could focus on the waffle. If you can't decide between the crepes and waffle, I would still go with the crepe just because I haven't tried any as good as here! I would of given the waffle 4 stars, but Sandra and her boyfriend are so friendly, so 5 stars again!
This place definitely serves up some dessert crack at its best.  You just fein it and want that sugar kick!  The moment you walk in, you're taken away by the aroma's and smell of the crepes and waffles.

As for what to get, I'm sure everything is good.  It just depends if you're more in a savory dessert kick and want chocolate or if you're feeling fruity.

This place would get a solid 5 stars if they crisp'ed their crepes and waffles.  It would definitely add to the textural bite and overall dessert eating experience.  It also looks better appearance-wise..For those who have been to Genki Crepes in SF know what im talken about.

Since I dont know of any other Japanese Crepe places in Vegas, you should definitely check this place out.   THis place has lots of promis and I can see this in the Yelp Trending very soon if it is not already.
Mind blowingly good! We made the short drive from Las Vegas to eat here. We didn't know it wasn't classical French crepes but were really plesantly surprised with this Japanese alternative. They serve them like soft ice cream cones where the yummy ingredients are put inside. The fruit was so delicious and the yougurt was really tasty. I had chesecake bits in mine and wished I had one of these joints in my area. Eating breakfast there really made my day!!!!!!
Food: Kind of like Cold Stone, but with crepes and waffles instead. I had the waffle with nutella, marshmallows and graham crackers (yeah, it's a s'more). The waffle was big, crunchy on the outside, and warm and soft on the inside. The heat from the waffle melted the marshmallows a bit :)

Service: Counter service; but they actually walked over to my table to bring me my food. Bonus points for that.

Ambience: Nice and spacious.
Really now, I can't rave anymore on how amazing this place is. Instead, I've just gotten to the point where I insist on taking away everyone's "Crepe Virginity", and in turn, they all become just as obsessed as I do. In the past two weeks, I have convinced at least 80 percent of my coworkers to try Crepe Shack, and all of them have loved it as much as I do. Truly, what's not to love?

After two months of being home and going to the Crepe Shack on a bi-weekly basis, I still can find no fault in their crepes. Still fluffy, delicious, and guilt-free with that serving of fruit (which seems to get larger every time I come in), crepes are the new cupcake, and with Crepe Shack around, I hope that it is a culinary endeavor that will never die out. I've tried to branch out and try most of the crepes, but I always stick with my favorites: Tickle Me Berry and Make Me Swirl. 

The best part are the owners and staff - so incredibly friendly. It always makes me smile when an establishment recites your order as your approach the register - done so many times when I'm with my friends with their dead-set orders. A lot of times, I tend to loiter Crepe Shack for an hour after the crepes are gone, but I never receive a dirty glance or any sort of discomfort for it. 

I have so much love for Crepe Shack - it is perhaps one of the best things to happen to Vegas ever since I left for school. When I go back, I know that this will be the one place I will miss the most.
The one sweet treat that my daughter doesn't need to beg me for:)
Fresh ingredients, friendly and attentive staff, clean, and a great price point.  I try to go here as much as possible.  Nothing like this place in Vegas, the crepes are great and the waffles are fluffy and full of flavor.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
Yummy! Portions are huge! It's not really the traditional crepe you'd think of though. Instead, it's kind of like frozen yogurt toppings/preparation
Ahh so close to me but yet  no time to try this place out until now.
After trying these crepes I need to make time in my busy life for such yumminess!!!!
The batter of the crepe is light but filling at the same time especially because it's a good size crepe not a skimpy small circle of batter. I love they they use fresh fruits and not fruits that have been marinating in a thick goop of high fructose corn syrup living life in a tin can waiting to be open for years now. Yup, fresh fruits always win in my book....
 
I will declare my one star off now:  NO MANGO ICE CREAM!!!!!!

I have been day dreaming of my first experience at Crepe Shack & Waffles: Wearing hott pink heels I slowly walk in,hair blowing in the wind (wearing a hott pink bow to match the heels of course), my nose instantly stunned by the sweet aroma of fresh crepes, my eyes (with hott pink eyeshadow to match the heels & bow of course) blinded by the beauty of my favorite ice cream -MANGO- Wait a freakin minute - The Mango Ice cream was just seasonal.... Yup my day dream turned into an episode of Punked!!! 
Yes, I was disappointed but hopefully the Mango Ice cream will make a guest appearance again even though I think it should be a staple on the menu as in just about all Japanese Restaurants Mango Ice Cream Mochi is always offered, Just sayin.....
 We tried: 
-The Strawberry Cheesecake Crepe: Strawberries,bits of Cheesecake,  Strawberry syrup, whipped cream and Birthday cake ice cream : YUM!!!! 
-The Rebel Crepe : Bananas, Strawberries, Nutella, Whipped Cream and Vanilla Ice Cream: YUM!!!!
-The Brownie Crepe (I'm not sure of the name): Brownie Chunks, marshmallows,whipped cream, caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream:
I didn't try this one but the people who did said it was - YUM!!!!
-Bananas Foster Crepe: Vanilla Ice Cream,Bananas,Cinnamon,Caramel and Whipped Cream - YUM!!!
-Scoop of Chocolate Malt Crunch Ice Cream- I liked it but my sister thought it lacked a strong chocolate taste - that's why it has MALT in it's name - that should clue you in that it won't have an extra strong Chocolate taste.
So there's my verdict- 4 YUMS!!!! - 
Very open and clean place - We enjoyed ourselves!!!!
I did ask for a printed menu and they didn't have any- Hope they do print some cause they sure come in handy when you want to call in a order.....
Love love love it!!!! I've had 2 crepes so far that have included strawberries,banana, peanut butter and vanilla yogurt. The combo was mouth watering! Tonight I'm trying the cookie monster with added raspberries and raspberry sherbet. Wow was this good. But a bad idea to eat this in place of dinner because I was left with a sugar high and a tummy ache. Next time I'll share this one and have it as desert. Definitely an awesome eat though. I crave this place literally everyday that I have to fight myself not to drive anywhere near the intersection. Everyone there is so nice and patiently waits while you contemplate what to order since there are soo many choices. 
TIP: Use your yelp check-in offers and look out for coupons in the mail.
Yummy!!!! So far Ive tried both the crepe and waffles as the Rebel Special which is Strawberry + Banana + Nutella. Yum!!! My wife has gotten the Banana fosters crepe twice so far.  This place is just like the crepe places in LA if not better. I was wondering when someone was going to open up a place like this. 

Best thing is that they serve Thrifty ice! yes they have the chocolate malted crunch!

Just like someone said it would be good if they crisp'd up the crepe and waffles a lil bit

Overall, everything is fresh and tasty.
My wife and I had been talking about trying this place all summer.  I don't know why we didn't do it sooner because it was amazing!  There isn't much to say that other reviewers haven't already said.  Getting a crepe all wrapped up like an ice cream cone with delicious toppings inside was just plain awesome.  My wife had the Apple ala Mode and I had the Splits.  While both crepes were great, the Apple ala Mode might be one of the best desserts I've ever had.  The apples were perfectly cut so they weren't too large or small and the graham crackers just sealed the deal!  We sat and ate our crepes and almost bought two more to take home with us.  The price ($5) is a great deal as well!  Can't wait to go back.
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, so  we decided to stop there for dessert after extremely disappointing service at an Italian restaurant for our anniversary dinner. It was pretty late, but we were warmly greeted by the three guys behind the counter. One asked if we had been there before. Saying "no", he explained the concept to us and was very helpful in telling us about the different selections.

I ordered the Camp Out S'more with Birthday Cake ice cream. It was delicious. The crepe is huge, but rolled up and stuffed with all the goodies made it look less intimidating. The hubby ordered something with fruit, I think. I wasn't paying attention because I was enjoying mine too much, but I do know he liked what he got. After eating the entire thing, I was over-stuffed, but it was so worth it. They even followed up and asked how we liked our order.
I'd eat it!

The first time I stumbled upon Crepe Shack & Waffles was by mistake, or perhaps fate? I had made a wrong turn, and as I was trying to get back on my way I spotted the word "Crepe" on the building and I didn't think twice about pulling over to try one. It's funny how one word could bring so much joy and excitement to my heart!

The shop is clean and bright, and it smells SOOOO good. The staff always greets you immediately, and with a smile, even when the place is super busy.

9 times out of 10 I will order "The Elvis" crepe (no honey, sub condensed milk, strawberry ice cream).  When I'm in the mood for something extra sweet and fruity I get the "Strawberry Sensation".  Hubby prefers the "Deluxe PBJ". I think the crepes are large enough for 2, but who wants to share something this good???

My tip? Shut up and eat fast before it gets messy!!
I liked it and it was very good. However it was too sweet for me and I was on a sugar high after eating here. 
I order the Maui Fever with green tea ice cream and I sampled the Banana Foster which I really didn't like.
My favorite place for dessert! Friendly staff
I tried both Japanese crepe and waffle with my bf. I like waffle slightly better than crepe because of the texture. I would say my fav one is strawberry sensation (strawberry, cheese cake, strawberry syrup, whip cream, vanilla ice cream). I love they put cheese cake in crepe. It's really yummy.  I will definitely be back very soon.
I had the Rebel Special which was a concoction with banana, strawberries, and Nutella. I had this with a Strawberry ice cream, and it was fairly darned tasty. The crepe was nice and fluffy, the fruit tasted fresh, and the ice cream was pretty good as well. The staff was friendly and helpful in explaining and suggesting which treats to get. Will try to make it a point to return at some point.
Speechless, but this is a review so I guess I have a write something.

If I were on death row, I would request the Rebel Special as my final super. This place is absolutely spectacular! Really - it's that flipping good!

I ordered two crepes - The Classic and the Rebel Special.

The Classic - I first fell in love with Nutella in a crepe. This brought me right back to 2006, but this baby packed a surprise - slivered almonds! The added crunch along with the bananas and Nutella, you really can't go wrong.

Rebel Special - bananas, super fresh strawberries, warm Nutella. I don't really need to go further. 

Here you can order custom parfaits and crepes, and I believe they also have chai teas.

This place would be like 10 out 5 if they offered savory crepes.
Absolutely the best I've ever had!!!  Saw an ad and went to try it and now it's a weekly must!!  Such an innovative idea, love the freshly made crepes and waffles right in front of you, and all the best fruit, ice cream and toppings!  Nothing makes my day like an amazing crepe from Crepe Shack & Waffles!  :)
What a waste of time. I was in town, visiting with my sister and wanted to grab a quick snack. So I found a Groupon deal that read $7 for two waffles/crepe. With that said, you would presume that meant what it's stated. $7 for 2 (TWO) Waffles or Crepe. But nope, they take the cost displayed per item, which was about $5 - $6 per waffle/ or crepe. And then ended up ordering a mocha and a bottle of water. The total came out to be $25 (which the cashier subtracted $7), the total being $18. So not only did Groupon charge me $7 but the place charged me $18. I paid a total of $25 for two crepes/waffles and two beverages, which is the original cost. The cashier said he already took the deal into account. SO basically, there is no deal. 

It's really deceptive advertising, and I'm a marketer myself. You don't lie like that. Crepe Shack & Waffles you should be ashamed of yourself!
We happened to be in the neighborhood and decided to try this place.  I got the "Rock in the Road", made waffle style.  This was choice of ice cream, almonds, marshmallows, and white chocolate syrup, served on top of a waffle. Soooo good!  

the waffle was thick and had a little crisp to the outside, and the flavors of the marshmallows with the syrup and waffle was so good! 

The menu here is exciting, a unique way to serve ice cream.  I know we'll be back to try more.
Walking into this place you are greeted promptly and pleasantly by whom ever is behind the counter.
The place is clean and comfy, menu is clear and inexpensive.  In San Francisco I use to frequent an establishment like this, and I'm excited to have found this place.  
They have fresh juice (guava, wht peach, lychee and more) mimosas. The homemade chorizo is off the hook.
Food is GREAT!
Best waffles I've ever had. The gf and I try to go there once a week.
Yum, Crepes!

Stopped by here for some desert after having dinner on my anniversary. Only checked it out because Groupon had a deal, but turned out to be pretty good. My boyfriend got the Rebel Special w/ Birthday Cake ice cream and I got the Bananas Foster w/ Cappuccino Crunch ice cream. I personally like the Rebel Special better, but boyfriend liked the Bananas Foster one.

There's also a bunch of board games there, so you can play and eat at the same time. Killed an hour playing battle ship and connect four.
Interesting to watch the crepe being made. Others in the family have made a big deal of this place, and it is ok.The dessert was ok but it is as much due to the uniqueness as anything else. 31 Flavors is better. 

What bugged me was that the accent of the wait staff was so foreign thick that I couldn't understand the explanation of the 'system.'  So, I just ordered from the regular menu rather than making my own masterpiece. Making my own is what I will do should I ever venture off the beaten path again.
First time trying a crepe/waffle? Get the Rebel Special- can't go wrong with nutella, strawberries, and vanilla ice cream! Add some bananas and you're golden. 

This may be the best place to go to for some fastneasy dessert. The crepe is a perfect consistency, not too thin/thick. I agree with some other yelpers, a few more seconds on the hot pan for a crispy effect won't do any harm! Maybe I'll just ask for it next time (which might be tonight....yum.....as they close at 10pm!) The waffles come out crunchy on the outside and deliciously soft on the inside. I would ask for this to be a little crispier as well. Just because I like crispy foods. Also gotta love the boardgames they have for everyone to enjoy. Can't get beat at connect4 again! ...Just another excuse to go back for crepes :) +Did I mention service was impeccable? All that you could ever ask for in a place like this.
After a big burger at Grind Burger, I had to take a big crepe.

So we went to this place that Elite Emily recommended. By this point I was good and ready for some tasty and delicious crepes. I was licking my lips looking at the choices, and Elite Emily and Hec were anxiously awaiting their crepes.

I selected the Camp Fire Smore crepe: a crepe with chocolate, marshmallows, and graham cracker bits. Nom nom no--- what? What did you ask me? What kind of ice cream did I want with that? Uh, chocolate malted crunch, I guess. Wow, crepes AND ice cream! Bonus!!!

But it wasn't until Elite Emily got her Strawberry Sensation that it hit me... the crepe was large, and rolled up like an ice cream cone, which was useful, since the ice cream sat in the middle, and the Smore part topped the ice cream. It was basically a giant, soft, ice cream cone.

Oh... that came out of nowhere.

So, apparently, that's the Japanese style of crepe. (Should have known, with Elite Emily's love of everything Asian.) I had no idea. I was expecting more along the lines of a breakfast crepe.

I mean, it was good, don't get me wrong.

I just really had looked forward to a breakfast-type crepe.

Oh, crepe... I miss you...
I like this place but try not to visit too often for the safety of my waistline.  -;)  They have some really great selections and I've been here at least 6 or 7 times and have tried something different almost every time!  I enjoy the Make Your Own Crepe they have, but trust me - try one of the ones on the menu because they know crepes!  The prices are slightly higher than average but for those nights when you just want a good dessert, splurge here.

In recent visits they have added Japanese snacks and boardgames, making this a pretty nice hangout for all!  Plus they sell t-shirts that say, "I'd eat it."  Come on now, how cool is that?

Hopefully they have sugar-free ice cream options soon!  Or if they do, I missed them... which makes me a sad panda.

P.S. Nutella + Peanut Butter = DELISH!
I always get excited over crepes for some reason. However, I don't think I like crepes. Maybe, I just like the idea and/or look of them.

Very clean, fairly good-sized venue. Service is an A. Their coffee crunch (forgot the exact name of it) ice cream is good. A good variety of fresh toppings. One of the guys, who seems to be slightly older than other workers I've seen there before, makes the crepes very well. The others make them just fine as well.

They offer other items such as waffles, juices, and food I believe.
5 stars for the sizzlin cutie with a bootie filipino boy that was working all the time over winter break ;)

mmmmmmm id want him wrapped up in a warm little crepe anyday!

whoo!
yum!
nomnomz
mmmmmmmMM. came back recently and to my disappointment my cutie (not dem lil tangerines they sell at Costco, naameann) was not working. sall good doh. ill come back to Vegas just for himm.

crepes were delicious as usual. would've tasted better if they were made with his loving hands.

IF YOU ARE DA BOOBOO THAT IM LOOKING FOR, HIT ME UP!! 
HIS NAME WAS LYKE MCDONALDS OR MCGONAGALL OR MCTASTY OR SOMETHINGGG.

ILL SHOW YOU WHAT CALIFORNIA GURLZ ARE ALL ABOUT!!

-*--mMUahzz will b bakk soon. 
"WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS STAYS IN VEGAS!!!"
Came here 6 Times. Tried Everytime a different One & they all are Great.  
I really really like their waffles & crpes. 
Will go back soon. 
Rebel is Great East meets West, Classic, ....

The fresh fruits are Great. 

Only Thing what i Missed: red Bean ICE crem & tapioca.  
Would be Great if they would serve Boba too.
All right, so this place is trying to go with the Japanese Crepe style ... well i lived in Japan for almost 10 years so I am going to critique this to the best of my knowledge and experience. Crepes (especially japanese style that is everywhere around Tokyo) was one of my favorite desserts as a child, so when I went there I was so excited that someone finally started a similar business! 
First off good job on the selections, I like the fact that they have lots of choices of ice cream and toppings/extras. Kind of like all the yogurt places but it definitely works for this also. But the CREPE!!! the crepe is my favorite part, but you have not come up to my standards. The crepe has no flavor but just white.. what .. flour? there's no brown ish carmel color of cooked dough with the egg batter taste. The crepe is .. too sad. So upset i was that when i go, i just get the waffles. I'm not the expert in waffles so it was a bit better than crepes. but even the waffles are a bit plain... the waffle ice cream sandwich at the "LunchBox" is Way better.. Sorry! And I think the decorative manner of the food still needs a bit work with nutella and peanutbutter coming out as tubes looking like tooth paste. haha. But as a customer, as long as you know what toppings goes well with what type of ice cream, you're in it for a treat. I'll go back even if its not as good as the ones in Japan.  I gave three stars because of the batter for crepe, waffles, style of food presentation, and okay service.
My wife and I have been going here for the past year.  The owner is very friendly and hard working.  He care about satisfaction of his customers and is connected with the food truck movement-which is a A+ in my book.  While this place is not a place to go to for a full meal, it is a nice place to stop for a quick snack or breakfast.  The prices are reasonable, and there are many items on the menu to choose from.  I still have not tried everything on the menu.  One can customize their own crepe or waffle, or select from one of the many specialty crepes.  The store will also post via facebook specials deals or food items, which is alway a gem to look for. 

My wife and I recommend this a lot and have taken many friends/family here whom all have had nothing but great things about this place.  As I write this review I am thinking about heading down there in the immediate future.
Outstanding.. The fruit is fresh and the crepes are made in front of you.. They are a bit dryer than I'm used to but with sherbet or ice cream its great. If someone in your group is health consious, you can order it about as healthy as dessert comes. They have a menu with cute names, but get what you want. About $6 per person unless you use a groupon. LOVED IT
Omg such perfection!!!!
Was I in the mood for a crepe? Not really. But my brother has been raving about this place so we decided to give it a shot after a night on Fremont St.  
It is VERY clean and big.  I guess you do not need much room when you are just making crepes and waffles.  I think we had a Cookie Monster?  It had PB, cookie pieces/cookie dough, chocolate syrup, and we had a scoop of ice cream with whipped cream. It was insanely good! The crepe was light and tasty. Anything with PB and chocolate will taste good to me.  They have board games that can you play while you eat.  The staff was very friendly and willing to answer any questions. 
I will be back. I want to try the waffles. Two thumbs up!
Crepes are delicious, and this place has a billion ways to eat them. There's plenty of seating and BOARD GAMES!! I love pigging out on crepes and playing connect four, Families should go here, not families should go there, I will be there. The staff is always sweet, and fun. I frequent the crepe shack on a regular basis, and will continue to do so. I wish I could build a crepe shack in my back yard.
Excellent batter makes excellent crepes. These guys really do a great job of making crispy crepes and filling them with fresh fruit and other goodness. 

I really enjoyed the Bananas Foster and the East Meets West. Definitely add strawberries to the East Meets West. It's so yummy! 

Definitely will be back for more... too bad I don't live on this side of town... sigh...
Was not expecting this place to be so good. The best way to describe it would be a crepe ice cream cone.  The crepe is soft and creates a crepe burrito stuffed with ice cream and various other goodies. I am definitely a fan of this place.
Excellent waffles &crepes. 
 I Almost tried everything. I have my 3 stampcard now.  :-))))
Really Great quality of fruits & the Crpes & waffles are always Wow. 
 
Stuff is extraordinary friendly. 

I Love to go there 1 a week. Hubby & i are always excited to go there. 

3 Things i would Love to See on the regular menu
Tango Mango 
Red Bean icecream ( i m really in Love with it)
Boba Shakes 

I will be back soon.
Simply the best crepes I've ever had! And even more importantly the staff is extremely knowledgeable, helpful and on task. Even the bathroom is the cleanest, prettiest, best smelling restroom I've ever used in public. I'm totally impressed with this establishment and will be frequenting it often. :)
Warning, this is not your typical crepe place.  First of all, they make Japanese style crepes which are essentially a crepe cone stuffed with fruit and syrup.  There are no savory crepes so this is strictly a desert place.  And thats what it was when we came here. Deserted.  I must admit, the menu has a ton of different combinations of fruit and syrups and the crepes look delicious.   This is a review in progress because we were looking for lunch, not desert so we went somewhere else to eat and despite intention to return, ended up too full for desert so we put it on our back list but I wanted to get the warning out for others looking for a savory crepe. 

I am looking forward to updating this review soon.
This place was just OK.  My Japanese wife and I would've preferred our crepes a little more on the well done side.  No burn marks or toastiness at all, too soft and spongey.  Japanese crepe places also offer more than just desserts too.  Maybe a BLT crepe to pump up the business around dinner time?  

Great selection of dessert choices as it is essentially the Yogurtland of creperies but the taste just isn't worth schlepping it over to Henderson for.
I really enjoyed all the different crepes I ordered.  I usually make my own (crepes: with marshmallows, almonds, vanilla ice-cream, milk chocolate fudge, cookie dough, & whipped cream) and I enjoy every taste of it.  
I think my only complaint is that the put the ice cream in the top/middle and then when  I am almost done with it , it doesnt taste that great without the whipped cream, almonds, and ice-cream.  All thats left is a lot of marshmallows.  
Other that that, I would come back here again & again & again. :)
Good tasting crepes and great service
I loved it! We went yesterday and all of my family that went enjoyed it.  I can't wait to go back! I had the Nutty Buddha crepe (nutella, peanut butter, & bananas).  I can't remember what everyone else ordered but we all finished every bite!
I stopped in here today for a late breakfast after a biplane flight.  I was really a neophyte as I wasn't sure what to order.  Finally, I decided to get the Maui Fever crpe that came with shredded coconut, kiwi, strawberries, and pineapple.  Then I had to decide on ice cream, extra fruit, or yogurt.  I twisted my own arm and went with ice cream and got the cappuccino chuck.

The owner explained that the crpe came without utensils and I thought that was special!  I watched him make the crpe and then I watched and the woman put the fruit and other things on the crpe and gently fold the crpe so it came out like an ice cream cone and I was handed that.

The owner came by in a little bit an explained that I should squeeze the top together.  It would be easier to eat and I'd get a mixture of the fruit and it would taste better.  He was right.

I don't think I'll be coming back.  While the crpe was good, the shop is on the opposite side of town from where I live.  I also like eating with utensils but this is their place and they go with the tradition.
Just PHENOMENAL!! I love this place. I partake every single time I come to Vegas! I highly reccomend at least one visit!
I went there because of the great reviews on Yelp. We ordered two crepes. Yes, you get fresh fruit pieces, and a scoop of ice cream or frozen yogurt. It's a quick and delightful snack. But the crepes seemed undercooked. The color of the crepe was very pale. Plus, it's not crispy at all. I was disappointed. It's just ok.
Yum!  This place is a real treat.  We love crepes, so we had to try it.  We love the Rebel Special (we swap out the bananas for extra strawberries).  The crepes are made fresh to order, so they're warm and soft.  The ice cream (we like chocolate) is cold, and the fruit is sliced fresh in front of your eyes.  Rolled up like a soft ice-cream cone, it's a hand-held treat.  Reasonable prices, fresh ingredients, and they make it quickly.

It's about a 15-20 minute drive from the Strip area, but it's worth it.
I love this place. The ppl that work here are awesome and attentive. 

The dessert speaks for itself. The crepes are light and airy with unlimited fresh toppings to please any taste buds!

I love cool local places like this!
Pretty tasty and the guys were very helpful!  we had bananas foster crepe and the triple berry crepe.  Yum!!!
While I am a huge traditional (French) crepes fan, I am now a Japanese crepes fan! Our crepes were light and fluffy but...sturdy? They didn't rip at the slightest touch, perfect for the cone-shaped serving method (as opposed to the folded French style).

Each crepes comes with a scoop of ice cream and real whipped cream. The fillings are up to you, and they have a huge selection! Nutella, tons of fresh fruit, sauces, brownie bits, and tons more.

I went with the bananas foster (vanilla ice cream, of course). It was a decadent creation with ripe bananas, cinnamon, and a great caramel sauce. Between the wrapped layers of crepes, they had sprinkled cinnamon sugar. Great attention to detail! Husband went with the Take Me Away (chocolate ice cream). Brownie bits, marshmallows, and caramel. His was very good too, but we both agree mine was the winner.

Can't wait to be back in Vegas to try some of the fruit creations...
The wife is from Japan and a serious sweet hound so when I told her I had some coupons to a Japanese style crepe spot she demanded we go.

When we walked the cashier was friendly and explained what they did, your options (crepe or waffle) and your choice of ice cream or extra fruit, and whipped cream. I went with the Bananas Foster crepe with extra fruit and whipped cream, the wife went with the Apple-a la mode with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream.

The crepe was cooked well and I enjoyed the non-overly sweet filling as mine had brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel which is usually an formula for sweetness overload but they managed to find a great balance of flavor and sweetness. The wife really enjoyed her crepe with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream finding it's way into every bite. Both of our crepes were made with care and it showed in presentation which is a major part of desert.


Some highlights:
I really enjoyed the fact that I could get extra fruit instead of ice cream. The staff were warm and friendly. 

We got there at 9:00pm and the place seemed to be have a steady stream of people coming and going.

Price wise, you're going to spend $5 a crepe, a bargain if you ask me considering that you are getting fresh fruit and a freshly made crepe.

As a techie I really enjoyed that there were power plugs at table level for those bringing in a notebook to get some work done while enjoying desert.

We will definitely be back.
Crepes are love, and I was having a mad craving for this versatile treat. Coincidentally, so was my sister. Thus, are long trip across town to Crepe Shack & Waffles. As I stepped in this place was nice overall with its brightly covered walls, cleanliness, and friendly staff. As I got to the cash register, the cashier immediately informed me of their three most popular crepes: banana foster, rebel special, and tickle me berry!

I opted for tickle me berry with green tea icecream & cheesecake bites, and my sister kept it simple with the rebel special. BOTH WERE DELISH! You know that feeling when you bite into a dessert and there's just absolute bliss? Well, I experienced it. The berries were as fresh as can be and all of the flavors put together were perfect! I also tried my sisters and realized that no crepe is complete without Nutella. Her simple crepe was just as amazing. 

I only give this place four stars because I feel like the crepe batter itself could have more flavor. My crepe was a bit thick and lacked clear flavor. Other than that, I guess the fun is what's in the crepes!
The place itself was nice, clean and they had board/card games for the customers to enjoy...the boy at the register however was rude and was trying to rush me ordering when it was my first time being there.  I ended up getting the rebels special with mango and it wasn't anything spectacular.
The first thing that gets my attention is once you walk in, you are completely enveloped in a delicious aroma of desserts. You just know from that that no matter what you order, it's gonna be good. It's chill in there and the staff were friendly and professional. I had the rebel crepe and goshhh it's good :) Of course they're crepes and they should not take a long time to be made, but it's nice when they actually don't take long to be made :p Alsoooo you get a lot so make sure you're ready to eat.
This is what this city needs...a place that serves Japanese crepes. Great service, friendly staff, clean place and yummy crepes. My favorite is the rebel crepe since I'm addicted to Nutella - it also has fresh strawberries and bananas topped with ice cream (your choice). They have waffles, ice cream sandwiches and they also sell Hi-Chew candy, Ramune (Japanese soda with a glass ball in the bottle), shrimp crackers and other yummy Asian snacks. When it's not too hot, you can enjoy your crepe or whatever snack at the tables outside. 

There was one day I ended up going to Crepe Shack twice - that's how much I like this place.
Yum !! Yum!! Yum!!  This is one of our favorite weekend breakfast spots to take the kids to....It's a casual and welcoming place where you order at the counter and grab a seat.  Never have to wait in a long line to wait for a table.   You can chose either a crepe or waffle - a huge selection of toppings with including ice cream, fresh fruit etc.....Try it - you'll love it!!
You should definitely try this place! Best crepes in my opinion are: Rebel special and Classic. The ice creams you should add are birthday cake or butter pecan. I go to this place as often as I can. There is no other place like it in Nevada. It's more of a bay area thing. It's worth it! Make sure to check in and use your yelp deal or text their number to get better deals.
Almost-the-weekend treat nights are fun. Stopped by on a Thursday night to a clean-but-not-sterile-looking, energetic, and colorful atmosphere. Since it was our first time there, the manager and employees were kind enough to help us order. Boyfriend ordered the Strawberry Sensation which included strawberries and cheesecake. Any of the specialty crepes come with ice cream flavor of your choice. I decided to make my own crepe: almonds, blueberries, kiwi, and vied for their nonfat yogurt instead of ice cream. The crepe is thicker than I'm used to, but still good. Will definitely come back again, maybe to try some of their waffles. Make sure to check-in on Yelp for 10% off the cost of one crepe.
Since this place is only 3mins away from my house, I had to try it....
I must say it is pretty good with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and fresh fruits wrapped in a cone shaped style.  Definitely a place to try.

I believe the crew here are from Hawaii....
Over the past year, I have come here more times then I can count... far more then the number of checkin's showing on this review, and I must say, while my girlfriend is a huge fan of the crepes, I am a huge fan of the waffles. I mean, it's like being a little kid all over again and being able to pick and choose all the topping you wanted on the waffle without your parents vetoing it. 

In addition to their awesome crepes and waffles, the staff here are pretty solid and are constantly checking on you to make sure everything is ok and your happy. Add in the fact they recently just started to stock Thrifty brand ice cream, and now we have a perfect match. 

Oh and they have board games to! All the classic ones like Battleship, Jenga, Operation and Connect-4
Excellent, great everything from the quality of the food, the clean environment the great crew.. great great!
A different and delicious take on crepes and waffles  that is super fun and super fresh! A diverse menu gives you great combinations of toppings and fillings, or you can let your taste buds go wild creating your own crepe or waffle! Plus Thrifty ice cream  is fresh, local and delicious!!! Great specials and fun snacks and board games make this a fun hangout for all ages!!
I love this place! The staff is always so polite and informative and I love that there is a stamp card, loyalty should be rewarded. I have tried quite a few of the things they offer, but I usually get the apple ala mode, so good! I have only tried a waffle one time and I thought it was too much bread, I definitely prefer the crepes.
I was kind of exited to go to this place, and they certainly delivered.

I went with my coworker on a lunch break. When we went to order, the young lady asked us if we'd ever been. Even though I told her I stalked them on the internet, she was cordial enough to give us the low down on their crepes and what they had to offer. She was super sweet and didn't mind explaining the few questions we had.

I ended up getting the 'Come Away With Me' crepe with vanilla ice cream, it was heavenly! They make the crepes Japanese style, so you'll find Japanese snacks and sodas are also available. They make everything while you watch, which was fun. Also make sure to ask for a spoon. They promote eating them with your mouth ONLY, so spoons are behind the counter. LOL

Overall it was clean, the service was awesome, the crepe was divine, and I will definitely be back to try a waffle next time!
SOOOOOO DELICIOUS!!!!!!! Crepe is so soft & moist!  All the toppings they have are delicious!!!! Make sure you make room for this place after dinner!
I can't believe it took me so long to find this place!  I visited this place in the mood for a sweet treat and that is exactly what I got.  This was my first "Japanese style crepe" and it certainly won't be my last.  I ordered the Bananas Foster (brown sugar, cinnamon, banana and caramel) with vanilla ice cream that was recommended to me by the staff.  I enjoyed it so much that the second time I visited, I ordered the same thing.  
I was impressed that the young staff working there seemed so interested and invested in their jobs. They were very friendly and took the time to explain the menu, answer any questions and make recommendations. 
So happy to have found a new and interesting place to take my out of town guests to.
Looking forward to returning and trying some other favors and perhaps a waffle.
Ok...I am certainly a fan. I had the pleasure of eating here the other day after dinner. They have a convenient groupon now deal every night that saves you three bucks if you're in the mood for a tasty desert.

First things first-- the staff is very friendly and they will be more than happy to direct your ordering and help you customize your treat. I went with the rebel special at their suggestion and decided the plain vanilla yogurt would best enhance its flavor. It was an irresistible combination of strawberry, banana and nutella-- although I could have gone with a bit more tasty nutella.

My girlfriend opted for the tango mango which contained delicious coconut and condensed milk as well as some in house made vanilla ice cream.

They make their food right in front of you so you know you're not getting any shady business when you eat here. There is a huge selection on crepes and ice cream which they make themselves so you can try something different every night. 

We will definitely be back here the next time we have an irresistible craving for tasty desserts.
The last time we were in Crepe Shack and Waffles they were experimenting with their menu. They added my favorite Thrifty's ice cream flavor which is and always will be Chocolate Malted Crunch! This tasted delicious in my crepe with mini brownie bites. Shakes were not on their menu but  they still made us one. I thought it was cool and a demonstration of awesome customer service!
I'm a huge fan of the Rebel Special! Last time I went, they recommended chocolate malt ice cream and other things to go on it and normally I'm skeptic in adding flavors I may not like but, saying yes was the best decision! My friend got a banana foster and we enjoyed our treat over a game of Jenga!
Based strictly on the food I enjoyed, I would easily give a 5-Star rating.  Lots of fresh and delicious fruit and other sweets.  A few "savory" elements on the menu would bring it to a 5-Star review, because otherwise, it is a very limited dining experience.
Great place for crepes and waffles! So much variety of toppings to choose from...but i've been stuck with the Rebel Special waffle-stawberries, banana, nutella, whip cream and ice-cream. Free wifi and board games to play and hang out with your friends and/or family. They also have fruit parfaits and ice cream--Thrifty Ice Cream. The only thing i would wish is that they had savory crepes too, but for what they have, they're great.
Nutty Buddha! Need I say more...?

My favorite guilty pleasure............... when I want to cheat - I make a bee line for you!

Kind of embarrassing when the owner / manager knows your order as you are walking thru the door... lol

for those who love Thrifty ice cream - look them up!

staff are very friendly!

your constant companion,

~deirdra
I love love coming here almost once a week or even maybe twice a week.  If I wasnt cautious with my weight I would probably go here everyday.  

Service:  Since I am a regular here already, they know me by face (though not by name, but its okay) they are so friendly and they check up on you after you have received your order and make sure you are doing great.  

Decorations: Simple & vibrant 

Food/Dessert:  Simply amazing. I go back and forth with the crepes & waffles & I usually make my own works. Probably I will try what they have on the menu.

Great place to come by and enjoy a quick dessert!
This is a DESSERT place. Says so right on the Yelp Info Section. So if your rating anything less then 5 stars because you cant read, then dont bother!

The dessert here is sooo yummy! A soft, freshly cooked crepe wrapped in a cone shape and topped with one of their original fruit combos, or you can make your own. They have a wide variety of ice creams that can be added to the crepe for no additional charge, or for you healthy eaters, you can opt to have extra fruit or yogurt added for less calories, and its still just as good! Fruit is fresh! 

I've had bananas foster (banana with brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel) topped with vanilla ice cream. Sounds way to sweet doesnt it? Well, it isnt! They add just a little for flavor. A lot goes a long way in these crepes! 

I come twice a week (sometimes twice in a day) when I feel my sweet tooth coming on. Perfect taste, perfect portions, and Perfect Service.
This place is amazing!  Everything about it is awesome.  The food is delicious and the staff is very helpful, especially if you are a first time visitor.  And, to top it off, their offerings are rather healthy.  If you skip the whipped cream, you can easily have a hearty and delicious meal under 300 calories.  The fruit is always delicious and waffles are always consistent.  One way or the other, we are definitely hooked on this place and I definitely recommend it to everyone!
Pretty good waffles and crepes. My kids really dig the nutella, peanut butter, strawberry and chocolate waffle. Good job guys! They all look like they're 16 years old and from the pimple crew lol
This place impresses me every time... Their staff is incredible, the first time we came in they went through the menu, how the items are made, and how to eat the crepes. Desserts are bomb and the service is consistently outstanding. My friends and I come here often to grab an after dinner treat. Highly recommend the bananas foster.
My new go to place when I'm looking for some sweets. 

Friendly staff and they are fast. It's fun watching them make your treats. Decent pricing as well. It's better than going to Baskin Robbin (My all time fav ice cream store) and paying a couple bucks for one scoop when I get an ice cream scoop on top of waffles along with some fresh fruits for a couple more bucks.
I haven't been to a decent crepe place since San Francisco, baby!

This place is fun, friendly, and most importantly:  DELICIOUS!  With such an extensive mix-in list, it's hard not to love.  The crepe itself is very soft and chewy and the fruit is fresh.  The waffles are amazing as well.  I usually get mine piled high with whipped cream and ice cream and skip the syrup [although they usually thoughtfully put it on the side but I think it's too sweet if placed all together].  While I can't say it beats SF, it's definitely a close second!

Even though it's out of the way, it's definitely worth swinging by for a delicious crepe or waffle!
This place is the best!!

Beautiful, crisp, fresh atmosphere.

Friendly, super helpful staff.

Pretty reasonable prices.

Food is AMAZING! You can watch them make your crepe or waffle, and they definitely know what they're doing.  Everything is so fresh and delicious.
i'm a fan will be there tomorrow!
After reading all the great reviews, I decided to try this place. All I can say is YUM! I had the Camp S'mores crepe and it was delicious with Trinity Chocolate Malted Crunch ice cream. The staff was friendly and fast. The atmosphere was very open and inviting. And the price was very reasonable for everything I got. Overall, the experience was great and I definitely plan to come here again.
I've only had the crepes but all I can say is.. YUM!  I love how its wrapped up so you can eat it like an ice cream cone, makes it way easier to eat imo.  So delicious!  If you want a crepe, come here!  They have so many choices and toppings.
Love this place! 

Staffs are very friendly and the place is nice and clean. Since I live on the east side, this is a bit too far from me but for the quality of the food it is well worth it! 

I ordered Strawberries, Kiwi Crepe with Vanilla IceCream and my best friend ordered Rocky road waffles with marshmallows. Both of them taste fantastic. Also before we ordered, the staff gave us a brief introduction about Japanese Crepes and gave us some recommendations for different items. 

They are also selling cream soda. How come I never knew there was such thing! I felt totally left out for the 2.5 years being in America ! 

Will surely return!
What a fun place to eat!  I've only had one crepe besides this in my lifetime but I bookmarked this place a while ago because it just sounded great.  Finally we tried it for breakfast.  The shop and decor are very simple and bright.  We were greeted immediately and asked if we'd ever been there before.  When we told the employee that we hadn't he gladly explained the Japanese crepe concept, what comes with the crepe, and offered suggestions.  I had lots of questions ("Would this go well with that?", "what flavor would you recommend?", etc.) and he was happy to answer them or ask for his coworkers' opinions.  

My husband ordered the "Tickle Me Berry" as a waffle and got vanilla yogurt on the side.  The crepes/waffles all come with a scoop of ice cream (there are a number of flavors to choose from), or a scoop of vanilla yogurt.  He wanted to get a crepe but said the waffle just looked so good when he saw it, and it was!  I chose a crepe and it was so easy to eat.  It looks difficult because it's rolled up, sort of like a cone, but the crepe itself holds the contents well and allows you to get a little bit of everything in each bite.  

We got to watch them make our tasty meals and the food was up very quickly.  The prices were SO reasonable.  I mean, $4.95 for this crepe that totally filled me, and $5.95 for the waffle. 

There are so many different "creations" that I can't wait to go and try more!  Some of the crepes/waffles make for a great breakfast, and others are well-suited for a snack or dessert.  

Great service, unique flavor combos, all at a great price.  It's definitely my kind of place and one I'm sure I'll visit many more times!
A lot of options, I was excited to see old time Thrifty Ice cream there.  So I got the waffle with the chocolate covered strawberries whipped cream and vanilla ice cream.  Sounds good right?  Well it was ok, it wasn't as sweet as I thought it was going to be.  It was ok, I'm not saying I won't be back, I think I will try it in a crepe though.
This place was surprisingly good. The crepes were light, not rich & deliciously heavy like my new favorite crepe place (Payard, for those wondering...) 

I ordered the "classic"- bananas, nutella & almonds with whip cream, but my crepe seriously could have used more nutella & whip cream! 
I think I personally prefer to eat crepes hot so they make the ingredients all melty, but that's not what you get at the Crepe Shack. It was pretty cold and spongey by the time I got it. I was told to eat it "burrito style", but asked for a fork anyway and I think that was a no-no....hm.... 

The pricing isn't bad, only $5 & change per crepe. The inside is large and there's plenty of seating. Ordering is broken down and makes first time visits a breeze.
Crepes! Crepes! Crepes! This place is awesome and anytime we have family in town we bring them here for a little something "different". Everyone is always facinated by how they make them and "wow you can put that in there?". We are fans for sure! Fruit is always fresh and the ice cream or yogurt is great too! Give these guys a try
The staff was very nice and helpful. The crepes and waffles were delicious and the toppings were all fresh.
After having a savory crepe at Suzuya, when I got home, my tummy was telling me "Mike, it's time.. for a sweet one". I thought to myself, "Where is a place close to my house that sells crepes?" And I remembered, CS&W. I jumped in my car, and went here ASAP!!

CS&W is located on Eastern, past Horizon Ridge, in the same complex as Trader Joe's and Sears. It's a new place that has been opened for less than 2 years and has been getting rave reviews on yelp.

Inside, the store is clean, really clean. It has a modern vibe, furthermore, it is bright and airy. The staff is very friendly, professional, but very approachable. After ordering, I sat down and waited. After about a few minutes, they brought my order to me.

Rebel Special Crepe - Strawberries, Nutella, Bananas. I added the vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. The crepe is more chewier than the ones at Suzuya or Crepe Expectations. It tasted O.K., just o.k. The nutella sauce they used was amazing. The bananas tasted good too. The whipped cream and Thrifty brand ice cream were very good. But, I do have a couple gripes. Now, I'm not a big fan of overly sweet desserts. But, IMO, this could have used some more sweetness. Also, the strawberries had little flavor. Maybe if they used Harry's berries, it could have been better. The crepe was a 3.

Classic Waffle - Nutella, Bananas, Toasted Almonds. This time I added whipped cream and Thrifty's Cookies and Cream Ice cream. They also put a side of pancake syrup in a small container for me. For my personal preference, I'm not really into soft waffles. But, even though it was soft, the waffle had really good flavor. The nutella sauce, bananas, ice cream, almonds, and whipped cream were very good. What really elevated the waffle was the pancake syrup. It provided the right amount of sweetness for this dish, and it tied all the flavors together. Without the syrup, like the crepe, it wouldn't have been sweet enough. A big 4 to 4.5 for this one.

I spent about 5 to 6 dollars for each item, it's a very good deal. I would recommend the waffle over the crepe, and I do urge you to get the pancake syrup and pour it on top before you eat it. That's my story and i'm sticking to it. Good day, sir.
Great place for dessert! Refreshingly different and fun to eat. The staff is very friendly as well.
A friend of mine showed me this gem and I am eternally grateful.

The staff is very friendly and the owner is always there so that's something to admire. The interior is extremely clean and simple. Very refreshing. I get the Rebel Special every single time with two scoops of vanilla, it's one of my favorite things to snack on. I've gone through at least three of the stamp cards and I talk about this place all the time.

I also love the fact that they sell little asian goodies and delicious beverages.
The Rebel Special is my FAV!  AND they carry Thrify's ice cream!  YUM!  Very different then other crepes I've had in the past.
Wandering the local shops and checking out parts of Nevada I'd never before had the chance to explore a later stop would take me to "Crepe Shack & Waffles," another Henderson newcomer where I at first considered another waffle but instead went with a crepe - the right choice, I'm rather certain, as the fluffy and light disk was made-to-order by a friendly young woman named Sandra and subsequently rolled into a cone and stuffed chock-a-block full of Banana Nut Ice Cream, Brown Sugar, Cinnamon, Fresh Bananas, Caramel, and a dash of Sea Salt.

Apparently a Japanese trend now gaining popularity on both coasts and featuring a large, spacious, and modern look with friendly servers, myriad options, and great prices ($5 for a crepe cone, $6 for a topped waffle) this is definitely a trend I can support, though in an ideal situation a place doing such a thing with house-made ice creams and condiments would be all the more appealing - and to find that in Vegas I think the best option is a crepe and some ice cream or gelato at Jean-Philippe in the Bellagio at nearly twice the price.
I've driven past this place many times and always wondered if it was any good.  So the other day while being dragged to Trader joes by the wife, We decided to give it a shot.

The thing that really brought me in was the thrifty ice cream sign as it brings back childhood memories of actual thrifty retail stores in so. California that served ice cream near the cash wrap.

Upon entering it was completely empty and I thought maybe we made a mistake, But alas one of the staff members approached us and asked if this was our first time and he then proceeded to explain the menu and the fact that the crepes are Japanese style, meaning they are rolled like a burrito in the shape of an ice cream cone.
He recommended a few things and we ended up getting the rebel and a waffle cone with rainbow sherbert and black cherry. The crepe was very delicious and the thrifty ice cream tasted just as I remember.

The staff was very friendly and helpful and the treats were excellent! We will be returning.

A Solid 4 star establishment.
Randomly came in as I'm not usually on this side of town, but I've never been in a creperie before.. at least not one like this! First off, I loooooove me some waffles!! And this place smelled so sweet when I walked in. You could have things such as rocky road themed crepes or waffles or even just plain ice cream. I am a sweet tooth fiend, so all of the options were just overwhelming! I ordered the waffle with blueberries, strawberries, cheesecake, side of whip and strawberry cheesecake ice cream. DELISH!!! haha. If ever I'm on this side of town again, I'll be sure to make another visit.
We had been wanting to check this place out for a long time since it was in our area. I'm mad at myself for taking so long to eat here. This place makes desert crepes/waffles and they are quality and delicious. I ordered The Classic Waffle with Bananas, Nutella and a scoop of Thrifty's Rocky Road Ice Cream w/whipped cream. The guy working over our food looked like some sort of wizard. He was so thorough and fun to watch. We got two Waffles with the works for only $6 each! I expected them to be at least $9 or more. They also serve ice cream scoops with a multitude of different toppings. Anything you want. With the recent addition of Thrifty's I hope that this place gets the traffic flow it deserves. It is definitely a hidden treasure. We loved it!
Stopped by Crepe Shack for a very sweet lunch. Was my first visit, and I found the store very clean and the staff quite helpful. I got the Cookie Monster, and it was delicious. The ingredients were fresh and it was well made. Looking forward to returning one day.
Pretty good but can't say I was amazed. The toppings are good and the icecream is good but it's nothing I can't make at home. Idk, I don't see myself craving this ever and I was raised on crepes.
A friend of mine recommended we give this place a try for some yummy dessert. He was definitely onto something. The place is clean and bright; there are tables and board games inviting you to stay and enjoy your dessert. The staff is friendly and efficient at getting you your treats in record time. You can even watch them make the crepes right in front of you.  

On my first visit I had the Rebel Special - strawberries, banana, and Nutella - how can  you go wrong? I chose to have vanilla ice cream on mine and was not disappointed. The crepe was light and a perfect compliment to the filling. My husband had the bananas foster - banana, brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel - my only wish was that the filling was warm. 

On our next visit I was craving apple pie, did I mention I was nine months pregnant? They had the perfect solution, the apple a la mode - apple, sugar, cinnamon, caramel, and graham cracker. It was almost like a slice of pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. Again, I wished that the filling was warm, but it definitely hit the spot and quelled my pregnancy craving. 

I am excited to try out some of the other combinations, I get the feeling you can't go wrong. I love that you can easily eat them without utensils, you just bite right in. This is a light and delicious treat that won't leave you feeling guilty, so go give it a try! Oh and get the punch card, you'll need it!
East Meets West and Apple ala Mode are my faves. Unfortunately, I have a lot of food allergies so I can't have too many of their menu items.
I love this joint but my 3 visits a week are packing on the pounds. They usually have a groupon now deal that saves you $3 on two crepes
First time that we tried this place, they were really helpful and suggested the most popular crepes. The crepes were delicious, not too sweet that over powers the taste, lots of fresh fruit. Another plus was the price, reasonable price.. ohh did I say they have thrifty ice cream!
WoW. The waffles were so freaking good!
Love their waffles and crepes. Prompt and pleasant service. Very clean and spacious. Great hangout. You can savor your waffles along with board games, magazines or chit chat with your family.
Hubby and I really enjoyed the crepe we each had. I had the Rebel and he the Bananas Foster.  No too heavy, perfect ending to a nice late-August evening.  Now we have to try out the other flavors.
MUST GO!!!!! I've been going to Crepe Shack and Waffles for awhile now and it seems like their product gets better every time. I usually get the "Not So Plain Waffle" it's a plain waffle cut into forth and dusted with powder sugar & cinnamon. It comes with a dab of whip cream (I can tell it's freshly made) and a side of syrup. The waffles are light and crispy, basically everything one can wish for in a waffle. 
In addition, the crepes are amazing as well. This place sells "Japanese style" crepes which means the crepes and rolled into a "cone" shape and inside is filed with fresh fruits, toppings, ice cream, and whip cream. 
Overall, the place is bright, clean, and well organized. The employees are very friendly and helpful. I will definalty be going back!
Love this place crepes are ok but the waffles are fabulous. We take the kiddos every Wednesday for dollar scoop day  Their crepes are Japanese crepes so they are not on the sweet side but they are good . Topped with thriftys ice cream  yummy
Love Crepe Shack! The apple a la mode is my favorite! Great place great atmosphere great staff
Oh my YUM!! I really wanted dessert after having dinner in the area, so when CS&W came up on my search (good thing I put that bookmark there!), I was excited to go. I really like the space - open, friendly, welcoming, colorful. The gentleman who took our order was very nice and kindly explained that they offered Japanese-style crepes and waffles, how to order, and the popular combinations. I went with one of the popular specialty crepes - Bananas Foster with vanilla ice cream (love that they serve Thrifty!) and no whipped cream. Fresh bananas, brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel with the freshly-made crepe, so yummy!! I was very happy! My brother ordered the Nutty Buddha (hehe) which had peanut butter, bananas, and Nutella. The man was enjoying himself as well. I got a little messy since I wanted to save some of the ice cream for the bottom, but it didn't work so well haha. It was fun watching them make the crepes as well! I wish I got more photos, but they were too quick. Next time! Anyway, I checked in too late to use my 10% off check-in offer. Silly me. But I am very pleased that I was offered a stamp card immediately proceeding my purchase! I wish it were closer to my home, but I will try to go as often as I'm in the area!
So yummy that you'll be addicted. Lots of selection and never disappoints. Board games out for customers use while out for deserts. Also ask for a stamp card; why not get rewards for your purchases. Just another sweet bonus I guess!
All I have to say is that I just showed up to this place for breakfast at 8 AM and they're not even open. If you're going to serve breakfast items, at least be open for breakfast.
I came here with my sister at her suggestion. It did take me a minute to locate it in the back corner of a mall near a Trader Joe's. Place is clean and fairly large. The guys working were welcoming and friendly. Very willing to give whatever information is needed. This interesting concept is a first for I. A crepe that is wrapped into a cone to hold ice cream and other toppings. They did have ice cream, shakes and other types of sweets. I decided on the Nutty Buddha with vanilla ice cream. The toppings weere peanut butter, bananas and Nutella spread. It was very interesting to attack it. I was told to squeeze out the insides and eat it like that. But I tried to eat some of the crepe so I wouldn't be left with only crepe at the end. I would have liked alot more ice cream but that's just my love of ice cream talking lol.
These Japanese style crepes are worth trying at least once. It's like having a waffle cone but instead of crispy, its soft, chewy and warm.
Came in for a preflight snack and ordered the Nutella and banana crepe. I liked everything except for the crepe. It was not as crispy as I would have liked it and had had before. When watching them make it, they only brown one side, and the batter was a little too thick for me. If they thinned out the batter and browned both sides, maybe.

I'm sure a lot of other people like them, but it's just not or me.
Dessert crepes.  A very pleasant change for dessert.   The fruit is fresh and the crepes and waffles are good.   Waffles still tasty if you bring them home.  The waffles are best eaten fresh.  All crepes and waffles come with ice-cream.
Delicious!!! Perfectly ripe fruit. Clean, clean, clean. Stay a while and play a board game.
Great ice cream with plentiful flavors.  Awesome crepes and waffles!

Great service!  Can't wait to go back again!
Kiddi got Bananas Foster Crepe & I got the Rebel Special..yummmmmm!Two stars b/c they only have sweet fillings & the crepe itself falls apart.
I found this place through Yelp and since the pictures looked amazing, I wanted to try it out. I was definitely not disappointed! When I entered the shack, the employee at the counter greeted me and explained about the crepes and waffle as well as the various flavors they had. He also told me the popular flavors.

I decided to order the camp out smore as a crepe with vanilla ice cream and whip cream and paid. I sat down at the table and watched as my crepe was made. When it was ready, the employee came to my table and handed me my crepe.

From the first bite to the last, I was in delicious crepe heaven! My only complaint is that it wasn't bigger so I could have more of it. If I'm ever in the neighborhood, I'm definitely coming here to have another crepe.
The crepes are wonderful, and the staff is very kind!
Really good ice cream and crepes! I love the Berry one and the Apple one they are very good! I love how they make everything right in front of you and you can watch them make your crepe or waffle. I will be coming back here for sure when I go shopping at Trader Joes again
Lei has done an incredible job!  The simplicity, creativity, style, and taste is unmatchable.  The store is very nice and clean! Plenty of room to sit and enjoy your creation!  I Totally challenge the skeptical to taste them, you'll be hooked.
Keep up the good work!
I want to try everything here!!!!  Over a course of a long time though!  Everything here is freshly made and looks sooo yummy!  A great place to end a date or just an excuse to get out of the house after dinner for dessert!
This place couldn't be better. Fresh crepes, fruit, and Thrifty's ice cream for $1 a scoop! They're friendly, quick, and not expensive like the French crepe spots. I went in on a Friday night to find friends playing board games. Perfect for a low key hang out!
My favorite place for a treat. I get one filled with kiwi, pineapple, strawberry, and coconut, w/ pineapple coconut ice cream, on a crepe. SOOO GOOD! My daughter chooses this place over other dessert places, every time. Also, it is very clean and the service is always great.
This place is super convenient right in the same shipping center as trader joes. They have a bunch of games so you can hang out while you eat your delicious creeps. They are not your traditional, folded over served on a plate, crepe but rather you eat I'd like you're enjoying an ice cream cone. The ice cream options are great and there topping are cut fresh I order.
This place is so good!!! I am living in southwest las vegas so I cannot go often BUT whenever I have timw to goto henderson then I visit here to eat crepe everytime! I think here  's crepe is best in henderson and las vegas
Great yummy crepes & waffles! Plus Thriftys ice cream? My fave!! Love this place. Workers are also very friendly & helpful.
Been here twice now and I plan on coming more often. I hope this place never goes out of business cuz I might have to start a riot :/
Quite honestly, I don't know how I manage to contain myself from coming here more often than I do! This place is AWESOME! 

"Rebel Sensation" is my favorite. Banana, Strawberry, warm Nutella and one scoop of ice cream. Holy Jesus! The Crepe is made to perfection, just the right amount of thinness, just the right size to where you don't feel like going into a state of dessert-coma, and the ice cream is perfectly sweet, not too rich, giving your sweet tooth the capacity to handle the entire crepe! 

The staff is amazing, always a clean establishment and don't forget to check in on Yelp for 10% off your purchase!
I love me some Japanese style crepes, and this one is no exception! Handheld and crepe was light as a feather. There were so many options to choose from! I ended up getting the banana creme pie with cheesecake bits, graham pieces, and bananas topped with cappuccino chip flavored ice cream. :) The coffee flavored balanced the sweetness and creaminess of the other toppings well!
I love everything about this place! Very good Japanese crepes, waffles, fresh fruits, clean, and the staff are very friendly and alert! They have a big selection of fruit combinations, and non fruit combos that goes very well together.
My friends always talk about this place so i decided i'd give it it a shot since I was near by. The location is very nice,clean, and bright. the menu is so easy to understand and the staff is really nice. they also ask you if you've been there before then go on to inform you about what they have to offer. I tried the cookie monster with cookie dough ice cream and it was great. I would deff recomend it to my other friends plus you get 10% off when you check in.
Yes Im a huge fan of East Meets West their specialty crepe! It has red bean paste, condensed milk, mochi bites and your choice ice cream ..and of course that's Green Tea ice cream for me. I love it. If you ask me what else they have, I honestly don't know because I always get this. Pretty rare for a place to offer red beans in their dessert menu, so I come here specifically for it.

I know there are a lot of yummy sounding creations though plus you can customize your own crepe or waffle. 

The crepes are made to order and it's not your usual eggy type crepe. It's Japanese style. This one is soft and a bit chewy in texture, tastes remind me of an almond cookie. It's thin and pliable and rolled in to the shape of a cone and stuffed with ice cream, toppings and/or fresh fruit. I remember the owner telling me they use what's available in season.

The shop is pretty spacious, clean, practically spotless.There is seating both outdoors and inside. The staff has always been cool, friendly and helpful.  There's always some kind of special they run. Stamp cards, Yelp app check in discount. 

OH...and they use Thrifty Ice Cream! Need I say more?
I grew up visiting the nearest Rite Aid several times a week after school, just for their "Thrifty" ice cream.  Now that I've discovered Crepe Shack & Waffles, I no longer have to buy my beloved Chocolate Malted Krunch in the same place that sells laxatives and toilet booster seats.  Not to mention their "Dollar Scoop Wednesdays;" I'm so there.
great customer service. Had a classic-tasted quite good.
The only complaint I can think of for Crpe Shack & Waffles is that they don't have a location closer to home. It would be so dangerous for them to open up shop next to UNLV -- perfect group to target! I would have trouble resisting very frequent visits, lol

Everyone loves stamp cards and Crpe Shack offers them! I am almost finished filling up mine. I believe it's the standard "buy 10 and the 11th is free!" deal.

Also, if you're keen on text message coupons, Crpe Shack also has a text message line you can join. They offer a deal at least twice a month, from what I've noticed. I've seen "rainy day specials" and other cute deals of the sort. It's usually a 10% discount on your order. I would definitely take advantage of the deals more often if I lived closer,

I usually order the "Rebel Special" crpe, which comes with strawberries, bananas, your choice of ice cream, whipped cream, and the game changer - Nutella. Absolute heaven.  *Insert angelical chorus here*

Maybe they should experiment with green tea, like green tea crpes, or something. This seems like the perfect setting for that kind of innovation. They have lots of creative menu items, like "Bananas Foster" and such.

A trip to Crpe Shack & Waffles is always a good trip made, indeed. Can't wait for my next visit!
I love this place! It just hit the spot. They have pre-planned flavors you can get on a waffle or crepe. They also carry thriftys ice cream. They make the waffles and crepes from scratch. The price is good, the staff is friendly, and the place is clean with fresh ingredients! I'll definitely be back.
It was excellent.  Waffles were not too thick... airy and well balanced (not too sweet) 

Topping seemed a little generic, but that may be because of what I ordered.  

They're very quick and efficient and its fun to watch them make the crepes. 

I also really like Thrifty ice cream... its yummy!  Unfortunately, I remember how much the ice cream costed when I was young so its strange spending this much (but it is really good!)

I will be back with my family and friends to try more.  

I think they have a fun ice cream special on Wednesdays!
Great dessert place with a friendly and clean atmosphere.   These are the best dessert crepes in town.  Sit down, eat a crepe and play a game.   I take my nieces here all the time....they love it.
Everything about this place is delicious. I ordered The Split crepe with cookies and cream ice cream to share with my husband and daughter. I immediately regretted sharing. I'm super bummed that I'm just now finding this gem of a place. (Moving in a few weeks.)
Always a pleasure to hang out here after school with my friends. With plenty of board games and creeps sweeter than Kirby on a sugar rush, this place will keep friends and family entertained, too! The workers are friendly, as well as the manager. Also! If you subscribe to their text message service, you can keep up with special deals that they make on the fly!
I rarely get cravings for sweets, but when I do this is the place to go to fulfill them.

Who doesn't love crepes? The softness of the pancake in relation with the ice cream, whip cream and fruits is enough to make me die and go to heaven. They have so many toppings and flavors! Not to mention, if you're a fan of Thrifty's Ice Cream - that's the type they serve here. My go to is ALWAYS the rebel special which consist of strawberry, banana, and nutella. I opt for vanilla flavor though since I don't want anything to overpower the deliciousness that nutella has to offer. PLUS! Nutella and vanilla is a classic pairing that you can't go wrong with.

The place itself is very modern, clean, and spacious. There's even some board games customers can play to kill time while hanging out. If I was still in high school and lived in this area.. I would use this place as a meet-up spot or something.

As long as I continue to work in Henderson or whenever I'm in the area and craving something sweet (which like I stated is rare) - Crepe Shack here I come!
Pretty tasty. Not quite the same as having a crepe in Paris, but not bad either. I had the 'East Meets West' crepe and added green tea ice cream. I'm a big fan of Asian flavors, and this crepe hit the spot. My crepe was wrapped in red bean paste, covered in mochi, and topped with condensed milk. Really good stuff and a friendly staff! I appreciated the 10% off with check in as well.
I got the Maui crepe with coconut pineapple ice cream. My dining partners got the rocky road and east meets west. All 3 were delicious. Store is clean with open decor. All of the guys behind the counter were friendly. I really enjoyed our visit and almost ordered a second crepe even though that would have been overload. Great place, certain to return.
I have trusted Yelp a lot so tried. 
Really?? I could not think this place is great ;;
Nothing special.  Not many toppings;;
Also, I do not like their 'Tip-pushing' card reader.
It was very unpleasant  experience to be asked pay tips before I get my food.
I will not go there again.
Always love coming in to this place.  The service and the product are always top notch.
Crepe batter seemed better suited for waffles. Fruit was fresh and tasty, icecream was ok but not blow your mind and service was friendly. Overall I would recommend if you're in the mood for a crepe or waffle with icecream and or fruit toppings, but if you are from somewhere else that had crepes of a similar style you may want to wait until you get back home.

This place was near our hotel and was worth stopping by. We had some for a late breakfast. It's not very expensive (~$6 ea) but not very filling either.
First timer: hmm I really don't know what to say... Id like to say that I'm serious about waffles... Waffle here are mediocre at best... A little too crumbly for my taste, not really any texture, kinda like a fragile chip more like it... the ice cream sandwich was good BUT if you take  the time to go to LAPPERTS in California hotel, you can get an ice cream sandwich with double/triple the scoop, and a dinner plate size bigger cookie for the same exact price... I really don't understand the hype of this place?
This is the place I suggest to friends when we want to catch up. The waffles are freshly made, and the guys/gals behind the counter always add a generous amount of ice cream, whip cream, and topping. The employees will always ask if we have been here before which is nice because some of my friends have never been here before and they always explain briefly the choosing process.
That smell though. =)

That's the first thing that invites you in, is that yummy aroma of crepes & waffles.  It is always clean and bright inside and the staff is always friendly.  They are patient and will help you choose the right flavor.

I usually stick with the following choices: (forgive me if I can't remember the exact names)

- East meets West. Great combination of red bean, condensed milk and mochi. Best topped off green tea ice cream. I prefer this as a crepe.

- Strawberry cheesecake.  I love this on a waffle and get strawberry cheesecake ice cream and extra condensed milk syrup.

- Bananas foster.  I prefer this on a waffle as well.

- Apple pie a la mode. I love the flavors of apple pie and this is great as a crepe or waffle.

Another plus is that they use Thrifty ice cream.  I like chocolate malt crunch and birthday cake.
After looking at the pictures of their delicious creations, I had to check it out for myself.  

Before this, I've only had the traditional crepes that are rolled with sauce and toppings drizzled over it.   Here they have Japanese crepes.   It is filled with the dessert toppings and scoop of ice cream of your choice.  They have many options with pre-determined filling.  It's great for people like me who can't make a decision.   

The crepes and waffles are made there when you order.  I chose the banana cheese pie crepe filled with cheesecake, white chocolate sauce, bananas, graham crackers and whipped cream.  Can I get a hell yeah?! I went with vanilla ice cream so it wouldn't take away from the others toppings.  The crepe itself is formed into a waffle cone shape to hold all of the goodness.  I loved it! It's different and fulfills my sugar craving.  A friend of mine ordered a dessert waffle.  Honestly it was just ok.  I'd choose the crepe over that.   

Service was great.  Both gentlemen were very helpful and friendly.  They made our first visit a delight! I am happy to add this to my dessert list!
Such a cute area. The service is fast and they are really helpful.
The concept is so cute and different.

The ice cream they use in thrifty and the rest is quite unique. The crepe is a bit thick for my liking but definitely a cool thing to try.

We tried the nutty Buddha-substitute the bananas for Oreos and it tastes better. 
The classic-very good but get extra sauce because it starts to taste dry 
Banana foster-get extra ice cream! I tried it with vanilla and it was a good choice if you like bananas

Matt was awesome!! 

Overall it was 4 stars but the concept and staff made it a 5!
YUM YUM YUM. I found this place on yelp and I had to try it. 
   When I got there they have 2 choices, you either get a crepe cone or a waffle. I had to pick the crepe cone because I've never heard of such thing! 
   I picked the Banana's foster crepe with vanilla ice cream and an extra scoop of it, it was like heaven on my first bite! I am definitely going back.
   I suggest getting an extra scoop of ice cream because one scoop just isn't enough! 
   I am definitely coming back whenever I'm in town.
It's a little pricey for what you get, but it's delicious! They have so many choices and the service has always been great. The staff has always been super friendly and helpful. Definitely one of my go-to places for dessert.
So I've won a bet recently with my boyfriend and I wanted to go get dessert somewhere we have never been. I was doing my research and came across the reviews and the eye catching pictures that were posted by other Yelpers and thought this place would be best. 

Walking into the Crepe Shack & Waffles already confirmed that I had chosen the right place. The smell of waffles and crepes being made in front of you was heavenly and sweet! The interior is also colorful, clean, and inviting. What made things even better was the option to come up with your own combination of ice cream, toppings, and syrup choice. Since it was my first time coming I went with the classic on a crepe cone, which came with banana, almonds, and nutella with my choice of vanilla ice cream. My boyfriend on the other hand had the strawberry sensation: strawberries, cheesecake bites, and strawberry syrup. 

It was no surprise to us that the crepe cones were delicious hearing all the good things about this place, but the one thing we didn't care for was that they separated the ice cream from all the toppings. We thought it would have been much better to have our ice cream together with our syrup and toppings. It was like one side had ice cream and the other side nuts and nutella. Also the crepes tasted a bit bland. There was no flavor or sweetness of its own. We felt like this was something we could make at home.Other than that this place is good. I'm definitely coming back to try their cookie ice cream sandwich.
If you're anywhere near vegas, go here!  Crepes are like big ice cream cones with a delicious soft crepe filled with anything you want.  The cookie sandwiches are awesome!   Best chocolate chip cookies ever!
Amazing food, customer service and a decent variety of items so that it is not too overwhelming to choose but gives you choices.  They have games to play while eating and cater to children and adults.
OMG!!! The best, I wish we would have found this our first night on vacation instead of our last. We wanted ice cream and we're looking for a cold stone and stumbled across this place, SO MUCH BETTER, fruits, ice cream either on a freshly made waffle or wrapped in a freshly made crepe. This hit the spot for us. The service was friendly and they had games we played while we ate our treats. Thanks for a wonderful visit.
I realize this is a fast food place but I have to say that the food my wife and I had was not great at all. I had the fried pork tenderloin sandwich which was a combination of who knows what's pig part. The majority was fat and gristle. My wife had a burger which was greasy and not all that memorable. The girl ringing us up was rude and unhelpful when asked about items on the menu. We did not have any custard which there known for, but we were so displeased with everything that we didn't want to give them anymore of our money. We will not be going back
Fried chicken had great flavor, but was too greasy. Green beans were a little too al dente. Overall very friendly people and quick service.
Take it for what it is folks, it's still fast food! Will it be the most gourmet burger you eat this year, no, but where else can you get some tasty meat on a buttered bun with sweet pickles?! It's like a little piece of home for me, a little piece of the midwest, and I'm so pumped the chain made its way west! Grab a concrete while you're there. It puts a blizzard from Dairy Queen to shame...SHAME I SAY. They start with your choice of custard, and IMHO you gotta go chocolate and then they let you add in two mixins and charge you a lil' bit for the rest. Yeah, it's not as easy as DQ, you gotta think a little, but the quality is uh-mazing! Go, eat, love. 

Know Before You Go: It's fast food y'all!!!
I had the sourdough melt and root beer float. Both were delicous!! The pattis are totally fresh and yummy and the bread was buttered and grilled nicely. The onions that they grill into the pattis are super good. I loved it!! The root beer float was one of the best I've ever had. They make their own rootbeer and it's really good. I'm just bummed that they're so far away from us but we will make the drive. Hopefully one will open closer to Queen Creek!!
Definitely the place to go if you feel insecure about your weight. Chances are you will look rather svelte compared to most of the patrons. Being mindful of my growing table muscles I decided to try the original Butter Burger without cheese and must say it was pretty darn tasty for dead cow on a fast food bun. (Give the nod to Whataburger though)

I ordered the cheese curds thinking they were going to be fresh and squeaky but all I got was crappy breading and a dunk in the deep fryer. Haven't had a frozen custard since I used to buy smokes for 35 cents from the machine at Custard's Last Stand in Camp Verde when I was a little whipper snapper. 

All and all a very fun place to take your diabetic friends.
I went here the other day for the first time since I'd never heard of the chain. I had a mushroom swiss burger that was alright but the cheese curds were great after I got past the name. The staff was very friendly too. I would go back even though I'm not big on fast food.
Put mayo on my burger after I asked for none. How hard is it to not do something?
Yes, it's fast food but very good! I love the cheddar butter burger, fries and of course a concrete mixer! The only complaint about this location is they always mess something up with our order in the drive thru.
My husband and I got burgers to go from Culver's recently, and while the food was tasty enough the service left a bit to be desired.  

We ordered fries, but wasn'toffered or given any ketchup. I'll chalk that up to being our fault, we could and apparently should have asked. Also, no napkins with our to go order. Burgers and messes go hand in hand and Culver's is no exception to that rule... 

My husband was still hungry after his burger, if you are debating between a single and a double patty burger, go big. You'll be sorry if you don't. 

As a side note: I was born in Wisconsin and I was excited about going to Culver's because they have cheese curds. Except, the cheese curds are battered and deep fried so I didn't bother with them. Any Wisconsonite will tell you the best part of eating curds is listening to the squeek, and real cheese curds aren't deep fried. 

Overall, not bad but there are definitely some areas for improvement. Next time I am passing through Casa Grande, I may give Culver's another try.
I was told about this place by some friends from Wisconsin and so decided to stop by when out in AZ recently.

They have an extensive menu and so it took me a few minutes to decide to try their current burger promotion the "pub burger" with a side of cheese curds.

I knew I would not be able to eat any of their custard on this trip though.

The burger came in an onion bun, with fried onions, I think blue cheese crumbles and A1 sauce.  It was tasty enough & well cooked, but really all of the flavors seemed to merge into each other - nothing stood out.

The cheese curds were well cooked (not greasy at all), but were really lacking seasoning (I sound like a judge on Chopped).

Overall it was tasty (and resonably priced) enough that I would stop by again and try out some other items - and try and make it to dessert.
Went here for lunch on Sunday. It was pouring rain. Almost fell when I walked in. The floor was covered with water. No mats inside or out. It didn't take long before I realized the floor had been mopped with cooking oil. I'm not kidding. People were slipping and sliding all over the place. Kids were doing the splits letting their shoes slowly slide apart. I know this was brought to the manager's attention, but he did nothing. I was amazed at their total lack of care and concern. I wonder how many broken hips can be attributed to this place. If they care so little about their customers' physical safety, how can I have any faith in their food safety practices?
I've eaten at Culver's a few times now; this was my first time at this location. It was a good experience, overall. We had a large party and put together a few tables in the middle of the dining room and the staff was very accommodating to us. I was pleased with the service although it was nothing to write home about; it didn't exceed my expectations. 

The food was also good; the burgers and fries were fresh and tasty. 

We'd go there again.
It was my first time eating at a Culver's and I was pretty satisfied! I drove past on a Saturday afternoon around one to find the parking lot pretty busy. The inside, just the same... You know it's gotta be good if there's a lot of people! I was eyeing the tuna sandwich but for being known for burgers I got a bacon deluxe which was good but beware for those that have tmj... You'll have to open your mouth wide for it! The cashier asked if I wanted the fries or to substitute and gave me a list of options. He was very knowledgeable. I ended up ordered a vegetable beef soup which was pretty tasty. I wish it was a little bit more heartier but taste wise it was great. I also had the liberty of trying the culver root beer. I like root beer and comparing it to well known ones like Barq's or a&w, I think it was more like IBC root beer! I will definitely be back to try more menu items as well as the custard!
This is the best Culver's I have ever eaten at. From the moment I walked in everyone was friendly and helpful. The facility was very clean. The food was delivered to my table in about 5 minutes and was exactly what I ordered. I will definitely eat here again with my family.
Could not wait to try a butter burger. Ordered a cheddar butter burger. Was ok. Service was great.
This culvers in Casa Grande brings some much needed variety to the slim dining choices of our little town. I would go as far to say that this is probably the best burger in Casa Grande....not that it is saying much. The custard is amazing and I LOVE that they have mashed potatoes with gravy. My family has tried a lot of their menu and except for the Walleye, we haven't been disappointed. 

The only thing holding this place back is the high cost of the food. Going to Culvers is usually a treat for us and we know that the bill will be higher than most fast food places that we frequent. However, the high quality of the food means that you definitely get what you pay for. I just think that paying 5 or 6 bucks for 4 chicken tenders is kind of nuts. 

This location has also become the hangout for every elderly person in Casa Grande...I swear. Drive by the outside fireplace area around 7 or 8 PM on a weeknight and you'll see for yourselves. 

BTW Prepare for a dirty look when you ask for Ketchup...they use these fancy schmancy expensive ketchup packets and dole them out sparingly....GRAB A BUNCH....at least that way you get more for your money!!!
Stopped here for dinner on our way back from Tucson on the recommendation of a friend. We were pleasantly surprised at what a great restaurant this is for a fast food place! Excellent burgers, cheese curds, and custard ice cream! My son had the chicken noodle soup and I'm not sure if it was canned or not but it was a nice option apart from the usual tenders and fries! Wish we had these in California!
It was a delicious double burger I enjoyed. Close to the best around and I do not eat at Culvers often. This was my first time and I enjoyed it on my road trip.
If you 'n yer partner ever pass along about Wickenburg way, you can rustle up some purdy fair vittles and frozen custard right here.

This here Tastee Freeze ain't one of them there Weinershizzle ones neither.  It's got it's own thing a goin' on with pizza which I ain't never tried but I have set down with one of them there cheeseburgers.  I had them folks throw some grilled onions and bacon on that critter too.  It weren't one of them high falutin Fezburgers like them fancy city folk eat off of Central down there in Phoenix but it was purdy tasty.  I reckon out here in dusty ole' Wickenburg it stands just fine on it's own.  Yup.

God's honest truth here as well, when I sauntered up out of this waterin' hole a long tall cowpoke tipped his big ole' hat in my direction and offered up a polite "How-do."
Pizza review - excellent pie, fast service and good prices! We did take out so thats about all I can say :)
Cant go wrong here. They have an awesome selection a food, small arcade for kids, and the best ice cream in town.
Living in Wicky for seven years, we've found there aren't many good places to eat out. Tastee Freez in one of the better choices for 'fast food.'  We have become addicted to their cheese burgers & onion rings.  I don't know where they get their hamburger meat or what they season it with but it has an exceptional flavor! Although they are not really that "fast," the food is worth waiting for...
I live in Vegas but travel back to Tucson, Arizona often to see friends and family. Wickenburg is the mid-way point for this long drive, and Tastee Freez is a great place to stop for a refreshing drink before getting back on the road. 

The ice cream is fantastic. I love the chocolate malts and the blended freezes. Only one complaint: The freezes are always put in a small cup, with icecream overflowing from the top. On a hot summer day, you are lucky to make it to your car before it starts to melt and drip all over your hand. Using a larger cup seems like a pretty simple and logical solution. Having the employees wipe the cup would be a nice gesture too, sticky hands suck! 

You can get other food here as well, things like burgers and pizza. I just go for the desert though, so I can't comment on how anything else is...
I had scheduled a lunch meeting with a healthcare provider in Wickenburg, which is way out of the delivery area with the company I usually use for catering.
Due to the nature of the business, I always try to order healthier options like salads rather than pizzas. I had called a few different places I had found on Yelp! and they either didn't deliver, didn't speak English or were in a drugged haze and not able to comprehend my request. The last place I tried was Tastee Freez and Sundance Pizza (mostly because of the name to behonest with you). Well this was a big reminder not to judge a book by its cover.
The lunch was on a Monday and I had started looking for restaurants on the Friday before. In a panic on Monday morning I had called another restaurant who did deliver but they weren't sure if they had enough time to prepare the order and would have someone call me back. Well it took well over an hour to get a call back but in that time I called Sundance Pizza.
The person who took the order was professional, friendly, helped me in placing my order and describing their menu to me. He assured me that they had plenty of time to prepare the meal for 20 and have it delivered on time. I even requested some changes to my order to accomodate a couple of vegans that would be in attendance at lunch.
The meal was delivered exactly as promised and everyone loved it! 
My only complaint is that there is no online menu and they do not have the ability to email or fax a menu to me.
Chocolate cherry dipped cone? YES PLEASE! Well worth the trek out to Wickenburg from Surprise to this great little joint which is part of my past. Love Tastee Freez and love their soft serve. Friendly staff, clean restaurant and terrific dipped cones! Woth the drive!
I ordered for delivery and it had to of been the quickest delivery I had ever experienced! I had a double bacon cheeseburger, it was certainly not great but I couldn't complain, especially since it was delivered. My friend had 12 buffalo wings and he thought they were good and he's the pickiest eater around. Although he though "the blue cheese could have been better". Don't mind him though. I don't know about there pizza, after having their hamburger I wouldn't recommend it but I honestly can't say. I might add that compared to many of the restaurants around it with the same price range this might be your best bet. Unless you want Mexican, there is some good Mexican around here. Anita Cochina I think it was called.
Found it on Yelp as we were going through town. Good prices, good pizza, good ice cream. 

The "HOT" wings are no joke! I will definitely go for mild next time.

Classic Sunday with Butt Nuts is where it's at - inside joke.
Horrendous service! Took over 25 minutes to get one shake and one scoop of ice cream!! No "sorry for the wait". Just dirty looks. It took three completely incompetent people to refill the soft serve machine! The bathroom was 'closed' because the floor was flooded. It was nasty! The ice cream and shake we're delicious but they have no control over that because they don't make it! Won't be back!!
All I can speak for is the strawberry ice cream, and it was fantastic. The price is right, the scoops are huge, and the taste was great. You can tell it is real ice cream and instead of having to search for a actual strawberry, theirs is filled with them.

Good job Tastee Freez!!!
How can you resist a nice cold treat on a warm AZ spring afternoon? Well I couldn't and went straight to Tastee Freez and got a frozen Kona Coffee drink. It was awesome and hit the spot. A few friends of mine got other items such as ice cream and soft serve. All looked good. Never tried any of their pizzas though.  Well not much to say here just this is good old fashion ice cream in an old fashion country city. How couldn't it get 4 stars??
We stopped for a quick lunch yesterday on the way to Laughlin,we ordered burgers and fries and iced teas-the name says it all TASTY-it really was every single bite-the service was very nice as well.
Love this place. They are always good to the kids. They treat you like you belong. Some restaurants don't. There pizza is great. There ice cream as well. Live in Surprise and it is well worth the drive and there prices aren't bad also.
This is a place to go for that hard-to-find, great-tasting Thrifty ice cream!!  Many flavors to choose from.  Also, be sure to stop by on Friday or Saturday for some amazing BBQ and other items that are excellent!  This is a family-owned business and the owner is very friendly.  Give them a try!
BBQ is offered on weekends - AMAZING food.  I can't say enough.  We have had several items on the bbq menu, and everything was awesome.  Homemade style, quality ingredients, large portions, great great flavor all around.  I'm so glad to have discovered this place! Thanks Laveen Cash Mob for bringing it to my attention.  

The owner Mary also has ice cream, clothing, and other items, in addition to the standard water and ice.  Her water goes through multiple reverse osmosis filters - it's a quality system.  I'll be going back again and again.

My review got filtered?  I don't really know what that means, but anyway, this place is wonderful.  I hope she gets enough business to stick around for a really long time.
This is a friendly, hard working, family owned store. I don't normally have much need for water or ice, so I never went to their store. But I recently discovered that they serve BBQ on the weekends. Who would of guessed that? She could use better signage but hopefully the word will get out. It is really good food! The menu changes weekly, but so far everything I've tried has been really good. Right down to her homemade BBQ sauce and cornbread. A must try. If you're a local, you'll be familiar with the hard to find Thrifty ice cream. Tons of flavors.
We checked out this place at the request of friends and they had amazing BBQ, I personally got the brisket, mac n cheese and cornbread.  My food was hot and amazing when my to go bag was delivered, the two friends I had with me had the BBQ chicken and Ribs, with the mac n cheese and greens, both friends commented on how good their food was, so we are giving a local, family owned Water and Ice shop 5 stars!  

Way to go Mary and keep up the amazing BBQ menu, we will be back!
Great little place with a little bit of everything.  Went at the suggestion of friends for some weekend BBQ and all I can say is WOW!  Great BBQ chicken and the mac and cheese was heavenly.  Broke the diet but it was so worth it!  Oh, and they have Thrifty Ice Cream, too.  'Nuf said!
Seen this a couple times, finally stopped by to try it out.. Can't miss this, Its bright yellow!! However, most spots they post up is quite covert.... Just Twitter or Facebook them, they give an approximate exact location.

Lunch Box Offerings:

Cheese steak with provolone cheese (ribeye and onions): I got the half order and it was a good amount. The bread was soft, meat was tender and mixed with the onions just made it outright delicious!

Zesty Chicken: I asked the man in charge to pick either the zesty or the bbq.. He quickly recommended the Zesty, so I went with it. I've tried a decent amount of those sandwiches with chicken breast thats breaded, skinless, fried, grilled, baked, etc.. Not a single one ever had true flavor..??.. Until Now! This thing caught me off guard.. Flavor was all there, hint of the zesty zing marinade, nicely grilled, plus some veggies, a bit of coleslaw and a pair of quality tasting buns. A Healthy Must Have Mouth Watering Chicken Sammy!!!!! Seriously!!!!! 

Pulled Pork: 2 great buns and a nice dose of pulled pork placed in between. I haven't had a fair share of pulled pork but this was down right to cry for! I couldn't ask for anything more or different from the slight smokey, tangy/sweet sauce all tangled in between each thin strand of heavenly porkiness!! 

I wish I pulled food this good out of my school lunch box growing up! Service was Great, Man behind the counter real friendly and informative, Prices aren't bad at all and Atmosphere just like any other food truck/trailer.. I will be back for more and more!! 5 Stars with Flying Colors!!!
headed east during lunch on thursday this week knowing I'd probably skip lunch and since I'd already skipped b'fast and dinner the night before, I was ravenous...so I uturned when I was the yellow truck parked in front of the gun store -- and grabbed a quick lunch.  First bites:  1/2 cheesesteak with provolone because the gal taking my order said "we think we have the best cheesesteaks in Vegas" -- done...I have to say, it was delicious - but seriously greasy.  I was relieved it was just a half....

She also said they made their fame on their zesty chicken so...next time, I'll give that a try - particularly since other  yelpers said it was great.
Went to a the Harvest Festival today and the food court this year was all food trucks! great idea, they covered everything from Asian to American BBQ and then the "Yellow Lunch Box " all the venders there were happy and had great service plus you could see that they were passionate  about what they did but for some reason the Yellow Lunch Box was in a funk . The Yellow lunch Box trailer  had a three man crew in the galley, two working the grill and one  (who I think was the owner) expediting pure confusion and chaos and thats putting it mildly. 
There was a very friendly  women outside taking orders but the main guy's attitude in the truck  was so crapy that  he came across as a real DB to all of us on the outside. I put in an order a few simple items such a chicken caesar wrap -no croutons- and two grilled cheeses with fries. not only did it take 20 minutes to get the first grilled cheese in the window, I then had to  wait another 10 more minutes to get the rest of my order. 
The 2nd grilled cheese was burnt "BLACK" and when i questioned one of the guys about it he said  "yeah it's grilled so", I then explained to him that a grilled cheese should be toasted brown not "Burnt Black" he look at me for a second and with a huff  said it will be a few minutes. I went to pick up a few drinks a returned ten minutes later and my new grilled cheese was in the window.I  then returned to my table, all the food was now room temp by now but no big deal cause one  has to expect this at a street fair, right?  I then bite into my wrap only to chomp down on a crouton, a bit pissed off but still trying to make a good time of the night i dismissed the crouton issue by just pulling them out of the wrap. I then looked at my 5 year old daughter and ask her why she wasn't eating her grilled cheese sandwich which is her "favorite food on the planet" . she then told me she doesn't like it because the bread is black, after I looked at her sandwich i noticed that all they did was just flip the sandwich over to the lighter side, a real DB move if you ask me. 
No consideration for the customer. I have been working in the F&B industry for the past 26 years, all of which i worked in a kitchen and I have to say these people had no passion for what they do. All they wanted was the next person in line and the next dollar from there pockets. 
After dealing with the Bull from the Yellow Lunch Box tonight I will Never go to them again, as well as tell everyone i can to avoid them!!!!
Tried the Chili in a sourdough bread bowl. Very good balance of flavors, well cooked, and worked in the bread bowl. In fact, it really tasted home made. I am very critical of chili, and they did a great job with it.
The Yellow Lunchbox is exactly that. Its a yellow box on wheels--not sure if this still classifies as a food "truck" but essentially the concept is the same.

THE FOOD: I think the menu here is always changing. I was at the December Vegas StrEats and from what I recall, there were Cheesesteaks on the menu and several varieties of "Loaded Fries" Between Chorizo & Pulled Pork Loaded Fries I went with the latter. The fries were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Piled on top was a heaping portion of pulled pork and a generous slathering of homemade BBQ sauce. A friend of mine ordered a Pulled Pork Sandwich. Pork & Sauce in-between two soft buns. And tasty buns might I add, not those cheap-y grocery store ones.

PRICE: $7 for each. Can't remember the other price-points.

FLAVOR: Average but I enjoyed it. It was a lot of pork & starch. Maybe I'm a veggie-snob but a little garnish of scallion or something would've cut the fat content and added a little extra flavor. The palette needs a little variety dont ya think? The pork was savory and had a good texture. The sauce a bit on the tangy side. I just needed some veggies in my life.

PORTIONS: HUGE. The sandwich a single-person could finish. But the Loaded Fries should be shared between 2 people.... or 1 large person with a big appetite. 

You Want Sample? Follow them on twitter @yellowlunchbx to see where they're at!
Ate from this truck at the last Vegas Streats.

I really enjoyed them because they're definitely east coast, like me. They served me up one of my favorite foods ever- RANCH FRIES! They were regular french fries covered in bacon and cheese, topped with ranch dressing. And they were out of this world.

I haven't tried any of their sandwiches, but I loved the fries. I hope to eat from their truck again!
Great ice cream, super cute store, extremely CLEAN! The ice cream is good, service is always great, and the location is fun (although a little out of the way). The prices are reasonable. I would rather support a locally owned business and pay more than McDonald's prices and less than Cold Stone prices. If you haven't been, and plan on visiting in the Summer, bring suits for the kids. There is a nice little splash area right next to a big playground. Karen's Kreamery is located in a big park/sports facility. There is also a medium sized skate park. We usually make it a fun outing out it. My family loves this place!! Support local businesses!!!
Never been to Karen's Kreamery, here or at the old location. I was lucky enough to try their products at the Surprise Stadium during a ball game. I was actually in line next to their booth waiting on a order I placed. I over heard some lady asking for a lemonade, she received a frozen lemonade instead. She was complaining this is not what she ordered. So I took it off her hand. Three frozen lemonades later, I am sold!! Family and I are planning to visit Karen's Kreamery in the near future. Can't wait!!!
Well! I found them!! Hard to find since they are located in a park! Neat idea with all the skate board kids. But looks hard for the public to locate.  But well worth it, frozen lemonade!! Enough Said!!!
I like Karen's Kreamery.  I made it a place to go when it was located in Surprise for the Gelato.  Inexpensive for great ice cream.  Great that they took up shop at the skate park, I assume they get more business at the new location. Guess I'm going to have to learn to skateboard to have an excuse to visit the park for ice cream.:)
Great locally owned family restaurant.  GREAT Cheesesteaks and burgers with ice cream for desert.  Nice patio. Kids menu. Try the homemade chips.
Stopped in for a cheese steak sandwich. Not only was the sandwich excellent, home made fries and a fountain Sosa was included. Very clean too.
Mike's in Gilbert is without a doubt the best cheese steak in AZ. Homemade fries, chips,  onion rings,  and now sweet potaoes fries are amazing!  Great  Sevice and atmosphere.  When ur done with ur meal u can enjoy ur favorite ice cream, chocolate malted crunch, oh ya.  Mike's is now my goto place.
Mike's cooks up a really great burger and the curly fries are to die for. Be sure to ask for jalapenos on your cheese burger for a little extra zing
Best danger cheese Burger I've ever had!
I've eaten at Mike's twice.  Tried the burger the first visit.  The burger was very good and why I gave 3 stars.  Went back to try the Philly Steak sandwich.  Just an FYI: I was born and raised in Philly and know what goes into a good Philly steak sandwich and what it should taste like.  The steak at Mike's was just fair.  Tasted a bit like roast beef.  Probably because they use prime rib for the meat.  That is not the cut of meat that is used in a Philly steak sandwich.   The meat should be either rib eye or skirt steak, shaved thin.   Besides the meat the second most important part of the sandwich is the bread.  The rolls they use for the steak are too soft and mushy.  At first I thought it was just a large hot dog bun.  It should be on a good Italian roll or baguette, crusty on the outside and soft inside.   I ordered my steak with white American cheese.  The cheese did not have much of a taste and wasn't creamy like a good brand of cheese (Land of Lakes, Clearfield) would have been.  The one thing they did right was chop the meat up on the grill.  I have yet to find a Philly steak sandwich in Arizona, that can stand up to a real Philly steak sandwich, ever since Max's Taste of Philly in Mesa closed up.
Te best cheese steak west of Philly!  Excellent fries and potato chips, too.
UPDATE:  The cheese steak is even better with the new rolls.  I tried a chicken cheese steak this week.  It might even be better than the regular cheese steak.
I've never tried cheese steaks in Philadelphia, so I cannot comment on how "authentic" these are, however they tasted good to me.  The bread was very fresh, and did not get too soggy.  The onion rings were very good as well.  I didn't get a chance to try the ice cream, but will have to next time.  The person cooking (the owner I think?) was very friendly.  We will be back.
There are plenty of burger shops in Southern Arizona such as Culvers, Freddie's Burgers, Smash Burger, Four Brothers but when I walked in here you could tell right away that this was warm and friendly family operation that is different from the other with that non corporate ran feel to it.  I ordered the 1/3 pound burger, fries and a soda.  Since it was Tuesday we got the second order for half off, what a great deal since the burger was delicious, the fries home cooked and that one scoop hot fudge sundae (genuine thrifty ice cream) ended this as a perfect meal!  Places like this are hard to find and I would strongly recommend anyone to give this place a shot as they pride themselves on quality meats and service.
Next time in I am getting the Chicago Hot Dog for the ultimate test of their claim to the ultimate Chicago Dog.  I have a strong feeling I will not be disappointed!  Oh yeah, and that cheese steak is next on my list as well.
Comedian Jim Dale
The cheesesteak was pretty good. The meat was fresh and tasted great. The bread is lacking.. If they used an Italian loaf, it would be soooo much better!! It would also be nice if they had provolone or mozzarella! Also, having a gravy option (marinara type sauce) would be great! I won't be rushing back here, but it was pretty good. There still are a couple of better places in the area. The owner was very friendly, maybe he will read these notes! ;)
One of the best cheesesteaks I've had since moving from Philly. And unlike other cheesesteaks I've had out here, this place doesn't skimp on the meat. Only criticism is the bread. Should be chewier and maybe slightly toasted.
It's not like you can find a good cheesesteak place in the valley, right? Yeah you can! It turns out! Who knew! I loved this place and the food was great! Prepared fresh right when we ordered. They even have Thrifty ice cream (which is the BEST) so we tried to save room for our huge scoops of that. They explained to us what they offer and how they prepare it as well as their recommendations for us. I had the cheesteak with onions and peppers. They put a white cheddar cheese sauce on the bottom and then flip the meat over on top to cover it. Oh ma gosh! So good! They serve onion rings or fries and also feature other food like burgers. I haven't gotten a chance to try their other food yet but I am sure it's just as good! The restaurant has a small patio and adequate seating inside. It looks like an old diner or coffee shop inside. Very cool find! Different than your chain restaurants and great service too!
OMGOMGOMG. So, I walk in and there are oldies playing on a jukebox! Perfecto.  I couldn't decide on the cheesesteak or a burger, so flip of a coin in my head and burger it was. I ordered the half pound with grilled onions and cheese. The burger was INSANE!!! I took a bite of the burger to decide whether or not I wanted to add the veggies. Get away rabbit food!!! The burger was so juicy and the flavor, THE FLAVORRR!!!!!!! This may make sense to some  of you, the burger tasted like beef! Like a great steakhouse steak, dry-aged type shit!! The fries were fresh and on point.  The guy who took my order (mike maybe?) promised a good burger, and delivered.  He promised a good cheesesteak, and I believe him. Will def return.  Cheers!
I have eaten here a couple of times. Each time was wonderful. The first time I ate here, I had the Philly Cheesesteak, home made potato chips and unsweetened iced tea. I have never had a cheesesteak sandwich in Phiiy, so I can't tell you if this is "authentic", but I can tell you that it is delicious and huge. Although I did attempt to pick it up to eat it, the softness of the roll (my only complaint about the Philly) forced me to eat it with knife & fork. My second visit to Mike's, I got the 1/3 pound green chili burger, sweet potato fries and iced tea. The burger was one of the best burgers I have ever eaten. The burger is cooked perfectly, and the green chilis give it a little bite. This isn't "fast food", this is home made, cooked after you order it, and fixed exactly how you want it. I have yet to have room for ice cream, but I grew up with Thrifty Drug Stores, so I know the ice cream will please any ice cream lover.
Will be back very soon!!! Cheese steak with green chilies, jalapeno, onions, mushrooms!  His home made chips where awesome! And the owner was very kind!
My wife says lets try something new. Guess these guys have been here for a little while. The Republic suggested them so off we went. Great little corner Ice Cream parlor burger joint. The Cheese steak is to die for! My wife loved her burger as well everything was fixed as you ordered it! Hot and fresh! We will be back!
I wish i would have read the reviews because on reviewer Bobby H. nailed it right on the head.  The most disappointing part is the bread.  It does not have the ablitliy to hold up to the steaming meat causing the bread to just get absolutely soft and mushy.  A nice Italian bread is definitely in need.  Another thing needed is a good  sharp provolone cheese.  The meat is good but seems to be missing some seasoning but i'm just nitpicking here.  One major plus is that they have crinkle fries...yahoo!  It's hard to find so it's always bonus to have.
Was looking for a good burger so when we read the reviews we decided to give Mike's  a try! Ordered the hamburger and asked for grilled onions(I like them really cooked) and they cooked them to perfection. The Riccobono bakery bun was warmed and the hamburger was delicious! Best Burger since moving to the Valley 12 years ago! The crinkle fries were also cooked crispy. Mike the owner chatted with us and we will go back and support this local business.
Have had the ice cream. Very good. Will try the food soon.
My sister kept saying, "You gotta' try this place, you gotta'."  Well I did, and I thank her very much!  I had the Chicken Philly,with everything and jalapenos.  It was AWESOME.  Great taste, hot and right now...my mouth is watering.  I will add this caveat, the jalapenos, were SPICeeeee!  Too spicy for me, so the cook took it back and dumbed it down for me.  Man, it was delicious, he was very customer service oriented and did a great job on all the food. Amazing that they are not busier, people...go...go!  If you love a Philly, get over there!

Oh, I did have the onion rings, my nephew the fries and both were awesome.  I had to steal some fries from him (yeah, he whined) but they were great...he is slow in moving his basket...all his fault ;-)  He loved the cheeseburger he ordered too. Forgot about that...but he enjoyed it.

They serve ice cream too.  Good place, good food and great service!
Very good cheesesteak (I had mine with onions, peppers and mushrooms).  Stuffed full of steak - they definitely don't skimp on the steak.  The flavor was great and the sandwich quite juicy - making the bread slightly soggy, but that's hard to avoid.  The sandwich did not fall apart despite a 15 minute drive home.  A very, very good cheesesteak and one of the best I've had in AZ.

The staff and owner were very friendly. The owner handed me  my order, asked if it was my first visit and told me a few things about  his restaurant and their food and preparation. It was a nice touch.

The place itself is quite small with a handful of tables and chairs and a small jukebox playing '60s tunes! (The Beach Boys were playing while I was waiting).  There appeared to be small outdoor patio as well. 

My only complaint would be pricing.  The cheesesteak sandwich itself was $8.49 - which is OK if it included fries and a drink.  In order to get a fries and drink with the sandwich, you have to order the combo which adds $3 to your total.  So my total for the sandwich, regular fries and drink was over $12 (including tax).  Seems pretty steep to me - and the only thing preventing me from giving the place 5 stars. 

I'd like to try one of their burgers next trip - and try to keep my tab to under $10.
One of those places that teeters on good and great, but can't get over the hump due to presumably poor management.

Appearance is important when you walk into a food joint and while Mike's does have some cool stuff like the jukebox, checkered floors, catchy logo and vintage seating, they miss the mark overall.  

For example, the jukebox has a stupid old sign on it that says 'don't touch'.  Come on guys, spend $5 to get a professional looking sign.  The ordering area overlooks this awkwardly large space that is sort of an unnecessary space hog in an already small restaurant.  While it is filled with some ice cream and an outdated register, from my two visits, it is mostly full of young awkward employees sort of standing around trying to find something to do.  Don't get me wrong, most of the employees really offer great customer service, but there are a couple of nincompoops in the bunch as well.

The food is good, but could be great because they use a lot of fresh, quality ingredients.  The problem is probably more around consistency because my second visit was about 10x better than the first.  They use quality beef from Midwestern Meats and all of the veggies tasted fresh as well.  The kids enjoyed the chicken nuggets as well.

Wasn't a fan of the french fries, very mediocre, nothing special.  The onion rings were a let down.  I don't know what it was, my guess is the crunch mix they use is lacking seasoning or originality.  

I'll go back again for the fresh meat and the sliders, but hopefully management can get this little joint over the hump.
Super average burgers. Not sure what all the hype is with these 5 star reviews.

Took a large family here and out of the 8 of us, 8 of us agrees it was average and In n Out or Fatburger would have been money better spent.

Skip.
I wish I lived closer to be there more often.  Great food and great service.  Owner takes great pride in his business and buys quality ingredients.  Why patronize a chain when this is available!
We happened upon this place on Friday 3/8/2013  We were actually heading to the place next door and i saw the Philly cheesesteak sign and thought why not? Most places who serve them are typically terrible but i always try at least once.!  My husband actually thought it was pricey for a burger at  around 8 dollars but he quickly retracted it when he saw it's size. I ordered the Philly and  my husband  the burger and it was the best Philly in AZ we have had. The steak was so good and i don't eat a lot of red meat. The peppers mushroom onion we perfectly cooked and the bread was so soft and held the large amount of meat and veggies pretty well. The burger was equally delicious and very big! The food was absolutely the freshest! I am a native Californian and there we have lot's of burger places and in moving to Arizona 8 years ago I found there is just not  very many here and it was something i missed. But now i have finally found a place and it is LOCAL and not a chain.  (Besides Joe's farm grill which we enjoy but the lines are just way too long and it is pricey )The owner Mike is very inviting and he makes you feel like you have always known him. He knew it was our first time and he brought us our food and told us a little bit about the restaurant and how he gets his meats & bread and told us everything is freshly prepared  which was totally evident!! He  actually made our lunch which we really loved! We are heading back tonight for dinner this time with our children and i can't wait for another Philly cheesesteak or a Burger and some onion rings and not to forget the wonderful banana split my hubby had. I love the variety of ice cream flavors especially Double chocolate malted crunch ( Thrifty's ice cream flavor ) 

I never post reviews but had to for Mikes Burgers and Cheesesteaks because it was so wonderful. 
Try it you won't regret it.
Mike's is a great place for a Philly cheesesteak! The owner is a nice guy, we see & talk to him each time we go in. I lived in Philly for a while and I've been looking for a place that could serve a Philly up the way I had it back then, Mike's got it covered. The prices are good and and he really works hard to make his customers happy. The Philly is a good size and fills me up so much that I can barely touch the fries.  I recently discovered their onion rings and added them to my list of cravings. Then they've got some good ice cream to satisfy our sweet tooth. I've lost track of the times that my husband has brought Mike's home. Their Philly's do great as take out, they don't get mushy after the car trip home (we're about 5 miles away). 
Enjoy!!
Quality of cheese steaks is good and the ingredients for both the steaks and salads are equally good, for me.  I only have one problem which is why it is given only 3 stars and that has to do with the cleanliness of the restaurant and my observations of some techniques used in the kitchen and that can be observed while sitting inside the restaurant.  The windows have probably not been cleaned for a while now as there were dead "gnat like"  insects lining the ledges and near the two tables which are arranged alongside these ledges that I have observed between a visit several days ago (Mar 12, 2013) and my current visit on March 14, 2013).  Since doors are open many times during this time of year, specifically, it may prove to be a non-issue, as the days increasingly become warmer.  I did observed the staff handling the lettuce, onions and other ingredients by hand. (Note:  Even if a staff member, cook or the preparation staff uses the restroom and washes their hands, for example, touching any community surface(s) or  the door handle to that restroom, and after washing your hands, ultimately cancels out the hand washing benefits.  Touching doors and surfaces and then preparing things like salads, or touching rolls used for sandwiches is obviously an oversight but still poor habits for an food preparing establishment.  I usually rely on the fact that the meat inside is cooked sufficiently with the onions that there will be no apparent issues upon devouring it as a sub!  To date, I hesitate to go back but I have done so due to the cooking effect (heat) and quality of the hot subs offered.  I hope the owner or manager reads these comments because I would have loved to have given 4 stars on this restaurant; however, hygiene is as important as the product taste at the end of the day.  Food illness is very serious and no one wants to play Russian Roulette with a meal's contents and rely on any external effect to correct the deficiency that can be eliminated upfront and in the first place. Barring the issues described and/or observed above, a 3/5 star rating seems to match well with my experiences here.
Two burgers, one water over 16.00. Food beyond avg, could name a dozen better places! Wanted to enjoy it, but didnt.
You'd never know it from looking at the place, but these guys put together a very good Philly cheesesteak. Warm quality bread, and a ton of beef, with tasty peppers, onions, and cheese - in the top 3 or 4 cheesesteak sandwiches that I've had. Onion rings were pretty good as well.

It looks like it's just a fun little corner ice cream shop that happens to serve food as well, but they definitely know how to make a cheesesteak. Burgers are supposed to be good as well - I don't get to this side of town that often, but if I make it back, I'll have to give that a try.
My fiance and I had just gotten back from Cancun and were in the mood for a burger so after looking through some reviews we happened on this place. Burgers were good, chips were crispy and the fries were alright. Next time I will try the cheesesteak.
Great little pit stop on Gilbert rd.

Tried the 1/3 lb. burger, onion rings, fries, and choc. milkshake. All were exceptionally great, although I think the rings were better than the fries. The one thing I liked about the burger is that it's not too greasy.

Unfortunately I didn't get to try any of the ice cream, but wouldn't doubt its wonderful flavor. 

Whenever you're near this area, why not make it Mike's?
Fat kid food heaven!  Best Philly Cheesesteak I have ever had.  Roll was incredibly soft.  Ice cream shakes are amazing.  Huge selection of ice cream.  Onion rings are amazing.  Only thing bad I can say is the restroom was mediocre clean at best.
AMAZING cheesesteaks!!! They are huge, tons of cheese, pick your topping. So good! These are addicting and I will be coming back again. It's a great find in Gilbert Town Square and it's so nice to find something other than McDonalds and other fast food chains. Give it a shot!
Summary: If you want a good old fashioned burger go here!

My wife and I recently moved to Arizona and have been craving a good cheeseburger. You know, the non fast food kind. The kind that tastes like an old fashioned mom-and-pop-joint burger should taste.  

We decided to stop at Mike's more or less randomly because my name is also Mike (so naturally we had to try it).  Needless to say, we could not have been more pleased with our little adventure.  As soon as I walked in and saw the juke box and the old-school menu board I knew we had found a winner.

The worker was super nice, took our order, and threw in 2 free drinks because it was our first time!  We each got a burger and a side of fries.  The bun was fresh, toasted, soft, and way above your average mass produced white bread bun. The meat was excellent. You could really taste the freshness in the patty and it was cooked to perfection. Even the fries were tasty!  (I saw the worker bring out a cheesesteak to someone while we were waiting for our food and I will be returning soon).

You can tell Mike's uses really fresh ingredients, including the meat, and knows how to cook a top-notch burger.  Give it a try!!
Best Burgers!!.. The bacon is thick, the burgers are huge & taste great. Every time we have been there everyone has been friendly & helpful. Love this place
Only been one time, but it's safe to say I had an above average experience! I ordered the half pound Jalapeo Jack burger with a side of onion rings. The burger entailed a perfect spice, high quality meat (from Midwestern meats), and flavorful cheese. The onion rings were really great too! Decent portions here, I was definitely full. 
My only problem is that my bill was $11 and change. A bit pricey for a no frills in and out styled place that caters to those who need a quick bite to eat after work or another event. I didn't even order a drink, mind you. Regardless it's but a minor set back in what was a really solid burger! I'd recommend it to others.
Excellent homemade burgers. Great portions for the price.
NOT BAD , But not as good as fuddruckers...I was pleased to not have to drive 10 miles to fuddruckers
Wow  the food is fantastic,  my wife adn I had the cheesesteak   it melted in your mouth  the bread was perfect  toasted on the inside just enough for the crunch but soft on the outside.  The owner offered to help us order since my wife was on crutchs so we didnt have to stand at the counter.  Our kids joined us about 5 minutes after we ordered and they made sure all our food came out together and it was perfect.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great meal.
We came here for lunch the other day because its right by my work and our school is doing an ice cream fundraiser here. So we thought we give this place a try. The owner was very friendly and helped recommend some things to eat. I ordered their Philly cheese steak with mushroom, green chili and jalapeos and my boyfriend got the cheeseburger and fries. Since it was our first time there he gave us a free drink which was nice. The food tasted really fresh and the cheese steak I got was so good. Probably one of the best cheese steaks I've tried so far in Arizona. The bread was soft and not to hard and the meat was flavorful. My boyfriend also enjoyed his cheeseburger because it wasn't greasy. The owner also came to our table before he left to check on us and to see how the food tasted. I would defiantly recommend this place and will be coming back.
Great cheesesteak. My oldest son, who's never tried one, said, "this is the BEST!". My other son said, "these sliders are like GOLD on a plate" and my wife liked her bacon cheeseburger. Good, friendly service too. Mike's a nice guy and makes some good food.
Great place. Owner represents well. Ordered the Philly with jalapeos, mushrooms, red and green peppers!!! Bread is delivered daily. Very impressive. We will be back. Lots of ice cream choices! Not a lot of seating but very friendly staff. My wife's response is "I've found my new sandwich place!"
AMAZING GREAT cheese-steaks!!! They are huge for the price, tons of meat, pick your topping. So good!  I'll be coming back again. It's a great find in Gilbert Town Square and it's so nice to find a business that offer a great sandwich.

** Remember Mike to fuse the roll with the meat & cheese on the grill so the roll get hot.

The best in east valley compare to others here on the east side.
I ordered the cheesesteak w/ onions and peppers. It was really good, especially compared to Charleys or other fast food chain style that are microwaved. I havent had a cheesesteak this good in a very long time. This came off a real cooktop! Good thing I was hungry, I was able to down the whole thing. My wife got the chicken sandwich w/ pepperjack cheese. It didn't look to spectacular, but she said it was tasty.

Thirfty Brand ice cream. Lots of flavors. Big plus!

The decor is like a 50's vibe, old jukebox, black and white checkered tile, red accents. Guy really cares about the food and making people happy. Was pretty empty on a sunday around noon, everyone must still be in church!

The kid who took my order was super friendly, explained their popular items and was polite. The owner? checked on us once the food was out to make sure everything was okay.
Amazing food: they have the best cheesesteaks in town. You have to try the sweet potato fries.
The meat really is the main attraction at this homage to the '50s. You get a friendly greeting when you walk in the door (typically from mike). Weather you get a cheesesteak or a burger it is always cooked to juicy perfection. The onion rings are great too. You order at the counter and get your own drinks but the staff delivers your food (in about 10 minutes), always makes sure it is right and good. They also are do gooders - participating in meal match.org and I have seen them get involved with school fundraisers too.
Hard to find a place where the owner comes out and greets you if he's there and it's your first time there. Very friendly and very good at recommending foods. Great music too.  The FOod was delicious.
Seen this place on yelp for awhile but finally have them a try with my mom and husband today. We ordered a little bit of everything. Cheesesteaks, wings, onion rings, chicken nuggets, and fries. You definitely get a lot of food for your money. The cheesesteak was overloaded with chopped prime rib with the right amount of onions. The bread was the perfect consistency to hold all the meat without making it soggy at all. Wings were delish and crispy. Fries and onion rings were good. I believe the onion rings were beer battered. Overall really tasty. Best part is you have to save room for dessert because they serve THRIFTYS ice cream!!! My ultimate fav!
Best cheesesteak in town!  I have tried Gxxxxs and they don't come close to Mikes.
Went here while my parents were visiting...had some of the best cheeseburgers and cheesesteaks I've ever had!
Great place, arguably best hamburger in the Phoenix metro area. Great place for the kids with Thrifty ice cream. Try the cheese steak sandwich. Great place highy recommend. Mikes a great host
This place is great I wish I lived closer I would come more often the staff was great it was my first time took the time explain everything to me and even recommend to me what I should get I had Chicago dog it was awesome hands down 6stars out of 5
We hadn't been in a long time and I regret that...  Got my wife the beef cheesesteak with all the fixings and it was awesome.  Fully loaded, fresh bread and a ton of delicious fries..  I got the half pound bacon cheese burger and sweet potato fries.  Also delicious.  Mike the owner is super nice and literally asks each guest as they walk out how their meal was.  And also thanks them for coming in.  Great Place, great food.  Go there!
We came in towards closing one night and were greeted with friendly smiles and conversation from Mike (the owner). We told him it was our first time in and he was more than happy to go through the menu with us and proceeded to tell us his restaurant is known for their cheesesteaks. The rumble in my stomach and the smells of meat cooking got me to order one immediately with peppers, onions, mushrooms and cheese. We were told it would be about a 10 minute wait and were given complimentary fountain drinks in the meantime. We were also told the restaurant is getting painted and having some minor renovations to look less like an ice cream shop (ie: checkered floors, ice cream pictures posted, etc.). Place is cute with toys and candies for kids and a Coke machine with glass bottles. 

When our food arrived, the cheesesteaks were huge and overflowing with meats and toppings! The bread is heavenly mixed with the tender meat, veggies and melting cheese, WOW! I was super hungry and could barely finish the cheesesteak! This is definitely the right place to go if you are hungry and in need of good food!

Oh, and I did get some ice cream to go (chocolate brownie) and that was also good. I could have done without the walnuts though.

Will be back and lucky for me it's so close to home!
I went to Mike's to try their cheesesteaks, and I was pleased. The bun and meat were all very good, seasoned well and juicy. Had provolone, onions, mushrooms and jalapenos on it and was very tasty with just the right amount of heat. Onion rings and fries were good too. At this point the only two places in the valley I would eat a cheesesteak is Mike's and Capriotti's. Wife had fish and chips and was also good...much better and cheaper than nearby full service restaurants charging twice as much. Had some yummy ice cream to finish it off. Only complaint was the tables were dirty (previous diners left a mess behind).
First timer. Had the cheesesteak. Was juicy and d-ish. Next time I'll have it with the green chili. Mike was helpful with suggestions. Highly recommend!
It's a shame- the burgers are actually good but I can't get over seeing the employee scoop my fries with his bare hands.  Ewwww.  Luckily, I said something & got new, untouched fries but can't shake the image
My first time in and the owner took my order and was extremely nice. I placed a to go order and he gave me a free drink while I waited. I ordered a cheesesteak and fries. The sandwich was awesome and the fires where still crispy even after a 10 minute drive back home. I definitely recommend this place and will going back very soon.
We were just browsing through yelp one night looking for a place with good burgers.  We stumbled upon Mike's and decide to give it a try.  Upon arrival we were promptly greated by the friendly staff.  We ordered a cheeseburger, cheesesteak, and chili cheese fries.  They also serve thrifty/riteaid ice cream! Honestly we didn't think much or have any expectations for this place.. but boy did they give us a suprise.  

Cheeseburger- the most moist, perfectly cooked, delicious burger I have had in the east valley! I even liked it better than Rehab burger. My boyfriend agrees!

Cheesesteak-  Theres something about that fluffy buttery bread they put everything in.. grilled onions and cheese so good! The beef was so tender too!

Chili cheese fries- this was the only thing I didn't really like because they used nacho cheese/ cheese wiz on top.  I think this is personal though, I am really not a big fan of none stringy cheese.  The fries were good though!

The only thing I wished for here was for their cheese to be stringy! But other than that you have a great place to bring kids! Awesome food and ice cream!
Do not eat here it took 20 mins to get the food to us and our fries were cold. The chicken wings looked like a snake sheading its skin. The ketchup tasted like shit. DO NOT FUCKING EAT HERE!!!!! I would give -5 stars if i could my. 2 year old nephew was throwing his food away before we were even done eating the "food" (if you can call it food) wont go back if they offer to pay me
Wow! Wanted a burger and got even more.  Great burgers and cheese steaks.   My wife and had a great customer experience and will be bringing our friends back with us
We passed by this place a few times and finally decided to give it a try.  We are so glad we did.  We ordered bacon cheeseburgers and they were out of this world!  I am so sorry we didn't go here sooner.  I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu.
Love this place took my fianc to this place for a quick bite also brought the dog. owner let us know it's a dog friendly patio and the burgers where awesome great service and awesome fries great place for cheap date night ....
Joni and I were in Gilbert to scope out the real estate in the area. We decided to go around and check out some of the eating establishments. We were not hungry at the time and just wanted to see the menus to see what was available. Stopped by Mikes Burgers and were greeted by Mike the owner. We chatted a bit and after a little conversation decided that it would be a good place for some good ole American food. 

A couple of days later we stopped in for some cheese steak sandwiches and were amazed at how good they were. The rolls were great and the steak was piled up to the ceiling. We are moving from Colorado to Gilbert and are very pleased that we have a place to go for our cheese steak fix. I have not tried the burgers yet but I will bet they are great too.
The best cheese steak around.  The portion sizes are ginormous,  could easily share a sandwich.  The bun is soft and the meat is so tender.  We also ordered chicken wings and the have to be the largest wing size around.  If you're craving a hearty steak sandwich this is the to check out. We had no idea they serVed thrifty ice cream too.  We may come back just for ice cream.  Very pleased with this Mike's cheese steak.  Only suggestion is to see them clean their rest rooms and add a mirror in the ladies room.
Amazing food! Had a cheese streak with fries and it was amazing.  I loved the look and atmosphere plus the music is great.  Good eats and good times.
We got  the philly cheesesteak and the jalepeno jack burger. Both were cooked to perfection and delicious! We also got the fries and onion rings and they were both great too.  Everything was cooked fresh to order and everything was fresh tasting. I would highly recommend mikes and we will for sure be back soon. Great service to go with the great food!
We like to support locally owned businesses as much as possible and this is the reason why. We were greeted by the owner and he explained the menu and our options. He made it known that he uses only fresh, quality ingredients. Pops and I each got burgers and fries...both we cooked perfectly and taste awesome. Next time we're going to try the cheesesteaks. You can tell when someone puts their heart into their craft and that makes all the difference
First time at Mikes, I ordered a beef cheesesteak sandwich & a drink, since it was my first time, my soda was free!! My sandwich was worth every penny!! I have that feeling of being full, but can't stop eating cause my sandwich is so good!! Keep up the amazing food! I will be back to try new things and have some ice cream too!
Cheesesteak was very good, lots of cheese and LOADED with good, tender beef. A little bready, but the bread is darn good too. Onion rings were a disappointment. Appeared to be from frozen prefab, a touch greasy, but with a decent crunch and the onion didn't pull out on the first bite, so OK. I'll try fries next time. Overall a good sandwich. Good service too. Just two young guys, maybe even teens, running the whole show on a Sunday night as far as I could tell. Quick to take the order and then run it out right to the table. I'd definitely give it another shot, the sandwich really was damn good.
Sunday lunch with a buddy.  I ordered the build-your-own cheesesteak and onion rings on the side.  Buddy ordered the 1/2 burger with bacon, 'shrooms and fries.  Guy behind the counter was friendly and tossed in free drinks given our first visit there. (thanks!)  About 20 minutes for the food but we were told beforehand which was nice.  Worth the wait though.  Cheesesteak had good flavor and was served hot -- the aroma was worth the visit itself upon serving.  Onion rings were good but I'd order cheese fries next time.  My buddy devoured his burger and fries without saying much as he was focused eating and that is a good thing!  Good eats were had and I'll be back upcoming.  Recommended.
I checked this place out for the first time with the man. I think this is just a locally owned burger place. The burgers were spot on, so fresh and tasty. Not only are the patties hand pattied and delivered daily from a local meat company in Mesa, but they are reasonably priced. We went on a Wednesday and they had a special going where you could get a $1.00 ice cream with any meal purchase and if I remember correctly, Phillies were a $1 off too. 

The ice cream was super tasty. I've never heard of the Thrify brand but wow...creamy and delicious!

I think the owner was doing the cooking and he actually came out when we walked in and explained the menu to us and gave me his recommendations when I asked. Everything is made to order and I love how fresh everything was.
Food was terrific! The bun my cheese steak was on was very fresh. Waited about 15 min before our food came out, which was a little frustrating but like I said, food was terrific. Will be back.
The Family and I love going here for dinner.  My favorite is the cheese steaks!  I am a fan of the cheese steak and it is hard to find a good one.  Mike has found the secret combination.  I would recommend you try it out if you enjoy a great cheese steak,  My son loves the kids sliders!

Great family owned business!
Food is great, and staff is really friendly. I had the bacon cheeseburger with fries and a drink. The price was reasonable, and on top of that, I also received an additional 10% off for being a business owner. I am definitely going back to try the cheesesteak which looked amazing!
Went in with my cousin he got a burger I got a cheesesteak and we both spent most of the night in the bathroom...food was not good! They make a much better burger 2doors down from mikes at phonicia....
I've been here several times for ice cream and food. Always a great experience. I would highly recommend.
I am sitting in here for the first time and I haven't eaten anything yet. I will say based on how filthy this place is, I won't be returning.
One of my favorite places to eat! At my work we do a Wednesday Cheesesteak run at least once a month! 
We give Mike a call, each steak is ordered different. We arrive to freshly Cooke steaks, boxed and ready to go, each labeled so there is no guessing which is which.
This place is by far the best burgers in town.  I would put this place up against any burger joint, any day hands down.  Mike really knows how to make a great burger. 5 stars!!!
I really liked this place! Boyfriend and I went for lunch and it was good. Nice decor, kind of a 50's ish feel and clean. Mike was there cooking and is friendly. I hope this place sticks around :)
Took them a few times to get the order right, and then when we got to the window they still got it wrong.

I guess its because it hasnt been open that long.

Food was ok though, I will try it again.
Wow, really good custard.  Love, love, love it.  

The burgers are pretty good too.  Don't let their thinness fool you, they are filling.  The fires are kinda a pain though.  Their so skinny, they are hard to pick up and dunk in ketchup!  

Sizes of the drinks and ice cream items are small.  But lets face it, do we really need all of those extra sugars?  However, given their size, I would have liked to see lower prices.  Matter of fact, prices are the only reason I can think of that this place didn't get 5 stars from me.
I was cruising down Williams Field the other night and Freddy's just kinda jumped out at me - had never noticed it there before, apparently because it just recently opened.  Brak loves a good burger, and being hungry at the time, I had to pull in and check it out.  I ordered some sort of double burger and fries.  It wasn't bad, but I wasn't terribly impressed either.  The burger patties were thin with some weird consistency that I can't even describe.  They were somewhat overcooked.  The bun & fixins were fine, and that helped somewhat.  The fries were super-thin and coated with some sort of thin coating of batter before frying, and while they were tasty enough, their thinness made them somewhat of a pain to dip in Heinz's finest and made for having to grab a bunch of them at a time to mow through them without taking forever.  I'll probably give Freddy's another go at some point, and maybe try something else on the menu.  This joint requires further study for a comprehensive conclusion.  Brak will be back!
Its fast food, so its hard to go above 3 or 4 stars.  In my opinion better than the mainstays like McDonalds, BK, Wendy's and just a bit below In n Out.  Burgers are different but very flavorful.  My wife was excited as she is a huge Steak and Shake fan, she said these were good too, very similar to her favs from the Midwest.  I liked the thin shoestring fries very tasty.  I didn't have a custard of my own my the wife did and it was good.  A great place to take the kids for an above average fast food meal, heck, if i was driving by and was hankering a burger in the middle of the day I certainly would be back.
I told my son that he could pick anywhere he wanted to eat dinner last night because he had a good week in school. He wanted some Freddy's action which I was not about to argue because I wanted to try the Chicago dog and chili cheese fries. I didn't care too much for the Chicago dog but not because of the quality, turns out it's just not my thing but I'm glad I tried it. The chili cheese fries were frickin awesome though. For $3.30 you get this huge basket with the perfect amount of chili, cheese and onions. Certainly not a heathly choice but c'mon you don't go to a place like Freddy's for a salad
I love their double California burger and the Dirt and Worms custard. Two grabtastically thumbs up!
Went back last night with the girlfriend to give it one more shot.  Lukewarm french fries, and again, I was not impressed with the burgers.

The people that work there are friendly enough, but I guess I am just not a fan.
Yummy burgers!  Good crispy fries.  Nom nom nom.  The custard was equally delicious.  Be sure to save room.
I love Freddy's but this location has terrible service! I've been there multiple times and everytime there is something wrong with my order or service is slow. The last time I went, some pecans inexplicably found their way into my oreo skake! What if I had been allergic!!! Luckily, I'm not however it was extremely irritating to get excited thinking I got a chunk of oreo only to find out it was a pecan! Not cool bro!
Wow. How have I not gone to this place sooner?!?! My favorite fast food place in the midwest was/is Steak N Shake and this tastes pretty darn similar. The burgers are thin, but cooked to a crispy perfection & the fries are thin and awesome as well. On my first trip, I had the patty melt, which was awesome. On my second trip, I had a burger and it was amazing. And on my third trip, I went for the hot dog and it was outstanding :) Have yet to be disappointed by the food at Freddy's. 

Next, we have the customer service here, which is top notch. There are a bunch of young kids behind the counter, but they all seem to have an impeccable work ethic and great manners. I don't know how the managers go about their hiring process, but they're doing a great job. 

Lastly, frozen custard... just do it. You won't regret it :)
The burgers were decent, I still prefer this over McDonald's, Wendy's, or burger King. But however I like In N Out better. The Fries tasted okay by them selves but with their seasoning and Freddy's Fry Sauce they were really good! The custard was pretty delicious!
Fast and friendly service. Orders are always served correctly. Get phased on the patty melt.
I generally like freddie custard, but after going to this location today I will never go to this one again. My husband and I bought regular Sunday's which were almost 4 dollars. When I looked in my bag, the cups were not even full of ice-cream. The serving was extremely skimpy and it seemed like they just were trying to put as little in there as possible. 

I would not recommend thus location. I have been to 2 others and they were both better. I would suggest the location on baseline because I never had that issue there and have been many times. 

Overall, the ice cream is good, but not a great value for the money.
Really like this place! The cheese burgers are tasty, custard (concrete's) are awesome and their french fries w/fry sauce **yes i said fry sauce** are DELICIOUS! 

Food - 4 stars
Service - 5 stars
Desserts - 4 stars

If you are in the area and are looking for a quick yummy burger than go no further. 

(Tis the season for Pumpkin Pie......Freddy's has an out of this world Pumpkin Pie Concrete that i would highly recommend.)
I've had many many many good experiences here... The only reason they got 4 stars is they have messed my order up several times but always very quick to fix! ( I get the patty melt which is sour dough and Swiss but I switch to Texas toast and provolone as Swiss doesn't sit right with me) other than that always nice staff and always fast service (does slow it down when they make it wrong but it's well worth the wait) I would get a concrete every visit if the small wasn't so expensive .. So sadly I do not get it often! 

In any case love this place!!!!
The patty melt and a chocolate malt. My favorite "cheat day" (or "cheap day") indulgence.
Great burgers and custard and the fries rock!
When I rolled up to this Freddy's the parking lot was empty and I couldn't see anyone inside. I figured - location, location, location and this poor little buddy went down because it didn't have a good location or something. I stammered in anyways and to my dismay they were indeed open - the workers all kind of looked like they were bored out of their mind. I was thinking, maybe they are indeed hurting for business.

I ordered the #1 and it was delicious. Their fries were little shoe-strings that were browned just right. Perfect. I generally like the opposite end of the fry spectrum - big meaty potato wedges, but these were really, really good. I was impressed.

The burger was equally good. I am a big fan of "old school" hamburgers that feel like they were made out of raw meat and thrown on a grill. These may have not been made out of raw meat, but they seemed like it. I will warn you though, even the double patty deal was about the same thickness as a single 1/4lb patty elsewhere. So yes, these patties are thin, almost crumbly. So if you're hungry you might want to order a second or just really concentrate on the fries (which they seemed to give a lot of). This is a little odd but I really liked that they gave a whole dill pickle slice for the pickle. I love pickles so they won my heart on that front.

I had never had custard before (gasp from the gallery, I know) so I wanted to try that before I left. how bad could it possibly be? I already love ice-cream, gelato, fro-yo, and shaved ice so how could I not like frozen custard? Well, it too was a win. I ended up eating it all even though I was pretty full. We got the Chocolate Brownie Delight.

On a total random note I really liked the "fry sauce" which I think was just ketchup and mayo mixed. I reminded me of the middle-school days when we would mix up the two and eat it on everything on our plate.

I'll give this place a 4.5/5. It was good but I really wished that the fries were a little more beefy. I felt like I had to go grabbing 300 times to eat my portion and I'd rather be lazy and rach 15 times and eat the same amount. LOL.
I love this place! This is one of the very few places I can find a great steakburger. Being from Illinois, this is where I go when I'm craving Steak-n-Shake since there are none in AZ.
Great burger and even better seasoned fries and special dipping sauce for the fries.  The frozen custard is good and a must have if stopping in.  Personally I like the "other" chain's frozen custard better.
I might have found a new addiction - Freddy's. Not sure why I have never been here before but I will be from now on!

We drove by this place over the weekend and I didn't know what it was, so I came back in for lunch. Their food is great, service is fantastic and it's very clean.

I had the patty melt, which was a tad too greasy, but it's a patty melt so you're basically asking for grease. It was good though. The fries were awesome - I don't normally like shoestring fries, but these were cooked perfectly. And they have fry sauce. Yes, fry sauce. That I think clinched it for me. I'm not sure what exactly it is, but for a person like me who normally mixes ketchup with ranch dressing for her fries, this stuff was YUMmy.

I was too full from lunch to try any of the frozen custard - sundaes, concrete mixers, or anything else - but next time i will have to plan things out so I can have both. Maybe just a basket of fries (with a ton of sauce) and a sundae.
Great burgers. Not the normal fast food burger. The fries are small cut and sometimes are over done.
This is one of the best fast food restaurants around. The food is always fresh and hot. The service is always friendly and helpful. From their burgers to fries to their custard (ice cream), , it's all good!
Love this place. Food is always fresh and hot and service awesome for a fast food restaurant.  LOVE the thin fries.
It was purely by accident that i found this place! Especially the fact it is a mile from home! I had never heard of the chain but decided to try it!  I like this place tons more than their local competition!!!  The burgers, fry sauce and frozen yogurts are perfect!!!! Thank you for my new addiction!
I was in the area (my old neighborhood) and I had a hankering for subs.  But Freddy's doesn't serve subs, you say.  You would be correct.  I drove to my favorite sub place and it turned out that the power entire shopping center where the sub place was located was out.  So much for feeding that sub craving. 
 I consulted my trusty yelp ap for another option.  This is where Freddy's enters the picture.  I got the California style burger, which basically means it has their special sauce on it.  They grill their burgers really flat at the edges which makes the edges sort of crispy and charred.  It actually added flavor, but I can see how some people wouldn't be a fan of that. 
 It wouldn't be a meal if it didn't end with dessert, so I ordered a mini vanilla custard with cookie dough on top.  The vanilla custard was so creamy and delicious and you could tell that the cookie dough was top quality (and trust me, I know my quality cookie dough!)  I would absolutely go back, especially for a sweet treat fix!
Best burger I've had in ages.  I took my husband back...he's not a burger person, but he really liked it too.  The burgers are thin and a bit crispy on the edges.  The fries were good, and the fry sauce was great. The turtleneck sundae was excellent. Now I'm having trouble NOT going there every day!
First time here and I was really impressed. I got the double steakburger California style and it was fantastic. The seasoning was perfect, it was cheesy and the beef was tender. The shoestring fries were crispy and tasty. The chicken tenders had a crispy and peppery crust and were moist.  My wife loved the frozen custard which is basically ice cream. Definitely coming back!
This place was very good!  It reminded me of steak and shakes which I frequented while I lived in Texas!  Their burgers were good and I loved the turtle frozen custard! I will definitely go back again!
Burgers, fries, frozen custard - oh my!! Deliciousness!!

Their burgers are fresh and yummy! Always made just the way you want them! 

The fries? To die for!! I'm not really a big french-fry person, but the shoestring fries here are too good to resist!

My kids got the t-shirts and get free frozen custard every visit now.. Kat, who's the manager there, is kind enough to remember us and told us we didn't need to drag the shirts in each time. We are so spoiled by the wonderful service and warm hospitality. 

You can't go wrong here. We go almost weekly (even getting lettuce wrapped burgers on my healthier visits ;)).
My husband, sister and I LOVE this place! The burgers are delicious and I am pretty much addicted to the fry sauce! The customer service is always amazing as well!
The burger I had was a little dry but the fries were great.  I didn't try the ice cream but it does look really good, I will go back to try that.  The prices were very reasonable.  It was about $13 for my son and I to eat.  He got a double cheese burger meal.  I got a single burger fries and no drink because they don't have a sugar/caffeine free option.  I can't handle caffeine late and I really don't need the sugar in the evening either so I had water.
I had the Freddy's Double Steak Burger. AMAZING! Their frozen custard is also amazing. This was my first time here and I am now a fan! This is where I eat every time I come to Arizona.
This place would be a solid 5 stars if it weren't for the burgers. 

Came in last night to try the meals for the first time (usually the hubby and I just do the frozen custard). We both tried a number one, which is a double burger, fries, and drink. The burgers were so thin I could have ordered a triple. They were also extremely crispy... I can now check off eating a thin, crispy burger from my bucket list. 

The custard and fries are great though, especially with their signature fry sauce.
Good all around place for pleasure (bad) eating. You got your burgers, fries and then custard all in one spot.

Burgers are tasty and have the nice flattop type char. Meat is super thin so you gotta do a double at minimum and the triple is really just about a normal double. But the flavor of the burgers are very good with the normal pickle/onion (grilled or fresh) lettuce and tomato toppings (depending on which type of burger you choose).

Fries are the skinny shoestring type fries which are actually really good and crispy. They are also great as chili fries as well. They have a nice seasoned salt you can put on them which adds extra flavor. They also have fry sauce (mayo/ketchup kinda deal) which is good.

Then come the custard which is really good. Chocolate or vanilla in all the variety you want: cones, sundaes, concretes etc. The turtle sundae is awesome.

Fast food type joint kinda fashioned in the old diner style.
The Bacon burger was big and juicy and the fries here are really good. They go great with the shakes/blizzards here which are called concretes. I've only tried one but it was awesome. Last time we went through the drive thru and we thought it was pretty quick but the lady at the register apologized for the "wait." That's good customer service in my eyes. I would highly recommend this location to everyone!
Butter Burgers and Frozen Custard it does not get any better, add awesome house made root beer on tap and you have got a winner on your hands folks.  I have loved Culver's since I lived in Illinois, and I am truly elated that they are so close to my Arizona home.  I know most folks live and die by In-N-Out or Five Guys but you gotta check out Culver's you will not be disappointed. They also serve up Shaved prime rib sandwiches, Ruben Sandwiches, Chicken and Fish options. Not to mention the numerous Frozen Custard; there is no way you will ever get tired of the delectable concoctions that are available for dessert. Right at near the corner of Cactus Rd and Greenway Village Parkway on the out side of PV Mall is where will find them. Oops I almost forgot to mention the Cheese curds, alas I could go on and on about Culver's but you really gotta try them for yourself.
I almost gave them 1 star, but since they are new, and the shake was good, I raised them to 2 stars.  I have never been to Culvers before, and have seen more of them poping up, so I decided to give it a try.  I waited 25 mins in the DRIVE THROUGH.  I ordered a burger, cheeze curds, and a shake, once I finally got to the window they gave me my shake and asked if I could pull forward and wait for my food?  WTF??  I pulled forward and waited another 15 minutes for my food.  Then they got my order wrong - a hamburger with only ketchup isnt supposed to have cheeze on it.  The cheeze curds were not very good and didn't come with a dipping sauce again WTF?  This location is brand new and maybe they are still working out the kinks, but I will not be going back.
I don't know what Culver's  everyone else went to, but I had the misfortune of going to the same Culver's that Allen went to. Let me count the reasons I won't be back:

1.) Too-crowded parking lot - Jesus H. Tapdancing, I get nightmares about Ted's Hot Dogs just looking at all the people lined up to eat unhealthy processed food. I had to walk a block away to the front door. 

2.) Nowhere to sit once you're inside. All the tables are full. I had to stand and circle the restaurant like a vulture looking for a place to sit. 

3.) Customer base skews elderly. I counted two - correction, three - elderly couples with walkers who needed the door held open for them. Not exaggerating. If you're under 60, you have no business eating at Culver's. But, hey, that's just me. 

4.) The beverage lids are apparently dispensed from this confusing doohickey thing. I'm fumbling with the doohickey trying to get the lid for my cup, and a rude (and elderly: see point #3) Culver's employee practically yells at me, "No, you do it like this-!" Thanks. I'll remember that if I'm ever in there again.

5.) The food wasn't worth the wait. Nearly every item on the menu is a different variation of their hamburger. The chicken and fish items are *very* difficult to find, even if you're looking up at the menu.  

Nobody greeted  me or welcomed me with a "Welcome to Delicious" when I got there. Someone did open the door for me when I left, but that was only because I was behind an elderly couple with a walker. 

I have been to In-N-Out. Never disappointed. I have been to Five Guys. Never disappointed. However, I was and am VERY DISAPPOINTED with Culver's - is it a "Midwest thing?" I don't get it. Am I alone in wondering what the hype's all about? 

VERY OVERRATED.
We couldn't wait for this to open for another alternative to burgers; what a big disappointment! On our first visit (through drive thru) we had to wait for 5-10 for our food, then got home and our fries were MISSING!  I got a chicken sandwich and it was ok, nothing spectacular, but the mashed potatoes were DREADFUL! Lumpy and nearly gray in color!  Hubby said his burger was not as good as InNOut. But decided to give them another try a couple of weeks later since they had just opened. I got a fish sandwich which was pretty good, and french fries that are your basic curly fries, baked not deep fried, which was good for me. Hubby got another burger and said it was about the same. We DID tell them about our missing fries and they gave us a free order, so that was good. Perhaps they'll improve as they get more established, but we'll continue to go to InNOut till then!
Yum!  Glad it is now close to home.
Well, sometimes you have to try try again, and I did--this time chose the prime beef sandwich and I have to admit, it was yummy, although I DID have to wait a bit, place was quite crowded with mall traffic; TIS THE SEASON!  Fries were not very hot, but probably cause I ate the sandwich first. They seem to be getting their act together and may even give InNOut a run for their money!
We went to Culver's this past Saturday night, and it was great!

When we lived in Illinois, Culver's was the big thing up in Wisconsin.  Well, through an aggressive expansion program Culver's is now being rolled out across the country and has finally made it to AZ.  

Given the quality of the food and service, you would have thought they would have started in California, but happily they've chosen the KISS method.  Just good Midwestern values I guess.

As the local WI media has put it, Culver's is:  "the Prairie du Sac-based franchise chain...The company opened 23 new restaurants last year, and now operates 395 locations in 17 states, with all but eight of them owned by franchise operators. Another 20 restaurants are expected to open this year."  

Hey, I don't care at this point what they are.  "Franchise chain" seems somewhat repetitious, or is it redundant?  Anyway, the food is great!.  But I've said that already, right?  But, it really, really is!

Culver's butter burgers are outstanding.  Think "In 'n Out", but with a Wisconsin dairy spin to it.  

We ordered, one single Butter Burger Meal, including Fries and Drink for $4.79; one Double Burger for $4.29, a medium Chocolate Shake for $3.49, a large Malt for $4.29 and it all came to $18.43, including tax.  The Shake and Malt were made from their Frozen Custard.  Delicious.

So, in summary -- great value, great food!

PS -- Text 50101 with a "JOIN CUILVERS440" message to join their eClub.  Nice!

PSS -- They need a bigger parking lot.  Way bigger!

PSSS--  After reading my review, one of my Illinois friends told me we need to go back and try their Reuben sandwich or Pot-roast meal!
I was hoping for a great cheeseburger. Unfortunately the burger was not good. I prefer In and Out Burger.  It was greasy, tasteless, and expensive. Yuk
I'll be honest, the burger isn't my favorite but I do ENJOY the Wisconsin Cheese Curds. I hate ordering them because Curd is just a weird word to say, but I'm always happy I say the weird word, cuz they are worth it! 

The other unhealthy thing I love here are the shakes. They look and taste great! 

The people said "hello, welcome to delicious" as soon as I walked in and they yelled "have a great day" as I left. I just think if you were having a bad day, how could this greeting not cheer you up?
This Culver's is packed all the time.  This location was not popular until Culver's moved in.  What a variety of a menu!  Everything from their delish butter burgers to fish and chips and the yummy grilled reuben.  They are known for their soft ice cream - top that with some hot fudge - great treat.  I just learned that an adult can order the kids meal which comes with a full size burger, fries and a tear off coupon on the bag for a dessert of ice cream.  -Don't pass that deal up!!!!
Burgers are not too bad, nothing great but somewhat unique w/ the buttered bun. Five Guys is better. HOWEVER: If you are craving a classic rueben, I don't know how they pulled it off, but it is phenomenal. The bread could be a little thicker but I give this fast food spawned reuben a freaking 9.5 out of ten. I was shocked. I had one yesterday and went back today. It's also not huge (but only 588 calories) but it is filling. Go try one because I know you think I am crazy but it's unreal. Chompies is the only one better in town. This reuben is second. note: ADD MUSTARD or you are missing out on a flavor extravaganza.
THree hours after eating at this location, things started going wrong with the body if you know what I mean. All I ordered was your basic cheeseburger and a chocolate custard shake. The burger didn't have its usual crispness, but otherwise seemed OK. Probably a bad batch of milk for the custard. I would skip this location and try another one because I still like Culvers and it wasn't a major food poisoning incident, but something was definetly wrong with the food since it was the only thing I ate all day.
I have had their food, it is OK, not the greatest for the price you pay.

The ice cream is great! It's very creamy...I love the turtle, but the only thing I don't like about it is that they change the flavors every day and you never know what the flavor will be, that is annoying to me!

When I like something, I stick to the same thing every time. This means that I will ONLY go there once a month for the ice cream that "I" like!! The other problem with that is that I always forget when that will be, so that leaves me only going there about 2-3 times per YEAR!!! Which sucks because I DO LOVE that flavor!!
A couple disclaimers... 1) I despise fast food places and avoid them like the plague. I usually only eat at one on road trips when there is no other food for hundreds of miles. 2) I'm a vegetarian. No burgers or chicken tenders for me. That really limits my choices. 3) I don't really like ice cream. I don't hate it but I'm not obsessed with it like most people are. Yes, I have a pulse.

I leaving PV mall and was trying to get to a pedicure appointment. I saw Culvers and had a weird craving for fries. I pull in their drive thru and see that they have a grilled cheese kids meal. I decide to give it a try despite the sorry excuses for grilled cheese other fast food places have. (Sonic's grilled cheese is a soggy disgusting mess.) 

Surprise! The grilled cheese was toasty, buttery, oozy goodness! Don't underestimate the power of a good grilled cheese. This one actually made a crunch sound when I bit into it. 

The fries were crispy, salty, and piping hot. Not freshly cut or anything but they did their job. 

So even if you are not a vegetarian and don't plan on ordering a grilled cheese from Culvers you can still learn something from my review. I believe you can tell a lot from a restaurant by their grilled cheese... if they can pull that off you are safe to order. I plan on returning with the fam. (Those weirdos are ice cream obsessed.)
Late dinner, could have been our last.  I really try NOT to post totally negative reviews cause everyone is entitled to have a bad day, but this one takes the cake.  

When we arrived at about 8:30 they were doing thier nightly cleaning.  It appears as if the ice cream machine was being clean, so no ice cream desert, one section of the dining room was closed off and blocked with chairs, which by the way was also blocking a fire exit, I told the manager but she just knodded her head, admited the exit was block and then went back to work, without moving the chairs.  I'm sure glad it didn't catch fire while we were eating.  

If you are wondering what kind of problem a couple of chairs could cause, just think something like Beverly Hills Supper Club Fire, in the 1970's.  

Althought the food tasted o.k., the side dishes were not with the proper sandwich, making things a little frustrating.  

I've e-mail the corporate office about the whole blocking the exit thing, it will be interesting to hear what they have to say.  I'll update when I hear from them.
The manager, owner or some bigwig called me this past Friday morning about my comment made to their website, and in the interst of saving time and space on yelp, he basicly threw his staff under the bus and stated they were cleaning that area of the dining room and were just to lazy to use the "wet floor" signs.  The fact that the area, by his admission was cleaned over 45 mins prior to my saying anything was not addressed.  He also claimed that they are cleaning and sanitizing the custard machine constantly so they can serve fresh custard.  Again, I don't think so.  I've worked behind the counter at enough fast food restaraunts to know that icecream machines are not constantly cleaned, otherwise, they would never serve anything out of them.  I've also seen crews breakdown machines early so they didn't have to stay any longer than possible after closing time. 

He also viewed the video and saw people moving the chairs to leave, so using them was just an act of lazyness on the part of his crew. 

So what does this mean for me?????  Culver's will not be my first choice, but if I'm looking for something different I'll stop in, but I'm not sure it'll be after 1:00 in the afternoon, otherwise, I might catch them in the middle of cleaning something.
Tasty burger and the frozen custards!
Can't believe I have not reviewed this locale because it is within walking distance of my Apt. I don't go here very often....but the other night I was craving Ice cream and since I had a free coupon I decided to pay Culver's a visit. I am always impressed with the Customer Service that I receive.....and usually I get my order fairly quickly. This occasion was no different.....I also have to mention that the Wisconsin Cheese Curds are a MUST. The establishment is very clean....very well lit....and even the outdoor seating is delightful. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
My first experience at Culver's was in Oconomowoc Wisconsin while visiting my Dad. He loves this place and it is always a tasty treat. They have a little bit of everything on their menu and it is an easy score with the whole family.

It is hard to resist a Butter Burger and some Custard to finish off the meal. Normally go crazy and order more than I need to eat. You can always walk it off at the PV Mall right next door. I've tried the Burgers, Chicken, BBQ Beef, and several others on the menu. Food is always good and it reminds me of going back to the Midwest to visit family and old times. Nice!

This location is a little smaller than some of the others. Get there early to beat the crowd during that shopathon time of year and don't forget to order some Custard.

Cheeseheads Rule!
People rave about their butter buns, but I don't taste anything different than any other regular hamburger.  Their custard/yogurt/ice cream is really good, of course.  But as far as food-wise, nothing to write home about.  I do admit, their crinkle cut fries are pretty good - they were crunchy and had just enough salt on them.  Our son had the kids meal which came with a free custard (you have to tear off the coupon off of the kids meal bag - easy to miss if you don't pay attention to what's written on the bag).
We love this place.  Great variety and quality of good for a reasonable price.  Delicious custard and other comfort food are a big draw for us.
4 stars for their bonfire s'mores frozen custard. 3 stars because they changed the milk chocolate flakes they put in it. 2 stars because they don't have this flavor as often as I'd like.
Never again!!   We have been bombarded here in Phoenix with adds about Culver's  fish sandwich, and even though I have never eaten at this restaurant, the adds looked so good, I thought I would give it a try. For anyone who has eaten the horrible stuff at Long John Silvers, this one is just the same.  It was greasy beyond belief.  The lettuce was like slime and what they call cheese, I did not recognize as cheese. That's not the worst part, they actually charged me $5.35 with tax!    Yikes!  I want my money back!
The decadent bacon cheeseburger is two steps above the fast food competition. And the tasty fries have a unique cut that you don't always see. The owner appears to be present and friendly.

However, there is a consistent offensive odor upon entering the small front foyer that is halfway between sour milk and a dumpster in July.  It could choke a horse, and I have never encountered it in another restaurant.

Please assure us that is not intended as part of the old-time appeal of Culvers.
I only comes in once a year for my birthday specials.  The menu prices here are fairly high and super expensive for my taste.  But I do enjoy the way they cook and prepare your food.  Good place for "actual" fresh hot food.
Closed! I drove by this location today (June 2014), and was sorry to see the building fenced off and the signs removed. Guess it's closed for good. Too bad, the cheese curds were yummy and the custard was delish!
Yup, this location has closed.  I can't image why with a combination of poor quality food and a dirty interior.  But if you ever filled out a survey, or even directly contacted Culver's, you know they don't seem to care how their stores are or how the franchisees run them.
This location just opened earlier this week at the corner of Rainbow and Robindale. I know 4 stars might be a little excessive for a fast food joint, but considering I've got a huge sweet tooth (that's why I was a fat kid) I'm giving them high marks for their sweet stuff. I love me some Blizzards, especially the strawberry cheesequake. This place is a grill and chill, so they've got all the fried and greasy food you would expect from a fast food restaurant. They also have a small patio area if you want to gaze out into the picturesque view of the Rainbow/Robindale intersection (yeah, that was my poor attempt at sarcasm).

The staff is obviously still in the process of training. When I ordered my blizzard the girl had no idea how to ring it up. But everyone was very nice and friendly. After you order they'll bring the food out to your table.

TIP: If you sign up for the fan club on the DQ web site they'll send you a coupon for a free 16 oz blizzard w/ the purchase of another 16 oz blizzard.
If you've got that tickle for something sweet, this is where me and the hubs [drive-thru] to satiate the sweet tooth. I haven't tried any of the burgers or any non-dessert items - but their soft serve in any form is just what the doctor ordered.

The blizzards in the mini size is just the right amount, the small is certainly shareable, and the medium or large is if you feel like living on the edge or eating your daily calorie allotment all in one sitting. And don't forget the different types of candy in the blizzards you can choose from.

If you want to go the simple route - i go with a chocolate dipped vanilla cone - which also comes in varying sizes.

I think the greatest thing about dairy queen is it evokes memories of summer or hanging out with friends and/or family and is right around the corner from home.
Small restaurant, seating areas available, Drive-Thru and great service. 

We visit this location when we're looking to get a cold sweet fix.
When it comes to Ice Cream at Dairy Queen nothing beats the Reese Peanut Butter Blizzard with Brownies...  This is one of those treats that should only be had once in a while as too keep from going into sugar overload.

This DQ is located in a nice shopping center where you can grab a dinner then head over for dessert... For me this visit was a sweet tooth needing an infusion of Peanut Butter & Chocolate!!! It was all that I needed the warm brownie chunks smothered in hot fudge, Vanilla Ice cream,  broken pieces of Reese Cups, & Creamy Peanut Butter all that slammed in a Blizzard Cup... Damn it was so good!!!!

The staff seemed overwhelmed when given more than three customers...  The girl working the register was totally lost after taking all our orders forgetting what orders where for who... Maybe that night she was new not sure but over all My Blizzard was Awesome so hats off to the Kid in the back making my order...

Overall:
Great Blizzard
Good Customer Service
Good Location
Tip jar in the drive-thru window....real bad form! It's time the franchise management to make some changes.
The drive through staff is really friendly and patient with my indecisive self. I usually just come for my usual and favorite Julius Strawberry Banana. The food is obviously not of great quality, as I think their main highlight here are the shakes. Great food deals, but portions are small. VERY SMALL. I only grab food here when I'm dying of starvation, and is craving a smoothie at the same time. It's just efficient to kill two birds with one stone this way.
This review is about this DQ's service and product:

Product: My husband and I ordered a hot fudge sundae and a dipped cone from the DQ drive thru. His hot fudge sundae came exactly the way it was supposed, however, when the drive thru rep handed us my order, she gave me a plain vanilla cone. I had advised that it was supposed to be dipped. After about a minute or so, she handed me my dipped cone. Now, I have been to this Dairy Queen several times and what was handed me was a vanilla cone with a very very very thin layer of chocolate around the ice cream (please see picture). I have ordered this item in the past and never has the chocolate looked like that. Yes, I'm complaining about the amount of chocolate that was used on my cone, but specifically the quality and presentation is what I really had a problem with. 

Service: I went into the DQ and politely asked to speak with someone. When the manager approached me I advised that I was a bit dissatisfied with the end result. He stated, "The chocolate is too hot and that's why it looks like that on the ice cream". There was no apology, and in fact, I'm a bit sad at the way he made me feel as if I was bothering him. I asked just for a new plain vanilla cone instead. As he walked away to make it, he looked over his shoulder and said, "You can throw that one away". I did. He came back and handed me a plain cone and said nothing. At this point, I was so surprised with the lack of customer service that I took the cone and walked out. There was no sincerity or apology. Not that I was looking for that, but I do expect to be treated at least somewhat nicely as I was not irate or even mad about the situation until the manager told me to throw my original order away. In addition, there was no refund for the difference. I know we're talking about small change here, but being the manager he should have at least refunded me for the difference. 

I understand they were busy, but I can't understand being treated like a bother. Although this place is just a few blocks away from me, I would rather go out of my way for ice cream than ever go here again.
Small but cozy location, had a chicken wrap and onion rings along with a chocolate shake. All the employees were super nice, place was clean and even the manager came out during our meal and asked if we needed anything and checked on the food taste and quality. That kind of service means a repeat customer!
I am a huge fan of most frozen treats. Dairy Queen is no exception. If I just don't care about calories, I am going through the drive through for a mint oreo blizzard. The kid in me cannot resist and they jam pack it with cookie goodness.
Ordered 2 medium caramel oreo cheesequake Blizzards with extra cheesecake through the drive thru on 10/25/2013 at 5 pm. I found a bloody bandaid in my mouth. I assume it came from the blizzard because it was the only thing I was eating at the time. Tony the store manager was very apologetic. He was working that day and remembered me coming through the drive thru. Tony spoke with the owner and he was authorized to offer me a FREE large caramel oreo cheesequake Blizzard to replace the one that had a used band aid in it. 

I offered him a FREE large caramel oreo cheesequake blizzard for chewing a bloody bandaid. He declined.
Don't go to the one on Rainbow in southwest area. The employees are rude and not apologetic at all. Especially around 10am- 12 pm. A simple way to address a customer if you can't offer something is to say " I'm sorry unfortunately we can't offer that until 11am." Not " I can't do that my computer won't let me" (with a rude tone) and then still rude because you can't hear thru the telecom. Since he couldn't hear me a female had to finish the order and she was just as rude. My suggestion is do not buy at the DQ on Rainbow.  I'm assuming they are usually servicing students so they think they can talk to people the way they do. I wouldn't even rate this location a 1 star.
I been to this location several times; i always got excellence serviced. the foods  also always came out hot and fresh. Very satisfied!
I never have DQ but tonight I had that Blizzard urge from outta nowhere.  Smooth and easy transaction at the counter.  She was very helpful and NO band-aid in it.
At any Dairy Queen any product you order is going to be near identical. The true challenge lies in consistency of product, speed, and customer service. Out of those three options that are important to me, we have strikes one and two.

This location is always on the ball and has not messed up an order of mine to this date. However, the customer service needs a little work. During after-hours, the drive-thru can really line up. This is understandable if the place is busy but the drive-thru pace is reminiscent of the terrible traffic on the Long Island Expressway I came to Vegas to escape. The intercom system in which you place your order is highly ineffectual, many times leaving the employee annoyed enough for you to hear it in the inflection in their voice. Kind of reminds me of the 'And then...' scene from "Dude, Where's my Car?"
I clean a house in the area once or twice a month and always take my lunch break here. The $5 dollar lunch is a great deal! Usually I get tons of fry's and 3 chicken tenders. This time the chicken was tiny and I got a child sized handful of COLD AND STALE fry's. Needless to say that prompted me to review the whole place. 
Every time I come here they can't understand me through the intercom. Than they get fed up with ME! And start to get rude. I don't know if they know it's not my problem OR MAYBE they think I'm being annoying, so they spit in my stuff. Either way, I don't appreciate the attitude. $5 lunch deals aren't even worth it!
Warning- they will always ask you if you want extra topping on your blizzard!! Then they never give you any extra topping. I love blizzards but I'm never going back to this place.  If you must get a blizzard here don't pay for the extra topping !! It's a trick. 

Also I called in after a couple visits because I was fed up and asked that they make me a real blizzard or give me some more butterfinger but the girl refused.
I felt like i was getting ignored when i walked in since no one wanted to help me. found someones hair in my ice cream and fries. Would not ever go back
Just what Chandler needs --- an Indian restaurant with quality, fresh, excellent Indian Food.

The menu is somewhat limited -- as they have just opened -- and maybe that's a good thing to limit yourself to producing excellent dishes.   Prices are reasonable and servings are generous.    Some great quick options for lunch!

Dining in on the evenings is a little quirky to say the least --- food served on paper plates and in box like containers..........with plastic utensils which are not up to the job of cutting into a somosa (which are excellent!) --- but I can overlook quirky (for a while --- assuming they are figuring out the best approach for dine-in) -- because the food is exceptional!!!!    Great attention to detail in freshly made and perfectly spiced dishes.   

Generous servings, friendly (family) staff...........and truly great food!    Really hope this place makes it in Chandler -- in a strip mall that has been plagued by small businesses coming and going.   A little difficult to find -- but well worth the search!
it's the real deal! Authentic Indian food with no fuss! owners were very welcoming as if we were visiting their home. food was extremely flavorful! At first the menu seemed a little pricey for the atmosphere...but with a coupon, the freebies the owners threw in, and after eating, it was well worth it.  The paper/plastic utensils didnt bother us one bit.... it's all part of the experience right!? and who eats Indian with utensils anyways! we will definitely be going back!
This family-run cafe is open less than two months, but I think they are on to a winner - the food is lovely and well-priced, the staff welcoming, the portions good. Minor niggle is the disposable plates and cutlery, but don't let it frighten you off - otherwise this is a nice place to have a meal.
Nice atmosphere and looks like a newly built place. The customer service was excellent. The kid in glasses is a pimp.

Now the food...i hate doing this but it is not on par with other indian restaraunts. I had the goat biryani....jad it spicy...be warned it is a tummy twister. The chicken curry could have being better. The naan was burnt....not good. 
So if you do eat the spicy food...to alleviate the pain...eat some Belgium chocolate.
Great addition to the neighborhood. Wife and I have had the chicken tiki masala and the rice bowl. Chicken perfectly flavored and moist. Rice bowl was so good. Light fluffy rice on a platter surrounded by small samples of all of their curries. Wonderful garlic non bread as a side. They have applied for a liquor license, so will be back for dinner.
im one of rambha s client who alwayes comes for her,, now she has a very good resturant has the best indian food,, omg the food is soooo good  , everytime i go to the salon,, i have to get something to eat ,, i bring my familly and friends there and they love it, i think this resturant will bring alot of business to the salon,, so to whoever yo should go try thge resturant u will love it........
First, the good things.  The Chili Chicken is awesome.  My wife and I both love it as it is spiced well and different than what we have had at other restaurants.  The Nan was also fluffy and not greasy. The Peas Palau was also unique with fruit and nuts.   Now the challenges.  I have been here several times and although they say Dosa on the online  menu and also on some signs in the restaurant, I have yet to be there when they can actually serve it. The beans in the Chana Masala were undercooked both times we ordered it.  They also don't make Dall.  What Indian restaurant doesn't make Dal?  Still too early to give them 2 stars but hope they get consistent on what they can serve.
Ordered the Samosa Appetizer to go. Their prices are a little expensive considering that the Samosa's were tiny and flavorless. The chutney was too thick. I do want to try the goat there. Some other day maybe. The place itself is very well set up and it would be nice to take colleagues etc to lunch there.
The food at this restaurant was a bit below average.  I ordered Vegetable Samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Garlic Naan.  The samosas were a bit overdone...boderline burnt.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was a bit bland with very little taste.  The naan was pretty good.  The staff provided good service.  I might give this restaurant another chance.
A nice, quaint little local place.  The food is very authentic although the menu is quite limited compared to most Indian restaurants I've been to.  Of the dishes we've tried we like the chicken Tikka Massala the best.  The Lamb Curry is pretty good too.  It's not on the menu but the chef made me some Lamb Vindaloo and it was great.  Their Garlic Naan is OK but inconsistent.
I have been here twice once when it first opened. At the average cost of $14.00 a head we ate off the cardboard plates and were put off, although the food wasn't bad, but not at all spicy. I thought I would give it a second try. This time I did a takeout - I ordered two chicken Tikka Masalas medium spice  and a tandoori chicken for a friend who does not like curry - rice came with all three dishes and we ordered Naan breads too. The masala have 10 small chucks of chicken in them in a pale yellow fairly bland sauce and the tandoori chicken which should be dry was served with peppers and onion fry with a chili paste which they then coated the chicken with! Most of it got thrown away. I did return one masala which they gave me store credit for ($10.95) with two explanations - One, each chef has a variation on how they cook the dishes (our chef had decided that tomatoes shouldn't be a part of our tomato based curry).  Two, for our American customers we tell them not too cook it spicy! Sorry Bay Leaf Owners, but in my opinion consistency is an important part of running a restaurant
First time eating Indian in Chandler. I'm visiting from the PNW and my relatives asked if Indian was okay. I'm a huge fan of Indian food so of course I agreed. The food was great. Small portions but good. I felt like I was full enough but could probably still eat more if available. We ordered two main dishes and some garlic naan for the four of us. I feel like these portions were just smaller than other Indian places. One of the curry chickens came attached to the bone so I didn't eat a much of that chicken than the other chicken that came pre-cubed. I say great food, although I guess I have high expectations of Indian food from where I live in Portland, OR and Tacoma, WA. I'm sad they didn't offer anything like chicken or more importantly lamb kabobs. Good for takeout !! Oh and definitely ask if you have the right number/restaurant when you call. We got confused when the lady who answered the phone only said, "hello" and then the ID number came up on the tv as a "spa" so I guess they offer more than just Indian dishes !! :-/
pretty good
My husband and I got take out from here for the first time.  Y-U-M-M-Y!  This will be our go to place for Indian food from now on!!!  Everything was declicous!!!!   I really wanted Chicken Korma and they only have Lamb Korma on the menu but we asked if they could make it and they said no problem.  Melt in your mouth delicouness with crazy-good flavor!!  My husband had vegetable samosas and alugobi.  He was loving both of his selections and said he would get them both again.  We each got an order of paratha and dipping that in the Korma sauce has left us wanting more!  Thank you, Bay Leaf Cafe!  Please keep up the quality, freshness, and flavor of your food.  You've hooked us!!  :-)
Called the restaurant ahead of time and was pleased to know they are BYO friendly.  This family owned establishment was very welcoming and accommodating. The food was great, and we are in love with the Naan.  Every flavor was devoured and the kids begged for more. The kids stuck to the fairly mainstream items, only cause that's what they like.  Love their sauces and Tikka Masala.  FYI closed Mondays....they day I always crave it.
This place has cheap quality service, products and food. Ordered tandoori chicken that was dry and bad. Worst indian food I have eaten.
Stopped in on a Sunday around 1:15 to get a meal to-go. There was not a single person in the place. We ordered the vegetable pakoras, tandoori chicken, and chicken tikka masala to go. 

We waited ~45 minutes for the food, which felt excessive.  No one in the restaurant, and that kind of a wait for two meals and an appetizer? Really?

The story doesn't end there. We got the food back and started eating. A red bell pepper garnish with the pakoras tasted off and then we came across a green bell pepper with mold on it. How can the rest of the meal be trusted at that point? 

This place missed the mark today and we will not be going back. Be wary of the food quality should you decide to go.
I placed a to-go order and was given a 35 minute wait time.  When we arrived to pick up the food, it was not ready yet, so we had to wait around bringing the total time closer to 45 minutes.

The food was really delicious.  We had Chicken Tikka Masala, Alu Gobi, and Paneer Tikka Masala. The Alu Gobi was great and well-spiced.  I realized that we were never asked for a "spice level" like at some restaurants, and I think I like having the food prepared the way the chef intends.  That might be disagreeable to you if you don't enjoy spicy foods.  The naan was great, as it usually is.  The rice came with our meals, although the amount was a less than what is usually provided with an entree.  I think they might have been trying to avoid making another batch since it was kind of late.

So in recap, the food (most importantly) was very good.  The only complaint would be that the amount of rice was a little skimpy and the extra wait time.  These things are pretty minor to me for the convenience and good food.  I would order from Bay Leaf Cafe again, and I probably will.
This little place outs out some great Indian food!  If you want something totally different, give them a chance!
Oh my goodness! This is a hidden gem! We ordered takeout. 
1: Vegetable samosas: 2 per order. Came with mint and tamarind chutneys. Delicious. Crispy, tender, great seasoning.
2: Chole bhature: my personal fav is always chole, and this is excellent. Came with 2 (not one!) bhature to scoop up all the delicious juiciness.
3: Bay Leaf Chicken Tikka: my husband said that this was the best chicken dish he had eaten all year! (And he's a very particular/picky eater!)
4:Palak Paneer: beautiful emerald green goodness with just enough paneer. 
5: Naan: perfect!
6: Basmati rice: fragrant, fluffy.
7: mango lassi: sweet, tart, ice cold. 

So much food, we have enough left for either another dinner or 3-4 lunches (if I can stay out of the fridge tonight!) everything was perfect spice, nothing mouth-numbing.
Staff was very friendly, takeout was very carefully packed. 
We will definitely be back soon!!!
Our first visit and it won't be the last. Delicious flavor in all the dishes we tried and we are vegan so it was great that they were so accommodating to our needs. Best customer service of any restaurant, we didn't want for a thing.
we were excited about this neighbourhood indian restaurant. The quality unfortunately is dwindling day-by-day.  Food is so fudged it does not taste like indian food anymore.  Keep it authentic and consistent and people will enjoy it.
The food was absolutely terrible. We had a groupon, so got stuck with ordering more than one dish. The cook and the janitor were doubling as the the waiter. The "cook" came out with his apron to take our order. That should have a sign to run to the exit, but we stayed since this was out first time there. We ordered the bay leaf tikka, the mutton biryani and the chicken tikka masala. All were terrible. The rice was under cooked and it looked like they had sprinkled on some of the spices right at the end. The other dishes were over spiced with "heingh" which made it uneatable. We  have tried several places around the valley and this is at the bottom of the pile. Sad to see all the effort to make the place look nice, but the food is less than desirable :-(. Our first and last visit.
it was an unpleasant visit.  food was ready to pick up after 50min.  i got the deal from groupon and the deal said either dine in or to go.  so i called to order to go and the lady who took my order was nice and have not problem when i mentioned i'm going to use my groupon.   but when i went pick up the 'man' who refuse to take groupon and said not for to go.  so i end up paid it without using my groupon.  I was very upset and felt like cheated from the restaurant.  so beaware!!!!
2nd time here and will definitely be back for a 3rd. Ambience is lacking, but the food is wonderful. We had three dishes tonight, a curry, a masala, and a biryani.  All were very good. Naan was just the right addition. Worth a visit.
Family owned and operated business.  The son is such a nice kid!  We always enjoy chatting with them.  The food is amazing.  We love Indian food and are pretty picky about it.  It is fast and pretty reasonably priced.  The food tastes fresh, and the chef is sometimes willing to do special orders for my picky husband.  I personally love the plain naan and the chicken curry.  They have a huge menu though, try everything!
The food here is pretty good.  Smaller portions than your traditional Indian restaurant but then again it is a "cafe".  Its a family owned restaurant with them owning the yogurt shop and salon adjacent to them.  

I prefer spicier food and have found that you have to make it clear you want Indian spicy hot or they wont make it so. The naan is awesome; garlic all the way.  I usually do the chicken tikka masala with the naan.  They offer discounts for Intel and other companies in the area.  However, if you do the yelp deal you cant combine them.
= =  TUESDAY THRU SATURDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = =


Stopped into this lovely little place today for the Lunch Buffet, served up cafeteria style, and I enjoyed the following items:

*  Goat Curry
*  Chicken Tikki Masala
*  Aloo Ghobi
*  Paneer Tikki Masala
*  Spinich Saag
*  Channa Masala
*  Basmati Rice

*  And a side order of Garlic Naan.

Everything was delicious, & provided on a big round sectioned tray by the lovely hosts.  (See photo.)  The food selection varies some each day & it's only $5.99 or $8.94 if you add on a basket of their tasty Garlic Naan.     :-))
Food is very tastey but not intensely seasoned. Just right for my wife. They don't have the expected Indian lunch buffet. Instead their rice bowl is one of the best deals around, 6 generous portions of entrees with the rice. The  Chicken Tikka Masala is our favorite. The dining area is pleasing and the service is always cheerful and accomidating. One of my Chandler favorites.
Came here on Friday night for dinner and had to wait for 30 mins to get even our appetizers! The portions are small and the dishes are not great. We ordered choke bhature where the bhatura was not puffed at all. The kid is really sweet but they need to improve their service and food!
Had been craving Indian Food for a couple weeks. This place did ok with fulfilling my fix. What i enjoyed was the friendly service. It's a Sunday evening and hubby and I found the $10 for $15 deal on yelp and decided to give it a try. We were the only ones in the place so the young lady was able to give us her undivided attention. She explained the dishes i was curious about and actually offered up a couple samples. I absolutely loved the chicken sheesh kabob that she highly recommended. I asked for spicy and it was! It's minced chicken w green chili and Indian spices rolled into a shape of a sausage. Not on a stick. We also tried the Chicken Boti and the Chicken tikka Marsala (we like chicken) those were good just not as spicy as I like it to be. We plan to return to try the lunch buffet.
Freshly prepared food and good Indian  taste. U can pre-order and go there to save time if u want :)
My wife found this place I was not sure of this place but now this is my first choice 

mutton kabab are best in the class
Today for lunch I picked biryani chicken and veg both ! Hats off to the chef 
Will say this is indeed one of the best Biryani I have had I. A long long time
We decided to go here for lunch as it's close to my work. The food itself wasn't anything special. I ordered a chicken roll. The roll took a very long time for them to make & arrive at the table ... Wasn't worth the wait. It had a few pieces of chicken, bell peppers & onions and some really tart sauce in it. I wouldn't order it again.
We decided to go back to this restaurant for lunch. This time we both ordered the lunch bowl. The service was really fast and the food was really good. The rice bowl came with paneer masala, chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, okra, garbanzo beans, & some cauliflower and potato. The paneer & chicken tikka were my favorites but the rest of the choices were good as well. The cost for the plate was $6.55 with tax. Definitely worth it! I'll definitely come back for it.
We had channa bathura and palak paneer here this Thursday evening , the food was really good , very fresh and yummy and the service was great too , food arrived very promptly , it was a good dinner evening
Love this place. The chicken tikka masala is really good and the rice bowl is such a good deal.
In a sea of taco shops the Bay Leaf Cafe is like a lighthouse of dining adventure. This was my first visit to an Indian restaurant and I loved it. Our server Jobi was friendly and helpful and navigated our way through uncharted waters. The vegetable samosas, a pastry wrapped appetizer, was flakey and delicious. Chicken tikka masala is outstanding. Be sure to order naan bread right from the oven to dip up every bit of the rich tomato gravy. Our meal at the Bay Leaf Cafe was a culinary adventure and a dining success! Look forward to our next visit.
Very tasty non-veg dishes. Try their kababs (specially the Chapli & the Afghani Kababs), the Kadhai dishes, the biriyanis & the koftas.
So here's the deal, I'm making this short and sweet because I'm planning a return trip tonight before they close (more on that later).

As for the 5-star rating, it's due to two things, 1) outstanding frozen custard -- the orange creamsicle flavor of the day was outstanding, and we've been enjoying the fudge pecan on a regular basis -- and 2) the customer service is always friendly, and very informative.

As for the return trip, that's due to the discovery that Culver's has veggie patties (apparently there are quite a few vegetarians that work there - FYI the patties are vegetarian, but not vegan), and they allow you to customize your burger as you see fit with various buns.

Anyway, we're headed back for a veggie burger and will let you know what we find. In the interim, give it a try ... apparently there are several Culver's restaurants in the valley but this is the first in our neck of the woods.
There's something just not right. For those Midwesterners very familiar with Culver's, well, I would rate this sub-par. It's still Culver's nonetheless and their fries are pretty much what I'm used to from back home, but I've been disappointed in the Butter Burger's the 2x I had been here. The taste just seems wrong, the patties over-cooked (maybe left under the heat lamp too long) and they got my order wrong both times. Eeek.
Try the Fish Fry

I'm from Milwaukee, WI.  Land of the Friday Night Fish Fry.  My idea of the perfect fish fry is beer battered, potato pancakes w/applesauce, cole slaw and a salted caraway snack rye bread or roll.  

Last Lenten season we tried a new place every Friday looking for anything that came close to what I love in Milwaukee.  No dice.  Chompie's for example had a good potato pancake, but the fish batter wasn't very good, cole slaw was blah and the bread was wrong (and it was like $12/$13, pricey for fish fry).

Last Friday I tried the Fish Fry at Culver's and it was good.  Ok, it didn't have the potato pancakes and the bread was wrong, but the fish and cole slaw was really tasty.  I liked the french frys and would deal with the dinner roll vs. rye bread.

Great value and quality fish fry.  I'm saving my 5 stars for the ultimate, throw down, it's just like home fish fry.

My only complaint about Culver's (besides Pepsi products, yuck) is that they have built this location close enough to my home that my girlish figure will surely suffer.   Haven't  started checking flavor of the day forecasts yet but summer will be here soon enough.
This is the home of the butter burger and frozen custard. Both are fantastic. And for all you malt fans like me (most places only have shakes) they have some of the best here. This place is consistent, service is very friendly. Is it as good as the ones in Wisconsin? Probably not, but for Arizona, this is a great place for a burger.
I'm from Wisco.... glad to finally see a Culvers in Chandler.  Can't go wrong with a Burger and Cheese Curds.  Very clean and the service is excellent.
I have lived in Arizona for 11 years and have heard of Culvers from quite a few friends, all talking about the butter burger and ice cream/frozen custard, so having never been to a Culvers I thought um sounds like a cool little ice cream parlor that I should investigate. 
It's Tuesday night and the kids and I don't feel like cooking and a Culvers just opened up in my area so I told them lets go for burger and shake and they said cool mom!  

Imagine my shock when I walked in to find out that it's a fast food place LOL I don't know why I thought it would be an ice cream parlor. We walked up to the teller and were looking at the menu and placing our order, we were a party of 4 so it took each of us a few minutes to figure out what we want, at this point there was a customer behind us being very rude and loud and complaining about families who go to order but still have to look at the menu board, why can't they just have their order ready. Really lady? lol Some peoples kids I tell ya.

I thought since I am here I am going to try the butterburger cheese, fries and a chocolate shake!  My burger I made a single, I can't eat a double burger, it had cheese, lettuce, pickle and onion, it actually was a great burger, I was surprised. Now when I have a want for In n Out I just might head on over to Culvers. The fries, I like them, they are the crinkled cut fries they were good and the chocolate shake!! Omg soo thick and creamy! DELISH!!

Glad I finally went and checked the place out, the kids, (who are really young adults, age range frm 20 years to 16 years) loved the place too!
Their food is pretty darn good!  Everything I have ordered there has been perfectly made so far.  I've stuck to getting the double cheeseburger combo, and Culver's has been consistent so far.  

The cheese curds are a perfect side.  

People might complain a little about the prices, but I'm pretty sure the prices at Culver's are still cheaper that a place like Carl's Jr.'s.  

My daughters love that the kids meals come with frozen custard.

Culver's customer service is at the top of the food chain.  Go there and find out for yourself.  

I couldn't find a single reason to deduct a point.
Really wanted to like this place, but after three visits we are not fans.

- Location is clean and the employees are nice but not necessarily helpful.
- Burgers are a higher quality for fast food but on the expensive side.
- Fries are super greasy.
- Cheese curds are nasty.
- Custard is not much better than a dairy queen soft serve quality.

Every time we ate here, we felt like crap afterwards. So many better, cheaper fast food options.
Culvers in Casa Grande and Mesa deserve 5 stars but this one in Chandler is barely even 2. I guess I've gotten spoiled with the super friendly service at the other locations and my food always perfect. Today unfortunately I brought friends to this location and it was the WORST experience I have ever had with Culvers. The girls behind the counter and who also deliver the food were unfriendly and almost to the point of rude. The older man was at least a lot friendlier. When one of the girls delivered our food we asked for ranch and mayo for a group of 4 adults and 6 kids, she came back with 2 ranch and 2 mayo's so we asked for more and wow I guess that was the wrong thing to do because she was not happy with that. Well if they had the condiments out where we could get them I would've gladly gotten them myself. And then my friends patty melt bread was burnt (I got the same thing and my bread was not) so I went up to ask for a new burger and the girls all looked at me like "Are you serious??" definitely not Culvers friendly not a problem attitude. I didn't even want to go back up to order our deserts they were so unfriendly. Really disappointed with this location!! I am so embarassed that I brought friends to it. They were not impressed. But I LOVE the Casa Grande and Mesa comes in 2nd for service. Their root beer floats are awesome!!
WOW!! I have NEVER received such excellent customer service!! After learning of my not so pleasant experience at his store, Jason the store owner contacted me right away. He was extremely pleasant and apologized. He offered to send me certificates for my next visit but then I got a phone call from him and he had left a basket on my porch filled with goodies and a lot of gift certificates. We live out in San Tan Valley so it's a good 45 minutes from his store. He drove all the way out here to personally deliver the basket. Unfortunately the sign fell off my door bell that it's out of order so I was not able to meet him in person. But I will be going back to this Chandler location for sure. He is an owner who takes customer service to a whole new level and truly appreciates each and everyone of his customers. He did tell me that this is his lively hood so he takes it very seriously. Wow, he definitely does! He has talked to all of his staff and I believe that day was just one of those off days, perhaps even on my part. Thank you Jason for really caring!

I had to edit because I was so shocked by the owner's customer service that I forgot to mention how great the food is. The food is what got me hooked on Culvers to begin with. All the menu items I've tried have been really good but my favorite is the sour dough melt, it has grilled red onions in the burger patty. The root beer float is the best ever!! The custard is delicous and the mint flavor is perfect. A nice surprise is their lemon ice. The ice is shaved like fresh snow and the lemon flavor is perfect. My daughters love it with strawberry topping. A nice healthier alternative to the custard.
This review is mainly for the ice cream and onion rings since I am a vegetarian. They have very good sundaes  and shakes.  If you decide to get a malt tell them to go easy on the malt powder they tend to do it 50/50 which is way too much for anyone.  The restaurant is new so it's clean and they have a good sized patio to enjoy the AZ weather.  The staff on my visits have always been very  nice and helpfull.  In our group they even made up a free shake for us to try that wasn't on the menu without charge. I had a surrogate tester try the butter burger and he gave it an enthusiastic thumbs up.  So if I ever go back to the dark side I will re-review with a burger addition.

Try:
- carmel/cashew sundae
- Shakes
- Malts ( Go easy on the malt )
- * Butter Burger 

* Surrogate Tester Approved
This is the newest Culver's in the area, and now it's easy to get Culverized at lunchtime as this one is very close to the office.  Tons of unhealthy comfort food here, but if you order judiciously, you can actually eat pretty healthy here.  The desserts are excellent, the seating is cozy for a fast food joint, several giant TV screens on display, and free wifi.  Brak is a Culver's fan.
Went here for lunch because it was near.
I had the red pepper double cheeseburger with bacon and fries and drink combo.
Overpriced.
Thin bacon.
Nice BBQ sauce (asked for a container for the burger).
Crinkle-cut fries I didn't like the taste of.
Pepsi MAX tasted off.
Overpriced. Near 8 bucks.
You can take grandma, nice place, nice people, fast and friendly service. Clean.
Overpriced.
I enjoyed the burger but it went fast.
Strange taste. I guess that was the "butter burger" taste. I'm not used to that.
Overpriced.
Burger King beats this place for flavor.
Overpriced. Do they pay these prices in Wisconsin?
I wasn't very full even after forcing down those fries. 
Maybe your grandma will be.
Great burgers and fries. Love the custard desserts.
I had the butter burger with lard fries choco cholesterol shake.  It was good, fries are weak.  Drive thru green beans are available.  Serious after all that and you think some green beans will unclog my arteries?
WHAT.WHAT. The home of the Butter Burger(named so because the bun is buttered). These Burgers are made to order and will Karate chop your taste buds in the best way possible. The cheese curds will judo flip your buds as well. This place is giving my beloved In-N-Out a serious run for it's money. Would be 5 stars but it is a little pricey around $9 for a meal. But the service is superb (they bring your food out to you and will even pick it up for you and throw your trash away). Soleed man Soleed.
I died and went to heaven! I have not been able to find Wisconsin Cheese curds anywhere near home. The closest place was Wisconsin! Not anymore! I found my that this place is as good as the original. The food is cooked to order, and is absolutely amazing. I had the butter burger, the way I like it, and couldn't have been happier. They really need to get one out here in Las Vegas. Just saying!
First of all.... CHEESE CURDS!!!!! AMAZING! 

second... my experience. I went through the drive through, where they told me to pull forward because they were making my food fresh. I waited 5-7 minutes as expected. when they brought my food out, they apologized about my wait and gave me a free $5 or $6 ice cream container. 

I appreciate the customer service and will return frequently. In tough times, customer service wins business.
I love the cheese curds here!!! But that's about it..

I definitely like the country club location better..

This location:
-clean and seems organized
-burger was flavorless 
-my concrete mixer had wayyy too many pumps of syrup
- staff was rude, unhelpful,  and not attentive ( I walked up to the counter and the girls continued to joke and laugh with each other and did not even pay attention to my order)

I definitely won't be coming back to this location, even though it is 3 mins away!!
Oh the butterburgers and the concretes. Got to love the frozen custard concretes. That you can mix in any two things you want from there list of many. Inside tip: They also have chocolate custard not just vanilla. This I found out after a few visits. I always get chocolate custard with chocolate sauce and Oreo cookies. I think its the best.
The burgers are really good. So are the onion rings and the cheese curds. I have never heard of cheese curds before Culvers. Must be a Wisconsin thing but they are really good. To call them fried cheese balls don't do them justice. Just try them. If you like cheese you will like these.
The service is pretty good. Sure it takes awhile to get your food but that just means they are making it fresh. For that I am willing to wait. Plus they give you your concrete first so you can enjoy that while you pull forward in the drive thru to wait for the rest of your order. They give you a number and then bring out your food right to your car.
It is a little expensive to eat more than once a week but it is well worth it.
I grew up with Culvers in the Midwest so I was happy to find this location nearby in Chandler. While I have always had a pretty good experience here customer service wise even during the lunch rush the food has always been only so so. The burgers lately have been really bland which is not the culvers that I remember from back home. The buffalo chicken fingers are really tasty along with the onion rings but lately leaving Culvers I feel unsatisfied. I will give Culvers another shot but I hope the flavor of the burgers improves a bit. So far it's just meh...
good food!!!
The service at the Chandler location was so awesome! They really made us feel welcome!
Not very good anymore.  The food was too salty, the green beans were so tough, and the potatoes tasted fake.  Disappointed this time.
I saw Culver's was offering a Colby Jack Pub Burger and add their delicious crinkle cut fries to the mix and I was sold.  I'm proud to say they did not disappoint.  I ordered a double patty CJPB.  The onion roll was delicious as were the patties but I was a little disappointed in the cheese.  There didn't seem to be a lot of cheese on it but it still tasted very good and I will order it again.  I'll just order extra cheese I guess.  I had my fries which tasted awesome and I saw that the flavor of the day was Mint Oreo so how can I pass up a concrete mixer?  I have yet to have a bad meal at Culver's.  Would I recommend the Colby Jack Pub Burger?  You bet.  Heck, I may have to order the triple patty.
Had chocolate, pecan and strawberry concrete mixer...delicious!!
Customer service was excellent, food was good. We all had burgers with cheese and fries. All items were hot and very good. My only complain was that everything seemed dirty. The bathrooms needed a good scrub and the floor and tables seemed to have a film of dirt/ grease on them. 
We did enjoy the food and service, we will visit another location near our house next time.
Really good place for lunch or fast food better than your average burger joint! Culvers offer more of a deluxe burger. They are good size and offer many tasty sides the cheese curds are pretty tasty as well. Also, they have seasonal combos for food and concrete mixer which i highly recommend. I mainly go to culvers for their amazing concrete mixers. Their flavor of the day always changes plus you get two free mix ins for the concrete mixers! I am a huge fan of their cheesecake options you can get just about any berry and cheesecake combo! Friendly staff and they usually have coupons available.

try their-
Butter burger/ with or without bacon
Sweet potato fries
Concrete mixers- Ask about their seasonal specialties
I knew nothing about Culvers until the TV commercials.  Then, I had to give 'em a try.
Like the ad says - delicious!
Well-prepared food.  Hot, fresh, delicious.
Began going through the drive through...
OOPS!
CONSISTENTLY,CULVERS GETS THE ORDER WRONG on something in the drive through!!
I've even called and complained and got coupons for two free baskets on my next visit!
To no avail.
It seems, even when they are not busy, they cannot get orders right.
Now, I know this is not Cordon Bleu food preparation, but c'mon!?
Asking for a cheddar butter burger, with lettuce, onion and A-1 sauce ONLY cannot be that difficult.
But, it's always wrong.  Either complete with tomato,mayo, etc.  Or minus the requested A-1 sauce!
Sigh.

Regardless, the frozen custard is always terrific! 
My advice, eat in only.  They bring you the food, and, if it's wrong, fix it.

This place would be damn near perfect if they sold beer!
Just don't drive through if you have any special requests!
Worst chicken strips ever ! I saw the commercial that they have organically raised chicken but their chickens tastes like power and not fresh at all. Horrible !
The food is super good!!! Love the Better Cheddar Burger with bacon and their root beer floats are out of this world!!! The customer service inside or drive thru is always awesome.  Very courteous!!! I was very please when I stopped while I was out Christmas shopping and stopped for a grilled cheese.  I did the basket and then asked for them to add a gift card.  They told me I could get the basket free because I was buying a gift card!!! whoo hoo!!!  LOVE CULVERS!!!!  The prices are reasonable and their concrete mixers are soooo good!!!!!
Tried the chicken tenders and they're as good as it gets. Definitely tasted as good as my friend described them. Fresh with thin breading.
Great place to go if you want your food fast but don't want to feel like you're sitting in a fast food restaurant. The eating area is clean and much classier than your average booth at Burger King. There are large flat screen TVs with SpongeBob for the kids (or, you know, me) and ESPN for disinterested dads (or in my case, my boyfriend).

The burgers are about as good as you get them at Smashburger - but Culver's is a better value, in my opinion. For about $10 at Smashburger you can get fries, a drink, and a regular sized burger. At Culver's, for about the same price you can get a double burger, fries, and a medium concrete mixer. 

So, yes, the burgers are wonderful, and the custard is as heavenly as it sounds. The fries, I'm pretty sure, were brought in from the closest frozen food section. (They didn't taste bad at all, just not like what you would expect at a restaurant.) The service was good; not perfect, but definitely acceptable. 

I will definitely be back, but I still need to try Smashburger's Nutter Butter shake...
I've driven past Culver's a ton of times, and we decided to stop in for dessert after having sushi down the street. The inside is very bright and clean and the cashiers were nice and helpful. I had a mini frozen custard with brownie and fudge which was delightful. I do want to come back and try their butter burgers
I SO wanted to like Culver's. After finishing up an evening meeting we walked over to have dinner. We placed our order quickly and then went to fill our drinks. I know it was just after the rush hour but the drink station was a mess. There was liquid all over the place and straw paper wrappers everywhere. 

The food was just so-so. I had a sour dough burger. The bread was mushy and the burger tasteless. Did not like the cheese curds at all. My husband had the fish and he said it was average. For what it cost, I'd rather go elsewhere.  

One thing I loved, the quotes on the walls were nicely done and inspirational.  Good job here.
This place is special. It has it all. Great service. Excellent burgers and frozen custard. The staff were very friendly. They bring your order to your table. 
The burgers , chicken sandwich, fries and custard  were excellent ...  Culver's Chandler is special.
The Culver's staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The building and facilities are clean and functional with a couple nice decorative touches.

Culver's offers some outstanding food. The shaved prime rib sandwich and Culver's Deluxe burger are both excellent. The side dishes are also a notch above most fast food places.

Half of the reason to come to Culver's is some great dessert. The shake I had on my last visit was above average. However, their Concrete Mixers are extremely delicious and highly recommended.
Please keep the pepper grinder pub burger forever!  Best burger I've ever gotten from a drive thru!  Cheese curds are ok, but onion rings rock!
I've had Freddy's about 3 times now. I did not like their burgers at all. I;ve tried them differently each visit and thought there was nothing remarkable or unique that made it stand out from other burgers. Their custard is pretty good... rich, thicky and creamy but again not mind blowing. Only thing I thought was really good were their fries. These are crispy, well seasoned, shoe string fries and they are great with some of their fry sauce.
I didn't have a good experience here, although my Daughter suggest we try Freddies, cause she had eaten at the Gilbert location and said it was so good. This one by the Chandler Mall had cold fries, and since I was in a hurry I didn't ask for new one's, We also ordered Chicago Style Hotdogs and a Steak burger, well the Chicago Hotdog wasn't Chicago at all, I'm from Southwest MI just across the Lake from Chicago and know that even the Hotdog they used here wasn't the ones they use and the toppings were not authentic either. My malt didn't taste like it had any malt in it. The malt taste like a very chocolatly frosty from Wendys! Oh! I think the bun on the hotdog was to be toasted and buttery but since they used regular pickle relish it soaked the bread and was soggy. My Husband said the steak burger was way too thin to taste. I don't think I'll be back. I will however go and try out their sundae's maybe. They looked pretty good.
Great burgers! Plus they have fry sauce. If you don't like their steak burger there is something not right with you
Ordered the #1. Burger was delicious. Patties are super thin...... never had a patty like this before.....loved it! Shoestring fries were were crispy and well seasoned. Root beer was not mixed properly, but who cares since the food was so damn good! I definately  recommend eating here!
This is my first visit here, passed by several times. It's an OK place, Average burger really.  What sets them apart is the thin grilled burger, but not to my liking.  They do appear to have a lot of interesting ice cream dishes.

This place is a head above Smash Burger which is real greasy.  So maybe give this joint a try if you like thin grilled burgers.
This is the 3rd Freddy's I've visited and this one is just as delectable as the others.  They specialize in thin patty burgers, so of course I always go the double patty route.  Their burger seasoning is exceptional and their fries are second only to the aioli seasoned fries as Smashburger.  Plus they give you quite a few of those tasty,crispy shoestring fries, whereas Smashburger seems to ration out its fries (yeah, I'm talking to you Smashburger on Baseline and Rural!)  

I've also had their Chicago style hot dog (tasty with all the toppings) and their patty melt (again tasty, but not as good as their burgers).  I have not yet had their frozen custard, so I have some homework to do.

The location is clean, new, well lit and the employees are friendly and helpful.  They'll pick up your tray after your done eating.  Better yet, order to go and sneak a delicious burger and fries into a movie at Harkins.  

**Tip**

Don't even try parking in their lot if you are not eating there.  They have a security guard on duty and he shows no mercy and take no prisoners.
Stopped in for lunch. Not too far from my office. The place had a few customers, but was not very crowded.

The burger was ok, the hot dog was good, and the fries were crispy, but thin. Not my thing. Prefer the thicker fries.

All around there are better choices - Five Guys, The Habit, and Smashburger.
Burger has good flavor and like the crispy fries. I think for the price there isn't much better.
I have been to the Freddy's location in Gilbert several times and really enjoyed it so when I saw a Freddy's had opened in my "hood" I was excited.  My daughter and I went over for some dessert and they did not dissappoint!  The custard was smooth and creamy with lots of toppings to choose from.  I have not tried the burgers at this location yet but if they are anything like the other location they will be very tasty.  And don't forget to try the shoestring fries.  I usually like thicker fries but these are nice and crispy and delicious!  I'm so glad Freddy's took over this location.
Freddy's is fanastic!  My first ever Freddy's experience.  Prior to zooming on over to Freddy's I just had a small cup of gelato at Angel Sweet, prior to that I just finished up a great and filling meal at Big Buddha in Surprise RIGHT AFTER eating sooo much food at Surprise Stadium during the A's and Royals spring training game (some sort of bbq sandwich, french fries, ice cream, hot dog, etc.) !  What a great day topped off with some Freddy's.  (Hehe)

On the menu for two:
1.  vanilla custard with gummy worms (We originally wanted a mix-in but the lovely cashier told us that the machine was kind of iffy at swirling the gummy worms so he suggested a cheaper option of just getting it as like a sundae with gummy worms on top.  Helpful worker!)
2.  chocolate custard with almond mix-in
3.  chicago dog
4.  regular hamburger.. I forgot the name.. whooops
5.  patty melt

To be quite honest, for being famous for their custards.. I wasn't really feeling it.  Just tasted like a little more premium soft serve, but whatever.  Just not my style really.  Sweets are one thing, but a good 'ol greasy savory thing of meat is definitely more appealing to me in the first place!  Chicago dog was great.  Burger was great.  Patty melt, also great.  

I think I first found Freddy's online at the mall's website.  Freddy's is actually not inside the mall, but just right on the outside of it next to the movie theatre in a stand-alone building.  Clean looking facilities.  Great service!  Shout out to our great cashier for looking out for customer's wallets.  

Oh and also, they have one order pick-up for the desserty custards and a separate one for the hot food!  Definitely would want more Freddy's if it were available to me!
The chocolate custard gets 5 stars. It's what keeps me coming back. And how awesome is that little "mini" size so I don't get crazy and eat a HUGE Chocolate Malt (which I can, but don't want to!). Lots of malt, rich chocolate flavor--YUM-ME!!!

As for their burgers, just okay for me. They're the flattened out, cube-steak style, which is Meh but I do love the big pickle and onion slices. 3 stars.

Shoestring fries are also not my thing so I'll pass on those next time and try the onion rings. Maybe a Patty Melt is in my near future...'cause I know I'm going back for that chocolate custard!
My apologies to FUDDRUCKERS! My wife and I were headed there when we saw this place and decided to try it. Here is what we think--worst food ever. STEAKburger is wafer thin and dripping with icky stuff onto our napkin. French fries were bad and I stuck one into the straw I had--it fit with no problem. We wonder how long it will be before this loser goes broke.
FUDDRUCKERS, WE WILL SEE YOU SOON!

BOB STEPHENS
I've eaten here a few more times since the review and their burgers and shoestring fries are some of the best (and cheapest) around.  Their Freddy Sauce is a newfound joy to my tastebuds.....now if they only served beer!
Burgers and frozen custard are staples. The hot dogs are top notch!
Goof enough hot dog and interesting burger. The hot dog consist of pickels, chiili, and onion. The burger meat itself is not a patty but rather ground meat fused together. The fries are thin but better tasting than most fast food. Well if you had to chose between fast food and this...pick Freddy's.
My family and I really enjoyed Freddy's.
Freddy's has some of the best frozen custard in the valley. Their custard is rich and creamy. They also have very good burgers. Don't care for the shoe string fries though.

This location is a good one to go to. I ordered a sundae and it was a good portion size along with good amount of nuts on top. 

Don't go to the location on Gilbert and Williams Field - I ordered the same sundae at this location and they really shorted me. My ice cream cup was not full and they only gave me 5 or 6 nuts literally. 

I would recommend this location.
Ever eat at a Steak 'n Shake?  That's what Freddy's is: a Steak 'N Shake kind of burger and it's delicious! 

I liked the fries too: very thin, perfectly hot, not too much salt.

Nice people, the manager made it a point to get me my meal hot-off-the-grill, even though I came ahead of the "call" and again he met me while he was cleaning tables.  {See my review of "The Habit": their manager never greets customers, can't solve problems from behind a door, always hiding in his office.}  Freddy's Manager was OUTFRONT, ALL THE TIME, WORKING HARD!  

Great burger.  Next time I'll get the frozen custard.  I was too full from my triple cheese, CALIFORNIA STYLE-BABY!
My all time favorite Fast Food Hamburger is Steak & Shake - none in Arizona.

Freddie's is close! With that wonderful crust like coating on the Burger, which I have had in several iterations. My favorite "Test" of a fast food burger is how it holds up with only two simple additions - pickles and mustard. Only two until now can withstand this test and still deliver taste - Steak and Shake and Fuddruckers. Now Freddie's has become my favorite Arizona Fast Food Hamburger.

Want to go for the gusto? Try the Triple. More taste than one can handle!

Oh, the French Fries are absolutely terrific, if you like the really skinny kind, which I do.

Have tried the Chicago Hot Dog - nothing special.

The Custard? It is indeed richer and creamier than regular Ice Cream, but I seldom have room for it. 

Taste, Taste, Taste! WONDERFUL!

Nice friendly employees as well and every time (several by now) I have been, a Manager comes to ask if everything is to our satisfaction, in a very clean and nice environment.
Great burgers the way they should be made onions pickles mustard cheese.  Fry sauce, fry salt outstanding.  Custard is creamy and outstanding.  Crushed ice in the soda machine.
The burgers and fries here are pretty good, but the custard sundaes and concret mixers are amazing. The PBC & B i will go back for over and over again as well as try the other items. Great place.
This is a great place for lunch or dessert.

Thier hotdogs are really good, served in split top buns (which are the best IMO). Along w/ their shoestring fries, its a great combo. I still havent tried their burgers, but my husband really likes them. 

Their custard is really good as well. And for those who are wary of trying it because its called "custard", relax its just ice cream. Its a little bit thicker and richer than traditional soft serve, but it is go-od. They also have a variety of toppings to choose from, so trust me youll never know the difference.
They have veggie burger!!! Although the textures kinda dry, but I would like to go back to this place for 'no-meat' burger!
The french fries was great!!!
We decided to give this place a try last night since they opened almost a year ago and we hadn't been in. Plus we just wanted a fast cheap meal without having to cook and without having to eat at McDonald's or Wendy's. Upon entering we were asked if this was our first time and had the whole menu explained to us. The burgers are cooked very thin on purpose and they offer shoe string fries or onion rings to go with them. They also have hot dogs and chicken choices. We both ordered a burger, fries, and a drink. Prices aren't bad, they're about average. We had a 25% off coupon so it was just over $10. After you order they offer you some fry sauce and have a special seasoning blend you can sprinkle onto your food. Everything was great! The burgers were very tasty as are the fries. Actually we both really loved the fries! They do offer frozen custard with lots of toppings to choose from. We didn't get any. We're the kind of people that are always blown away by prices for ice cream at eateries and would rather just buy it at the grocery store. Anyhow, we'll definitely be back. It's a nice change from the usually fast food joints.
Absolutely horrid. 
Uber thin burger that tastes like liver with plastic cheese topping.

French fries were ok, but small on portion.
Decent food and wait times but I really live Freddys for their French fries and sauce.
Very nice customer service, food is not bad. I personally like bigger cut fries.
The burgers are too thin and too boring to be so expensive. Don't really want my meat to crunch either. I gave it two chances but now I'm out.
My family and I are regulars at Freddy's.  The managers know me as the celery salt gal because I love in on their french fries and everything else for that matter.   They have treated my family and I very well.  The customer service is above and beyond any fast food place I have ever seen.   Although we only make it in a couple times of month the know my order.   I love the number 4.   Their chilli cheese dogs are great and the even toast the bun.  I always take the burger home and eat the next day.   When it comes to custard you can not go wrong with the Hawaiian delight.  Just a tip get it with pecans and butterscotch sauce.  It is amazing.
Better than average burger.  I had the green chile cheeseburger combo.  I did like the crispiness to the burger.  The were a bit on the greasy side, but had good taste.  The fries are so small but have good flavor.  Not the best fast food burger but definitely ahead of most of them.
Very professional, kind and passionate staff. The burgers however are just not my taste. Thin, well done and free of any juices.
Let me start off by saying EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE!! Yes this is a fast food joint, but you would never know it, every single one of the employees is extremely polite and helpful.  I even heard a few thank yous! I love excellent customer service!

I took my oldest daughter out for a mom daughter night out on the town, and she picked Freddy's for dinner, now I have never been here but was up for trying something new and pretty proud of her for picking some place she hasn't been before, she is the pickiest eater out of all my kids. So I went willingly and with a smile.

From the menu you can tell they have a lot of frozen custard desserts to choose from, I not liking ice cream/froze custard did with out but my daughter did try the Hawaiian delight, which did look appealing. She loved it.


For the burger I went with the double steakburger California style, its 2 patties, Freddy's sauce, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes side of fries and a drink.   Never had a steakburger before so I was unsure what I was getting into, the texture is different than a regural burger, and more on fried side then I like , the bun was fresh and held it  together. This burger was a messy but good burger. Maybe could have been hit with more sauce.   Well the fries, I didn't care for them, but its because I am not a fan of shoestring fries.  What are those? How can they even be called fries?  Personally my favorite fries are the steak fries, I like knowing I am eating a potato damnit! Shoestring is just a waste of time for me haha. But if your into them, then you will love them, they were perfectly cooked, not too fried not to soft.  

Over all, I liked it, I don't think I would get the fries again, but I wouldn't mind trying another burger.
Let me just say, as a Midwesterner I've really missed Steak N' Shake. This is my shining salvation. The customer service was amazing! It was quick and easy on my wallet. The shake I got very nearly compared to the ones back in my home town. I've only got one complaint though. My fry's were super salty. If I'd been a slug I would've died. Other than that amazing food!
By now we've visited Freddys at least a dozen times or more. The staff is always friendly, the environment is always clean and upbeat, and the food is always consistently good. Fyi, we're pretty addicted to their fries, not sure why but they're so damn good. Maybe the seasoning is laced with crack, I don't know but they're awesome!
The place was ok. Wasn't too sure about the burgers since it seemed like it was really thin and over fried. The taste is unique so I guess it is a good thing if you are into that. I prefer thicker patties.

A little pricey... not as good as In N Out in my opinion. And for the price, also not as good as Steak N Shake (which comes with fries with your order) for the same price.
My new favorite place.. I have been waiting for a chili burger like in LA.  Must get the chili added to anything.   Shoestring fries are awesome... I prefer the original over the California burger. The bun is great.  Place is clean and customer service is excellent.  I will be back.
I came here yesterday for the first time and thought, wow Culver's has merged with Portillo's. Then my food came and realized it was more like a takeoff of Steak 'n Shake.

The atmosphere at Freddy's is very much like a cross between Johnny Rockets (lots of shinny nickel) and Steak 'n Shake. Actually when I think of it, Steak 'n Shake is more like Johnny Rockets, LOL. 

I believe my friends Kay and Monica are both right; with reality for me somewhere between their two reviews.  Granted I only had a Chicago Dog ($3.39), a Chili Dog ($3.59), a medium drink ($1.79) but the tab was a bit pricey at $9.48. 

Because the tube steaks are Vienna Beef, their taste is very good. The Chili dog was tasty, but I'll skip their Chicago interpretation next time. It comes on a Nedick's (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nedick's) like toasted slice bread bun, where the dog is trying to escape the toppings (see photos) 

The hot dogs also appear to be only #10s (10 to the pound), so I'll go with the burgers next time. If Freddy's was only a hot dog place, I probably would skip it in the future. But I enjoyed myself and want to try those steakburgers. Again, think Steak 'n Shake but without the Five-Way Chili

So Three Stars "A-Okay and I'll give Freddy's another try in a few weeks.
So...I've been just sitting here...reading the reviews. And the 1star reviews? Gotta be kidding!  I think there was one comparing Freddy's to Fuddruckers. No comparison. Quality versus quantity. I'll go quality every time. 

I'm originally from St. Louis. The reviews comparing Freddy's to Steak 'n Shake are right on. It's that same burger that I used to watch being cooked (as a kid in the 60's.)  

But the really cool surprise was the frozen custard. Oh my gosh!  Again, the St. Louis tradition was Ted Drewes frozen custard. I used to wait in this  super huge long line to be served. They owned the market. And I've never had anything even close... Until now. Freddy's nailed that one too!!

Yeah... An easy 5 star review. (Wish I could give 6 stars as a bonus for the super friendly staff)
For a fast food hamburger joint, I really like Freddy's.  It tastes and feels different than your normal McDonalds and Burger King. The hamburgers are really good but be warned the patty itself is super skinny.  Also, they have the skinny french fries which I prefer over the fat ones!   If you have room after your meal, try the frozen custard.  I usually have a mix of chocolate and vanilla, bet they have many options to suit your taste.

This restaurant (fast food) reminds me of a place from back east called Friendlys..not sure if they are still around.
First time here, only went through drive through. I only had the hot dog but I was thoroughly impressed. Perhaps the best hot dog I have had in quite a while.
Good all around place for pleasure (bad) eating. You got your burgers, fries and then custard all in one spot.

Burgers are tasty and have the nice flattop type char. Meat is super thin so you gotta do a double at minimum and the triple is really just about a normal double. But the flavor of the burgers are very good with the normal pickle/onion (grilled or fresh) lettuce and tomato toppings (depending on which type of burger you choose).

Fries are the skinny shoestring type fries which are actually really good and crispy. They are also great as chili fries as well. They have a nice seasoned salt you can put on them which adds extra flavor. They also have fry sauce (mayo/ketchup kinda deal) which is good.

Then come the custard which is really good. Chocolate or vanilla in all the variety you want: cones, sundaes, concretes etc. The turtle sundae is awesome.

Fast food type joint kinda fashioned in the old diner style.
Yum!!! Burger's a little wimpy, so I'd get 2 patties next time. Turtle sundae is to die for!!
Great food great price, helpful staff, even the manager keeps the place clean. If you eat here, try the fry sauce with the fries instead of ketchup.
Craig and the team have a clean, friendly environment and were outstanding at explaining an educating us on our first visit. I had the double original, great burger great fries... Highly reccomended.
Cherry Berries is a small little place tucked in next to the 7-11 at the Northeast corner of Sahara and Eastern on the East side of Las Vegas. I noticed their sign for smoothies while at the 7-11 and since it was so hot outside I decided to check them out. 

Inside the place is clean, yet kinda cozy with about 6 small tables, but there's just something about the place that I liked. They offer a lot of panini's which made me think I need to try them for lunch...and I will but today it was all about the smoothies. I had quite a few choices available so I picked something and I ended up with a handmade smoothie that was made by hand and made fast, and oh man, did it hit the spot. It was perfect. 

I want to go back and try the paninis for lunch but this place got my attention on just the smoothies. 4 Stars? Absolutely. Service with a smile wins me over every time, but when the smoothie tastes as good as this one, yeah, I'll be back. 

Note: Parking can be very, VERY tight here. But it's worth the hassle.
While Cherry Berries makes great desserts and smoothies, I'm on the lookout for new lunch options. Yesterday was a madhouse for me and I needed a quick lunch so I decided to give their Paninis a try. Parking in front was not even possible, the traffic to the 7-11 had cars 3 deep backed out onto Eastern trying to get in. I ended up parking around back, having to pass by the stinky trash cans and a homeless man to go in. 

I ended up ordering a Chicken Pesto panini: Chicken breast, muenster cheese, pesto sauce, mayo, tomato, balsamic onion, and lettuce. I also bought the meal deal with chips but upgraded to an "All Berry" smoothie for the drink, it came out to about $10. 

The smoothie came out first, but the panini seemed to take forever. I did have a hectic day yesterday so my sense of space and time may have been distorted but I started getting antsy that I was going to run out of time for lunch. When I got the panini it wasn't pretty like Panera Bread does theirs, but appearance is secondary, taste is everything. And the panini tasted... well it wasn't bad, but with pesto sauce and balsamic onions in it I just expected a little more zip, something to wake my mouth up a bit. This panini didn't have that. It was just good, but not great. 

So will I go back? For smoothies, absolutely. For paninis? I'll add it to my list as an option but my first impression was ho-hum. But they do have an extensive list of paninis and the staff always provides service with a smile so I'll give them another try.
Love Love Love this place!!! There is nothing like it in Vegas.  Their panini sandwiches are so fresh and are huge.  A great deal for the price. They have a variety to choose from, you can't go wrong with any option but I always order  a side of jalapenos. Their smoothies and salads are excellent as well. I can never pass up one of their strawberry oatmeal smoothies; a perfect option for breakfast.
A 3.5 star, the ice cream portions are nice and big. The juices are great. The snow-cones are too sweet.
Absolutely Love this place.  My coworker and I come here once a week for lunch.  We order ahead because it does take some time for the staff to make our food, but it is still soo worth it!!!  I also come here with my husband often.  I have been going here pretty much since they opened.  I love the chicken pesto panini, and the vegetarian panini.  Their juices are great.
There are so many things on this menu and if you are Mexican/Latin, you will want everything! It's overwhelming.

Smoothies: "All Berries"  delicious and so is the "Strawberry Bannana."  The taste is natural and healthy.The Mango Banana is also delicious! Honestly don't think you can go wrong with any of their smoothies. 

Chicken Buffalo Panini....so toasty and cheesy! This is by far my favorite! All of their sandwiches are amazing but this one is particular is a MUST. It's got a little kick of spice, the chicken is nice and tender and the balsamic not too strong-PERFECFT! I came here with coworkers about a year ago and they all were beyond satisfied with their food and this second time of me coming, nothing has changed. 

I'm totally in for finding new places to eat that are family owned and operated. This place is not the most appealing from the outside but it's an amazing pick! The owners are very friendly and willing to help you answer any questions. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. If ever driving down or near Sahara and Eastern, give this place a shot, you will not be disappointed!
Cherry Berries is a cute little cafe!  I grew up on this side of town and remember that nothing cute or new ever moved in except for taco shop after taco shop.  Now I love a good taco, but I don't want tacos every day.  A girl needs some variety in her food options!  I am happy this side of town is finally getting some new business love!

I actually noticed the sign for Cherry Berries as I was driving past to run some errands with my mom, who still lives over here.  I hadn't heard about it, but I am always on the look out for new places.  I stopped on my way back to pop inside and check it out.  We had eaten earlier, so we were more interested in desserts this time around.  I did check out the food menu while waiting for our order though, and a lot of things looked like they would be tasty for a lunch meal.

We both got smoothies this time.  My mom had the pia colada and I had the orange vanilla one.  The pia colada tasted like the ones you get in Mazatlan while you are sitting on the beach relaxing.  It was very refreshing and tropical.  The orange vanilla one tasted exactly like it's name.  I really liked the huge amount of oranges that went into the smoothie though.  My kid is not into eating but will never turn down a ice cream.  I ordered this one because I knew it would be close to ice cream and I could get her to drink some.  It definitely worked because she drank more than half before I got it back.  So yeah for sneaking some fruit into her diet!  Sneaky, but it works!

They also have a decent selection of Dryer's ice cream for sale for when you aren't trying to trick your kid into eating something healthy.  The servings are big and the prices are low.  Yummy and a good deal!

The staff was friendly too, which is always nice.  The service is slow though.  I only ordered 2 smoothies but it took 10 minutes to get them and I was the only one in there.  They tasted great and you could tell they were made after I ordered them, but keep it in mind if you are in a rush.  

I would definitely come back to try out their food for lunch, if I was in the area.  I know if  I lived closer to this place, I would be here pretty regularly.  Go check it out if you are near Sahara/Eastern.
I was introduced to this cute little cafe by my coworker who would always order this amazing Greek salad from them. I finally stopped by and ordered their panini sandwich I believe in which it was the chicken bacon ranch. It is so fantastic looking and definitely yummy for about $7 for the full sandwich. Not bad, but I do think for it's size a nice can of soda could go well with it as a combo.

They always have their lunch specials displayed and their employees are always super nice. I've been wanting to try their raspados however they are kind of costly for a drink I would get in L.A. for about a $1.00 

Great for a quick lunch or quick lunch date. Community is kind of ghetto and plaza is located in a super small and confusing parking lot. 
They have panini's salads and great smoothies. Try the strawberry banana kiwi smoothie you will thank me later.
Place was hard to find, but the food was really good. I got the pepperoni-carne asada panini and was quite pleased.
I totally enjoyed this place. Not the best area,but as always, looks can be deceiving. Ordered a snow cone, smoothie, and a fresh juice. My juice was on point. Pineapple, oranges, and strawberries. Delicious. Only snafu was when the guy at the counter forgot I had ordered it. So I waited, and waited, and waited. When I mentioned it he totally owned up, apologized profusely and even offered a freebie scoop of ice cream for his mistake. I love it when people take responsibility for their errors and move on. This kid blew me away. I also loved this fresh juice and will definitely be returning when in the area. Always glad to support small businesses.
The positive was finding a very clean, very friendly place in this area of town, with somewhat healthier offerings. I say somewhat, because the smoothies tasted sugared up, and I prefer simple fruit in my smoothie, not a Slurpee. Also had a veggie panini and it was good. Another negative (besides the sugar in the smoothies) was that the chip options were totally 80's junk. No baked chips or healthy option or trendy brand, like "Food Should Taste Good", or even just Sun Chips. I passed on having any Lay's or Cheetos, even though they came with the meal. My mom really liked the panini, though. The juices were good, and didn't taste like anything was added. Loved the sweet gal at the counter; nice people. You really get a lot for the corner of Sahara and Eastern, next to a 7-11!
I accidentally found this little hidden jewel! I have passed by here a MILLION times and never once noticed it. I was craving for and on the hunt for a chamango. This place has chamangos and MORE. 

Its super clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I only ordered a chamango but the food there looked oh-so yummy. They have a variety of food including carne asada fries, soup, and paninis. 

My chamango was made perfectly! There's nothing more than I can say...except I will be going her ALL the time. So happy I found this spot!!!!
I love their Bubble tea.. but lately 3 time now ive gone in and no Bubble ready.. im really sick of this happening.. i really want the bubble tea... REALLY I DOO... WTH???
The custard is incredibly addictive and creamy, just right on the sugar.
I love the vanilla custard, thankfully is across town from where I live, otherwise I would be there every day.
They will definitely be giving Luv-Its a run for their money.  The service was super-friendly and I love the set up.  I went for the frozen custard and they had chocolate, vanilla and strawberry.  BUT...they had a long list of flavors they could blend with the vanilla (not like mix-ins, they have those, too).  So, I opted for the rum flavored frozen custard with a caramel sauce mix-in and sea salt.  It wasn't even on their list of multiple chunky choices (oreos, butterfinger, cherries, pb cup, etc.), but when I asked if any of their toppings were salted (I was hoping for salted nuts), this was their suggestion and it was delicious!  The custard had a great, super-rich mouthfeel and the "regular" size I chose was quite generous.  
I can't wait to go back and try some of the other combos.
You get this kid'ish nostalgia walking in. A sugar rush excitement inhaling the smell of cotton candy upon walking in. 

What's "Gelalti"!!???! 
A cup of your choice of custard(vanilla or chocolate) at the bottom layer, middle layer-your choice of italian ice, and top layer- custard. So it's full circle in flavor egg-based creamy goodyness.

The young lady behind the counter was so enthused to explain the process. Go girl!

I ordered the Gelati with vanilla custard and mango. It tasted perfect. Only thing for me is that I'm a light desserter. I can't really eat more than 6 ounces of sweetness and their only offerings are regular or large. Their regular was about 12 ounces. Perfect for a hearty sweet appetite, but i couldn't finish. So I do recommend sharing with someone if you're like me.

I like the cleanliness and space...

I wanna say this place is worth a try. I would only give it 5 stars if they went more exotic Italian ice flavors.
The flavors are not true to the names. The Watermelon flavor tasted like liquid Amoxicillin. Also the customer service was not up to par. They were extremely inattentive, I was left at the counter for about 15 minutes without so much as a look and the woman behind me was overcharged. There was a very nice girl working who apologized for the inconvenience and an extremely rude girl who managed to ruin the entire experience for me and my family.
Wow,  what a delicious surprise! Never had Italian ice with custard before, but lots of friends were telling me I just had to try CJ's.  
They were right, it really hit the spot.  A nice refreshing change from all the frozen yogurt spots I've been hitting up. 

I'll be back soon to experiment with some new flavors, and cool off during the hot summer.
My wife and I have been here 3 or 4 times over the past month. The chocolate custard is the best I ever had. The Mrs. loves the custard and Ice combo. Vanilla with Tangerine ice is her favorite. The people there from John the owner to all the girls behind the counter are very nice and accommodating. The prices are very reasonable and they have a punch card. Buy 5 and get one free. We will continue going back and you should come and see what your missing.
How does this place have good reviews??? Yuck!! This isnt custard. I don't know how people think this is good custard. Me and the 5 people I went here with took a few bites and thew it out! It leaves a waxy taste in your mouth. Also, the place was very dirty...a big turn off.....this place has got to close in a matter of time.
What an awesome place!!  I went to CJ's with my girl and we were blown away by how great the combo of Custard and Italian Ice is!  I also grew up in Philly and this Italian Ice was the best that I've had and mixed in and turned into a Gelati was even better!  The customer service was awesome, John the owner was very attentive and sat and chatted with us for a bit until more customers came in then he went to serve them.  GREAT local business to support, great product and great customer service!!  This is our place now for sweet goodness at a very reasonable price, especially during the sweltering summers!

Great job!!
Alas, I was filled to the brim after our meal at Bee Gee's, and wasn't really in the mood for dessert. For shame, I know. So I let my fella choose the order, since he'd be eating most of it. If I had it my way, I would have sampled the gelati, but we ended up with some vanilla custard with heath bar topping in a waffle cone. It was free topping Friday, after all. 

I don't typically choose vanilla as my flavor du jour, but I did enjoy the texture quite a bit. My fella sampled the blue raspberry Italian ice and said he enjoyed it quite a bit but wasn't in the mood for it on this particular occasion. I'm definitely interested to come back again really soon to try out some of their Italian ices after seeing all the rave reviews. I'm leaning toward chocolate or lemon, so I'll keep you all posted!
Perfect for hot summer nights. Great selection so everyone was happy from the kiddo to those young at heart. We had banana italian ice, strawberry and vanilla custard gelati and concrete with vanilla and pb cups. The concrete was really fantastic, better than other custard shops in town. The gelati was the best I've had since Frozen Aces closed years ago.
I have never tried a gelati, but it was a wonderful experience thanks to the friendly staff and prices.

I had banana italian ice and chocolate frozen custard. The frozen custard was something I've never had before, I guess it's like eating really thick pudding? A regular for $3 is great, because the serving is too much for me to finish I would be more than happy to pay less for a smaller size!

What I loved was that when I entered I was greeted with a smile. I mentioned it's my first time entering the place, and I'm not usually the type to ask for samples but our server gave me on anyways to confirm that I would be happy with my order. I'm very happy with the staff!
It's 9 PM and it's 92 degrees out and I'm on my way home from a show.  What to do?  Well, a left turn off Spring Mountain Road and then a quick right into CJ's lot and I had solved the problem of cooling off.  I had read the Yelp reviews and I decided to give the place a try.  So many choices.

I found out that all the flavors of custard are made by flavoring vanilla custard with what you choose.  I opted for black raspberry.  It turned out that was one of the flavors "on tap" last night.  I went with that.  She asked me if I wanted any toppings.  I asked if they had any fruit.  She checked the cooler and showed me a container of fresh black raspberries.  That was fine with me so she added several raspberries to finish off the delight.

I sat inside although it would have been pleasant outside.  I just didn't want to spend time listening to some overly active and loud children while I enjoyed my custard.

The custard was great!  Now that I know how the gelati, concrete, and custards are made, I'll be stopping in again.  What a great place to stop when I'm coming back from a play in Chinatown.
Ducked in here for a little cooling off. Glad she gave me a few tasters before I jumped in with the Yelp deal. Wow this stuff is so sweet! And I mean waaaay too sweet. The Italian ice is like frozen sugar water with serious amounts of chemical food coloring. This is nothing like the real Italian ice you can get back east, from an Italian deli. Figures... Vegas....  I left with nada. CJ's - chemicals and sugar - definitely a no-go for me.
We can agree to disagree, but as far as frozen custard goes in Vegas, Luv-It is still custard king(since 1973)...not Nielsen's, not Mr.D's(and Sheridan's before that), and most definitely not CJ's.

Customer service was pretty lacking, no service with a smile, and the girl who helped me behind the counter was VERY enthusiastic about selling CJ's to me...I'm kidding!
You could actually hear a pin drop, thats how quiet it was as she waited for me with a blank stare to place my order. I just ordered a vanilla custard with heath toffee bits-pretty plane jane...

Just drive to the corner and get yourself some Thrifty's Ice Cream...better service too..ALOHA!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(300/365) "Service Without a Smile...:("
I won't even pretend to know the first thing about Italian ice. I don't really know much about custard, to be honest. All I know is this place has some tasty products that are perfect for cooling off during a hundred degree day.

If you're not familiar with their offerings, it might take you a minute to figure out what to get. Here's the lowdown...

They've got plenty of flavors of Italian ice in three sizes (small, regular, large). My kid got a chocolate Italian ice that had a lighter and more "icey" texture than sorbet. The small size was plenty for him. He barely made a dent in it and took the rest home.

They have chocolate and vanilla custard and you can add different flavors to them for $0.65. The pia colada flavor is excellent.

Also available are Concretes -- vanilla or chocolate custard with items that you can mix-in. I opted for the vanilla and cheesecake bits. A regular size was $4.25. They mix it similar to a Blizzard at DQ to make a smooth and creamy product.

Their final option is a gelati. You select your size (regular or large), an ice flavor, and vanilla or chocolate custard to create a layered cup of deliciousness.

The service was friendly and informative. They were glad to answer any questions and explain the menu. No doubt it's a family friendly place that I'm sure to visit plenty of times this summer.
Ok so I went here on the direction of another yelper Wonder W....... Was her name. Based on my hate for another Italian ice place in town. She recommended this place. I have to say WOW great flavor, great verity, lots of seating inside and out. Unbelievable price value. The Italian ice is not icy and watery it's smooth almost like a sherbet but without the milk..... Except for the mint chocolate chip which has some custard in it and is flipping amazing. The owner deserves 5 stars for effort. His product is great, however I think his cherry is too sweet. I tasted just about every flavor due to his staff stuffing me with samples. I might not have bought a thing they fed me so much, till I noticed his take home pre made quarts. I grabbed 2 and received a punch card which I always lose and kind of hate that places do. But understand why they do it. Threw them in my freezer and forgot about them till about 2 hours ago. Well I opened one up, they call it Margarita, I loved it however I think it should be called lime. Anyway I opened it up and used an ice cream scoop to get it out............AMAZING. Scooped like soft serve great job CJs as for the custard. That's next time.
Sporting no known colours found in the natural world, I would pass on this place.(1)

We walked into this place and it was virtually empty. We took a look around and saw what their product consisted of and I didn't want to really order anything. Seriously - neon coloured ices - is this for real?

I tried some of the gelati flavours that were begrudgingly offered  by the girl behind the counter. Automatically, I knew that the flavours came from a flavour lab somewhere because it certainly did not taste at all like anything that came from an actual fruit. Hell, the colours don't even look like something that came from anything known to man. Neon blue raspberry... what the f&^k is this? Ugh!

So my hubby gave me a look and asked me what we wanted to do. I shrugged. He basically ordered the strawberry concrete and we were on the way. 

FYI - I am an ice cream hound and will pretty much eat any kind of crap ice cream out there. Even the old dixie cups hold their own allure for me which I must confess is a guilty pleasure.

But I couldn't have more than 1 bite of the custard because of how artificially sickeningly weird it tasted. It got way worse because as it was melting, it morphed  into this pale pink foamy stuff that resembled a cold runny marshmallow-y concoction which was obviously nothing dairy in origin. Hell, don't know what it was made of but it sure has hell ain't natural!

My husband ate a little more but threw the rest when we filled up on gas at Costco. All he could say was "live and learn."

I would pass on this place - it's not good... not good at all.
The place is neat & clean and the service is fine. I think the location is good and I commend the owner on completing the difficult task of opening your own business. 
The product was not my favorite as it was very very sweet. I ordered a watermelon ice and was disappointed that unlike other Italian ice chains, this product contained no real fruit. 
I spoke with the owner for several minutes. He is young and has some things to learn about business. Instead of hyping up his products, he proceeded to bash an alternate Italian ice company that just opened in Henderson. How silly. Someone in Henderson isn't competition to this place. That's so far away. He even arranged for some poor yelp reviews under silly aliases. It did not make sense. Italian ice is a product that's new to our valley. Anyone selling this delicious frozen treat shouldn't be bad mouthing other pioneers of a similar product line. He should spend more time building up his own new business and less time worrying about a business 20 or so mules away.
I can't imagine anything better.....The Cherry Ice is AMAZING! I stop by at least once a week and could care less about the health of an Italian Ice...it's a treat. Love Love Love!!!!
For all you people who need to learn what ice cream is and what custard is.              Ice cream -- By United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) standards, a food labeled "ice cream" should have at least 20 percent milk solids and 10 percent milk fat by weight. Premium brands are fattier, typically 14 to 18 percent. Both milk and cream are used. Sweeteners account for another 15 percent or so.
Frozen custard -- A touch of egg yolk is what distinguishes frozen custard from commercial ice cream. Legally, custard only has to contain 1.4 percent egg yolk by weight, but some brands have more. The lecithin in the yolk is a natural emulsifier, imparting a richer, creamier texture.                                                                                   In closing one should know what they are eating. Ice cream is always great. Custard is always awesome. But they are both very different. The owner of CJ's owns a custard shop. It is ........ A little more sophisticated then ice cream and a little harded to appreciate if you never had it before. I read some reviews and it seems people think the Italian ice is gelati....,., it's not it's Italian ice. The ice cream substance is not gelati either it's custard. It becomes a gelati when the 2 are put together. Please enjoy your desserts responsibly people.
I returned last night with my Yelp Deals in hand and finally tried the Italian Ice. I sampled pistachio and chocolate and ultimately went with lemon. My fella and mom got pistachio and chocolate gelatis respectively. Definitely a fan, I'll be back for watermelon next time!
We've been here 3 times and enjoyed every visit , I've had the lemon , cherry , watermelon and cantaloupe flavored ice's. The  first couple times I just had the small ice's . Lemon was, well lemony and sweet not very tart ,but I don't really like tart so this worked for me. The cherry was also good ,but lemon win's for me.
         
               The 3rd time I went I figured out what a gelati is and oh boy ,winner! 
    The gelati is Italian ice and custard in one bowl , genius !! Not me ,but the person who invented gelati . I had the watermelon and cantaloupe ice w/ vanilla custard . The cantaloupe flavor was strong ,the watermelon was not as good ,but I'm a freak for watermelon so I enjoyed it. 
     It's been open for a few month's  and I just kept on driving by thinking it was some type of snow cone,  Duh! So past few weeks wife and I have been playing catch up and enjoying every spoonful !
The Italian ice and custards are delicious. My favorite is the custards simply because it taste like heaven in a cup. Just imagine the custards being like ice cream and served the same way if you were to get it out of the ice cream machine. However, instead of having the soft consistency of ice cream, the custards will be slightly thicker and richer. The custards here are extremely creamy with an aftertaste of the eggs they use to make it.. add the various flavorings and you have buttery goodness of all sorts (best way to describe it is like eating chilled butter in a cup.. that's how deliciously rich it is) 

Everyone has a favorite flavor so I'm not going to go into details on how each specific one taste. CJ's has over 30 different flavors and combinations you can mix and match from but I find that the standard vanilla and chocolate taste the best. You can watch them make it when you order and you'll notice that they actually use the vanilla custard as a base to add flavorings and mix to get your desired flavor. The standard custard  flavors itself is well balanced when it comes to sweetness, but in my opinion, the more uncommon flavors such as apple pie, etc is overly sweet and bluntly generic tasting. So keep that in mind when you order unusual flavors.. Just because they have it listed on the menu doesn't always mean it should be made... IMO, strawberry is the best one they have.
My husband from Philadelphia wanted to check this place out since he missed what he had back in Philly. Previous review that I saw on here which trashed this place seemed to not know what Italian water ice was. Italian water ice is completely different from Italian gelato. If anyone likes Rita's water ice, strongly recommended. 

Location is great since it's right by the park and we can grab wanter ice before we take the dogs to the park! 

My husband said that it tasted like Philly! I personally did not really know what to expect from this store but I really enjoyed it. I know this isn't the place to try something healthy. I enjoy something like this once in a while too!
A great find!

It's close by so I decided to go with my bf to check the place out. I had a difficult time deciding what to get since there were so many choices. Italian ice, gelati, concrete, custards, malts and milkshakes, pretzels, etc! And they have a large variety of flavors. I went ahead and got myself a gelati (mango ice + vanilla custard) and he got a banana custard (weird, I know). The custard was so creamy and silky smooth. I was glad that the Italian ice actually tasted like the flavor that it says it was cuz it may easily become too sugary and artificial tasting - but it wasn't, so that's good. 

*been here a couple more times after

And I'll admit that some of their Italian ice flavors can be a little disappointing, but 8/10 of the flavors I've taste-tested were spot on so not a total fail. I have not yet tried their other menu items so I'll definitely try them next time I pay a visit.
The custard is delicious.  it is super creamy, and has that creamy custard taste.  This is what real custard should taste like.

The italian ices are great.  I love how they are always changing the flavors, so there is always something new to try.  I have had many flavors and they are all good.  I almost always get a gellati which is the best of both worlds, custard and ice.  

The staff is friendly and very nice.  They are always helpful and willing to give out samples.  The owner is super nice.  Its nice to walk into a place and be greeted by friendly and happy workers.
This place has potential...

Went to check out this place with Pratik W. a few days ago cause it was in the neighborhood. We had living social deal, which is pretty the same thing as the Yelp! deal they have now.

Walking in, the place was totally empty. Considering it was effing hot outside, I thought the place would be packed. I came in and told them that we had a living social deal and the two girls working there explained in long detail all the different stuff they had. Concretes seemed the same as any other custard place. The gellati from what it seemed like was just soft serve with a slurpee like frozen ice underneath. Unfortunately, according to the two working there, the our living social deal could really only get us a standard soft-serve custard (from the machines you pretty much see everywhere) or a gellati. We ended up going with some soft-serve. I was thinking about getting some mix-ins but each one was a dollar and was not under the deal... 

We were served large tubs of the soft serve. I was disappointed in the fact that there was so actual gelato here. The custard was good, a step-above what you get a dairy queen, but it wasn't even close to Luv-It's frozen custard. I would have been happier with some golden swirl.

I couldn't help but laugh at the big cup of what is essentially soft-serve frozen yogurt we had. Realizing that I had  $10 credit, each one of our cups would have been $5 bucks each w/o the deal. Don't get me wrong, the 'custard' tasted good, but it was definitely wasn't 5 bucks good...

The serving was huge and to be honest, I got tired of eating it. We ended up dumping about a third of our cups and headed out. The whole experience was "meh" I might return and get a concrete, but then again part of me figures that if I am gonna spend $6-7 on ice cream, id rather go to golden swirl or Luv-It.
Wish I had read the reviews before I bought the coupon on LivingSocial. Since I had already purchased the deal I went anyway and realized the reviews complaining of chemical flavors were correct. All of the Italian ice flavors tasted "off", nothing like real flavors or colors. I got plain custard and my friend got a gelati. He said the Italian ice didn't taste as bad when mixed with the custard. The custard didn't taste all that "real" either. We each ate about 10 bites of our food and pitched the rest. If you are the type of person that prefers "natural" food, then stay away from this place.
Place never seems to amaze me just had them set a party pack for me in pretty much with no notice. They had it ready to go and it went over like a hit. Just goth oneself a new set of fan based customers to follow
delicious
Pretty good stuff, My favorite is definitely the italian ice. I buy quarts at a time.
I came here on a Tuesday night with my family (6) and met up with 2. I got the yelp 5 for 10 deal. I ordered the mango, passion apple, and watermelon + custard.

- Compared to great italian ice and custard in socal (Frostbite and Joe's Italian Ice), the taste is not as good. BUT!!! with the YELP deal, it just makes it sooo much better! CHEAP! :)
- I usually get mango + passion fruit. They didn't have passion fruit but passion apple. lol
- Don't get watermelon. It tastes like a laffy taffy!!! :(
- Weird fluffy mess at the bottom... :(
- Great place to hang out! Very friendly service. :)
- Already filled up the stamp card in 1 night (5 stamps)! SCORE :)
Came here last week me and the BF craving custard and Italian Ice. The location is nice and convenient, service was great everyone was nice, but the Italian Ice was way too sweet and same with the custard we had only a couple bites and threw it out. Kind of waste of money. I wanted to enjoy it : /
Get the $5 for $10 yelp deal!

On recommendation from the staff, I tried out the gelati (custard + italian ice) with vanilla custard and passion fruit gelati. The custard contains too much egg for my taste and is overwhelming. On the other hand, I really like the italian ice here. The passion fruit was an excellent choice and I would just get the passion fruit italian ice alone if I came back.

I've also had a chance to try out the apple gelati and a concrete with heath bar chunks. The apple tasted too artificial for my preference and the concrete also contained the overwhelming egg flavor once again, although they were very generous with the heath add-ins.

The yelp deal makes this a good bargain. I would stick to the italian ice though if I were to come back.
This place was amazing! The custard was delicious and the Gelati was to die for! The only thing that sucked was the customer service. You can tell it was a slow day and the two workers didn't want to be there. They offered the customers behind us a punch card, but they didn't ask us. Super rude!
I'm definitely no expert when it comes to ice or custard but something just doesn't quite work right here. Being a huge fan of Rita's, my review is probably a little biased but I'll be as honest as possible.

First off, the customer service here is pretty much non-existent. As we walked in, we looked across the menu for a few minutes and one of the employee's said "First time?" but nothing more. Even after telling her yes and that we were unfamiliar with the menu, she didn't offer any help, samples, suggestions or even say anything at all. We were also never offered the "punch card" I've read about either. 

Now, as far as the product goes it was "ok". I've been to Rita's a number of times and absolutely love the gelati so that's what I got here at CJ's. In my opinion, it just doesn't compare. The ice has an extremely "artificial" taste and I had the cherry ice which tasted like sno cone syrup. The custard was definitely creamy and the flavor wasn't bad but it had a very strong egg taste which threw me off. We also frequent Luv-It and the custard was no where near their offering. All in all it wasn't horrible, but it also wasn't great. Neither the custard or ice had natural taste or flavor that you can get at several other places in town.

I'm on the edge about giving this place 3 stars cause there was a few things that I really did like about this place. The first thing was the amount of custard flavors they offer. There are ton of choices but one huge downfall is they don't allow you to use the flavored custard in a gelati. In terms of the gelati itself, one other thing that really stood out was the amount of custard they use. If you've ever been to Rita's you know that they use a very small amount of custard for the bottom section of the gelati but at CJ's, the custard to ice ratio is just right. And the last thing that I enjoyed was the amount of seating available. I hate to do it but I'm going to make another comparison to Rita's because they only have 1 bench and it sucks having to eat outside on the curb especially when you have a fairly large group. On the other hand, it's understandable considering the space they have to work with. 

I'm not a fan of making comparisons but when there are other places in town that offer the exact product with a much higher quality (in my opinion), it's hard not too. Having the Yelp "$5 for $10" was a nice way to try CJ's but I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon. The slightly further drive to Luv-It or Rita's is well worth it.
Growing up in the South, my favorite summer time treat was an snow-cone, my second favorite was the soft serve at DQ.  Now I've come full circle and found an all time new favorite, fine Italian ice with soft served custard.  

CJ' s is just up the street from me, and it's very tempting everyday as I pass by.  The fruity flavors like cantaloupe and lemon are very sharp and fresh.  I love trying different combinations and to add a little bit more adventure, changing up the custard inside.

I like the coconut and mango with vanilla custard and really loved it.  I haven't tried other Italian ice places, so I can only say, that I really like this place.  Definitely wanta try more.
The chocolate custard is amazing, though I didn't enjoy the Italian Ice nearly as much.  On my first visit the employees were very helpful in explaining the menu. We tried several samples of the Italian Ice. It has an interesting taste and texture, just isn't for me. The person I was with preferred the Ice to the custard. A large cup is about $5. Check Yelp deals for discounts, it can save you half. Coupon or not, the custard is rich, creamy and well worth the price. Beats any yogurt or ice cream in town! It should come with a surgeon general warning "May be habit forming." (I've been there 3 times now.)
My 2nd time here and i will come again. I came to redeem a free small ice that i got from them for giving my email address on my first visit. Then i loved the fact that there were new flavors than the last time. So on this deal i was able to get something for myself and for my kids. I am a fan! Better than the ice cream i was going to get at first.
This was terrible. The custard tastes so artificial I could barely eat two bites. The Italian ice was so artificial and sweet, it tasted like food coloring and ice. Barf.

Luv It is still the best in town.
I'm no expert in Italian Ice or frozen custard but I do know what I like and this place is awesome! Ordered the gelati which is layered custard and Itlalian Ice. Beware the "regular" size is pretty big. I had the peach custard with watermelon ice. Perfect combination! My gf had vanilla custard and pistachio ice.

They do rotate flavors. The second time we were there no watermelon! I had the vanilla custard and chocolate ice! Very good too! 

The ice flavors here are very good. And the frozen custard is well custardy? It's not like ice cream or soft serve you can actually taste the difference. And tell me it's not custardy!

I should knock off a star  for having just one location! NOT!

Service is good and next time in Vegas we'll be back!
I am a huge fan of Italian ice... when I saw the Yelp deal, I was all over it. I've had Italian ice in all parts of the east coast, and CJ's did not make the cut. 

I order both a gelati and Italian ice. My gelati consisted of pistachio cream ice and vanilla custard. I will say that if I was just reviewing the pistachio cream ice, it would receive 5 stars. It's amazing! No complaints. However, everything else I put in my mouth had entirely way too much sugar! My Italian ice had a mixture of mango and tangerine. There was no fruit bits, which you usually get in Italian ice. It was very artificial tasting, and sweet of course. The custard was simply forgettable.

I definitely recommend Rita's in Green Valley over CJ's.
Mango my favorite flavor.  Today, I saw strawberry with chocolate and was tempted to try it with chocolate custard.  But since they had mango, I went with it.  

I enjoy this cold sweet treat and am wondering how the winter is going to affect my desire for this wonderful treat.
Wow!  The custard is rich and sweet and the combination of a tangerine and vanilla in a gelati was the best take on a creamsicle I've ever had.  The staff is friendly and helpful! Highly recommend.
Best custard ever! Really a nice change from yogurt!
Got a cotton candy sorbet on top of vanilla custard with sprinkles. It was absolutely delish and not overly sweet. The custard was so nice and thick that I was afraid the plastic spoon they gave me would snap. The servers could be a little friendlier and less monotonous. They were helpful but gave me the impression that they just didn't want to be there. The store gives the ambience of a darker Baskin Robbins. For a nicer experience, my advice is to get your stuff to go and eat it at the nearby park.
I love CJ's Italian Ice.  Great sugary goodness in so many flavors! The service is fast and friendly and they have a "stamp" card that rewards regular customers.  Regular specials and on Fridays you get to spin a prize wheel with the purchase of a large ice or custard.  My 3 y/o daughter loves to draw on the walls with the dry erase markers.  A fun place to take the family for dessert.
Wow! O.M.G.!! The best soft serve type ice cream ever. I wish we had this in LA. The custard is smooth and velvety and oh so delicious! Try it!!!
Good Italian ice flavors but in terms of custard, I would stick to Luv-It or Nielsen's.  Definitely worth it if you had the $5 for $10 Yelp deal!  Mango and passion fruit were my favorite Italian ice flavors.  The custard is definitely thick and egg-y but not good as a stand alone custard.  I used the custard to give the Italian ice some richness.
Love this place. John helped us and was super sweet. He was by himself and super busy but he still went the extra mile to scoop out my concrete into my chocolate waffle cone AND add some chocolate sauce! How awesome is that? Superb customer service. I will be definitely be recommending this place to everyone and coming back frequently.
Really good custard. Nice place.
This place was just okay to me. I got the watermelon ice with vanilla custard. The ice was too syrupy tasting and only somewhat tasted like watermelon, but the custard was good. Great idea, but just not for me.
Tangerine Italian ice and vanilla custard. ENOUGH SAID! Best dessert I've ever had. They call it the gelati and the combinations are endless. Friendly staff and delicious desserts, def recommend!
Creamy Custard Outstanding Italian Ice what a COOL place on a hot summer day
Soooo good!!  I had the Tangerine Ice with the Vanilla Custard.  SHEESH... kinda like a Creamscicle.
great service. Great smiles! Excellent custard
Great if you are craving some sweets and love family owned places!

My best friend introduced me to this place and I love it. The owner was running the show and was super sweet and friendly. Had a good conversation with us while we sat there and ate our ice cream. 

The ice cream is great and they have two main types. The custard ice cream being my favorite because it qualms my sweet tooth and there are a load of toppings you can add on!

It's not the best place, the Marble Slab still being my hands down favorite, but it is in a much better location, still great, and I love places where you can get to know the wonderful people who own it. 

Must go!
If your thinking about going to dairy queen think again.  This place has great custard as well as customer service, not to mention all the flavors of Italian Ice.  I will be visiting much more frequently now that summer is arriving.
Yummy Italian ice!
I was driving by with my wife and we decided to stop by and get some Italian Ice. We had never been to this place so the staff was extremely helpful in assisting us in placing an order. I figured I'd stick with something safe to see if it was spectacular or just ok. I ordered a root beer float and my wife ordered passion fruit and mango Italian Ice with no custard. While there we had to try the super hero name Ice and they were some great mixes I believe one of them was strawberry and coconut and I can't remember the rest. 

The root beer float was ok it was just a plain root beer float nothing spectacular and the same can be said for the Italian ice. The one thing that I do suggest is placing a trash can outside for those who choose to sit in the day light while having there ice so that they may have somewhere to throw their trash away rather then having to go back into the establishment.
If you're looking for authentic custard or Italian Ice, CJ's is the best place in Las Vegas!  It's old school approach to customer service is refreshing, the owner has been there every time we've been in.  Always clean, never a long wait, exceptional customer service.  A "Fargo's Favorite!"
Gah! I crave the brownie sundae everyday since I tried this place!
The custard is really good- so creamy! The ice is pretty good too, but I have nothing to base it off of- and some of the flavors I have tried haven't been that great. But anyways, the custard is really good, and so is the ice (if you find a flavor you like). They have a ton of flavors you can get for your custard- what they do is use the vanilla base, and mix in some flavor. My favorite is the coconut custard, on top of the hot brownie sundae! AH! SO GOOD!
The brownie sundae consists of: one hot brownie (frozen, then microwaved) with three swirls of custard (depending on the person you get, you can get three different flavors of custard) and each swirl is topped with their own sauce- peanut butter, marshmellow creme, and chocolate (you can change any of those to something else if you want) and finally whipped cream. This is by far my favorite thing here!
I've tried three ices: coconut, cotton candy, and marshmellow creme- all were really good, but I advise that you try the flavor first before getting it, you might not like it (example, they have a Laffy Taffy Watermelon flavor that I thought I would like, tried it, and it does NOT taste like Laffy Taffy anything, or watermelon).
My boyfriend gets the custard cannoli- it's a waffle cone in the shape of a cannoli shell, stuffed with custard, and topped with your choice of sauce and whipped cream. He was told that the only flavors of custard you could get with this is vanilla or chocolate, but they advertise one with blue custard...so I guess if you ask, and depending on the person you have there, you might be able to get a flavored custard.
This place really does depend on the person you get to help you. Sometimes they make your item wrong, and sometimes they do not stamp your card, or even give you a card (hit five and you get a free item!) so that sucks.
I had 2 concretes made with the banana/vanilla swirl. It was very delicious and both of us enjoyed it. The service was extremely friendly, most importantly, and the place was clean!
Tried them at the Las Vegas Food Fest this past weekend. Very good ice which is hard to find in Las Vegas. 
I like the flavor selection as well, both the cherry and black cherry were great. I enjoyed the cherry pieces in the cherry ice. 
Have not yet tried the ice cream but that will be next on the list, too bad they are way across town.
Love, love, love, love, LOVE this place. Of the ice places I've been able to find in Vegas this is by far the best. The flavors change often and are always refreshing. The staff is amazing and always so helpful. I love that they have daily specials and that you can take quarts home for your freezer! Now that its getting hot out again this will for sure be a regular stop even though its out of my way! And I'm hoping to see the new bus around town more since I saw it at the foodie fest.
About time I tried this place! Been meaning to try it for awhile but when. Your used to your usual go to place it's hard to break the cycle.

Loved that they have a stamp card, after your 5th purchase your 6th is free. 

Didn't like how disorganized it was. Then again, they were really busy. 7 people ahead of me and a packed inside.

They have some many options that it was hard to choose. Gelato, custard, shakes, concrete mix,  and sundaes, root beer floats and banana splits.

Finally decided on German chocolate custard with Carmel sauce inside, going for the concrete. My husband got the pistachio with cheesecake bites inside. Sounds gross but he said it was great. A little over priced for us. Especially when it came to over 10 bucks, almost 11. I was really good, and an usual flavor but I think this will just be a special occasion place . We shall stick to our yogurtland.
Family favorite --- I love it! Either get the Captian America with Vanilla custard or the Tangerine with Vanilla custard. ALWAYS friendly service and a punch card so you get a free ice after so many visits. Glad they are in Vegas.. its so hot here we need CJS! :)
Went with my daughter me we got two concretes! The service was exceptional and extremely outgoing. I had the pistachio which was fabulous.
This was a very interesting place.  I liked the flavors and the way they make flavors but even though it was creamy and yummy, the flavor was definitely lacking.  It was very very light and needed more flavoring to the custard.  The italian ice was good but my first thought was that it was going to be more like shaved ice instead of more of a solid texture.  I only tasted it, my niece ordered the italian ice and the flavor was good though.  

I would definitely go back and just ask for more flavoring added, and I liked their stamp card. 

The place was clean and very busy and that's always a great thing.
This place is fun.  I mean... it's a custard, gelato place.  But the lighting and colors and everything just exudes "fun".
Tasty creations that you get to mix and match.  
Part of the fun is mixing and matching..... so if you are the indecisive sort... this might not be the best place for you because the options are limitless (it seems).
I usually share whatever "we" order... because the custard is rich and the toppings sweet... so I just need a few bites to satisfy my cravings.  
In fact, I highly recommend sharing... that way you won't feel so guilty for indulging in this yum-o-licious treat.
This place is awesome! Smells of candy when you walk in. The custard is rich, and the ice is delish. But haven't found anything that competes with those Chy-town Italian ice vendors.
Delicious! Reminds me of home :)
Delicious!!!  The ice and custard is such a tasty combo!  So tasty that as I was eating my tangerine ice and vanilla custard, I was already thinking of what flavors I'm going to get on my next visit.  Definitely going back!  Have to... need to fill up my stamp card.
custard is very good but very filling. Lots of options which is nice.
A friend recommended we go here for desert and we're glad we tried it.  It was different.  A nice change from ice cream.  The employees were helpful in choosing a selection.  It could have been cleaner.
I loved it! Haven't really been to other Italian Ice or Custard places but speaking from my first time experience, it was delish!

My boyfriend & I decided to try it out one random hot Sunday night. Had the Cotton Candy & Grape Italian Ice Combo. Usually Cotton Candy is too "Cotton Candy-y" but it wasn't like that at all, I liked it. The man tried a Gelati with this RedWhite&Blue Italian Ice (Forgot the name sorry!). He very much enjoyed the vanilla custard on the bottom and top of the Italian Ice. He tries to do that with an Icee at Sam's Club & they look at him all weird. Hahaha!

Really liked it, good alternative to ice cream or frozen yogurt. I wish service was a little better for first timers. Recommendations & enthusiasm about the products would've been appreciated too since it was our first. But we just went with the flow and ordered what sounded good.
Excellent service from Sydney and Baylee! All three items were made perfectly and enjoyed! Thank you again
Great place to cool off!
My husband and I have been here a couple times. The custard and Italian ice is sooo good and the staff is super sweet. They closed at 10 and we rolled up around 10:15 and they still let us order and had a great attitude about it. This has become our go-to dessert spot. CJs is awesome!
I am a faithful Rita's customer, but I had a coupon for CJ's so I decided to give them a try.

I was disappointed.

One of the things I like about Rita's is that their slush flavors taste real and they incorporate real fruit into their slush. At CJ's, the flavors tasted very artificial in comparison. Secondly, I enjoy the icy texture of a slush, and CJ's slush has a weird creamy texture that turned me off. I didn't even finish it.

I doubt I will go back, but next time I would try the custard and steer clear of the slush.
It was delicious!  Had the sundae... peanuts, cherries, hot fudge and the swirl custard.  YUM!
Soo good. I ordered the chocolate and rasberry  ice with vanilla custard. I need to go back soon.
Perfect treat for the family on a hot summer day!  I had the Mango Italian Ice with soft serve.  It's a huge portion so I got the kids size.  Taking a star away because I had to drive from the north side to get there.
Surprisingly very good! And this is considering the fact that I'm comparing it to Rita's... I absolutely love Rita's.

The flavors are not artificial tasting, and the custard is delicious. 
Try the pumpkin custard!

Ample parking in lot (located in small strip mall).  You will notice that they have a truck that you can have for special events, fundraisers, etc.

Will definitely be back.
I went to this custard place to try it since I have heard good things. I tried the pumpkin custard. It was amazing! I also had some type of ice that an employee recommended. I didn't really like the ice but I think it had something to do with the flavor I picked. I'll have to give the ice another chance but the custard is definitely delicious and I will definitely be back!
We were told about this little gem by a local during our visit.   We stopped in to try it and it was wonderful!  Great ice and custard, nice atmosphere, super nice owner/staff and good prices.   Next time we get off the plane in Vegas we will be heading straight to CJs for a treat!
I used to go to Rita's until I discovered CJ's! The custard is amazing. If you are extremely hungry or want to share a delicious dish, try the brownie sundae. They switch up some of their flavors occasionally so seasonal flavors are always something to look forward to. The owner and employees are very friendly and do a great job.
So happy I finally checked this place out. I got a regular sized gelati with strawberry and vanilla custard. It was amazing and surprisingly a very good size for the price. Check in on yelp and get 10% off! Also, ask for a stamp card. You only need to fill up 5!!

I was very happy with my visit here. The girl that helped me was really cheerful. She didn't try to rush me while I was checking out the flavors which is a huge plus. To be honest, with it being my first time going there, I was a little intimidated by not knowing what to order. I'm glad she made it a pleasant experience. I can't wait to come back!
Cj's Custard never fails to treat one's taste buds. Every time I have gone into CJ's the workers are friendly and very helpful. They can give you just the perfect combination to satisfy your sweet tooth! Overall great place, and an even better summer treat!
Just like Italian Ice back on the east coast!  We tried the lemon, mango, cherry & raspberry!  YUMMMM!  Thanks for bringing a bit of the east coast to the west coast!
I got the concrete which is basically vanilla or chocolate custard with your choice of a topping. If you want more there's a .50 cent charge for each extra topping. You also get a 10% discount when you check in here. 

I got vanilla custard with cookie dough. Their custard tastes so creamy and I loved every bite I took of it. It's also really thick which made me like it even more. Good treat overall!
Had a vanilla custard with cookie dough. It was really creamy and tasted pretty good. It didn't taste overly sweet and had a strong vanilla flavor. Make sure you check in before you order because they give you a discount.
The brownie sundae is amazing. A warm brownie, 3 scoops of ice cream and marshmallow sauce, peanut butter sauce and hot fudge (it also comes with whipped cream, but I'm not a fan of that). Oh. My. It's amazing. Rich, delicious, chocolatey. Definitely a once-in-a-while, special occasion sort of treat. But oh, it's good. I've also tried some of their Italian ice- I think it was called Captain America? It was red, white and blue. That was also quite delicious, if you're going for something fruity and not as rich. Can't wait to go back and try some other flavors.
What can I say about the heavenly concoctions that come out of this place? It's so good. My family just moved here and discovered it our first month here. We chose them because they're literally a mile from our home and I'm so glad we chose them!

   So far, I've had their vanilla custard and their coconut Italian ice. They're heavenly! Their custard is thick, creamy, and so rich. And their Italian ice's texture kind of reminds me of a Popsicle meets an Icee, but so much more smooth. It's so delicious that my sister and I, who never spend our own money on food items, are more than willing to spend our own money on it every payday. If you're in for a ice cream or snow cone fix, go here. Their prices aren't bad and if you buy five of any item you get a sixth free, which we've already gotten.
Since its started warming up, I decided to try this place in hoped that it may be my summer go to spot ... and it will be. One, the service was amazing, I wish I could remember their names. They greeted me, I explained how I've never been their and they walked me through the flavors and what was popular. They didn't rush me and were very genuinely nice. Once I looked around a bit, I ended up getting a regular gelati, mango italian ice and vanilla custard, it tasted like orange sherbet when mixed together and was really good. Everything was perfect, the ice and custard were nice and fluffy but in a good way. Also a regular is more than enough for one person, its a pretty good amount I think. Overall, I think I found my new favorite place!
Something different!

So I had seen a truck driving around town that had CJ custard on it and wasn't really sure what I was looking at. So I did some yelping slash googling around and found the store.

So I've tried yoghurt, ice cream and slushie kinda drinks and snacks, so frozen custard was a nice little change.

I grabbed a chocolate custard and lime ice for my first go around, as was the recommendation from the gentleman working there. Hey guess what it was tasty as hell!!!

I for sure will becoming back here, service was great with a nice product.
They also cater which maybe something that will be in my future
Today.....this is my second time in today....I had granny apple with caramel sauce. Incredible!!!
Two favs here are the blue raspberry and cherry Italian ice, and the root beer with vanilla custard gelati.
SOOOO love this place!!!  The staff are always so nice!  The flavors are always amazing!  And their prices are great too.  Plus you get the CJ's stamp card and get free one after purchasing 5.  If you are lucky enough to be there on a day they have pineapple or watermelon, you gotta try them both!!!  FANTASTIC!
Off the hook... This is the Italian ice that I grew up with back in Brooklyn new york...hands down the best Italian ice in Vegas no franchise in town can come close to CJ,s.. I'm a basic lemon and chocolate guy. The chocolate is delicious and lemon dosent have that acid after taste. ... The store itself is very clean and family friendly as is the owner....they have a Mobil truck and can come to your home for any event.. 5 thumbs up. Great Italian ice and they also have custom ice cream cakes for any occasion and custard to die for.......
We came in for Italian ice after a soccer game!! It was great and the people were nice. Limited seating together.
The vanilla custard is delicious. They have a wide variety of take out containers with Italian ice and custard flavors. I got the "concrete" which is custard with a mixture of toppings of your choice. Good place for kids and easy access off of Durango.
I love this place. The italian ice is so smooth and tasty. There are so many different flavors to try. My favorite is the custard. It's so creamy. I like spending a few minutes deciding which custard and italian ice combination to use for my gelati. They also have Quarts of gelati in the freezer with combinations already to help you out too. Overall a good summer treat for any age.
I tried a gelati with the mint chocolate chip and chocolate on top. I loved it! It's super rich though, do the small was definitely the right size to get. The price wasn't bad and the guys working there gave us samples and we're super nice! I will be back!
So yummy. I love CJ's. Baylee is a rock star. The employees here are always awesome. In my opinion they have the best custard.
I love this place!  Everyone is so friendly and their custard is delish!  I especially enjoy the custard sandwiches.  I think I'm officially addicted.
I love there Italian Ice.. picked up a couple for the 4th of july rain bow flavored and cherry flavored. ---Sooo good .. Italian Ice is worth a shot espic during heat !. I havent tried much else as of yet but I will try some next time and update but seriously the red white and blue italian ice crazy good -- do they have a orange flavored ice curious ?
Just recently stopped in and now I am completely hooked! They have an awesome quality and assortment and even have sugar and dairy free options! They have punch cards so you get a free product after you buy a certain amount. This is our new after school and summer place to go. Just a bonus that it is just down the street from our house.
Glad not to have to drive too far out of Scottsdale for authentic Mexican shaved ice treats. The Chamoyada reminds me of a Bloody Mary on ice - salty, spicy and sweet! Perfect way to cool down on a hot day.
Enjoying my strawberry raspados right now, and it's 105 degrees out. Great way to cool down, but the staff wasn't super helpful with the all-Spanish menu.
The raspados are soooo good!!! My kids loved them and they are better than ice cream so we WILL be back for more.
found them by chance.  I was in the stripmall for another business and saw their signs. popped in and the place was busy!  lots of families, all seated enjoying treats I've never heard of before.   Tositos Preparados, Churros Locos, and some other things.    I tried their sonoran hot dogs as I've not had one in a couple years and they were excellent.  now that the summer heat's here and they're close by i'll be sure to try a raspado.  the melon and peaches and all the fruits looked so delicious and refreshing!
When you are missing Mexico this is the place to hit up. Although the treats are not as good as the ones you would find in the state of Michoacan they are still good. I've tried basically everything on their menu, you can't go wrong with this place. So next time it gets 100 degrees and you want a little piece of Mexico, you know where to go!
I first found Freddy's on a family trip to Texas.  Now I am able to enjoy it on business trips.  This location is easy to find and has the same quality of all their stores.  Unique high quality fresh burgers, great fries and try the custard.
Freddy's has finally opened!!! The place was very busy and as soon as you walk I'm you see a plethora of Freddy's workers  in the kitchen. The atmosphere reminded me of an In-N-Out with a mix of Five Guys service and a Steak N' Steak diner feel. Anyways, my boyfriend and I shared the #6 combo- double cheeseburger California style combo with the Chicago style hot dog. The burger had a piece of hair on my bf's hamburger patty! The meat tasted plain and dry. The fries were shoe string fries but had too much salt!!! The Chicago style hot dog was wrapped in a butter toasted bread with an all beef frank, peppers, onions, and some celery salt. The hot dog was overpriced for a small piece of meat, same size as your typical grocery store hot dog. If you take a bite of the hot dog itself, it is very salty...Overall, while the concept they were trying to create was cool, the food itself needs to work out some major kinks. Try this place out and you might get a different experience then we did!
Freddy's customer service was impeccable. My sister had gotten the wrong order, but chose to keep what she got. One manager came back, and instead of taking the wrong order away, he gave her what she originally ordered and let her keep the other burger as well! Food was great and price was reasonable. Five star service!
Cool another burger joint! That sells custard to boot!! It's what distinguishes this Midwest franchise from I&O, S&S and 5G's.

Ambiance - Whole area surrounding Freddy's looks new, from the repaved blacktop in the parking lot to the modern stylized 50's diner interior of the building which used to house Fazolis. The dining area is pretty spacious,airy,open ceilings. There is also a drive thru, didnt see any cars go thru during my visit. So FYI there is drive-thru service Yelpers. BTW the address is listed wrong..should be 9809 (see my photo) 

Service - Hard workers!!! Minute you walk into the place you are greeted by smiling faces eager to help you. In fact one of the employees saw us walking up from the parking lot and opened the door and greeted us. For being so new it was nice to see staff was confident when giving descriptions of their menu items. You place, pay and pick up your order at the counter when your number is called. Our wait time was less than 3 minutes.  Tables were cleaned up pretty quick.  Eagle eyed workers also came around and continuely cleared our table as soon as dirty napkin,empty straw wrapper hit the table...no kidding! 

Food -  Ordered their Orig Freddy's Dbl Steakburger which was their plain burger just pickles are on it..cheese was xtra.   If you want the lettuce, tomatoes whole bit upgrade to the Cali Burger . We also got Chili Cheese fries  to share and the Mr. got the Triple burger + a hot dog combo.  Our order came to $20 for all  food and drinks! 
 Everything was cooked to order,  so food was still hot when we sat down to eat.

The burger patties are pretty lean, no greasy oozing out mess here. They are smashed thin so the texture of the edges were pretty  brown & crisp on the outer part and cooked well done inside.  They're evenly seasoned with salt, pepper, garlic.(that's what my tastes buds detected)  The bun was buttered and toasted. If you're a big eater the portions might be small for you, but it was perfect for me, it satisfied my red meat craving and  I didnt feel guilty "super sizing" it to a double burger.

The fries were the shoestring variety, still hot and still crisp with all the chili and velveta like cheese poured on it.  Their chili is a tad salty for my taste.  Mr. B said the hot dog was okay, I thought the buttered Texas toast was a different and cool take for a hot dog bun.  

The custard I ordered was a Vanilla concrete, similar to DQBlizzard. I dont get why it's called a "concrete" though, I was thinking it was going to be served up as brick..lol  The custard concrete is like a real thick ice cream but more dense, creamier..and felt very  rich & fattening ..the mixin I chose was caramel.  The custard was good but I only had a few spoonfuls since I was stuffed as it was.(so note.. order it to go next time) .  

Overall we enjoyed our meal, food was good, service great! I will probably choose this place over 5G's for my go to fast food burger joint when in the area because the prices are more reasonable and Freddy's got the custard!!
Fries were great- very crispy. Fry sauce not much, but if you are a fan of mayo and ketchup you might like it. Custard is top notch! The burger tasted exactly like Steak n'Shake- which is not a problem, I love that place. If you are looking for a thick burger, this is not the place. These are thin steak burgers so maybe get a double. All in all, very clean and good customer service.
I just did the drive through but I thought this food was pretty good.  I only purchased a hot dog and fries and the bun was buttered and grilled, yum!  Service was quick for something made fresh.  Employees were ridiculously nice.  While waiting in the drive through, a gentleman who worked there passed out menus.  I will be back to try their burgers and of course their custard!
Went here on the hottest day of the year. Seriously delicious. Kindy pricey and the chicken was a little plain but the hot dog was delicious and the California Burger is better than a Double Double. (Sacrilege, I know) the fries are tiny shoestrings that are delicious.
Everyone is super friendly here. You can feel the "Happy Days" spirit right when you walk in. This is the first place I've been to in a long time where the business was overstaffed for the amount of customers there. I guess its a good thing for customers, but it looks too busy behind the counter. 
Anyway, I'm giving this place a 3 out of 5 because I went in to try their frozen custard. Their vanilla custard tastes like McDonald's ice cream. Don't get me wrong. I LOVE McDonald's ice cream, but I think I still prefer Mr. D's frozen custard. However, I do like that Freddy's has mini size options, so I may opt for this on my not-so-frotard-craving days. I must go back to try their steakburgers now!
I have to say that I wasn't expecting much when I saw this place go up. Another "specialty" burger joint in Vegas... Oh,  yippee joy! 

What I found was an amazingly fresh burger (cooked to order). The pickles were a nice touch (long, bun length) and the bun was toasted just right! My only knock is that the bacon was just ok and you need to add some sauce to the burger as mustard was the only thing on there. But, Im sure if you play around with it you'll find your perfect way. First impression thought is that It still lacks in the signature taste department compared to In N Out, but this is the best #2 I've found... And that's saying a lot! 

The custard was to die for! Tried a turtle sundae and I wasn't disappointed at all. I think next time it will be the Hawaiian one... Actually, it will be up to the wife to choose the next one so who knows!

The place was clean, the people were friendly and very inviting. Way different then other "steak burger" places in Vegas located in or near Southpoint Casino. 

I will totally be back!!
Cool new place. It's a lot like Steak and Shake except without the shakes. It's like Steak and Custard. (badum bum) We ordered the traditional California burger, the chili cheese fries, and a turttle custard concrete. 

The California burger is what you would expect a traditional California steakburger to be (it tastes just like the steak and shake california burger). It's got the thinnly sliced steak burger with the all the California burger fixings.

Now, I do love their chili cheese fries! I'm not a big fan of chili cheese fries only because it's so filling and I get full off it so fast. It's got the steak burger chunks in it with nacho cheese and mini cubes of onion on it. The french fries are also those thinly cut fries which makes it all the more better. You taste more of the chili cheese than the thickness of the fries which I loved.

Now, the turtle custard concrete. DELISH! The custard was nice and thick and super solid! It was rich and creamy. It had all the fixing of a turtle any thing. So the pecans, caramel, and chocolate just made that custard taste so good. If you prefer it premixed and you want to just sip on it, get the concrete. If you dig the helpings on top where you can eat the best of the best first, get the sundae.
The burger carton at Freddy's proclaims, "To us, every order is a special order". Maybe that explains the missing top bun on my burger. This wasn't a great first impression of their food after waiting about five minutes at the drive through window. Luckily, I planned on eating in the car and noticed before I got home. I headed back inside and approached the presumed manager (wearing a polo shirt), and he was friendly and apologetic.

Once he bunned me, I went back to the car and tried my double steakburger, California style. California style comes with American cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, raw sliced onions, and the typical thousand island-style special sauce. The burger is smashed and crispy, Steak 'n Shake style. It was tasty, but I felt it was a little small for the $4.69 price.

Despite the bad first impression, I will probably give Freddy's another try. The chili cheese fries are calling me...
Driving around the area during lunch time, I noticed Freddy's had just opened up. I checked my trusty Yelp app and after checking out the reviews, decided on an impromptu visit to Freddy's. 

I chose to drive thru, for convenience. I ordered a chili fries and a mini vanilla malt with cheesecake and cherry added. The fries were fantastic! The perfect texture. I love skinny fries with a bit of crispiness and the chili was really tasty too. They add onions, so now I know for next time to specify that I don't want onions, but it was still fantastic. They reminded me of my favorite chili fries from The Original Tops in Pasadena, CA. The malt was really great too. Very tasty and they included a boba straw so you can suck up all the delicious add-ons through the straw. 

I'll definitely be back to try some of their steakburgers and get another taste of those fabulous fries and custard.
I'm NOT impress!!!! Very disappointing.  We had Patty melt,  the patty was thin crispy not juicy at all over cooked.  Onions inside the burger has onions skin not pleasant.  

No flavor. So not worth it. Waste of time and money. Over price too. Just my opinion.
When I was sitting in Freddy's enjoying my burger, I heard some criticism from nearby tables.  I think the overarching criticism of Freddy's - the thin, almost crunchy burgers - merely indicates that people seemed confused about what a steakburger IS.  A steakburger is MEANT to be thin and crunchy.  That's the whole point.  I guess people in this region just don't "get it" yet.  If you want your burger thick and juicy, you're at the wrong place.  In that case, I recommend Badger Cafe on Tropicana.  

However, if you're like me and just LOVE a steakburger, you've come to the right place.  I'm originally from the Midwest and went to college down the street from a Steak 'N Shake, the king of the steakburger (disclaimer: the Steak 'N Shake in Southpoint is NOT representative of what a Midwest steakburger is...they don't seem to know how to do it right).  I was SHOCKED to find that Freddy's does the steakburger BETTER than Steak 'N Shake!  The meat is flavorful, the cheese is very melty (sorta like In 'N Out), and the bun is light and buttery.  The fry sauce goes well on both the burgers and the fries.  Speaking of fries... I think the fries are the most notable difference between Freddy's and Steak 'N Shake.  Both chains are known for their shoestring fries.  However, Freddy's fries are fried to golden perfection and seasoned with this incredible seasoning salt blend.  SNS is known for undercooked, underseasoned, cold fries that I only find palatable if drenched in piping-hot cheese sauce.  

I haven't tried the custard.  I don't eat custard, but I'm curious.  I might make my fianc order it next time so I can live vicariously through him.

Five stars for exactly what it is - a delicious, high-quality STEAKBURGER.  It isn't fair to rate it any other way.  If it isn't your cup of tea... fine!  Great!  More for me!
Came back to try a burger and also a little from a hotdog. The burger was pretty good. Very similar to Steak n Shake or Smashburger. The meat was flavorful and I enjoyed the crispy edges. It's not typically my favorite type of burger, but I do appreciate the smashed version at Freddy's, since they do it well. The pickles were a nice touch. Sliced lengthwise, they were full of flavor and nicely crisp. I almost enjoyed the hotdogs more than the burger. The hotdog was meaty and made to order, which was great. 

I'll definitely be back for lunch again soon.
I am thrilled Freddy's has opened a location in Vegas!  The burgers are flavorful and delicious.  The custard creations are heavenly.  The service is quick and wonderfully friendly.  This is the only place I've been to that has those wide straws that help you be able to actually drink their thick malts.  The only reason I left off the 5th star is that the prices really are too high for what you get.  That doesn't keep me away, though.

I wish you had pretzels to mix into your concretes!
Freddy's burgers are tragic. I know tons of people will disagree, but poop on them. This is my review. I can appreciate a good burger just like anyone else, but I did not find any trace of one here. 

The patties are pounded too thin and cooked in oil destroying any actual meat flavor. They re-kill the beef! There's also entirely too much Mayo in the Thousand Island like burger sauce and an unneccessary amount of it on the paper thin patty. The bun tasted like it had been saturated in butter. Good thing they are located so close to the hospital. I also ordered the chili cheese fries which had potential and were cooked perfectly until someone assaulted them with salt. Did I mention the SCREAMING children everywhere? Ugh.

I looked around and observed close to ten people around 300 pounds each. All enjoying these unhealthy burgers and I thought to myself," Am I at the Heart Attack Grill place?" Feck this. I left without eating even half of my meal. Don't remember the last time I did that.

Freddy's gets TWO STARS for having Diet Dr. Pepper and for having excellent customer service and a clean restaurant which is important. They lose three stars for the prices and the overall flavor.  Maybe they should have an ambulance out front with a Freddy's logo on it to attract more potential heart attack victims, I mean loyal customers.
Freddy's is a great new addition to Las Vegas.  The food is good and the prices are reasonable.  The frozen custard is great too!!  Portions are pretty big so you could probably share.  The burgers are thin and come with everything.

The only thing is that they are seem to be a bit more greasy than other places. They just opened so they still have a few kinks to get out with the service but overall it's a nice change from bigger fastfood chains.
This place was good, but not great.

They have a lot to offer and a lot of potential, but there could be some improvements.  I had their cheese burger which was good, but not anything special necessarily. Reminded me of In-n-out because they also have their own sauce. If someone I'm with wants to eat there I'd have no problem with that, but I don't think I'll necessarily go back just for myself.

Something to note if you do go: they have a horrible line area.  We got lucky and seemed to go during a lull, but about 3 minutes after we got there the line got incredibly long and it was uncomfortable because people didn't know where to stand, it was kind of funny.  Also, there are WAAAYYY too many workers walking around and standing idly.  It made it super awkward when my family and I were trying to eat and every few minutes someone asked us how our meal is..not gonna lie but in 3 minutes nothing is going to change from our answer haha And at that point we were kind of wondering if they're going to have that many workers why don't they bring us our food instead of calling numbers and we go up and get it? Just a thought.
Truly a great burger joint! Freddys puts Steak-n-shake to shame. Their people are much more personable, the food is less expensive, and the taste FAR exceeded my expectations. 

Shoestring fries are flavorful and crispy, steak patties are tender and juicy, and the burgers are well put together. 

I can't help comparing this place to Steak-n-Shake but they are only similar is what they serve. Everything else is black and white. S&S would not accommodate a group of 20 local students and Freddy's will. 

Support this local business. One that supports its own community. I was VERY impressed with this dining experience.
I haven't had a patty melt in years! It was just as good as I remembered! Love the skinny fries and they have Dr. Pepper! Next time I'll bring my kids!
This is a solid place for fast food and reminded me a lot of In-N-Out with a variety of frozen custards available. 

The burgers are shaped very thin but also are spread wide. The fries are thin cut. The appearance of the meal gives Freddy's a unique characteristic to remember it by.

The frozen custards come with a large variety of toppings, which is the main draw. However, if you are just looking for frozen custard and not the burgers, I would recommend venturing down the street to Nielson's for some frozen custard that will make your taste buds explode.
Great burgers...amazing onion rings..excellent service. 
I was being indecisive and changed my mind 3x at drive thru...as I apologized the employ said change your mind as many times as you like...refreshingly sweet attitude. Drive up to get my Order and the employ reached her hand out to shake mine and said nice to meet you my name is heaven ...I have never had a drive thru attendant shake my hand and introduce herself. And then after all that which was a great experience ....the manager gave me a comp chocolate custard...which was delish! ...crazy cool fast food joint. If you havent been...GO 
Another bonus...there is no tip jar at the drive thru window (-:
I just went to the drive thru and ordered a chicken sandwich (lettuce-wrapped) and a six patty (lettuce wrapped) steakburger.

When I got to the drive thru, the associates could not believe that I was ordering a six-patty steakburger. They upgraded me to ten patties upon my request calling it the, "Freddy's Challenge."

I took it home, although I told them I can eat it there. They insisted next time I come by. 

Pictures are posted.
Ugh, shoestring fries.  Why?  Why?  Why? What's the point?  They don't taste like potatoes.  They're impossible to dip in ketchup.  I hate it.

I got a patty melt to go with my fries that tasted nothing like potato.  The bread was very buttery which is awesome.  The onions were thoroughly grilled.  Cheese was nice and melted.  The patty was unimpressive though.  Beef was super thin and then smashed even thinner for good measure.  Similar to how you can't taste the potato in shoestring fries, you can't taste the meat in the super thin smashed over cooked patty.

Ice Cream looked good, but I didn't have a chance to try.

Restaurant was clean and staff was friendly.

It's a bit more expensive, but Five Guys is still the king of trendy burger joints.  They have real french fries and juicy patties.  Also, Red Robin is quite excellent (AYCE steak fries!) if you are okay with being non-trendy and can deal with the annoying kids running around.
Thank you fellow Yelpers for helping me expect the potential unexpected.

As others state, this isn't your typical savory, juicy, meat loaded burger. This is a burger has a much thinner patty, is a bit crispy (on the outside), has great toppings, and in all honesty, is one of the better fast food burgers I've had. Decided to go with ol' #1 - because if a #1 can't be done right in a fast food restaurant then they can't do anything right. Burger included two patties, 2 slices of cheese, onion, pickle, and decided to have them substitute the mustard for Freddy's sauce. Excellent choice if I do say so myself. The burger was cooked perfect, crispy outside, not overcooked inside. The Freddy's sauce made the burger & fries spectacular. My order was to go, but I was happy to see that they had Freddy's seasoning salts right at the to go counter available to use prior to leaving the restaurant. Great service, got the food quickly, and I definitely plan on going back.

The decor inside the restaurant is great, very 50's looking - and more importantly it's CLEAN. How often do you walk into a fast food chain restaurant and see tables that look like a flock of 4yo's dominated a smorgasbord? 

I can't wait to go back and try some of their custard. If they taste half as good as the pictures look I may be checking back in with a 5 star rating.
I been to this place at least three times now. I can only write a review on one item on the menu because every time I go there, I get the same thing. Why? It is because I am in love with that burger and I can't let it go. =)
My favorite at this joint is the number #6 combo, double steakburger california style (you can request grilled onion and with or without cheese) with drink and fries. The steakburger is tasty and juicy. The fries are thin sliced and crispy, perfect way to eat it. The drink that I always get is the passion fruit iced tea, I like the flavor and taste of the passion fruit. The only negative about this iced tea is that it's warm, I had to put a lot of ice just to drink it and a little sugar to add a little sweetness to it.
This place was PACKED when we got here...Wifey placed our orders, I went ahead and snagged a table just as a party was on their way out. Perfect timing!

They have alot to choose from here-Wifey chose a cheeseburger combo with a chili-cheese fries upgrade and I went with a patty melt combo. Both were very tasty and well seasoned, but  the patties could be a little thicker. 

I love their skinny mini fries. they were all perfectly cooked and a generous portion too.
Give the Chili-Cheese Fries extra love by hitting them with some Cholula action...The staff and service is great here, and another cool thing is you can order dessert with your meal and put it on hold. When you're ready for dessert, go up and hand a cashier your receipt, or one of the staff will be nice enough to get it for you after bussing your table.

We shared the Turtle and PBC & B(Peanut Butter Cup and Banana) Sundaes. They were good, and the consistency of the custard was smooth and creamy. Overall, a good first visit and we'll definitely be back...ALOHA!!!
Yeah Freddy's!  This is a nice place for a burger and with the kids!

I have to say this is a nice place to try for Burgers and good place to come back to many times.  To me, it is a definite notch above the McDonalds, Burger Kings, Wendy's type of places and near quality of Inn and Out.

1.  Ambiance - 5 star - Nice amount of room, people always cleaning and keeping it up.  Even the toilet is very clean and fresh.  I say one of the best when it comes to overall appearance and ambiance.

2.  Service - 5 star - Everyone here, from the manager to the staff is top notch.  Helpful, friendly, open to giving suggestions and ideas.  I find them all to be very, very pleasant and makes coming here even better.  You know how some of these fast food places, they get what they pay for.  Here at Freddy's top class!

3.  Food - 3.5 star - The food is pretty good overall.

a.  Fries - 4 star - Best thin fries ever.  Great sauce near the cash register just for the fries and of course the huge ketchup dispenser with small paper cups to douse your fries in.  Very crispy, lightly fried taste, and you will want to grab a bunch. They give you a bunch.  Not like Five Guys, yet certainly plenty.

b.  Steak Burger - 3 star.  Actually enjoyable, easy to palm in your hand and eat, compared to some of the ones at Inn and Out or Five Guys where it is so huge that you have to create a logistics plan on how to eat it.  The taste is nice, nothing spectacular in my book, however, tasty overall.

c.  Hot Dogs - 3 star -  Actually I do like the lightly toasted bun they put it in, so that is a plus.  It is a hot dog and we did not get the chili dog or anything. However, I find that the hot dogs at Costco, in those amazing soft delicate buns are freakiin awesome and something like 1.50 with a drink, so compared to that, it is a good hot dog..... just not mind blowing.  

d.  Variations - 4 star - they have plenty of variations, doubles and plenty of your basic condiments. Not over the top and confusing, so that makes it nice for your all around all american burger and dogs.

e.  desserts - 4 star - Oh my, oh my.  you have to leave room for the desserts.  The Turgle, PBC & B, and Chocolate Brownie Delight are great whether as a Sundae or as a Concrete, which is custord mixed in like a shake with all the other ingredients.  Tasty for sure!


I really like this place, professional, tasty , easy to get in, easy to park, easy seating, quality, and nice for family, teens, adults.  Nice!
I have eaten here twice and I wasn't impressed at all - the patties in the burgers are flat like at Smashburger which I love but here the patties don't seem to be seasoned and the burger was just - UMM - Boring. The fries are skinny - don't like that and the custard is watery - don't like that either. We had to return the chicken fingers cause it was fried too long so it was to hard to eat. The employees were all attentive and I was given a free meal comp. for the next time .The special sauce for the fries is good but nothing else really does it for me at all. I had a chocolate brownie sundae concrete which surprisingly wasn't very chocolatey at all and the other time I had a vanilla concrete with banana's and marshmallows - I didn't tast any marshmallows and the banana's were minimal.My daughter loves the free WIFI - but all in all I honestly have no desire to come back.
my review is more like a 3.5. My attempt to find the best burger in Las Vegas continues. I am still at heart, an in-n-out fan, with Five guys coming in at a close 2nd. Freddy's has only one location in the entire Las Vegas. It just happens to be down the street from my dentist. I got the #7. which is a double steakburger with bacon. unlike Five guys, in-n-out or even smashburger, their burgers are pressed, flattened sort to speak.  It was good, but i prefer my burgers thick and meaty.the flavors were right and overall it was a good burger. The service was fast, the place was really nice. It was busy, i dont know if it is because this was the only location in town, or because the area is just really busy. They serve shoe string fries, really thin, with very light seasoning. different, but good.. but nothing amazing. The highlight was probably  their custard. Again, not too sweet, and they had fry sauce. which was basically a thousand island with a little less zing, not bland, but mild. I would go again, but only if i am on that side of town,  I wouldn't drive that far, for a burger.
This place is going to give In and Out a run for their money. I am soooo addicted
Freddy's is definitely in the same league as In 'N Out and Five Guys.  This is a compliment as I love those places.  The bad news is that I'd rather have either of those, and they are both within a few blocks of Freddy's.  If you want frozen custard, then it's probably worth it (however I didn't try it - but I'm sure it's good based on the amount of people ordering it).  Personally, if I was really craving shoe-string fries, I'd go to Freddy's.  While it's not my favorite fast food burger, the steak burger is also very good and you will like it.
Went here for our weekly family Friday night dinner. It's another 50's style hamburger joint. It's a pretty original concept actually(sarcastic grin). I ordered the #6 California burger meal. It's a double cheeseburger with fries and a drink. The burger was very tasty and to me very similar to in n' out. My wife mentioned that this place reminded her of steak and shake. Same vibe and the food taste similar. There fries weren't bad and you get a huge amount per meal. Good size drinks but stay away from the brewed ice teas. I couldn't taste the tea, it was just water really. This will be another one of our go to places. They also have a drive thru which is a big plus. I almost forgot to mention that most of the staff is very friendly.
When I was in college, my roommates and I would play video games. A lot of video games. In between ditching classes and playing Halo: Combat Evolved on our super rad LAN parties in the dorm rooms, we would eat (because most humans require food to operate and we required food to operate our Xbox controllers.) The choices in the small town weren't plentiful, we had the choice of the student union, chick-fil-a, Wendy's or a little place called Freddy's Frozen Custard and Steakburgers. You see, chicken sandwiches and square patties got old after a thousand times, but something about Freddy's steak burgers and their thin patties hit the spot in a way the other chains couldn't. I'd like to say that many a study sessions were fueled by these delicious burgers, but I didn't study, studying is for nerds. 

Long story short, Freddy's on Eastern is everything I remember from college and is a welcome addition to the Vegas fast food scene.
Love Freddy's!  We have been there 3 times since it opened and love it.  The first time my kids ate their entire burger and my daughter ususally doesn't heat burgers at all.  On our 2nd visit they did give us the wrong order but quicky fixed it and checked on us 2 times after.
Best Shakes in Town, sorry Steak N Shake Freddy's has you beat!
First time at Freddy's, not sure if I'll return mainly because of price point.  Went through drive-thru, and you know what they say about drive-thru.  Oops.  They almost got it right - just the California burger was opposite of what we ordered (everything, no onion).  Darn!  They read the order back correctly too, so I had such high hopes.

The patty melt was good, and I enjoyed the super skinny fries.  Ice tea seemed fresh as well.  Kids ordered a mini sundae and concrete.  My husband kept announcing the price with surprise each time we added another item - it really was quite funny.  In the end, after three hamburger meals, a chicken tender meal (regular), and two mini desserts we spent $43.  I guess that's a bit higher than most other fast food joints.  What surprised me was the price of the mini desserts ($3.50 each) - guess I don't get out much.

All in all, not bad but not great.  Have to say I do like being able to get a patty melt in the drive-thru.  Ok, maybe I'll go back for another patty melt someday.
Vegas gets another new burger joint. I really was never going to go out of my way to eat at Freddy's, but because I happened to be on the side of town where it is located getting my nails done with my sister we decided to go here. I just so happened to see it when we were driving around.

The inside reminds me of an Inn N Out with obnoxiously nice employees. I know, how can employees be so nice they are obnoxious? When while in the course of being there for about 30 minutes and we are asked how everything is about 4 times. Okay, I'm complaining for nothing... I concede to the fact. But I am assuming the niceties will only last for so long, until Freddy's is just the 2nd Steak & Shake in Vegas.

Okay food - I ordered a cheeseburger with fries and a soda, the combo. My sister ordered a hot dog and a water. We shared the fries - it's a good thing we did. The fry portions are massive, which basically does not surprise me anymore. They are shoestring fries though, kind of refreshing... as far as french fries goes.

My sister said her "Chicago" dog was tasty and good. My burger was good too. Now I've had the whole "Steakburger" thing. I don't know... is it better than other burgers? I just can't decide. I mean, it was good, but... uuuhhh, I just don't know. I'm just not really impressed.

Would I go back? Isn't that what it comes down to? When I go get my nails done and on that day I feel like a burger, perhaps I'll stop by Freddy's. But to go out of my way to come here? Nah. 

PS - They have fry sauce. Obvi everyone knows this is ketchup and mayo, but yea, still... FRY SAUCE.
Great hamburgers and yummy fries...but that doesn't compare to the 5 Star service.  From the front counter to the bussers.  Always pleasant and service oriented.  I would go here just for the wait staff that cares!  Check it out!
O.M.G. 

Part 1: 
I came here when it first opened & was excited to try a new place to eat. Upon entering on one of their "Grand Opening" days I was pretty impressed with the atmosphere.  However, the service there was not impressive. ---I'm not impressed :T 
I came up to the register ordered a patty melt & a hot dog.
  So, when i went to pay my order and made a comment on how there was a lot of workers/trainees; the girl that was helping me gave me a snide response back (whoa! ok lady calm down.)

When we received our orders and tasted it: the patty melt was just plain and gross. A The hot dog was okay, but i'd rather go to costco & i would get a bigger hotdog for a cheaper price. The quality of the food and for the price we paid at Freddys, wasnt a place we wanted to go back to. However, we did go back since our friends told us to  go try their steakburger & not some patty melt. 

Part 2: 
I suppose the service was better this time around, but the food was sighs, ewww. We ordered the steakburger and the significant other said, "it tastes like a mcdonalds burger" LOL. oh geez, i guess he wasnt impressed, either.  The steakburger didn't taste like anything and all i can taste was the bun.  

Sorry, Freddy's but you lost this time.
Burgers and custard are awesome, fries suck though
Old fashion steak and shake variety now close to my house? I'm in love:)
om trying the custard next time!!
Third visit here. Every time they have gotten my order just right. Even in drive-through, the car after a $45 order (wow, big family!), they got my special order patty melt right. No grilled onions, on sourdough, and with fry sauce and bacon.

Yes, that is my main attraction - FRY SAUCE! Love the stuff. I agree with the Yelpers that say it is like Steak N Shake, also with the Yelpers who say the burgers are a bit dry. Since I dunk every bite in the FRY SAUCE, I really don't care. Their onion rings have been outstanding. (Dipped in FRY SAUCE), perfectly golden brown and crunchy just the right size for soaking in...yeah, you got it, and beautifully crunchy. Personally I love the shoestring fries as well.....need I say what ladens each crunchy bite? 

Kudos on having more than one diet drink, though I wish it were Diet Mountain Dew rather than Diet Dr. Pepper. 

Haven't had any of the custards since my combo lasts me at least two meals. The combos were all a little strange, but I will try a cone or dish sometime.

Overall, Freddy's is a welcome change from the prior Fazoli's and I will probably be back for, at least, the onion rings and......FRY SAUCE!
After eating here dozens of times, I used the restroom. I'm sorry to say the it was pretty bad. It was similar to many truck stop restrooms on the interstate. 

Come on Freddy's, great food, great service, and great prices. Don't give it all up for cleanliness.
Late evening Saturday and this place is packed.  We look over the menu, place our order and found an open booth.  There are several large groups with sporting uniforms, the place is a buzz with noisy chatter.

They finally call our number and the burgers arrive.  The bun is fresh, butter roasted on the flat top, the burger moist and has great flavor, they call them steak burgers and they are cooked when ordered.   The skinny french fries are golden brown and crispy.  Overall, a good burger meal.  

Once finished, we decided on the custard.  I got a chocolate brownie delight.  The brownie was a bit hard and at the bottom of the cup.  The custard, whip cream and nuts on top made it difficult to get a bite of brownie, but I managed.
These are my favorite burgers right now! Great flavor in every bite, and the shoestring fries are a great addition and stay hot throughout the whole meal.

Don't forget to save room for dessert! I like to get the Turtle Sundae with butterscotch..so good!
Finding a seat can be a problem at times, but that's to be expected when the burgers are hat good!
In my opinion, I think they are better than Five Guys. I got the double bacon cheese burger & it was hot and delish! The staff were all very friendly & took our trays when we were done eating. We decided to get a frozen custard to take home and the girl at the register suggested the pumpkin custard. She said they take a whole slice of pumpkin pie and blend it with the frozen vanilla custard. So glad she suggested it because it was amazing! We will definitely be back again!
I have driven by this place a few times.  I noticed the sign said steak burgers.  I have never heard of this burger and custard place.  I went on an adventure with my friend Google to do some research.  This is a Kansas based franchise chain.  It was a Sunday night and we decided to assemble the family and try this place out.  It was pretty packed but we didn't wait in line very long.  They have hamburgers and hot dogs.  I ordered the original double and my wife got a hot dog with the chili cheese fries.  We got my daughter a grilled cheese.  The order came out pretty quick.  The service was great.  the dining room was pretty clean for this place being so packed all the time.  I was bummed out that it was a Pepsi establishment, but that just my individual complaint.  They do have Dr. Pepper though.  Overall the burgers were good.  It didn't blow me away.  I think there are better burger places out there in the same price range.  This is definitely worth checking out for lunch.  The fries did disappoint by themselves.  I ended up eating some of my wife's chili cheese fries.  If you get the fries don't get them without toppings.  Cheers!
I believe that if the Pilgrims and the Indians had tried the Pumpkin Pie Concrete from Freddy's there would have been less scalping and more smiling. 

Yes, I did it. I ate it and loved every sinful bite of it. I did it for America and for Thanksgiving really. Now on that special day in November instead of sitting around a table with my family pretending to LOVE that kind of food I get to be home, alone grubbing on Thai takeout which I enjoy so much more. I might even eat it in my bed, and not shower and drink my Thanksgiving away. This will lead to several explicit drunk texts I will knowingly regret the next day, but my friends will be entertained. Yup, that's how I will give thanks. 

Back to the hotel...I mean the concrete. Charlie Brown would even agree it's the Great Pumpkin.  If you dig pumpkin pie at all they shove the whole shabang in there including the soft crust, pumpkin filling, nutmeg, whipped cream and crop dust it all with cinnamon. You don't have to wait until November to give thanks. Do it for your country and sweet tooth today and grub on this goodness!

Warning: You will look bloated after so don't eat one if you plan on wearing a slutbag Halloween costume right after.
Found this place by accident while, trying to find the trailer to vote.  We were going to just stop in and check out the menu.  OMG, the smell just captures your attention.  Before we even got in we decided we were going to eat!   It was really good!  The fries are thin, and the burgers are good!  They also sell shakes, and custard Ice cream or what ever custard is.   We will be back thats for sure, it was awsome, and the price isn't bad either.
I ordered the Double Steak Burger California Style without the buns because I'm on a low carb diet.  It was good to know that they can accommodate you on that front.  So  my burger was kind like the protein burger from In and Out.  The only problem was, the patties were under seasoned.  I think this may have been the first time ever I had to salt my burger.  The patties were smashed so they're flat kinda like smash burgers' patties.  I was a bit disappointed about how, the only difference between my burger and whatever it is my husband ordered was that, mine had tomatoes.  I wish they could have made it more exciting like perhaps adding avocados to go with the title, "California Style".

I have yet to try the frozen custard.  I hope its worth coming back for.
Great burgers, great fries, great shakes. I ate here three times in on week. Yummy!
Loved the Kansas-style burgers, very unique and tasty. It's hard to describe them, I would say the best way is if you took a steak, chopped it up very fine with a knife, and somehow were able to put it back all together. It's not the greatest description so you will have to go there and find out for yourself. The meat itself could have used a tad more seasoning. Shoestring fries were perfectly cooked. Thin and crispy, again, just a little bit more seasoning. All the employees were very friendly and even the manager came out to see if everything was OK, I liked that. Those milkshakes looked amazing, gonna have to try some next time.
Before I could write this review, I had to put on my pajamas with the elastic waist.I affectionately refer to these as my "fat pants" ,and break them out for special occasions. Truth be told, I overate tonight. I wanted to stop midway through my meal, but it was too damned good.

I love all kinds of burgers! Sliders, turkey burgers, green chile burgers, and of course steak burgers. Freddy's has perfected the steak burger-sorry Steak n' Shake. I chose the Double Steakburger (California Style), which consisted of 2 patties,cheese, lettuce, tomato, and a thousand island sauce on a soft delicious bun ($7.29 for the combo). Wow! The burger was so juicy and tasty on it's own, I didn't even need anything else to go with it. 

However, the burger came with a pile of shoestring french fries that were seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly.I never eat all of my fries as I usually save my room for the burger and soft drink. Until now! I put those things down and took it as personal challenge to finish every last one. 

Then, my wife had to mention dessert. Hah? No way! Oh, OK! Did someone say PBC & B sundae? Vanilla custard , Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, banana, whipped cream & cherry-sounds good right? My wife and I split the mini sundae ($3.59), and it was plenty. But then again, I was full long before the sundae arrived.
Freddy's has amazing burgers!! Their steak burgers wrapped in lettuce are full of flavor I personally love jalapeos in mine... The service is just as good as the food and on top of that they have custard! The custard is a dessert I recommend you leave room for.. The only thing I dislike are the fries I am not a huge fan of the shoestring style French fry but their burger  is so good I can look past the fries :)
My fiance and I found Freddy's after stopping at Serene & Eastern, looking over at In-N-Out and thinking oh no, not again. We wanted something different so we started aimlessly driving down Eastern and we looked over and saw Freddy's. A couple of sharp turns into the parking lot, a check of the Yelp app, then a look at the menu and we're like let's try it. 

We mentioned it was our first time there and the service was helpful without being overly so. We ended up ordering a regular steakburger and a California steakburger, onion rings and the shoestring fries, along with a regular drink for me and a strawberry shake. 

We loved it all. There wasn't a bad item in the bag. And their food is the closest I've found to my favorite super old school hamburger place back in Kansas City. 

Sometimes you just want a good hamburger...and great fries or onion rings. Freddy's hit the spot for us, and we will be back.
My Freddy's experiences are like high school dating. The first time out was awesome. It was like she could do no wrong and everything was good. But the second date, or in this case a visit is the one where you quickly learn she's not a keeper and she's got some real annoyances that makes you glad when she gets out of the car and you can drive away. I like Freddy's...the hamburgers are flavorful and the service is fast, but things are not quite as they should be. The California steakburgers sound good but beyond the steakburger itself it's just lacking flavor. Perhaps changing the toppings might help. And the onion rings this time were hard to chew, and in one case didn't seem to be quite fully cooked as if the staff was rushing the orders. 

But as I write this I have to call out their concrete as a failure. When I think of a concrete for dessert my mind instantly compares it with one of America's standardbearers, Ted Drewes frozen custard off Historic Route 66 in St. Louis, Missouri. They offer a simple test for a concrete. Turn the cup upside down. If it stays put it's legit. If it starts to run and drip it's a pretender. My Freddy's cup maybe got to 120 degrees of rotation before failing miserably. And while the Hawaiian was supposed to have pineapple and macadamia nuts and other goodies in it, this concrete was boring. So much so that I dumped it in the trash. 

Will I go back? Yeah, but In-N-Out will likely see my car in their drivethrough ordering Animal style before Freddy's does. 

3 Stars. Sorry but it's the best I can give.
Great Burgers and delicious Custard!!! Best fast food burger in Vegas much better than In and Out... Don't forget extra freddy's Sauce
I just happened to be in the area and decided to try Freddy's for lunch. I had high hopes for this place, I really did. The aroma in the parking lot was enticing. The restaurant itself is clean and neat. I ordered the patty melt and my daughter had the kid's burger. I thought the burgers themselves were great. The fries looked delicious,. I was sorely disappointed. The sheer amount of salt used on these fries rendered them inedible. My little girl is a french fry fanatic and barely touched hers. They were almost painful to eat. I was approached by a server and asked if I would like to try the fry salt. Um, no. I feel like I'm already dipping chunks of a salt lick in ketchup. The concretes and other goodies looked yummy, maybe next time we'll just go for treats and not lunch. The staff seemed very friendly and the service was good.
Its a cool old school spot great for kids and family
First off we were 5 guys fans. Good food but overpriced. Freddys is fantastic. The burgers are very flavorful. Also they do have shoestring fries which are good but wish they were a tad bigger. You get a pile of fries an they are great but they are small. The Fry Sauce is fantastic. It even tastes great on the burgers.  The customer service is great. They come around to all the tables an check on you, take your trash and make sure you dont need anything.  My wifes had the Patty melt and Ive had several different burgers and all have been very good.  
Now on to the Dessert. I have had several of the sundaes. All were very good. I am not a huge fan of the concrete as all the flavors are mixed together an find it hard to have the satisfaction of tasting different flavors separate. But it is very tasty nonetheless.  This is a great place to eat.  The food is always hot an very good. The custard is fresh and tasty. Customer service is great. I would definitely tell you to stop by and try some food. Its Good!  The prices are normal for this type of fast food. Comparable to In n Out but less than 5 guys.
Last Saturday, my husband and I were hungry and we aware on our way to Montesano's for pizza when I saw Freddy's in the old, failed Faziolis space at Silverado Ranch. Let me start out by saying that I DO NOT LIKE SNS AT ALL. So I would never compare Freddy's to them. Would you compare a watermelon to a grape?   No. In short we LOVED Freddy's! Service? Fantastic. Speed of service? Lightening. Food? OUT-EFFING-STANDING! I like Five Guys and In-n-Out, actually, I love In-n-Out. But here is what Freddy's does that Five Guys doesn't have or In-n-Out doesn't do...charge extra for a shake instead of a soda. A beverage is a beverage, end of story.  For those who gave Freddy's a less than exuberant review, I implore you to try them again! This doula will be feeding on Freddy's frequently! YUMMO,
Ended up going here because it replaced Fazoli's. I ordered the double California burger. Pretty much the nastiest, greasiest burger I've ever had. The bottom bun was so soaked with grease, I had to take it off and eat it upside-down. I ended up throwing out three-quarters of it and still feel like I might vomit. The shoestring fries were alright but I was so disgusted by the burger, I could not finish them. My husband said that his double cheeseburger was also pretty gross. All in all, I can say that we were both very disappointed and definitely will not eat here again.
Good day friends! CFC here with YET ANOTHER restaurant review!

You all know by now that I'm a Chicago transplant, so when I saw a sign advertising "Chicago style Hotdogs" while driving down Eastern in search of feed... I immediately thought, "Oh no. This is dangerous. If they screw this up I'm going to have go on Yelp and TEAR em' apart! Don't me do this!" and I'll do it... I've done it!  

But, thankfully, this didn't have to happen.  :-)

I'll say flat out that the hotdog wasn't "Gene & Judes good", but it was definitely good. As soon as I took the first bite, a memory swept across my mind... leaving Hot Doug's on California, hooking a right on Addison, I was heading home again! The right toppings, which of course includes pretty much everything but ketchup (don't you dare), a nice buttered up bun and most importantly... the right kind of dog. You have to hear the "break"... and you do! Real Chicago Hotdog lovers know exactly what I mean by "hearing the break".

The fries were just alright. I tend to like a thicker french fry so I'm not going to dock them for that as it's a matter of personal preference. I will definitely be back for the dogs and I will be trying the steakburger and frozen custard next time. 

Regards,
CFC
I love this place. My girl and I went on a Saturday night and to our surprise the drive thru was empty. I ordered a classic Freddy's double steakburger combo w/fries and a drink, and a pbc frozen custard. My preggo lady had a bowl of chili, a chocolate shake and a large fries( sounds like a pregnant cocktail to me). Came out to $19.30, kinda pricey but it was worth it. Their burgers are juicy and all the toppings including the classic burger bun were fresh to def. they gave us a lot of fries and we both ordered regular size. The fries were probably the best fast food fries I EVER had. Yeah I said the best I EVER had. The frozen custard was great as well, I'm not a big fan of FC but they made it amazing. The PBC had bits of choc. Chips and peanut butter and real banana in it. My girl couldn't eat the chili, it was to much for her, but she said it was great and I agree with what I tasted. Real homemade chili not any processed meat or sauce. I'll be back to Freddy's to try the Cali burger. Also ask for fry sauce, there's is amazing, homemade! And the service was fast and friendly. If You have a love for steakburgers, you will come here. Great place and personally I think in n out has some competition.
Just went with my husband and brother tonight for about the 3rd time-We LOVE this place!!!  Every time we go, the food is good and the staff is very friendly, and it's always very clean.  I'm pretty picky about my burgers, but even when I don't feel like a burger these always taste good.  I definitely recommend this place for their frozen custard or hamburgers and fries!
Their exterior made me want to go in. The red and yellow made me salivate. 

The guy at the counter looked tired. I ordered a california burger. The beef was very flat. The lettuce was 14 times thicker than the beef. 

The french fries were shoestring-like which is a good thing but overly salted which is not..

I went home with a mild tummy ache.

Not sure I'd go back.
I am so glad they opened a Freddy's here in town. My mom lives in San Antonio and she raves about how she loves Freddy's patty melt. Unfortunately the last time I visited her, we had so many other places to try and never got to Freddy's. I mean, when faced with the choice of a puffy taco in TX or a burger in TX, the taco will win every time. 

So I brought my family here a few months ago and we all enjoyed our food immensely. As my poetic husband wrote in his review (Ray L.), it was "fat pants" worthy. The meat in the burger is not like the other places around here. It just screams "Hey! someone made me on a real flat top grill and I'm hella good!". With the yumminess of the burger, the deliciousness of the fries, what else can a girl ask for? Dessert...Oh Yeah!

I get the PBC&B every time. I want to try the brownie sundae but can't get myself to switch. My fam and I always leave this place feeling overstuffed and super satisfied. The staff is friendly, the food is fresh, and prices a right.

I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to take a big bite of heaven disguised as a burger.
I don't go here too often -- usually for lunch with a friend that works in the area -- but when I do go it's always a pleasant experience.  Both times I got the fries and I ADORE them.

Customer service is great!  Everyone is friendly, and they'll even clean your table for you.  I know some fast food places are picking up on that and it's a cool feature.

This place reminds me a lot of Steak 'n' Shake, but seeing as I lived in Texas for several years I do like SnS better.  However, Freddy's is certainly nothing to shake a stick at.  Easier location to get to and plenty of seating for all!  Their prices are higher than SnS but they also have a drive-thru (huge plus).

Taste-wise, I enjoy it.  I've had the fries, fries sauce, and burgers.  Those three are pretty darn tasty.  I definitely could NOT eat here every day because the meals are heavy (I ate around 2:30 pm and now 6 and some change hours later I still feel it in my tummy), but it's great to relax and get a bite with a friend.

Want to try their chili cheese fries... Perhaps next time.  Mmm I love chili cheese fries.
If you love mustard, you'll love this place.
Very good double steak burger and I must say the fries were really good, food was still hot when I got home!
yum! such good food and custard! i definitely recommend this to anyone who loves a good burger and fries!
awesome place for burgers and shake! Had the patty melt and a shake and everything hit the spot.  Good alternative to steak and shake if you don't feel like walking through a casino or waiting in line.
I love the fries and seasoning. Burgers were great! The Chicago dog was tasty, but not a true Chicago dog. The bun is a slice of bread.... lol
If you like steak burgers and actually know what that is 
Don't hesitate.   Freddy's is a better version of Steak & Shake 

The Chili Fries are on point and the Burger is everything 
A Steak Burger is suppose to be 
But the Star of the show is The Turtle Shake 
Even if you just order Shake its worth the trip 

Customer Service is awesome 
Good alternative to In & Out
K.I.S.S.
This is one of our quick weekend spots when we're craving junk food. The shoestring fries are perfectly crisp and they have a great veggie burger for non-meat eaters. We've never tried the custard so I can't attest to that aspect of the restaurant, but their special sauce and seasoning salt keeps us coming back. The prices are great too!
Look elsewhere for frozen custard. The vanilla tasted like McDonalds & the chocolate tasted like Wendy's frosty. Horrible!!
Delicious hamburgers, hot dogs, and fries!   A bit pricy, but once in a while it is worth it!!!!
This place is nothing extraordinary that would make me rush back. The guy at the counter asked if it was our first time at the restaurant, to which we replied that it was. He was upbeat and very friendly while he explained the concept and different menu offerings. I opted for the California burger with cheese fries. The burger was very bland. The cheese on the fries was the cheap melted cheddar cheese that reminded me of old high school cafeteria lunch cheese. I wouldn't opt for this place again. The price was higher than average burger joint like In N Out. The stars are mainly for the friendly employee and clean/spacious restaurant.
Order two of the single combos.  The steak burgers come with mustard, pickle and onion on a plain toasted bun.  The burgers are smashed flat like we would do at home, a little crispy at the edges, moist but not greasy, made to order and piping hot.  The shoestring fries are worth a trip back.  Hot, crispy and I could eat a basket of these alone.  Our order came to just over eleven dollars for the combos and that includes medium refillable drinks.

Had to try the custard, so ordered the turtle sundae.  The small cup looked a little well, small, at the counter but is very adequate.  The turtle comes with caramel, pecans, hot fudge and the richest creamiest custard I've had.  

Definitely worth a trip back.  The burgers are good, not great but good.  The custard is outstanding.  Four stars.
Once again, one of the best burger places in town. It's review is focused on the new fish sandwich and fish and chips. Fish sandwiches are all the rave right now infant food restaurants. McDonalds started with the fish sandwich many years ago and others have followed suit. Without commenting on any other fish sandwiches, Freddy's fish sandwich is among the top of the list. Crispy, hot and full of flavor, this sandwich is two pieces of fish in a fried batter, served on a toasted white bun with a slice of cheese and a "Freddy's" sauce (tasted like 1000 island). 
On this day, I chose the sandwich and the fish and chips. I hope these two items become part of the regular menu. Both are worth the money and a great addition to the already amazing menu.
If I were to give one piece of criticism, it would be the pricing for the hot dogs. The dogs are pretty spendy. Although they a delicious, there is just no value for the hot dogs.
If you're going to eat at a fast food restaurant, skip the chain places and go to Freddy's. Simple food done well, good pricing, and some of the friendliest employees in Las Vegas. Keep up the good work Freddy's.
Im glad I didnt have high expectations based on the 4 star average rating. I ordered the Double California Steak Burger Combo. It came with shoestring fries and a drink. The burger itself was not as big as I thought since there were two patties. It's about the same size as an In n Out Double Double, only In n Out's has a little more veggies. The patties themselves were a bit salty and just a tad overcooked. The fries were your average shoe string. The Freddy's sauce and special seasoning is what probably allowed me to finish the fries.

What is making me give them 3 stars instead of 2 is the dessert they are known for! Frozen Custard! From their menu you can have it either as a Sundae or Concrete (milkshake form). I ordered the PBC n B Sundae. Comes in mini, medium, or large. Im glad I got the mini cuz I could not finish it! The PBC n B consists of a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, Sliced Bananas, Frozen Vanilla Custard, Whipped Cream, and a single Cherry on top. (refer to my pic!) They have other tantalizing flavors as well which is probably the only saving grace in coming back here.

Service is friendly as evidenced by the smiles and attention I received at the counter. Prices average about 7 to 8 bucks if you want a decent meal to fill you up. The overall size of the place is very spacious with enough tables and booths. The bathrooms are a nice size and is actually pretty clean.

Overall, its an ok burger place. For you peeps with a sweet tooth, the desserts will always hit the spot here. If anything, make this place as your go to dessert place after having dinner somewhere else.
Freddy's burgers and fries hit the spot.  Always.  The concept and food is very similar to Steak n Shake - but I think the burgers might be better here!  

In a twist of burger irony, we tried to eat at In-N-Out burger on Easter Sunday night  around 6pm, but they were closed. So we headed for Freddy's because burgers and fries were calling our name.  The California burger has a sauce similar to thousand island dressing - which is my favorite burger.  The fries are shoestring style.  

If you don't want too many fries, then share a plate.  Each burger comes with a gazillion fries - you can easily save money by sharing one order. The kids meals also come with a gazillion fries, so skip the kids meal and just order a  solo burger and share your fries with the kiddos!  

For my 3-year old and myself, we walked out feeling very full for a mere $12.  Freddy's is a very family friendly place.  The staff is always super nice!
My new favorite burger joint. TOPS IN N OUT!!!!!!! The steak burgers are delicious! and the fries with the Freddy's sauce is divine. I wish California had a Freddy's!! You have to try their frozen custard if you ever come in! Dang it now I'm getting hungry..
I, as well, am glad I didn't have high expectations.  There is hardly anything to the hamburger, which were very flat and charred on the edges.  The onion rings where slightly better but not the best onion rings that I have every had.  How about some more meat to those burgers.
I thought I already wrote a review for Freddy's and thought it just got filtered but nope.  Even thought I had a picture and a tip but nope.  Was I imagining my whole Freddy's experience?  Anyways I am a fan of their good.  It seems like more of these amazing burger spots are coming here. 

Their burgers were mighty tasty.  You can order singles, doubles, and triples.  As originals (pickles, onion, cheese and mustard), in California style (onion, tomato, lettuce, cheese, and thousand island sauce), or however which way you wanted it.  Just expect it to be a little messy when you eat it.  I've had the Double Steakburger California style and the Original Double Patty Melt both very very delicious.  Not a fan of shoestring fries but they were well made.  It should be more of a topping added to the burger and piled with fry sauce that's at least how I do it.

It gets incredibly packed during lunch, good luck finding a seat.  A bunch of us from work came here and we ended up seating at random table that freed up.  We probably sat at 4 different tables scattered throughout the dining area.  There are a lot of seats but it just gets busy.  They do have a drive thru. I don't like their booths they are long and can fit a bunch of people but everyone has to get out for if the person closest to the wall needs to get out.  Because it gets busy during lunch, this one time they must have mopped but didn't place those caution signs and I slipped but didn't fall.  I was holding the food tray and my food was sliding freely on my tray.  Try balancing your food on a tray while not falling on but sliding all over the place on a slippery surface.  Would've been one hell of a mess.

I still have to go back for their custards and milkshakes but it is getting warmer so maybe tomorrow.
I love this place!  I tried it for the first time yesterday because my husband wanted something quick but different.  It's bright, roomy, and there's plenty of seating inside, and there's a drive through if you want to grab and run.  The service was fast and friendly.  The employees wouldn't even let us throw away our own trash! lol  The burgers were fresh and delicious.  I may like this place better than five guys for quick burgers!  The fries are shoestring and very tasty.  Especially with some of their seasoning.  The custard is smooth, creamy, and delicious.  And the prices are so reasonable.  I think of getting a frozen treat at a place like cold stone and, although it's like comparing apples and oranges, I enjoy custard SO much more and it's usually so much cheaper!  We'll definitely return and so glad we finally tried.
Great tasting steakburgers and delicious frozen custard...My fav is Hawaian Delight Sundae or Concrete (blended)
went to freddy's in victorville,  ca i had the classic double cheese combo the shoestring style fries are great the buger was not pink cooked perfect and the custsrd sunday was wonderfull im a fan will try the vegas store when i get home 4 stars.
Average Burgers and Fries, The Custard is Delicious and I always have to get the Passion Fruit Tea my favorite.
This place left me with a really good first impression. The burgers are the bomb! The patties are juicy with a well-seasoned flavor and have this nice crisp around the edges. The interior is clean with large booths and ample seating. Much nicer ambience than your run-of-the-mill fastfood joint. The custard was good but not the best I've had. Nevertheless, it's a nice finish to the meal.
I had only tried this place once before on the way back home from California and boy was i pleased. Great burgers and a change of pace from the regular burger franchise. Delicious burgers, awesome chili fries and mouthwatering custard. Love the simplicity if the food, less is definitely more here! Drove all the way from the east side of town to get it.
First time we have had Freddy's!

Not sure what the hype is all about truthfully...the burger was good, but I think I prefer In N Out myself!

What WAS good though....the Vienna all beef hot dog on a butter toasted bun + fries! Sitting on a delicious Raising-Canes-like butter toast...The bread was so good and the hotdog full of flavor, that I didn't even put condiments on it! It's good enough completely plain jane!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/freddys-frozen-custard-and-steakburgers-las-vegas?select=bC8jpNtxPAf_pUtBXxEQxw

We didn't get to try the custard, since I wanted to go to Nielsen's right down the street! Glad I did...it was excellent!

Good food here, just don't drive 45min like I did and expect anything better than InO :(
Myself and my family love this place. Good food, great service! Clean! I love the burgers (YES more then InNOut) The hotdogs are great too. I love the fries with cheese sauce YUM. The custard is smooth and creamy!  5 Stars from us.
Wow! This was my first time here! I had the signature turtle custard and it was soooo good!!!
My easiest description... Dairy Queen meets In&Out Burger.
However, Freddy's has earned their own category.

The frozen custard alone is worth the trip! 
There is nothing that comes close to the richness and creamy texture of their frozen treats.
The shakes come with with a straw big enough to launch a cashew through (when you are done drinking).

PLUS, they have hot dogs and Philly steak sandwiches too. 
If you order a burger, make sure to get a double or triple. 
The single patty burgers are great for the little ones.

Did I mention that the frozen custard alone is worth the trip???
If you have a soft serve ice cream fetish, this is your place!
Caution! This place IS addictive.
has become one of our favorites. always always always good service. never had a disappointing meal. burgers good, generous fries. mango tea is good. gotta have some freddy sauce (like thousand island, good on fries and i am sure it is healthy.) dont forget to try a custard, hawaiian, turtle and brownie are tasty. i prefer the sundae as opposed to the concrete except around thanksgiving they do a pumpkin pie concrete which is very nice.
Last Saturday, my husband and I were hungry and we aware on our way to Montesano's for pizza when I saw Freddy's in the old, failed Faziolis space at Silverado Ranch. Let me start out by saying that I DO NOT LIKE SNS AT ALL. So I would never compare Freddy's to them. Would you compare a watermelon to a grape?   No. In short we LOVED Freddy's! Service? Fantastic. Speed of service? Lightening. Food? OUT-EFFING-STANDING! I like Five Guys and In-n-Out, actually, I love In-n-Out. But here is what Freddy's does that Five Guys doesn't have or In-n-Out doesn't do...charge extra for a shake instead of a soda. A beverage is a beverage, end of story.  For those who gave Freddy's a less than exuberant review, I implore you to try them again! This doula will be feeding on Freddy's frequently! YUMM!
Cracker jack concrete is really good. Went through the drive thru so by the time I got home in this heat it was half melted. No problem I used a straw and spoon. I also have to say every time we have come here the food has been great from the fish, chicken and burgers to the custard. Love the fries and that fry sauce they give you OMG! the best to me its better than ranch :) The employees have always been nice and helpful and they even gave us extra straws to take home to our cat who LOVES to play with them!!!
They are open 7 days a week from 10:30 am to 10 or 11 pm.
Give it a try I think you will be happy.
It's like eating in the 70's. . . Has awesome Custard, and it's original. I am not  a fan of the burger * the patty is not my style * but it's still tasty. . . The hot dog was a  normal hot dog, but it's like something I would cook at home, so it's got that comfort food feel to it. I enjoyed the home feeling from the employees, it's a joint that serves up some fast food. I don't often eat at these types of places, but it was for a good reason, and im glad I did.
I'm not going to lie, I go here for the desserts. My favorite are the Oreo concrete and the chocolate shakes made the right way (vanilla custard and chocolate syrup). Amazing way to cool off on a warm Vegas day.
If you don't like the burgers or fries here you better just stick with your favorite, Burger King right? By far the best. Even a tad better than In n Out.
Ordered the #7.  Bacon and cheese double steak burger, fries, and drink. 

Folks, I am in a burger quandary here.  I may have to move up Freddy's over my beloved Fatburger because it was that good.  

The fries are insanely good.  Why?  Super thin cut shoestring fries that are nice and crisp.  They are not shy on portions either.

Fast service in a packed location.  Nice job Freddy!
Good burger, clean restaurant and fast excellent service. Heavy appetites should order extra meat. The fries are crispy, tasty, but once again I do not like those shoestring/angel hair french fries. We ordered our food and sat down, but within a few minutes a tidal wave of diners came in and the line was huge, but to the credit of the crew the line vanished within a few minutes, they got their routine down! When we were done someone even came by and took our tray for us! The prices are very reasonable too, just over $10 for both of us (we shared our fries). We'll try the ice cream and shakes next time. Good place good place!
The food was good so was the service everyone very friendly but I didnt think there was a wow factor. Its way better than a burger king or a Mcdonalds. 

1. I tried one of there New mexico hatch chilli burger that was good and spicey (seasonal burger)

2. tried there regular burger they only put mustard on it, wish they put ketchup but you can do that yourself. 

3. the fries are shoe string but thinner, didnt care for then that much.

4. The frozen custard was good, didnt notice any difference from nielsons down the street.

Overall good but not great tasting, I will go again and try the California style burger next time.
Never heard of it and friends took me there.  Liked the joint. had a 50's feel.  The hatch chili burger was fantastic but didn't care for shoestring fries.  Friendly people and was clean.  Will go back but there's only one in the valley.
Other reviewers are spot on in their description of Freddy's. Great burgers. Really good fries and chilli fries, hotdogs, and chicken.. And the frozen custard is awesome. Combine that with super-friendly staff and you've got a recipe for successes. They are head and shoulders above In n Out and 5 Guys. I don't know of another burger place in town better than Freddy's. We stop by this place nearly every time we're in the Silverado Ranch area and will continue to do so. If you're anywhere near Freddy's, you have to stop in and try it.
3.5 stars.

Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers is apparently known for their burgers and custard, but I haven't tried either! The first visit I only ordered fries because I'm not into burgers and wasn't too hungry. I also hit up the drive-thru on my first visit so I still wasn't sure what Freddy' s was all about and since hubby was in the mood for a burger I suggested we go back and try this place again. Since Freddy' s promotes Chicago dogs outside their building and the fact that they use vienna all beef hot dogs, I figured they were based out of Chicago. Nope! Freddy' s started in Wichita, KS. The burgers are fresh, never frozen and grilled to order. Custard is churned fresh daily at each location. I will try the custard on the next visit!

This visit though, I ordered a "Chili Cheese Dog" priced at $3.89 and "Chili Cheese Fries" priced at $3.59. The hot dog, all beef, was topped with chili, cheese and onions. I enjoyed it! The chili cheese fries were much bigger then I expected. The fries are shoestring and covered in chili, cheese and onions. I liked that nacho cheese sauce was used and I love shoestring fries, but the fries were soggy from not being hearty enough to hold all of the toppings. I'm a fan of onions rings so I ordered some priced at $2.29 and found them to be pretty good. The onion rings weren't as thick as I would like, but they were big round-wise and cooked just right. Hubby ordered a double "Hatch Green Chili Burger" priced at $5.49 and he enjoyed it. 

The inside was clean and the employees friendly.
I have returned several times after my initial visit and I have to say, I haven't enjoyed really any of the food I've tried so far. Chicken sandwich was bland, veggie burger was bland, burger was bland, fries were bland, hot dog was bland. I see a common thread amongst the food. The only thing I really like and actually return for are the concretes and one in particular. I enjoy the Hawaiian Delight.  They have a drive thru so if I'm coming here, that's why.

I'll skip the food from now on.
This was a different experience. I can't say I have ever had a burger like the one I had here. I can't say I ever saw one that looked like it either. The burger didn't look appetizing when I first opened it. The burger just looks different. I went with the hatch green chili burger. It had grilled hatch chilies, grilled onions, mustard and cheese. The burger tasted pretty good. The grilled chilies and onions tasted nice together. My wife had a chili cheese dog and we split an order of chili cheese fries. I took a bite of the chili dog and liked it. The chili cheese fries were just okay, it was more like chili and cheese soup with a few fries floating in it. 

The dude that took my order was nice and the place appeared clean. They have bathrooms but I didn't visit them.

There is a drive thru.
This is NO regular fast food burger joint!  Their staff has great character and are quick to take care overall, their humble service was awesome!  Their whole environment was pretty nice! clean bathrooms (yay!) and a well kept up parking lot! I was surprised to see a drive-thru! then again... this is Vegas! how awesome is that!  but I'm not lazy, I like to take my time when I can and enjoy what I paid for! lol!!!

As far as the food went:  YUM-O!  I love the lil fries and to top it off that crazy sauce!!! lol  the fries had MY right amount of salt! (I'm downing lots of water tonight! lol)  so, if you don't like too much salt, hey! mention it!!  you'll get fresh fries I bet!
the steak burger single was what I ordered. it was just right for me, but now I know when I come back hungry: double it plz!!  I got all but the onions... usually I don't do the pickles... but I figured, why not!  and boy did that make a yummy difference! it was snappy!  I like the clean counter access of big humongous over size foster family size ketchup to top my burger any which way possible!!! :-)  lol!!  

I like the variety a lot! Since I am cutting back on my splurging, I didn't try the custard... but! that means another reason to go back!  momma always said, ice cream never goes bad in the winter, I'm assuming that goes for Custard!   
so, when winter comes, I will be swinging by!  hopefully, they'll be playing some 50's rock n roll to change the mood!  thumbs up!
Well run restaurant. I didn't know how good a steak burger was until I stopped by here for lunch. A must try! Very clean and friendly.
I expected more. The burgers were dry, salty and didn't have anything special about them. Their supposedly "addictive" fry sauce is an over hyped 1000 Island dressing, that should be slathered on all their burgers if it's that special. The shoestring fries were good and generous portion. The restaurant itself had a Diner type feel. Looking at the diners will tell you that if you've seen the inside of a gym lately, you shouldn't be eating at Freddy's. Last night was about rebelling a little,  but given the quality and taste of the food,  I could have made a more satisfying choice of places to indulge.
Their service was very friendly, leading me to think they hired a good group and/or Freddy's treats their employees right.
They need to change the name to Freddy's Frozen Custard, Steakburgers, and Chili Cheese Fries! LOL - seriously the Chili Cheese Fries were the bomb! My son and I went with the double w/ bacon combo (upgraded the fries) and it came with a refillable beverage for about $8 each. Great portion size, quality, and service for a great price! It gets better, they also have a drive thru! My kinda place!
Awesome burger, fries, and service!!!  Burger was perfectly cooked with just the right amount of juiciness.  $7 for a combo meal with double burger.
The burgers are decent, and the concrete's are great. I like that if you order a concrete or sundae they will hold it back till you are ready for it so it won't melt. Another thing about the concrete's are that they are huge. The few times we've been there I've needed to share the smallest size because it is too much custard.

The unfortunate side to Freddy's in my opinion is that their chili tastes canned (I know it's from a can, but not everywhere tastes like straight up Hormel chili from a can, which is nasty), the fries suck and are flavorless, unless greasy is the flavor you are going for, and if you order the chili cheese fries they come standard with a gross cheese sauce and in order to get real cheese you have to psychically know that real cheese is an option that you can ask for. 

Honestly this place is ok, not great, but definitely better than the other steak burger and shake place near it.
First time I came here I had a cheeseburger. Very good but will order a double next time, patty was very thin. Next time I had a hot dog. O....M...G!! Fantastic! They serve it on texas toast which adds to the flavor of the hot dog. Next visit I ordered a chili cheese dog no onions. WHOA!!! I didn't think the hot dog could taste any better but it did!!! I like the shoestring fries. I tried chili cheese fries but they not only use shredded cheese but also the cheese sauce, I could do without the sauce. Overall I love Freddy's!!! YUMMY!!!
My wife and I heard a lot about Freddy's and decided to give it a try. On our arrival the dinning room was busy adding to my anticipation.

I ordered the #1 which is Freddy's original double burger with cheese. When it arrived I was disappointed with the portion.  Where's the beef! Although the burger was flavorful the patties were similarly sized as cold cuts. There was way more bun than burger.

Freddy's is a good choice and I would return if I was on the area. However, with that said I would not drive out of my way as I was disappointed.
I was in the area getting my fill of Freed's Bakery when we decided to stop in and try out this place.
Honestly I was blown away by the service we received upon entering we were greeted by various people. Once getting up to the register we were helped by a guy named Aaron. He provided service with a smile and answered all our questions about the menu, not only did he have tons of patience but he also made sure we got the best deal possible. After we were all rung up he realized we had never tried their custard and brought us some samples of the different flavors. They were all DELICIOUS . My Mother and Daughter loved the vanilla custard and my son and I were big fans of the chocolate. For our meals my Mom got a Patty Melt which I took a bite of and was pleasantly surprised at how delicious their burger patties were. I got myself a Chicago dog to try. It was so good not only was the flavor combo awesome the hot dog bun was cooked to perfection. Both my kids also enjoyed their kids meals which came with tons of fries. I would of gone back to this place just for the service alone but now I plan to come back to enjoy some more yummy food and next time I plan to save room for dessert.
I had just moved to Henderson from out of state and I was looking for new places to try. Freddy's looked like a fun place so I put it on my list .
This place is awesome! Great food, love the skinny fries, great service, very friendy, great prices. This place is now on my Saturday afternoons must do list.
Although I didn't go for the food the Frozen Custard was BomB... So I know the food won't disappoint me when I return :D I'll be back!!!
Sorry, but I have to knock off a star from my other review.  I have been here several times.  The last time I went, it was a late Friday night, and I wanted a concrete.  I decided to go inside, we were the only ones in the place.  Didn't get that overly welcome feeling I always get when I come here.  I got the Turtle concrete and hubby got the M&M concrete.  When we came home, it was hardly blended at all!  The yummy chocolatety goodness, pecans on mine were at the bottom, same for the M&M's in hubby's concrete.  I told the cashier it was to go, but we got the overflowing cup and had to ask for a lid.  Not cool at all.  But, since it is tasty, I will give them the benefit of the doubt and chalk it up to an off night.
Tried the chili fries... its an all meat chili which was good because i don't like the ones that are full of beans. Also tried the chicken strips and frozen custard. Overall food was good. We didn't eat inside we went through the drive thru and the service was great and speedy. I still prefer Steak n Shake better.
Freddy's is near our home-we eat there about 1-2 times a month. The food is consistant.  The employees are friendly.  The steakburgers are paper thin. The chili and chili dogs are really not that good in my opinion.  Pattymelts are decent.  Sundaes are really good!
I just want to say Freddy's is the bomb-diggity! Awesomely good Steakburgers. They are like no other!  They give you a ton of yummy crispy fry's. I haven't even been able to get to the treats. Great friendly service from Ryan this last time!  The service is consistently superb!
It was very clean inside. I'm a mom so I inspect mostly everything. As we walked in, I explained to the cashier that it was our first time and to please give me time to look at the menu. He was so nice to explain everything to us. I have 2 young kids are they are pretty picky eaters. My son had no problems finding something to eat. My daughter, I've never seen her eat with such gusto. It was nice to have a nice family meal together. The burgers themselves are a different story. I really enjoyed the fact that the meat was skinny. It made feeding the kids easy. The taste was good. A bit on the messy side, but in my opinion, that makes a better burger. The shakes, I says have one to start with and a custard to end!
First time coming here but won't be my last...thin cut fries are excellent, burger patties are cooked to perfection...dining area has that comfortable diner feel to it...customer service is phenominal...recommend this place to anyone.
Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers has a drive thru! That may have honestly been my big reason for coming here - try some place new and too lazy to get out of the car to get it. I'm so glad I went here though because the food is rocking.

I ordered a Single Steakburger California Style (steakburger patty, Freddy's Sauce, cheese, onions, lettuce and tomato) with a large shoestring fries and a small Chocolate Brownie Delight Concrete for dessert (chocolate custard, hot fudge, brownie, and whipped cream with a cherry on top). I had ordered this separately, but the lady at the drive thru made it a combo to make it a little cheaper for me.

Actually, the best part was how great and friendly that lady at the drive thru was. I was very surprised. She was bubbly and patient as I ordered for myself and the passengers in my car. A really close second was how delicious and filling my food was when I got home. I was stuffed and I enjoyed every bite of food I ate. And now that I've written this review, I want to go back and buy some food here (but alas, it's closed right now). Yum!
Solid little sit down spot, when you feel like dining in for some decent food but want something better than a fast food joint.

I've had the steak burger, a little thin on the patty, but great flavor and prepared well.

The chili cheese dog was ok and the chicken tenders are solid.

Custard was pretty good, think it's something that I'll have to get used to.

Now to my favorite item, the chili cheese fries, they're awesome.  Great tasting chili with nacho cheese sauce on the top of some shoestring fries. Could eat just those for a meal, great portion size.

Staff is great. Saw manager and assistant manager walking through bussing the tables and checking on  customers.

It's a "go to" spot for me.
Wanted to give a shout out to Aaron. Great customer service and very friendly. He made our time at Freddy's very enjoyable.Thanks Aaron for the wonderful service.

The steak burger was awesome and really enjoyed the chocolate ice cream with brownie concrete .
My absolute favorite place. It's up there next  to In n Out lol 
First lets start with the customer service since they are always so nice and cheerful when I walk in like they missed me or something. On our first visit there they gave us a free custard and they come around and take your trash, it's the little things that matter. 

Second the steak burger is quite amazing I leave it original and love my fries crispy. The fries my just be my favorite they are thin and crispy and not greasy. I also like their hot dogs they are amazing I can't even describe. 

Then finally their custards are like little cups of heaven. Something like ice cream but smoother and with tons of extra toppings. 

Overall a great place to eat and take the family.
Ok so finally had the chance to try out their burgers. As I predicted their food wouldn't disappoint me. The double steak with cheese burger was Awesome... Yup im going to start coming back...
When Freddy's first open I would have given them 5 stars.  The food was great and the place was packed every day.

Ever since the opening team and trainers left it has gone downhill and is not packed any more.

It is still better than McD's and Burger King, but I don't go there either.
Freddys hands down has some of the best shakes/concreates/custard is LV and NV for that matter.  That mind you, is comming from someone born and raised in Wisconsin which is know for their shakes/malts and custard, thinlk Leon's and Copp's in Milwaukee. I usually like to try the vanilla shake because vanilla is kind of a litmus test.  If the vanilla they serve is good all the other flavors will inevidebelty be good. I got a mino choc shake which was as good as anything you will find in wisconsin. Also tried the oreo concrete which isn't quite as good as dairyqueens blizzard, but still very good. 

  So now on to the food lol, I had the chilli cheese fries and a single steakburger w/ onoins ketchup and mmustard.  The burgers are very good the best part of it is the nice thin pattie which is crispy and kind of burnt on the edges which I really like. Reminds me of 5 guys patties. The bun isn't exaclty my fave, I prefer true german thin hard rolls.  But regardless the bun is stil fresh and good.  The chilli cheese fries are great, more or less shoestring(really really thing) fries with a cheese sauce which is pretty good and not artificial tasting at all likke a lot of cheesse fries from other places tend to be. All the other toppings seemed to be of good quality and tasted good.  Overall, I have found a new fave joint to go to 3 or 4 times a month.  I really like it that much.  Of and also they really have increible service and get your food out crazy quick.
After posting my initial review I received a message from a Freddy's executive.
We had a great chat.
I have to leave my rating the same, as I have not been back yet, but the exec asked me nicely to return, as they have fixed purveyor and employee problems... hope so!
Super delicious frozen custard sundaes!

The (Hawaiian Delight) frozen custard sundae was so good, my husband and I came back the following day and brought along my in-laws along to try it!

I did knock a star off for the patty melt and chili cheese fries that I had tried on our first visit which I thought were just "meh-okay tasting," but like I said the frozen custard is so good it didn't stop us from coming back. 

Our kids enjoyed the Dirt 'N Worms sundaes (vanilla custard, Oreo crumbles, gummy worms, whipped cream and a cherry) and Chocolate Shakes. 

The Hawaiian Delight sundae consisted of yummy vanilla custard, pineapple, strawberry, coconut, macadamia nuts, whipped cream and a cherry. I also tried the PBC & B sundae (vanilla custard, Reese's peanut butter cup pieces, bananas, whipped cream and a cherry) which was tasty as well but not as great as the Hawaiian Delight.
Ok, so today was the first time ive ever eaten here. For burgers I usually prefer 5 guys, Smash Burger, or Fat Burger but Freddys is great. Also the shakes are hella good.
These burgers were really good! Way better than your typical fast-food burger. They have thin shoe-string fries which aren't my  favorite, but they had different seasonings for them and FRY SAUCE! I haven't found many places in town that have fry sauce. Their custard shakes are also delicious. Perfect place to go if you want a good burger and a milkshake.
Only reviewing the frozen custard. I had brunch earlier and driving by couldn't resist my fave crave-custard. Really good and flavorful wasn't expecting a huge cup when i asked for 2 scoops but not a bad thing right? I devoured it all. 

Burger review next time.
Things I love about this place:  frozen custard, amazing delicious burgers, fry sauce.  All of those made my stomach very happy.  Replace any fast food place with this one and you will never be disappointed
Freddy has pretty good burgers, but I like the hot dog with the butter toasted bun . I enjoy the hot dogs plain the way it is with this type of bun. The thin fries are yummy but I wish it was bigger. The dessert. are good, but after my meal I am too full, and no one wants to share with me. I might have to order dessert first or have my meal with no fries......... next review, if I come back.
Awesome place! It is very nice and comfy.

Their custard is amazing! I definitely recommend this place 100%.
This place is probably in my top 5 fast food burger joints. Their classic burger includes mustard, pickles, and onions. Basically, they won me over right there! 
Oh, and a regular burger is a double- be warned. For those of you who aren't feelin that-, they have a California burger. More classic style with a fry sauce, lettuce and tomatoes. 
You can tell everything is fresh, and they use a good quality beef. The also offer hot dogs, shakes, malts, and fries. 
Usually I don't even review fast food- but this is one place I can go when I don't want fast food, but I still want cheap and convenient. 
I have seen them do specials too, like a green chile burger. And they will customize, want grilled onions, just ask. 
This is how fast food should be. Why people still eat Mcdonalds when there is Freddys, baffles me!
I love this place, especially  custard ice cream and steak burgers. It's next door to Freed's bakery in the Silverado center.  The interior is red - ceiling lamps, seats, etc. the staff are nice. The self drinks have diet dr pepper and cherry Pepsi which I normally don't see. The steak burgers are thin in patties and cheese w/ onions make it extra tasty. The fries are crips and thin. I highly suggest to try  custard ice cream cone, it's very smooth and melts in your mouth.
Perks: good food, good price, fast service!

This place has one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had from a fast food joint, or in general. My boyfriend and I had placed an order for a veggie burger and a hatch Chile steakburger meal. The food was out within 3-4 minutes of us ordering! Amazing! The fries were like matchsticks and so delicious. Like I said, the veggie burger was so tasty and filling. My boyfriend loved his pepper burger and the fry sauce that they have. We were both pretty stuffed, and by that I mean STUFFED, but we really wanted to try their frozen custard. We decided to share a mini pbc&c which is a peanut butter cup and banana (with cherry) concrete... A weird name for a really thick shake. :)

It was so amazing but I really wanted to barf by the end of it. Completely my fault for having no self control, but I blame them for having such good food.

The only thing that makes me sad about this place is how far it is from me. The completely opposite side of town but it is totally worth it. 

For my veggie burger and my boyfriend's meal together, the total only came to $12. Add that mini concrete and it came to $16. So worth it for the gorging and wanting to barf (aka me not being able to control myself with their delicious food right in front of me). We'll definitely be coming back!
For being fast food, this place is great...I honestly haven't tried the actual food, but the frozen custard is rich and delicious.  The chocolate is really chocolatey and the mix-in options are great.
Good customer service, price was right, and  the food was out fast. Burgers were okay--I've had better, but also much worse. Fries need seasoning. My husband said the hotdog was terrible. But the custard is really amazing. Don't order a double unless you have a BIG appetite.
Why have I never heard of this place? Definitely the best fast food burger in town! It is a steakburger,  not just hamburger, and you can taste the difference. The super skinny fries were perfect! Other places with fries this skinny are too oily, but not here.  The chocolate custard was very chocolaty,  and a single scoop more than enough. The staff seems to really enjoy working here also. Great prices, great food, great environment! We need more Freddy's in town.
Mehhh.... if you like Big Mac's you might like this place. I found the meat to be mushy and lackluster. I don't get the hype at all. I ordered a #1 combo (cheeseburger, fries, drink). I gave it 2 stars only because it was affordable and the girl at the drive through was very nice. I didn't try the custard, but I didn't really want to after I had the burger. I've had much better, even at Carl's Jr!... Sorry :(
I would drive across town for the french fries and turtle sundae alone.  Manager is extremely friendly and helpful.  I just witnessed him personally bring a food order to an elderly woman at her table.  His momma brought him up right!!
They seem to do everything right. Great fast food! I get the number one and haven't ventured far from there except to try the patty melt which was great. 
The wife loves the Veggie burger and the custard is legit.
One afternoon I hit the drive through and when I got home I was missing an item. Next time I mentioned it to the manager... My whole lunch was free. So I'm loyal now. If you haven't tried Freddy's your missing out.
Finally after 8 months I decide to go try Freddy's I work so close by them never get a chance  the staff is super friendly and helpful , strawberry milkshakes are so good and as well as the half and half milkshake! the fries are delicious and the fry sauce is not so bad the burger is pretty average for a steak burger maybe though  I've been back for the milkshakes and fries.
Stopped by after my flight - never been here and I was too tired for anything but fast food. 

I had Freddys original double - basically a dbl cheeseburger with pickles and onions, no lettuce or tomatoes. It was pretty sloppy, fell apart fairly easy, but it wasn't bad - tasty. The fries are of the shoe string style- a little bit bigger maybe, but nothing to go back for.

I would probably hit the In N Out next time, but this wasn't bad. The only thing that bugged me a bit was the drive thru was empty, and the dining area was fairly slow but it still took a while to get my food - maybe they were short handed...I dunno.
Delicious fresh burgers!! every time I come I try something new and I am never disappointed
Great fast food! Great burgers - great fries - great friendly customer service!

Freddy's is definitely worth a visit!
Love this place, burgers and dogs are really good and good prices.
Um good .com .org .net! The meat is really flaky (that's a good thing) so get a double of whatever you get! The shoe lace fries are really good and you get a lot. Customer service is top notch too!
Fast food place, fast review time!

Shaved prime rib sandwich super tasty, cheese curds bite sized mozzarella sticks could use some kind of sauce, crinkle cut fries ordinary, cookie dough craving custard addicting, guilt at gluttony rising, honey badger don't care.
I guess we had been "built-up" too much for this new restaurant on Greenfield in Mesa. There was TONS of teenage help, but the service was SLOW for as many staff as they had. My son wanted something else after he tried the Pot Roast sandwich, but when he ordered, it was wrong TWICE. I had to go up and find a "Manager" who looked to be at least one year older than the rest to try and straighten it out. It took some time to get it right, but finally they wrapped their heads around it. A LARGE amount of grab-ass was going on between the girls and boys and the young man handling our food kept throwing it in the window and then retrieving it again, just to give it a harder toss to see if he could get the lid of the contained to pop open??? If you don't expect much, you probably won't be disappointed. Very standard fast food and service. The sides on my 2 pc cod dinner were cold and not appealing at all. We didn't get ice cream, but hear that it is good. Maybe next time.
I will never ever return back here again. Over charged me and I almost puked when they brought out my soggy greasy sourdough bread burger out.  Plus soda machines were out and still got charged for my disgusting drink!!! I honestly can not believe I didn't just get my money back and walk out. If you love burgers, hit up  fat burger 3 miles down the road.
No the place to go for a decent burger.  It was worse than "Freddy's Steakburger" in that it was cold, plastic and lacked a upscale burger feel.  For the price, I would go to Red Robin first.
This is no In n Out Burger. The menu is pretty extensive, the burgers are okay, and the service is great (which is why they get a three). I will be back again and update if I find something better, but this time was nothing to write home about. Those that say Culver's is better than In n Out must be out of their minds!
Was very excited to go to Culvers as I've been hearing about it for a few years now.  They opened up a location near me and I figured I would try it out on my way home at lunchtime.

I ordered a mushroom swiss burger with one patty, onion rings, and a strawberry shake from the drive through.

They give you a number and have you pull up to wait for your burger to be ready.  I got my bag of food and before driving off, decided to check to make sure it was right.  Alas, no onion rings just fries.  I shut my car off and walked all the way around the building to try to find the entrance as the door nearest the drive thru is for employees only.  

I go in and let them know that my order was not right.  I acknowledge that the receipt does say fries but tell them that I had ordered onion rings.  The 3 people at the counter look at me like I'm crazy and then one of them goes off to tell someone else who is in the back.  This young lady comes up to me and looks at my receipt and I again acknowledge that it says fries but tell her that I'm pretty sure I said onion rings.  She looks at me and pauses and then says, "That's fine.  It will be $1.08".  I'm slightly annoyed at this point because I'm not sure why this is taking so long.  I tell her that I do not have my wallet and that it is in the car because I just ran out of the car to get my order fixed.  She gives me a "Don't know what to tell you" look and says that it'll cost $1.08 for the onion rings because they cost more than the fries.  I'm beyond frustrated so I tell them that it's fine and I will just take these.  

I get home and the burger is so-so.  The cheese was smaller than the patty and there were hardly any mushrooms on it.  The fries were bland.  The strawberry shake wasn't bad but  not as thick as I like.  

So unfortunately, they lost a customer because of this frustrating customer service.  If they had a screen at the drive thru order stop OR if they even had the girl taking order REPEAT BACK the order this whole fiasco could have been avoided.  

And seriously, they should have just taken back the fries and given me the onion rings.  A bad burger I could have overlooked and probably would have returned to try something else.  But annoying customer service is hard to get past.
Sounds like many of the other reviewers have never been to a Culver's and were expecting a different restaurant. This place is great! The butter burgers are very flavorful and I would definitely recommend a double burger. Don't forget the cheese curds! Also join their email club for a 2 for 1 value meal. Highly recommend.
Update -

First trip was a fluke, bad sandwich. I would say steer clear of the patty melt. We have eaten here a few times since and it has been stellar. The custard is out of this world, the kids meals come with a free custard which is a nice touch. I still like the burgers at In N Out better, but I have definitely eaten here quite a bit more than I have there in the past couple of months so that may change.
Yummy burgers and ice cream
I thought this place was pretty bad - bordering on gross.

We went for the first time on a Saturday night.  It was pretty busy, a bit dirty (tables not clean, trash on floor) and the menu is pretty large and overwhelming.  When I finally got my three kids to tell me what they wanted I went up and ordered.  

Wow!  For fast food that was pricey!  

My husband ordered a burger and fries.  He then realized from the nutritional menu I picked up that the fries were not gluten free so he couldn't eat them.

I had a veggie burger with cheese and mushrooms.  I almost couldn't eat it.  It was the worst veggie burger I had ever had.  I also tried the cheese curd - a mix of yellow and white cheese, deep fried and they offered me packets of BBQ sauce or ranch to dip them in.  They were not good.  I don't recommend them.

The custard was the only thing that wasn't bad but I don't think I will be able to stomach going back to get it again.
This Culver's has the worse service of any fast food place that I have ever visited. Went last Saturday and sat behind one car in the drive thru. Sat for five minutes with the car in front of me being ignored. My passenger actually called Culver's to try to get helped of course hung up. Finally took order and when I paid rather than apologize for the wait clerk is laughing about it. They make you pull up and than when it backs up the honking begins. Food would have to perfect to make up for the sorry service and it is not even close. If you want to be laughed at for expecting even minimal service this is the place for you.
It is hard to find a place that serves Pepsi rather than Coke.  That's great!
Fries are crisp, fat and good.
Butter Burger, fries and soda for 3.99!  Awesome!
Next time I will try the kids meal and get a custard with it!
Tables were clean,  employees were courteous and smiled.
No issues for us!
Love this place for a Fast Food alternative. 

Great burgers!! And love the custard. 

Nice change from the usual fast food.
As far as fast food goes, Culver's definitely has THE best customer service hands down! Burgers are good and my kids love the custards!
It was good for fast food. But nothing special.
I'm a big fan of McDonalds but my boyfriend and I wanted to try something different.  He heard on the radio that this was one of the top 5 fast food places compared to five guys and in and out.  We were starving when we got the food.  We got the burgers, chili fries, and cheese curds. Burgers were average, I think I would still prefer McDonalds over Culver's but it was a new change.  The chili cheese fries were really good I am pretty particular about places when they use nacho cheese, I'm not a fan of the fake cheese.  To my surprise they use real cheddar cheese.  The cheese curds were a no go for us, we didn't like them at all.  I thought the cheese would be melty but it was cold.
This place had juicy burgers, crisp fries and yummy onion rings! Took the fam from SF here and they loved it! The kids loved the chicken tenders and the frozen custard! So much yum! It was about $48 bucks for 7 people to eat so not bad! We came hungry and left full and satisfied. Staff was friendly and very efficient, the lines were taken care of in a orderly fashion because it was super packed, but they made it bearable. Will definitely come back for a juicy burger craving! :-)
Terrible service. Was given the complete wrong order and it also had a giant hair in it. Girl did not give me a receipt so they did not give me a refund, even though it was a food safety and sanitary issue. Never again! You suck Culvers!
My favorite place when I'm in az. Their food is good quality, the sweet treats are good, and they have CHEESE CURDS!!! So delish! Definitely check this place out!
I was searching for a place that served cheese curds last night and Culvers popped up as being the "highest ranking" place with them. Do NOT go here for the cheese curds!! Especially if you've ever had good ones at San Tan Flats, A&W or even Buffalo Wild Wings. I don't like the breading they put on them here - they tasted more like a bad mozzarella stick than a curd. Not a fan.

I did like my burger. Fries were OK - not my favorite and I don't think I'd get them again. My husband's chicken strips were good - just pricey! I also liked how their place is set up. They have an area to order (with a HUGE) menu, and then a separate dining area. It makes it feel more like a sit down restaurant then fast food which is nice.

The custard was SO good!! I got the flavor of the day (toffee pecan) and I'd come back just for it again!! 

Be sure to sign up for their e-mail and text club. I got a BOGO deal and a free scoop of ice cream off their yelp check in offer too! Made it under $18 for the 3 of us.
2.5  stars the food was blah nothing special but the ice cream was good. Definitely a dessert only place
Wow... I've heard great stuff about this place and have been dying to give it a try. Well, I stopped by the drive-tru for my first time today and got the standard Culver's double cheeseburger meal.

I was soooo disappointed! The fires were just like grocery store frozen fries and the burger is without a doubt the greasiest one I've ever eaten by a long shot! I can't believe it is so busy with Wendy's and Carl's Jr. right across the street. Stick with Carl's Jr. for sure.
Went here because it is right around the block from my house.  Wanted to get some ice cream and their concrete mixers looked really good.  I am a diehard DQ Blizzard fan so I was interested to see how they compared.  Have to say the concrete mixer was WAY better than the DQ Blizzard.  I had a Reese's Chocolate mixer and there was so much more Reese's butter cups in the ice cream than I ever receive at DQ.  The pricing is quite even, the mixer is only about .75 cents more.  Definitely going to start getting these mixers over blizzards when my sweet tooth kicks in.
Pretty darn good food, if you're after a fresh burger, fries, cheese, and the like. The Concrete mixers (think blizzard with custard) are to die for. This place puts DQ or any other fast food place to shame. I love going here for my 'cheat meal' once a week...or sometimes twice :)
The food is great but the attention to detail is pathetic!  My first time their I had a chocolate Reese's concrete mixer.  It was amazing!  Been back for it now three more times and all three times my order was wrong!  1st time I received the mixer with Reese's pieces, not Reese's buttercups, 2nd time back added hot fudge and received vanilla ice cream and 3rd time back I received vanilla ice cream with snickers.  
So to re-cap;

Ordered: Chocolate ice cream with Reese's Buttercup
Received: What I ordered exactly

Ordered: Chocolate ice cream with Reese's Buttercup
Received: Chocolate ice cream with Reese's Pieces 

Ordered: Chocolate ice cream with Reese's Buttercup & hot fudge
Received: Vanilla ice cream with Reese's Buttercup & hot fudge

Ordered: Chocolate ice cream with Reese's Buttercup & hot fudge
Received: Vanilla ice cream with Snickers & hot fudge

Keep In mind I just started Invisalign as well so my teeth are a little loose so eating the Reese's pieces and the snickers was somewhat difficult.

UPDATE:  Went again May 18th, ordered another Tall Chocolate Reese's buttercup concrete mixer.  What did I get a tall chocolate mixer with NO Reese's, only ice cream.  How difficult is it to get an order correct!!!???
Best CheeseBurgers in the East Valley !  Service by there employees is always above and beyond !
Casual atmosphere, order at the counter and they bring it to you.  Burgers are fresh and hot.  Order the cheese curds, it is an extra $1 with your basket, but they are like mini cheese sticks!
The custard (ice cream!) is smooth and made on site. Great as shakes too.
I wanted to like this place. They play oldies inside and I think that's cute. I dunno though- my meal was all fried and grease. Chicken strips and those cheese balls. Maybe if id ordered something else :-/ no urge to try it out again.
DO NOT GO HERE FOR ANYTHING OUTSIDE OF SNACKS!!

stumbled onto this place looking for the chick-fil-a (there's apparently not one in the mall any longer) and the couldn't resist the tasty looking pictures! So even though we were not craving Mexican, we were easily convinced... 

***DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE PICTURES!!!***

Even though the cashier was very nice and friendly, almost everything went wrong with our order... My wifey and I wanted "Tortas" because the picture looked most appealing... She asked if they used guacamole or avocado and the cashier said they were actually out of both,  so she changed her mind to two tostadas (also looking very appealing) one chicken, one steak. I ordered the steak torta combo... simple order? right....? HOW COULD YOU MESS THAT UP???

FORGOT: 

1. Beans on the tostadas... 
2. One chicken tostada, we got two beef
3. My combo, I had to wait for my fries and soda to be prepared

TASTE COMPLAINTS:

1. Steak was rough, chewy, and unseasoned
2. Fries were unseasoned, and salt and pepper was not available
3. We tasked for a water cup, she accidentally put coke in it, pored the coke out and gave us water with out even rinsing the cup... ewwwww!

I saw that other customers ordered snacks like fruit and chips that looked very appealing, but I will definitely not order a entree from here again!
I should've read review s before spending my $$ here. I order a mangonead and strawberry and cream. Mangoneada flavorless, bland had no taste very very disappointed. Pictures do look good but thats it. Fresa w/ cream they mix bad strawberry with good ones they did not bother to cut they just threw them in a cup with lechera. If I new I was getting this I would of done this at home but nicely cut with more cream. Will not come back to this place.
Every time I visit this restaurant, I'm always satisfied. I usually order a carne asada burrito and although I'm very picky about my food, the friendly cashier was able to adjust my order to fit my needs. The meat is always cooked and flavored well. The customer service is also very inviting which is another reason why I come back on a weekly basis.
I was so excited to see a Culver's open up right by where I live. I haven't had it since I moved out here from the Midwest. Their chicken tenders are the best and I always get them. You really can't get them anywhere else. They're super juicy but crispy at the same time. 

However, I'm going to be unbiased and write my review for this location only.

The food, as I mentioned before, was great and just like what I remembered. The service and atmosphere, that's another story. I understand that they just opened very recently so they probably still have some training/kinks to work on. I'll definitely be back and will update my rating if they deserve it. 

Strike one, the first thing you notice when you walk in is the stench. It smelled like a mixture of rotten eggs and a gas station restroom. I noticed it was really bad where you order your food and wasn't so bad in the seating area. They really need to work on their ventilation or something. It's really hard to enjoy your food when you have to smell that. 

Strike two, when I received my food, I noticed that I was given regular fries instead of sweet potato fries. I told the person who brought them to me that I had ordered the sweet potato fries. She walked off with my food and her attitude. She came back a little later and asked if I was sure if I ordered the sweet potato fries because on the ticket, it didn't say that I ordered them and apparently it's a dollar extra for sweet potato fries. Umm, yes I'm sure I know what I ordered. And really? A dollar for sweet potato fries? Most restaurants just sub the two. Either way, it was clearly their mistake and she could have been more accommodating or just gave me the sweet potato fries and lost a dollar. I was with a bunch of my coworkers who had never gone before and I was really excited for them to try it out. The service we got did not leave the best taste in their mouths. They also got a few other orders wrong but we didn't say anything because we already saw how unhelpful they were with me. 

Strike three, some of us went back up to the counter to order dessert and cheese curds because no one had them before and wanted to try them out. The man who brought us the desert took our number holder and we pointed out to him that we had more food coming too and he said, "I just do the desserts." That's kind of a weird system and seems very inefficient. Why wouldn't you just bring one cement mixer and one cheese curd out at the same time? He finally understood that we still needed the number on our table for our other food and left. 

This one girl also kept coming by as we were waiting for our food asking if we needed anything else. Um, our food? But really, what else would we need? It was really awkward that she kept asking since everything is pretty much self served.

So overall, their food is really good and I'm so glad they opened near me. Their service on the other hand sucked. Hope they fix it soon!
OMG! I finally got to eat here the other night and i was BLOWWWWWN AWAY! on how amazing this food was! It was INCREDIBLE! the burgers are ridiculously good, the fries are amazing, the staff is great the prices are great! ya definitely CANNNNOT GO WRONG WITH THIS PLACE!
Saw this ad on TV about their chicken tenders. So I decided to give it a try. When you enter this place, it is huge. The cashiers are on your left as you enter and if you're trying to look for chicken meals, it is over in the far left of the signs. About 1/12 of the space is dedicated to the   chicken. I thought this would be a restaurant and not a fast food place.

I ordered the fried chicken dinner, which can be 2 or 4 pieces, didn't see a 3 piece dinner. I ended up getting the 4 piece which is basically half the chicken. It was breast, thigh, drumstick and wings with mash potatoes, biscuit and  coleslaw. 

The chicken was tasty, mashed potatoes was a bit dry and the coleslaw was OK. Since I had dinner by myself, I'll have to take my wife here for lunch so we can try the butter burgers.
Not a fan of the entrees so much (they are too salty for me), but the Frozen Custard is always great.
Culver's turned out to be a pretty decent place. Being an East Coast transplant, I had no idea what Culver's was all about. I had heard that it was a burger joint. I had heard it was an ice cream place. Turns out that it's both. And, ultimately, this place is at LEAST average on both fronts.

The wife, daughter, and I were in the area, and we were looking for something new to eat. We wanted something that didn't immediately make us say, "Ugh...I'm so tired of *fill-in-the-blank*." This new Culver's was just what we were seeking.

The restaurant is brand new, having opened its doors just about a month ago. So, the facility is in immaculate shape. Everything is fresh and clean, making for a pleasant dining experience.

The first thing about this place that caught my eye was a gilded calf just inside the main entrance http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a58ItFHWoVwVWDqSH_9bEw?select=Wrvpw66fEyR8neoZYmjjXg#-t9iRllIvbKBLZaWjcL69Q. I think I understand why it's there...most of Culver's items come right from cows (burgers, cheese curds, etc). So, the "cow" is their proverbial gold mine. (I'm definitely not an art critic...but, that's what the art says to me.)

The next thing that got to me was the menu http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a58ItFHWoVwVWDqSH_9bEw?select=Wrvpw66fEyR8neoZYmjjXg#XiNJDI7eiKOrxdYWZeoj1w. The menu is completely automated, making for a very clean and sleek appearance. I dig it when things are simple, yet effective. This nifty menu meets both criterion.

This place is, ultimately, a "create your own burger" type of place. When you go, it would behoove you to have a pretty good idea of what it is that you want on your burger. For me, I love bacon and jalapenos. All you have to do at Culver's is ask for what you want. How easy is that?

Now, I don't know about you, but I HATE the process of putting a lid on my drink. I'd like to think that I'm not a paranoid germaphobe, but when it comes to drink lids, even I am weak. I always grab two lids...just so I can throw away the top lid to get to the untainted bottom lid. Here at Cluver's, they've completely eliminated my irrational fear of germs. They have a "lid dispenser" that pulls one lid automatically every time you close and open the lid http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a58ItFHWoVwVWDqSH_9bEw?select=Wrvpw66fEyR8neoZYmjjXg#BETqeWzMkBhyr4dGaankvQ. Yes, Yes, Y-E-S!!!

Ultimately, the food was decent. The burger was thin, but I could tell that it was because they pounded the heck out of it with a meat tenderizer. The choice of jalapenos and bacon are ALWAYS a good choice, in my opinion. Thankfully, they also have sweet potato fries.

Since the weather has broken, outdoor seating has become prime real estate. Culver's has an outdoor seating area that wraps around half of the building http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a58ItFHWoVwVWDqSH_9bEw?select=Wrvpw66fEyR8neoZYmjjXg#GSj8kIUJhW5lizAQ_rDxzg. We didn't notice any misters, but there were some pretty decent fans.

At the end of our meal, my daughter pointed out that there was a coupon for a free scoop of the ice cream "flavor of the day" on the back of her meal bag http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a58ItFHWoVwVWDqSH_9bEw?select=Wrvpw66fEyR8neoZYmjjXg#e7cavSkGnPWDcMH5LS_Syw. All you have to do is peel this coupon off of the kids' meal bag, and your child gets a cone filled with one scoop of that particular day's flavor. Thankfully for us, today's flavor was "Double Marshmallow Oreo". What delicious mess this cone made! 

Being that this place is just around the corner from where we live, I envision that my daughter and I will share many a cone from this place!
I went here last night because all my mid-west friends said it was amazing!  I have to say I was very disappointed!  Not to mention that I'm pretty sure my burger had a piece of bone or rock in it.  I bit down and seriously thought I chipped one of my molars.  

Do yourself a favor and go to In N Out or for that matter McDonald's!
i stopped in this evening at the loathing thought of having to cook during finals week.  I decided to walk in so i could take my time looking at the menu.  I was greeted right away as i walked in, and my first thoughts were 'wow this place is really clean'.  I stepped up to the counter and Jacob was eager to help me pick out something, making several recommendations of items on the menu he liked.  I decided to go with the crispy chicken sandwich. When i got home and opened my box, i realized that this was the first time i had ever gotten fast food and what i ordered actually looked as good as the picture!  the taste did not let me down one bit either! overall, Culver's appears to be clean, staffed well with employees eager to help and give great service, and the food exceeds my expectations of what i would expect from a fast food joint.  I must say also that i have tried their custard on several different occasions from another location and they are fantastic! i am regretting not ordering a vanilla custard with oreos as i type this!
What a fantastic location and the customer service is fantastic.  Why?  The person that took us under his wing was Bob, the 2nd Assistant Manager and he went far beyond the norm.  We have daughter that is allergic to soy, gluten and dairy and both black beans and pinto beans so you can imagine the difficulty with getting her the proper nutrition and the right amount of protein.  When we told Bob our needs he said that he could take the fish, and cook it adding only lemon juice and a little olive oil.  That was great but he even went further, he cleaned the part of the grill that he used to remove any gluten or soy residue and had the person that makes salads use new gloves (no residue from gluten or soy).  So the meal was great and the service even better.  Thank you Bob.  
As others with allergies know it is difficult to find locations to go to and get good food. So I recommend this Culver's  at Shea and the 101.
I just returned from Culver's and lets just say my experience was not a good one. I will say that the place was very very clean and well kept (bravo for that). There were also nice, large TV's that were showing the football game. The two young boys working the cashier were very nice. My mom was taking quite a while to look over the menu and they asked if she had any questions etc. We ordered and went to sit down in the "dining area". Once we sat down there were two employees eating. I assumed they were on their lunch break or had just gotten off work and were having a bite to eat. It was a male and a female employee. The male employee was extremely rude and obnoxious. He was sitting in the booth chewing up his food and opening his mouth to show his other co workers who were all the way across the establishment behind the cash registers. Everyone who was sitting in the "dining area" was looking at him in disgust. You are an employee, yes you are probably 15 or 16 but really? I was so grossed out by this! The he continued to do that while laying down across the booth and flailing his arms and legs knocking into the table causing a lot of noise and a scene. I don't know who the manager is, but I don't find that acceptable at all. 

Food:
All of my midwest friends rave about this place. I honestly have no idea why. I ordered a burger. It looked nothing like what it was supposed to look like and the actual meat part of it was paper thin and crispy looking (ew). My mom ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwich and they brought out something else but were very nice and responsive and brought out the correct food quickly. She didn't think the food was that great either. 

Let's just say I will not be returning, and maybe the management needs to reevaluate allowing employees to take breaks with customers, or else clean house. That is not acceptable anywhere for an employee to behave as this one did.
I love Culvers because it reminds me of home.  The food is usually very good and who can say anything bad about Custard.  

My problem is with Culvers all over the Valley and not just this one. Employees, when you are at work, please be at work.  The last three times I have been at Culvers, I know the employees would rather be anywhere else than where they were. They have not listened to me, they constantly ask again and again what I want, they get interrupted by other employees which takes them back to square 1 cause they forget what they were doing.  Tonight I was handed off between two employees for my order.  One of the employees had never run the register before, and he was interrupted several times.  Of course my order was not correct, even after starting over 3 times to get it right.  The kid was trying, he just didnt have the training to be where he was.   Just a poor way to run a register.  I can get a burger anywhere, and probably will from now on.  Custard is making its appearance in Phoenix finally and I will have other places to go for that also.  Culvers Management, your employees need training.  They need to know that when they are working, they need to be with the Customer, treat us with respect, LISTEN TO US, and get our orders right.  Get this message out, your employees, this is not a part time job after school and you do not have to work hard.  Culvers has a good reputation all over the US.  People in Phoenix/Scottsdale can shop anywhere for food like this.  Make the experience pleasant and memorable for the right reasons and people will come back.  When they come back, you will continue to have a job.  I have no reason to come back now until it gets hot and custard is on my mind.   Give me a reason to come back for other things....
I recently came to this restaurant to dine in with a few children. When I came here on a Saturday, it was super busy. I think the menu is kind of busy and there is no signage up for the basic custard flavors. It took us a bit of time staring at the menu to figure out the layout  I chose the standard butter burger meal, the kids had kids meals. I really think it's great that every kids meal gets an option of having Ice Cream now or saving the coupon for later. I really thought that this place was hyped, but my burger was really good. I of course had desert. I had a mini custard with kit-kat and butter finger mixin's. Yumm.... I am pretty sure I'll be back for custard.
I guess the bloom is off the rose a bit.

A year ago, when I told our Wisconsin friends that Culvers was opening restaurants down here, they collectively yawned.  Now it's been almost a year since the PV store opened and maybe seven months for this location.  Culver's still gets busy during lunch and dinner, but things have slowed down in a big way.  Maybe it was just the Portillo's effect? Maybe.

Culver's is basically a good frozen custard place that does a nice business with burgers and fries.  Yes, there are Rubens and Chicken sandwiches as well, but they're known for their custards, which are delicious.

On the hamburger front as I said they do a nice job...  but...  you knew there was going to be a but in here someplace right?  Well, the hamburgers are.. greasy.  I was here recently with some out of town friends and their napkins were soaked.  One actually removed the top of the bun to tap it dry.

So after nearly a year, I'll take a pass here and go back to my Animal Style.
Went for the frozen custard, pleasantly surprised. Drive through only, can't attest to the inside staff, but the drive through was efficient and friendly.  The italian ice is pretty good as well.
Haven't tried their burgers and other sandwiches YET but intend to if they are anywhere as good as the soft freeze they serve.  Multiple flavors including a special one every day.  Decent prices, good size portions, fair prices, clean place, friendly staff. interesting looking fish sandwiches.  Soft Freeze the way it was intended to be, mmm!
I'm not a big fast food person, so this review is only for the ice cream at Culver's. My normal treat of choice is their chocolate malt shake, but I was craving a sundae. I ordered the Turtle, which is caramel and fudge sauce with pecans on Culver's custard. It definitely hit the spot. I like that there is no whip cream but I'm not a big fan of that on my sundaes and I could do without the cherry. Just give me plenty of fudge and caramel sauce. 

The location is kind of hard to get into. If you miss the first turn, you'll have to drive down to the light and circle back in the parking lot. I did that the first time I came here, but now I know better. Otherwise, it's conveniently located off the 101 and Shea. Definitely check out their custard ice cream, whether it's a shake or sundae.
I dabbled between three and four stars on this one, but had to go with three. 

My boyfriend and I decided to go here for ice cream on one of the gruesome 115 degree Arizona afternoons that we Scottsdale natives know to be so draining. After seeing countless Culver's commercials about their signature concrete mixers, ice cream sundaes and several other frozen treats, we decided to go here instead of venturing down Shea to the local Dairy Queen. 

Now. I was a little taken back, because I never knew Culver's was a walk-up-and-order fast food kind of joint. Silly me, I thought it was an actual place where you sit down to get burgers and ice cream. But hey. I was wrong. Nothing wrong with that. So we ventured in, ordered, and then found a seat in the dining area (that looks somewhat similar to the inside of the local Wildflower Bread Co.-- decorated with hand-blown glass flowers fake plants and whatnot). 

The one thing that kind of rubbed me the wrong way about this restaurant was that the dining area was completely silent. There were about five other seated parties and with no ambient music or noise from the muted television screens that hang above, it makes the atmosphere a little weird. Everyone, including us, felt obligated to have whispering conversations so that it didn't disturb the silence. It was so quiet that I could almost hear the couple in the booth behind us licking the ice cream off their spoons. 

Anyhow, we ordered two concrete mixers. Mine: vanilla custard with brownie chunks and snickers and his: chocolate custard with hot fudge and some other chocolate add in. (Each mixer comes with two mix-ins, each additional one after that is .50c) They were both REALLY good. Not the best I've ever eaten, but they definitely beat a Blizzard that you would get from DQ. The custard was smooth in texture, and had a really nice and pure flavor. The employees add a bunch of your mix-ins and are far from skimpy. For the custard to mix-in ratio I'd say about 1/4 of your dessert is mix-ins (which is a great ratio in my opinion). For the two 'short' mixers and a medium drink it was around $10, which really wasn't bad. 

The employees were helpful and seemed knowledgeable on their products. Would have been a four star if the ambiance was a little better and a lot less awkward. Quality custard, though!
This review is strictly for their custard. What a perfect way to fulfill a sweet tooth craving without having to get out of the car! While running some errands, we decided it was time for a sweet treat and since we were in the area, my husband decided to introduce me to the custard at Culver's. We pulled through the drive-through and I took a look at the custard menu. I was told that the Concrete Mixer is the way to go so I had to give it a try! I ordered the mini vanilla Concrete Blizzard with Heath Crunch and Reece's Peanut Butter Cups. Let me just say that the mini is no mini! With the richness of the custard along with the candy, it filled me up quickly! The custard is extremely creamy and delightful and the vanilla was very refreshing for a hot summer night. I am typically more of a chocolate fan and will get a chocolate one next time, but this time, I got to enjoy a couple bites of my husband's chocolate with Reece's and peanut butter. Yum! This is a great option if you're craving something sweet and don't want to get out of your car!
Culvers is really good stuff.

Menu-wise, you can compare it to Sonic, except EVERYTHING here is MUCH better!

I love the burgers, the sides, and anything at all made with their frozen custard.  
If you like cheese, DO NOT miss the cheese curds.

I'd give it 5 stars, but value factors into the equation and the bill at Culvers can really add up.
Great place to eat, reminds me of home in the midwest.  It's pricier but it's not "fast food"
I don't get the hype...wasn't impressed. Our order was right and we got it pretty quickly, so 3 stars it is.
The thing that differentiates this place above others is the frozen custard.   Unfortunately, my chocolate mikshake was runny, not thick.  Not sure what happened.  My husband had a vanilla shake and it was fine.

My daughter got a frozen custard in a cup as part of her kids meal and it was fine too. 

The buttered buns on the burger are pretty good, very yummy.  I got the chili and that was good too.

Not sure if the staff was new, but didn't really seem to know what promotions were going on or what the different items were on the menu.  The food was decent.  Probably go again and give them a chance to redeem themselves if I was in the area.
best cheese curds and custard ever. Anything with strawberry is amazing!!!
They screwed up my order, so I was quite annoyed. Went drive through, did not check bag because it felt like a burger was in there. A burger was in there actually, but it wasn't what I ordered. A mix-up in the communications between me and drive through woman. After eating burger, communicated my frustration through satisfaction survey and received a phone call within 15 minutes of clicking send. manager was really nice and apologized and apparently, my name is at this Culver's, waiting for me to cash in on a free basket. Good follow-up skills saved this place.
Chain did come through with free meal. Tried to go healthy, but not a satisfying meal. The grilled chicken was a huge piece of thick cut breast, but was served dry on sort of a pretzelish bun. Had to ask for mayo from counter. The Green Beans weren't that bad with some red onions, but they seemed to be from a can or frozen, not fresh. Best part of course was the free custard of the day (after filling out receipt survey). This is where Culver's shines - Nestle crunch swirl was a great flavor of the day.
I don't know why anyone would ever come back here? I'm so confused how they stay in business. I ordered a Sourdough Melt that looks really good on the menu with a few layers of meat but it's a burnt sandwich and the cheese is literally thicker than the meat. I took it back and they stood by it saying their meat is pretty thin. She offered to make me another one but if there was nothing wrong with the first one in their eyes why would I want another one? Worst sandwich I've ever had. Will never come back. Not offered something else or a refund...
Best custard ever!  I can't seem to get enough!   This place is always clean, staff is super friendly, burgers, fries and cheese curds are scrumptious too.  Join their email club and you will get plenty of coupons, plus announcements of special event days.  They had a 1 year anniversary special where we enjoyed $1 one scoop sundaes for 4 days in a row.  YUM!
Even tho this is my first time ever eating at Culver's, I highly recommend their sourdough burger melt -- so good it melts in your mouth! And a shake... Can't go wrong with a shake!
I got a burger here.  I don't get why they don't at least try to make it good by putting in produce.  Serious waste of money.

If I were judging it on the frozen custard alone, it'd get a four star.  The humanitarian in me wants to warn everyone of the other foods!  That's why it's a two star--that frozen custard is pretty amazing!
Culvers has awesome hsmburgers and fries. Nsughte food but dometimes you judt hsve to be naughty. Value basket and turtle sundae sre the most decadent snd yummy. Ok today just salad snd dieters tea from the 99 cents store.
Love the cheese curds instead of food, I was scared to order the frozen custard shake, but it was good.
Worst location. Terrible service! I've been to this location twice and they have no clue what they are doing. I ordered a plain cheeseburger and they gave me a hamburger. They gave no condiments at all. Last time I came here I waited 25 minutes in my car before finally going inside and getting a refund. CLEAN It Up Culver's or you'll have seen the last of me. I don't care if your foods good or not.
They don't have these in Cali so thought I would try it out as just another fast food burger place. When I pulled up I was plesantly surprised to see they had an extensive menue all kinds of fried food and milk shake options. I ended up ordering some chicken tender, waffel fries, with a milk shake. I gotta say it was just ok nothing too crazy but glad I tried it.
The custard was really good. I had the number 8 a Carmel sundae with pralines. Tasted great. Burgers taste good also.
First time at a Culver's after I had heard good things from multiple people. Overall, not really too impressed. I should have checked yelp and read all the great reviews about the custard as I probably would  have stuck with that.

First, pretty slow for fast food. You order, pay and then pull up into a parking/waiting spot until your food comes out. Not a big issue and I guess everything is cooked to order.

My main issue was the food. I had a bacon burger with cheese. Side of fries and a soda.  Pretty standard fast food meal. When I got home I pretty much had a greasy bag.  The burger was super greasy, somewhat flavorful, and kinda boring. I guess the extra grease is the added butter? I don't get it. I'm not the healthiest eater but I felt like this should have come with a side of Lipitor. 

The fries were good. I would go back for the fries.

Next time I'm just going to get custard.
Awful! This is basically DQ on steroids.
I asked the counter server about a few items which he had no idea about anything.
Wife ordered chicken strip dinner $9 and it was essentially frozen Tyson chicken out of a bag, gross!!!! Fries were cold and soggy.
I just got chili $4 for a little container and it was basically Wendy's. For $13 fast foot for 2 little items and crap food, it's a joke.
Oddly, we looked around the place and noticed most diners were a bit obese, think it must be a place for mid westerners. 
Won't ever be back, would rather go to habit burger or in-n-out or even McDonald's for that matter. This place is a joke.
I absolutely love that Culver's cares that the animals from the farms where they get their meat are treated humanely and are not given any antibiotics or hormones.  I also love that they are an environmentally friendly and sustainable company with a LEED certified building.  Oh yeah, their food is awesome, too.  It's made to order, which may take a little longer than other fast food restaurants, but it is well worth the wait.  It tastes fresh, and it's delicious.  Hats off to this business!
This is the best pizza place! The crust is absolutely delicious and the sauce is amazing. I highly recommend.
Awesome hot n fresh pizza. We ate our large pepperoni pizza in and ordered extra very flavorful marinara sauce. But the bread with cheese was $4 for only 4 small pieces
Clean place with delicious food!!! It's amazing I can enjoy a real Chicago style Vienna Beef hot dog here in AZ and that it tastes better here than in IL! My husband is originally from IL and one of his early high school jobs was working for a hot dog place. The dogs were just the way we like them fresh with the freshest buns and ingredients! Also had the Italian Beef sandwich with giardiniera and a side of garlic bread. Don't miss this gem on the west side!
Great Pizza and a local business.
Closed
Lol closed
This place has been open approximately two weeks, so it's time that someone reviewed it.

I came here for the first time today after lunch at Roberto's because my coworkers recommended it. I decided to have a light lunch, leaving room for what I was hoping would be a delicious crepe. For a place called Tasty Crepes, there aren't many crepe choices. While you have various fruit choices and ice cream flavors, they're all basically dessert crepes. No lunch or dinner crepes.

The crepe wasn't bad. The serving size was large and is big enough to be shared. They use Thrifty ice cream, so the ice cream was good. Next time I'll probably just get an ice cream cone rather than the crepe.
My girlfriend and I were always looking for a good place to get crepes on the southwest side of town, and now that this place has come along, I think we have found one! The owners were really nice, and the crepes were delicious (we went with strawberry, whip cream, blueberries, and vanilla ice cream). It took about all of 5 minutes to scarf mine down, and I was definitely ready for 2nds.
The place was a little quiet--kinda like a library--which made me feel like we had to whisper at times. That's probably because it's new, but if they punched up the ambiance a little bit I'd raise it to a 5 star in a heart beat. Also, it'd be nice if you could add a few things to the side--maybe eggs if you're in the mood for breakfast, etc.
All in all, a place we will definitely come back to, and a place I'd recommend to come check out.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. The portions are plentiful, the owners are sweet and the deserts are Amazing!!!!
This place is great ( if you know your crepes) having a European background, crepes are normally made with fruit, and are a sweet delicious treat! If you are looking for a more modern crepe, such as a lunch item, I would recommend la crepe in the Paris hotel. Personally, I love the fruit filled crepes just like Grandma used to make! So if you want a different sweet I would def try Tasty crepes!
I am a dessert lover, and although there isn't anything out of the ordinary or extra special about this particular, little crepe cafe, the crepes are delicious and so are the frozen bananas! It's bright and colorful inside, and the owner is always happy to greet us every time. There are also other frozen treats that you can happily indulge in (frozen bananas, frozen cheesecake, etc.)

I definitely think this place deserves a little more attention than it gets! But that's understandable considering there are a lot of dessert spots around this area, those of which also serve Thrifty's ice cream. Whenever I order crepes here, I finish it in less than two minutes. It's the combination of ice cream, the multiple choices of fruit and sauces, the convenience of the location (for me), and the great service that deserves 4 stars.
Been here a few times with my kids, and each time we come here we are never disappointed. The Crepes here is sooooooo AMAZING! My favorite is definitely vanilla ice cream top with banana and some chocolate syrup on top. Besides the Crepes there frozen fruits are also delicious. The kids love coming here and ordering different things on the menu every week. Besides the yummy Dessert, the owners are also very nice people!
this place has an awesome selection of treats and crepes are very tasty. But the place smells weird other than that i enjoy my visits here.
Thin crepe cooked evenly, slightly sweet batter. Spread on some nutella scoop of rocky road ice cream, now add some strawberries, blueberries, and banana's. next comes some chocolate sauce drizzled on top, whip cream and a cherry.  Now that's a tasty crepe! 

Very good, generous portion, friendly staff.
Fantastic!!!! The crepes are awesome, they have thrifty ice cream, and Nutella. It's like the triple crown of delicious!!! 

Plus, they have smoothies, boba tea, and fresh fruit!!! And the people at the counter are total sweethearts!!!
Tried the pizza crepe. Absolutely amazing. Wife had the Nutella banana crepe. Two thumbs up there too. 

The place looks like a hold in the wall to me. But the food is amazing. Def would recommend to friends.
I got the banana nutella crepe and my hubbs got the pizza crepe....Total topping overload.

around $20 for 2 crepes plus a bottled water each. But fresh ingredients (she made it in front of us and cut up everything fresh out of the fridge before cooking)

its a small place and theyve got a alot of smoothies and boba on the menu too! def will be back
This has become the new spot for pure deliciousness!!! We got there 3 minutes before closing time on a Sunday, and were treated with smiles and welcomes! The menu was sooooo full of the yummiest fruits and flavors it was a challenge choosing! We all got crepes that were overloaded with freshness and it was amazing! We were very pleased and plan in going back... Having desert pre-ordered for a Halloween party next wkd. Fair prices, clean place, friendly staff and excellent product: recipe for success!
We need to thank Yelp for steering us here. Best meal and best value for buck since we rolled into the Red Rock Casino and Spa. Well worth the commute here!
A few days ago I was having a crepe craving and we came across this spot. It's a little hole in the wall place, but it was surprisingly good.

The inside is a little empty..and white.. 

Everything is ordered through these pieces of paper. The crepes have all these fruit, filling, topping, and ice cream options. You circle what you want in your crepe. Same for the bobas.

I ordered a crepe with strawberries, bananas, Nutella, whipped cream, powdered sugar, and cookies n cream ice cream. It was bomb! 

We got 2 crepes, 2 bobas, and a large milk for $28, so the prices are fair. Service was friendly.

They have lots of frozen treats too. Chocolate cheesecake, chocolate bananas, etc. The only thing I recommend is having more savory crepe options. I only saw a few.
Came in here today on a crepe craving with a girlfriend. 
They sell frozen treats, such as dipped bananas, ice cream, and more.
Super clean place and guy who helped out was really friendly and accommodating. 
We ordered a Rocky Road crepe with kiwi and strawberries and a savory crepe with mozzarella, Ham, mushrooms, onions, spinach, and avocado. I wish they carried some ranch but they gave us ketchup and mustard. The crepes were the biggest I've ever ordered so definitely worth the bang for the buck!
Five stars for service, taste, quality!
Huge crepes. Everything is good. Served with delicious Thrifty ice cream. Fruit is fresh or they dont serve it. Pick up a slip to custom order your crepe. My favorite is strawberry banana with nutella chocolate whipped cream powdered sugar. Vanilla or strawberry ice cream on yhe side. Mmmmmm.
Fresh fruit. Quality ice cream and home made crepes, what's not to love?? Apologize to yourself if u don't go.
The owners are extremely friendly and nice. They explain everything and answer all questions. Their crepes are delicious. As I was eating, they offered a free sample of their chocolate covered bananas. Definitely a place worth going to for sweets.
Fresh fruit, ice cream, nutella, crepes.  Now that I have your attention, that is just one of the many crepes you can create here. with multiple ingredients, sauces, and mix ins, you can really have some tasty savory crepes.  The portion size is large and filling and the owners very friendly.  If sweet isn't your thing, try the savory pizza crepes, deli crepes and more. Or try the chocolate banana bites (pineapple and mango too).
Aww the owners here are really nice. They explain everything and kept asking if the crepe is good. They even give you a card to stamp for each crepe you order so you can earn towards a free crepe in the future.  It's a cozy little place that serves delicious crepes. 

I stumbled across this place when I was experiencing this intense crepe craving. Came here this afternoon with my mom since we both have a sweet tooth. You can order the fruit crepe by filling out this small piece of paper. I ordered a crepe with strawberries, kiwi, and blueberries, with Nutella, whipped cream, powdered sugar, and butter pecan ice cream. It was really good! The portion size is huge. The fruit taste fresh and the crepe comes with a good amount of fruit. .
They keep things simple. 

Crepes: made to order with fresh fruits, as many sauces and toppings you want, and a gigantic scoop of good quality ice cream for only a dollar more. Portion sizes are more than generous as well. 

They also have a good assortment of chocolate dipped frozen mango, pineapple, cheesecake, and banana. You have the option of bites or on a stick, with nuts, sprinkles, or coconut shavings, etc., etc! 

Other places could use a tip from them when it comes to top-notch customer service. The owners are very accommodating and welcoming. They help you through the ordering process and are super patient! This place screams QUALITY DESSERTS and SERVICE at you! Five stars, well-earned.
I've been coming here since they opened & they've always been consistent!!! BEST crepes I've ever had!!! And they're the nicest owners, I love them!!! WARNING: YOU CAN SHARE, BUT NOT RECOMMENDED!!! U'LL want it all 2 urself
Place is awesome! Service is great, and their crepes are delicious. Highly recommend this place. I'm definitely coming back. I got crepe with banana, strawberry and kiwi, oh, and cookies and cream.....delicious!!!!
To keep it short go for the crepes! I can't believe how good their crepes are!! Be patient though because there's only one worker making the dessert! Now stay away from the chocolate dipped stuff. It looks good but they use cheap chocolate. Overall I'd go back!!
Place is awesome! Service is great, and their crepes are delicious. Highly recommend this place. I'm definitely coming back. I got crepe with banana, strawberry and kiwi, oh, and cookies and cream.....delicious!!!!
I've been to other crepe stores in las vegas. But this crepe houe is extraordinary~ they only use fresh fruit everytime and the size is begger than anywhere else. It is almost Twice as big.
Just got an awesome crepe and it was super good, spent $10 after tip and everything and it was enough for 2 people to split!
I've been going to Tasty Crepes since they were at fantastic swap meet their crepes are really good and the kids love their chocolate covered bananas and cheeseckes.
This place has had great crepes since they opened and have been adding more great treats every since.
The crepes are sooo good! Especially with fresh fruit and thrifty ice cream! Also they make their own whip cream from scratch and it's awesome! Also try the frozen chocolate dipped bananas, their amazing!
I don't have a big sweet tooth but wow! Amazing desserts :D the staff is super friendly which only makes your trip sweeter.
What a great desert place that serves ice cream with fresh fruits inside a delicious crepe. This place also have fresh waffles and all kinds of frozen chocolate dipped fruits. Ohhh, don't forget to try their Mango/Sticky Rice...The people are really nice which makes the place that much more special. Must check it out.
So far I've been on here twice. Each time the lady (I think the owner?) has been the one to take our order. Service is excellent and the crepes are delicious!   I have only had the dessert type crepe here. I would like to try the other items on their menu. I will definitely be back to try them.
This spot is a family own place. & I have nothing but great experiences every time I go here & I always get the Nutella & banana Crepes & it gets better every time I try it. This place is addicting & it's affordable compare to every other Crepe Place is town. The owners are awesome, they are funny, they care about the reviews, feedback & what we have to say. They make it just like what's on the pictures believe it or not. Everyone must try this place for some delicious Crepes.
Thanks to all the good Yelp reviews, I wanted to come here and give it a try.  Came last night and didn't realize how close it was to my house, so that's a plus already, haha. 

As soon we walked in through the doors we were greeted by the owner, it's him and his wife and they are jut as sweet as can be. We didn't look familiar to him so he asked if we were new customers and of course we said yes. I noticed he recognizes his customers and that shows good character on his behalf. It makes you feel welcomed and gives you a family feel. 

So, we ordered the banana split and a fruit crepe and they were delicious especially because they use Thrifty ice cream, that's the second plus. They also have chocolate dipped bananas, mango, pineapple, banana bites and cheesecake!!! That's right, a chocolate covered cheesecake!! Unfortunately, they don't sell the banana bites individually and one is all I wanted last night but their $3.50 for 6 bites so it's a good price and $5.00 for the cheesecake. I will definitely try the cheesecake next time I come in. 

This is a nice place to come with your family on a hot day when you're craving a cold treat.
Phillip and his employees are friendly and kind! Love the crepes here and it's awesome that they have thrifty's ice cream
Was my first time here & I had the fruit crepe. Strawberries, mangos, & bananas all fresh with Nutella spread on the crepe. Can add a scoop of Thrifty ice cream for only a buck. Also, I tried the frozen mango & frozen banana bites which were both amazing! Definitely will be back. Very friendly staff!
Love this place. First time here and I'm amazed. The chocolate dip fruits are bomb af
This place exceeded my expectations! The crepes are, just as stated, tasty! And HUGE too! The store is cute, nice size, a few tables  and lounge couches and you have the option of eating there or taking to go. We chose to stay and indulge in a crepe. They give you the option for 3 toppings with or without ice cream. Ordering is super easy because they already set up a tiny paper that you can decide on what you would like from Nutella to chocolate to all the fruits and ice cream! Being such an indecisive person, it was so hard to decide! I chose a Nutella, banana, strawberry, with whipped cream, chocolate syrup, and chocolate malted crunch ice cream. YUM. The crepe was made perfectly, soft and chewy, with a hint of crunchiness at some parts. I also couldn't help myself, but we grabbed a couple chocolate dipped fruits, which were delish and reasonably priced. It comes with 6, and I chose to get banana, pineapple, and mango. Mmm mmm, good. My boyfriend's little brother chose 2 scoops of chocolate ice cream, and I got one scoop of rainbow sherbet. Thrifty's ice cream is always the way to go! They sell boba and other deliciously looking crepes which I will definitely need to try in the future! The lady who served us was really nice and friendly which is always an added plus. She gave us a punch card, and if you're someone like me who collects these from the best places, then this is an added plus!! If you're looking for a quick dessert stop with good prices and wanting to walk out like you're full and satisfied, tasty crepes is definitely the place to go! Pretty happy with this being my first review. :) 5 stars for SURE!
I been here so many times that's the owner knows it's me again. I just want to say is hard to find a place like this one here in vegas. Clean and welcoming place, they don't still from you giving you a good amount of ice cream and fruit.
I love this place! Sweet and savory crepes are delicious. The owners are very, very nice. Definitely a mom and pop place. The store has a nice layout and is clean. Haven't tried the desserts, but they also look awesome.
This place is amazing! first you are always very nicely greeted by the owners, they use only fresh ingredients, they cut the fruit fresh right there in front of you!! Crepes are made to order also from their own made recipes, and OMG!! their whipped cream, is also home made by them they make a batch almost every day and is to die for. It's a great place to go and unwind or get your food to go. Their frozen bites are really good too, I love that they have a rewards punch card and they always remind us when we go. Overall is just an awesome place with great people and amazing Crepes, Tasty Crepes that is!!!
Great as always! They remember what we get, i love this place , the owners are  always there with a smile and ready to  satisfy your sweet tooth wither is a crepe we choose or their delicious sticky rice with mango or just a fruit salad it's the freshest you can get. Just a great lunch or the best way to end your day Tasty Crepes is bomb awesome.
This place rocks! I know, right? It's not hip, it doesn't have loud "music" and, well, yes, there is the occasional sick person. Not the place to take a date. BUT if you are eating alone ... very inexpensive, wholesome / quality, fast and full of choices.

I discovered this place when my dear mother was staying in the hospital. You get: Hot entrees, with daily menu changes, hot grill, decent salad bar, cold deli sandwiches made to your specification, giant walk-up coolers with pre-made food, ice cream, popcorn and espresso. 

You can't find freshly prepared, quality hot food this inexpensive anywhere. I'm giving it five stars because it's the best value I know of in the Valley of the Sun.
I work for the hospital and am fortunate enough to get to eat here every day. The value blows everything else out of the water - including bringing my own lunch. Breakfast usually runs between $1 and $3 and lunch and dinner is typically between $2 and $5 and you can save even more if you ask for a Live Well punch card (free meal after 5 Live Well selections).

There are daily specials and tons of healthy options. I appreciate that the nutritional information is posted for each item so you can make smart decisions. I have worked at several valley hospitals and the food offered at Mayo Clinic is so much healthier and better tasting.
Great food for a hospital. Definitely impressed.

Pros:

1.  Plenty of parking for people to visit. Easy to find off the main highway (you want to take the 56th Street exit). Parking is free.

2.  Never thought I would say this but their lunch room is top notch. Great selection of food, labeled with nutritional information, and definitely tasty. Also, not break the bank prices. If I lived/worked in the area I would stop by here just for the lunch, that's how good it was to me.

Cons:

1.  None, I definitely approve of this place. Your health plan might be the issue for long-term care but I would definitely want to go here.
I can't deny it and even if I wanted to it wouldn't be in my nature to lie about this, but I went to Mayo to run many tests that had to be done all day and so I was starving when I stopped at their cafeteria and was blown away by all the choices offered for lunch. I ordered myself a turkey burger that day and it was quite tasty. I love the ambience and how the employees were very friendly. Also this cafeteria is huge and CLEAN.
Way better than an ordinary cafeteria, and much better than a typical hospital cafeteria! 

Food selection is varied, healthy, and good. Nutritional information is also posted, so if you're watching calories you can plan your meal.
The food is delicious! And because it's a hospital there are healthy alternatives. And they have Starbucks coffee! 
They make it easy to either dine in or get it to go. It's always clean and never crowded. Very inexpensive too. I had a tasty dinner for about $5.
As good as it gets for a hospital cafeteria!!!  Fresh, made-to-order sandwiches at the Deli Bar (think Subway), many selections of hot meals with nutrition facts listed on the menu, plus pre-made salads with yogurt and other single-serve foods.  And don't forget the salad bar, at $.35/pound has a wonderful selection of fresh ingredients. 

Examples of food from my family's visit:  a generous scoop of delicious chicken salad, with nuts & grapes, on a small bed of fresh greens for $2.15, hard-boiled egg for $.75; 12" spinach-wrap Deli sandwich with pepper turkey, pepper-jack cheese, romaine lettuce and horseradish sauce for $4.40.  

Like I said, as good as it gets for cafeteria food!  Try it...
This is the only hospital cafeteria I have ever enjoyed being at. They have a deli section that makes custom sandwiches, you can order just like subway :) And the Entree line has at least 4-5 choices with a very nice fish every time. And the best part... A ice cream section!!! Yes that's right, and let me say it's about time, what better time to have serious comfort food! BTW they have a large selection of healthy choices as well, so you can add fruit to your ice cream :)
I have a new second favorite corn dog!  (Hot Dog on a Stick is still my favorite, but with the closest location about 15 miles away, #2 will likely become my #1.)

The menu consists of burgers, hot dogs, corn dogs, fries, and ice cream goodness.  There are a few kinks to work out as my trip through the drive-through took about 10 minutes, and there were only 2 cars ahead of me, but overall the service was very friendly.

I thought this was an interesting location for Iceberg with a Sonic right across the parking lot, and the menus being so similar.  But I thought Iceberg was better than Sonic, so hopefully they'll do just fine here.
If you want a GIANT milkshare in a variety of flavors- this is the place to go. The food was cooked well and the staff was friendly. Next time I feel like cheating on my diet, this place is definitely an option.
I pull in the drive through and there was two cars in front of me. One waiting and one ordering. The car finishes their order and pulls ahead. I pull up in front of the speaker box. Silence. I wait a moment... "Excuse me?" No answer. I wait a couple minutes... "Hellooooo?" No answer. I wait a few more minutes. There i still two cars in front of me so I was unable to drive up to the window to see what's up. 

I look ahead and see that the drive through lane has enough room for a car to go to pass on to the side and leave, so I did just that! It was my first time there so I'm not sure if this long wait is normal but I was sitting there for almost 10 minutes with no greetings whatsoever. It would be a little different if I was greeted (maybe) and told to wait a moment but I was not. No response, whatsoever... that's poor service to me.

I will attempt to come here again and if the service is better and the food is good, I will update my rating.
2/17/13 Update:

I've changed my rating from 2 to 3 stars.

The reason: the milkshake. Pretty darn delicious. The wife tried the pistachio and I went with the rocky road. This place makes a killer shake! As per my previous review from last week, the drive thru was still slower than you'd expect from a fast food place. Would I return for the food? Nope. Would I come back o a shake? You betcha!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Wasn't impressed with this place. 

I ordered a #1 (Hamburger) with onion rings. Nothing special. The burger with alright. Nothing I was like OMFG!!!! The onion rings I didn't care for and would never order again. They were extremely huge and thick (that's what she said) and were over battered. 

Another thing that I noticed was the drive thru service was slow. The kid gave me my food first, and then I had to wait close to a minute to get my drink. 

I didn't try the milk shake and am willing to go back and try it next time I'm in the mood for one.
Ordered three kids meals and two #1's.   Took 25 minutes and when I said something they told me there were only 4 people working during the lunch hour.   Avoid this place.   Food was ok.
It's strange how your memory of a place comes into play.  I hadn't been to the Mesa location (long since closed) in over 8 years.  So I decided to stop in tonight in Gilbert.

Perhaps it was the lack of coordination being a new place, maybe my tastes have changed.  But I honestly enjoyed my daughter's Whopper Jr more than my entire $11 combo meal from Iceberg.  Yes, $11.  The 1/4 lb burger combo ($8.09) was $9.19 which included an up-charge of 30 cents for a regular sized (very large, 32oz or so) shake, plus an .80 up-charge for onion rings vs fries.

The (mostly) unseasoned burger patty was tender, and the bread was fresh, but it just didn't have any taste appeal whatsoever.  As someone else mentioned, the rings were very, very thick such that I received exactly 4 in my order, although they weighed in around 8 oz worth of onion.  And these definitely needed some salt and/or pepper.  I finally got smart and dunked them in the "fry sauce" basically a smooth thousand island dressing -- at least that somewhat approximated the direction of a bloomin' onion from Outback.  The extra order of fries ($1.89) were those corn starch dunked regular cut fries that never have appealed to me.  For those, I used the off-brand ketchup that they serve prepackaged in Solo condiment cups with lids.

Clearly, the best part was the shake.  Unfortunately for me, that came out within about 3 mins of placing my take-out order at the counter.  Then, after having inquired about my order, the grub finally came out 22 mins after ordering whilst the shake had melted.  I did ask if this was normal and was told, "no, definitely not."  I was rewarded with a coupon for a free shake.

Will I use it?  Yes.  Will I order something different?  Probably not; but I might try the corn dog by itself.  

If you go, give it a month or two to stabilize.  But there are much better burger choices around.
I don't know what the other reviewers were thinking - we heard about Iceberg from some friends and decided to try it because it was a family-owned small business.  Everything was delicious, it was a great value (we were so full!) and the ice cream was better than other similar places around.  Highly recommended and we will be back.
Great food! We ordered a cheeseburger combo with a shake in place of drink, and a couple grilled cheese sandwiches for the kids. The food was great! Cheeseburger was very flavorful and the fries were perfect with fry sauce! We ordered a "mini" shake which was anything but! All four of us shared one shake. I highly recommend Iceberg. Great food and fun atmosphere.
The flavor of the food is good and the onion rings are absolutely massive. My only criticism is that the fish strips are very small and consists mostly  fish was the fried part. Good flavor though. Friendly servers. Not the fastest drive thru. They we're out of my son's drink of choice. We will most likely give the place another shot.
The kids love the milkshakes...but the onions rings look much better then they taste. If I could have returned them for my money back I would have the tasted like burnt oil. they prices are a little high too.
I was driving by this place and checked yelp to see what it was, so glad I did! I saw the pics of soft serve and shakes and that's just what I was wanting so I went through the drive thru. 

This place has the best shake and soft serve I've had in a long time. I'm originally from Oregon it reminded of a place called Artic Circle before if went downhill. They even had fry sauce, which when I moved here I really missed places having! 

I got a kids meal for my child and a mini shake for myself, I think mini was a HUGE understatement because it was not mini by any means. I loved that the kids meal came with a cone as well. The corn dog was great and the fries are super crispy, the added bonus was the fry sauce. I was warned that corn dogs are made to order so it could be a minute wait but it wasn't bad at all. 

I will definitely be back!
I love this place!!!! The chicken fingers and ice cream are so delicious. 
You get a lot for your money. Nom Nom Nom.
I am only giving this establishment 3 stars because although it is good, it isn't what I would call a shake.  They advertise super thick shakes but it is pretty much ice cream in a cup.  They don't even give you a straw, just a spoon.  It didn't even beging to melt after a while.  So, if you like actual milkshakes this isn't the place for you.
My wife and I visited Iceberg Drive Inn for the first time and I did not love it.  We both ordered milk shakes and Iceberg offers "thick" milkshakes.  I did not realize that "thick" meant ice cream in a cup.  I commented to my wife that, when you serve a milk shake without a straw there is a fundamental problem.

The "regular" milkshake that I ordered was gigantic and I would not have ordered one that large had I known it would not be a drink.  My wife ordered a "mini" and it came out the exact same size as my regular.  We clarified that they had given her a mini and they said that it was.  Her cup was red and mine was blue and her cup was about half-an-inch shorter than mine - but, like I said, her ice cream was as tall as mine so I felt like a chump for paying more.

My chocolate milkshake didn't have much flavor.  I love chocolate milk and when I ordered the shake I was really looking forward to a good chocolaty shake, but it was really just cold with a hint of chocolate.

Iceberg Drive Inn wasn't a bad experience, it just wasn't good enough for me to go back to.
Ridiculously large "mini" milkshake! It was really good though! And their prices seem pretty reasonable as well!
I love this place the shakes (ice cream) one large is enough for a whole family. I see a lot of bad reviews but i really enjoy it. now the service is really slow in the drive through but the food is really fresh and the shakes are amazing. so worth a few minutes. i really like the zucchini as a sub for fries.

I noticed a lot of people put bad reviews because so teenager is going through puberty and gives them bad service. come on people really? can't you get the same crap service from any fast food chain?
I had high hopes for Iceberg - it seemed like a fun idea and I was looking forward to some yummy shakes. 

Regrettably, it was just not very good.

The exterior is the corner of a small strip mall, the interior is elaborately 50s dineresque.

We visited at around 9:30 or 10:00 on a weekend evening for shakes. There were NO other guests in the dining room and two employees at the register. 

We ordered, the employee was a typical teenaged fastfood employee - took our order but she didn't really make any other impression other than being very casual in her speech. 

We ordered shakes - I got the smaller size, my husband got the larger option. They took a looong time - probably 10+ minutes, which I thought was strange since there weren't orders in front of us. 

The "shakes" looked really odd when they came out - the shake stood up above the top of the cups. Although we'd ordered different sizes, there seemed to be the same amount of shake for both - the cups were just slightly different: super weird! 

In my opinion, a defining characteristic of a shake is that it is drinkable, through a straw. These were not... they were simply soft serve icecream that seemed to have been slightly mixed and then put into the cups. I got a chocolate peanut butter shake, which was chocolate soft serve mixed with a bit of peanut butter (like, Jif or something along those lines) My husband got chocolate, so it was just chocolate soft serve. The icecream itself wasn't flavorful at all, and wasn't even satisfyingly creamy. 

It was altogether disappointing and I don't recommend it, unfortunately.

:(
Been back several times and I will say they have some pretty legit shakes. They are huge! I like the chocolate chip one. The banana split is yummy, too. 

I had the food once and was not impressed. Will not be doing that again. This rating is solely for their desserts as that's what I go back for now.
I am so excited to have an Iceberg here in Gilbert!!! I love love love their Lime Rickey's....if you haven't tried one your missing out. Their shakes are enormous and so thick and delicious. I thought the service was great and everyone was nice and friendly. It's refreshing to have that level of service in this type of establishment. I highly recommend trying this place out. It's definitely a place I will be frequenting. :)
Horrible.  Please don't waste a dime here.
As Jessica P. states below, I also had very high hopes for Iceberg since I am a shake and frappe lover.
The ice cream tasted fake and I took about 4 bites and was done.
I don't see this place lasting for too long here.  There are too many other places within a half mile radius with better tasting shakes.
Personally I like this place!! I'm glad they are around, especially with their awesome shakes!! Service is great too! :)
WELL, I see all the below comments are ditto to mine.  1st time there and I can guarantee the last.  The food came cold and no taste whatsoever, the staff wasn't any different, that is if you can find them. "We waited almost
4-5 minutes for someone to wait on us, and when they did rushed us like they had somewhere else to be" (oh did I mention there was 1 other table there) soooo yes it wasn't busy AT ALL.

To bad in this busy location they won't last long either while their competition is.........across the street "Burger King" (not a much better example but a familiar name to all) ICEBERG even though it is a national chain "what kind of rookie name is that"...Oh yes did I mention Freddy's hamburgers only 1/4 of a mile (that's the one to beat) and no chance in that.

NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL....
This place is terrible! Customer service is awful food isn't very good  and you pay $5 for cheap ice cream with a little bit of toppings inside. All the workers here seem to have an attitude and when I asked for something different because my shake was terrible the girl who they said was in charge said " Hmmm do I want to be nice?" DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE! It isn't worh it.
Your strawberry shake is to die for. Great thick and delicious.  I have taken my grand kids to eat here and they love it.  BUT you had better share the shakes because they are huge in size, and I bought the smallest size.....  thanks a great place to eat and sit down and relax. thanks

Opps, I almost forgot to tell you about their onion rings. You have 1 whole onion in a serving !!1 They are the biggest onion rings that I have ever seen. Hummm good.

The place was clean, the help was great. We WILL be back again, but be hungry. Thanks. Wendy
Just got milkshakes, so review is only for them. Other than them being HUGE, there really isn't anything good to say about them. They are actually kind of bad. I got the grasshopper and my husband got the chocolate. I do not think we will be back (unless every other ice cream place in a 15-mile radius goes out of business).

You are better off heading elsewhere.
What's with all the hatin' going on here? Good food, Mondo sized milkshakes and decent assortment of fried side dishes. I really like that fact that you can add a bevy of toppings on your hamburger.  (Kind of like that other place. You know - rhymes with "Jive Ryes" ? ) I like 'em real big and juicy - and Iceberg did not disappoint. That is after I realized that you can add hamburger patties as an option. I had no problem with the milkshakes and THE 47+ FLAVORS! (Geez, these things are so good even you can even find them at Golfland!) Good food, kid friendly, nice peeps. Check it out for yourself and don't be a "sheeple".
Great drive inn!!! LOVE the shakes here, except I can hear myself getting fatter as I eat them
=(.
Don't waste your time and money. Ordered a shake and although it was huge, it was terrible. Had about eight bites and fterwards my tongue felt covered in slime. Will never return.

In response to the manager.
 Thank you but no thank you.
Food is good, but not great. Sloppy and messy, and fresh. I like the shakes, but they can lack flare -- find the one you like and stick with it! It's definitely worth a stop every month or two, whereas others in the area are worth it every week or two.
Love, love, love this place!!! AWESOME shakes, great food!! Fast and hot, staff is super friendly!! Anyone leaving a bad review here needs to go eat a bag of fish heads and shut there traps !!!!
I haven't had a bed experience here! This is my go to place for ice cream comes for the kids and myself as it's actual soft serve not the gross type of ice cream you get from McDonalds. Their shakes are good but to me a shake can be drank with a straw and these aren't like that so I don't really go here when wanting a shake. 

The food has always been good and we love the corndogs, you have to wait a bit longer but it's so worth it as they are always fresh and hot! I also cannot get enough fry sauce with my food!
The owner was working the counter, and explained the menu to us; what a nice guy.  Great burgers, awesome fry sauce, ONION RINGS that are colossal, and the best shakes you'll ever encounter!  The place was spotless and the service was lightning fast, too!
Okay, enough already! I think many of these reviewers only know the runny, thin, preprocessed milkshakes you get at other fast food joints.

First, my credentials: I grew up on Iceberg food in Salt Lake City. We used to go there for a burger and a shake on our way to a Friday night of cruising State St. In fact, the founder's wife was my high school Spanish teacher. Iceberg has been making these shakes for at least 40 years. You need to understand that in Utah, enjoying a big, thick milkshake is about the only "vice" many people have. I've lived in Chandler since 1999 and was thrilled to see this place opening up fairly close to my neighborhood.

This is what a real milkshake is, people. Ice cream, milk and flavored syrup, mixed on a shake mixer, not some synthetic concoction made in a refrigerated piece of machinery. 

The food here is good, the milkshakes are incredible. The service has been hit and miss at times, but generally okay. Make sure you get the fry sauce with your fries or onion rings for the "authentic" Iceberg experience. For a real treat, order your burger topped with pastrami and you will know true flavor on a bun.
So....this place is in no way terrible...but also in no way is it great.

The pluses:
* The "mini" sized milkshake is the size of a bucket. I was anticipating a DQ sized mini blizzard. Not so my fellow ice cream lovers. You will NEED to share this with someone. Or face the consequences of gaining 12 pounds instantly.
* Service was friendly.
* They offer sweet potato fries.

The minuses:
* No vegetarian option. C'mon...no veggie burger?? They offer a kids grilled cheese.
* The young man who took our order was...well, young and got distracted easily and confused about the menu items, which thoroughly confused me when ordering.
* The restaurant was not well kept. The dining area looked as if it hadn't been cleaned in a day. We ended up lightly cleaning our own table before sitting down.
* The bathrooms...well...not clean. Waste of washing my hands.

Probably won't be back personally, but if the cons were rectified, could be an ok place for the High School crowd.
We love the shakes! Big selection of flavors. The food is good, too. My only complaint is ten minutes waiting at the drive through window, when I was the only car. My shakes came out right away, and melted in my car for the remaining nine minutes. I'd suggest making the shakes last. Since the shakes are large and the ice cream extends above the edge of the cup, I had a puddle on the carpet if my new car by the time I got home.
Iceberg makes a great shake!! The "Mini" is huge and the "Reg" is gargantuan both are shareable sizes. For those of us who originate from Utah, they have fry sauce and it's yummy! I wasn't a fan of the onion rings (batter wasn't my favorite and the rings are to large to enjoy,) but their fries are good. They make a decent cheese burger as well if you are hungry. 

Recommendations: "Mini" Oreo & Cheesecake shake & Fries w/fry sauce
The food is just ok and sooooo over priced.  The shake is good but again way too expensive for what you get.  I don't think this place will be in business for long because they are just too pricey for what you get!
Best shakes in the world. For the same price as a DQ Blizzard, you get more than twice the ice cream and it's better. Great environment for kids, too.
A decent "backyard" burger and some interesting options for sides make this place I could return to for my fast food fix.  The ordering is a little strange, since double burgers are not listed.  You have to order a regular burger and then add an extra patty. Regardless, the patties are generous and a double suited my man-sized appetite.  I also ordered the fries, (monster) onion rings, and spicy home-fry style potatoes.  The onion rings are pretty large and in-charge with a massive crunch.  Fry sauce that comes with the sides is tasty... similar to ketchup and mayo mixed.  Couldn't really detect any extra spices on the "home fries", but they were scarfable nonetheless.

I'll be back to try the shakes, as it seems like this is what Icebergs is known for.

And I'll probably pop in for another "iceburger" sometime. But, as we all know, this classic drive-in indulgence is best considered an "occasional" food, as not to completely decimate my girlish figure.
Ate here for the first time today. I love the decor but was very underwhelmed by the actual meal type food options.. This is more of a snack and shake place. The prices are very high and even with using coupons we got in the mail we spent $17 for 2 burgers, 1 soft drink 1 "mini" shake, 1 order of onion rings and 1 order of zucchini.

My husband used a $2 off combo coupon on his order and I used a free onion ring with any shake coupon

The Onion rings are enourmous..you get 4. They come with a tasty sauce which had I not had I would not have eaten the onion rings..The batter was bland and basically tasted like oil onions.. The zucchini was the same way. .. Fresh thick zucchini but bland batter.

The burgers were decent, husband did his pastrami style and really liked that. 

We shared a chocolate almond joy shake. . It was supposed to be a mini but apparently they over made it and dropped the smaller cup into a large cup and filled it the rest of the way. . Unless that's how they make their shakes (cup inside a cup).. it was weird to eat half and then find another cup.  Melted very fast for a "thick" shake. . In fact was pretty liquid when we got it.

Prob won't go back.
Good shakes and a great value for the money. They also have a yelp check in for free fries!
We stopped here for the first time and was actually surprised that the food was decent and the ice cream is good. Hubby said burger reminded him of a old drive in. Cooked well and cheese was melted just right. 

I am only giving them three stars due to the lack of cleanliness around the restaurant.  The management needs to play closer attention to the details around the restaurant such as garbage cans, window sills, bathrooms and tops of tables. Understanding I am a Territory Facilities Manager so I tune into this type of details, but have a expectation when at a place eating good.  

Nothing was so impressive that will bring me back.
Totally disappointed!! Ordered the fresh strawberry shake & they used strawberry syrup. When we asked about it they told us - "oh sorry, we ran out".  The banana split had 1/2 of a banana, vanilla soft serve, chocolate & butterscotch syrup. Oh yeah, the were out of strawberries. 

Portions are huge but if the order accuracy sucks - what's the use? 

Stay away until they eliminate the bait & switch!
This is a place I do not enjoy paying. Their shakes are more like blizzards except with only one topping, it's a little pricey, the food itself is ok, and both times the staff here have been rude and tempermental. I got the wrong "shake" and asked the cashier about it but she just stared at me with this, "Are you really going to tell me I messed up?" face. I told her we got a cheesecake but it tasted weird like caramel. She looked at it then back at me and goes, "Uh, it isn't caramel." Looking basically disgusted she turned her back to me. Well it ended up being a butterscotch (we realized this once we got to the end and saw the syrup) but that whole experience was just irritating. The next time I gave this place a go another girl got mad at my dad for taking so long to decide. That did it. I won't be returning. The icecream is ok, but it is definatley not worth the workers' rudeness and impatience.
I re-visited this place in honor of my sister's dance recital (she insisted- I tried in vain to stop her) and the service did a flip-flop on me. Last time the workers were rude and snobbish. This time the workers were very friendly but horribly understaffed and slow. I feel bad commenting on how messy the floors and bathrooms were, because you could tell they were trying to do their best. But it still took almost 15 minutes for us to get our shakes, and they completely forgot about one table. Poor guys were running around like chickens with their heads chopped off. I just haven't really been impressed with this place.. shakes could be better and the food is stuff my high school has served. 

If you do go here, don't get the cheesecake flavored one. It will make you wonder what strange flavor they gave you.
Good Ice Cream... HORRIBLE Ambiance... (yes ambiance is a snooty word, but you get what I mean.)

15 minutes of looking at the dirty windows, dirty floor, pretty much dirty everything in a dining room that was too arm while waiting for two ice cream treats.  Place wasn't busy.
This is a fantastic place for that summer night ice cream shake!  We love experimenting with the flavors to get a new experience every time, although there are certainly the fallback favorites.  It's handy to have a good food selection, too. If you're looking for fast-ish food that's a monster step up from sonic, with a dining room, this is a good choice.
Best Ice Cream around!!  And every time i go in, they have something new on the menu (the frozen hot chocolate is to DIE for)!  Can't wait to get there for breakfast!  Super friendly staff and cool decorations!
I tell all my customers about the super cool ice cream cafe just down the street from my store.  Great prices and nifty, Thrifty ice cream!!!!  Plus, what an ideal family environment with a large chalk board, board games and electronic games.
I need to try that Frozen Hot Chocolate next time I am in.
Excellent ice cream shop. Customer service is top notch. Very friendly and welcoming! Great decor and a bunch of table top games to play with family or friends while you enjoy some Thrifty ice cream or one of their other great, unique creations. Monday nights are $1 scoops as well, and they are more often than not generous in their scoop sizes.
Went there Saturday (7/27/13) around 2 pm and the doors were locked. Would love to try this new place but this is the second time this has happened to us.
We decided to visit it after a friend told us all about it. 

We went after "meet the teacher night" at our school in Mesa, It was so worth the drive!

Will be going back alot more. 

Cant wait ill they have hot dogs.
Well, what can I say? It's Dairy Queen. Burgers, fried food, soft serve ice cream. I'd say "meh," but given the food desert that is Verona, with open arms I welcome this iconic American franchise to town. In fact, I rate DQ's burgers the best fast-food burgers in Verona. The lettuce and tomato are fresh. The patties are well-cooked, well-formed and you don't have to peel off the burnt, crispy edges before eating (I'm talkin' to you, Culver's). They beat Mickey D's and the overpriced, unremarkable Michael's burgers. Until a Five Guys, In-N-Out or Smashburger rolls into V-Town (fat chance, all), Dairy Queen will remain the fast-food burger king (small b, small k) of Verona.
Really good burgers & salads!!! $5.00 lunch boxes r the deal nice workers here at this location
We have been here twice on our summer trip and were very satisfied with the quality of food and with the pricing, regarding the fact, you are in Caesars palace. 
If your party is just two, directly pass to the bar and enjoy the wine list and the food.
Diverse Selection of Reasonably Priced Scoops, International Hot Dog selection, Shave Ice & RO Water.

The owner has taken the neighborhood pulse, got the cultural mix right, and should succeed where others have not.  

If you are one of the many led to believe tap water is toxic stew, your carbon filter can't get the summer swamp taste out of your H2O, or you've got W.C. Fields' water reference, this is a great, inexpensive place for water.  And you know, ice cream always seems to make me thirsty....

Personally, I'm a toxic stew fan.
Great customer service. 24 different flavors of Thrifty ice cream to choose from choice of waffle or plain cones yum! Clean water source and clean kept areas. EXCELLENT STRAWBERRIES AND CREAM YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS!!!!!
Same owner from when he worked at 19th Ave and Indian School. Water is super fresh and the many flavors of ice cream are mouth watering!
Great price for a hot dog, too :)
Once you become a regular,  the owner will remember your face and, if you have the time, sit down and chat with you. 
Love this place! 10/ 10
Great ice cream! Came to have their special. I will stop more often since they have a good variety of flavors.
My husband I are love this place! Great milkshakes! Prices are wonderful. Water is convenient especially if you're filling up a bunch of water jugs. We come here regularly and the owner is sooo nice.
These burgers!! These sides!! These people!!! ALL WONDERFUL!!!!

Flavorful, moist and fresh beef burgers served up casual by people who treat you like an old friend! 
The potato salad is so wonderful and creamy... It could rival your great granny's famous recipe! 
THE BAKED BEANS!!! Holy cow! They have a little bit of seasoned pulled pork spliced in with the tangy, sweet sauce and tender beans. 
Many, many great beverage selections to accompany your meal, as well as great old fashioned candies to delight the kid in everyone.
Right on the main drag of downtown chandler!
Eager staff who know how to please their customers, paired along with adorable artwork and tasty eats makes this place a MUST!!
Have you ever witnessed something so brilliant that the only thing  you could do was stop and take a moment to appreciate the scope of its awesomeness?

This happened after my first bite of the burger here at Wimpy's Paradise. The flavor! The texture! The toppings on my burger!

It has been a LONG time (maybe forever) that i've experienced so much flavor from a burger patty. If you are a fan of burgers you MUST try this place!

I will be coming back. If you drop in, tell Randy (the awesome owner) that the nice one sent you!
If you are looking for extra seasoning in the burgers this is your place. I loved sitting out front on the sidewalk and what I think is the owner seems to be hands on and super friendly. My only wish is that they had fries but other than that it's a great place and I will be back.
Great burger nice mix of Angus and Chuck with excellent seasoning. ..slaw was good..I'll try the Potatoe salad next time. .even a can of vernors.  Nice murals on the walls..
We enjoyed the beans and cole slaw very much but no one in my family likes the taste in the burger.   It was very overpowering.  The beans were a bit pricey.  The place is cute but small.  The kids were unhappy that there weren't fries.  The menu was very limited and we probably won't return because of the strong taste in the meat.  

We are eager, however, to try the hot dog place when it opens.
All the food is great, desserts are awesome, service is amazing, and the area is wonderful!!!
So I stopped by thus place since it's fairly new to downtown Chandler.  It takes a best theme off of the Wimpy Burger from the TV series Popeye.  

They serve two burger sizes 1/3 and 1/2 pounders. No French Fries but they do have a side of potatoes salad that comes with the burger. They do sell chips and all their drinks are cans or bottles. 

I ordered the 1/3 pound burger with cheese, the side of potato salad that comes with it and a bottle of water. All total was $9,40.

The burger was OK, nothing special as was the potato salad. For a buck more I could have a 1/2 pound burger with fries and iced tea at my local pub which serves up a mean burger. 

Nice try!
While one of the most friendly places I've ever been to  the comments seem to blow this place out of the water and frankly I just don't see or should I say Taste it. Burger was not juicy...not seasoned with any thing that I could taste. Potato salad tasted like it was from Fry's deli...not that that's a bad thing...just not home made. Soda selection seems to be the highlight of the meals. It looks like they went to the Soda Pop Shop in Scottsdale To Stock Up On Some Creative Fare. 
Oh and their candy store collection is great. ..straight from Sweeties. Neat selection! 
But the Burger was huge and Boring. Same with my husband's Naked chilli cheese dog and a lot more to do. 
Overall I am not sure if we we try them again
Service is perfect.  Decor is perfect for the style.  But food is unremarkable. Not bad at all just average.
Crowd pleaser!  Brought the whole family--Grandparents, cool Aunt, little ones--and there was something for everyone!  The burgers, dogs, & ice cream were all delicious!  The owner might be the nicest guy on the planet.
Stop by for one of their famous Pittsburgh dogs. It was unbelievable. You have to make this a regular stop!
A second location owned by randy! Customer service and good food will always always Always get 5 stars from me. If I can feel completely welcome and at ease and enjoy the food at a establishment it is easy for me to give 5 stars. It is so hard to come by amazing customer service this day and age with so many negative waiters/waitresses/bartenders that I've seen in my lifetime.

I am so fortunate to have yet another place where I can go to and feel like everything will go just fine customer service wise and enjoy my food all in one trip. Randy will always greet you or his family helping out as you come through the door with open arms. If I can give more than 5 stars for that feeling I endure id give so much more. 

On to the food we go!

I ordered just  something simple a classic burger with bacon, cheese, and of course the lettuce and tomatoes(hold the onions!!) and don't forget the side of cole slaw! My boyfriend on the other hand went the opposite route slightly and got a chili burger can't remember the name :( but good god was it delicious. I found myself after maybe 75% through with my burger to be slowing down to consume more but at the same time I couldn't help but to cut the remaining of my burger in smaller bite-size pieces and dip them into my boyfriends chili and consume burger and his chili combined. What a glorious glorious match. If you know Randy's chili like I do and his new burgers it's a match made in heaven!  Also let me just say as UN-American as I happen to be(growing up mostly with Filipinos) there happens to be plenty of American things I do not enjoy like cold sandwiches, potato salad, baked beans, etc etc etc. With that said, Randy's daughter introduced a sample of his baked beans that the spiced up to me regardless of my lack of interest in  baked beans in which I'm so happy she did. Now if I could get that sample size every time that would be perfect with my burger and chili I can definitely do since their baked beans are the only kind I can stomach and enjoy. I just can't do as much as most other people. 

With the glass soda products coming to this establishment as well makes this even more exciting since I love the glass bottle taste compared to the plastic bottles and aluminum cans. 

Oh randy you have done it again! 
Cannot wait to see the new Pittsburgh Willys  when it opens up!
I will gladly pay you Tuesday for a properly seasoned hamburger today.

My family has been to Pittsburgh Willy's and we enjoyed it.  I can't say the same for Wimpy's.  My friend and I both ordered the burger.  The burger was missing the unctuousness of a great burger, and was more like a drier, backyard burger.  Worse was that the seasoning was off.  A great burger only needs salt and pepper, this burger has had something else - like celery salt, maybe? - that was off putting.  A good dose of ketchup helped but wasn't good.  

If this place wants to do burgers it need to get down the seasoning and add fries and onion rings.  Why bottled iced tea?  I would bet a bottle of tea costs them more than a gallon of fresh brewed.   I may come back with the kids for a dog, but I won't be hurrying back for a burger.
Ok, so had to try this place,  Well for starters, if you are looking for a well seasoned flavorful burger, you will like this.  It is tasty.  If you are a purist and only want to know "where's the beef?" there are better places.  The service is great and the people are very friendly. The sides, meh.  Had the potato salad that was obviously prefab from somewhere else.  Canned sodas, loved the variety, especially diet.  Tea and water should be plenty and refillable.  Candy selection, subset of sweeties just down the road, but cute.  So, for the price, and the theme, I would expect scratch made sides, they are not expensive to produce and would enhance the status of the burger.  A word for the owners,  I would consult a lawyer about trademark infringement.  King Features and Dos Equis might not be pleased with the compromise of their trademarks without credit.  Brings to mind mega Disney suing day care centers for their Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck murals.
This was my second time at a Freddy's, first was in CO so I was looking forward to trying their food again. We went to the drive-thru & the girl taking our order was patient & didn't make us feel rushed. She repeated our order back to us which I always appreciate, especially in a drive-thru. We waited a min or so & our food was ready. Our car smelt sooo good. My husband & I both ordered double cheeseburgers & split an order of fries. Their fries are AWESOME! Super thin, crispy & the perfect amount of seasoning. The burger was way too much for me. I'm not a huge fan of large meat patties & thought the singles would be skimpy which is why I ordered a double, next time I will def order a single. I could barely finish. The burger was very flavorful & tasted fresh. Their menu of ice cream treats was huge & I look forward to trying something off of the dessert menu in the future. Can't wait to come back for more fries :)
Nice retro style fast food diner! Yet to have a mistake and always seems to be a clean friendly establishment when I pull up. Foods delicious, fresh, and very reasonably priced! Excellent location, they're quick.. I mean, what more can I say!? If ya haven't tried Freddy's Steakburgers and Frozen Custards go now! Oh, and they have veggie burgers just incase ;)
I loved the look of this place from the outside so I decided to give it a try. So glad I did. From excellent customer service that is fast and friendly to a clean welcoming environment that brings nostalgia to mind. It's exactly the kind of place my parents would have taken us to in the old days. Black checked floors and red booths and chairs. Order at the counter and they call your number when ready everything is cooked to order.
I had the patty melt combo and it was perfectly cooked with crunchy bread. The shoestring fries are good and since the burger was so tasty I decided to try their custard. Excellent in terms of everything and  I know I will be back.
I had been here a few years back while I was in town and didn't remember being here until I saw my review at another location and it was funny because I ordered the same burger and the same Turtle as last time. atleast Im consistent I guess.
too bad we don't have one close to home in Cali.
Disappointing. Had a burger and fries. The burger was nothing to write home about and the fries were ice cold and hard. Perhaps this place is only known for its custard? The music playing in the dining room was entirely too loud to enjoy lunch conversation. The restrooms were dirty!
Went there after movie worst burgers ever ! Frys greasy and cold bathroom dirty ! I would never go back music so loud at at register I could hardly hear the girl and she could not hear me
Freddy's at Elliott and McClintock has only been open a few days and is looking to be a worthy addition to the neighborhood.  The burger was large and thin (having obviously been smashed on the grill); edges were a little crispy and taste was generally quite good. Cheese was melted between the burgers and added some moisture and what my eldest daughter likes to call cheesy goodness.

Fries were  a little disappointing.  While the meat seemed to be of good quality for a fast food place, the fries weren't thin enough to be crispy or thick enough to be tasty.  I don't put catsup on my fries, but these needed it.  They were dry and lacking in taste.

So four stars for the burger, one star for the fries, five stars for pleasant smiling service in a drive thru.  I'd give it 4 1/2 stars.  Since it's new and I'm the first reviewer and I'm delighted to have a new dining option near my home, I'm rounding up to 5 stars.
I love everything about this place the cheese burger was thin but pretty good i really like the shoestring fries and the frozen custard rocks il go again
A few of my coworkers were raving about this place. They live outside of Tempe but work here, so when they heard a new location opened up by work we all had to go. I've only had it once but man was it good. They don't look like much but they are really filling and absolutely delicious. 

Definitely check it out! 

I haven't had the custard but I hear its phenomenal and if its half as good as the burgers and fries the frozen custard is going to be amazing.
Had the patty melt and a concrete here. The patty melt had a tiny amount of onions on it, with melted cheese on rye bread. I liked that the ground meat is cooked fresh as soon as you order it, but it wasn't as juicy as other burgers I've had at other places. The burger itself really needed the special sauce from the counter to give it more flavor.

The fries were thin cut, and just a tad over-salted.

The concrete was good, filled with thick frozen custard, with a lot of nuts, pineapple, and strawberry. It's no Ted Drewes frozen custard, but it'll do for Arizona!

Service was fast and friendly.
My first time here and I am not that impressed, the burger was small, fell apart and I didnt care for the fries.  At least I can say I tried it, but wont be back.
Seems to be some communication issues with this location.    The cashiers didn't have any system on when to stop taking orders and when to start filling orders.  The manager on duty had no clue either and was no help.  The cashier also forget the order was to-go.   The custard is good stuff but this location needs improvement
I always drive by this place on my way home from work,  so decided to stop by.   Ordered the double bacon burger combo with shoe strong fries,  and it was completely impressed.   First the burger,  the meat was tender,  and the lettuce,  tomato and pickles were all fresh,  a pretty good feat considering I went there 20 minutes before closing.   The burger meat was pressed thin and cooked perfectly,  and had great flavor.  The fries were shoestring, cooked nice and crisp and salted to  perfection.   I can't wait to go back and order another burger,  but next time,  I'll try some custard too.
A manager here once told me, they were patterned after Steak 'n Shake, I would believe it because it is delicious, the smashed burgers are crisped perfectly and the fries are as well.
Being from St. Louis and having Ted Drews and Bobby's custard finding the is gem for yummy custard in Arizona  is awesome. 
This location is walking distance to my house and always friendly service. Will make this a weekly treat stop. I can't say much for the food since were not really burger and fry types. But the custard is worth the trip.
Another reviewer who was also unsatisfied with the new mini Steak n Shake in Tempe suggested Freddy's.  WOW, what a nice surprise to have a steakburger that tastes great, fast and friendly service and a clean restaurant.  The menu is three to four times bigger than S & S.  I have been there twice now and was pleased every time, as were my friends.  Good Job!!!