This smoothie queen really enjoys her Smoothie King. In fact, at one time, we were quite the couple. I lived around the corner from this one, and you couldn't keep me away from his royal juices. So sweet. So ripe. So. So. Well, um....so blended. Yea, blended. Add a shot of wheat grass? Sure, why not. It will only make me friskier Smoothie King. What? A shot of triple Vitamin C. Bring it your majesty. I shall have increased stamina. And while your at it, throw in a bag of those all natural peanut butter filled pretzels. And while I'm waiting I'll peruse your homeopathic book, the size of an armchair, and get the latest on colon cleansing, liver detox and why your poop should be in the shape of an "s". Thank you Smoothie King. For making this smoothie queen feel like a young, healthy princess once again!
Well i have definitely had better smoothie's and the Staff while friendly seemed a bit stressed. The guy making the smoothies i think owned the franchise and the girl that was working for him didn't really seem interested in selling smoothies as she was trying to sell other products in the store. I had a strawberry malt...which was not bad which is why i did give it 3 stars rather than 2. My wife had the Pineapple, Strawberry, Kiwi, with protein smoothie. I tried it and i didn't really think any protein was in it....but wife did and she enjoyed and i guess that is all that matters...LOL

The other major problem was the price...a small cost about 5.00 for my malt and the smoothie was close to 4 bucks. You can get a large one for that price at Jamba Juice and while the products at Smoothie King are all-natural that is still expensive. So if you want a decent smoothie for the price go to Jamba Juice...if you want all natural, expensive but decent smoothies then go to Smoothie King. Eat, Drink and be Merry my friends!!!!
Poor Smoothie King....it looks like you're not exactly everyone's cup of tea but I still heart you. I have grown up on smoothies from Jamba Juice during my junior high days, Blendz during high school and Juice It Up throughout college and post grad. While almost any smoothie can make me a happy camper I would prefer Smoothie King if possible. While it is a bit pricey I enjoy the texture of smoothies here more than others. Jamba smoothies are icier than I'd like and Juice It Up is more creamy. Smoothie King is more about the fruit and that's particularly refreshing. Each time I have gone the service has been great and we watched our smoothies being made with no problems or concerns.
I used to love this place back in high school, so I decided to drop in for a delicious protein smoothie. 
I ordered a medium high protein smoothie, and was absolutely salivating over the upcoming flavor as I hadn't eaten all day.

 Well my first disappointment came with the price, a whopping $10.00 for a d*mn medium smoothie! Holy cow! What are they adding to this to make it so god-like you ask? I have no idea, my only add on was friggin peanut butter, which was only a small dollop. 

My second complaint was the service, although it wasn't awful, it certainly didn't entice me to ever want to return. 

I think I will stick with One Stop Nutrition, I can get the same exact smoothie, with peanut butter, for $5.00. 

I'm not trying to bring the gavel down on this place, but they certainly need to double check their prices, I definitely don't taste the quality or see the justification in charging an arm and a leg.
If you want to be treated rude by the staff and enjoy sub par smoothies then this is the place for you.   I love smoothies and had never been to a Smoothie King and was in the area so decided to give it a try.  Big Mistake!!  When I entered the store there was an older man towards the front and a younger girl making smoothies towards the back.   The place only had about two people in it.   No greeting given by the older man at the front.   The menu here is very, very hard to decipher.   The menu board is so discombobulated you don't know what end is up.   It lists the name of the smoothie for example, "Cranberry Cooler" or "Immune Builder" but they don't list what is in these smoothies.    You have to look at a "to-go" menu to have the smoothie ingredients explained.   I asked the older man what was in the "electrolyte mix" (as this was listed as part of the ingredients in a smoothie I was considering)  his answer to me was "ARE YOU KIDDING?"   "You have electrolytes in your body.  They are minerals"    I have no idea why I even continued with my order after this rude treatment.   Anyway,  I ordered a "Light and Fluffy" smoothie.    Basic ingredients;  OJ, Banana, Strawberry.   It was average at best.     On the expensive side too.  Over $5.00 for a small.   Sorry for the long review but this place deserves only one star.
I am not a huge fan of smoothie king as I am a total Jamba Juice girl, so the only reason that I give them 5 stars is because I was AMAZED by the customer service I received this morning. 

We went in there earlier this week, and I was casually chatting with my boss about not liking papaya etc while the lady was making my smoothie. This morning when we came in, the same lady was there and she remembered all of my comments from earlier in the week (even though I wasn't addressing them to her) and offered to make me a custom smoothie with mango juice instead of papaya and no dairy or protein! 

My custom smoothie turned out super yummy! I wish I knew her name so that I could suggest she get a promotion because she is truly an awesome employee!
The guys working here seemed very bothered I wanted to purchase a smoothie.  Very unfriendly!!
I love this place. All the shakes are geared towards being healthy unlike Jamba Juice. And many contain 300 or less calories in the 20 oz size. The staff was great in making suggestions and explaining their supplement/protein options.

I ordered the Island Impact which already comes with protein in it, and it was delicious. Will be back again next time I'm in town for sure!
I've been to this location a couple of times with an OK experience, but tonight we arrived 3 minutes before closing and the clerk had already turned off the open sign and locked the door.  We tried to walk up to see if he would change his mind but he wouldn't even look up for at least a minute, endlessly staring at the floor or at the walls in an attempt to avoid eye contact...low class move.  I would have minded less had he simply acknowledged us and said "sorry we're closed".  It was almost closing time - I understand wanting to go home - but regardless it's not the way to treat customers.

I have contacted what I presume is Smoothie King management (Greg) about this as well.
I look forward to the days I get my Angel Food smoothie with no turbinado. Ever since I started drinking smoothie king I am unable to really enjoy jamba juice smoothies. Right up my alley.
I love the fitness cafe... it is simple healthy fresh food and a laid back atmosphere with good people-watching if you like looking at athletic people.  Anthony, the owner, knows his regulars by name.  I recommend the carbless salad or the grilled chicken with veggies and rice if you are hungry.  The sandwiches are good also.  Fitness Cafe is not open for dinner, but go for breakfast, lunch, or a healthy smoothie pre or post-workout.  I am pretty sure they have a kids menu too!
Fitness Cafe is a unique place with great food. As the name indicates, this establishment caters to the health concious. The menu is posted on a giant sign over the cash register and each item includes # of calories, grams of protein, and # of carbs. Fitness Cafe serves breakfast, but I always go for lunch. They offer a wide selection of sandwiches, salads, pasta plates, and delicious smoothies. My favorite is the Olympian Pita with chicken.

As previously stated, Fitness Cafe is a great place to people watch. Also the walls are adorned with autographed photos of well-known bodybuilders including locals. 

FC is not open for dinner. I think they close at 4 or 5 pm.

Very fun place with healthy, delicious food. Say hi to Anthony. He'll know your name after 2 or 3 visits.
Good sandwiches, salads and wraps.  I haven't tried the smoothies but they look good.  Locally owned and operated which is cool.  They have all nutritional info right on the menu. 

I highly recommend the Cross Trainer (BBQ chicken salad), the Flex (turkey on wheat with veggies and honey mustard) and the Olympian Pita (what they call a Caesar salad on a pita).  The sandwiches all come with pasta salad that's out of this world (i don't think the pasta is included in the nutritional estimates on their menu).

There will most likely be a line of weekdays at lunchtime. 

You can always call ahead and they will have your stuff waiting.
vegi sandwich was slimy and didn't stay together. restaurant was dirty.  mirrors and pictures looked like they hadn't been attended to in a long time. floors and table were filthy.  no one was available to pick up plates or wipe tables down. I don't think I would return.
Arnold wrap....awesome and healthy!  The bbq chicken salad is always tasty. Friendly staff...with East Coast style :-)
Time for a Fitness Cafe update seeing that I haven't reviewed them since October 2007!

Since then, I'm not as much a regular only because it's not as convenient as it once was now that I'm living and working in Old Town.  I miss it and pop in whenever I am in the area.  After 12 + years in business, they are still going strong.  They remodeled a few months back and the place looks good.  It still has that East Coast feel to it, and it's extremely comfortable to go in and dine solo like I did today...

I went with my old standby special order: the carbless salad with turkey instead of chicken, add lettuce and avocado.  It's so delicious - i especially love the honey mustard dressing they have... Today I was extra hungry so I had a bag of sun chips with it.

Friendly service, healthy food, quality ingredients, moderate prices - what can be bad?  Say hello to Anthony for me when you go in!
Fitness Cafe.  You walk in, its clean and tidy. You can see what is going on behind the counter, which I love.The owner is awesome, extremely friendly.

The only annoyance is that if your in sweats and glasses and not feeling like running into anyone "Scottsdale" this is not the place.
Pretty much looks like the LA Fitness in Tempe or the 24 hour fitness next door. Which is understandable. If anyone has been to either of those locations- its one of those gyms where the girls where butt sucking spandex and prance around from treadmill to treadmill with an Ipod in one ear and a cell phone in the other...

Not all of us are on the HCG/HGH train-so between the photos on the wall of the hottest bodies around and running into the Affliction wearing meat-heads I try to avoid most days.......it doesnt make me wanna shove my face full of any sort of food, healthy or not.

Gotta say-LOVE LOVE LOVE THE MENU.....SO MUCH TO OFFER. So many healthy choices, in fact if there was a fitness cafe express/drive thru... I would eat there daily, breakfast lunch and dinner.

The menu has smoothies, breakfast wraps with egg whites- my favorite is the "All shook up" which is a combo of chicken, rice, broccoli etc...If you order a chicken sandwich thats exactly what it is. A very nicely cooked piece of chicken...not like anywhere else where you know they just stuck a costco special piece of chicken in a deep fryer.

On a scale of 1-10 for the food I would give it a 9.7, deducting a smidge for flavor- but who cares if it is healthy right?????

Location and no drive thru ---- 6.....
It's been a few weeks since I've been to the fitness cafe and have been a loyal customer for years (again, that's to Gabi K) in any case, the food is healthy and the counter service is fast. It's a great spot for lunch and pretty much everything on the menu is delicious! I've had omelets, salads, wraps and smoothies. Anthony the owner, is a nice guy from NY and appreciates his loyal customers. The carbless salad is one of my faves although I try something order new every time. definitely check it out but call before bc I think they have odd hours.
Only 8 Reviews (none filtered) and the Fitness Cafe has been around for like ever. Come on Tony, where's the love.  Here it is.... I love the Crosstrainer salad. It garnishes 5 stars for sure. A huge portion or chicken, veggies, corn, etc.  A great meal.  I love the "Ferrigno"... a great chicken sandwich with vodka sauce... nice touch.  I love the low carb salad. I dig all the hot pictures on the walls and the customers are always the fittest group in Scottsdale. Great smoothies and tasty ice teas.  Dining alone? No problem... Tony provides tons of reading material (magazines, current news papers, etc) for you to pass the time.  Only downfall is the prices are just a bit high for counter-service-strip-mall-dining. But what's a buck or two extra when you're eating healthy.
Closed! Bummer.
I was very sad to see this restaurant go. I wish Anthony the best and hope he opens up somewhere else!
As one who came to this place several times a week, I was horrified to see this place shut down. This restaurant was the landlord's greatest asset (much more so than the lease), what a moron upping the lease price like they did, assuming that's what happened.

I'd love to learn of it if Anthony opens another restaurant in Scottsdale. I'd be there in a heartbeat. Great food!! 

Meanwhile, does anyone have any recommendations for alternative restaurants for healthy food? I've been regularly going to Coffee Plantation, they have a delicious breakfast wrap, a great chicken waldorf salad sandwich, and some amazing lettuce/spinach salads. But if there are other healthy places to eat in this area of Scottsdale that are worth recommending, please share! I'm hungry!
Another terrific find during my lengthy stay in the 'burbs of Las Vegas. This place has excellent wraps. Quick service, healthy food, clean. 

Between Pizza Cafe and Tropical, I'm learning to love strip malls in suburbia!!
This location is ok. It's kinda small, the portions for the sandwiches etc aren't that great... the smoothies are excellent though. Friendly staff... it only loses a star for how tiny it is inside. Barely any room to sit anywhere if there's like 3-4 people in.
Good food but the young staff can never get any to go order right. They are too busy talking about their social life
Got the special combo that included a small smoothie and half a sandwich for 6.99. 

And it was a lot more than I bargained for. 

First off, the "small" smoothie was anything but. I got the Kiwi Quencher and could barely finish is. Delish though. 

The half sandwich was really a hefty piece of bread with a generous amount of turkey, tomato and guacamole. I'd recommend the turkey, guacamole to anyone. 

Good stuff!
Great place for a pick me up , people are always friendly
Probably the most consistent smoothies chain. I like that they post calories. They are a little expensive and the girls working the counter don't always seem like they care all that much. Service is generally quick and I like their frequent customer card. All in all, you could do a lot worse.
If you want a decent smoothie, this place is pretty good and they have other items on the menu to eat.

1.  Service - not shabby. I believe that the cashiers would do awesome to offer suggestions like extra shot of protein, and etc to help people understand the nuances of menu, since many things are vague.

2.  Noise - When you have blenders going at full speed, it is very hard to hear the counter person.

3.  Smoothies - very nice tasting.

4.  Service again...- Wouldn't it be awesome if they could mark the smoothies when  you order multiple ones?  I am not an expert at what is what. I mean, it is easy to tell the difference between coke and 7-up, but the smoothies are not so easy to differentiate.

5.  Overall - check it out, very nice.
Ordered the turkey and gaucamole sandwich and the papaya smooothie for $6.99. Such a great deal and the smoothie was HUGE! Everything was made fresh and tasted so good. I will be back soon!
THANK YOU FOR NOW BEING 24HR! i'm a regular at trop smoothie. i love me some pineapple twist (although they discontinued it on their menu, i had to write the recipe on my phone just so i can tell them how to make it), i also love me some peanut paradise with soy and 1/2 splenda. the king ceasar is my fave wrap. and i'm not too familiar with their sandwiches. but its great that they have fundraisers for different organizations. and it's always a good visit when you have a free smoothie from your punch card!
The service was excellent, but the drinks are not my favorite. I thought that maybe it was just the drinks that I was getting, but after switching it up a few times, I still haven't found a drink that I would order consistently. 

Tropical Smoothie uses sweeteners to accentuate the flavors of their drinks and I am not a fan of that. I got the Get-Up-and-Goji ($5.39). A blend of goji berries, peach, orange, banana, and non-fat yogurt. I got mine with Splenda. I overheard a guest ask for theirs with honey. So there are options. Maybe next time I will ask for none and it will be more suitable for my taste. I just like simple all fruit smoothies. In the end, my stomach was a bit upset and the artificial taste of Splenda overpowered the drink.
This review might not be fair because I'm not a smoothies person to begin with.. But the three stars include the review for the food as well.


Pros:
-they serve hot sandwiches and salads. Buffalo chicken wrap is very good!
-open early for breakfast
-healthy options available 

Cons:
-only one size for smoothies
-even though I only get one type of smoothies, they taste different each time or at different location. Not very consistent. 
-the I've tried about 5 sandwiches and none of them were good at all, except the buffalo chicken wrap. The sandwiches are very dry, hard, barely anything there except the bread.

Will I come back here on my own? Probably not.
My every Friday morning joint.  The smoothies are great and the breakfast sandwiches are amazing.  Even at 3am the employees are great...
I walked in and it immediately smelt like throw up. I couldn't even wait to order-- I had to leave. Gross!
So I periodically visit this Tropical Smoothie location.  I enjoy their smoothies and breakfast sandwiches.  I usually get the Sunrise Sunset.....delicious!  The service is usually great but this last time I went maybe the two employees making the  smoothies were having a bad day but they completely forget my order.  So after sitting patiently for about five minutes.  I walked back up to the counter and asked the young lady if my smoothies was finished.  She asked me "Did you order a smoothie"?  I reply "Ummmm yes I did'.  Her response was "Oh was which one did you order?"  Now in my mind I was thinking "what does the ticket say?" but I respond Sunrise Sunset (delicious).  They must have been busy following Justin Bieber's meltdown on Twitter.......but the 3 people after me got their order?????
Hadn't been to Tropical Smoothie in a while and I was looking for a quick shot of wheat grass.  I ordered a smoothie and a double shot - smoothie came out quick but the wheat grass took longer than I expected.  I enjoyed the flavor very much, but don't care for it warm.  I'm not enough of a connoisseur to know if that's normal or not.

I was also disappointed to find out that they add sugar to their smoothies.  I didn't realize this, so didn't know to ask them to withhold it.  Seems a bit underhanded - it should be clearly posted as part of the ingredients.  Having said that, it explains why their smoothies are so tasty.  I'll chalk it up to "buyer beware" and know that they are a yummy treat, but not as nutritious as I had hoped.
I love tropical smoothie. But this location lacks everything. I went there earlier today to get a smoothie and a flatbread. I placed my order then waiting about 5 minutes for my smoothie. 4 people came in after me and placed orders as I waited for flatbread. They all got served before me. I had to ask where it was and they said "the order slip must have fallen behind the counter. We will make it now". I waited over 25 minutes for a flatbread. Then when I got home to eat it, I don't understand how it took 25 minutes to make. There was a very small amount of chicken in it and 2 sliced pickles and that was it. I will never go back to this location again and its right around the corner from my house. I will drive a little farther to get better service.
My friend and I went in to get some smoothies and a meal after boxing. We were very disappointed because our hummus wrap took 15 minutes to make and they did not even tell us it was going to take a few minutes. We were the only ones in the store!! We had to ask if they forgot it and the girl said that some other guy was going to make it but there was no guy to be found. A guy walked in and they did not even greet him. We could tell he was disappointed as well.
Fast service... Great smoothies... Love this place! I have been going here for about 4 years... My favorite smoothie is the chocolate banana smoothie.
I like their smoothies , but the machine that make wheat grass shots breaks down alot. Im curios is it really out of service ? Hmmm.
Ordered my usual peanut butter cup smoothie. The smoothie was average not a creamy as they typically are when I order then from Tropical Smoothie Cafe. Still good even through it was more of a slushy rather than a smoothie. :) 

The disappointing part was that when I walked up to the counter to place my order I was looked at by what appeared to be a teenager who lacked customer service experience. She immediately didn't ask me what I would like and I blankly stared back at her until she got my hint. She finally asked what I wanted to order. The level of customer service flowing in this place is so subpar it is ridiculous. This Tropical Smoothie Cafe location could be generating much more revenue if someone higher up gave a damn about customer service.
This is the worst one. More than once my wrap has had little to no substance and the kids that work here are rude. I drive to one farther away from my house because I hate this one. The owner needs to do something
I spent many an afternoon here in high school, and the smoothies were better then, but that's the only thing that's changed. The menu is smaller and doesn't seem to be as diverse, but walk in at 3 o clock on a weekday and you'll find hoards of teens meeting up with their buddies , little dudes with their ear pierced who think they look cool spitting game at the cute 14 year old girl next to him, and the surly 17 year old with black hair and black lipstick behind the counter. LOL.
Ah, yes...Tropical Smoothie. I wanted to like you, I really did. But when I came in and your staff of 3 unhelpful and rude teenagers glared at me for forcing them to labor for their pay I knew any chance at us having a thing were unlikely at best. I placed an order for two smoothies and two sandwiches. Pretty basic stuff, no? Well it turns out the answer is indeed, no. They got everything wrong and failed to apologize for their mistake. They simply remade the order. No refund was offered, no apology, nothing. I won't return to this location.
What an awesome spot for lunch!!!  Two mojo fish tacos and a large smoothie for $5.93.  Can't beat this price!!!  The Island Green smoothie is a must have.  The young gentleman behind the counter was very polite and friendly.  Glad I found a local spot for delicious and healthy smoothie.
I love the Peanut Paradise with whey protein, splenda... and i sub the bananas for strawberries! taste just like PBJ!!!
Tropical smoothie cafe is an interesting place, you can get away eating healthy if you know what you are getting. I prefer to get their smoothies as a meal replacement or add a bunch of protein to it after a nice work out. They do have some good food options; like wraps, sandwiches, salads, burritos and etc. 

The main reason why this location gets 3 stars is that a lot of times the team members who work, seem to only be there to collect their paycheck with minimal focus on customer service. I ordered a thai salad and lets just says that it was done in a hurry without adding all the ingredients. I barely had any dressing on it and the chicken felt like it was microwaved for 2 minutes. 

Good news is that you can't mess up the smoothies since there are quick recipes labeled on a board for each recipe. I got their new Island green smoothie with Splenda, Pinaple, mango and other island fruits made the flavor very refreshing. I would highly recommend this smoothie to anyone. 

Overall, staff needs be better trained and more enthused about their job at this location. Also, the parking is also pretty lousy.
I love their hummus wrap here and the smoothies of course. I subtracted one star because it's a little pricy and it smells kinda funky.
Slooooowest Trop Smoothie everr!!!
I frequent this location since I work in the shopping center n it's always a drag even when they r slow :/
Their island green smoothie is my absolute favorite. It's sooooo good. Every time I come here, I get great service and never have to wait too long for my smoothie. I love that this place is conveniently open 24 hours so I can stop by after I get off work (I work really late hours sometimes) or after a late workout.
I've tried several of the smoothies here and they're all pretty good. Blimey Limey and Sunrise Sunset are my favorite since I don't like banana. On my most recent visit I tried the Sunrise Salsa. It's a breakfast burrito with salsa. Not bad. In the past I've had some of the chicken wraps and they've been ok. They are fresh and better than any fast food sandwiches. Also it's open 24 hours.
This place is seriously the best place to go for boba. the boba pearls are always fresh and warm, and the prices are cheaper compared to other places. You can find this place right inside the chinatown mall. The place  is fairly small, from what I remember there are only two sets of tables. But it doesn't seem like people hang around there so there is almost always a table to sit around at. Heck, if not just go browse around in the other stores! Sitting's overrated anyway. xDD
Having been obsessed with boba tea for the last month, our never ending quest to try every boba tea joint in Las Vegas lead us here.  Although this place is called the Sesame House, you would never know it.  Its inside the Chinatown Plaza mall area where they have a sign outside just saying "No. 1 Boba".  

I would say this is probably the second best place I've been next to Tea Planet but the prices are better here.  Not too much of an atmosphere though.  But the fruit is fresh and they do have quite a selection of dried fruits etc.
My family and I call this "Sunday's Best" because we're almost here after church enjoying refreshing all-natural boba tea.  Red bean, Taro Fresh, Lychee and Coconut and Durian flavors are my fave.
It's 115 degrees F outside and you've got burn marks on your butt from sitting on the leather seat in your car trying to make it to Chinatown through the underpass as fast as you can. There's traffic. "Damn tourists are everywhere!" you mutter underneath your breath. You think that waiting for the light to change at Paradise underneath the monorail shade might just help....especially since your a/c went out the other day. But the traffic pushes you just barely out of the shade and into the blazing noon sun. You cry out in pain, "Dang this sucks!" They keep saying it's a dry heat...but it still hurts. Solution? You need a cool refreshing fruit slushy boba....and you need it fast!

As far as boba goes....I prefer mine with fresh fruit. I don't subscribe to the powdered mixes that some people prefer b/c I find them far too saccharine. Even other boba shops that purport to make fresh fruit slushies make it far too sweet for my tastes. If you're like me, this non-descript, unassuming little shop inside the Chinatown Plaza mall (just to the right, 2 stores down from the entrance) makes some of the absolute best fresh fruit slushies with boba I've ever had in the bay area, NYC, Houston and elsewhere - prolly a near perfect 10 for me!

The boba itself is done right - not too hard, not too soft. It comes a bit warm like all places, which then melts the fruit slush a bit more....tempering the sweetness even more. They have an extensive menu choice for fresh fruit - mango, watermelon, etc. (Just look to the side shelf and you'll see all the fresh fruit they buy to make their creations!) They even run seasonal specials - look for the signs near the counter. My fave? The watermelon with boba. Otherwise, the kiwi or the honey dew melon are close seconds! 

This is totally a mom & pop joint and not some bubble tea mecca like Tea Planet just a few doors down. So not much space to sit in...but just order a couple and sit on the steps of the plaza near the entrance to cool off from that Las Vegas summer heat..or walk around and peruse the store next door for some pretty kitschy stuff - we once saw a belt buckle with the LV sign saying "Welcome to fabdau Las Vegas". That's awesome.

I don't like their coffee, or black tea versions of boba. For that I'd go elsewhere (TP seems to be the best), but they do one thing better than those other places - cheap, fresh fruit slushies that aren't too sweet. 5 stars for the "No. 1 Boba"! They're "fabdau"!
Tried this place for the first time last week and we were VERY happy with everything we tried.

We ordered egg fried rice, veggie egg foo young, shiu mai, chicken noodle soup, won ton soup and pepper steak.  Seriously, everything was really very good!  The soups especially were a great surprise....all the noodles were the homemade long egg noodles.  Yummo!  

As the previous reviewer stated, the service does take a little longer than your normal take out place, but it's well worth the wait.  

The service is outstanding and everyone was very friendly.  

I highly recommend Jasmine Express!!!
You know you've ordered from a place too many times when you walk through the door and the owner shouts your name and address.

But we can't help it. My husband and I love Jasmine Express. The chicken wings are crispy and served on a bed of shredded cabbage and sliced Serrano peppers. Little bits of chicken skin fall to the bottom of the pile, and the  resultant mix is even better than the actual wings.

The Singapore noodles have a complex melange of flavors that make me want to read Dune and whisper "the spice...!" between mouthfuls. 

The potstickers are equally delightful, as are the cream cheese wontons. Fried rice fans should try the basil fried rice. Better yet, order it extra spicy.

They even have Boba tea - my favorite is the lychee.

Unlike the previous reviewer, we've always had fast service here. Deliveries arrive hot in less than 30 minutes, and take out orders are even faster.
Pretty decent Chinese delivery as far as Vegas goes. Haven't found something GREAT yet, but this is my #1 delivery for now. They were very friendly and I asked about military discount and they gave me 10% off the order. Food was pretty good. Definitely Americanized :p
I'm not normally a Chinese food fan, but I've been craving it like crazy lately! We had an excellent experience this past week at Jasmine Express. Any place that delivers is a plus in my book... especially when it arrives much before the said time and is delicious & piping hot! We had beef broccoli, house fried rice, & the walnut shrimp. All of them were fantastic. I have a new found love for walnut shrimp, AMAZING! The only down side was they said they didn't have brown rice which I did see on the menu. 4 stars!
The fried rice is pretty good (we always ask for no peas no carrots and more bean sprouts and green onions). 

I would also recommend the szechuan chicken and walnut shrimp.
A decent Chinese resturaunt i must say. Food was good and came out very presentable. The hostess barely speaks English so its hard to explain a specialty order and hard to understand her coversation but she's very nice.

The building was very clean with spacious seating. There's one t.v. to watch and I'm sure you could arrange to have the channel changed to whatever you like. 

Not too expensive due to have a lunch special. Very chill and relaxing and did I mention how good the food is? Lol

I ordered the kung pao chicken which was amazing!! A bit spicy but I expected it to be. Not stingy with the chicken and evened out with vegitables.

Overall, the place is amazing and is proud to have Yelpers eat the restaurant because they have a big sign at the register that thanks fellow reviewers such as you & I.

Will definitely be eating here again soon.
I come here at least once a week for my lunch break. They have lunch specials from 11am-3pm ranging from $6-$8, but I come here for the Combination Pho. I think it's the best dish they offer. This is probably the only place that serves Pho on this side of town.

Call ahead to order your food, because they take a long time.
This is the best Chinese ever!
My wife loves the Hot and Sour soup and orders it regulally, they now know her and treat her very well, sometimes with fried rice and other times with spring rolls.
It is always amazing!
soo addicting!!!! I live in Henderson and I went here because my cousin lives in N.las vegas and told me about this place. I love the beef combination pho soup!!! Sooo bomb! They said no msg...hmmm...but still soo good! I am craving for more at the moment. Restaurant is clean and friendly staff, and also tried the chow mein which was very tasty as well!!! 5stars!
Yea I went there 3 times on Thursday with my brother, then I went my cousin & my goddaughter Emma Saturday, then Monday this evening I went with my cousin, her husband & my goddaughter again. I love Jasmine Express. I like the Chow Mein & the pork yummy yummy.
We got takeout from Jasmine Express about a week ago. It was decent, but not incredible. The Mongolian Beef was very good, the dumplings and fried rice were okay, and the Orange Chicken was just meh (didn't even taste "orangey" at all). I would recommend JE, however, my wife and I actually prefer New China Cuisine which is right across the street. Overall their food is better and they do combo family meals which helps keep the price down a bit compared to JE.
So glad I found this place. We used to have to drive way into town just to satisfy our craving for pho! This is the first place in north las Vegas that sells pho! Just right up the street. Good prices and good pho!
Meh. I've experienced better.

Here lies my meager attempt to find some good pho.  I can't go too long without some, and strangely enough, it seems to be a rarity near me.  They seem to specialize in Chinese food, but all I was interested in was the Vietnamese.

Hard to screw up pho for me.  All it needs is the right ingredients and just take a hot minute to get to me.  I'll probably blame the usual clientele for the limited pho selection, but I have also seen worse.  This is the first time I've seen tendon pho all by itself; usually it's along side tripe and other meats.  This could have been very disappointing as I don't typically see a lot of tendon in pho, but no, they were generous here.  On the other hand, for an establishment that prides itself on fresh ingredients (even says so on the menu), their condiments were far from such.  The lime, basil, and sprouts looked far older than I cared to guess.  I drowned them in the hot broth before I decided they might be unappetizing -- except the sprouts as they were just too far gone.  Maybe if they hadn't called so much attention to their ingredients, I would have been more lenient.  Noodles and broth were sufficient in quantity and quality.

Here's a little story: I had a tad too much sun earlier that day and was quite burnt.  I know: strange that I would want hot pho after being sunburnt, but I just had to have it.  They had the plus of being an all Asian staff; I almost prefer it when there was a language barrier to overcome -- typically a sign of authenticity.  And I found some of that with the waitress.  Now there was one exchange that I just wasn't understanding, but after a bit of back-and-forth, turns out she was asking me if I was drunk because of my red face.  While funny at the moment, it sadly once again made me think of what kind of clientele they have to put up with to require that kind of question.  At least she was nice about it.  Another interesting note was the television had a soccer game on in Spanish.  This was a first for me in an Asian establishment, and I'll have to be forgiven for asking about it.  Turns out the owner himself likes it and speaks it.  Supposedly the regulars expect nothing less.  It was these experiences more than the pho that might make me return.
By far the best chinese I have had!  I love chinese food but most places I go upset my stomach as well as my husband's.  This place seemed fresh, not too greasy, and super delicious!  I prefer fried rice but I must admit I love the fluffiness of this white rice.  The staff was friendly and the restaurant clean.  Most definitely my new go-to place for chinese cuisine!
I was excited about this restaurant because I could get a bowl of pho without having to drive across town. The pho is good but the service is terrible. Delivery time is over an hour so I decided to pick up the next time. I ordered two pho and 1 order of egg rolls. I left my house 10 minutes after I ordered thinking it would be ready by the time I drove up there. But I was wrong. When I got there not only was my order not ready. I don't even think she put it in. Also she told me that there was only enough pho for one order something she could have told me over the phone before I drove up there. So I waited in there hot restaurant for another twenty minute just to receive half my order. I was not offered anything for free to make up for their mistake.
It's hard to find good Chinese food anymore, especially with delivery. This place got the job done. Did it blow my mind? Eh, not really, but it had some high points.

I found the chicken fried rice totally awesome. Just salty enough, great flavor, really good.

The sweet n' sour chicken was good, but they should consider putting the sauce on the side when doing delivery. It was very soggy, so I ended up pulling off the outsides and just eating the middle.

The lo mein would've been good -- the chicken in it was white meat and cooked well - but the noodles were way overcooked (again, likely due to the delivery time), so they were mush. And I though it was a little bland.

The pork wontons I really liked. My boyfriend didn't like them as much because he really likes those kinds that are just a big fried noodle with a tiny dot of meat in the middle. These have more meat, but are still quite good, in my opinion.

The crab rangoon was... average. Cooked well, tasted fine. I'd order those again, but they weren't a stand-out, really.

The steamed rice was cooked well and not mushy or underdone.

The whole thing, including delivery tip was $40 or so, not too bad and they were right on time -- 30 minutes.

I'd order from here again, though I might try some other items that won't sog-out, preferably something with vegetables!
Yep, I'm a fan! My friend and I drove past this restaurant once and one day decided to give it a shot... She got beef and broccoli and I got beef and green pepper. Beef and green pepper is pretty much just like beef pepper steak. It was only a 15 minute wait, so we went next door to smiths to grab some wine and kill time. After reading reviews, I'm curious as to what 'pho' is and how it tastes... that might be the next thing I try!
I like this place. There aren't a lot of good Chinese/Vietnamese restaurant choices up north- unless you're into the usual china-a-go-go type places. People are friendly and courteous and are more than happy to make any order cooked just the way you like it. The food is good too.
They have Boba! that alone gives them 5 stars! Finally a good boba place in north las Vegas :)
We went based on the reviews and we were pleasantly surprised. We only tried the combo pho and the combo vermicelli, but they were both good. My husband liked the ice coffee too. The service and variety were fine. The food is better near Chinatown, but that doesn't mean this place wasn't good for what we had. I do think the AC needs to be turned up. Good Vietnamese food near Aliante.
Got to love the Spring Rolls and Strawberry smoothie with boba.  

The first time I went here, is with the wife.  Since she saw the reviews were very good.  So trusting the yelpers out there, I decided to tag along.  I was kind of skeptical since it was next to a Smith grocery store and a Subway.  It is a decent size place to eat at.  The inside looks nicely decorated and the staff seems really nice.  The seating arrangement was kind of tight in a sense, but we were able to sit and eat in.  

I usually have my spring rolls, and they were really good.  I really like their Strawberry smoothie.   I had their teriyaki Bowl, which was good, and decent.  The wife had the Pho and thought it was okay.  

My overall thoughts, I would come here for the spring rolls.  But dining in, is okay, but probably during the off time, like after lunch or before dinner.  So if you're in the area, you should try it.
Loved the pineapple fried rice! Scrimp was huge. 

Just as good as Sanam's but no wait time!
.I have been going there for the last 6 months.  I love the Pho soup.  They do a wonderful job of packing it up for take out.  It is wonderful having it here in North Las Vegas, and
save a trip from going to Spring Mountain.  The girls working up front are so sweet and
helpful.  This is my Asian restaurant in North Las Vegas.  It is a hidden secret.
Well Shucks.  I wanted to like the local Chinese joint, but I was underwhelmed two times.

I had the basil chicken.  It just didn't taste very good - I really can't explain it.  The fried rice was real dark with nothing in it.  

I can't remember what I got the second time I went... I did see crickets crawling around the floor both times I was there.

This is basically your typical local Chinese restaurant.  It is probably okay if you just want to stop by and get a quick cheap lunch.
Let me start off by saying the food is okay for the price. I was a little disappointed because my order wasn't right. The shrimp was overcooked, hard and rubbery. One of my egg foo young patties had a rotten taste to it, but the other three patty's were okay...go figure...
I expressed my concerns and was given another fresh order the next day. So I will give them another chance. Staff is friendly and place is clean.
Overall we really liked the food. We started with yummy crab Rangoon to share, then I had the Singapore rice noodles which was nice & spicy. My husband had cashew chicken and it was also great. I do have to say after we took a table in the sit down part of the restaurant, we noticed 2 of the tables had food & drinks leftover from the last customers & they didn't get bused until we were paying our check & leaving. Also while we were eating, we overheard the girl taking the orders over the phone had apologized to 2 different callers for having delivered the wrong food. So I would suggest to come in & order take out rather than order delivery. Hopefully the next time we go, the tables will be bused. Overall the food came out quickly & tasted great but the service could use some work. We gave it an 8 out of 10.
Groupon brought me here! The menu is extensive and they serve a lil bit of Thai, Vietnamese, and Chinese entrees. I was craving Chinese this time and decided to give it a try; ordered pineapple fried rice (tasty, with 6-7 pcs of shrimp), sesame chicken (just ok), & combination vermicelli (good), all to go. We didn't have to wait too long (10 minutes). 

The food is at least 3 stars (A-OK and I will come back). I'm already marking down what I'll try next. The staff were all friendly and helpful. They pointed out that they always have specials going on, whether it's $20 worth of food for $10 Groupon or 20-25% coupon on their website. Make sure you check in on your Yelp app so you get 2 free veggie egg rolls.
Horrible service!! Served me old food!!
Bolba is on point. That's the only reason I go here.
There are a lot of Chinese restaurants around here.  Unfortunately they all kind of taste the same.  The food here was good, but nothing stood out as extraordinary.
This is really more of a 2 star rating...but given there are not too many options in North Las Vegas....relative to the area and the options available, it gets 3 stars.  It's pretty much a glorified panda express menu with some Thai/Vietnamese offerings.  We tried the Vietnamese food....the grilled pork&shrimp, egg rolls, rice option and the similar vermicelli bowl option. The meat was rather dry and slightly on the salty side.  The egg rolls were quite mediocre and flavorless inside.  The noodles were cooked well....We also tried the fried chicken wing appetizer...and they were tasty but perhaps that was due to the excessive use of MSG as seasoning...none the less it was crispy goodness but I probably drank 3 glasses of water after the appetizer.  Will I come back?  Perhaps....there are just those days when I'm too lazy to drive....
I have enjoyed eating lunch at this place many times. UNTIL my last visit. I sat down for lunch and just started to enjoy my soup. I noticed an ant on my knee and squished it thinking nothing of it, then I noticed the floor which had hundreds of ants which were feeding on a piece of fortune cookie. I brought to the lady's attention and had a guy come out to take care of it. I simply moved to another table. He had a trash can, a broom and dust pan. He swept them up, put them in a trash can which he then placed behind the counter. REALLY!?!? The ants aren't dead now you just got them closer to the kitchen. I mentioned that to him but he didn't care. As he was mopping the floor where they used to be, he hit the planter and two American cockroaches came running out. That was it, I was done because they probably have German roaches in the kitchen. I have not been there since. I like the food but I am concerned about the cleanliness of the place. 

NOTE: I am in pest control, however I do not service restaurants because I enjoy eating out. But they use no one and they should. Hopefully they do now.
the food quality is not consistent. the wait is oh so looooonnnggg, every single time. once, i called in my order and gave them 45 minutes to prepare my food, and when i arrived at the restaurant, i waited another 20 minutes. and while i paid as soon as i got there, i was asked by staff if i had already paid before handing me my food. today will be the last time i set my foot here, because you made me wait again...oh jasmine express, you keep breaking my heart!
We have been going to the Jasmine Express for the past year and a half.  Each time the quality of the food has been getting worst.  The portion sizes are decreasing.  Tonite we ordered the Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao Pork for take out.  We spent $19.00 including tax.  Our container of Mongolian Beef and white rice was only half full.  I was disappointed and called the restaurant.  We have ordered Mongolian Beef before and have received a full container.  When ordering 2 entrees  
we have always had plenty of rice.  When speaking to the young man on the phone and telling him how unhappy I was, all he said was so sorry.  To top our disappointed evening off more, we found a piece of hair in the Mongolian Beef.  It is time for us to take our busy elsewhere and past on my bad experience as a warning.
I have to write a review for this place because there are so many high reviews that I think they must be fake. I'm not a picky person, but the food that I got was bad. I got the Korean barbeque ribs and I couldn't even cut through them with a knife. They were all fat and hardly any meat. I don't like how there's no one in the restaurant to greet people when they come in. The girls go in the kitchen and even though the door makes a noise when someone comes in, no one comes out and they end up standing there awkwardly and waiting like 10 minutes. It made me feel uncomfortable when two separate customers came in and waited like that and started getting mad when no one came to them. The restaurant also doesn't seem clean. I went in the bathroom and it was dirtier looking than a gas station bathroom. There was no soap or paper towels at all. This was probably one of the worst restaurants I've been to (although the waitress we had, a little girl who looked like she's probably in high school, was really nice).
Found something that looked like a pubic hair on the rim of my glass... I cancelled the order, and will never return.
Good decent food.  Good service.  Bathroom is not so great.  And the general ambiance is very much on that lower end fast food vibe.  It would get a solid 4 if they fixed up the place.  The food was good though. 

Food was a 4
Place was a 2.5
By far the wost 40$ I've spent at an Asian restaurant. Came in ordered and everything was ready in ten minutes. The food tasted recooked, old,  mircowaved. Not worth what I paid. Will never come here again!! Totally gross. Panda Express is better and that's saying something because they have crappy food too.
My local Chinese spot never disappoints me... Good service (for a Chinese restaurant at least) fresh and fast I go at least 4x a month!
Totally disappointed. This was my 4th time eating here and quite possibly my last. 

First, I ordered the speciality fried rice (The server described it as "the white fried rice and not the dark") It came with chopped pork, chicken and whole shrimp. The shrimp had their intestinal tracks still intact. The chicken was really dry which makes me think they used old leftover pre cooked chicken. And the rice was hard and some pieces were crunchy. When fried rice gets stuck in my teeth, it's not good fried rice. 

I also ordered the rare beef Pho. When the server brought the plate of Jalapenos, bean sprouts, and thai basil, the jalapenos were dry and rotting, the basil came wilted and had a lot of brown spots. I asked her to change it out and she did. 

Usually whenever I get Pho, it comes steaming hot. Since I only saw little puff of steam, I knew I was in trouble. I went to stir it and the noodles on the bottom were still clumped together, and a small ice cube was in the noodles! I pulled it out and kept stirring the Pho to loosen the noodles. Usually when I get the rare beef, the soup cooks it because its so hot. Not this time... After I tasted it, I called the server over and asked her if she could warm it up in the microwave because it was luke warm. After 15 mins, the little old lady in the back came out with the Pho and said that if I order rare beef it will stay rare. I told her that was fine, but I didnt want cold soup. 

When I got the Pho back, I could tell she just boiled the hell out of it because it was full of floaters from the cooked blood from the rare beef. It just looked disgusting. I couldnt eat it, and asked for my check. Instead of making things better, the server just gave me the check and I paid 25.00 for NOTHING. (I did drink my Thai tea)  

There was a total lack of service. There was only one other person during my entire visit. Nobody ever really checked on my table. And it was hard to get the servers attention when I needed something.


I am really surprised at the quality of the food, because their sister restaurant Da Lat is outstanding. I thnk the manager or chef at Da Lat needs to pay Jasmine a visit....
Food was greasy. It was hot in there and service was ok. Food was alright. I give them ONE whopping "bleh" star and ANOTHER as a thank you for the free egg roll upon checking-in through Yelp. :-p
Great food. Their pad tai was to die for.
Hot and sour soup is very bitter. It is almost like it is made of pure sour. Food is decent. My husband enjoyed the rice. It was mediocre Chinese food.
I stumbled upon this location when my gf was under the weather and needed some hot pho to help her feel better. Its a small hole-in-the-wall place right in between Vons and Subway. As I entered in I was greeted by the only server there, Chris. As I was going through the menu for take-out (which is really nice because most of the dishes have pictures) I was noticing Chris' customer service and he was well knowledgeable and very customer friendly. I ordered the Plain noodle pho, Pan fry beef vermicelli, and special combo rice plate which came with 3 eggrolls, shrimp, and grilled pork. Now before I tell you how bomb the food was, I must pause for a little constructive criticism. If you plan on doing a take-out, call in AT LEAST 15-20 min before hand. I seriously waited for 30-35 minutes while sitting down with my back against the glass entrance wall where the waiting seats are with the Sun beaming on my back. A lady to the right of me that came in a little later than I asked me if I called in before or placed an order when I came in because she said she called in 20 min before and has been waiting for 45 MIN - AN HOUR. -which is ridiculous for any restaurant especially when there's very little ppl. Did I mention the sun is beaming down on our backs? I knew I should have gotten that thai tea...lol. The lady also said that the total ambiance of the place changed but the food was always good. That being said, THE FOOD WAS BOMB. Great proportions and decent prices. The Food was actually fresh! -Definitely something you want when ordering from an oriental/asian restaurant with all the seafood and vegetables they utilize. 

Great/Fresh food.
Great customer service.
The only reason I gave 4/5 stars is simply because with just a few arrangements the restaurant can look a lot nicer, And the wait time for take-out was long! Especially with the chairs against the glass entrance wall. But the Food was great and worth the wait.
WHEW...lol
This is my first review but felt the need to post.  Used groupon so gave them a 3 star for the value.  Like groupon and they generally work out good for me.  Ordered S&S pork and Kung Po Chicken both were just OK.  Fried rice also meh to ok.  Red sauce/sweet? came with the order but had some kind of burnt pieces floating around in it, not sure if that is the way it was suppose to be but I've never seen it before.  Crab Rangoon-way over cooked wontons-filling was OK but skimmpy.  Tempura Shrimp-skinny, dry and hard-close to inedible.  Veg Egg rolls-inedible-had to throw away.  I am not a picky eater but literally could not bite thru the egg rolls.  Sorry will not be back.  Maybe the Pho food is better.
Closest pho from my house.. Not as good as the ones close to china town but it'll do! Waiter is always friendly and service is quick. But if u want pho in north Vegas this is the place to go.
Probably has to be one of the worst sit-down restaurant experiences I've ever had. The service is overlook-able. i ordered the beef noodle pho. The broth itself is pretty bland and felt like a chore to eat. It was a herbal beef broth with a slight sweet taste to it. Nothing special. The noodles were alright and the vegetables (Bean sprouts, cilantro, onion; the lime was a little dry) were fresh. 

The bad rating comes from the beef. The actual beef muscle was okay but the beef tendon tasted pretty spoiled. I've eaten soups, including herbal soups with beef tendon. That did not come close to the weird nasty taste this tendon had. Quite overpriced as well. Better/similar prices in other locations. Would recommend New China Cuisine right across the street. Kinda similar but at least the beef was decent quality and the portions are great.
we visited first time for to go food. Being vegetarian order spring roll, Mix vegg and it was horrible. we would never ever recommend this restaurant to any of our friends and family. Food quality was so down, vegetables were not at all fresh. Spring oil with oil and have no idea what they stuff. 

There is no zero star otherwise could have given "zero star"
The same Chinese food you will find in any clone Chinese takeout joint. It serves a purpose if you are broke or drunk, and little else. Heavy on the deep fryer and sugary sauce, light on quality. Although it may have been an isolated incident, the one time I ordered delivery, they quoted me a half hour and it ended up being well over an hour.
this place is a joke... I came in and ordered 2 smoothies and they made me wait 25 minutes for 2 drinks... they gave us a straw that had sticky substance on it... WTF. it was expensive for no reason and the smoothies weren't even tasty. NEVER COMING BACK.
This place has good cheap food.  No complaints...the service was a LITTLE slow considering there we're a ton of people in there, but they did go BUY jallapeno's when I asked for more which was WAY above and beyond. We got the veggie spring rolls, thia tea and pho...it was all really good.  I got a yep appetizer for free and a buy 2 get one free thia tea, which was exciting!

Bottom Line: This is definitely a good Vietnamese place...I'll be going again.
Service and timing are really lacking, but the food is good. First, we've (fam of 4) always had our food delivered and this time decided to dine-in. I'll either stick to delivery or have to place our dine-in order 20-25 minutes before arriving and hope that they have our small order ready to serve at one time instead of 10 minutes apart on a not so busy night. There were only 3 tables occupied including ours..the other two tables were couples. One table complained because they served the dude the rare beef pho and not the well-done. So hearing that and experiencing what we did with our order, I'd say to make sure they repeat your order back to you. Try their other fried rice, they're tasty...the regular kind is a waste of $.
Just had lunch for the very first time here. I can't believe I'm about to leave Vegas in a few months and have been here since '09 and have never eaten here.  I had the shrimp pork vermicelli and my wife had the lemon chicken. Both were excellent. When you come here you must try the Boba Strawberry Smoothie! Great prices and nice portions, will definitely be back soon!
I have been coming here for a few months now and Jasmine Express is still the best in Las Vegas compared to what China Town has to offer. The service is excellent. Chris and everyone who works here are really nice and treats the customers courteously.
So I found this place via the EAT24 app as I have two young kids and taking them anywhere is just a joke at this point. So I haven't been into the actual restaurant but I have ordered delivery a half a dozen times. I have one word for the food.. PHO!! I might have a slight addiction to asian noodle soup and theres is exceptionally good! Ive had it 4 times this week and will probably be getting it again tomorrow! I also ordered the Pad Thai and it was pretty good. About a 3 out of 5 for the Pad Thai.
Do not request your order for delivery. Took us almost 2 hours to get our food and we are still waiting. Very disappointing! We called to find out what's going on, someone picked up, then hung up on us. Never eating here again.
I'm very excited that I found this place! North LV is not exactly known for excellent Asian cuisine. 
I actually stumbled upon this place by sheer accident  (or lazyness, i'll let you be the judge of that). 
the day i ran into this place, i was feeling tired and under the weather. All I really wanted was some comfort food, some Tinola with rice and some fish sauce :) (tinola ~ vegetable, ginger, soupy strew, usually made with chicken) but the only way i was going to get that is if i made it myself, so i headed to smith's. once i got there i changed my mind, and decided i was so not in the mood to cook at all, but that was not gong to fix my hunger issues. so i walked into jasmine express, and was pleasantly surprised to see pho on the menu. Of course that is exactly what I got and it was actually very good! 
Besides Vietnamese food, i was very excited to discover that they offer Thai food as well. It's about time!! 
They have some decent pad Thai, pad si ew, and thai tea boba.
 Needless to say I am over the moon that finally found a place so close to me, that serves Asian cuisine other than Chinese and Japanese and is really good. 
Definitely recommend!
Here I go again.  I get a craving for Pho soup and don't feel like driving across town
to Spring  Mountain, so I ordered take out at Jasmine Express.  Big mistake.  I notice the windows were so dirty on the restaurant, that I wondered about the kitchen.  I had to wait for me order and seen a dead cockroach on the floor and flies all over the place.  This is Vegas, we don't have problems with flies due to the heat.

When I got home with my soup my container was only 1/2 filled with broth.  The onion and bean sprouts were brown and old. 

After adding my own onions and bean sprouts, I wonder when the last time the health department was in for inspection.  I highly recommend eating at your own risk when visiting this restaurant.  It is a hole in the ground and get worse everytime I visit.
This place has improved quite a bit since the last time I visited. I must say that their ph is just as good as the ones in china town. The portion size is good and the price is average. Definitely will be a place I will continue to go to for my ph cravings and Thai tea bobas!  Even bigger plus is that it's right in the north Las Vegas neighborhood.
Awesome place for pho ! Special combination is good,  but there serving is  not consistent sometimes you get a big portion then next time you get a sad face
 :( but this is the only restaurant that serves pho in my area . Service is excellent ! Hope 
This information is useful :)
Walking in randomly I saw they had boba milk...it was an experience...it didn't taste right and to top it off the boba was still hard in the middle and it was full of ice...not worth the $4.05 if you ask me...could get one for a better price and with a better taste down the street..will not be going back..
Meh!!! 
The downside - The pho soup was just alright and the restaurant was a bit dirty and the service was slow. 
The upside - The staff was very nice and the price was good.
Overall it was just an average experience.
Chinese and Thai food awful. Vietnamese food...meh. Boba also meh. Enough to tide me over when I can't get to Chinatown. And they deliver (sometimes) when I'm super lazy.
This restaurant rates. #1 on the worst Chinese fast food list in the country. I have lived in many places and in many states and this "restaurant" is the worst. 

We ordered Crab Rangoon & General Tso chicken. The crab rangoon was very small, overcooked and had a smear of who knows what in it. The General Tso chicken had something that resembled paint thinner and smelled like it too. The chicken was the cheapest quality a restaurant could buy. For fear of spending the weekend in the hospital I stuck to the overcooked crab rangoon and some rice. I was desperate!

If you have the iron stomach and complete lack of taste buds to try the food here you might want to avoid the duck sauce. That was nastier than the paint thinner, er the chicken.
I have given this place chance after chance. I don't know why they have the elderly man still making the food. I have nothing against him personally and give him respect for trying, but it's clearly time to retire. The food is HORRIBLE! I order two orders of Egg Foo Young for me and my friend. That was $25 down the drain because neither of us ate more than 1 of the 4 patties it came with! It was the WORST EFY we have both ever eaten. I feel bad because it was my idea to go there!
I will NEVER give this place my money again!
We've been coming here for the past 2 years. The food was good then but I don't know what happened? The food had gotten worst! Even that...food was AWEFUL!
I ordered some Vietnamese food that I've been normally ordering. Today, the looks and taste of it is totally different. The salt and pepper shrimp that is supposed to be fantastic was very very oily and soggy. The Vietnamese spring roll with shrimp was smelly and yucky, ended up not eating it. The Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce was so over cooked and it was floating in its sauce. The fried rice was dark brown, it was overloaded with soy sauce.

I  complain about it but they did not even offer to exchange it or make a new one. Not even an apology for this AWEFUL meal. 

Jasmine Express you are done in my book! And for all of you out there who wants to try....Don't! You will be very disappointed!

AWEFUL..AWEFUL...AWEFUL !!!!
BAD FOOD...consider this as a warning!
DO NOT EAT HERE!!!
I had a great experience with takeout here.  Mostly it was because the food was inexpensive and delicious...what's more to say!

Do yourself a favor and enjoy the Vietnamese spring rolls.  They are $4.95 for two huge rolls packed with cilantro, lettuce, and shrimp, served with yummy peanut sauce.  I have not yet found a place in Vegas that does a better job with true spring rolls--not the fried junk I see on bar menus.
Their food is made fresh as soon as you order!  Therefore if you are wanting fast Chinese food like China a gogo or Panda Express which tastes like junk, don't come here. The wait is worth it here! I call my order in, even if I'm going to eat in the restaurant about 10-15 minutes before I arrive to give them a chance to have it ready or get my order in before others. 
Their Chicken Noodle Pho Soup is delicious!!!! I eat it at least once a week!
The only reason I give them 4 stars is because about 4 times out of 40 plus visits that I've order the Pho soup they must have ran out of cilantro and instead of getting more or informing you that they are out (what is Pho Soup without cilantro??) they just pack it up without and you are disappointed when you get home. At least you could stop and buy your own if they let you know they ran out. 
That's my only complaint and that's very minimal for the amount of times I have had their Pho.
My boyfriend first discovered this hole in the wall because it was right next to Smiths, however it's an awesome thing he did because I LOVE the food there. I'm not big fan of Chinese food but this place changed my perception for the better. The lunch special that they have is really cheaper and you get a lot of bang for your buck. Depending on what main entre you get it can range from $6.00 per plate to about $12.00, the meal includes soup of the day, the entre, egg roll, and a huge helping of their amazing fried rice and the best part it actually comes with either iced/hot green tea with free refills. I personally like the basil chicken, it was large pieces of chicken as well as fresh vegetables. 

I've tired many pho places and Jasmine Express has a legit broth which as you probably know with pho is a key element in the pho. I found it to be flavorful and I enjoyed every bite.
I wanted crab fried rice but they use the face stuff so I pass on it. I'm not sure who the guy was working behind the counter but he suggested  I try their dinner special rock crab with salt and pepper for $14.00This had to be on of the best dishes I ever eaten! The portions was huge,If I was back in jersey and or something like this it would have cost more line $25. This was the best $14 I ever spent!!
DO NOT EAT HERE...HEALTH HAZARD!!!! My water glass had 2 jagged cracks/chips on the rim, and the waitress didn't care, or offer me a new one. The orange chicken was rock hard, I actually could not force a fork to go through it, and it was in a dirty brown, obviously burnt sauce that had a stale, foul smell to it. The fried rice was so hard you may have thought it was just uncooked, but because the possibly peas and carrots were the same suspicious color as the burnt rice, you knew it had been re-heated repeatedly. From the entire terrible meal, I strongly believe they heat, and reheat, over and over again the food. I tried to explain to the server that I could not eat the food, and to please take it off of my bill. She started screaming! "We have this problem ALL the time! ALL the time the people do not want their food and they do not want to pay for it. You pay or we call police." I really wanted to wait for the police, so I would have an incident report to go along with my complaint to the Health Department...however I had an appointment to get to, and I am very embarrassed to admit I paid for this awful, days old food. I would NEVER eat here again, even if it was free.
I was very very surprised with my food the last time I came here. I was struggling between Beef noodle soup, special combination pho or wor wonton soup. I wanted something with udon type noodles but wanted something of the pho flavor. I was aware that udon noodles was $2.00 extra but it wasn't offered with the pho soup. I ended up getting the beef noodle soup. A lady brought out my soup which I'm assuming was the cook and she was apologizing for it being awhile but I didn't mind. The soup had such great flavor and was a bit spicy which I really liked. I enjoy spicy food and always choose something with heat anyway. I did add the bean sprouts and jalapeos before I even tasted the soup but I don't think that caused all the heat. The noodles actually complimented the whole dish so I didn't care about udon type noodles anymore. There was also big chunks of beef and fat which added so much flavor. I was soo delighted and happy with my meal. I complained to my friend how whenever I eat out I'm never quite satisfied with what I order lately, and this night I WAS satisfied lol. The waiter was really nice and was aware of when we would need water or anything else. Pretty good service and excellent food. Definitely a hole in the wall Chinese & Vietnamese restaurant. I'd recommend any day! Btw, try their Thai tea! It's deelish! :D 

Not completely 5 stars because when we first walked in the cashier/waiter gave us a look then he asked if we were eating in or for take out. That look just threw me off.
Food is great. Customer service... not so much.
I really like this place when I need to satisfy my Pho kick! The Pho is always delicious, and ordering pick up is always very quick. I always order a Thai iced tea with boba and usually they are on point, but this time it seems that they have switched their boba. The boba instead of being the large balls are now the small tiny ones. Still good none the less, I just prefer the normal boba size balls.
My boyfriend and I were hungry and it was my turn to choose the spot to eat. I've been telling him how good this place was and after his first time eating from here, he didn't quite like it. Mind you it was a pick-up order and he had ordered something he's never tried before. Shrimp Tom Yum soup! It wasn't my favorite either. But I enjoyed my Beef noodle soup as always.

Anyways, he wanted to go to Aliante buffet for the fact that it's cheap and right up the street from us but I convinced him to try this place out again. The service was good as always, we got to choose where to sit and was given enough time to order. 

I got the lunch special Kung Pao chicken and my absolute fave, their Thai tea! Even my boyfriend loves it. I swear it's the best Thai tea we've ever had!! He chose Curry chicken and ordered an appetizer as well, chicken wings. To be honest when I read how much it was for 3 chicken wings I was kinda let down. But once the food came we were NOT disappointed! My food was very good. I was already full after eating about a fourth of my meal. I did have the egg drop soup prior. The curry chicken was very good also. And the chicken wings were actually whole wings! I was so surprised lol. They were still very hot when we ate them. The wings were crispy, moist, very well cooked and even a little sweet..I don't know how but it was. I'm just happy my boyfriend enjoyed his food. He even brought the leftovers with him to work :D 

Everyone I have introduced this place to has enjoyed their food. This really is a hole in the wall restaurant that not many people know about. The prices are also very reasonable as well.
Was craving pho wasn't really in the mood to drive all the way across town so I decided to give this place a try...but this has to be the most disgusting experience I've had at a restaurant!!! The noodles in the ph were hard as a rock...and the sprouts were brown!! And the broth..i can't even describe how bad it was it all lacked flavor!! this place needs some serious help! Do yourselves a favor and never eat here!!
Came here today for some boba tea unfortunately they didn't have any made so I tried the kiwi pearls in my mango and strawberry smoothie...it was *bomb* I loved it. I still like boba but the pearls are yummy to. I give this place a 5 star and recommend you guys to try the smoothies with pearls. :)
Service was good, place was clean. The food menu has great selection but i will say the taste is ok but "HANDS DOWN" to their pho soup!!! worth of a drive if you're in the north side & craving for pho soup noodles . Will be back only for that.
Me and my girlfriend come all the time, since we moved. It's really close to our house and it has awesome boba and food! it also has a lot of choice and options :) yum
If you want pho.... Don't get it here. Staff is friendly and helpful but food is not up to par. Tastes like the broth was made from bouillon cubes.
The customer service was awesome. 

They give you free crab rangoon with each order of pot stickers. i didn't know that! 

Thank god, they deliver! They delivered less than estimated time, which is a plus!

Their boba slush is alright. This isn't the best oriental cuisine I've had, but it was satisfying. Good food. 

Crab fried rice however is awesome.
The best way I can describe this place is that it's a Chinese/Thai/Vietnamese fusion type of restaurant. You can get Chow Mein, Pad Thai, or Pho. 

My wife shared a bowl of beef pho with my youngest son. My oldest son got the pork vermicelli bowl. I got the lunch special which came with hot or iced tea, eggflower soup, an eggroll, fried rice, and entre of your choice from a list. I chose sweet n sour pork. 

The beef pho was good. Since we ordered it plain, for my youngest, it was just like chicken noodle soup but with beef instead. The vermicelli was ok. Nothing to rave about. Now my lunch special was pretty good. They give you a nice bowl of eggflower soup. I chose iced tea for my drink. I think it was jasmine. It was very strong. If you refer to my pic, the fried rice that came with my sweet n sour pork was very good. The eggroll I think was a combination pork and vegetable. I would say it was a good deal for 6 bucks.

Service was ok. We were taken care of by one server. Even though the place was a bit busy, we got our food in a timely manner. It just took a while to get our refills a couple times.

Some random info: 2 free eggrolls on check in. Free wifi. Password is express7. Lunch specials are everyday from 11 am to 4 pm. Don't forget about the various boba drinks you can order. Apparently a lot of people come here just for those drinks! When we were eating our meal, at least 4 people came in just for those drinks alone! So it must be good. Next time we will try one.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #75
If a negative review was possible, I would give this restaurant one! Coming from out of town, I wanted to try this place out. MAN!!!!!!! That was a BIG MISTAKE! I found it convenient and order the food through yelp and set the food to be picked up at 7:30 pm. I received a voice message from a rude employee at 7:17 pm, informing me my food was ready to be picked up, but yet, I set the pick up at 7:30! I called the restaurant back and the rude employee answered. I explained, I would be there shortly. Upon arrival, the rude idiot asked me "why you late fo yo pick up?!?!?" I replied, "my order was set at 7:30, to pick up!" He answered back "well..... We make it at 7:00" (pointless stupid coment) while he was explaining, he looked to the detailed invoice of my order and circled the time its set to be picked up and said "see it say seven.......... Oh?" Immediately, the employee felt completely DUMB! Instead of apologizing, the employee blatantly covered his IGNORANCE for arrogance! I asked "well.... Dont you think the food is cold by now?" In his immediate defense, he pointlessly started check marking specific foods on the invoice of items I ordered, on what items would be warm or not (AGAIN, stupidity at its best!) I would of accepted his apology and went about my night, but since this moron was spitting pointless nonsense-full verbiage, to make him look more dumber than he really is! This made me immensely frustrated and was seriously considering throwing the food in his face. I arrived to North LV, from a long drive from Californian and all I wanted to do was eat. This person is the face of this establishment and SHOULD really consider pulling the stick out of his ass, for the customers and business sake. Over all, the food was ok and nothing out of the ordinary. YELPERS, STAY AWAY FROM THIS BUSINESS. If you dont mind being treated rude and would consider mundane food; that would be totally up to you!
Delicious smoothies!! Yummy!! 
I have tred both honeydew and the coconut smoothies!! I Will be trying the yellow curry chicken today.
Love their fruit smoothies.... super refresh and the boba... Gee. So bomb.  Save trip to China town and with the fruit makes me wanna it everyday.. You can adjust your sweetness. Let them know
They have boba milk teas here in North Las vegas. 

Eddie was excellent cashier. Bogo on milk teas and smoothies (:
So the boba here is good, depending on who makes it. The food is hit or miss depending on what time of day you get it. I usually get Pad Thai here and sometimes it's fantastic, sometimes you wonder what the hell they put in it. Needless to say, I got food poisoning this last time around so I think I'll just stick to the boba. Other than that, the staff is pretty cool. It'll do in a pinch.
Their Vietnamese dishes are on point; vermicelli, pho, and rice plates. The smoothies are also on point. Everything else, from what I've tried; Chinese dishes (orange chicken, lemon chicken, shumai), Thai dishes (curry, pad thai), aren't all that great. The spring rolls, egg rolls, pork buns and sesame balls are pretty awesome too.
Let me start by saying that I have no idea why this place has so many negative reviews. So, if you're considering going here, but hesitant because of the reviews, I challenge you to try it. You won't regret it. 

With that being said, as I pulled up to Jasmine Express, I was a little worried because of the cigar store next door. When I tried Viet Bistro at Tenaya and Lake Mead, it was disgusting because of the cigar smell. But anyways, as I walked in, I was greeted immediately. I ordered a milk tea boba and redeemed my free eggrolls coupon for my Yelp check-in to start. Very prompt service. My boyfriend and I both ordered Pho, as he was not feeling well. I got the rare steak pho. It was absolutely amazing. The flavor was incredible. 

I have ZERO complaints about this place. I will definitely be back, sooner rather than later. So glad I finally found a place I can get pho that's not all the way in China town.
Fist time back in a longggg time! Ordered the pho. Must say it has improved big time! Is it new ownership?? I dunno but I like it and I'll be back!
Jasmine Express is a hole in the wall restaurant that's half restaurant,  half counter service taking to-go orders. I had the braised tofu and it was a bit on the chewy side but still good.  

There was 3 people in our party and the orders came out separately.  The beverages are served in cans but you get refills.  The waiter was attentive and kept the refills coming.  The prices are pretty reasonable as well. 

We'll be returning to this restaurant!  I'll probably order something different though...
I wasnt a big fan of pho...but this place changed my mind. I USUALLY just drive here but it can be a hassle finding seats since it is small, but now they do online ordering and delivery. Wayyy more convenient for me. I definately recommend the smoothies and the pho...coconut and pineapple is my fav!!!
I have been going here since 2008 when I moved to the area. slow but steadily has gone down. if you order pan fried noodle you get chow main Noddles. wasn't always the case. I see it say they don't use msg but you can clear taste the msg especially in the fried rice. the service is actual very good but the food is not any better than panda Express.
Three solid stars for the taste of the food alone. Chicken pad thai was a bit on the sweet side for me but noodles were cooked perfectly and portions were huge. The pork pad se eww...hands down one of the best dishes like this that I have had. I could have eaten this for days. The meat was hearty and there was plenty of it. I will return for the food. 

They also have smoothies and boba here. The avacado smoothie was sooooo yummy! Get one! 

I could have gone one more star but we waited for 25 min for a to go order...we were the only people in there. The chef made out order wrong and we had to wait longer. In that time I noticed the place could use a deep clean...it's also not in a great part of north Las Vegas so the sidewalk foot traffic was a bit sketchy. 

Check in on yelp and get 2 free veggie rolls!!
I feel terrible giving them 3 stars, since the waiter was over the top amazing! The food however, wasn't 'bad' , but my husband order basil chicken and I ordered another chicke dish ... it they both had the same flavor, as did the chicken lettuce wraps. :( The Tum Yum was spicy, but not much flavor. Bummer, as I live right down the street and have been dying to find a good Thai place.
I've been to this place a couple times now and it's always great! They have very friendly service and great food! I've had the seafood pho both times and the aroma & flavor if the broth is the best I've had!
Love this place!  Ate some great Chinese food.  Getting boba as well.  Service is awesome!  Crab rangoons and Szechuan eggplant always yummy!  Their pho here is great too.  Good price and big portions.  Oh and finishing off with the snow cream.  Love that stuff!
I'm very conflicted with this place. The food is great, this is the only Pho place close by and that is somewhat decent. Rare Steak Pho is really delicious when I don't want to drive across time for my favorite place.

The service here is usually awful. I've waited for half an hour for a to go order when I have had people come after me get their order quicker.

I have never dined in, but from the look and the wait I witnessed it wasn't all that great. One time they had a woman who seemed almost completely knew trying to work the register by herself and taking 8 minutes to ring up an order, she had to grab a cook's help to finish it out.

The regular guy I see that takes orders can be a bit rude. I've been placed on hold for over ten minutes with him to then have to call back.

I have also ordered to go some Pho and Fried Rice, literally he said 'not a problem, we are out of pho since over half an hour.' How is this not a problem?

I also always order my Pho without bean sprouts, he has questioned me as if why I would ever do such a thing and then time after time there are always bean sprouts.

But yet I keep coming back because it is close and pretty good food. They definitely need better help though.
My family and I had lunch there today and I ordered szcuan beef and the meat and rice were old and I took my food back and they didn't want to refund my money so I decieded to warn every one.
Didn't eat here, but we bought boba smoothies, and they were fantastic! Tons of choices!  Start at $3.50 - 5.75  fresh!
Amazing raw vegan restaurant and juice bar.  They have raw versions of dishes like cheeseburgers, meatloaf, fries, lasagna, etc... all made with raw fruits, veggies, nuts and grains.  They don't exactly taste like the originals, but you won't care when you taste them!  It is all so delicious and you can just feel all the good enzymes flowing through your body after you've eaten.  Beautiful presentation- each dish looks like a colorful art work.  I would reccommend just about anything on the menu but lately I love the veggie wrap.  If you're not so adventurous, just try their house salad- it's the bomb.  

One thing is the staff always seem hesitant to bring water if you ask for it!  On multiple occasions they just haven't brought the water I ordered.  Maybe it's because drinking with a meal is supposed to be bad for digestion and they don't want to encourage it?  But, if you order one of their fresh juices, of course they'll bring that.  There always seem to be different people working there everytime I come in, too, not many familiar faces.  But the food is always excellent.  Prices are reasonable for the quality of food you get; expect to spend 7 to 15 bucks.

They also have a little store area where you can buy books about healthy eating, vitamins and herbs, raw and vegan snacks and more.  And, while you eat, you can gaze out at the beautiful "lake"... make sure to check out the lego house right across!

Such a treat to have a place like this in Vegas, especially after living in Berkeley and getting used to having tons of healthy vegan places to eat.
Being that I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian... I have many things that I can eat in this world. So, coming to a place like this is rare for me because I so often crave dairy, meat or fried stuff.

But I was mightly impressed by their Mexi wrap. I'd go back there immediately for another one of those. The almond butter toast with fruit stuff though... was... well, "healthy" tasting. :)
Wow. Go Raw Cafe is AMAZING! Delicious, phenomenal, nutritious, 100% raw cuisine. The pasta is outrageously tasty! This restaurant is the best thing about Las Vegas. Yum!
We were in town for a conference and to see petroglyphs and the Valley of Fire, and we vowed to stay far away from all casino food.  We found the excellent Go Raw Cafe with the help of Google and our rental car's navigation system (the aid of both was necessary).

The food was fantastic and unique - the place is a real gem.  It was late in the day and we were the only patrons, but we kept the staff busy by ordering a few items from the menu, savoring them, then ordering a few more, then more, then more....  All of the tastes were so clean, nuanced, and tantalizing that the meal became an 'experience' rather than just a means of sustenance.  

The mock items don't taste much like their namesakes - which I consider to be a good thing (too frequently the effort of making faithful meat-taste-copies out of meatless items results in a dull, plastic-food taste).  At Go Raw Cafe the namesakes instead seem to function as gentle inspirations suggesting creative new ways to combine flavors.

We racked up a decent bill, deepened the exhaustion of the staff (they confided that many of the items on the menu require a lot of preparation work - which we guessed, because it sometimes took a while for what we ordered to arrive), and looked forward to our next visit.
Tried this for the first time a few weeks ago while visiting a friend.  It definitely was filling and tasty.  I had one of the wraps which was really good - wrapped in some chard.  I also ordered a veggie soup - not so keen on that - a little too thick for my licking.

All in all, a very good place to go to if you want to eat something healthy and good.
I would have to say that if you like or are used to eating raw food that this would be a wonderful place to eat, but I guess I didn't know what to expect and I left with a belly ache.  Raw cabbage with raw cauliflower and broccoli......ugh....my stomach couldn't take it.  I think that people must have to get used to this way of eating, but I definitely am not.  I tried it, hated it, and wouldn't go back....but not because the food was awful.....just because it is a lifestyle of eating I am not used to.
Overpriced. All the 3 entrees we got tasted like oversalted mush. I've eaten at many veggie restaurants, I expected far more creativity with spices. If the raw lifestyle means uncooked, barely seasoned food, I guess this is your place. You're better off with the  Veggie Delight  on Wynn road or Long life veggie on Sandhill, right off Flamingo.
Go Raw is a small cafe that I discovered upon moving into The Lakes housing community about two years ago.  Everything is raw, vegan, and organic.  Because this way of life is more expensive, their prices are quite high but I only frequent Go Raw for one thing - the wheatgrass.  For the past two consecutive weeks I've gone in for the same thing 1-ounce of the grass.  I can now go in and say I want "the usual" and they know exactly what I want! The set-up of this venue is slightly awkward and cramped but the staff are friendly and knowledgeable about the raw, organic way of life.  It's not easy to eat healthy in Vegas, so consider Go Raw a great and unique resource.
I am torn between a four and a five star review. I have eaten at Go Raw Cafe a couple of times. The first time with my folks, which kind of soured the experience for me since they were continually criticizing of everything (which they do in general regarding my being vegan). The food I had the first time I went was pretty good, though I got one of the veggie juice drinks and I just could not stomach it. As surprising as it is, my mom the ultra nag ended up drinking it!

Fast forward over a year. I just got back from Go Raw Cafe and I had the "Cheese burger". The burger was HUGE. It came on a well decorated plate with the burger on one "bun" and the toppings on the other. I started to eat the two separately but one of the ladies at the restaurant urged me to put the burger together, mash it all down, and go ahead and make a mess. Well, I did and I have to say the burger was amazing and very filling.

I will definitely be going back to sample more of their dishes. Who knows maybe I'll end up changing the review to five stars!
i love this place..i really do..
mostly b/c its the only raw joint in vegas..and b/c this place started a new health quest for me that has changed my life..
the owners are a couple...Lou the lady is ususally at the LV location on sahara..her other half..not such a vibrant dude works the gv spot.
They serve fresh juices, smoothies, amazing raw entres at reasonable prices.
They serve duiran shakes..kefir beverages and have the most insane salads and raw pizzas around...not for the garlic shy...
They have a bookstore and small area for raw food snacks and high quality oils, berries and health treatments..
they have healers and massage therapists working on tip basis some weekends..lectures and raw food demo classes..throughout the month
the gv location has a soup and salad bar..the sahara loc. does not..
I wish the owners lived more in abundance..the vibe is not as vibrant as it should be..if it were my spot..i would have open mic..a place for artists to come.. and make the energy there safe..inviting..and empowering..
none the less..
tell them annie bear sent you..order the kefir margarita
and buy the superfood snack products!!
warning..if you are planning a large take out..make sure you call ahead of time..like..5 days ahead of time..they drive fresh produce in and are not prepared for large unexpected orders..
Three stars is a gift for this place. Now to be fair, I've only been here once (which is why it gets three stars. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume I had an unusually bad experience). But after the horrid service and so-so food, I never returned and never intend to do so either.  

After standing at the register for several minutes to place an order while the waitress stood around talking to the only other person in the cafe, we finally got some service. My boyfriend and I brushed off the first incident and continued looking around at their selection of books and such. We then sat down and FINALLY received our meals after about 35 minutes (again, we were the only customers in the place). The food was pretty good, but what really set me off was the drink. All we wanted were two cups of water. Instead, what did we receive? Two Dixie cups, standing about three inches tall, of room temperature tap water. Seriously? If you're promoting this raw, Earth-friendly lifestyle, why wouldn't you provide reusable cups. Hmm, a glass perhaps? 

Needless to say, we finished the water in a single gulp, rushed down the food, and headed out to buy some bottled water next door.
Only been here once and I had the salad bar and a smoothie.  The "Kookies and Cream" smoothie was really, really, really, good.  Salad bar was really good, fresh and they charge you by weight - good to know that ahead of time.   I would like to go there again to try some of their entrees.  From what i saw, the plates were huge and nicely presented.  The service was nothing spectacular but I wasn't really expecting it to be fantastic.
Great place for eating light during the very warm vegas summer !  Lots to read, products to look at and of course great juices and smoothies!
If you're going to go raw in Vegan, this is the place to do it!  This restaurant is soooo amazing! The burritos are very tasty.  You have to try their juices as well; they're impressive!
Very tasty, very raw, very vegan food. Pretty much the only place like it in Vegas. They do a good job.
Amazing that a wholesome place like this exists in Las Vegas.  Good atmosphere, clean facility, and freshly prepared food, right by the lake.
I'm happy to know this place has survived.
This cafe was so good. The raw pizzas and burgers were excellent.  They also have a large selection of fresh juices and shakes. The Cookies and Cream' shake was my favorite.  I strongly recommend this place for any raw food enthusiast in the Vegas area.
Dear Go Raw,

Did we ever thank you for delivering our food to the Red Rock Hotel and saving us from God-awful hotel food? ((our co-workers were envious))

Did we ever thank you for picking us up from our hotel and taking us to your restaurant so that we could enjoy your raw food goodness? 

Did we tell you that you have the most amazing food in all of Las Vegas? 

See you next time, ok?
Discovered this place while on a recent trip to Vegas with a fellow vegan friend for the weekend.  Have been eating raw from the beginning of the year and was excited to find a restaurant to break up the monotony.  This was the most amazing place!  Fantastic food and great people.  It was my friend's birthday and they were gracious enough to find a candle for his cheesecake.  :-)  

Going through hot vegan mocha withdrawal...
I live in New York City now, and have tried every raw food place in Manhattan, and NOTHING, not even Pure Food and Wine compares to the exquisite tastes and dishes of Go Raw Cafe. Everything is pleasing even to those who aren't regular raw foodies.

I'm really addicted to the Purple Burritos- so much so that I used to make them at home! Not as good, but inspiring. Purple cabbage and Raw Heaven. 

All the smoothies are rich and full of flavour. Wheatgrass is fresh and potent Every time. Don't miss out on the pizzas or the Pate. Pricey but SO worth it. Your energy levels will rise and your body will thank you.

My favorite chocolate they sell is the Raw Omega White Chocolate- This is Indulgence.  (You can find it other places but I choose to support independent chains)

Plenty of Reading Material and other Raw, vegan, organic grocery items for sale. 

My mouth is salivating already- too bad I'm across the country!
This place was AMAZING! I was on a road trip and sick of fast food, so I suggested something healthy. After asking around, they recommended us to the Go Raw Cafe. I was a little scared to try raw food, as I've never had it before, but one bite and I was in LOVE! The girl who worked there was extremely helpful; she told us all about raw and what foods we might like. Everything was so delicious. The environment was very relaxed and clean, and it seemed like everyone knew each other. I want to go back again!
So grateful for Go Raw!

From the menu - house salad | kale salad with cilantro dressing. Those are in the current rotation. I was stuck on the Beet Burger and the Mexicali Pizza for years - those are great too. The new coffee cream dessert in the fridge is one of my all time favorite desserts. It is up there with the raw mint chocolate chip ice cream I had at Pure Food and Wine in NYC.

In short...go there.
I don't even understand how a place like this can exist in Vegas. Stepping in to Go Raw Cafe feels like home to me (Austin, TX) from the lake view to the uneven parking lot to the supplements and homemade bath products on the walls. 

The menu is amazing. Mexican pizza is like normal pizza but with totally different ingredients. Sprouting bread! Lettuce wraps! What am I eating? I don't know, but it's delicious. The meals are surprisingly filling as well. Love it!
Thick carpet of BLUE MOLD on the food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I ate here once and loved it. The second time I ordered to-go. I ate as soon as I got home. Entree was soggy and the desert was covered in MOLD. And not a little mold. Like a week's worth of mold. I called to complain and they were very unconcerned. I don't think they believed me and I was not about to drive 30 mins back there to show them. I have pictures, but they didn't want them. So, I'm posting them all over the internet. Click on the 'photos' link on this listing and see for yourself.

And, yes, I called the health department.
Love this place!  Its great to have such a raw, organic, local place here in Vegas!  The location is perfect overlooking the lake and I can't help but love the food and juice selection. 

The only reason they do not get 5 starts is because the juice is way over-priced and they skimp on the beets! =(  I can make much more affordable juices at home.
My fiance & I relocated from NY to CA and stopped here for dinner. I was excited that he found it.

He ordered the "Salmon" Cake & I ordered the Beet Burger. The "fries" were made of breaded avocado. We also shared the Berry Good smoothie. The food was very fresh, tasty & filling.

One woman was very friendly and chatty. I believe she was the owner. The menu is on their website. They also sell raw food, supplements and cookbooks.

The only thing that bothered me was that we were crammed into a corner table with a fan blowing right in our faces.

The restaurant is located right next to the water, so I was able to watch two ducks outside the window. They were sitting next to each other & I believe they were on a date. ;)
YUMMY! When I think of Vegas "raw" and "vegan" do not generally come to mind but now I think whenever Sin City is mentioned in my presence I will begin to salivate thinking of how sinfully delicious the macaroon I had here was; hopefully this reaction doesn't confuse anyone in the wrong way... I'll just direct them to my Yelp page if so! 

I am currently on a cross-country road trip to New England.  Las Vegas was our first stop out of California and after spending just one night there I was in dire need of some sustenance and nutrition! Thanks to Yelp I found just what I was looking for in the form of this location of Go Raw Cafe. My friend ordered the Traditional Pizza and after much going back and forth I settled on having the Vegi-cotti, and then devoured it.  In retrospect I wish one of us ordered something different because the ingredients of each seemed pretty identical.  I didn't try hers because mine was huge! The zucchini pasta side was simply amazing and I am now a firm believer in raw  "pasta" although I was previously a skeptic.  Maybe it was the intense garlic flavor of the sauce that sold me but regardless it was delicious and I am definitely going to try to recreate my own once I get to my own kitchen and acquire the right utensils. :) 

I was stuffed from my meal but we heard some other diners, and the owner herself, raving about a dessert.  It turned out that the owner had made up a coconut macaroon the day before and decided to sell/serve them.  For about a buck a pop and as small as a quarter I figured it couldn't do too much damage.  WOAH! There was so much flavor packed into that little morsel of delight!  I used to love the Girl Scout cookies previously known as Samoas (excuse my non-PC terminology; I don't know the new name and haven't had them in years!) and although the taste of this macaroon brought them back to mind they were 100 times better and I am sure at least 10 times healthier for you, somehow!  This place gets all of my stars and then some.  I may just be convinced to brave taking my liver back to Vegas if it means I can try out some more menu items!
You won't find a more hippie place than this.  As you walk in you can smell the fresh aroma of green organic goodness and the cacophonous sound from the VitaMix tells you it's as raw and homemade as you can get here, all prepared with love and good intentions.  I'm not a raw foodist nor do I plan to be; I just love to eat healthy as much as possible.   I've been coming here for more than 5 years now.  I have a stamp card for smoothies.  If you're used to jamba juice or any other popular smoothie places then you'll be pleasantly surprised by the freshness and thickness of their smoothie.  It's not as big but you get more bang for the buck because they use fresh fruits, berries and nuts.  No ice or watered down fruit juice as filler here.  My favorite is the Pina Cool-ada.  HEAVEN!  

Now for their food.  For starter the house salad is the best salad i've ever had anywhere bar none!  The ginger infused nama shoyu dressing is amazing!  I've tried to replicate this at home many times but couldn't come close.  Whenever i finish all the salad, i would lick the plate (if no one is looking).  It's that good!  The lime-cilantro dressing is also good.  

The Mediterranean wrap is delish.  The full wrap is very filling.  You could order a half wrap and a smoothie.  

The "burger" is full of flavor.  It probably has around 50 ingredients.  To make this yourself at home would cost quite a bit.  This is not something I would attempt.  I have tried to copy the smoothie and salad and that's it.  

If you're not sure what to order, just get the different sampler plate.  It has small portions of some of the popular items like pasta, mexi wrap, enchiladas, lasagna and zucchini pasta.  

Writing this review is making me hungry.  I think I'll stop by after work today.
My husband and I got a Groupon to try Go Raw Cafe.  It is very quaint and non fussy.  When we received our menus I asked the waitress if they had any Gluten fee options.  She was very knowledgable ( may have even been the owner) and told me that 99% of the menu was Gluten free!  I was so happy. She was then kind enough to list the items that were not.  We ordered the neat loaf, the chip and hummus platter and the  vanilla- date smoothies.  We did not care for the neat loaf, but LOVED the smoothies and the appetizer.  Their fresh salsa, guacamole, and hummus are perfect.  

Next time we will try a wrap or the beet burger.  

Sit by the window and you will get to watch the duckies.  :)
I literally cried leaving this place. I just can't even.....

Matt decided to come here for his birthday lunch for some-odd reason. After perusing the menu I decided on the neat loaf and "fries" [a lot of things on the menu are in quotes. You will see them used in this review as well.] and Matt got the purple burrito, and we both got two small Fiji waters. The total was over $31! I thought of the CenturyLink internet bill that was around the same price and bit down and paid. I hoped that the food we would get would be delicious and amazing for that price. 

Now, before I go into the "food" (see what I did there?) section of my review, let me talk about the actual property. It sits right next to The Lakes and is gorgeous. Tons of ducks were gathered outside. When you go in there isn't too much room to move about, and when you get to order you don't quite know where to go. After our orders were taken I guess the guy assumed we had been there before because we got no direction. Finally we saw someone else pay so before our food came out I paid and the woman behind the register was confused since apparently people come up and pay after their meal. Finding the register in the first place was difficult, the place has a very strange layout. 

Anyhow, after 15 minutes or so we got our "food." The entire plate looked unappetizing. The neat loaf was just a rectangular-shaped lump of brown stuff, the fries were... well, nothing like fries whatsoever, and two small triangles of the hardest bread ever that should truly come with a warning since I swore I almost chipped a tooth on them. I received some random mixed veggie salad on the side and two pieces of fruit, as well as some orange paste for the "fries." Being completely honest, I couldn't even identify what was on my plate with the exception of the two pieces of fruit. I really tried to be open-minded and started to eat what was on my plate but everything tasted "off." Not a thing on my plate was edible. The flavors that were there were so strange, peculiar, and really hard to describe. I just know that they were terrible. I couldn't eat more than 4 bites before I had had enough. And trust me - this morning I was STARVING and I would much rather prefer to starve than eat here again.

Maybe I'm the crazy one, but I don't think that an oven is necessarily a bad thing. Maybe Matt and I both ordered the wrong thing or should have ordered a (ridiculously priced) smoothie, but I can't believe that anyone in their right mind thinks that what was on my plate was flavorful and tasty. I can't believe I spent $13.88 on a plate of vegetable mush. As a vegan I'm used to eating new things that might not work in theory but this just did not work at all, and at least those questionable items were still edible and identifiable. I was so angry that I just cried instead upon leaving Go Raw and I know for a fact I will never be back.
Let me start by saying I that I sometimes choose to eat a vegetarian diet.  I sometimes consume meat, but try to keep it to a minimum, strictly because it's a healthier way to live -- not from any moral considerations.  When I do eat meat I try to avoid, if possible, meat that has been tainted with nitrates, antibiotics, and hormones.  I wish there were more restaurants in Las Vegas that catered specifically to vegans and vegetarians.  Many restaurants offer vegan and vegetarian options, but my Internet search turned up only one restaurant in town that does not serve meat at all -- the Go Raw Cafe.

After greatly enjoying a vegetarian Thanksgiving with Tofurkey bought from Whole Foods, I wanted to continue my meatless streak at the Go Raw Cafe.

The first thing I noticed was a flyer that had been placed on every table advertising pressure acupuncture.  There was also a bulletin board and counter near the entrance covered with business cards and other flyers.  I wasn't wearing my glasses, but squinting I could make out that one of the flyers was promoting the healing power of crystals.  There was also a book nook that I browsed briefly while waiting for my order to arrive.  One book was all about The Lemonade Diet.  You get the gist.  Why is it that so many natural/health food restaurants and markets are in bed with pseudo-science, Eastern culture, and New Age mysticism? 

Perhaps it's the health food crowd's general mistrust of mainstream culture that results in a gratuitous openness to anything that seems to be a counter-culture alternative to the mainstream.  The irony is that whether the pedlar is selling cheese burgers, snake oil, or scientifically-unsound books touting fad diets, the profit-motive remains the same.  It is the stealthy hand of corporate culture that tries to tempt the health food crowd with non-mainstream offerings.  I think there must be marketing research which suggests that health food advocates are susceptible to buying anything that appears to be outside of mainstream culture, as long as it makes attractive claims to improve our physical and spiritual health.  It's pretty insulting, if you ask me.

But none of that is a critique of the Go Raw Cafe.  Just an observation.  On to the dining experience.

Our waiter started by asking my dining partner and me if we had been there before.  When learning that we had not, he provided us with some luke-warm recommendations of a couple of things that he liked all right, and warned us about some other things that he didn't care for, but which some people apparently do like.  It almost seemed as if he were apologizing in advance for the menu.  Seeing as the Smoothies and Veggie Juices were in the range of $6 to $9 each, we just ordered a couple of waters with lemon to start with.  The tepid waiter brought our waters in small plastic glasses without ice.  My dining partner's lemon wedge was all skin and no pulp. 

We decided to split the International Sampler and a half-order of the vegi-cotti.  I was looking forward to the hummus and garlic bread sticks that were part of the International Sampler.  But when our food arrived, I couldn't see or taste any hummus anywhere.  Maybe it was inside of the Mexi Wrap, or mixed in with the Pasta?  As for the garlic bread sticks, there were four of them, stuck upright into the pasta.  They were about the length of a finger with only half the girth.  They were crisp, barely flavored, and gone in six bites.

The pasta primavera that came with the vegi-cotti looked almost identical to the pasta that came with the International Sampler, but there was a very subtle difference in taste.  The taste of the food was unusual, but not unpleasant.  It was interesting, but not exciting.  

I never had any hesitation or reluctance about eating the food because I knew it was healthy and wholesome.  But I eat healthy, wholesome meals all the time without having to sacrifice good taste and delicious flavors. One can eat healthy and also enjoy it. This food was merely edible.  It didn't taste like shit.  It wasn't repulsive.  But this is not high praise. 

The menu was also overpriced given the moderate serving portions.  You don't get a lot of food for the price you pay.  Our meal came to $26, and we had no leftovers. 

The best I can say about the Go Raw Cafe is that it serves healthy, edible food.  But it is under-seasoned and overpriced, and I have no desire to go back there.
Vegan and raw food extraordinaire! A great little place tucked away in a tiny shopping center. I ordered the veggie wrap which had an awesome pesto, almond cheese, veggies, and an avocado handsomely wrapped in a collard green. So good. It was fresh, delicious and left me feeling comfortably full. I had the blueberry cheesecake too. I'm hoping to get back there again while in Vegas.
I am a vegetarian (have been for my entire life) and I never order salads (except papaya salads at Thai restaurants) unless I have no other choice. 

I bought the Groupon for Go Raw literally 6 months ago and decided to finally go there today. My groupon expires tomorrow. I was dreading this visit primarily because I'm not at all a fan of raw vegetables for the most part. 

I was pleasantly surprised. My husband and I entered the small cosy restaurant right next to the lake (sounds quaint and nice but the lake is actually pretty smelly) and we were surprised to see 4 tables (out of a total of about 7) with people. On a Tueday night. Vegas. Raw food place. Yes..I was intrigued. As we were having dinner, a few more tables got filled.

There was one waitress for the entire place. A very sweet young lady who was knowledgeable about the food and had some very good suggestions. 

Our order:

1. We ordered the only cooked item in the store : their hot soup ($5.80 for a bowl). This was a simple blend of multiple vegetables in a thick stock with spices. We literally licked our bowls clean

2. Cheeseburger with "fries" (about $10.50) - the burger patty is made out of beets, various vegetables and grains and was presented in between 2 pieces of sprouted bread, tomatoes, onions, homemade ketchup/mustard and of course a generous helping of fresh avocado and almond "cheese". I was floored at how flavorful the burger was. It was one of the top 5 veggie burgers I've had in my life. When the ingredients are presented to you on a Yelp review, they do not look appetizing. In fact, the burger itself looked pretty bad. But the food is mighty mighty tasty. The burger came with their raw fries. I'm not sure what they were made of (I think avocado and some breading) but these were pretty bad. I'd skip this next time

3. The "Manicotti.:" I got the half order that was $8.88. If I were Chinese, this would be my lucky meal! I have to rave about the side "pasta salad." This was made with slivered zuchinni/squash and various different veggetables and had such robust flavors of spices and garlic and marinara all over it. I didn't even miss not having spaghetti. This was just the best alternative to pasta I have ever had the pleasure of tasting. The Manicotti itself was also pretty good. 

Our meal came up to just under 30 dollars.

I regret being so close-minded to not try this gem in Las Vegas nestled away in the Lakes area. To have the opportunity to eat clean, absolutely unprocessed food is hard to come by anywhere and although I don't believe I could follow this lifestyle (as unintrusive to nature as it may be) on a full-time basis, I think it does wonders to partake in a meal like this ever so often. I'm looking forward to my next meal here. I've already set a date on my 2011 calendar for this.
A long time ago (okay not that long ago) I bought a Groupon for Go Raw. As typical for my procrastinating self, the Groupon was not used until the day it expired. I wish we hadn't waited so long, and I wish we would have gotten another Groupon.

This place is hidden away in a strip mall that is really not on any major road. It is nestled right off the "lake" and you can admire many a large house from the seats inside. We arrived at about 11am, and the place was pretty quiet. We were greeted right away by a very helpful and friendly young woman. She was really excited that it was our first time, and she offered us many suggestions. She also went over some of the differences in how raw food is made. The wife and I chuckled a bit as we don't look like your typical "health food" eaters, but on the inside we are both hippies, so we knew what to expect. 

We went with the International Sampler and the Veggie Sushi plus the chocolate cheesecake for dessert. My first reaction to the sampler was how big it was. It is pricey for sure, but the I really expected the portions to be smaller after reading other Yelper reviews. Everything on the sampler was delicious. The hummus is the best I've ever had. I don't like runny hummus, and this is not. It has little chunks of chickpeas, has a nice strong garlic taste and the raw tahini flavor is nutty but not overpowering. I could have eaten a pound of the stuff. The Mexi-cali wraps were very flavorful and fresh. The guacamole was incredible. However, my favorite was the pasta. I don't like zucchini, but the pasta was so delicious. The sauce was beyond words. I wish I had bottles of the stuff. It was like a marinara salsa but was so full of flavor. 

The veggie sushi was also delicious. It was jam packed with fresh veggies and some sort of flavorful paste. The seaweed was a bit chewy, but other than that it was very good. The ginger sauce was also very strong, but not overpowering. 

The chocolate cheesecake was not made in house, but was good. It was a bit grainy, but tasted like cheese cake. It was very small, but was nice to split after having filled ourselves full at lunch.

This won't be a normal stop for us as its a bit out of the way and a bit pricey, but it was a very good filling healthy meal. 

As other reviewers mentioned, they do have assorted food, supplements and books for purchase. Nothing seemed to out of the ordinary. There was also a lot of art on the walls.
The smoothies were amazing!  Yes, it has a healthy fresh food smell as you walk in, but it's enjoyable.  The food was delicious and was great to try something new.  I had the Mediterranean pizza and my husband tried their version of burger and fries...be aware that the smoothies will fill you up, so don't order too much after that.  As others said, it's a little pricey, but you get what you pay for.  
If we were in the area, I'd think about stopping by again.
If you enjoy raw vegan living cuisine, then this is for you.  

Personally, I enjoy raw vegan more than cooked vegan or vegetarian.  There a more gourmet quality to me.  

I've visited both this store and their other store on the East side of Las Vegas.  Have had all sorts of dishes, smoothies and juices and all have been tasty, well-presented and satisfying.  

If you've never tasted raw vegan dishes, then treat yourself.  I suspect you'll be very pleasantly surprised.  Your body will certainly love you for it.  Just don't expect a $5 meal.  Prepared raw (at a restaurant) I've always found to be a bit more pricey and that's to be expected with fresh, organic prep.
This place was alright. Good selection of books and the juice we tried was tasty (something with coconut water/flesh, beets, carrots, and ginger) plus the staff was nice. But when we came on a Saturday they were out of wheat grass and out of raw pies. Kind of a bummer. We tried a couple of packaged cookies (not made in house) that were good.

The main drawback is that this place is expensive. Raw food always is, but this felt a little excessive for Vegas (more like NYC prices).
This is one of the only few vegan restaurants in Vegas, so automatically I am a fan of this healthy establishment overlooking a man made lake with nice houses & boats. If you plan on visiting, order by phone and pick-up for an outdoor picnic, there's seating outside. Bring some breadcrumbs or seeds for geese and ducks by the water so they can get a treat too.

The place is pricy, but the food is healthy, tasty and nicely prepared. I got mock salmon sushi and portobello mushroom wrap and I enjoyed both but got hungry soon after (I'll blame the workout I had earlier) Next time, I want to explore their little shop a bit more and get the hazelnut mousse. It's a nice little restaurant and gathering spot for vegan and health conscious people.

-Yana

For more vegan reviews, pictures and recipes, visit http://www.littlemissvegan.com
The last time I tried an appetizer and entree here was a few years back, I remembered enjoying it, but it's too vague for me to write about. Perhaps I will get an entree one day and update my review then. I have just moved out to Vegas from California and finally reunited myself with this wonderful place. (Hooray!)

I got their Body Cleanser juice (beets, apples, and a couple other things)  the first time I returned. I was nervous about the flavor because I have never had anything like it, but it was absolute love at first sip. I don't know what the heck I was tasting, but it was goooood. Also, beets tend to dye things so beware of your clothing, enjoy your red "kool-aid" tongue, and have fun when you go to the bathroom. Heh. Also bought a raw apple cookie, and that wasn't bad. Raw cookies are VERY different from baked cookies, that's all I can say. Not bad, but will not get it again.

The second time, I returned to try the Kookies n Kream smoothie and a raw chocolate cheesecake. The way they make smoothies just blows my mind. I witnessed the juice chef chop open a fresh young coconut for the juice in my smoothie, and collect a bunch of other fresh ingredients that he skillfully threw together into the blender to make my delicious bev. All good stuff, no nonsense fillers such as sugary juices and ice. Because there was no ice or anything like that, my smoothie came out a bit warmer than I expected a smoothie to be. It was very thick though, and it filled me up surprisingly fast. But then again, I was also chowing down my cute little plastic bowl of raw chocolate cheesecake. That was very tasty as well, and it was even a bit sweet to me! Both items I tried were very good this time, and it left me full in a good way...if I were to eat a plate of nachos and a slice of cheesecake from Cheesecake factory, I would be full too...but it would be a "stuck" kind of full. Like my digestive system would be clogged up with a bunch of junk. After I finished up my meal here, I was stuffed, but I felt wide awake and walking didn't feel like a chore at all! :) This is healthy, guilt-free stuff people. And for that, I would gladly pay what they ask for.  

Service is good, nothing over the top and impressive, but I am pretty easy-going about service. As long as they are not bitchy or slow, they're good in my book...and the staff is far from bitchy and slow. If your food is served a bit slower than you like, remember, they are making this stuff fresh! Not Jack in the Box "we don't make it 'til you order it fresh", this is "I just climbed a tree to pick the coconut for your juice" fresh!
Last night I enjoyed the "Neat Loaf" at Go Raw Cafe on the Lake.  The view is amazing, and the paintings inside the cafe are phenomenal.  I was just expecting a regular cafe, but they have an array of superfoods, vitamins, and books for sell as well.  I just moved to vegas from ohio, and this is now going to be one of my regular spots.  I look forward to trying the Beet Burger with Fries next time!
Absolutely terrible.  

When I think of raw food, I think salads.  I think hummus, tabbouleh, with raw, fresh veggies, or gazpacho... Things like that.  This place however, was unlike anything I have ever seen.  If I see it again, I'll know to give up, get up, and go to Taco Bell.  

The only dish, ordered by the entire party of 6, that was remotely appetizing was the raw, shredded zucchini with cold marinara sauce.  Their version of sprouted bread was an abomination.  And trust me, don't order the mock meat loaf patty thingy.  You'd be better off ordering a refrigerated cow pie.  

Way too expensive.  The waitress was aloof and inattentive.
Alright well I will attempt to make this review as Raw as possible, My boss is on this Go Raw kick and decided that we were having Go Raw Cafe for lunch. The menu was put on my desk and I took a close look and needless to say I picked the closest to normal thing I could find on the menu which to me happened to be the house salad. He mentioned they make the salads gigantic so just order a half. 

When I arrived at the Cafe I walked in and I must admit it smelled a little odd. I put that off that I am used to walking into places that cook the food you are eating and that have a smell of some sort of meat or fryer. Unfortunately I cannot pin point what the smell was. I then ordered the salads, which yes, they were huge. The lady that was working on our salads guaranteed me that I would love it and I would be back. Now, Let me take just a moment and acknowledge that she was very enthusiastic and upbeat when it came to pitching the company, but I wonder if I ordered it to eat in instead of to go, would the pitch had been the same.

Let me just break it down why I am only giving 2 stars. 

1. Yes the salad was huge, but sometimes quantity over quality is not a good thing

2. The overwhelming smell was a huge set back for me

3. The salad was overly plain, nothing spectacular

This place is just not for me and it is one of those places that I think you need to be fully into the Vegan lifestyle to truly appreciate a place like this. I am in not saying that this place all around sucks but I am saying that I will not be back.
This place is a God-send in sin city, where everything is all you can eat and larger than life meat, fish and other scary stuff!  EEK.

But seriously, I'm traveling on business in Las Vegas as I type, and I have been going daily for my juice fix!

The Green Zing juice  is amazing, especially with the apple, lemon and ginger combo.  It tastes refreshing and hits the spot.  Ahhhh, my body is so happy.  I also had a sample of this energized cinnamon ginger honey water drink yesterday.  Tasty and a little sweet.  They also have wheatgrass shots, E3 live, all the good stuff.

The staff are friendly in this open air kitchen and shop.  This cafe is the "Raw Makery" company which has flax crackers, breads, kale chips, cookies and other raw snacks/foods distributed all over the U.S., particularly NYC and Florida.  How cool is that?

I haven't tried the food yet, but when I am off my liquid detox (when I'm I not on one?), then I'll write about it.  

The grocery shop is pretty cool.  They actually sell clear agave which is the "rawest" form of agave, not the yellow/brown stuff that we all see and labeled as raw.  There's some processing that goes on so the colour turns yellow.  The plant give you clear, so that's the original form.  There's a nice selection of Health Force Nutritional products too.

I'm a regular now, with a juice card, buy 8 and your 9th is free.  With at least 2 juices a day, I'll be there before I return to NYC.
Raw, vegan food sounds scary to the uninitiated.  Nothing is cooked, no animal products are used=what the hell am I going to eat? But, do not be afraid, the raw-foodist vegans will not hurt you. You may even really, really like their food.

The menu at Go Raw resembles most american restaurants.  They have sandwiches, salads, smoothies, "burgers," etc.  The ingredients, however, are a bit different.  For example, the "living bread" used for the burgers and pizzas is not really bread, and it's alive (but dehydrated -- it's not crawling around your plate).  Go Raw also does not use animal products whatsoever, so, their "sour dream" ain't your grandma's sour cream (meaning no cows involved).

My go-to favorites are the Purple Burrito, purple cabbage wrapped around veggies, guacamole and and salsa. Soo tasty and healthy.  I also love the Mexicali Sampler which allows you to taste several entrees such as the Enchiladas, Mexi Toast, Flax Crax, and Mexi Wrap.   If you're looking for safe bets, try the pizzas, sandwiches, or "burgers."  

I may sound like a total wacko, but, whenever I eat at Go Raw, I feel totally energized for the rest of my day.  I love bloody, bloody meat but I get why the raw foodists swear by this stuff.

My only criticisms are that the food is crazy salty and the food takes forreeevvverr to get.  I realize the saltiness is probably to make up for the fact that nothing is cooked, but, damn, I drink a lot of water after eating here.  Regardless, Go Raw is great for someone looking for healthy food that is actually delicious as well.  

P.S. - If you're a first timer, try the Westside location, it's, in my opinion, better than the Windmill location.
We drove out to the westside location yesterday.  Bit of a drive to get there from the strip (20 mins).  We ordered the pate platter with hummus and spicy mex pate, with carrots and zucchini chips.  We licked the plate dry.  The sprouts that were the garnish were amazing also.

My wife got the mediterrenean salad.  Tasted really good!  I got the Gimme the Beet "Cheese" Burger with fries.  The burger was really well done.  The addition of beets was a surprising success!  The avocado fries were a bit interesting.  I liked it.  My wife thought it had a weird texture.

We each got a veggie juice and again it was great!! (could you tell that we were hungry??? :))

Definitely a recommended place to go in vegas if you're vegan.  Nice view of the lake next door also.  Food came out quick, I had read reviews that it took forever.   Only problem is that I probably won't be able to return on our trip :(
The juices here are interestingly delicious and I could easily become addicted to them.  I could have one twice a day.    

This is a veggie heaven in Las Vegas, where it is tough to find something healthy to eat.

The restaurant is hard to find, even with a GPS and just a few wobbly tables inside a store front, but the food is yummy.  This is a great place to come when you need a healthy alternative after a night of overindulgence.  If I lived in Vegas, I would probably do take-out, but the the woman who served us was very sweet, and I enjoyed our conversation.
Best green zing juice! Plenty of take out snacks. Best chipotle Kale chips.

I'm back, and it's just as awesome as I remembered.  Although I'm on yet _another_ cleanse, I broke down and had a lot of food as mentioned above and below.  I sampled the pizza thing - the crust was a flat bread made with almonds and seeds, finally a bread without buckwheat!  I also had their desserts, WOW.  The dark chocolate heart with almonds and currants, to die for and I don't like chocolate and I'm allergic...eek.  I also had the fudge which is really nuts and seeds in a bar, sweet and lovely.  Filling, and still eating some now.  Fabulous.

A double bonus is that they soak all their nuts and seeds for easier digestibility and absorption and less fattening! =)  Yes, ladies we can enjoy a little and not feel too guilty.

Everything is fresh and made on the spot.  The staff are so friendly, just love them.  It's not your upscale place like NYC's Pure Food and Wine, but the food and people are great.  They have take out snacks, desserts, books, supplements, drinks and even t-shirts with their logo.  They occasionally hold raw food preparation classes too.

Whenever I'm in Las Vegas, you'll definitely find me here!
Went into Raw Food Cafe today to get a juice and I was denied.  The door was open, people were in there, I saw the veggies.  But when I went to the counter the girl said "no" the air conditioning was out and they were going to close.  I don't think it would have been a big deal to throw some veg into the juicer,  but she preferred to turn away a customer.  I probably will not go back.
If your looking for healthy food in Vegas, look no further! Everything is fresh, & RAW! I'm not a health nut, & I love a good bloody steak, but we all have to try some rabbit food now & again & this will not disappoint, even super picky eaters like myself. The wraps are huge (a half portion is the same size as a wrrap from most fast food places) & not too pricey, the smothies are AMAZING, & though they are a little overpriced (8 bucks for a drink?!??!?!) its well worth it. I will save a couple trips to starbucks & do my body a favor by coming here more often. They also have a great little reading section & its one of the only places I have found Kombucha, statewide!
wonderful vegan raw foods! every item is amazeballz De-lish
Las Vegas, you have a treasure.  This place should be front and center. Get your asses in and try it!
I love the food here, especially the Mexicali Combination. I'm not a health food nut, although I am coming around to avoiding all the damn chemicals and preservatives that the food and pharm industries like us to consume.

It is not cheap to eat organic or raw, so the food here is not inexpensive. But every once in a while my body says, "Dude," (I call my friends Dude often so I think my body is trying to mimick me here) "Dude," it says, "I need something in that raw, yummy goodness so please direct the car to the Raw Food Cafe." I find that when I oblige, I feel much better, especially the next day or two. If I don't, it's okay, as long as I don't mind paying the price for resisting my body's request for the fuel it is asking for.
This place could be so much more than it is.  Incredible location, right on the lake; cool art & a nice vibe; and I enjoy the idea of eating well.  A good cleaning would do Go Raw a world of good. Whatever natural cleaning products you'd like to use, and put some muscle into it!  The food is OK & the juices are wonderful.  It would be so much better if the food quality was up there with the juice quality.  I had an apple, beet, carrot and cucumber juice that made me happy all afternoon.  It tasted amazing, fresh and sweet.  However, the bruschetta was like cardboard - my teeth hurt after the first bite - and my salad had wet lettuce in it.  The prices are a bit steep... I paid $14+ for a large salad and regular-sized juice.  There is so much potential here - I hope they can make Go Raw into the cool little (clean) funky restaurant I know it could be.
This was a rare find! I'm a gluten free vegan and it was great to be able to order anything I wanted on the menu! We actually ate here once on our trip to LasVegas and came back the next day to pick up a dessert to go. For our dinner, I had the Beet Burger and my  boyfriend had the Enchilada. We loved both of them! The avocado "fries" weren't really to my taste, but the burger more than made up for it!  For dessert the first time, I had the "cheesecake" I was a little disappointed because it was not made in the store, but prepackaged. It tasted fine, though. The second dessert we got the  next day to go, was "fudge". It was good, but the name is misleading. The "fudge" was made with oats and nuts. It was good, but not fudge like. Also, the staff was not sure if the oats were gluten free, or not .This place has the typical health food store atmosphere that I love and will definitely come back again!
The food was terrific! :) A-
Chips & salsa were great!
I had the veggi cotti, WONDERFUL!!  The "pasta" had the perfect amount of garlic, nice flavor!
My man had the burger, DO NOT eat the "catsup" it seriously tasted heartburn acid. It was horrible & I never want that taste in my mouth again.
The service was lacking & not great.  Management needs to step up!!!
This place has soooo much potential, I feel sad seeing it in it's current state.  Beautiful view of the Lakes.  I will go back because the food was great, but we'll take it to go next time.
This place was sooo disappointing!!! I am highly confused on the rave reviews.

Just to let everyone know It takes a lot to get a bad review from me. I usually give places the benefit of the doubt. And I was SO hoping this place would be amazing. 

But it sucked! 
First off it is located in a beautiful location right on the lake. But as we were walking up we couldn't sit outside because there was garbage everywhere! And I mean everywhere the ground in front of the door, all over the 2 tables. Not a big deal because we could just sit inside but when we got in it was confusing. Is it a self serve cafe or restaurant? the decor is funky there are a few tables strewed around and to the side there is a mini store (just shelves). 

I finally had to ask if we should seat ourselves to which our rude "waitress" if you call her that.. told us to pick a seat. After 15-20 min she came up and asked us what we would like to drink. By then we already knew what we wanted and started to order. She looked at us very strangely and walked away. I was under the impression thats how we ordered considering she ordered our drinks...

I ordered the Beet Burger..and my boyfriend ordered the loaf i think.. 
The food was eh'. Considering the price I expected a little more but it was fine. After we had finished..30 minutes later she finally came back and gave us our check. This was also confusing because there was a bar to order things and a mini cash register on the side. We were not sure if we were to pay there or to her. So i just assumed we pay up front. We waited for 15 minutes while the woman talked to another woman about some products. 

This place has so much potential. Especially because there are not many raw/vegan restaurants here in Vegas.

Save yourself the time..
I searched vegan restaurant in las Vegas and up comes everything in the search. Like Prime Rib Loft.... This place is an actual vegetarian and vegan place.  The food is good here. If that kind of food is what you like.  I have eaten at the west restaurant and every here has been good.  Some are for more extreme eaters but if you just want a good house said theirs is fine for normal eaters too. My wife and I have had about 8 different things and all were ok.  Several were great. Two were not my preference. But I tried and ate them ok and would try something else next time. I see some complaints about some of the more extreme meals on this site. All I can say is talk to the waiters.  The first time I went in the manager awaited on us and told me that the juice that I was thinking about was not what I wanted.  It's an old-time hippy interior design inside.  I will be back.
My usual vegan lunch spot was closed for the holiday so I had to find a new option.  Thought I'd try some raw deliciousness since I have not been so kind to my body over the New Year's Weekend.  

I had a half order of the enchilada and a reg #5 juice (can't recall the name, but I asked for the greenest one).  On the one hand I wasn't crazy about my enchilada.  It was alright, but it's what you would expect going to a Raw Vegan Cafe.  Very earthy and healthy.  Things I love, but a stereotypical experience none the less.  Also, bear in mind I compare this enchilada with the ones from Gracias Madre and Cafe Gratitude in San Fran... and those really are amazing.  So I didn't hate it, but i certainly will be ordering something else next time.  

As for my juice, I really liked it.  Very cucumber-y (which kind of made it taste (i assume) and smell like Nair).  Once my taste buds adjusted to the cuc, i enjoyed it thoroughly.

I will certainly be back.  I left feeling satisfied and full of energy, and that's what food is all about right!  There were tons of entre options that seemed delicious, I had trouble deciding.

FYI, google maps and yelp BOTH steered me near the restaurant but dumped me off in the surrounding neighborhood.  Easy to find, just follow the old fashioned indicators that you're close by - street name, number, and sign.
I have to admit the reason why I gave this location in particular three star is because of the location itself. It was such a hassle for myself in order to find this place (did anyone else have trouble too?) For a raw & organic cafe, I can't believe how tucked away it is from everything else on the west side of town! Sure, the lake view side is beautiful, but I'm a little puzzled at how this place gets business if their location is nearly secretive from everything else on the west side of Vegas? Well, the location sort of does make it seem like a cafe sort of atmosphere you would find in California, but I really did wish the location would be more out in the open in the area!

Compared to the one on the east side, the area is very cramped & small (once again it has the California cafe-esque type atmosphere). Their food is just as delicious as the one on Windmill, & they have quite an extensive selection of books at this location (even a more privatized area to browse, unlike the Windmill cafe). The staff here seemed to have really good relations with the locals who come here, since the day I went there seemed to be a revolving door of people that knew each other & were at the most happy (which made me felt a little more homey at this location). 

Same great menu at this location, just a real pain to get to!
If you want to go to "Go Raw Cafe" make sure you go to the other location
what makes me unhappy here is

1. I asked for a shot of wheatgrass and the person who took my order went to cut the glass and put it in the juicer without first putting on a glove. gross!!!!

2.I asked to pay first 3 times , two times she didn't respond and the last time she asked me to wait until the other girl is done preparing but she didn't even communicate that to the other girl. so I had to wait until I finished the meal.

3. people working here not very helpful or friendly

4. no salad bar like the other location

5. I am not a vegan so I didn't know that the carrot soup is cold soup. and there's no mentioning of cold soup in the menu.  I really didn't like it!
Okay. Today is the day... I am submitting my very first 1 star Yelp review. Please forgive me.

So, I must first state that I am not a vegetarian or vegan, but I am an open minded person ESPECIALLY when it comes to food. I frequently visit vegetarian/vegan-friendly restaurants--My favorite being VeggieGrill in LA. Today, my vegetarian friend and I decide to make a trip to Go Raw Cafe because 1. My friend is a vegetarian and we typically cater to his preference when dining and 2. It is Ash Wednesday when Catholics observe by not consuming meat. 

We arrive at Go Raw Cafe pretty excited being that it was our first time. We even mention this to the woman behind the counter who didn't receive our enthusiasm as we thought. She simply tells us to take a seat at the tables and she'd be there shortly. To her, "shortly"  meant ten minutes.

We politely asked the waitress what she would recommend. We went with a few of her recommendations and ordered the Mexicali Pizza, the Neat Loaf and "Fries," and a Tropical Smoothie. We were also served two glasses of water with about one ice cube in each glass. We asked for more ice which never came. 

So... our food arrived. As soon as it was placed in front of us, we were somewhat satisfied. Presentation was pretty decent. The Mexicali Pizza looked very well put together, the Neat Loaf and "Fries" looked "interesting" and the smoothie was well, not worth the couple cents shy of $7.00. It was about the size of a small in most places. 

Onto the taste. The Mexicali Pizza tasted how it looked--decent. The buckwheat crust was just not what I imagined it to be. It was about the consistency of what you would imagine biting into a dog biscuit would be like. The toppings tasted very similar to a 7 layer dip which wasn't bad. The Neat Loaf was in my opinion, disgusting. We knew the second we took our fork to it, it wasn't going to be a great experience. The consistency was like that of poop. Kind of looked like it too to be honest. The "fries" were what I believe to be breaded avocados. I have never wanted to endulge in the greasy goodness of REAL fries ever in my life until after biting into those things.  

I honestly try to make the best of every moment, and my friend and I were willing to order something else off the menu. When they waitress came, my friend had told her the Neat Loaf was not what it imagined it to be and asked about another item on the menu. I'm sure she took this as an insult, and she disregarded his question about the other item and asked "do you want to box it up?" My friend replied, "Um, no, I don't think we're going to eat it later." She then says, "then give it to your parents." Puzzled, he says, "Um. No." Turned off and no longer interested in ordering something else, my friend reminds her of the ice she never brought us and she comes back with it ten minutes later. 

After all that, I asked for the check, paid the $40.00 tab (in which I did leave a tip that my friend said I shouldn't have based on our poor service), and we left in search of something to eat. We wished we had just gone to Yardhouse for their Gardein items.  

I do not plan to return to Go Raw Cafe... Or maybe I shall call it "NO Raw Cafe."

Note: It is obvious that Go Raw Cafe caters mainly to their "regulars." Sitting there for the time that we did, it was clear that we were not treated like their "regular" patrons were and not only felt ignored, but felt unwelcomed. First impressions often are lasting impressions.
I was visiting from California and decided to try this restaurant along with my sister and parents.  The place has a nice vibe, is clean and cheerfully decorated.  I perused their selection of supplements and also the raw foods available for purchase to take home while waiting for our order to come up.  (They also have a fairly large selection of books but I did not have a chance to look at those.)

The food was pretty good and it did come out quickly but the service left a lot to be desired.  There was neither silverware nor napkins at any of the tables--not a big deal but our server did not bring any out for us even once we were seated although she did bring us glasses of water with lemon slices.  

We decided to order the flax crackers with guacamole and salsa and share it as an appetizer.  The food arrived pretty soon after with some brightly colored melamine plates but--still no napkins or silverware, which was a bummer since of course chips 'n' salsa can be a bit messy.  The chips were crispy and had a good flavor and the salsa and guac were obviously fresh and brightly colored.  The guac had a good consistency with little bits of veggies in it and the salsa was chunky.  (We could have used a few more chips though.)

My father ordered a small salad and the cooked item of the day--a curried soup.  Mom ordered a portabello wrap, sis had the purple burrito with mex pate and I decided to try the mock salmon cakes.  Everything looked great and was beautifully presented on colorful dishes.  Our waitress did eventually bring us napkins and silver but she just plopped down four settings at the side of the table rather than handing them to us.  She never did take away our menus after we'd ordered so I finally moved them to an adjacent table.  I don't think she ever checked back with us to make sure our food was OK but she did eventually come back to refill our water glasses.  (The place was not busy, either--I think there was just one other customer there at the same time that we were.) 

I have to say I was disappointed with the "salmon"--perhaps I should have gone with my other choice which was the "neat loaf."  The rest of my family seemed to enjoy their food well enough though. 

We had a somewhat tight schedule so I'd inquired early on if their desserts could be ordered "to go."  Our waitress said that they could; she said she would find out what the day's selections were and let us know what they had.  She said she thought they had "pies" but she never did get back to us on that.  At the end of our meal I got up myself , went to the kitchen and inquired about desserts which, as it turned out, did NOT include any pies.  They had several flavors of individually packaged cheesecakes, some commercial chocolate bars, and something billed as "fudge" that looked mostly like chunks of chocolate-tinged granola.

We decided to take three cheesecakes and some "fudge" to go.  As soon as we'd gotten up from the table our waitress came out to clear the table and as we were on our way out the door she thanked us for coming.  The cheesecakes were quite tasty.  The "fudge" was not bad but I really think it should be called something else--it really is nothing like fudge.  It has nuts, seeds, honey, and some cocoa in it but not particularly fudgey.

Overall I would probably go there again to try some of the other items on the menu but I am interested in raw foods to begin with.  I don't know if my family liked the place well enough to want to go back.  The Go Raw Cafe gets points from me for the wide variety of menu selections, pleasing food presentation, and the speed in which we were served.  Subtract points for our waitress not doing basic things such as bringing us silver right away, not taking up our menus, and not checking back with us once we were eating.
The food is really good and fresh -- I was surprised as I am not a veg, so this was one of my first times in a shop of this nature. I had the burritto and smoothie, both were fantastic. It's a bit overpriced, but I think they can do that -- considering the time it takes to prepare and the quality of the product. Also, as previously mentioned, time to prepare is a bit lengthy but understandable.
Hard to find the restaurant in the parking lot, it's tucked away in the back corner. This was my first experience with vegan food. I was impressed, the food had excellent flavor for being served cold, I heated mine up and it was better than expected. I ordered take out, which was very easy and my food was ready on time. The quality is outstanding for the price. If you are a vegetarian or vegan this place is a must try.

Note, there is a small section of the restaurant used as a vegan store, score!
I've been vegan for 2 years but not raw. I recently got interested in raw food so when Bob found this place during our trip to Vegas, I was eager to try it and we went for dinner. The results were mixed to say the least.  The atmosphere is very casual and the service lackadaisical. The appetizer of hummus and sprouted bread was awesome, could not have been better. I liked my green juice and Bob loved his multi-juice concoction of carrot, tomato, green, etc. We both ordered lasagna, bec I ordered it first and Bob copied me, and then I refused to change my order to something else. Big mistake.

The lasagne looked good, and parts of it were good. But there was some kind of sauce in it that tasted strangely bitter and sour that was a total turn off. I picked it apart and ate the greens and squash and avoided the yucky sauce. The little salad mix and toast squares were tasty. The food was really filling as others have mentioned so small portions are just what you need.

During the meal, Bob mentioned that he felt like his sinuses were stopping up and we chalked it up to hayfever. We bought a few packaged things from the store to go. On the way back to the hotel, Bob macked on some cinnamon & raisin "tortillas" that smelled great but tasted like sand.  The really bad news is that Bob rediscovered a flaxseed allergy that he had only experienced once 10 years ago and had forgotten about,  that within 30 minutes had closed up his throat and made his neck swell up like he was storing nuts for the winter. A trip to the ER and 5.5 hours later, Bob was on the mend from various injections and IV drips (food allergies are nothing to f with as you may know) and we spent another hour finding a CVS pharm that was open and getting prescriptions filled. So much for a fun night out in Vegas.

None of that was the fault of the restaurant but it did put a damper on the experience, not to mention that Bob's newfound sense of adventure to try vegan/raw foods with me has been set back about a decade.
If this place had been in Vegas 20 years ago I might not have given it up being a vegan.  If you like raw vegan food, this restaurant will not disappoint.

The food is fresh and good.  It has that wonderful clean smell of a vegan restaurant that serves green juices.

The atmosphere was very laid back, relaxed and casual.  It's a small, casual place with a homey feel.  The waitress had a calm, gentle demeanor.  She was very helpful without being intrusive.  She didn't breathe down our necks, or interrupt our meal.  The food was served promptly.  

I had the vegi coti and the #2 juice, and took the gimme the beat burger home to my husband.    My friend had a salad and a smoothie.  We finished with delectable carob pie.  I thought it would be good but it was much better than I expected.

The food was not  salty, over processed, frozen and heated, or greasy.  The flavor came from authentic fresh ingredients.  It's my new favorite place to eat out.

One tip I can offer to first time diners if you aren't accustomed to raw vegan food - don't compare it to what your normally eat.  Don't expect the pizza to tasted like a typical pizza.  They don't use the same ingredients or prepare things in the same way.  Vegan restaurants go by a different set of standards and should be judged by those standards.

Update:  Loved it so much I went back yesterday, this time with my family.  My husband ordered the purple burrito, my son ordered the American pizza and I ordered the beet burger.  We each ordered a different delicious smoothie with our meals.  I told my son in advance - "Don't expect it to taste like what you are used to."  We all tasted from each others plates.  We all loved all three plates, although my son didn't like the crust of the pizza.  It's raw vegan flatbread, and even though my husband and I loved it because it has a wonderful nutty flavor that compliments  the fresh toppings, my son prefers a  traditional pizza crust..  Unless you already appreciate raw vegan food, you might  want to order items that don't have a crust.

Before we left we picked up a cookbook so that we can attempt some raw vegan meals at home.  We can't wait to return to Go Raw Cafe!
Ok, I'm not a vegan. In fact, when my hubby picked me up for lunch and surprised me by taking me to this little hidden restaurant, I was a wee bit nervous about finding something on the menu I would like. Instead, I just returned to my office, handed my co-worker the menu, insisted she go eat there for lunch, and sat down to write this review. Yup, it was THAT good. 

When we walked in, we were greeted by Areeya who informed us that the salads and pizzas (on gluten free crust) were something that were favorited by most since we were new to the place. So, that's exactly what we got, a half House Salad with the House dressing and a full Traditional Pizza. We got our salad first and it was a smorgasbord of fresh veggies (avocado, bell pepper, cucumber, mixed greens, sprouts) and nuts mixed with the house dressing which tasted fresh and garlicy. Then came the pizza, which the menu claims is 'unlike any you've ever had'... and this is why that statement is true: The gluten free crust isn't a thin piece tasteless cardboard like one would expect, it is a thick, delicious, buckwheat crust that was the perfect consistency for piling on the delicious pesto marinara, basil, cauliflower, almonds, & walnuts. The flavors were extraordinary! 

I'm not a total health nut and I'm definitely not a vegan but this place serves up DELICIOUS healthy food and I cannot wait to return to try more items from the menu.

TIP: If you're ordering for lunch, call ahead and place your order - It did take a little while to get the food.
A little slice of earth that sin city hasn't devoured! Nestled way out in a residential no mans land, welcome to a heath oasis appointed on the corner of an emerald blue lake. The FRESH squeezed green juices are just as legit as Nektar in OC & the vibe is super organic.
I was VERY happy to find this restaurant on my recent trip to Las Vagas. It is not a town I can easily eat so Go Raw was a life saver. Not only did they have an interesting menu but the food was fantastic. I want recipes!
I'll be back next time I'm in town.
When it's time to eat healthy, I turn to Go Raw!! With no microwaves, stoves, or ovens, it's gotta be good for ya, right!?  I submerge myself with granola guys and gals, and certainly don't tell anyone I'm a Republican!  

Their juices and smoothies etc are great!  For lunch I've tried the traditional pizza and the international sampler...I like the sampler more, but both were great.

It's pricy but you are getting the freshest, finest ingredients you can put in your tum tum, so why not!

Friendly service and healthy food can never do you wrong!
i love this spot!
such cute art work and employees are helpful!
i got the house salad and the veggie sushi roll... they were absolutely delicious!! the roll was a fair size and the fillings were delish! i loved the enoki mushrooms!
i also bought their dehydrated onion rings and they were a nice change from kale chips.. 
if im in vegas again i will definitely be back!
oh... and i loved the little ducks outside!
I checked this place out recently after watching a documentary called Forks Over Knives and I attempting to increase the amount of raw plants in my diet. What I believe was the owner of this place greeted me and continued to give me a lot of information about the lifestyle, he was polite and informed. I would recommend checking this place out.
Going raw is hard to do, but with the food that they make here makes it way easier!  The beet burger is one of my favorite things on the menu!  The juices are sweet and healthy!  And the soup is fantastic!  They have a different soup on special every week.  The last one was a curry coup and it blew my mind! There is a dining area along with a cute little store front.  You can eat outside and enjoy the lake!
Great salad and I can tell the lady who works here is special. She has the zin
I absolutely love eating here! The atmosphere is very earth-like, the staff is super friendly, the food is alive and delicious!

I enjoy their fresh juices. The Chlorophyll Cocktail is one of my favorites. I've tried all of their wraps, pizzas, sushi, and most of their salads, and must I say they are all "rawesomely" amazing. Everything taste so fresh and you definitely won't feel sluggish after eating. They also have a mini bookstore where you can read. As well as vitamins and various other health supplies. The location is quite hard to find at first. It's in a small area with random stores by it, and cute little ducks that are great company. An awesome place to try out.

It's pricey, but worth it for getting live, nutritious food!
This place is soooooo good!! I'm so thankful to have Go Raw near me-- they deliver right to my door!  Fresh organic healthy raw food is all I could ask for. I just wish they made me desserts!
I just dined at this spot for the first time yesterday evening with a dear friend.  I am so glad she introduced me to Go Raw.  I wasn't certain what to order so I selected the pizza and she had the veggie pasta.  I'm glad we only ordered 1/2 sizes as the portions are generous.  Initially I was a little sad everything is cold, I know it is a raw spot but the weather is chilly and I wanted to warm up a bit.  I didn't mind the temp of the food at all once I had a warm cup of chamomile tea.  The pizza was seasoned perfectly and the crust was yummy and crunchy.  The veggies were very fresh.  I would order the pizza again. . . in fact I may return tomorrow!  I also shared my friend's veggie pasta, it was fantastic!  Who knew raw food could be so amazing?!  Well. . . now I know, and I will be back to try some more treats.  The very best part of the meal was how I felt after, I felt contently full with out that weighed down feeling.  The staff are super friendly and helpful.  I want to try the curry soup next.  If you are looking to try something different, give Go Raw a shot!
There is no better raw food place in town. It's expensive but worth it. I have tried pretty much everything and it is all good. Try the hummus and the Mexicali pizza.
It can't be easy to get fresh food in the desert so I'm sure that causes a price increase.
My wife, 5 year old son, and I were in Vegas for the weekend. I am recently vegan and was googling and yelping for some good vegan grub here. After seeing some really good ratings on Yelp, we headed out. 

The place is a bit hard to find in the dark, no lighted signs and it's a little hard to tell if it's open. However, as soon as we walked in, I said, "man, it smells good in here" and my wife said, "It smells so fresh", which is a perfect description. 

A waitress greeted us quickly and was very friendly and called us "you guys" several times in rapid succession, which is a little pet peeve of mine, but I must get used to it since it has become the norm. "You guys take a menu, pick a table, and make your self at home". We did.

Our very friendly and upbeat waitress offered us a suggestion to have the "Cheese Burger and Fries". That was a great suggestion. If you are a hardcore meat eater, it probably won't make you happy. The thing I love about raw vegan food, as I recently have discovered, is the way I feel after the meal...light and energetic. 

Thumbs up, and if we are in Vegas again, we will definitely head out to Go Raw Caf'!

By the way, it probably wouldn't take much for me to upgrade my rating. I think if the signage out front were more prominent and the place was a little easier to find, I would give it a 5 star.
My husband and I are going vegan for a couple of weeks to try something new and hopefully rid our bodies of the aftereffects of 6 weeks of holiday gluttony, so for our first vegan lunch out, we tried Go Raw. It was my first experience with raw cuisine and it was good!

I felt a little awkward walking in since my husband was wearing a hoodie from the (amazing) Chicago drive-in Superdawg and I was wearing a wool coat and leather boots but hey, no one threw paint on us so everything was good. The seating procedure was a little confusing but you are supposed to seat yourself and wait for someone to show up. Ok. Service was mildly apathetic but competent.

The food, meanwhile, was delicious! I loved the carrot avocado soup and my Love juice- apple, beet and ginger, a sweet and refreshing deep pink treat. We ordered half sizes of the vegi-cotti and enchiladas. The enchilada came with yummy guacamole, fake "refried beans" and yam rice. It was tasty and topped with a pretty realistic sour "cream" and red sauce. My vegi-cotti was a huuuuuuge portion with a really flavorful, fresh sauce- a soft tortilla filled with almond cheese and veggies with a side of zucchini pasta. I could not finish my plate and left satisfied.

The prices are a bit steep but everything is pretty much prepared-to-order and the ingredients scream FRESH. I will definitely go back as we continue to explore vegan cuisine in Vegas. I want to try the burger and avocado fries next time!
Great green drinks and superfood smoothies. My favorite item is their tiramisu - "Coffee Cream" raw desert. 

The gourmet flavour aspect on some of the items doesn't measure up to many of the restaurants I eaten at in LA, SF, NY or Chicago, but still, it's not half bad. Almost everything is raw and vegan, so you really can't go wrong here.

Go Raw has 2 locations. This west-side one is especially nice, because it is next to a man-made lake.
The view of the "Lake" was a nice treat. it was my first time at  a Raw food establishment. The waitress was very helpful with my questions and gave me some helpful hints on what to order. The kale salad and tropical smoothie were very filling and refreshing.
My husband and I ate at the cafe on Eastern Ave. I have tried raw food a few times before,  including a takeout from Whole Foods, and this was much, much better. I had the " cheeseburger " and "fries" (which are coated avocado slices) and enjoyed them both. What's more both my husband and I had a very filling meal, weren't hungry later and had plenty of energy. The next morning I didn't seem to have the crankiness I often wake up with. This was also the first raw food that didn't sink to the bottom of my stomach and lie there. There is no atmosphere at this place and the service is minimal. There will also be no hot food. And the food will be nothing like what you might expect, but it is quite tasty, very satisfying and, for one who tries to eat very little wheat flour, it's fun to just be able to order anything I want.
Sadly since moving to Vegas I have not had many vegan choices for restaurants. But I guess I can't compare to LA where the choices are endless. 

I love all the smoothies-but I am assuming some are pretty high in calories, especially the ones made my favorite the Pina Cool-Ada and the Vanilla-Bana. I once asked about this calorie question and was told it's only a tablespoon of almonds. 

The juices are good too, but pricey. They do have a stamp card, but still. Veggie Cocktail is a version of V-8. Good stuff. 

My favorite thing to eat is the Go Raw House Salad. Luckily they sell it at Whole Foods when I am really craving it and don't want to drive to go Raw. 

The kale salad is also good. The Gimme the Beet Cheese Burger is good, but the living bread does not do it for me. 

"Salmon" sushi is good and the Mexicali Sampler, but nothing beats their house salad!
Was so excited about trying this restaurant. My boyfriend is a health nut and we try and venture out often. 
Literally one of the worst meals I've ever had! And I spent a year and a half in Iraq eating MREs!
We left without finishing anything and immediately went and got something else to eat...
So disappointed. After the first bite my boyfriend looked more disappointed than the little boy on Christmas who didn't get the present he wanted...
Never again...
PS We tried the carrot and avocado soup, the veggie wrap and the traditional pizza.
The go to place for eat all you salad bar and juices. We came here for the juices and wheat grass shots.
They also sell vitamins and other nutrients you can add on to your smoothies and juices.
So I went here to meet up with a group, but it was a bad experience since most of the group flaked out on me. Anyway, when I got inside, I saw that the decor was very colorful and vibrant. It gave a hippie vibe and it seemed to be runned by hipsters (which I don't mind because I consider myself a hipster). I had one of the strongest juices they had on the menu with the most ingredients. I had the biggest cup...which could've been bigger, but eh it was a good drink anyway. I didn't eat anything so I will update my review once I try their food.
Showed up for a meet up happy hour and that wasn't such a hit however Go Raw is a gem. Right off the lake with a beautiful view. The food looked phenomenal as I watched a couple of people eat during our conversation and they validated for me that it was as good as it looked.

The juices and smoothies are absolutely incredible and the staff was very friendly.
Gah this place makes you feel so healthy, like you could run eight miles carrying a baby elephant. It is confusing for new people, you have to order in the far back of the store, and pay back there as well. The part of the store where you have tables to eat isn't manned a lot, so in theory people could eat and run without paying :(.
This is a RAW food cafe, meaning that the food you get is NOT cooked. That's what raw means...so you've been informed. 
My friend took us here to try it out, she got the Italian Sampler and I chose the 'Cheese' Burger. Everything is made with organic veggies and vegan almond cheese, along with live bread (which is NOT cooked, dur). The cheese was a little dry for my tastebuds, it kind of overpowered the flavor of the bean sprouts and excellent house made catsup and mustard. The bread was really tasty, and the fries are slices of avocado rolled in what looks like crumbs served with the catsup (SO GOOOOD!) Every plate comes with a garnish of bean sprouts and a slice of apple and orange to cleanse your palate. 
My friend really liked the pasta she had, which was really zucchini, and the lasanga, but the toast with the tomato and cheese was overpowered by the cheese as well, but still very tasty.
We got boxes of fudge to go, which is nuts, oats, honey and carob chocolate squares, not at all dry but very moist and sweet. 
I want to go back and get a bowl of their soup and a smoothie sometime!
The layout:
Stupid, please, hire an interior decorator or something to help you rearrange your store/cafe. The fact that customers don't even know where to go to order their food or even find the cash register shows that the layout is flawed. It's too cluttered and everyone that walked into the place after us also seemed confused, unless they were a regular. 

Also, don't have a "bar section" complete with stools and whatnot if you're just going to use the counter to dry off appliances. Gross.

The service:
Lacking. The lady was nice enough, but she gave us no greeting when we came in, gave us no instruction on of we order/sit first or how to pay.

The food:
The only decent thing about this place. I got the italian sampler. Lots of tomato, maybe too much, but the pasta was delicious as was the toast and lasagna. 
The only thing I'd have to say about the lasagna is to lay off whatever herb they put on the tomatoes for that particular dish. It's too overpowering and really ruins the taste of the lasagna itself. Had to scrape it off to enjoy it. 

Also bought some fudge, which was delicious and I really want to know how they make it.
Didn't get to try any smoothies, but will probably back to give it a test.

The price:
Alittle pricey, which was to be expected, as all vegan/organic food is usually on the high dollar side. 

Final Note:
Also, I heard someone complain that the food was cold. It's called Go Raw Cafe. Everything is raw. You're an idiot.
When I say "god awful" I'm not exaggerating.  Asked for a speciality smoothie and while they were making it, noticed it was extremely thick.  "That's not a smoothie, that's a blended banana!!!!" 
I asked them if they could please add more almond milk and they responded by saying "all our smoothies are thick" 
- they then proceeded to add regular water, not almond milk like I asked.  Didn't fix the problem.  Think EGGNOG with a cup of flower or corn starch mixed in.  
Then they served me my "large" $10 smoothie, which in any other place would be considered a medium size... And it was still so thick, so chunky, it was like oatmeal.   it wasn't a drink, it was a pured banana in a cup...  Not exactly refreshing  or even drinkable in 110degree weather, post work-out.  Almost got a brain aneurism trying to suck it through a straw.  "Thanks for the spoon but it still tastes like crap!"  

Also got a lemon grass shot at $3/oz. 
when I was done at this horrendous establishment that was also: dark, crowded and poorly spaced/displayed - I went immediately to the Smoothie King down the street so I could finally find something to quench my thirst.  And while I don't like chains.... I just needed something to drink, that was palatable... and quickly....
Wheatgrass was $3 for 2oz. Half the price!  Maybe Go Raw has some "special" type of holistic, organic, special, wheatgrass that has been carried into Vegas by a yogi, healer that protected said wheatgrass from the droves of vultures trying to horde it's green nutrients..  Or, maybe they were just charging twice the price for the same thing I could get down the street.

Did I mention how rude and Un-accommodating the staff was at Go Douche cafe?  Also, SLOW....  Not like "we are busy, slow" more like, "we just don't care, slow."  

So, if you want bad food at extremely high prices and served with poor attitude in an aesthetically unappealing place... This is your spot. 

Note to owner: take a trip to LA, visit EarthBar on Santa Monica Blvd. and learn how to operate a business.

Just cause you're selling speciality food to a speciality audience doesn't give you the right to act like a bunch of fart smelling douches.
Amazing food and super friendly staff :)
For the vegans and glutens-free among us, this is where the party happens.
Salad bar looked absolutely incredible, as did the mini-market of raw, vegan goodies just inside the door.
You have a tough decision between the beet burger and the pizza. Transcendent, both of them. If you could only see our faces the moments we took our 1st bites... Let me put it this way: we didn't speak for the entire meal.
N.B. Skip the dessert cups; ain't worth it.
First time at this place and it was AWESOME.  They have a tomato, pea & ginger stew which was AMAZING.  It was late, cold and rainy out, so this hit the spot.  We also had some fresh juices and a smoothie.  When on this side of town this place is a MUST.
Great place, I love the purple burrito.
Go raw cafe is the only place I've found that's even relatively close that provides completely raw, vegan, organic food, and they do a pretty good job imitating some of the dishes we were used to eating growing up (most of us anyway, unless your parents were hippies... In which case, I'm jealous). But yes, in case you didn't put two and two together, raw = no cooking. Expect cold things. I love their variety of juices and smoothies, and the ones I've tried have all been quite good. Yes it is on the pricier side but they also offer half orders on a handful of their dishes (still a lot of food) and, I mean, what do you expect? The foods are more expensive in a grocery store for organic, so organic meals are obviously going to cost more.

The layout could definitely use a makeover. You would think considering the food they provide, and various things on the walls, that they'd want good feng shui or something.
I'm a meat-and-potatos guy.  But I've been to plenty
of the vegan places that make the fake meat dishes.
Looks just like Pork!   They can be fun.

But "Go Raw Vegan Live food"?  AND, you expect me to
walk in and order "The house salad"?   Uh...

WOW this place is great!!  The best thing on the menu
has the prosaic name "house salad"  Delish!!
they should change the name to "transcendent seventh
heaven salad" or something :)

The entrees can be a little hit-and-miss.  I loved the 
(not)pasta with (not) marinara sauce.  But I couldn't 
figure out the "purple burrito", some mushy stuff in 
a thick purple vegetable skin -- meh.

I also haven't tried (yet) the wheat-grass-hemp-
whathaveyou smoothies they are obviously big on.

Yes, the place on Windmill in Vegas IS just a
store-front.  It doesn't even say "Go Raw" except 
on a small sign at the door.  Just look for the 
Vegetarian place in the SMITH'S supermarket parking lot.

Service?  Layout?  RELAX PEOPLE.  I've seen people
walk in, sit at a table, and the "waitress" took their 
orders just like at some steak house.  I've seen others 
walk up to the counter, discus food with the staff, then 
order/pay at the counter.  It's all good.  Relax. Breathe.

For me, this place gets FIVE STARS for making me believe
I could actually/easily be a vegan -- with these people
preparing my meals anyway.  Eating there just makes me happy.
I always get a weird feeling inside and can't wait to get out. I feel sort of claustrophobic and uncomfortable that I could never even imagine dining there. In fact, it's one of the most uninviting places I have ever been in.  I think the dark and poor layout contributes to a bad flow to the place. People walk in and don't know what to do or where to pay without guidance from the employees.  I think the employees figure if you were able to find the place then you have been there before.  I always wonder if they are still gonna be in business when I drive up.  After looking around my last visit I asked myself why not just get a juice at Whole Foods 5 minutes away??  I made up my mind and I am officially all done with Go Raw Cafe.  

They recently put a rack of vitamins in front of the stainless steel bar area which seems so large and out of place.  They also moved the cash register around the corner which is awkward.  It's beginning to feel really cluttered even though there is plenty of space to work with.  They have it laid out horribly.  I used to enjoy my juice outside by the lake but the chairs are always missing and the trash is usually over flowing.

I usually get the spicy veggie cocktail, whatever my boyfriend wants, and 2 coconut waters or to-go. The girls have no personality and border on rude...definitely not friendly not matter what day of the week or what worker you get...it's strange?  I guess if I was crammed into the back of that cafe to work all day I would be unhappy too.

GO RAW is hidden...with gem potential if they would just hire someone to redesign the layout.  The bar stools at the stainless counter were the only place I ever saw people sitting and that option is gone now.   You can't get a good vantage point on the menu from the small area that is left to place your order from.  If it's busy you can't watch them make your juice because you are in the way.  This place is a wreck and I have seen better use of space in a food truck.  (The photo shows the menu from where you order and the rack I am speaking of is off to the left.)

Improvements to the inside are beyond needed...at the very least, move that rack.  If you get crazy with renovations the wall near the lake should be all windows....corner to corner windows...you are a cafe on the water with one of the BEST views in Vegas.  Your space has the greatest potential and you are wasting it.
Love! It's definitely one of my favorite vegan places in town- and I am super picky!
My favorite is the Mexi wrap- such great flavor and texture. And it comes in sifferent sizes. 
This location (the lakes) is a great spot with beautiful views. I love how it's hidden away.
I love that this is so near to my business. Being from California I am right at home here with the raw food and by the water 
It reminds me of being in Venice beach. 
The staff is nice and always has a good suggestion and the food is pure fresh and great! I love love love the mexi wrap! Can't wait to try more things off the menu. My fav. #5 add Green Apple. I'm an avid juicer and vegan and thrilled to find it!
We visited this place on a Thursday afternoon for lunch. Firstly, we couldnt find the place, as there is no banner that says Go-Raw. They have large signs that say VEGAN! Now, I figured out that there is no way there would be 2 vegan cafes in a strip mall - so we went in, turns out it was the place. It is certainly surprising 
that there is one such place in Vegas - which is the town of buffets, steak, sinful food and wastage. 

Ambiance: it was somewhat boring. Looked more like a homeopathic clinic or bookstore than a lunch place. The lighting was un-flattering, furniture was boring, decor was average. 
Food - Certainly a lot of variety - but perhaps that is the problem here. They had american, Mexican, Italian  and Mediterranean dishes and it is really difficult to come up with so many good combinations, especially if you are planning to Go RAW!  I am comparing with other organic, vegan and raw places, so I am setting my expectations right. I tried the lasagna, and it was horrible. They told me the pasta was made out of Zucchini, I thought it would be something cool and unique - to my disappointment, zucchini was the pasta. The sauce was average and so was the salad. We also tried their beet burger, but the bread (which must have been made out of almond meal or something) was really dry and chewy. The Mediterranean platter has some kind of wraps made of collard greens (sucked), hummus and a cold salad. The hummus tasted, but again - I've had better. 

The portions are really huge and so are the prices. When you are eating raw food, the truth is that you wont eat a whole lot - the food energizes you quickly and is leafy and cold so you just dont over-eat. It is a good thing, but its also not food that you want to take away and eat later when it is colder and stale. This place needs to really reduce the amount of dishes on the menu, focus on few good salads and sandwiches and make them really well and tasty. 
Service - The waitress didn't seem to care that much, kinda typical vegas attitude. The owner came down to explain the menu options, but no one really came back to check in on us to see if we liked the food, especially considering we were first time customers. There were 1-2 other people in the restaurant but seemed to be there for medicines or books and ate something while they were there.
Had the purple burrito. It had a lot of flavor and it was a lot of food. If you are looking for all natural food. This is the place.
One of my favorite restaurant in Vegas! The raw beet burger is the best veggie burger I've ever had! :)
So yummy! Service was attentive and very nice. We had the Mediterranean pizza and was delish. I wish we had one of these is Phoenix, I would go all the time!
Very creative and tasty raw vegan menu.  Salads are excellent.  Also beet burger, neet loaf, pizza, lasagna and desserts are very good.  Lots of juicing, smoothies and and other raw food delicacies to nourish you.  Ambience and service are pleasant w/lots of vegan products and books to take home to learn more.  Remember nothing is cooked.  De-humidifyers are used to make sprouted bread and "baked" goods.
When ones hunger is taking over them and driving around, we have a few choices here in Las Vegas. You can go through a drive through, or stop and get a quick take out fast food type item. Tropical Smoothie has a couple locations around the valley and they really serve a great purpose. They have good smoothies, although not my favorite thing there, and wraps and salads. The Chicken Ceaser Wrap is the absolute perfect lunch on the go. It is SO yummy. It has white meat chicken and lettuce and cheese inside a tortilla, with some baked chips is under ten bucks and a pretty healthy alternative to a drive through. Another fave of mine is the Buffalo chicken wrap, it beats a burger any day! They use boars head meats and cheeses for its sandwiches so your always guaranteed a great sammy!
This is my fav lunch spot in town! The combo is perfect for me for lunch.. pick 2.. half salad, half sandwich, and 24 oz smoothie. Every smoothie I've had has been great, in particular the Island one (one with pineapple and peach and banana.. mmm). The sandwiches come toasted and warm. 

Also have to strongly recommend the King Caesar wrap. It is warm and toasted like the sandwiches. This throws my boyfriend off and makes him upset (why is a wrap toasted he asks), but I find it delightful. Just a heads up if you find toasted wraps "wrong".
When my honey comes home from work, he stops by and gets smoothies for us- They taste great at 430 am! Blueberry with frozen yogurt..yummm! I'm of course a Cali girl so I'm a Jamba Juice girl, but when in Vegas....Tropical Smoothie is the place to go.
Two experiences, two drinks, two sandwiches... and go to review!

Well, I ate here two days in a row on my lunch break. Mostly because I was really liking their small sandwich portions paired with a smoothie. I was getting tired of eating huge sandwiches or big meals on my lunch breaks, so the smaller portions from TSC were a better option for me.

First off I've had quite a few smoothies from TCS and although I like most of them I tend to stay away from anything that has pineapple in the name because I think it just makes the smoothie taste weird. My favorite smoothie from here is the one that is mainly blueberries (I forget the name). 

The food was pretty decent. I have had the Pesto Chicken and the Buffalo Chicken wrap. Is it great? No, not really. But is it okay for the price, plus getting a smoothie to go with it? Yes. 

However, the girl working the register the first time I went put me off. She was unprofessional and slightly rude. I was really glad she wasn't working the second day I came here for lunch. 

I like Tropical Smoothie, but I like Jamba Juice better for smoothies in general.
This is a smaller than usual Tropical Smoothie Cafe with as little as 4 tables and 1 single-unit bathroom. Mind you, their bathroom has no vent so that's one thing to note! 

My galpal, Candy and I were set to do some research on good picnic grounds in the Las Vegas area for my birthday (which is tomorrow, but we plan to go on a picnic next week) so all we needed was a strong wi-fi network (and she assured me that Tropical Smoothis was 'student friendly') and some good ol' brain food. After a quick examination of the menu, we both settled for a couple of flatbreads - Honey Ham & Swiss for her and Chicken Pesto for me. For $3.99 (that's $4.13 with tax), we were filled up pretty well. Top that with a chocolate chip cookie (roughly 0$0.60 each) and we had our cherry top for the night. 

We had a good time chit-chatting if only it weren't for the cackling blender in the background that grumbled abruptly every now and then, it had us jump a little every time. But other than that, I wouldn't entirely suggest this place for a hang-out as much as it is a stop-order-&-go branch. Friendly service and good food nonetheless.
Love this place. I always feel so good about myself after getting one of their smoothies!
Pretty good location. They tend to get pretty busy at lunch time, when I usually frequent this place, but they are efficient and always seem to get each customer in and out as quickly as possible. Customer service is pretty friendly as well.
Although I was sick with a sinus infection... and what I mostly tasted was "cold" ... 

From my previous visits to Tropical Smoothie, its sweet and delicious and oh-so refreshing on a "normal" Vegas day. 

Will definitely come back since this place is more abundant than Jamba Juice or any other places of the sort around my neighborhood
So I ordered a lean machine from this place and when I left I started to drink it and it tasted like someone put all kinds of medicine in the drink it was so bad it made the hair on my arms and neck stand up and made me get shivers from drinking it. So i mixed it around a little to see if that would help and it didn't at all. I wasted money on that drink cause I had to throw it away due to it being so bad and nasty. I will never order a smoothie from this place again it was so bad and disgusting. It makes me want to throw up. DO NOT ORDER THE LEAN MACHINE FROM THIS LOCATION EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what can i say about this place, it is the best in my opinion. none of those garbage smoothie places come close. No jamba or smoothie king or even fast food or fro-yo places can compare. I love this location inside the green valley ranch because it is right next to my school. the prices here are a little steep compared to the ones all over town. acai berry boost with whey, never order anything but it, and never will... this smoothie alone has changed my life, believe it or not...
Location&Parking: This place isn't really hard to find. Located to the right of Albertsons and next to radioshack. And there are always parking spaces available at the front of their cafe.

Price is usually around $4 for a regular smoothie. Not that bad of a price. They also give you a stamp card so when you have 9 the 10th one is on them.

Service: Usually just teenagers working at the shop, but they're all pretty friendly and helpful. I usually have my drink out in 5minutes or so.

Smoothies: I come pretty often, at least once a week. So far my personal favorite is the mocha madnesss. And so far I've had no smoothies that tasted bad, all were pretty much on point.

A major plus is that they're open 24 HOURS!!!!
Always come here for lunch and never had an issue! The cranberry white chocolate truffle is amazing btw.
Great place to come to when you need a good kick back time with your friends. Smoothie is tasty, customer service is fantastic and service is really fast. My favorites i get here is the sunrise sunset smoothie and a flat bread baja chicken. I recommend this place!
This was my first time ordering from this location. I ordered the Jetty punch with energizer. It was awful! I was on my way to an appointment so I couldn't come back, but I called to let them know that the bananas they were using were bad. At least, that's what it tasted like. The girl proceeds to tell me the "Energizer" is BITTER in flavor. I think it's curious that they would make a BITTER boost to go into a sweet smoothie.  If that is true, I would think you would tell your patrons that it's going to change the flavor.  

I am surprised they didn't offer to re-make it for me, since I was clearly not happy. I will not be visiting this establishment anymore and will tell everyone know to steer clear!!
The most smoothie experience I have is little sample cups I've tried and liked and made many at home. My husband has been on a Tropical Smoothie kick and he got a free smoothie coupon for his birthday, so he decided to share it with me. He got the Health Nut Smoothie, it was really good. And it wasn't heavy like I thought it would be. I would get it again and I'd be willing to try out some others. This location wasn't really busy at around 7 pm on a week night so we were in and out with our smoothie really quick. There is no drive thru at this location.
How great is this place? I love the selection and combinations they offer here! I also adore that they only have one size and it's actually quite massive. My husband usually ends up finishing mine after he's slurped the last of his. Service is friendly and pretty fast, it's perfect for a warm desert day. 

The only suggestion I have for this location is that they invest in some air conditioning, cuz it was brutally hot inside. bleck.
Awesome place!! The staff is nice and fast. I love all the smoothies and the honey ham & swiss flatbread is delicious. They are open 24/7 which is great for the graveyard people
when you first walk in you are hit with this horrible smell of....i dont even know what it is.....its just nasty...like burning rubber or something! for being a place that is supposed to create amazing FRESH drinks from wonderful fresh fruit.......it certainly doesn't smell that way! Also, their sandwich/wrap selections for non meat eaters is sad! The one wrap that they have that is vegetarian is just nasty...whatever corporate chef put those flavors together clearly didn't taste it after they made it! one choice?? that's all your going to give us vegetarians??? I know thats more of a corporate issue...but the smelliness of this location should be the managers issue...also the employees are very slow and really dont seem to give a hoot about their jobs....
Not very fast service, but delicious smoothies! Yummy!

This place is always busy and I know why. First, super friendly staff and great smoothies. They could stand to be more efficient making the waits less, but it was worth it all in the end.

I got the Peanut Paradise with peanut butter, banana, non-fat yogurt and whey protein. It was a BIG drink. Almost too big. I was headed to yoga and just wanted a little something to put in my stomach, but I couldn't drink all this without getting sick, I'm sure. So, it's a good sized smoothie for the price. 

I have other things here that were just as good in terms of smoothies. I have to say the food looks a little unhealthy (not sure if is or isn't, just looks that way), but looking at it I'd have to stay away. 

Anyway, great place to indulge a little and do it in a mostly healthy way! Love this place!
"FYI, when you cut a 'TO-GO' wrap in half that has any kind of sauce, guess what happens, yeah the sauce leaks out all over and the tortilla and it falls apart!"
Not really much to add other than what people already know. But don't forget, you can get your drinks without sugar or sweetener-free! You can cut out a ton of calories by using Splenda. Regular Blimey Limey = 210 calories!
Health nut is perfect to start the day
Went right at lunchtime (1230pm) there was a line about 5 or 6 deep with 1 cashier, but it went quickly. Cashier was efficient, yet still professional, not rushing anyone. 

I got the 'get up and gogi' and it was excellent just as it always is. I noticed they did add new smoothies as well, which I didn't notice until after I ordered, so I will have to go back and try them since they sounded good.

This location is great. Staff is always friendly and they are open 24 hours.
What happened to their amazing smoothie menu?  It was very limited today. Yuck...and the smell when you walked...was like burning rubber.  :-(
i love this place, the girls always remember my smoothie and are always pleasant they ran out of splenda today and i left and walked next door and bought them a big ass thing of splenda so they wouldn't run into that problem for the day, they were so kind and grateful, my fav place :)
The smoothies & food are awesome but its never clean inside. Trashes are over flowing, debris all over floor,  The tables and chairs are covered in crumbs. I saw a roach crawl up the wall about a month ago but i didnt want  to say anything because I really like the staff & I didnt want to embarrass anyone. Anyways, just clean it up and show some love!
My go to for post work out smoothies. I love that Tropical Smoothie Cafe's use fresh fruit rather than puree and if you're calorie conscious, they have a chart where with calories in each item on the menu. My favorite is Island Green but Lean Machine, Muscle Blaster and Acai Berry Boost are all delicious! If you're like me and like post workout smoothies, you can always add a shot of protein to any smoothie that does't come with it (you also have a choice of Soy and Whey). If you're not like me and like to indulge, they have a selection for you too. This location in particular is great. Staff is pleasant and fast, tables and the counter are always clean.
Everytime I've gone to this location, the smoothies were absolutely HORRIBLE. They were always too sweet. I tried to like the smoothies, i gave it so many chances, but each time I was disappointed. I think it's just the location because I've tried a Tropical Smoothie on Las Vegas Blvd and another in Summerlin and they were excellent. It's just very inconvenient to go to those locations because this one is the closest to where I stay.

The only good thing here I would say is the food. I've gotten a couple of wraps and some salads here and they were pretty good.
The smoothies are great, I ask for no sugar because they put a quarter cup in. sandwiches are taste but they microwave the chicken. sometimes they are under staffed and you have to wait a while so give yourself time.
Every single table was dirty, there were 3 people working, 2 weren't actually doing anything, only 3 people including us 2 were here... CLEAN THE TABLES!!! Disgusting, dirty, lazy workers. We had to sit at a wobbly table just because it was the cleanest out of all the dirty tables. And to top it off, the Asian lady was rude.
This place is so good. Id have to say almost as good as Jamba Juice. There is a weird smell when you walk in and Idk what it is big their service and drinks as fantastic.
ERIC WAS AWESOME! There were literally 6 people ahead of me, and 3 came in after I ordered. Poor guy was the ONLY one there! Though it's the late/overnight shift, it gets busy! So...GET HIM SOME HELP!! He was working so hard with such poise. Way to not crumble under pressure! Will definitely be back! =)
Terrible customer service. Was about 4-5 people in line and they made us wait about 15 minutes to just take out order. I should not have to wait 30 minutes to get a drink. & if you are going to make people wait so long , the least you can do is apologize. Customers come first. I'd rather wait for me drink sitting at a table then have to stand in line. Annoyed. At least the smoothies are good...
It's not very clean in the dining area and they gave my smoothie to someone else so I had to wait longer than necessary. It seems they need to work on improving work flow or getting another employee in there to help out.
I am a regular at a number of Tropical Smoothie locations-- I absolutely LOVE the Thai chicken wrap with Gardein faux meat. One recent evening, I stopped into this T.S. and ordered just that. The boy with the glasses and large gauged ears took my order. His tag was not visible and he did not give me a receipt, though, so I do not know this name. Upon repeating my order back to me, everything was correct. Once the order was complete, as I took my bag, I asked, 'With the Gardein chicken, yes?' To which he said, 'Yes'.

When I got home, I unwrapped my wrap and had a feeling that I should take a look before biting into it. Indeed, my wrap was made with real chicken, NOT Gardein.

I quickly drove back to Tropical Smoothie and confronted this staff member about the error. When I asked, "Why did you make my wrap with real chicken, even though I emphasized Gardein before preparation AND asked you when you handed me the wrap whether it was Gardein or not?"

His reply: "It must have slipped my mind".

Completely unacceptable and absolutely disgusting. Had I not been familiar with what Gardein looks like, I likely would have eaten an entire wrap with regular chicken. I am too scared to go back to any T.S. now, and hope this employee is reprimanded. Thank you for messing up one of my favorite to-go meals!
This place is terrible at customer service! At least at night..... Every time I've come here, I'm always stuck waiting when there's only one person in front of me. There's no acknowledgement when we walk through the door. A simple "I'll be with you in a minute" would be enough. There's no sense of urgency and it seems like they're taking their sweet time making the smoothies while the line gets longer. If you're looking to get in and out within a matter of minutes, don't count on it.
Not friendly, clean or happy. Smoothie was good. People making it need to smile.
LOVE tropical smoothie but this one in particular has the worst customer service I have ever had!!!

Whomever the cashier was sucked so bad!! It was Charlotte or something with a CH but was a guy! He got me a wrap that I specifically asked no ham.... Opened it and it had ham. Then he forgot to give me potato salad that came with it so I had to remind him... Then he forgot the fork as well. He knew he screwed up so bad he gave me a free smoothie card. Did I mention that while he was taking my order he took about 15 minutes and screwed up the entire thing!!! I will never ever go here again.
Zero sense of urgency. All the staff women sit in the back and gossip about random nonsense non business related. Get your a$$ to work, other people have things to do. And thanks for putting sugar in my shake when I specifically asked for none. So much sugar in this smoothie, it might put me in a diabetic coma and I'm not even diabetic. This is ridiculous, FIRE EVERYONE!!!!
I had not frequented Tropical Smoothie Caf in quite some time due to a bad experience previously, but when some co-workers suggested it for lunch I decided to go along.

For lunch I had the Thai chicken wrap with some sun chips...

I have to admit that I was pleasantly surprised! The wrap was very yummy!  I really enjoyed the combination of flavors and textures, the Thai peanut dressing is great!
Maaan my first bad Yelp. This place is a customer service disaster... no hi. No how are ya. No kiss my ass nothing, stonewalled at the register. Tweaker bitch in the back busy doing laps. Peanut Paradise looks like shit ditto on the cookies. I just wanted a cookie :/ 2 stars cause the joint is clean and with everyone hopped up on whatever they where quick. Needs improvement to say the least.
Healthy food. Open for breakfast/lunch/and dinner.  I often stop here for a quick dinner when I am too lazy to cook .  The menu includes salads, sandwiches, flatbread pizzas, rice bowls, etc.  The menu actually lists the nutritional content of each menu item.  You will see a lot of sweaty people in running shorts and tank tops here.  Oh yeah, it's good and pretty cheap.  The turkey burger (served with a side of cucumber salad) is excellent.  Their homemade granola is pretty damn good too.

Note - the menu is hit or miss here.  The vegetarian options are all quite good, as is the salmon.  But the chicken tends to be dry and chewy - not good. I always get the grilled veggie wrap.  It's fantastic.
If I were a vegetarian or super health conscious, this place would absolutely rock.  However, being a normal guy, this place is decent.  I like the occasional salad as much as the next guy, and they've got good ones.  

The chicken isn't the best, but I like their house made flatbread.  I'd  eat here again if I were in the area.
One day when my jeans were fitting a little snug (I think it was a day after Cheesecake Factory) I waddled my fat ass to Soma Express. This place has taken healthy eating and made it delicious - how about that?  Let me caveat it by mentioning it's not for everyone.  But if you're on a diet or are into low-fat, low-calorie and veggie options Soma Express is your place.  

Highlights
* Service and restaurant set-up is counter style ala Pei Wei.  
* The people who work here are REALLY nice - which is something you just don't see much of these days.  
 * Fat grams, carb counts and calories are PRINTED on the menu - (omg I think I'm in LOVE, what a socially responsible restaurant?)
* Free wifi - (lots of yuppies working on laptops here)

I've had breakfast and lunch here and was pleased.  Omelet dishes are very healthy (think mixture of eggs and egg substitute) - mine was a sirloin steak and non-fat mozzarella cheese with cinnamon raisin toast, all with under 300 calories.  For lunch I've had their extra-lean and 99% lean turkey burgers served with baked French fries.  For those of you familiar with Topz in CA or Better Burger in NY - the taste is very similar, flavorful without the grease.  Soma is about as close as we get to those places for healthy burgers.  The menu had a number of veggie options (salads and burgers with tofu, eggplant, ahi tuna and salmon).

Prices are little more than one would expect ($8 for a burger), but I for one don't mind paying a little extra for healthy quality.
So sad, so very sad...
Even with consistent 4 star reviews on Yelp, Soma Express could not survive on the Camelback Corridor!  

I went by for lunch today as I was craving their mirin soy glazed turkey salad and Soma's yummy baked sweet potato fries.  I can almost smell those fries as I am walking to the door... only to see a sign that says they are CLOSED!

Rumor has it they are building a new Soma Express somewhere in Old Town, but until then, I guess I'll just have to make the trek to the original Soma at Tatum and Shea!
I heard this place originated in Beverly Hills and the owner opened a second location here in Vegas. Totally feels like Beverly Hills, with the mosaic tables and all. 

Rachel's Kitchen sits in the heart of Summerlin. When we got there, there was about twenty kids around kindergarten age, chaperoned by four women. Rich women who drove Navigators and such. 

My bf and I ordered a burger and a drink apiece, plus bf's soup and our bill came out to just under $30. 

The soup was a vegetarian split pea soup. It lacked that certain wholesome, salty, smokey, meatiness that meat gives, but I always appreciate a meatless alterantive ... even though tasty meat is so tasty ... 

Bf got a gorgonzola burger. He said it seemed healthy, fresh, and nicely portioned, "a nice alternative to like, Chili's." They sub out Gardenburgers for any burger patty, so I got a sauteed mushroom Gardenburger with swiss. It was pretty basic. I paid $8.50 for that bad boy. 

The fries and onion rings were mediocre. 

I also got an Incredible Hulk, a smoothie with banana, PB, tofu, and some other stuff. It was a'ight. 

The lady helping us was super friendly and acoomodating. 

The place had about eight small tables, each could sit two adults or four rugrats. 

I'd like to go back and check out their pastas. Worth going back. 

Everything on the menu is under $10. But right under $10, ya know. 

* off the strip, non-casino
Clean Californian style cooking,  I had a sample of the curry wrap and it was good, i myself went for the lighter side menu and had a grilled chicken sandwich.

service was quick, some outdoor seating , meal was great.  a bit on the pricey side, but then its summerlin what do you expect.

ill be back
This small kitchen has some great food from amazingly good burgers to healthy stuff like fruit bowls and salads. They serve a good breakfast and lunch yet I haven't tried the dinner yet. Try them out, it's worth it.
How can you not love this place. The food is unbelievable, staff is super friendly and the location is really nice and quiet. This place gets super packed during lunch hours though and it sucks that it's a small venue, but apart from that i have no problems with this place. I recommend the breakfast burrito, garden pasta and the smoked turkey and avocado sandwich
A favorite Summerlin spot for breakfast, lunch, or (takeout) dinner.

Ready in 15 minutes: Favorites are the Signature Pasta or the Mac and Cheese (with mushrooms and onions).  All the breakfast items are excellent.

Tip: If Pecan Bars are in stock, treat yourself. Totally worth it.
I appreciate what Rachel's Kitchen brings to Vegas - really, I do.  Fresh, whole food in a casual atmosphere is just the kind of lunch place that was in demand.  The problem for me is that it's only ok and overpriced.  I mean, I'm ordering a salad or a sandwich at a counter for $10.  Already a little much, the food is just so so for it to be worth the price.  Still, I respect what they're trying to do and I know the Summerlin residents love it.
Ordered the breakfast burrito and french toast. Good portion sizes. Fresh fruit. Smoothies very chunky. Tasted good, they just need bigger straws. French toast was okay. Was just three smallish slices of a roll and not actually normal slices of bread. Burrito was okay. Tastes good with some hot sauce.
I live in a city of franchises (no thanks to all the tax incentives). Then Rachel's Kitchen pops up within walking distance. If you get off the 215 on Town Center and blink, you'll miss it. It's right next to the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.

A show like "Check, Please! Bay Area" (San Fran Bay Area show on PBS where locals showcase their favorite local restaurants.) would NEVER work in Vegas, but if there was a "Check, Please! Las Vegas" I would be on it with Rachel's Kitchen (Firefly would be a very close second). The Arugula Pear Salad $8.75 has got to be my favorite salad on the planet! It's crisp, made refreshing by the sweetness of the pear, savory with the slices of fennel, and rounded out by the bursts of goat cheese & pecans (I used to HATE goat cheese until I ate this salad. Now I LOVE IT).

The BBQ Chicken Wrap $9.95 is sweet and tangy all wrapped in Kermit green spinach wrap. The fries are real (like In-N-Out), not like the ones from McD's that have been under your car seat for years without molding.

Most of all, I love sitting outside, eating on those small tables with the mosaic tiles, and enjoying California'ish cuisine in Nevada. The food makes me forget that I'm sitting by a parking lot with no views.
This place is great, it is a counter service little cafe place but they cook up fresh good quality food.  They have wraps, sandwiches, pastas, salads, smoothies, and breakfast.  My favorite thing there is the 440 sandwich which is chicken, roasted tomatoes and bells, goat cheese, avocado, on ciabatta.  Nothing is greasy and everything tastes fresh.  They also have a nice little patio out front to dine al fresco if it's nice outside.  It is kind of a scene being the type of place it is and being in the middle of summerlin but no big deal, there are usually a bunch of hot summerlin mom's to check out while you wait for your food.

Thew only down side is this place is a tad on the expensive side, everything from 9 - 11 bucks I think, if it was a deal I would give it a 5 possibly, there food does come with fries, salad, or rings so it is't too bad.

Overall a great place, the kind of place vegas needs more of.
I had a really poor, over-priced veggie burger here. The place was full and busy at 3:00 in the afternoon, so apparently it's popular. I'll give it another chance, but even the salad I sampled from my dining partner (since mine was so bad) was just OK.
I had seen Rachel's Kitchen for months and I always noticed there was a crowd there when I drove by which prompted me to make a mental note to try this place.  Fellow Yelpers also seemed to really enjoy it and who am I to argue with the masses?  So I headed over there for a little lunch and I too am now part of the chorus singing Rachel's praises.

The place is tiny but charming...as charming as can be in a Summerlin strip mall.  There are maybe 8 tables inside and double that outside so if you go at peak lunch hours, you may have a weight.  The menu is simple but thoughtful with a range of creative sandwiches, burgers, salads, pastas and wraps.  Perfect food for a sun drenched place like Las Vegas.  Im a sucker for a good burger so I opted for the Gorgonzola Burger and fries.  You can also get a small side salad or onion rings in lieu of the fries.  I found the burger to very good, not the best ever, but good enough to keep coming back.  The fries were average but stealing a glance at my neighbors table I saw the onion rings may be the way to go next time.  Speaking of the neighboring table, they also had salads which looked to be big and fresh.  I guess Ill just have to make a couple more trips back to see if my stomach agrees with my eyes.  

I like that you order at the counter and they bring it out to you...perfect for lunch because sometimes you dont want or need full service.  Soft Drinks and teas are also help yourself and help myself I did because when you have to sit outside on a 107 degree day, refills are a huge saving grace.  I also noticed they had a simple but interesting breakfast menu that looks worth exploring.  

Rachel's Kitchen is a nice alternative to a chain or having to go inside a casino for one of  their restaurants and all the production that comes with it.  Summerlin could use more little "bistro" style restaurants  like Rachel's...it really helps create a cosmopolitan type vibe that cities like Chicago or Seattle have.  Prices were a tad high, but what isnt 8-9 dollars these days anyways?  

Cant wait to take my mom here the next time she visits and I dont take my mom just anywhere so that should tell you something...
Had Fetuccine Alfredo for my first visit and Signature Pasta and berry smoothie for my second. I am a fan. I saw some breakfast meals looked yummy. Dish is hot when served, location is perfect being close to 215.  I will be a regular.
4 stars for cleanliness and food quality. 
3 stars for price for what you get. 

I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and felt like I should do yoga for the rest of the week. This place is a cute, neighborhood eatery. It has a casual patio sitting area (the inside is small). 
I like all the choices they have for breakfast and lunch. 
Apparently, the pasta there is the best, so will have to try that next time. 

My sandwich did come out a little burnt, no biggie, but would stock up on better bread for any and all sandwiches. 

If you're in the area worth the try!
Been here a couple of times. Really nothing special, food is ok at best, more crowded than it should be. I have a friend who frequents this place for milf watching and that's about all this place is good for. Gave two tries and I won't be back.
Fantastic. Places like this were fairly common in LA, but in Vegas they are hard to find. Good, health-conscious food. I had the chicken salad sandwich and she had something with goat cheese and roasted red peppers. Both were great. Wish they had fresh lemonade but I won't take a star for that. But seriously, we need a good arnold palmer to go with lunch.
The Skinny: wholesome cafe eats but so-so sweet breakfast offerings (3), service: it's counter service so don't expect much, wouldn't recommend for large groups because tables are small and can hold 4 people only(3), value: it is overpriced for what it is (2).

This is a local gourmet cafe spot  filled with yoga topped Mamas with their young in tow. Tables are small and are best suited to 4 people maximum - however even with 4 people, your knees will be knocking each other. 

We came here twice: once because we just missed brunch and had to order off their lunch menu, second time just for brekkie.

We had the curry chicken salad sandwich and their turkey club. For breakfast, we tried their french toast and pancakes.

The turkey club ($11) and a nice amount of filling and was standard fare. But really, how can you screw up a sammy that has bacon in it? (if you do, it's a travesty!) Loved the thin slices of bread but would have prefered real turkey breast (not deli slices).  The salad was pretty ordinary with a generic supermarket balsamic vinaigrette on top.

The curry chicken ($10) sandwich was okay, not enough curry flavour. The sides of fries were a little on the soggy side and not satisfying.

We returned for breakfast. Ordered a plate of chocolate chip/banana pancakes and french toast. Both plates came with a side of fruit.

First of both portion sizes are very Jenny (aka Jenny Craig) for the price ($8 ish). If you're looking for a good tuck-in with sausage and eggs with a mile-high stack, this is not the place to get it. 

The french toast was okay - the center was rather dry because the batter wasn't given sufficient time to permeate the bread. So it didn't have that luxurious eggy, fluffy center.

Pancakes were overly moist and not crisp from the fruit and chocolate embedded in there. Flavours were nice but it was hard to overlook the texture.

Overall, this place rates a low 3 star review and I don't feel the urge to return anytime soon.
When my husband and I got out of our car and walked  towards Rachel's Kitchen guess who we see sitting down in the patio area...Las Vegas Entertainer alert ..Penn from Penn and Teller. I thought that was pretty cool even though I've never watched their show. I tried not to stare too much because that' would be rude so we ventured in. I ordered the Chicken Salad Sandwich on Sourdough with a side of salad. My husband had the same except he had his with Cibatta bread and a side of fries. The Chicken Salad had grapes, apples, celery,scallions and watercress. It felt very light and tasted like something you would have at a summer picnic. It was delicious and not your typical chicken salad which was refreshing to me. The salad that came with my meal was very fresh and the dressing complimented it perfectly. I also had their Shangri La tea which had a nice flavor to it..it didn't need much sweetener. I liked the atmosphere ..we sat in the outdoor seating area where I had a good view of Penn's pony tail. It felt very relaxing especially today because the weather was perfect!
Excellent breakfast spot.  I had "The Favorite".  Three eggs scrambled with goat cheese, sun dried tomatoes, avocado, mushrooms and basil.  I remember hearing the tune of "These are a few of my favorite things" running in my head as I read the menu.  It was excellent, I had a great experience.  I will definitely be back.
Great breakfast spot in Vegas.  I love how quaint the place is and the brief menu choices.  I love love love their pancakes and their grilled cheese!  You must try everything there.  It's all worth it.
I have been to both Rachel's kitchens in town. They are both great but this location seems a bit better and has a few more options... They have a daily special which is always different if you happen to catch it on a berry salad day... Get it!!!! It is the best salad I have ever had! If not... All of there salads are delicious... You can't go wrong, huge portions, and healthy too!
Happy to have found a healthier meal option right in our neighborhood.  Rachel's Kitchen offers fresh sandwiches, burgers, wraps, pastas, salads, and smoothies.  You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table.  There are a couple tables inside and some more outside.  We've only been once but the sandwiches my hubby and I ordered were fresh and delicious.  We look forward to going back for some more.
I love Rachel's Kitchen because it's easy to be healthy here! A great example of this is when my husband tried to replicate a Denver Omelet and he asked for ham. The guy behind the counter said they don't carry ham so he chose turkey instead. My husband said it was still good! 

Roberto's Breakfast Burrito has been knocked out of first place in my book and replaced with Rachel's version! It had egg whites, avocado, salsa and Swiss cheese. It was light but not on taste the flavors came together to create a very crave worthy burrito! Yum!
Really good food... If you go there, you have to try the "SUNRISE SMOOTHIE, and the" HASH BROWNS". They are to die for.
So far I've visited Rachel's kitchen twice and the two items I had, I wasn't  impressed with at all.

1st item: The Garden Burger
The patty wasn't greasy at all, which I liked. However, it lacked any flavor and it only came with avocado and lettuce, which still left the burger extremely bland.  Perhaps, if I add tomatoes, onions, and some seasoning it would have been wonderous, but I expected their food to be prepared that way already.  A great option here was you get your choice of either a side salad or fries.  That way, you can easily have healthy food choices.

2nd item: Arugula Pear Salad + Chicken added
Let me say, you get a huge portion of food! Well, at least I did with this salad.  Completely happy about the portion, I wasn't too thrilled about the chicken.  The chicken fell on the dry side and the goat cheese was a bad mix because of that.  Although, the other components of the salad wasn't a complete failure. I loved the pear, caramelized pecans, and the lemon vinaigrette.  Again, perhaps, I just need to feel out the menu first and customize things to my liking. 

While I was there, I saw some of the workers on break having some deliciously looking pastas. I'll have to come back and try more of the menu.  What I loved about this place was their vibrant green tiled tables and cafe environment. They even had tables outside, where I brought along my dog, where we enjoyed the great outdoors together.  The Gardens Park is even right across the street if you feel like a little stroll after you eat.  

Overall, great atmosphere, set up, and location.  As for food, I'll have to try more things on their menu.
Such a cozy little cafe. From patries, to smoothies, to gourmet burgers.

Came here with the bf around lunch. I had the Gorgonzola burger with fries, and he had the bbq bacon burger with the onion rings. The fries were nothing special at all. In fact, it wasn't really fresh. But the burger, I had medium well, was made right laced with a little pink hue. The shredded romaine lettuce was so fresh, it was crispier than a potato chip. unfortunately, I don't like shredded, for the reason it spills everywhere. I tried his bacon burger, it was pretty good- wholesome. Looks like they pick only the best quality in bacon. And yes, bacon has its grade-a's.

The customer service is ok, they pay more attention to their regulars and nothing really special for the noobs. 

i'd come here again to try out the pasta..
An informal gathering of breakfast goers on the weekend and Rachel's Kitchen in Summerlin is suggested.

It's set up more like a fast food restaurant - you head up to the counter to put your order in and they give you a number and you take your seat.

I ordered the Breakfast Burrito "Scrambled eggs, salsa, avocado and swiss cheese wrapped in a flour tortilla, served with breakfast potatoes." ($7.25) and was surprised with how boring it tasted.  Although it had other fixings in it, it just tasted like eggs and nothing else.  I only ate half and brought the rest home (to jazz up for later). The potatoes were uninspiring as well.

The Husband ordered something from the breakfast menu too and was disappointed as well.  We can't even remember what it was, sadly enough.

Maybe it was our mistake that we both ordered two of the most boring items on the menu and that's why we were left disappointed.  Maybe you'll have better luck with their lunch items?
Great food.
Great staff.
They made me a breakfast burrito even though it was past the b.fast cut-off time.
Homefries were tasty and not oily or over-seasoned.  Really impressed me...
Wife had the Tuna sandwich and loved it...not a sea of mayo which she hates.
Staff was cool and freindly, but did not pester us.
The decor was a suprise...I expected a "diner" or "cafe"given the name.
but it was comfortable and the music playing was a great choice.

Most impressive was the beer and wine offerings...only a few selections, but certainly the only ones you need.
LORD HAVE MERCY! The signature penne pasta is something that I now crave on a constant basis. The dish includes a creamy tomato sauce with mushrooms, sundried tomatoes, chicken and eggplant, which makes for an amazingly tasty meal. I have finally found something worth coming to Rachel's Kitchen for. Guess I just wasn't too lucky my first 2 experiences, but third times a charm.
I like that they are cheap wholesome food.

I really love the Parmesan Scone and Bacon Muffin.  They also have really amazing salads( I like Chinese chicken and pear the best).  I also like the multi grain pancake.
Today's lunch choice was Rachel's Kitchen and let me say... It was like eating a Julia Childs meal without all the butter and well without anything like Julia Childs would make.... It was awesome and healthy.

We have decided at work to order nothing but good foods for now on and the first choice was Rachels Kitchen. I Personally had the "440" This amazing mound of goodness has the following ingredients:

Grilled Chicken Breast 
Goat Cheese
Avocado
Roasted Red Peppers 
Roasted Tomatoes
Romain Lettuce. 
On a crispy chibatta roll with a fresh salad with a balsamic vinaigrette

As you can see, No mayo or any sauces but between the goat cheese and avocado you do not need it. 

For those of you that know me, I am not a huge sandwich person and this was one heck of a sandwich. I would invite ole Rachel into my place any day to come whip up one of these bad boys!!

Another plus was that the entire order was made to perfection No mistakes and not just sloppily through in boxes like some other places we order from. Knowing that this is the first time we have ventured into our new healthy options folder, I think Rachels will be a consistent part of our lunch schedule especially since the menu seems to offer tons of healthy alternatives to a Double Double heart stopper or a quick Cardiac quesadilla!!!
You ever walk in to an eatery and feel as if you entered someone's home?  Rachel's does just that.  

They have a small little place on Town Center Drive that is very clean, has friendly staff and great food.  Their chairs are outdoor patio furniture covered with different hues of blue tiles.  When you enter the staff great you with a smile, give you time to make your decision on what to eat, and help you out if you look stuck.  

I have to say that I really like their Ultimate Grilled Cheese -- three types of gooey cheese melted with freshly sliced tomato, and some home fries on the side.  Their home fries are dry, not greasy, and their grilled cheese is crispy but soft on the inside.  Overall, a great little meal that's sure to please.

Their menu isn't a book like some restaurants, but they have enough variety to make you take a few minutes to order something.  Their fresh juices are great, especially the watermelon, and they have fruit bowls and muffins for lighter fare.

Give Rachel's a try.  It's worth stopping by when you're in the area.
I've only been here for breakfast but I'm sure the rest of the menu is just as good. Items are healthy and ingredients are fresh.  A bit on the pricier side but you get what you paid for.
Rachel's Kitchen is a great place to go for lunch. Really small, but nice and quaint.  Great sandwiches, salads, and breakfasts. Pretty healthy too.
Meh. The quality and quantity of their food is definitely a let down, especially considering their pricing. Its just ok for most part. I guess in a town of corporate food chains this place is a nice change of pace though.
I went there with my girlfriend as I wanted to try something new and she had liked this place from before. I have to say, I was a disappointed, in the price and the food. The place was also a little cramped. 

I must admit the portion was huge and the greens were fresh. I had a goat cheese salad with grilled chicken on top. The chicken was ok and the dressing was a bit watery and under seasoned as well as well. I added some salt and it tasted better.

Did you know salad started from the romans who called it herba salta, meaning salted vegetables?

That's right, season your salads ;)

All in all I can see the place doing well, but I don't see me in any rush to try it again.
Can you handle the following type of crowd: Summerlin housewives fresh out of a workout, lawyers with fancy leather jackets and Harleys, Glen Lerner, and magazine ready couples with their beautiful little children? If so, you can handle Rachel's.

It was very nice out so the crowd partook in the abundance of outdoor seating. Indoors, there were only about 8-10 tables so I am unsure how they manage on cold days since it was very busy on Saturday. It is a quick order type of place in which you walk up to the counter, order, take a number and wait for them to bring it out.   

The food was WOW OH WOW! I got the chicken curry sandwich and sweet potato fries. I was given the option to substitute a fruit salad which I declined. Even though this does not sound very healthy it was as healthy as one can make a sandwich and fries. The fries were crispy but not greasy and the chicken curry was so smooth.  

I stole a bite of hubby's breakfast burrito which was so good. It was not your typical greasy, fall out of the burrito type of breakfast burrito. The pico de gallo on it was so nommerific. 

I glanced over as the waitress brought the next table over a chicken Caesar salad which looked AMAZE!

The prices were about 7-10 dollars a plate.

If you are looking for healthy, delicious, quick dining, go to Rachel's!
After a movie at Green Valley Ranch I was feeling like I needed to eat. Out with my friend who frequents The District, she suggested Rachel's Kitchen. It was night (when The District is a bit less chaotic) and on top of that the weather was not very nice for people to be out and about in an outdoor shopping promenade. So, when we entered Rachel's there was few people to be found and those that were there dispersed and we enjoyed our meal all by ourselves. I have seen Rachel's Kitchen a lot more packed, so this is obviously not a testament to their popularity, just the situation in which I went there.

I got the turkey avocado sandwich. It was pretty good. The bread was toasted just right and the cheese and chicken were in perfect amounts. I hate it when I get sandwiches where the meat is just completely overtaking the sandwich. Rachel's knows how to correctly make a sandwich. However - one complaint is that I wish there had been a BIT more avocado. I mean, I LOVE avocado and if it is on a menu then I'm definitely going to order it. 

I can see Rachel's being really popular during the day with really nice weather. The outside seating makes up for the fact that the inside is a teeny bit too small. If the place had been packed I could imagine it would be kind of irritating to be in such a small place with so many people. But, with weather permitting I would definitely take a seat outside.

Why doesn't Rachel's get 5 Stars? It's in The District. I do enjoy The District, but often I find it kind of pretentious. Snooty Summerlin families with teacup dogs and little kids running around just are not my cup of tea. But Rachel's knows what they're doing. I hope to make a return trip to try their breakfast in the near future!
They have a great fresh and healthy menu. Their salads and wraps are delicious. They have a fresh juices which I love.
I've heard good things about Rachel's Kitchen, but honestly I was underwhelmed. The BBQ chicken wrap was bland and a little dry. I almost always clean my plate but it wasn't worth it to finish the whole thing. The sweet potato fries were decent, though. The grilled vegetable and chicken salad was drowning in dressing, rendering it almost inedible. The pancakes -- advertised as being light and fluffy -- needed to be lighter and fluffier.

On a Saturday morning and afternoon it can be tough to get a table as much of Summerlin descends upon this place. We lucked out and got a table right after we ordered. Too bad the food wasn't worth it. I may go back to give them another shot because other items on the menu sound good. I just hope I won't be disappointed again.
So I have lived down the street from this place for 2.5 years and never stopped in.  Why?  No clue!

I will definitely heading back here soon!

Rachel's Kitchen is a little restaurant located next to The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf and is constantly humming with business!

My friend and I stopped in there around 1:30pm on a Saturday and it was rainy.  So it was JAMMED PACKED inside, since no one could sit outside.  We placed our order at the counter, waited for a table to leave & be cleared and we sat down.  They bring the food out to you!

We both ordered the Grilled Vegetable & Chicken Salad: romaine lettuce, eggplant, zucchini, roasted red bell peppers, yellow squash, tomatoes and cucumbers tossed with balsamic basil vinaigrette dressing.

Very good!  The portions are large, so definitely ask for a to-go box.

I can't wait to go back to try the Chopped Salad, Chinese Chicken Salad and some of their smoothies!  yum!
Ok not great.
This place has great healthy foods and the staff is awesome! Ask for Adriana or Cecilia at the counter and tell them Alex Simon sent you. They'll treat you like royalty!
I wish there were more places like Rachel's Kitchen that serve gourmet soups/salads/sandwiches.  

For value, I go to Sweet Tomatoe's, Jason's Deli, and Souper Salads.  But if I want something more yummy, I definitely head to Rachel's.

I usually don't order the same things but I can't help but order their Arugula Pear salad which also comes with shaved fennel, goat cheese, caramelized pecans in this tasty vinaigrette.

I've also ordered the Curry Chicken Salad and Grilled Vegetable. 

Make it an outting and walk the beautiful park across the street and if you go on a Tuesday, you can check out the Farmer's Market afterwards.
My return visit to Rachel's Kitchen! I arrived just around 11:20 AM on a Saturday morning and the place was bustling, although not overly packed. The outside dining area had pretty much every table full of Summerlin moms and a scattering of elderly people and young people enjoying brunch or just coffee outside in the nice weather. I believe Rachel's Kitchen attracts quite a wide range of people.

I ordered the Breakfast Burrito and asked for bacon to be put it in it. The service was very nice and the cashier was pleasant. I quickly retreated outside to find a place to sit and found a partially-shaded table that was perfect. 

The food came out quick. I thought the burrito was very generous with its fillings. There was a lot of eggs, very well cooked, and a good amount of bacon. The pico de gallo inside was not over-powering (especially for someone like me, who HATES cilantro). However, my same complaint as before - I saw avocado on the ingredients list and I was over-joyed with happiness - BUT the burrito was somewhat lacking in my expectation of avocado goodness. Perhaps I have learned my lesson and will order EXTRA avocado from here on out. The burrito also came with little potatoes and ketchup to dip them in. I only had a few, because the burrito was very large, in fact - I didn't finish it!

Rachel's Kitchen is great for an outdoor brunch. I do like it, but again it is in The District and if you can deal with a little bit of the snooty customers who inhabit this particular shopping center, than you will be fine. I will only subject myself to it when I truly need to go out of my way - as is the case with grabbing a bite to eat at Rachel's Kitchen.
Went to Rachels for Mothers Day....although there is not much seating inside we managed to snag a spot! My boyfriend and I ordered the breakfast burrito, french toast and watermelon juice! The French was fantastic and came with a side of fruit :) The burrito was good but would have tasted way better with bacon!! Im craving another watermelon juice as I type this!!! Will def be going back!
Word on the street (or at least "word from everyone that I have dragged into this place with me at lunchtime") is that pretty much everything on the menu is awesome. Sadly, I cannot confirm the status of other menu items as I am utterly and hopelessly in love with the Chicken Caesar Wrap - tasty with fries OR onion rings, but be sure to pack some minty gum if you go with the latter side dish.

A little on the pricey side as far as lunches go (my usual order comes out to $10.76 with tax), but a girl can only eat Lean Cuisine so many days a week before turning into a frozen food entre herself.
My friend and I ramdomly picked  this place for breakfast the other morning. There were so many choices that I stuck with something simple and got granola with yogurt and fruit while my friend opted for an egg white and spinach wrap. I was surprised by the portion of yogurt and granola definitely couldn't eat that much in one sitting, but it was awesome especially since they use nonfat greek yogurt and the granola had raisins, cranberries and currants yum!!! The wrap also looked pretty good and my friend definitely seemed to enjoy it though she suggested they could've have put a little less tomato since it was so hot that juice was running out every time she took a bite. I would definitely have to make a plan to go for lunch. Until next time yelpers stay eatin and stay full.
First I need to say that I have worked in many restaurants in this town since I was 15.  I am now 38 and a classically trained french chef.  So I walk in it looks nice, the tables need to be wiped down but it's lunch time and they look busy.  I walk up look at the menu and see that everything is $9 to $11.  Ok there must be something special about the sandwiches, wraps or salads that they charge that much for.  I order the Turkey Club, I am thinking "ok for $11 maybe it is a Turkey Cutlet with some different type of mayo like an aioli  or cranberry or something."  Then my wife orders the Gorganzola burger and they ask how she wants it cooked she says medium.  So I say to myself "wow, cool they are cooking to order instead of just shoe leather."   Then I order the Kids Pasta with Meat Sauce for my  3 y/o.  They asked me what side I wanted on my sandwich so I look up and they offer French Fries, Sweet Potato Fries, salad or Onion Rings.  I think "wow I haven't had onion rings in a while I am excited I will get the onion rings."  My wife gets the French Fries.  We order three drinks and we are on our way.  Well we sit down inside and I realize they gave us only two cups.  So I go and ask for the third one that we paid for.  The lady who took our order hands it to me.  Then this Mexican guy says you already have three cups on your table.  I said no we don't we only have two and I ask him if he is calling me a liar?  He says no that I have made a mistake and that I have three on the table.  So now I am furious and tell him to come over to the table.  I count the cup for him and he says what about the water cup.  I said it is what they gave us for the lemons we asked for, for the tea.  I said we paid for 3 cups and I want three cups not two with a water cup.  And then he says sorry and goes back to the kitchen.  I am thinking wow are you kidding me that this guy is ready to throw down over a cup.  Then when it was his mistake he only appologises as he is walking back to the kitchen.  Then our meals come out. I look over my sandwich and there is nothing special about it at all.  It is lunch meat with lettuce, tomato and bacon on white bread.  They didn't even cut it they way a Club is supposed to be cut.  Then I notice my onion rings that I was excited about and there were only three onion rings. THREE!!!!!!!!.  Two of them weren't even that big.  So I ask the lady why I only got three onion rings and she says well that is our lunch portion and I reply well it certainly wasn't the lunch price.  Then she asks me if I want more and tell her no I don't want anything from this place.  Then of course my wife's burger is shoe leather and the best thing I can say about my kids pasta is that it had not taste to it.  They didn't cook the pasta in salted water and the meat sauce tasted so bland they probably got it out of a jar.  My whole experience here was terrible and I will never go back.  I work in the restaurant business and word of mouth is everything.  Well I will never have anything good to say about Rachael's Kitchen other than it is laughable that they are trying to franchise this place.
God. I'm spoiled rotten. When I moved back to Vegas after living in DC and San Fran, all I heard was how great, fresh, awesome and wholesome this place was from my BFs. Being in San Fran, you get so used to fresh and healthy and organic everything, you get so jaded, and take stuff like that for granted. In Vegas, there is not a lot of really fresh, organic FAST fare, save a Whole Foods, etc, so I jumped at the chance to try this place. After my fresh pedicure at Alexus Nail Bar, (which is in the same center) I ventured over to met my friend for lunch. First, I was shocked to see how small it was. I guess that is either here nor there, but every damn table was taken inside and out. And with the snotty Summerlin types. Ugh. But  I thought, ok...it's busy, that's a good sign I guess.  I ordered the turkey and avocado sandwich and a tea. Almost 15 bucks. Grrr. Then it came. Pretty small and unimpressive. Didn't look like it was made with any love, that's for sure. And it tasted like a preprepared sandwich at say, a Fresh and Easy or a Whole Foods. But wait. I liked the preprepared sandwiches from Fresh and Easy and Whole Foods a lot better. 
I guess I can say that I'm glad that places like Rachel's even exist in Vegas and are making the effort. For that, I applaud them. The last thing this town needs is another KFC or Taco Bell. We just don't have fast,  fresh organic food as readily available here from "non- chains" like they have on the coasts. I always had access to places like that, but here, yes, we have some of the best restaurants in the world on the strip, etc, but after that, you mostly have chains or non healthy fast food places. "Healthy" is just still not a buzzword here. So I guess I am a spoiled snob who just HATES that about Vegas.
As far as Rachel's Kitchen goes, I don't care what anyone says. This place does not live up to my standards for what you are supposedly paying for. You're better off getting a made to order sandwich at Whole Foods.
 Pass.
Great fresh tasting food with some unique menu items.  I love this place but it is an expensive lunch spot.  My only issue is I wish I could afford to come here more often.
I love the "the favorite" breakfast menu. The scramble egg went pretty well with the goat cheese. The basil and tomato egg was simple and delicious. It's a cute and delicious place for breakfast. Would definitely come back.
It's official. Rachel's is officially a 5-Star place for me. I've been here now on three occasions and although my reviews before this one were not 5-Stars, I gotta push them up to the 5-Star mark.

Today I had the turkey and avocado sandwich with a side salad and a cup of water. The people working here are genuinely nice and professional at the same time. You can tell they all enjoy working here and are happy to put a lot of work into really good food.

The side salad is perfect in my opinion. Greens are crispy, dressing is perfectly portioned and tangy, AND they serve their salads wish sliced radishes! Who does that?! I hardly ever see anyone put radishes on salads! The sandwich was yummy too.

Menu is awesome and offers something for everyone. I will say I think it is a bit on the pricey side, BUT you are in The District. 

Honestly I just love Rachel's Kitchen and the next time I go I am trying one of the salads or the pastas!
I miss this place!  Moved away from Vegas, but will be back to Rachel's as soon as I'm back for a visit!  I've had everything on that menu - Mmmmmmmm!  People are crazy to say this place is over-priced...this is great quality food and you get what you pay for here!  See you soon Rachel! :-P
Am a regular and so is my daughter. Have tried most of the menu & it all is fresh and tasty (as well as healthy). My favorite is signature salad with chicken. They have amazing staff and many repeat customers. Nice to have a neighborhood place to grab a quick bite where the staff remembers me and I see friends quite often.
Was really pleased with my lunch experience at Rachel's this week! I've dined inside for breakfast but this was my first lunch at this new location. Enjoyed a terrific Cobb salad and iced tea on the outdoor patio. Salad was studded with plenty of chicken, avocado and other goodies. Not overly dressed with dressing. Just perfect. Love the iced tea and the outdoor patio is great. I'll be back for lunch.
I was in here recently for breakfast the other day.  The banana and chocolate chip pancakes were very good.  I'd like to try them again sometime for lunch. Rachel's that is, not the pancakes!
Someone brought wraps and salad from here and it is yummy and divine.  A fresh break from the touristy stuff.
I live near by so I am always at Rachel's Kitchen.......Luuuucky (my Napoleon Dynamite voice)

Here are some of my favorites:
Energizer- fresh squeezed goodness
Chicken Mushroom Burger- perfectly tender, best you will ever have my friend
Ultimate Grilled Cheese- HOLY $&^% . its name says it all
Smoked Turkey & Avocado Sandwich- Mmm.Mm.Mm. The chipotle mayo is what sets it off

I really appreciate that this place is far from your regular commercial restaurant chains with heavily processed food. Rachel's has fresh, high quality food at a reasonable price. They tend to stay busy but the service is excellent and the staff is friendly.
Rachel's is a reliable establishment for delicious, fresh food.  I had breakfast here yesterday with a couple of friends after a bike ride through Red Rock and we weren't disappointed with our meal.  The new, bigger location is great to accommodate all of the regulars who started to pack in after we arrived around 11:00am.  Among the three of us, we had the Ultimate Grilled Cheese sandwich, the Breakfast Burrito, and a spinach, mushroom, and Swiss cheese omelet.  The food was delectable as usual and I especially enjoyed the refreshing iced green tea that they offer (my bladder was working overtime to keep up with the multiple refills).  I only wish Rachel's offered hash browns because I'm not a big fan of the seasoned potatoes, but beggars can't be choosers.  Great service, good food--we'll keep coming back for more, just like all of the other Rachel's fans.
What to do after a strenuous hike with a friend  at Red Rock Canyon?  Go to Rachel's Kitchen and have some food to restore some strength.  After a hike on Monday, 1/30, that's exactly what we did.

I ordered the Curry chicken wrap and my friend got their multigrain pancakes with both bananas and chocolate chips.  The wrap is a chicken curry salad with romaine lettuce, cucumbers, and mayo in a whole wheat tortilla.  You have a choice of mixed green salad, French fries, sweet potato fried or onion rings as a side.  I, of course, took the healthy route and got the French fries.

The wrap was very good.  I also got some iced tea.  It's a serve yourself counter on the side.  They had regular and passion fruit.  The passion fruit tea was very tasty.

My friends pancakes were quite good he reported.  The pancakes came with a side of fresh fruit.  After a graveyard shift at a local hospital and a tough hike, the pancakes were enough to carb up his diet to keep going.

As Candace noted, the seating is close.  The tables are small and there are a fairly good number of them in that relatively small space.  When it's warmer. I'll have to go for breakfast and eat on the patio!

I've been wanting to try Rachel's for awhile and I'm glad I did.  Their new location puts them next to a Starbucks.  Does life get any better than that?
Great food! I love their salads. Arangula pear is my fave...
Clean, fast service, nice people!
Met up a friend for lunch at rachel's kitchen because they have an outside patio and i had my little puppy with me.  It looked promising when we first walked in and i initially had trouble choosing what i wanted.  

My group ended up ordering the 440 sandwich, mac and cheese, and 2 different types of burgers.  The sandwiches and burgers come with a choice of side between fries, sweet potato fries, and onion rings.  For the sides we added onion rings and french fries.  

The first disappointing thing was that we had to wait forever for just a couple of sandwiches, but that's understandable cause places get busy and it takes time to get your food.. Once we got our food I was expecting a lot more than what we actually got.. Each dish was about $10 or more and the food looked like something I could make at home in 5 minutes.. the 440 sandwich was suppose to have grilled chicken, goat cheese, avocado, peppers, and lettuce... I probably got one little slice of pepper and even less goat cheese.. the chicken was dry.. the onion rings.. they gave me like 4 little rings.. 
the other burgers and fries were also lacking in flavor and quantity.. the mac and cheese was the best thing we ordered but even that was lacking in flavor and was also dry.. all in all the food is dry and you don't get what you pay for..

.. save your money and time and go elsewhere.. it'll probably taste better too.
Good food, but a little noisy. I went for the first time after hearing many positive things from different people. It was packed and very crowded. I got the eggs, bacon potatoes and toast. The toast had no butter but was good. Eggs were a little overcooked. The potatoes were not that great and I'm a huge, huge potato fan. Not much flavor and a little greasy. The bacon was overcooked. If you want great bacon go to Original Pancake House.The coffee was adequate. It reminds me of panera bread, but not as good. I think this place has huge potential though. All of the people behind the counter were adequate, but not trained well on making eye contact with customer and being friendly. One stand out was a younger hispanic man with Koi fish tattoo on his arm. Very pleasant and smiled a alot,
I took my two small girls to Rachel's Kitchen for a fun lunch today, and it was just delicious.  I had the vegetarian sandwich on wheat with a side salad, and the girls had the mac and cheese.  From the roasted red peppers, to the cucumbers, to the pasta, it was easy to tell that all the ingredients were fresh, and I loved that (a rare occasion these days if you ask me!).  The service was friendly, and the atmosphere was conducive to being with or without the little ones (would definitely also go to Rachel's Kitchen with friends or with my husband).  Oh and the girls wanted to try the watermelon juice - HUGE hit with them, they drank the whole thing!  Great experience, had to share.  Enjoy!
I have only been here during breakfast hours but I do have to say the breakfast food is good. However, unlike other places, I don't have a go-to dish at Rachel's. 

Rather, I have a go-to drink: the WATERMELON JUICE. It's my favorite and I consistently order it everytime I go to Rachel's. I know, I know...it's just watermelon juice and I could make it in my kitchen with some watermelon and a blender. But on lazy Saturday mornings I would much rather pay $4 for the friendly staff at Rachel's to hand me a large plastic cup filled with fresh, delicious watermelon juice than go to the store, buy a watermelon, come home, and make it myself. Don't judge.

This past weekend was my first visit to their new Hualapai location. They used to be off Town Center but apparently moved a few blocks away to Hualapai. The venue is larger than what they had at Town Center and they also have an outdoor patio that you can eat at as well.
hmm... smoothie was ok. Nothing special. Chinese chicken salad was bland. At least the juice was fresh. They need to move the register next to the display case. The treats inside are easily missed and sort of an afterthough. So when it comes to deciding on grabbing a treat for after lunch you've already paid and decided to opt out. Especially since none of it looked fresh. Note to owner: you'll move a lot more out of that case if you move your register. The round tables and mountain of chairs make it feel a bit claustrophobic. Booths are nice though. Place is clean. Kind of pricey for a salad. Would've preferred a smaller portion on the salad and the spaghetti. This place is a star better than the other "Kitchen" with the same menu.
Very tasty and healthy!
 
Grilled vegetable and Chicken Salad/Turkey Club w/sweet potatoes fries - 

The first time about a month ago I had the grilled vegetable salad. Very tasty for being a low calorie and very fresh salad. The turkey club this time I had w/turkey bacon and sweet potato fries very good! I will go back as their food is very healthy, but has lots of flavor. The sweet potato fries very tasty, with little or no salt I appreciated as you can add the amount you prefer. 

They also have some yummy desserts and muffins and serve breakfast as wall. check it out!
A very quick visit after a very long hike in weather too hot. I should know better, but a recommendation of a smoothie at Rachel's was welcome.

Very nice little place on Hualapai with a ton of parking. Indoor and outdoor seating is available and even at 3-00 on a Saturday it's busy. Lots of wealthy suburbanites with fancy watches, cool shoes and expensive haircuts are the main clientele. Beautiful salads and delicious looking sandwiches are to my left and right. It's not cheap but they have very good natural ingredients and the portions are ample.


Oh, my berry smoothie was excellent. I'm saving up and I'll go back for a sandwich.
Pros:
* Lots of healthy menu choices.
* Tasty and well presented.
* Small, but cozy establishment with outdoor seating.

Cons:
* Slightly too expensive.

I live close to Rachel's Kitchen and have heard and read good things on yelp. I stopped by for a Sunday afternoon lunch. My girlfriend and I were one of two groups there. The other group was a fit looking father and his son. Since we chose Rachel's Kitchen for a somewhat healthy option, our dining neighbors were a good first sign.

We ordered a Chinese Chicken Salad and a BBQ Chicken Wrap with side salad to split. The lunch cost 24 dollars which I found to be slightly too expensive. The food came quickly and was well presented. The salad came in a large bowl topped with a lot of wantons and heavily dressed; a bit too much for my tastes. The fresh mandarin and cucumbers were tasty and almost justified the 11 dollar price tag. The wrap too was very saucy but the chicken and lightly crisped onion rings tasted great within the fresh spinach wrap. 

The restaurant was small but comfortable and the warm earth toned greens and browns were engaging and felt relaxed.

In summary, the food didn't disappoint and I would return again and try something else. If the food was slightly less expensive, 10-20%, Rachel's Kitchen would earn a 4 star rating from me.
The breakfast was good but not quite great. The chocolate chip banana pancakes were terrific. French toast was good but the eggs and bacon didn't measure up. Bacon was way over cooked. The kind that disintegrates when you pick it up.
I would definitely come back!
i LOVE LOVE LOVE their oatmeal!!  delish
The tuna sandwich is the BEST!  Great fresh and healthy food.  This place is always busy and it's always great every time I go.
The food was great. Portions great.  Rachel's kitchen is healthy fast-food type of deli counter. My kids keep asking to go back.... they loved the food and the concept. Seating is crowded and inconvenient for larger groups. I didn't prefer the concept of the deli counter, and I was initially confused having been my first visit.
Good Eats!  Their juice blends are always a refreshing stop during the day.  The salads, pastas and sandwiches are good & tasty!
The chicken caesar wrap and sweet potatoes fries are delicious.
This is a great, little place for breakfast...though they offer lunch items too. The food is fresh and it comes out quickly. They have an assortment of fresh squeezed juices, but I went with watermelon and it was yummy. They have gluten free bread, but it isn't well advertised, so be sure to ask for it. The Favorite scramble did not disappoint when it came out with gobs of goat cheese on top. Definitely a place to return and enjoy.
This location is very cute. I had the curry chicken wrap and was amazed by the spicy, curry burst of flavor! I was expecting a good wrap, but nothing as fresh and refreshing, with the cucumbers and veggies giving you the balance of flavor. The crisp, green salad I opted for was very good, with radishes, an unlikely choice in a house salad. A thumbs up on this dish! Try it!

I have been back about three times for that wrap - it's just that good!
Not sure what people dig about this place.  The food was bland and it took forever.  If you like goat cheese though, you may like this place.  They put goat cheese on a lot of items.  Maybe they are milking a goat in the back.

Pretty crowded though so they are probably doing something right for someone.  I like the fresh juice option and the fact that the menu has some lighter items with the nutrition listed.  Although I'm pretty sure some of the nutritional information was wrong.  On what planet does a mixed green salad fat-free balsamic have 100 calories but 3.5 g of fat and a grilled vegetable salad with the same dressing have 159 calories and only 0.5 g of fat.  So dieter beware.
Such a GREAT way to start off my day! I got a BBQ Chicken Wrap and an Acai Berry Smoothie. Loved both of them! The wrap had a great combination of sweet and tangy flavors as well as a great combination of textures. I loved the smoothie even more. I'm personally obsessed with acai and it was a great way to replenish by dehydrated body after a day full of cliff jumping and hiking! 

In all, the place was adorable with a great ambience. I went during their prime lunch hour and the place was filled with suburbanites as well as an array of attractive businessmen and lawyers. A bit pricy for what they serve though!
Just moved into town about a year ago and have been looking everywhere to find a place like this. The food is amazing and its a much healthier option than fast food chains you see all over Las Vegas. Sit inside or sit outside!! I know ill be back for more to come so thank you for being located so close to me!!
I got the Fettuccine Alfredo w Chicken and the Banana/Peanut butter smoothie with a friend. The Fettuccine Alfredo was not as bad as I thought it might be. I love Fettuccine Alfredo but always feel afraid to order it anywhere because most of the time, it turns out pretty bland. I actually quite enjoyed it here. I also never get it with chicken because the way chicken in this dish seems to come often is this smokey-type prepared chicken and I don't like it. But this was pretty different and I thought it was good. 
The smoothie was good, but it's something you can make at home easy-peasy. Buy a blender.
Great smoothies and juices. Not everything on the menu is totally "healthy" so the non-healthnuts will enjoy from their selection also. I have gotten chicken sandwiches and wraps and soup their as well. I'll definitely go back again.
Here's the thing....this would be a 5 star review for the health conscious costumer. Me? My taste buds do the rating.    3.5 stars.
  This is how it happened. I was dragged into this little place by a calorie counter, I watch what I eat, blah blah conscious friend that spends half of his life at the gym and reads every label or ingredient on anything he eats. Well I'm the opposite, the only times I go to the gym  is the day after my yearly doctors check up, the day my yearly membership is due and when I have plumbing problems at home and I need to take a shower. As for labels, I don't have time for that , I use common sense.  Good for you = tasteless, bad for you = delicious. So when my friend told me how this place serves very healthy options I was wishing I would've went to lunch with my fluffy friend instead.
  I ordered the chicken fettuccine Alfredo and I was happy with it, not bad at all. It was rich and creamy and servings are large enough for two meals. My friend ordered a turkey sandwich and French fries. Yes, French fries, I don't get it either, but my friend explained to me that even with the fries, he was eating healthier than at any other comparable restaurant and that my pasta had too many calories, so I told him that I wanted to go to lunch not to a nutritionist. He shut up and I enjoyed my pasta.
  So if you want to go to a place that serves food that  makes you feel like you're eating healthy, Rachel's kitchen is the place to go!  The place is small and always busy  but I notice that you can fit more people here than at any regular McDonald's. Hmmm, maybe they are right. Maybe this food is really  good for you, everyone around here seems to be in shape...cool, another reason for me to skip the gym...I'll just go to Rachel's kitchen.
We got take out from Rachel's while visiting family in Vegas. The food was super yummy and the service was also good.

We ordered fettuccine Alfredo with mushrooms and spinach and it was terrific. We also ordered 2 salads and one has an amazing caprese basil and balsamic dressing that was to die for.

Cupcakes were pretty good too.

Try them!
Rachel's is a great place to go for a brunch  or a chill meal with no higher aspirations than making fairly simple, but delish food.  Most of the food is on the healthier side, btw. I \'ve been here a half a dozen times and always came away satisfied with my meal and the chance to sit outside on the patio.  There's pretty much always a stream of customers.
Rachel's kitchen has a wide variety of healthy food.  I work close and love to get lunch here.  The service is fantastic!  An order was mistaken and they kindly fixed the problem with no hassle.  They have a wide variety of options for everyone from meat eaters to vegans!
I stumbled upon Rachel's Kitchen after a business meeting when I needed a quick lunch. Their menu was diverse and had something for every appetitte. I was impressed with the clean cafe and open kitchen -- there was nothing to hide. When I asked what the most popular items were, the server had no trouble telling me what was well liked by their regulars.

I went with the 404 Sandwhich. This...this was just such a delightful expirience, the eating of this sandwhich. Let's start with the perfectly grilled chicken. The server reccomended I add chipotle mayo and, man, was she right! It was the perfect kick alongside the cool goat cheese and roast red peppers. 

It came with a side choice and I went with the salad, which you usually can't expect much of. It was delicious. The greens and veggies were crisp. The dressing was yummy.

And, on top of all of that, it came out quickly and beautifully!Can't wait to go back and try more items! Very impressed!
Food is OK at best.  It is not organic but priced as if it is organic.  Wanted to charge me $2 extra for a juice because I did not want carrots in it, Whole Paycheck (AKA WHOLE FOODS) does not even do this, it would have been $6.50 for a non organic juice drink, I told them to keep their juice and I will never order again from them.

Wayne Gorsek
Quite a find.  Tucked away in a non descript strip mall is this adorable little eatery filled with the freshest ingredients,  cute little tables with an outdoor patio.  I had originally tasted the catered garden pasta which was the best pesto Alfredo I've eaten but it seemed like too much for a quick lunch.  So, instead we opted for the grilled cheese and the vegetarian sandwich.  Both came on thick sour dough bread.  The cheeses were of excellent quality.  The favors a terrific blend of old home and trendy.  The smoothy we splurged for with it was as good as any anywhere.  We will definitely go back.  I only wish there was one in the northwest area of town as we would probably become regulars.  Not to miss.  But don't tell anyone.  I don't want it to get overrun.
I ordered a spinach, goat cheese and sundried tomatoe omelet. It was horrible! The cheese was not inside, but on top - cold and unmelted. The omelet was actually more of a fritatta as it was brown all over from being overcooked. I mentioned this to the employee who brought the dish to my table, but my complaint went ignored. Even after eating only one bite of the omelet - it was cold on top of everything else - no one seemed to care. After spending $13 for an omelet and glass of milk, you'd think they'd jump through hoops to make people happy given their prices. Never again. This was my second visit and I was unhappy after my first. Hoping the first visit was a fluke, I gave this restaurant a second chance. Big mistake on my part.

The employees were very friendly when I ordered, but this isn't enough to make up for the lack of concern  or care over my displeasure. The food is not good and the prices are way too high for what you get.
The food is always excellent,and service has improved since my last visit.
Great place with good food. In our neighborhood so we visit frequently
Quite a find.  Tucked away in a non descript strip mall is this adorable little eatery filled with the freshest ingredients,  cute little tables with an outdoor patio.  I had originally tasted the catered garden pasta which was the best pesto Alfredo I've eaten but it seemed like too much for a quick lunch.  So, instead we opted for the grilled cheese and the vegetarian sandwich.  Both came on thick sour dough bread.  The cheeses were of excellent quality.  The favors a terrific blend of old home and trendy.  The smoothy we splurged for with it was as good as any anywhere.  We will definitely go back.  I only wish there was one in the northwest area of town as we would probably become regulars.  Not to miss.  But don't tell anyone.  I don't want it to get overrun.
I have gone to Rachel's Kitchen a few times looking for quick healthy food.  Although I enjoy the food, the service is so terrible that I will not go back.  Today's experience was the worst.  The woman at the counter was on her cell phone while wrapping up my order.  She then placed it on the take out counter.  I gave her the benefit of the doubt and assumed is was someone's order who called in.  However, five minutes later I finally went up to ask if it was mine.  She did not apologize for her mistake and argued with me when I asked her why she didn't feel the need to apologize for keeping me waiting.
Great food. Rude customer service. Dirty eating area. Will not be back because the food is not that great to be treated rudely trying to obtain it.
Came here to have lunch with a buddy of mine. I'm not sure about the rest of the food but the pasta that I had was really good. I had the garden pasta. My buddy had something breakfasty that I can't remember what it is but he did say it was alright but nothing particularly stood out to him. 

I would recommend at least trying this place. I would probably go back but it's probably not something I would go out of my way to go for.
Rachel's has become a weekend breakfast tradition for us at the gym down the street. We all meet up there after our workout for some great food and a great place to relax and chat. Everything that I have tried has been fantastic! I have had the omelets, protein scramble, and chopped salad with tuna. The staff is very friendly and even though the prices are a little high I still love eating there every weekend! Great place!
I was struggling with how to describe this place when having lunch here for the first time with coworkers. Eventually I decided that "bistro" is the best way to classify this restaurant. A very Summerlin feeling bistro. Hopefully that makes sense for you Vegas residents. If not, then another way to put it is that it's a smaller, bougie version of Panera Bread.

The food was okay. I had the turkey club, which had smoked turkey, bacon, Swiss cheese, avocado, romaine lettuce, tomatoes and mayo served on three pieces of sourdough bread. The portion size was good. I like that I had a choice of mixed green salad, french fries, sweet potato fries or onion rings with my sandwich. Whenever sweet potato fries are an option at a restaurant, I go with that.

Food was a bit pricey. $11 plus tax for a turkey club. Because of that fact, Rachel's Kitchen probably won't join my lunch rotation. Not a bad restaurant, but nothing special.
Sure it's a nice brunch place at a decent price point, but aside from that, this place wasn't as great as it was hyped up to be.

I got a protein-infested breakfast. What I liked was that the ingredients used seemed fresh and tasted good. Aside from that, I'm really struggling to find what else makes this place stand out for me. There is no deining feature about Rachel's Kitchen aside from that it's busy quite often for reasons that are beyond me.

If a friend wanted to come back and grab something from here specifically, I wouldn't be against it. But I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it to others based on my last meal. GIVE ME SOMETHING TO RAVE OUT, RACHEL'S KITCHEN!
i really like this place , its clean and the food and drinks are fresh a def stop when in vegas
I've been to Rachel's Kitchen a couple of times but I've never had breakfast. I've been eyeballing their chocolate chip banana pancakes so that's what I finally got. 

It was pretty sweet to me so I didn't need any syrup. It came with fresh fruit which I'm allergic to honeydew and cantaloupe but that's alright. 3 pancakes for 8 bucks...was it worth it? No. It was good, but not $8 good. 

I think for what you get at Rachel's Kitchen for the cost is not worth it. I'm willing to spend  money on great food, but I've never been impressed with this place unfortunately.
Don't know what all the hype is, Rachel's isn't good.  Been there 3 times and this is my last.  They say Albacore Tuna, I don't agree and it's filled with carrots, celery and whatever else, very bland and tasteless. I also think the turkey is processed.  The prices are high for what you get.  Everyone there is Hispanic they're speaking back and forth in Spanish not paying attention to the customers and not nice.  I have never been greeted nor thanked for my business.  Too bad I work in the building next door and it sure would be convenient.  Too bad Rachel!
Great food! Busy place though, so allow for time. Well worth it! Their fresh juice is amazing.
Clean and fresh!
I usually order Signature Pasta, generous portions. I've tried their fruit order and it was ripe and fresh. Long story short, it's a great place to eat fresh and flavorful meals. I will keep coming back.
Friendly service.  Great food and juices.
Ive been to Rachel's a few times and I keep coming back. The food is pretty decent. Its american bistro style with natural based products with the option to go super healthy with all natural salads, whole wheat pasta etc. This trip I had a chicken fingers wrap (9.50) which is the best thing Ive had thus far, it had a lot of flavor and a yummy dressing. This I will also say for the first time my shoestring fries where actually hot. I think consistency needs some work.. I do come back because it is a good lunch spot
Very good food and very friendly staff.  Really enjoy the sandwiches for lunch time.  They have an outdoor patio which is nice when the weather is good.
Had lunch today at Rachel's and was completely disappointed with the cleanliness and unfriendly staff. There were dirty plates on several tables, trash and food all over the floor, and it took forever to get our food. How long does it take to make two sandwiches? At Rachel's it takes nearly 30 minutes. The staff did not greet us nor did anyone crack a smile or thank us for our business. The food was decent however it takes more than that to gain repeat customers. Sweeping the floors, washing off the tables, and having a friendly staff would make a world of difference for this place. Such a shame.
Sorry guys but BIG failure today... First of all we get there to pick up from ordering online and the guy at the front barely looks up from his list of receipts and acts like we're interrupting him.. I know this is a small busy  store but going through paperwork in an area that should be reserved to expedite orders is like a waiter counting his tips in public find somewhere else to do this.. Secondly a very long black hair in my wrap found .. And.. I'm done I don't like sharing bad reviews I really don't but I'm really disappointed
Rachel's Kitchen. Possbily my favorite cafe I have ever gone to. I bring family & friends here so much we could start our own fan club. From omlettes to sandwhiches, wraps , & pastas you can find something for everyone here. They also do fresh squeezed juices and smoothies which are amazing. My "go -to's" are always the Chicken Tender Wrap & the Signature Pasta. I love the "Incredible Hulk"  smoothie. My only con would be that you can wait for a while after placing your order. Lunch there is VERY busy. Summerlin moms roll in with their tennis partners, students playing hookie from high schools, &  me.. the fan club. Everything is made fresh to order so be patient because what you get will definitely be worth it!
We finally got to try Rachel's Kitchen one afternoon, and we were quite pleased with our first visit.

We shared a BBQ Chicken Wrap, Protein Scramble and an Islander Smoothie. The portions were pretty good size, and the sweet potato fries that came with the wrap were done to perfection. Quality ingredients, no shortcuts here.

The smoothie was very refreshing and naturally sweet...a perfect complement to our lunch. The service was awesome, and workers were very helpful with any questions we had.

Definitely returning to try other items from their MASSIVE menu!   ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(72/100) "That's A Wrap!"
Great salads and sandwiches. The tuna fish salad sandwich is the tastiest in town and the signature salad is yummy.  But I'm afraid the prices.... are well..... pricey!! Staff was friendly and upbeat! Nice place for lunch!
Cobb salad is my favorite! They are always busy thats how good their food is. What is way cool is going through their website order and pay and the pickup is quick.
love this place! one of the few restaurants in town with food that i'm not having second thoughts feeding my child. good food, good service.
I used to think Rachel's Kitchen was more like Sandy's Dining Room and would often bring out-of-towners here for a casual lunch when they asked for a little "local flavor." I've always had a pleasant experience here until recently when I brought my mom, and ended up leaving with my tail between my legs because I was so embarrassed I'd hyped it up for her and then let her down! 

My mom decided to order for us - she wanted the Ultimate Grilled Cheese with a mixed green salad, and I wanted 1/2 440 Sandwich with soup. While ordering mine, the cashier asked what side she wanted, so she said sweet potato fries. The cashier handed my mom a number and we sat at our table, chatting and waiting. And waiting. And waiting. 

Friends, couples, and colleagues came, ate, and went while we sat at our table, with my mom commenting that this was probably not a good place for a work lunch. While we sat there, one of the runners came out and told us the 440 does not come on ciabatta bread like I'd wanted, so I opted for wheat - couldn't they have told us this while we were ordering and not 10-15 minutes later? The food finally came out and instead of sweet potato fries, we had limp French fries on my plate with no soup. We called a runner to explain and he promptly brought out an extra serving of sweet potato fries without taking my plate back - kudos for not having to make us wait even longer. When we inquired about the soup, however, another employee kept asking us for our number that we no longer remembered. She was finally able to pull up our check and said that I had ordered the 1/2 sandwich with a side - I didn't even know that was an option on the menu, especially since my mom had only asked for the sweet potato fries because she'd been prompted. It was like Seinfeld's "No soup for you!" except with less yelling :( 

I'd be willing to go back again because I think the food in my other experiences had been fresh and simple without feeling overtly expensive, but Mama K probably won't be coming along because she wasn't too impressed.
I had heard nothing but good things about Rachel's Kitchen. So, when a friend suggested we grab lunch there after a hike in Red Rock Canyon, I was sold.

I never realized it was counter service, but I don't mind a bit if it's it fresh and tasty. I was hoping for quick too because I was famished. I had the turkey club, which had smoked turkey, Swiss cheese, avocado, mixed greens, tomatoes and chipotle mayo served on sourdough bread. I wasn't sure which bread to choose so I asked for a recommendation, sourdough it was. 

The bread was really weak. The other sandwich components were fresh and tasty. I wish the mayo had more kick. I really didn't taste any chipotle. Perhaps the avocado overpowered it. It was a fine sandwich, but worthy of a $12 lunch? No. The sweet potato fries on the side were crisp and delicious. The highlight really.

I have faith that Rachel's Kitchen is dishing out better options than the Smoked Turkey Sandwich so I wouldn't hesitate to return. Next time, I'll likely try a salad. Those looked wonderful.
This location is headed in a poor direction. The foods is ok. Nothing wow's me here anymore, but I haven't had anything so bad I sent it back. 
My complaint is that they have a major pest problem with the pigeons in the patio dining area. They have never bussed tables quickly here, and the birds have learned about it. Nothing grosses me out more than having these rats with wings dining at the table next to me. It ruined my breakfast this weekend, and the staff was not quick enough to fix it when it was brought to their attention. I'm sure if the Health Department was there when this happened it would have been a problem.
Clean it up Rachel's! You were better than this.
Nice atmosphere. Good food. Fair prices. I now see why a lot of my friends rave about this place.
This is another great local spot for lunch.  I love their fresh/healthy approach to their meals.  The portion size is large, but delicious.  Also great covered patio seating and cute interior decoration.
I love this place! I have never had a bad experience any of the times I've been here or the one in Green Valley. All their freshly squeezed juices are amazing, especially the watermelon, my favorite. One funny thing about this place is apparently there is a difference between a breakfast burrito and a breakfast wrap. For all you bacon lovers, get the wrap. The burrito doesn't have any kind of slaughters animal in it.
reat food and smoothies! Portions were just enough.G
my 2 star rating is mainly because of their decision to change all the cushion covers while my friend and i was eating.

the food was okay, i wouldve left a 4 star for food,

but when my friend i started eating, the employees there started to fluff the cushions and started to change the covers while we were eating right next to them :( they started to dust the floors too. my friend and i went around 2pm so it wasn't even close to closing time.

i started sneezing because of dust and i wish they wouldve set a different time for their cleaning when there arent any open food containers with customers around.
This place is so over hyped!  I've been numerous times trying to understand why I hear good things about it and it is incredibly mediocre.  Lacking in flavor and just darn uninspirational.  Plus they have odd ingredient combinations on some of their menu items.  I believe that the only reason that people go there is to show up in their work out clothes, expensive cars and pretend to be eating healthy.  Many people are fooled into believing they are organic and healthy.  They aren't organic and barely healthy.  I think it's also that Vegas outside of the strip lacks any restaurants that feel "mom and pop-ish" and they have that going for them I suppose.  I'd save your money and go somewhere else unless you just want to be seen with the "pretty people".
Service was very slow, every table was filthy and our food was cold when it was served to us. Very disappointing. They weren't even busy and it was Sunday morning. Most restaurants are packed for Sunday morning breakfast. We now know why there were so few people. Dirty tables and cold food do not make for a good experience. In addition, the staff seemed very disengaged and seemed to be "going through the motions"  They didn't seem to want to be there. We won't be back. :-(
I had the garden veggie burger which was very good. It comes with avocado which made it that much better. It doesn't come with mayo or ketchup so I had to get them on the side, other than that, I will come here again when I'm craving a good veggie burger.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!! Great service and awesome food :)
I luv chicken salad from here. Usually split it with my daughter.
If you live or work by Rachel's Kitchen you know it's a good to place for a fast healthy alternative.  Breakfast or lunch the food is fresh and delicious.  The atmosphere is simple, but it works.  The place is small in size and it's clear by the outdoor patio style tables & chairs they have indoors that they try to turn tables quickly.  Still, it is a great place to meet up with friends.  My favorites: the Wilshire smoothie, breakfast burrito, BBQ Chicken Wrap, and Tuna Salad.  If you are on this side of town looking for a place to eat, Rachel's Kitchen is great food serviced quickly.
Hey, I finally found a place to go to when I too lazy to use the juicer! They make their greens juice (Sweet Greens), the same way I do. Five and a half bucks for a large juice - I think that's reasonable for the convenience of not having to make it yourself. I rate this place 4 stars on the juices and drinks, (not to mention that the drinks here are a couple of bucks cheaper than the "other juice place" on Flamingo and 215).

We had breakfast here once. I ordered a breakfast wrap, and V ordered the breakfast burrito. Hmmm... they both looked the same to me, but the breakfast wrap costs 50 cents more. Both tasted a little on the plain side, like it needed more seasoning or something. Breakfast potatoes were nice and crispy. 

This place always seems crowded no matter what time of day I go, but the service was ok, nothing to complain about. The other plus is that it's only a 3 blocks from where I live. I'd come here again to try the other menu items.
Nothing really wrong with the food. It is a good go-to take-out eatery. Biggest complaint is cleanliness. The tables are frequently not cleaned after customers leave and the floors are often not swept. Step it up a notch and I would probably dine-in.
Cobb Salad is amazing but heck, so is everything else on the menu. 

With the recent discovery of my laundry list of food allergies Rachel's Kitchen is a sanctuary for difficult people such as myself.

I've tried this location in the past as well as the Henderson RK and both are consistently delicious.  I will say the West side spot has a one-up on friendliness of service; get it together Henderson.
Love this place!! The staff is so friendly!' The food is delicious!! We eat here at least once a week. We have also had them cater a few of our parties and besides everyone loving the food! They presented it wonderfully!!
Food is very healthy, smells like fresh cut veggies right as you walk in.  Only drawback is that the items for what you are getting is slightly expensive ( at least the breakfast items) but all in all if you are in a hurry, good place to stop, I would find somewhere else for breakfast though.
Very good.  I loved the Turkey Club sandwich.  The Incredible Hulk was somewhat misleading.  For whatever reason, we expected it to be green and not taste like peanut butter.  

But overall, the food was great and the staff was very friendly.  Can't wait to go back.
Rachel's kitchen is a little cafe in Summerlin near the I-215 on S Towncenter Dr. It is not very big at all.

The dining area has about 10 small tables maybe. There is a counter where you order your food and then the server brings it to you. They also offer seating outside. I always get the chicken sandwich and a salad. They have plenty healthy items on the menu to choose from. That's why I like this place. They have good burgers too.

If you want a healthy quick lunch, stop in here.
I first heard about this place at a health fair. I drove all the way to the SW side of town because the broccoli chopped salad is to die for...never had anything like it. Then I found out they have a Hendo location SCOOOOOORE. It's open for breakfast and lunch and always seems crowded. I don't get mad or complain about the wait - the staff is friendly and the food is definitely worth a short wait.
Granted the food is good and fresh, and I gave them a pass on service my first time in because they were busy. But now after my second time and to get a wrap and a sandwhich took 20 minutes, I'm out. I'm sorry, going out the service is just as important to me as the food. So if you like great food and you can wait then please by all means still go, but if service is important you might want to find another place.
I don't know what the hype is about this place.  I've been here a few times and each time I leave I say this is the last time I'm coming here. The only reason I've returned is because of lack of options...but this is the last time.The food is over prices and under flavored and the service is poor. The staff doesn't listen to requests but has side conversations with each other rather than paying attention to you the customer. I wouldn't recommend it...nothing special.
Agree with the reviews about service. Our order took over 20 minutes and it wasn't even busy at all. Many people who came in after us all got their orders before us. Then to add insult to injury they put the mayo on the sandwich which we had asked to be left off so we had to wait for it to be redone. The french fries were also cold when they arrived. The manager came out and apologized and comped the one sandwich but it was still an unpleasant experience. Food was just so so. Then while we are eating our sandwich outside these two really nasty looking pigeons are going to town on the food left on the tables. It was so disgusting they were on the plates and bowls I went inside to suggest they clear out the tables. After a few minutes someone came out to finally clear the tables and shooed away the pigeons which then flew right over another diners table while they were eating. Thank goodness it wasn't ours! The fellow dining patron and I both mentioned we hope they have good dishwashers!! Anyway I must leave this place as the pigeons are going after another table and I can't take it anymore. Please if you are going to have outside dining clear the plates often!
Very disappointing. Ordered two ultimate grilled cheese sandwiches to go when I went to eat my dinner, realized they had only given me one grilled cheese and one chicken salad sandwich. Problem is, I'm a vegetarian so I had to drive 20 minutes each way out of my way to get my correct dinner. That's not really what I'm complaining about, I'm really complaining that when I got to the restaurant to tell them, they never offered an apology and when they looked it up on the computer they said oh you were charged for a different sandwich. What difference does that make I want to know? I did not order that
Not my first time, but this review will be from my most recent visit. 

I got their chicken chopped broccoli salad which was just divine.  Amazing. The sauce is just so addicting. Loved it so much that I might just order it again the next time I'm there as well.

I also got the sweet potato fries, which were good but not great. They weren't very crispy and were a bit limp...

There's a good selection of healthy drink options for you to choose from. It was very hard for me to decide between a smoothie or a juice but I ended up ordering the skin cleanser juice, which was delicious and refreshing. Friend ordered the watermelon juice which I'll probably come back for...tomorrow lol...

The portions are a good size. I was very full and satisfied after my meal. 


Rachel's kitchen is great for healthy fresh delicious meals.
I recommend checking them out.
First time I went in took them 20 minutes to get me a breakfast burrito and I was the only one there..i mean come on you guys have enough people working in the back to play a baseball game...just not acceptable ticket time at all. Second time I came in she tells me that it will be about 15 minutes for my order..except this time the place was packed...uh no thanks i don't want to die of starvation...third time I ordered to go this time to avoid wait...not a great idea...evidently my order was sitting there for at least 10 minutes...in conclusion....this place is not bad..the food is good...and fresh...however the wait times are annoying and so is that stupid parking lot where every business has staked a claim to "their parking"..I have always wondered if those signs are law enforceable..in any event...annoying to the 86th power
ok so just went here again....the food came out fast and fresh but it wasnt what I ordered and since i got it to go i didnt realize it until I got home. However,this salad I got is really good...lol...oh rachels its a love hate relationship....I appreciate the follow up on my first review as it shows a desire to satisfy a customer...shows me a lot...next time try and give me what I ordered..haha...damn good salad..whats it called i wonder? :)...im gonna give you a verbal 3.5 stars for an excellent salad...if you get my order right next time ill bump you to 4 stars
I'm a fan of the food, but the service leaves a lot to be desired. 

The times that I've dined the wait for the food was always very long. I now call ahead of time and eat at home. The atmosphere isn't worth the wait. 

I order catering quite often for meetings. Maybe about once or twice a month. The only reason I keep ordering from here is because he food is always a hit! The presentation is great and food is really fresh. BUT they always leave something out. I spend over $200 each time you think they would double check the order especially if i order so often.
Breakfast burrito is great, however the rest of the menu is a bit lacking.  For a health food joint they don't offer that many healthy options.  Smoothies are good but their juice recipes really need work.  Vegaterian/ Vegas options are a joke. The service is also extremely slow, I've waited up to 30 min before for simple breakfast food with a slow steady stream of customers.  For what I ordered this made now sense.  I expected much better.
I used to love this place but then I had some 2 bad experiences. 
 The first time I got a take out and when I got home I (about 15 min later) I opened the food box and my bread was wet.  When I say wet I mean wet like soaked- ughhh.

Since I had great experience in the past, I went again and this time I got  food poisoning and spend the whole day in the bathroom-double ughh. 

I must say one great thing about them is their juices and coffees I would stay away from their food though.
first time trying this place & I had the mushroom melt cheeseburger & skin cleanser juice. I had my order to go.

The burger was good although i wish there was more mushrooms to keep the burger juicy.

The skin cleanser juice surprised me in that it tasted exactly like carrot juice unless that's what it's supposed to taste like. I enjoy fresh juice,but when it tastes like veggies, which i'm not a huge veggie eater i don't personally enjoy it.

I'll try this place out again.
Not impressed.  We waited 40 minutes to get our food.  When it finally arrived it was cold.  There was only 1 other table when we arrived.  While we there the place filled up.  It seemed like the kitchen was not prepared for a rush. Next time we will go back to Mr. Mama's.
This place was awful. My boyfriend ordered a burger that was the saltiest thing either of us had ever tasted, and extremely unseasoned. I ordered a chicken wrap that had more cucumber slices and other random ingredients rather than actual chicken. 
When I asked about the ingredients of the wrap, the staff told me that it was simply pre made and they really had no idea what it consisted of. 
Needless to say I was disappointed and will not return.
The food is delicious. I've gotten the fettuccine alfredo and the 440 sandwich and both are fantastic. The only turn off is how long they take to make anything. You have to call in and order if you want to avoid waiting 30+ minutes. I've waited 35 minutes for a sandwich before which is simply not worth it, no matter how good it tastes. Definitely call ahead and order.
We found Rachel's Kitchen through a friend.  Very nice cafe style place and quite busy at lunch time.  The salads and sandwiches are great.  They use fresh, high quality ingredients and you can tell at the first bite!  They also serve a verity of pasta dishes as well, but they are a little pricy for what you get.  $10 for a small order of Mac and Cheese.  It is very tasty, but a little overpriced.  Over all a winner, but again, a little pricy.
Good berry mania smoothie ($4.50)  Only thing bad to say about it is the ice cream headache it gives you when you drink it.
The food here is so good, this place feels wholesome, healthy and classy.. maybe the name, location, people that frequent the place, decor and ambiance (can't put my finger on it). Probably a combination of all of them. Food is consistently tastey, staff is friendly and smiley :) and it's clean/comfy. 

One down side is it is slightly higher in price for walk in ordering, another downside are the windows, so bright in the morning and hurts my (sensitive) eyes.
Usually a restaurant that expands to multiple locations losses its quality, Not here at Rachel's Kitchen. Now it's made easier to enjoy the great freshness wherever you are. I usually find myself ordering the Albacore Tuna sandwich the most, it's just that delicious, but today I got the 440 Sandwich* and I fell in love all over again. I highly recommend this place to all my friends constantly, and no one has been disappointed, and that's including my very hard to please mother :)

*grilled chicken breast, goat cheese, avocado, roasted red peppers, roasted tomatoes & romain lettuce
Came in for a quiet Sunday breakfast with the BF. Location dining room is clean and well-decorated with bright and cheerful colors, and the fresh fruit salads and parfaits on display in the refrigerated case are eye-catching and make a good healthy impulse purchase.

BF works nights and is a heavy eater in the AM, while I usually don't have an appetite at all until the afternoon. He opted for the grilled chicken sandwich from the Lighter Side section of the menu ($13) while I kept it simple with a peachberry smoothie- wish the calorie count for the smoothies was listed, too, as I found it odd they weren't listed in the Lighter Side section, but the fresh-squeezed juices were, with counts.

My smoothie came out first and was flavorful and mostly creamy, just a touch icy. Portion was good, and I liked that it came with the domed bubble lid, so that the portion was not cut short by snapping on the flat lids as they are often served elsewhere. Nothing more annoying than seeing a giant, fresh smoothie being poured from the blender, only to have a heap of it get tossed out because it doesn't fit in my cup!

BF's sandwich was next- plated with a side salad with balsamic dressing. Salad veggies were fresh and dressing tasted homemade. The sandwich though, we had mixed feelings about: it was topped with grilled veggies (eggplant and roasted peppers?), and the veggies themselves were delicious. The chicken was in two small, flat pieces and was fairly dry. While the flavor was fairly good, this simply was not a $13 value for a sandwich. What we received did not justify the price. Having seen the product, this is not something I would pay over about $8 for.

I love to support local businesses, and especially ones that offer healthy options, but it really frustrates me to see places jumping on green/healthy trend and jacking up prices an unreasonable degree when their product doesn't justify it.
I meet my best friend and colleague almost every week at Rachel's Kitchen on Hualapai.  The service is consistently gracious and attentive.  The manager is engaging and always comes by to check to see how our meal worked out.  The food is fantastic.  There was a time some years ago, when I was addicted to the freshly prepared parfaits (I would swing by on Friday and pick up enough for the weekend).  Currently, my favorite lunch choice is the Ceaser Salad.  Num, num!  This is a destination location!
I really like this place.  It's fast convenient, realtively healthy and tastes consistenly good!  The arugala salad is my favorite.  Also like the caesar wrap.  Great service and  nice atmosphere.
I liked the food and the prices. The place is cute but  small. The menu had a great selection it was just hard to find a seat with all the traffic going thru there. It was really busy and there were 8 of us so besides that it was good.
I have been meeting a friend here for breakfast every time I come to Vegas. We love the wholesome food selection and the outdoor seating on nice mornings. The food is really consistent and I have had a variety of breakfast items on the menu. The service is generally good. You order at the counter and the server brings your dish out to you. No follow up they I've ever seen. This time, my son had ordered a smoothie that we had to return to ask for and he was disappointed in his meal, the protein lover's scramble.  He felt the portion was small and that it had a very small amount of chicken and bacon in the meal. The Protein Lovers Scramble is 3 eggs scrambled with chicken, bacon and cheddar cheese. 

My friend and I each had The Favorite:  3 eggs scrambled with goat cheese, spinach, sun dried tomatoes and avocado.  We had the seasoned potatoes with it as well.  We both were happy with our plates.  I thought it had very good flavor and the portions were good for us as well. 

We checked in and got free, super large muffins as well.  I didn't try one, but the consensus was that they were delicious!

I will come back to Rachel's again. It is a bit pricey but I like the healthier options available.
One of my pet peeves is false advertising. Was looking for a lunch spot today and came across Rachel's on Yelp. They offered a free muffin with check-in and I was sold.

However, upon presenting my offer, I was told they were sold out of muffins. I asked if they could substitute one of the other items in their pastry case (or anything else) and was told no. After purchasing my lunch and upon leaving, they offered me a beverage, but at that point I was so annoyed, I left.

To be fair, the salad I ordered was fairly good and reasonably priced. Had it not been for this bad experience, I would've given them 4 stars. But customer service is equally as important as the food.
Good food, ok prices but total Yuppie-ville (Summerlin location at least, I mean what can you expect). Haha. Usually get The Favorite for Breakfast and the Curry Chicken Wrap for lunch. The Favorite is simple. I really enjoy the goat cheese, avocado and sun-dried tomato mixer, topped with some Chalula. I don't feel over fed or gross afterwards, so that's always a plus. The Chicken Curry wrap is delicious, I highly recommend.

I still need to try their smoothies. I hear they are pretty tasty. 

Oh yeah, I will say their tables with the benches do sort of suck though. The bench is built too high for those tables, making it a little uncomfortable to eat at (you've got to hunch over to get to your food) They probably should have taken that into consideration when designing the joint.
If you like your food prepared fresh and aren't into processed garbage that's served at other establishments across the valley, look no further than Rachel's Kitchen. The staff is tremendously courteous and the service is consistently good. Everyone from Debbie to Adriana have a customer first mentality and it's what brings me back every time, but yes, the food is the star of the show here. A vast selection of items are on the menu ranging from Breakfast Wraps (my favorite! Add basil, avocado, and mushrooms), to Burgers. The Turkey Club is exceptional, as well. The Smoothies are blended well (I recommend the Incredible Hulk with Whey). I've been coming here for over four years now and have never once been disappointed. Others have tried to imitate what Rachel's has perfected (ahem: Daily Kitchen...) and they don't even come close!
After I wrote my original review, they contacted me about this issue, which I really appreciate. A lot of places don't go the extra mile to make up for bad experiences, or even respond when things like this happen. So when they reached out to me, it showed they value customer feedback. Their food is great, and it's nice to know they're working to make their service equally as good.
I. Love. This. Place.

Whole, healthy and DELISH!!!

You can feel good eating here and I'm not just saying that!

Their juices are bomb at the right price too!! :D
Got the tomato soup and salad and both were good. The hubs didn't like what he got though. I felt the prices were a little high for what you get. I would definitely go back and try something else. The staff were friendly and the restaurant was very clean.
Delicious, clean, modern, eclectic, artsy.  

The Cob salad is now the best cob salad in town.  I thought Peppermill was the best, but it just got beat out!  The iced tea is also the best iced tea in Las Vegas, super refreshing, maxed out flavor.

I have one suggestion about the Turkey burgers: make them bigger.  While they taste great, full of flavor, they are just too small.  I'd need three of them to fill me up.  And offer some cheese please.

FYI: Parking at this location is difficult and you will most likely walk.  Also the location off of Las Vegas Blvd and the Odgen is extremely difficult to find parking.
I love the selection at Rachel's Kitchen. From pasta and sandwiches to salads and smoothies, this place has it all-- and it's healthy! I typically opt for the Turkey and Avocado sandwich and it's always on point. Lots of meat and the avocado is always very fresh. I also love their fresh pressed apple juice... it seriously tastes like you're drinking an apple! 

It does get busy on weekends around lunchtime but, in my opinion, it's worth the wait!
One of my favorite breakfast spots in Vegas.  Epically since I try to eat as clean as possible as often as possible. The protein lovers scramble is amazing and the fresh squeezed juices can't be beat. Pretty decent coffee too.
Nice clean place with outside seating, strong selection overall. A perfect lunchtime spot. A bit pricey but that's to be expected. Will be back.
First time here!  Fabulous food. Fresh, great taste and reasonable prices. Had the skip special, mushroom. Delicious and you can tell that's it home made. Had the pear salad. Wonderful. And the smoothies are terrific. My wife and I loved it. Food made with love.

Just saw they're also at the Las Vegas airport in gate D, terminal one. If you have time, go!
Disappointed with my Thai food the other night I decided to check out this place today since I hear so much about it. A friend told me it's vegan friendly, so why not? 

I looked at the menu board and not a single item was labeled vegan nor was there a sign stating vegan substitutions may be made. 

I asked the host if there were anything that was vegan and I'm very pleased that she had great knowledge of the menu. There's nothing more annoying than someone going back and forth asking the kitchen if they have a specific item. 
When I asked if the sweet potato fries had any dairy mixture to it, she said "no, but it's fried in the same oil as the chicken." That I really appreciated! 

I ordered the veggie wrap with the spinach tortilla. It was just okay. Nothing special and I was really disappointed in this wrap. No taste, but a black pepper kicker towards the end. It would have been nice with guacamole or salsa. 

If I fall off the vegan wagon, I'll come back to try more stuff. But for now I can live without Rachael's Kitchen.
Everyone is always so nice here, and the food is good.  Their fresh juices are ok.  I've had better but they are not bad at all.  What I really love here, though, is their gluten free bread!  When I order sandwiches at most places, the gluten free bread is hard and tastes stale, but I love coming here because whatever they're using, it's perfect.
I love Rachael's kitchen! You can't really go wrong anything you decide to order here! This is the best out of all the locations, btw. Nice environment and the taste is consistent  rather than some other locations. Today unfortunately I will say they messed up my To go order. Didn't notice until I was home and there was no going back. So I guess I'll say, check your order before you go because they won't.
A little pricey but so SO good!

I work nearby and tons of employees come here for the fresh foods. I've tried a few different things on the menu. I particularly like their salads. The reason for the four stars is because they did let me down once with the pear arugula salad. I'm a huge fan of this salad at other restaurants but the pears in the Rachel's kitchen salad were not ripe so they were hard and flavorless and overall the salad was a bit of a let down. I've gotten the Cobb and Asian salad and they were both AMAZING! 

I love their smoothies. I usually get the Acai smoothie which never disappoints but today I changed it up and got the Peachberry smoothie. YUM! Now I'm determined to try all of them. 

I tried one of their sandwiches for the first time as well and man, this is good too! I got the Rachel's chicken sandwich on ciabatta with a small salad as the side. You'd be surprised how easy it is to screw chicken salad up but Rachel's kitchen nails it! You can taste how fresh everything. REAL chicken! It makes a difference! Mmm!

The place is usually way packed and I always get food to go. They always pack it up nicely for me and the staff are always friendly there and somehow manage to keep it all together! If you are willing to spend the extra for the flavor and quality, try this place!
This restaurant has two locations. The Windmill location is located within what appears to me to be a lower-scale plaza and has a pretty unassuming appearance.  

Inside there's a kind of New Agey vibe. You'll find all kinds of books about nutrition, raw food recipes, and improving your health.  This place attracts a diverse group of people, which is part of the fun for me in coming here.  The food is the other part of the fun: great-tasting raw entrees  such as enchiladas, pizza and sushi - my three favorites.   At this location there is a salad bar, which is an excellent way to sample some raw foods in small doses if you are new to eating this way.   The juices and deserts are heavenly!

While some of the dishes are an acquired taste (and the menu is a little pricey) I greatly appreciate this establishment and will continue to eat here as often as I can.  They have a second location further north at "The Lakes Center," 2910 Lake East Drive. It is smaller and has a juice bar rather than a salad bar, and hosts raw food demonstration classes occasionally.  You should go!
I have mixed feelings about Go Raw.  I like the heathy juices and the house salad is terrific.  I am very into eating organic and from time to time will have the will power to go raw vegan for a few months.  My love of all things gastronomic doesn't hold me there for long though.

Once I called in an order for a juice to go.  When I got there they said they had no idea who I spoke to but they don't take phone orders.  They asked the employees in the back if anyone had talked to me on the phone and taken my order and they just shook there heads. They
suggested I had called a wrong number which made no sense.  Like a wrong number would take my juice order.  When I got back in my car I looked at my call log on my phone and sure enough it was their
number I had called.  

Another time I got something in my salad that wasn't susposed to be there.  It happens. 

I forgive them but I am deducting stars accordingly.  It's just a little inconsistent at times.
The makers of Rawmakery foods. I don't recommend their pre-packaged stuff. If you're raw (I was for a time), they use Braggs Amino Acids in their crackers, which is not raw and contains soy. Also, their crackers have a distinctively rancid taste and smell, as the fats in the seeds and nuts used in their products go bad quickly. Aside from their pre-made stuff, this is one of the few places in the LV that offers raw essentials: raw coconut oil, nut butters, raw olives, dehydrated fruit, etc. The restaurant fare is good, but I wasn't feeling the overpriced mock-entrees; I recommend the salads instead. The organic house salad with cilantro dressing is fantastic, and their dehydrated toasts are very good. Juices, smoothies, and the self-serve salad bar are all fresh, organic, vegan, and simple. Service is above average. Overall, a great organic vegan lunch spot for when you're in the mood to eat something living.
had dinner there - ordered the international sampler and thought it was good but i wish i just ordered one thing. i didn't love the hummus so much, but the italian (lasagna?) was quite delicious! i noticed on the smoothie/juice menu that you can add honey or bee pollen, which isn't vegan. ok ok, i'm not vegan either, but i used to be and the mixed messages bother me! :) that said, it was good and probably the healthiest option in this crazy town of all you can eat fattening buffets.
we've been patrons for over 5 years. 
i continue to support them because the pros outweigh the cons. im really happy there is at least one restaurant in vegas like this. it would be a shame if there wasn't even one place that catered to raw organic diets.. 
i do think they could train they're staff, particularly a couple of them to be more friendly. 
also a few times our veggie wraps were not completely washed free of dirt...but if you ever have a problem w/ your food they'll fix it if you ask.
It's very hard to find vegan restaurants in las vegas.

This one has great service (they'll know you by name).
And if you have special orders, they remember.

Some of the food is a little out-there, but that's to be expected.
I recommend the mushroom wrap (with extra fake cheese).
The smoothies are also great (try adding chocolate/carob chips).
NOTE: I am a major carnivore. I hate veggies and health food makes me squeamish. Keep this in mind.

I found the food here.. well kind of gross. We got 2 sampler platters and honestly all the food tasted the same! I realize maybe my palette isn't "refined" enough to tell the difference between fake lasagna and fake enchiladas, but seriously the food was all so similar and boring. Props to the people who can stand to eat this stuff all the time.. it takes some ridiculous will power.

As someone with a degree in the biological sciences I think the concept of raw food is completely unfounded and ridiculous... but I have to appreciate that there are others that disagree with me despite the overwhelming lack of true scientific evidence in their favor. Our bodies create their own enzymes, there is nothing wrong with this. There isn't an advantage to eating enzymes, and plant enzymes don't help your body perform better or even aid in human digestion.

Ok anyways, not to start a heated vegan debate here, but I can say 2 facts about eating there. 1. The food is PRICEY. Seriously we're talking $8.88 for a smoothie.. WHAT? I guess "quality" is expensive, whatever. 2. I have felt sick for the 12 hours since eating this so called food. I know it takes awhile to get used to raw food, and the first time you feel ill or something, but I don't very much enjoy feeling ill after eating "healthy" food. I don't get it. 

Advice to carnivores.. this place isn't for you (ok duh, that wasn't very helpful). If you're feeling adventurous like I was, good for you, but be warned that our stomachs aren't made to handle this "living" food and you might not be happy after eating there!
at least we have one place but, because we have one place that is a monopoly they slack.  

the one guy with the dreadlocks is one angry vegan.  Maybe cause he's miserable and hasn't had a real hot meal in years...

dude is damn right lecherous staring down women's shirt.  

anyways, the food is overpriced for not having an oven and a gas bill.

It's not bad in a pinch and but, suck the money out of you.  half the people that go in their are morbidly obese anyways. 

I do go back for the mexicali wrap cause the price is pretty reasonable on that.

how do charge so much for vegetables?

and it's not even all organic!
I took some friends here for lunch today as a 'Thanks' because I had been their houseguest for the weekend. Also, they saved my company from having to pay for a hotel room for 2 nights, so it didn't cost me directly - which wound up being super nice because it cost $60+ for lunch for three peeps. Ouch.

Inside it looks more like a bookstore, with food added in as an afterthought. We ordered from a tired looking gentleman, who was quite sweet. We sat down with our drinks, which were apparently 'naturally effervescent,' and proceeded to explode all over our table. The only thing we had to try to control the fizz were some paper napkins, which didn't impress the staff too much. Sorry - but we had to protect our laps from bubbling mango soda!

We shared the chips and salsa - which was fine. The salsa was really good and fresh, but there was only about three tablespoons of it. And the flax chips were OK, just a little thick and soy tasting.

We then got the vegetable sushi, which was quite good. A large serving of a maki-like entree, except without rice or fish. It basically tasted like a delicious mouthful of vegetables that I wouldn't have tried without some outside encouragement. I mean, I never thought I would truly enjoy raw enoki mushrooms.

My friends got the portabella wrap and beet-cheese burger. The wrap was ok - very salty marinated mushrooms and 'almond cheese' wrapped in some raw chard. The burger was slightly better - tasting very much like nutmeat and also served with a generous helping of 'cheese.' The salad that came with the burger was large and really, really good.

We did add salt and pepper to everything, though. Generously.

All in all, I would recommend this place if you want to get out of the unhealthy eating-out lifestyle. The food is more of an experience than some omnivores might be up for, so keep that in mind when planning a night out.

And don't use more than one napkin!
4 stars for the raw/vegan restaurant in Las Vegas! Agree with other yelpers finding a place like this in vegas is hard. This is definitely out of the way from the strip, but worth the drive. The food is good, not great, but if you are looking for vegan food in Vegas and cant find it anywhere else, this is a good place to come. A little on the expensive side and staff is a little rude depending on who you end up with. 

My non-V friend came here and she was satisfied with her meal. She really liked the smoothie we ordered. When in vegas, i would come back here for some V food, although there is not many other options, but it is a good one.
My first Raw Food cafe experience! Food had a lot of flavor and the portions were good.  I ordered the traditional raw Pizza and the Mango coconut toast. Tasted great, kept me full, made me feel great and gave me energy for the rest of the day! Service is friendly and laid back here.  I enjoyed browsing the books and grocery section while we waited for our meal (which didn't take long!). Beet burger was also good! Will definitely come back next time we are in town.
Food is okay - really good smoothies, but it is expensive and the employees are rude and non-personable. I don't know if they always give dirty looks for the sake of dirty looks, or if they are just PO'ed about something. Anyway, salad bar is decent, smoothies are good, everything is expensive.
After ordering their "hamburger" I was asked if I knew what raw food was, and if I realized that I was not going to be receiving a hot, bloody pile of meat on a bun. Not in those words... but it felt like that.

I got the #12 to drink (Body Cleanser), to accompany my meal... and that was nice. Too expensive at $6 for the regular (small) size, but everything you'd expect from fresh vegetable juice.

The burger was great. Filling, and fresh. The "fries" on the side were slices of avocado (yes, please) dusted with some kind of magic raw fairy powder that made me forget all about their fried and very long distant cousin the french fry.

A bottle of water for the road and a wheat grass shot came to $25. I know it's raw. I know it's fresh, but that's still a little too pricey for what I had. The presentation of the food was surprisingly artful, but the slightly inflated prices would have been much easier to stomach if the gentleman behind the counter was a little more welcoming.

While not very impressive on the inside, the menu was interesting enough for a repeat visit, and the quality of the food was high.
So grateful for Go Raw!

I like the GV location better because they do have a few cooked options when my little belly wants some warmth. Plus I am partial to GV.

From the menu - house salad | kale salad with cilantro dressing. Those are in the current rotation. I was stuck on the Beet Burger and the Mexicali Pizza for years - those are great too. The new coffee cream dessert in the fridge is one of my all time favorite desserts. It is up there with the raw mint chocolate chip ice cream I had at Pure Food and Wine in NYC.

The salad bar is small, but all I need. The fresh cut fruit (esp the pineapple is always phenomenal.)

Last, but not least drink #28 - I think it's 28??? It is the last one on the menu - the superfood (supergood) smoothie. It's $10 but a meal in itself.

In short...go there.
The food and salad bar are great, and portions are generous. I was fine with the semi-high prices given the quality and I know a lot of work goes linto preparing raw food. However, they charged me $ 5 for tea which is obscene and it left a bad taste in my mouth despite the delicious and healthy food I had eaten.
Stopped in here while I was in Vegas. This place was great. I love the cafe/nutrition shop. They offer a large selection of raw foods, books, body care, and vitamins. My friend ordered the Mediterranean Wrap and I had the salad bar. Both were tasty. The cilantro dressing from the salad bar was really good.
I FINALLY went back to Go Raw today, after literally 2 years of meaning to go...That is an insane amount of slacking.  And I'm pretty mad at myself, because my lunch was delicious!

I got the "vegi-cotti," a large entree of a manicotti-like creation with raw tortilla-type shells filled with minced veggies (cauliflower, broccoli, zucchini) and creamy and luscious cashew "ricotta" flavored with pesto.  It also came with a veggie pasta primavera (strips of zucchini plus other chopped veg) in a perfectly seasoned tomato sauce.

I tried my friend's creamy tomato soup that she went crazy over (it was damn tasty) and her house salad.  Everything was crisp and fresh, and it just felt so good to eat like this!

We both paid about $20 for our food + Fiji water, not bad considering the quality.  I'd definitely be doing myself a service by taking $20 out of my weekly booze budget and eating lunch here on the regular.

I am probably an undersalter, and this food tasted great to me, but I could see how people used to restaurant salting might find it bland.

You'll find this little nugget of healthfulness tucked away in the Smith's shopping center.  It doesn't say "Go Raw" out front, so it can be a bit confusing.  Look for the giant "veggie cafe" and "juices" signs.
So this is the year I decided I was going to be a vegetarian for the year. My quest started while I was still living in Manhattan so there was no shortage of great vegetarian and vegan places to try. Fast forward to me moving back to Vegas. Sheesh....no wonder everybody is a little chunkier here! 
I wanted really badly to love the Go Raw Cafe. It's close to home, it's on my way home from the gym and I've been digging trying different foods. Hell even the reviews on Yelp seemed good. 
My wife and I popped in today for lunch. I had the "Gimme the beet cheeseburger and fries and she had a small salad she served herself from the salad bar. The place overall is very plain and casual. Looks like a small market with a couple tables to sit and eat. Nothing special or noteworthy. My "burger" was ok and definitely different. My wife said the salad bar ingredients seemed fresh. The part that makes this place hard to visit again is those 2 items with no beverages came to $22! Now I'm all for paying a little extra for good ingredients and ambiance. I really don't think this place is worth the cost. The one employee I had contact with was very solemn and automatic. I saw they had iced mochas on the menu for $7.88 and smoothies were about the same. Really? You thought Starbucks was rough! No amount of "hip" or "fresh" or "healthy" is going to convince me that I should pay you close to $10 after tax and tip for a coffee. It's really a shame because places like this need to exist and grow but with this economy and those prices and inconvenience (no drive thru or late hours), I hardly doubt they will. Take 40% off those prices and put a smile on your face when a new customer walks in the door....then we will talk.
I am not vegan or vegetarian but do have friends who are so initially tried this restaurant with them.  I found the food to be so delicious I have been back on my own many times.  It is expensive, especially when one gets used to the cheap eats in Vegas but it is worth it for the quality.  So far I have only had their mexican sampler platter and the house salad with the cilantro dressing.  Even though I mean to try other items these have been so good I can't stop ordering them.
While I was planning a week long business trip to Vegas, I tried to find healthy vegetarian restaurants in advance and came across this restaurant.  The high prices didn't bother me because my company was paying for it, but it was the service that ruined it for me.  For starters, there were 2 or 3 ladies there who barely spoke english and it took them a while to come to the register to greet me.  So I order 1 enchilada $8.80) and a 2 oz shot of wheat grass (menu said $1.80 for 1 oz and $3 for 2 oz).  I went to pay and the lady told me to eat and pay later in case I want to buy something else.  So I eat my enchilada, drink my wheatgrass, and go up to pay and it was $16 and some change!  I asked why it was so much (not that I REALLY cared, haha) and she said $8.80 for the enchilada and $6 for 2 oz of wheatgrass.  Apparently they have "updated" prices on the wall in an inconspicuous area and the prices on the menu are no longer valid.  It made no reference to the updated prices on the menu and the sign with the wheatgrass price didn't make reference to it being an "updated" price.  After a couple of minutes back and forth and the cashier telling me that her owner wasn't there and that I needed to pay $6 for the wheatgrass.  It ended with me paying her $3 and giving her my phone number so the owner can call me if he dares to try to dispute this.  This started out as a place where I planned on eating lunch every day during this trip, and now it's a place that I have no plan on ever revisiting.  

Side note:  I went to get a smoothie at Tropical Smoothie Cafe after I left (because I didn't want to pay (have my company pay) the $8 they were asking for a smoothie, and they had 2 oz of wheatgrass for $2.75.
Great place!
Nice food and nice friendly place. They have nice selection of foods and books too.
My third time at this location. I wanted something light before getting a massage. I chose a Berry Good smoothie. Good, naturally sweet, fresh tasting. HAD to take off a star for the price. I got a regular sz(12 oz) cost me $7.44 after tax. One of my favorites, but I wouldn't pay that everyday.
I absolutely love this place.   I have been going there for years now.  They have the best Vegan food, they get so creative with their dishes and make them a lot of fun to eat!  They sell the highest quaulity supplements and vitamins.  I highly recommend this place!
I eat here almost every day. Their house salad is second to none (but get the house dressing on the side because it is a little strange and can be overpowering- I get the lemon juice, oil and herb dressing on the side and it's amazing!) and they have great granola that as far as I know is made in-house and they also sell bags of it. It's called Granola-Yumola and it rules! Their smoothies are a great starting point if you haven't tried much vegan food. And of course their salad bar is great. Be advised about their soups on the menu: make sure you ask whether they are hot or cold because the hot soups are amazing but the cold ones are a little odd even for someone as open-minded as myself. :-P happy eating!
I've been here twice the food is pretty good the atmosphere could use a little work and the employes could use a smile.
If you are into Raw food you will love it here. If you are not into Raw food you could go either way. I love the salads here and my favorite is the Kale Salad.  The last time I was there I had the "enchilada's" and I found them to be very tasty and fresh. I like the food here but it is pretty pricey. I love all of the Vegan and Raw books the store has and they have some nice products too. A very small little place in a strip mall but a great place to find some Raw choices which are few and hard between here in Las Vegas and Henderson.
This is the East side location for the Go Raw cafe.  If you saw my review for the West side, then you know this is an amazing raw cafe in Las Vegas!!!

Yes, you can still be healthy and retain your raw vegan status while in Sin city.  Just get your green juice, raw entree, raw desserts and whatever snacks you desire from flax chips to raw cookies, and you're all set to go.

No Vegas trip will be complete without my daily visits!
I went to eat here today and I thought the food was great. I love anything organic, vegetarian, or vegan so I was excited to try this place. The prices were high but it was well worth it. Everything is fresh and tastes relatively close to the real deal. We tried the enchiladas, portabella mushroom wrap, vegi-cotti, and a smart tart smoothie. All of them were excellent. The only thing that didn't make this place a 5 star destination was the service. I understand that not everyone is going to be optimistic and upbeat but you don't have to be totally depressed all the time.
I hate to write this review. Really I do. But this place made me consider never eating vegan again. I'm astonished at all the wonderful reviews.
I walked in and the woman behind the counter might have grunted a greeting or maybe she just glared at me.
The place looks like all the skanky vegetarian places that were in Santa Cruz, CA when vegetarians were always skanky hippies with questionable hygiene. I thought vegetarians had come a long ways from then. Vegan food can be exciting and palette pleasing. It doesn't have to be depressing.
It didn't smell good in Go Raw. I'm not sure if I'd say it smelled bad, but it just reminded me of the yucky hippy places of my college days.
I did the "salad bar" for $9/lb. I took small helpings of most everything.
The cilantro salad dressing was like an acid bath on my tongue. *shiver* Thankfully I hadn't put much on. But it  was like Go Raw VINEGAR!
I had some stews that didn't seem raw...and they were warm. They were okay. Nothing exceptional. Some yam dish. Some other undescribable dishes too.
I left feeling hungry and slightly grossed out. There was nothing in particular that grossed me out so I don't know why I felt so yucky.
When I eat vegan food at a place like Native Foods in Costa Mesa, CA, I leave feeling like I've filled my body with awesome. But I left Go Raw feeling like I'd just filled my body with yuck.
I wouldn't return.
OTOH, it looks like most of you are loving it, so maybe it's just me.
Meh.
I am not vegan but I like this place.
I am one of those people who has to eat meat or fish with every meal.
I am on a special diet where I need to eat lots of veggie and fish.
I was going to come here to get some good salads and then go to the 
Japanese restaurant for some sashimi.
there's salad bar and menu items.
the super food smoothing is really good and loaded with antioxidant to keep my skin look great!
at the end, I am full and satisfied so I didn't go to Japanese restaurant after.
My wife and I were new to the vegan world. We decided to stop eating meat and anything from it after finding out the insane amount of suffering the animals go through in the farms. After becoming vegans we were noticing amazing changes in both our health! I then started to research how to get the  maximum health benefits from being vegan. 

Coming to Go Raw Cafe was our first step to supreme healthy eating. Everything was delicious and fresh! Desert was amazing! We felt strange eating cheese cake that was good for us. The atmosphere was relaxing.
A bit pricey, but then when I make my own raw food meals, it costs a lot as well. Great, great food, love the purple burrito and the variety of food. Ambience needs some improvement, but the selection is great. Love this place. Always drop by when I'm in Vegas.
Most people don't come to Vegas to engage in healthy activities.  But I cannot live without my daily green juice, so I sought out Go Raw.  Be prepared to pony up some cash, because this place isn't budget friendly as previous reviewers have pointed out.    Then again, most raw food joints aren't.  There's a nice little salad bar and a great selection of juices and smoothies.  If you're looking to stick to a healthy diet and don't know where to go beyond the $5 steak dinners and all-you-eat buffets of Vegas, check this place out.  (P.S.  Check out the Whole Foods in Vegas too.  They also have a halfway decent juice bar on site)
Stopped in here the other day and had a lovely experience. I was feeling under the weather with the beginnings of a cold / funk. The kindness and care I received was second to none. While this cafe specializes in raw, I wanted some hot food and they suggested the cooked vegetable curry soup. It was a generous portion and seemed nutritionally balanced with brown rice, veggies, and legumes. Warming and delicious, just what I needed in a vegan comfort food. We all need different nutrition at times, so I really appreciated the cooked option.

I also let the waitstaff recommend a juice to boost my immune system with a little spice to help clear my head cold. The tomato-spicy one was delicious and pure, just enough cayenne heat. The flavors were really well balanced.

While the ambiance is not exactly warm and fuzzy -- it has more of a supplements store or grocery feeling -- the people are wonderful, the food is pure, and I was filled with gratitude that we have such great options for vegan and vegetarian / pure food in Las Vegas.

I think a lot of heart goes into this business! The pricing seems reasonable when you think about the volume of fresh / pure ingredients they have to source, and how food prices have been going up. Of course being mostly raw, the food is different and the textures and temperatures may not be what people expect if they are coming from the standard american diet, but I recommend giving it a try, perhaps in stages.

P.S. the kale chips in the take-home packaging are completely wonderful and delicious! Get some on your way out!
LOVE love love finding new live raw food restaurants!!
I looked at the menu and was super excited to try the smoothies.  I ordered the Coconut Durian Shake but unfortunately, they didn't have any durian on hand.  I then changed my order to the Acai Rio Bowl and for $8.88, I expected more acai berries in it.  Nope, I mainly tasted banana and quite honestly, not worth the price.  Love the idea of Go Raw Cafe, Hate the price.  

Hmm...haven't decided on whether or not I will return.  Maybe where there's a half off special...
The drawback is obviously how over-priced some portions are (& you feel like you're not really getting anything for what you're buying, but usually raw foods are like that when you buy them from a restaurant). This location is the closest to where I live, so I have been here three separate times & have to admit their food is actually very filling. A lot of their menu items are very easy to duplicate at home as well if you're on a budget, but I would say come here to try out what they got & be adventurous!

I have ordered the veggie wrap all three times, & the full order is definitely more than filling. While I wish they could provide just a *little* more house slaw to go on the side, at the same time, raw organic places usually practice their philosophy of small, fresh portions. Great selection of reading material at this location, I've found a couple useful books I've been reading since I discovered them here. I also prefer this location than the one on the west side of town because it's a lot more spacious & open (you'll know what I mean if you ever visit the two places).

This is a great place to start experimenting raw & organic foods if you're curious to know what kind of dishes & meals you can do with raw eating.
Delicious!  Tasty!  Off the strip!  All good things.  This will become a regular stop on my Vegas vacations.

Hey, how come there isn't a National Lampoon's Vegas Vacation?

Oops, almost forgot, it's PRICEY with a CAPITAL PRICEY.
I debated whether or not to write this review since it was my first raw food experience. I eat a variety of foods, and eat vegetarian meals about 4 days a week. So yes I still eat meat and, I'm healthy.  To tell me my body is a grave for the animals I eat is rude. I don't think he meant it that way and was polite but, it is still not what I want to hear the first time in your establishment. 

Prices- Vegetables are expensive so 8-10 for a plate is still high by my standards for some lettuce and sprouts and a wrap.

Presentation of food- Presentation of food was nice and well done.

Taste- I did not care for the food at all

Atmosphere- Clean nothing exceptional a few books and grocery items along the wall.

I won't be returning.
I ordered the carrot avocado soup and the "neat"loaf plate. Interesting flavors and textures. The lady working, Minnie, was very friendly and helpful. The juice we ordered wasn't very good--it was a green one with apples, ginger, and lemon. I couldn't taste the apples and it predominantly tasted of celery. 

I took home a young coconut from the fridge and it was so yummy! Best part of the meal.
i loved the mexican pizza.. though thought the prize was a bit on the high side..  food also took some time to make and deliver.. customer service was very friendly and place was clean.

i would have given four stars if not for the price and timing.. but still very tasty!
house salad and durian shake!
This place is not new, but it's the real deal.  Staff walks the walk, not just talking about healthy and organic....like some other places.  Their juice drinks are 100% SO GOOD.  It's a little more $$$ than a lot of other lunch places, but you definately get what you pay for.  They have cooking classes you can sign-up for ( I always mean to, but never do).  The pizza is not like any pizza ever...really creative with the menu too.  I love the way it smells in there too!
I love this place :-) The food is fresh, and interesting, service is fast, and I feel good after eating it. I don't eat here much since it is a little pricey for me, but worth it though. Try the burger and avocado "fries"!
Have you ever eaten something and stopped to think, "This seems really healthy... too healthy..."?

I advise only eating here if you are a hardcore vegetarian, who loves all the greens and super whole-grain stuff... you know, the stuff without taste to the non-vegetarians out there. I ordered a beet "cheese burger", and what I found was a whole lot of veggies between really hard pieces of "bread". The "fries" were not fries -- they were some type of paste. The "pizza" looked exactly like my "burger" but just missing the top slice of "bread". 

I guess it was good that I ate healthy, but I wouldn't go back again because the meal just didn't taste satisfying to a non-vegetarian. They should at least make it a bit more tasty, so that I am not too aware that I am eating a bunch of vegetables
I'll start by saying I'm neither Vegan or Vegetarian but was meeting a pescatarian friend for lunch and we were looking for a culinary adventure.

We split a house salad with the house dressing and the Mexi-Sampler plate.  My friend also had some sort of smoothie that I think had beets in it.  I ordered water - I really wanted a Diet Coke but was afraid to ask for it, lol, so I settled for water.

The salad was possibly the best salad I have ever had!  It consisted of mixed greens, tomatoes, onions, avocadoes, sprouts (I usually hate sprouts), and walnuts.  I'm not sure what was in the dressing but it was delish.

The mexi-plate was also very good.  I think my friend said a couple things were a little spicy but she's a "Gringa" so take that with a grain of salt.  She also really enjoyed her smoothie/juice thing.

I left feeling full but not lethargic - I will attribute that to eating raw and wish I had the discipline to eat that way.  However, my family would revolt at the thought!

It's a little pricey but I'm willing to pay more for good, wholesome, healthy food.

Restaurant was clean and had an assortment of books and products for sale.  Good music on the radio too.

My only complaint was that the service was kind of slow/indifferent.  The girl at the counter seemed more interested in texting than in her job.
The food was delicious, a nice combination of flavors and textures.  I had the manicotti and my husband had the "salmon."  We were both very pleased  Go into the ladies room, very nice paintings wall paintings.
The Go Raw house salad was delicious. Also had two veg juices, the #12 and the green zing. This was split amongst two of us. Both juices tasted great. I expected the large size to be larger but it wasn't too small. Glad to see a place like this doing well, offering a great selection, and tasting yum.
Im trying this new place too see if it compares to daily kitchen or greens & proteins. Well I have to say for a true vegan its paradise. But for a person who just want to eat a bit healthy its just too much.
Awesome. Their food has SO MUCH FLAVOR
I am not a vegan but i love this place. I love how the menu is fresh and healthy. I must say you must have ACQUIRED taste to enjoy this type of food,. I ordered a platter to sample a couple of items.. i wasnt use to the food but i would highly recommend this place to vegans and vegetarians. I also had their detox shake it is awesome! love it! would i go back here? YES OF COURSE! would go back for their fresh juice and their meals.. You might wanna try their organic bar they offer daily. I must warn you about pricing it is a bit pricey.. for a shake and my entree i ended up spending around $30+ i guess its the price you pay for being healthy but well worth it!
Finally tried this place and I found it very tasty. I've been experimenting with eating more raw foods so, this place has been on my radar even more. I'm not sure that any person would love this cafe but if you're a vegetarian, or interested in having a healthy meal to accent your regular SAD (standard american diet), I think you would like this place.

I arrived early and noticed they only had very small (for my liking-15 ounces) bottled waters, I walked over to Smiths to buy a large water for a fraction of what they were selling theirs (didnt even check their prices). I had my own water canteen/bottle, so just filled that up and walked back to meet my friends for lunch.

We chatted at a table and perused the menu. I order the vegi-cotti. I chose this because it came with a side of their pasta primavera so, I could try two dishes at once. Both were yummy. I ate one vegi-cotti and half the portion of pasta primavera and took the other vegi-cotti and remaining past home. It was a very generous portion but it should be given the price of $13.88.

The PP was strips of zucchini, the shape of thicker linguine. The sauce was a very tasty tomatoey sauce. The vegi-cotti was their in house Italian veggie mixture (including basil and parsley) cut very small so it was easy to eat, as it was stuffed in one of their sprouted flat breads (kinda looks like a thick darker tortilla). My recommendation, eat the entire portion at the restaurant. The leftovers, while still tasty, the sprouted bread had a crunchier or firmer consistency when newly prepared. The left overs were a bit soggier but, still tasty.

My friends (have been to Go Raw before-this one and the Sahara location) shared the Mediterranean Pizza and the Enchiladas. They said both were very good.

Food is good and fresh. Prices are high. And, I think for these prices they should have some cold tap water in pitchers with lemons or cucumber.
First, I should say that coming here made me feel like I was in a spa at a health resort without any pretentiousness whatsoever.  There is such a vibe of healthy living that is exuded here, right down to the jicama "fries".  I came on the day I was leaving and we had eaten too recently to order a meal, but I had the Gimme Greens smoothie with soy milk and kale, parsley, celery, cucumber, spinach, and collard greens.  It was one of the best smoothies I have ever had.  The owner is very nice and we chatted while I was in line. 

I will definitely be back next time I am in vegas and likely eat many meals here.
Came here a few times for lunch and enjoyed every meal that I ordered.  I love the fact that I can have a meal, in Vegas nonetheless, that I can order something to eat and not worry about feeling gross after I eat it.  Everything tastes fresh and postprandial somnolence is nowhere to be found after grubbin' on some their tasty foods.  I've only had the pizza and a shake and I have yet to try the organic food bar for lunch.  My only criticism is the price as it is expensive BUT you get what you pay for so I'd rather spend my money here than upping my LDL and Triglycerides at another Vegas fast food joint fo sho.
I've been hitting this place up once a week after yoga. I have to say, the first time I went in here some old guy who I assume is either the owner or a manager of some sort was totally rude and condescending towards me like vegans and raw foodists tend to be when they make the huge ASSumption that someone doesn't "understand" their food choices and lifestyle. Not true, mister! I contemplated never going back but ... the food was delicious, it's hard to find places like this in Vegas and I wanted to be the more evolved person. I win.

So, I love the wraps. All of them. The salad bar seems popular though I have never tried it. They also sell a lot of sprouted grain and nut chips, pizza crusts, cookies, etc. So go eat some raw food even if you're not vegan and try to avoid the smarmy, judgey dude.
This place has the biggest selection of raw vegan food. Their juices are wonderful as well, all very well juiced. The atmosphere couldn't be better!
Everything on the menu gets five stars in my opinion. 
Neat loaf & "fries" superb (trying to find a fancy word for amazing)
Liver mover super juice!

Great service on top of it and you get five stars from me!
This is not the best raw food establishment I have ever been to, but I feel so blessed to have found this hidden gem just outside of sin city. The menu, staff, and ambiance has that healthy, positive, and granola vibe I crave sometimes. Although I am a huge proponent of bacon, sometimes I feel like treating my body well.
They have an excellent selection of raw juices, smoothies, and healthy shots. They also have a great salad bar where you can make a healthy salad or steamed veggie platter. They also have a fun menu that includes wraps, enchiladas, and raw pizzas, plus incredible soups.
I had the combo dips, a juice blend, I had an E3 shot (only for the masochistic), and their carrot and avocado soup. Everything was good and the staff was really nice. Looking forward to going back asap.
After passing Go Raw Cafe for a few months while going to visit my friend (he lives very close by), we both decided to go check it out before seeing a film. I'm a vegetarian and my friend is health conscious, so we were both very excited.

The decor is laid back and comfortable. There are many tables as well as bookshelves with health, vegetarian and New Age books for sale. I didn't feel awkward wearing my Rob Zombie Dawn of the Con shirt and jeans, which may not have flown in a more posh location.

I ordered the "sushi" and my friend had some flax crackers and dip. Both were delicious and very fresh! It took a while to get the food, but considering that they make everything fresh that was to be expected.

I also had one of their desserts, a vegan brownie that I picked out from the refrigerator near the register. It was a bit dry, but very good overall!

Next time I go I will definitely try one of their many smoothies.
The best tasting healthy organic food we ever had. The staff was friendly and helpful.
It was great to find healthy satisfying food for the few days we were in Vegas. I wish they had a store by us.
Last Tuesday was my first visit to this location (I usually frequent their Summerlin location) since it's not too far from my work. The setup is different and smaller, but I like that they have a salad bar here. There were also samples of their products that you can purchase to take home; I tried the chipotle kale chips and it was very yummy! Pretty pricey though, so that may be one thing that I'll have to make at home hehe. It was really slow that morning, which was perfect since the food is made to order and I was in a hurry. I ordered one of my favorites, the lasagna (layered with zucchini, carrots, spinach, marinara, and nut cheese). It was soo good!! Absolutely LOVE IT. A friend (not a Vegan!) tried some of the lasagna and he was sold! It's so wonderful to be able to access really fantastic live, raw, organic, Vegan eats in the valley!
Go Raw House Salad is worth driving from SoCal for... and I don't even like salad!
I haven't been to Las Vegas in forever!! See my post on Friday 2/15/13 at Midas getting ready for this trip.  

ANYWAY, I thought about bringing out juicer since we juice twice daily.  I didn't bring it to Vegas cause I didn't want to look like some Hippy Vegan. That was a mistake.  My body was screaming for nutrition and my mind was looking for my juice crutch.  I started to panic, I was thinking "Okay I can just get a jamba or something" but then I went to my trusty Yelp account and started searching and found this wonderful place.

I immediately took my hungover ass to Valet and got my car and hit the road.  It was only 20mins from the Tropicana - which was awesome and clean!

I arrived to find EXACTLY what I was looking for.  Clean, fresh juice.  Not a sugary sweet fruit juice.

The prices are right. The juice was life saving and the food bar is divine. This place made me want to be the hippy vegan I was so afraid to be.

Thanks for taking care of me and wife in Las Vegas!
Great green drinks and superfood smoothies. My favorite item is their tiramisu - "Coffee Cream" raw desert. 

The gourmet flavour aspect on some of the items doesn't measure up to many of the restaurants I eaten at in LA, SF, NY or Chicago, but still, it's not half bad. Almost everything is raw and vegan, so you really can't go wrong here.

Go Raw has 2 locations. This east-side one is in a mini mall next top a Massage School! Dine and unwind!
I had Go Raw on my to do list for  years but never got around to it until recently. 

Let me start with the good the female  working the counter was very friendly and welcoming after I told her it was my first visit. She suggested juice ( Green Zing- granny smith apples, lemon, ginger) based off my bitter/tart palate I described to her. 

I ordered the green zing and the gimme the beet 'cheese" burger with a house salad. 

The juice was made rather quickly.  I was really looking forward to it. Tasted like motor oil and was "luke cold" pretty disappointing start to my first experience but no biggie. 

The beet burger came out and I really enjoy veggie burgers especially house made.  The "living bread"  it came on had the thickness and consistency of beef jerky but tasted like tree bark. The beet burger itself was only slight less disgusting.  I  came into raw very hungry so for me to say it was terrible is mostly shocking to myself. 

The house salad was the best part as it was mixed greens kale and a flax seed oil garlic dressing that was just OK and that's rounding up a bit. The salad was by far the best part of  and otherwise awful meal.  I ate the entire  meals as I was hungry. After eating I was literately turned off by the thought of more food even if I went  next door to get a slice of pizza. 

They do not refrigerate or cool  or heat items to keep with the "raw" theme. That didn't seem like a big deal to me but only added to the awful tasting tree bark flavored meal I just ate. I like the concept of "raw" and natural yet they put to go items in plastic bags, plastic cups that are not made of corn or anything sustainable or green.  They have bottled juices and vitamins in a refrigerator as you walk in but then everything tastes "luke cold" as if nothing is refrigerated that you order.

I wouldn't wish Go Raw on my worst enemy. If anyone wants a free  get juiced card with a stamp on it, it's all yours.   Skip it  and thank  me for saving your taste buds later.
Review is just for the juices.
Came here for my daily dose of green juice and this place didn't disappoint.
Freshly made just pick on the menu combo they have on the wall.
Try their wheatgrass shots for $3!! or you can have the blood transfusion (with a side of fresh coconut water)
Try this place for your juice cravings.
Food is definitely different, but it taste good. I can recommend the "burger and fries". It was nothing like I had before. The "bread" is some type of firmer thin crust. The "meat" is this beet they blended up to shreds. The burger had a ton of other yummy stuff in there too. The fries were an interesting turn. It was guacamole shaped in a string and covered in this red powder. The "ketchup" was really good, but I could not tell you what it was made from. Overall the presentation was really nice and artful. 

They have a lot of other health groceries too, like books and supplements. Service was really nice and when I came there was live music, well a guy playing a flute. Wish I had cash on me to tip him. Next time I guess. Oh and they have some nice looking desserts.
My first time here ,Had the veggie wrap but didn't realized it really wrap with veggie,haha....I actually enjoyed it!! Had their green zing juice, it was kinda expensive for the size!!! It says large only ,  but its like a medium size cup!!!! I will go back to try other stuff on the menu though!!!
I went with a friend and ordered the raw burger, which was ok. The house salad that came with the burger was AMAZING though. Best salad I have ever had. The food wasn't the problem, it was the older gentleman that works there. He came to the table to ask us how the food was, we told him it was fine. But then he tried to convince me to spray some kind of salt spray on my food to try it out.(There are bottles of this spray on all the tables) I'm not a big salt person so I said "No, thank you, it's just great the way it is." He pushed even more for me to try it. I just wanted to enjoy my food and have my conversation with my friend. After I told him very nicely that I wasn't interested in trying it, he mumbled a bunch of stuff. The only thing I made out clearly was "I guess you're going to eat your food the way YOU WANT to, that's fine." Which I found incredibly rude. There was a lady about 1 feet away waiting for a juice she ordered who saw and heard the whole thing. She gave me a "what was that about" kind of look. 

Not the best experience. I won't be returning. Which is a shame, because that sure was one delicious salad.
Disclaimer: This was my first raw food restaurant. I don't typically avoid meat.

Price: At $15 per person for lunch, it was overpriced. (3/5)

Taste: I didn't expect much here and this met my expectations. It was pretty bland. (2/5)

Service: The service was ok until the lady behind the counter laughed at someone in another group for ordering a diet soda ("lol no, we don't have soda here"). Laughing at someone who doesn't hold the same food superstitions you do and doesn't know better is bad form. (0/5)

Atmosphere: The condition of the restaurant was a bit weathered. It was no worse than a typical organic grocery store (3/5)

Overall: Overpriced, condescending, and bland - I can't recommend it.
A great mom and pop place to eat healthy & to grab a juice! Green Zing is my go to The have a pretty good selection of organic extras to incorporate into your life as well.
Went twice these past two weeks. Got the "calcyum" juice, with kale, parsley, carrot, and apple. It was pretty good and a healthy alternative to the fast food options nearby. Also, they are really fast compared to other juice bars I've visited. My only gripe is with the service. Never really that friendly or engaging. On my last visit they wouldn't let me pay with debit, I guess the machine was busted. So, I paid with cash, received no receipt, and realised after getting in my car and heading to work that they had charged me $11 for one juice, twice the actual price. Kicking myself for not speaking up when I thought it sounded high. I will probably still pop in for a juice once in a while, because at the end of the day you go for the product. It's just a shame they don't put any focus into quality customer service.
I am a big fan of Go Raw Cafe, BUT this particular location on Windmill I do not enjoy going to and that is because of the service. I do not like to mention names but this lady never makes me feel welcomed there.  I always feel I am bothering her by asking her a question about something or even if I do not ask a question and I am just ordering. The last two times I have been there it has been pretty bad and I swore to myself I will not go back for a few weeks. I like to eat at a place where the staff is happy I am there.  
What I do love about this location is the salad bar.  They always have amazing stir fried veggies and brown rice.  I get a scoop every time!  
Its pretty pricey here so expect to pay over $10 for anything you order.
I will start off by mentioning that I am practically a carnivore - I don't tend to eat a lot of vegetables and it is hard to imagine a meal without meat. However, I love the idea of trying to eat healthier foods and wanted to check this place out. I was blown away by how good it was!!

I ordered the veggie wrap, which had avocado, sprouts, cucumber, tomatoes, carrots, and a nut paste in a kale wrap. I have no idea what was in the nut paste (it seemed like it was mixed with a dressing), but it was delicious. Tip: order the half rather than the full! The full came with four huge wraps, and after a juice and the guacamole appetizer, even finishing two of them was a stretch. However, I took the rest home to my husband, who is even more of a meat-eater, and he couldn't believe how good it was either. The only downside is that it seems a bit expensive for vegetables - our meal was $53 for two people. But it was delicious enough to be worth it.

I wouldn't go back to this location, as it is all the way on the other side of town. But I would definitely give their Summerlin location a try!
Great selection of raw, organic vegan cuisine. I eat here at least 3 times a week. The " burger" is my favorite. Veggie-cotti, mexi-wrap, and all the pizzas are tasty as well.
I'm here a lot. Why? They have fresh vegetable and fruit juices for a reasonable price. 

While I focus on juices, they also have smoothies and prepared dishes. This is a raw food focused establishment (hence the title). They offer steamed vegetables in the hot bar along with soups and brown rice, but I believe those are the only selections that are cooked at Go Raw Cafe.  Don't discount them if you are a carnivore. This is simply a place to come and get healthy, whole foods. No matter what food plan you are following, we can all agree that getting more raw vegetables in our diet is a good thing. Come and try out the salad bar and grab a raw food cookbook. On Saturdays and some Sundays there is a jazz flutist. You read the right, a jazz flutists. His beautiful music just adds to the ambiance of the place.

Interested in finding a place to practice yoga, learn how to do a proper kettlebell swing, meditate at dawn? Check out the community board and you will find at least two notices that appeal to your particular healthy interests. 

I've read a few reviews where people were put off by poor customer service. I won't defend that and I have to admit I have witnessed it on one occasion. But the 100 other times I have been there, I have seen kind and helpful employees assisting patrons. The owner is always busy but totally interested in helping any customer who asks find a book, or understand the benefits of a plant-based diet. He is passionate about the raw food message and it shows in the energy he invests in this business.

I appreciate the food offerings and the message of this place.
Ask for Mini she rocks!!!
It was our first time at a raw vegan joint.
We have totally gone off the meat since we watched "forks over knives" a movie that blows your meaty mind!
Go Raw is a fresh choice and a store/library all rolled into one. Get the mexi sampler or the purple burrito.
It's awesomelicious!!! Live to Eat people!!!
Salads are great and half size is huge.
Soooooo good! This place has tons of delicious raw organic choices. 
Thank you yelpers for helping me find this place. so thankful!
Try the sampler platters, make your own salad, order the raw lasagna, have fun, Enjoy.
Thanks Rod.
Thank heavens for this place!  Trying to get into a healthier lifestyle and go raw has been a life saver to that end.  They make veggies delicious and it's never been my thing, so that's a mouthful coming from me!  Great staff there too, wish u all the best, see u soon!
You have got to love this place. It's the only cafe thats truly raw and organic on the eastside. They also have another location on the westside by the lakes. I buy all my supplements here and super foods such as the most amazing goji berries and other Go Raw products. 

The green zing is my favorite juice and I usually ask that they take out the apples for my personal preference. 

If you love smoothies get the superfood smoothie in a bowl with granola. To die for. I would get it every time I went.  They soak their nuts (for optimal digestion) so it's truly made with care. Such a treat. Oh and if your really looking to indulge I recommend the cookies and cream which is coconut and cacao blended. Yumm. 

In regards to the raw wraps my favorite is the portobello mushroom wrap. Spot on. 

If your looking to elevate your health and gain energy, Go Raw is the way to go and you can learn so much from this place. They also have a huge book collection including recipe books, books focused on certain ailments and other cool topics. I probably bought most of the books from there. 

Good luck on your health journey and I hope you love this place as much as I do !!!
I went in and grabbed a bunch of their raw snacks and two raw desserts. I also ordered a juice. Super expensive, from the juice being eight dollars to the snacks going from a six dollar cookie to a thirteen dollar small bag of crackers. 
Now, I love the concept of Vegan and raw, yet for the price, I would like to enjoy the food and not taste cardboard. The desserts were horrible and the other snacks were extremely bland. The juice was WAY too thick. 
Basically, a rip off. No one should have to pay this much to eat tasteless food for health.
This place is my favorite for a healthy option in Vegas. Try the kale salad or the Italian plate.
I like to come here when I feel like I have to detox.  Expect nothing but fresh, unprocessed food here.  It really is "go raw".  I don't often come here, but when I do, I get a juice and something off the food menu.  I tried the "burger" today and I have to say, it wasn't so bad.  I felt good eating it, not guilty.  The saying eat to live is very true here.  I can't recall what juice I had, but I know it was under the super juice menu.  Liver detox or something like that.  Any how, give it a try.  But just expect to spend a lot, it's pricey.
If there was a chain of this place so many people would be vegan :) On our short trip to Vegas we came here twice. Got the Italian sampler and the Mexican sampler. Everything was scrumptious!  Even my taco bell loving husband couldn't deny how fresh and flavorful everything was. We got to try 4 or 5 things in Each of the sampler platters. The desserts were bomb too! Before we got back on the plane we took food and a bunch of the crackers, tortillas and chips with us. I don't like the gluttony of buffets on the strip but I'll look forward to coming back here next time I'm in town! Or better yet, make this chain PLEASE!
A little pricey but I enjoy the selection of healthy foods and supplements. I even got tea from here when my wife wasn't feeling well that helped a bit. Salad bar is nice, always we'll kept with fresh food, eating area is always clean, nice laid back atmosphere. I have already become a regular.
Man, if you juice, this is the place for you!

I made a special stop on our way to Pasadena to get my Beet, Ginger, Apple juice.  I went 4 days without one since leaving Cincy.

I have been here several times, and each time was great.  They do have a frequent juice card you can get stamped, but I only come maybe, if I am lucky once a year.

If you are the raw, vegan, juicing type, stop in and pay them a visit.  You won't be disappointed, that's for sure!  If I ever more to Vegas, I will become a regular, you can BET on that! lol
Go raw cafe is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!  I love both locations too- eastern had a salad bar that is amazing!  And the lakes has gorgeous scenery!  Both locations have the most personable staff and they are so knowledgable and helpful!   Get the hummus it's hands down my favorite of all time.  The kale and Mediterranean salads are great and the wraps are my favorite!! The mexi wrap is heaven in your mouth!  

I love go raw cafe!
I am a vegetarian and eat a lot of vegan food.  I've never been a "fan" of the raw food movement, because it's never been tasty (or overly appealing).  Go Raw Cafe will change your mind.  My husband (the pickiest of eaters and I can safely say a vegetarian junk foodie) and I both LOVED the food here, we were just shocked that it was all raw.

Try the Mexican sampler plate or the International Sampler plate to get an idea of what you like.  Of course, you could go to the salad bar, but it's just salad.  Let them cook.. erm, prepare for you!  The chili was also just amazing, full of beans and almost a curry finish.

The gentleman working the cash register was incredibly nice and helpful.  There are a bunch of cookbooks to check out while waiting (I ended up buying two, I'm a believer!) and of course, some pretty tasty desserts.
Excellent vegan food very creative!  It is a little expensive but well worth it! I'm vegetarian and once was vegan. Planning to try vegan once again and this is the best place to go out to eat for that-No worries of any meat or dairy products and anything.
This place wasn't for me. Had the mexiwrap, zucchini pasta and Acai bowl. The Mexican wrap was my favorite amongst the other dishes, however when I got home I started feeling sick and ended up throwing up. Not coming back.
Stumbled in here and had to try it.. The food was amazing things I didn't expect.. The guy was very helpful in helping find something I would like. Best part to me is the variety of books u can read and even purchase while u wait for your food and eat
I've been looking for a place to get an acai bowl in Vegas for a long time. Finally came to try Go Raw Cafe and had the worst visit. The cashier was rude, and when I asked for honey on top of the acai bowl instead of bananas she didn't tell me anything about a $3 add on charge for the honey. My total came out to over $11.00 for an acai bowl.. so I thought that this was going to be an extravagant, large, amazing one. It came out in a plastic cup smaller than 16 ounces. I could not believe the $11 thing that was in front of me. After taking my first bite out of it, I hated it. The granola was disgusting, hard, and had plenty of random unwanted nuts/raisins in it. Do you know how to top an acai bowl? 

Awful, awful, acai bowl. Awful staff. Awful experience. Overpriced.
Delicious options with a full juice bar, smoothie bar, and salad bar. They also offer a menu of options. All organic, and vegan. Thy offer a bookcase of informative reads as well as all essential oils and vitamins. We need more places like this everywhere! Man at the register with a grey pony tail was amazing and sweet. Great customer service.
I go here every once in a while on a Sunday when I work an extra day in Henderson.. usually just picking up a Kookies and Kream, or a Veggie Wrap to go. Those are my go-to items other than the Body Cleanser Juice (so yum!). The food is always fresh and smells/ looks wonderful. But I felt I should write this review after my visit yesterday. I ordered the House Salad. Yea, you can get a salad anywhere... but this salad was AMAZING. And the woman behind the counter promised me "The Best Dressing Ever" - well, she didn't lie. The dressing was fabulous too! 

My only 'eh' about this place is re: a man that works there who WAS nice at first but then got a little crabby with me and said something like "you better not be lying to me" when I mentioned that I never knew about the juice card and that I didn't get a punch on the card/ a card at all the last couple times I had gone in. HE gave me an extra stamp on the card willingly. I didn't ask him to. I wasn't at all rude when I mentioned that I never knew about the card previously. So it was a little off putting that he made that comment... over a juice card stamp of all things.
The food was good but not good by LA or New York raw-vegan-food standards. 

Pretty quick service. Good place to go for lunch or a snack.

Great selection of raw & vegan supplements, snacks, and books.

Really enjoyed my coconut-durian smoothie, although I'm aware most people can't stand durian =)

My rotti-something dish (can't recall the exact name) was good but not great. I would definitely like to try the other dishes.
Deliciousness, nutritiousness, and and abundance of yummy goodness. My favorite item on the menu is the spicy veggie juice. Every time I get it I instantly feel better. I also really love the super smoothies with either the fruit or granola. Everything at Go Raw is delightful and fresh and organic. Try it. You will feel so much healthier!! Well, what are you waiting for??? GO!!!
This place is a godsend. It's a nice break from The Strip and the chaos. 
Treat your body right with some good food!

The Green Zing was very popular, but I opted for the Sweet Greens (I believe that is what it was called). Juice was refreshing and definitely hit the spot. 

I decided to get the mexi-wrap as I heard so many good things about it. The pictures don't really do it justice and I was surprised at the size of the portion. The half portion was big and satisfying, especially eating it with my juice!

They have a salad bar that cost $8.88 lb. and offer other goodies. 

...Vegas, in the land of the 'all you can eat buffets', this place was refreshing and proves that quality is better than quantity.
This place is ok.  Like another reviewer said not great by L.A. standards.  The service is also below par
disclaimer to start: I have been to quite a few raw/live restaurants. (wooohoo!) And DEF a ton of vegan ones. As that is my lifestyle. Not to mention the fact that as a part of my business, people pay me to create healthy recipes. Not only for people personally, but cookbooks, blogs, etc...including raw.   I have  even taught people how they can prepare delicious raw & vegan food at home in a class format.

On that note:
We were excited to check this place out and taste another fun take on raw amazingness.  And sadly, from the moment the cashier opened her mouth the tone was set, it seemed. She was flippant & rude... especially when we asked to get almond "cheese" on 1 side of the "pizza".  The man and I both wanted to try and I am not a fan of nut cheeses. (or fake cheeses in general... or fake meat. For me... it freaks me out that something is not being what it truly is. I could prob say that's how I feel about fake people too! haha!)  That brings me perfectly into my biggest point...

Technically "raw" is anything under 119 degrees... SO, you could potentially  have warmed items that still maintain the delicious nutrients that all raw food offers. AND--- our fav places in LA do this.  For example... the biscuits and gravy do not come out ice cold. Same as their pizza. 

The pizza was ice cold. And apparently every thing they serve is that temp. Or room temp. That really turned me off. I really don't know any time I would say... ohhh, I am totally craving a cold enchilada. I spoke with what seemed to be the owner to ask a few questions and of course... he was offended and will prob reply to this post. But alas... I am hoping it causes him to re-evaluate the temp? the service? As I know it is probably super easy to not have any worry regarding temperature.  The Buckwheat bread it came on was great! BUT--- we could've driven to whole foods and bought the same bread ourselves and assembled our cold dish at home. (especially with the price point so high)

The menu also said it came with "walnut sausage". Throwing small pieces of walnut on a cold piece of bread does not a sausage make. Another one of our fav places at home has an incredible walnut sausage... that is a delectable mix and packed with flavor... not just the walnut.

Which brings me to ANOTHER item on the menu they call "fries".... we were like... cool! Let's see the fun spin on "fries" done raw. Come to find out these are merely avocado slices. Just. Avocado. I LOVE avocado. If you say it's avocado. But don't tell me it's fries.

SO---  in a nutshell---
the flavors were actually quite good. 
BUT--- I could buy at the store and assemble at home. (was hoping they built more ingredients in house, especially with the price) 
Don't tell me things are NOT what they actually are. "walnut sausage pizza" is not cold store-bought bread with nuts on top. Fries are NOT avocado. And please make a disclaimer somewhere.... ANY where on the menu that says all of our food is served cold or at room temperature. (I know its a RAW place... but I know RAW... and it doesn't have to always be cold or room temp.)  then, we would know what to expect and probably really truly enjoy our experience. 

Also--- a little kindness and maybe a crack of a smile goes a real long way.
2 words: HIDDEN GEM!!!!! As a vegetarian I find it hard to eat in las Vegas' restaurants except... Here!!! The service is fast and very nice and the food.... The Mediterranean salad is just amazing! 
Don't forget to grab a fresh juice! 
Definitely a place to remember!!!!
I went here excited to try one of the smoothies today. I decided I wanted to get a super smoothie, so I chose the tropical smoothie with the fruit stew on top. 

The lady rang me up for 2 smoothies instead of one, I had ordered some food as well so I didn't realize how off the price was until I asked for the receipt. When I asked the woman at the register to correct the order she started raising her voice and said that I had in fact order this extra smoothie. I told her this was my first time at the cafe and maybe I didn't understand the way to order but I am positive I never ordered the #28. She began to show me what she had wrote down and shows me the menu in a way to I guess try to "prove me wrong" instead of just correcting the order and giving me back the extra $ I had paid. 

At this point she was so extremely rude and would not get a manager for me, that I just wanted my whole order canceled. She told me I couldn't have my money back because they had already started making the food. Once I explained to her that I work with customers every day in my career and would never talk down to any of my clients like that, she finally gave me my money back.

I'm disappointed that I couldn't try the food and smoothie because I am positive I would have been back considering that I am in this area quite often. I will NOT be back ever.
Lunch: Weekday

As part of my yearly Lent (Latin: Quadragesima - English: Fortieth) I like to give up meat for the 40 days of fasting. Las Vegas does not have many places that cater to the flexitarian or no-meat eaters. So it was some what difficult to find a place.

The place I went to, was GO RAW CAFE. I was craving a beet juice due to all the  sun exposure from all the bike riding around Hoover Dam. I felt a tinging from perhaps the onset of a sun blister. Beet juice for sun blister is the way to go since beetroot has lots of the amino acid, lysine. 


The place is not the best, and not the worst. It had what I was looking for..raw juice. They were limited on the vegetables and fruits they carry. Guess I'm spoiled with the juice places found in Los Angeles (Pico-Union neighborhood), and Bedford Stuyvesant, Bushwick (Mr. Kiwis)  In addition, they sell books on juicing and other supplements.
The best! Salmon Sushi, traditional Pizza, so delicious and the presentation was outstanding. 1st time here and I definitely found my favorite vegan cafe in Henderson.
This place to me was alright. The food LOOK so amazing & tasty, but when it comes to tasting it was alright FOR ME. I'm not a vegan/vegetarian, maybe that's why it wasn't the best to me. Their curry crackers almost made me puke. They tasted like dog treats and looked like dog treats. I ordered a sampler that had different varieties of food. Some of them had herbs, and after eating it a while it made me feel weird. My body is probably not used to it. Who knows! The place is pricy, and the outlook is decent. I love how they have books. I'm a book person. AND OH! Their customer sucks. The lady is just rude. You could tell she hates her job.
I love Go Raw Cafe!  There aren't very many raw restaurants in Las Vegas and this one just so happens to be located around the corner from my office.  From green juice to smoothies and the creamy carrot & avocado soup...the food is perfecto!  I frequently order the "half"(due to the hearty portion) kale salad and the coffee & cream raw cake...it's better than the original tiramisu.  Go now!
The food will pleasantly surprise any food eater (not just for veggie-heads). The service was fast at lunch and dinner. The presentation is beautiful. The dishes are so amazingly delicious that I am truly grateful this place exists and I was able to visit! After eating I felt happy, healthy, energized and light. Best of all it had me satisfied and feeling wonderfully plant-strong. I strongly encourage you to give this place a try... you will not regret it!!
Between Starbucks and Subway sits something natural and organic to eat and drink. The owner Sasha couldn't be nicer and more friendly. She is very knowledgeable about fruits, veggies, and other health related topics. I asked for something wheat and dairy free and she whipped up a special veggie drink for me that had some bite (ginger), some sweet (carrots), and some healthy greens (Kale, cucumber, etc). I highly recommend 24Carrots. All the drinks I've had and even the vegan chili she made one day are great.
24 carrots is definitely the REAL deal when it comes to fresh and healthy. Strawberry fields forever is the greatest smoothie on the planet, Jamba juice and one stop nutrition cant come close to the wholesome goodness of a tasty real fruit smoothie. 5star taste 5 star customer service. Try It! Love it!
Sasha and 24 Carrots are fantastic! The best smoothies anywhere, and without all the junk and fillers you find elsewhere. "Mango Overboard" is simply the most delicious drink I've ever had.

Great breakfast and lunch options, both vegan and vegetarian. All incredibly good, and at prices that belie the quality of the ingredients and care in preparation.

It pains me to see folks walking past 24 Carrots to patronize the subway next door, especially since I know a percentage of these folks are doing so because they perceive it to be a "healthy" choice. STOP THE MADNESS! STOP AT 24 CARROTS!!!
If you are vegetarian, vegan or have food allergies and want a place that will work with you......THIS IS IT! Sasha is so nice and very knowledgable. Delicious smoothies and yummy food. They are even child friendly! We stop in whenever we can!
I highly reccomend this place. The food/drinks are so pure. You leave here feeling good about yourself and what you've put into your body. I have a gluten allergy and am vegan on top of it so finding places that I can eat at is a challenge and finding places that are friendly as well as accomidating is even harder...Sasha, the owner is genuinly interested in your diatary needs and will adjust accordingly and is happy to do it. From changing an ingredient to baking completely custom granola she has been wonderful in making me feel comfortable that my needs are met. ...and on top of that the food/drinks are delicious!!!!! I can't get enough of this place! Everything I've had has been amazing...but I highly reccomend the apple ginger juice and any of the soups. Wonderful place!
Ring Ring....

"Good Morning, 24 Carrots, This is Sasha... how can I help you?"

Me: "What is your soup today?"

Sasha: "Well, I haven't made it yet; what sounds good to you?"

WHAT! A business owner actually asking her customers what THEY want??? Incredible! What is even more incredible is that Sasha put up with my continuing barrage of questions, emailed me the most updated menu, and allowed me to order through email since 11 of us at the office wanted to give 24 Carrots a try.

Sasha did an amazing job of meeting our needs, and even labeled each of the to-go boxes and smoothies with our names! 

The greens and beans soup was OUT OF THIS WORLD, and I fell in LOVE with the "Triple Threat Acai" smoothie... so much so that I got it again the second day! I also got to try the black bean burger on a bed of greens and the masala burger. I really love that you get either baby carrots or corn chips with your sandwich!

Everything is from local farmers markets and cooked to order. You can taste the quality in the food. I also really love that everything is pretty much vegan, and any cheese is added on after the fact.

In addition to the black bean and masala burgers, the pita pizza's were also a really huge hit with my co-workers.

A+++ all around!!
Since my original review I have also had the Mediterannean Bean Salad (which is SO FREAKING GOOD), the mashed potato soup, and we tried some raw items on a Friday. The cookies were divine, the almond milk drink Sasha makes is incredibly creamy and delicious, and the peanut spring rolls are very fresh and flavorful. I was not the biggest fan of the "porcini scallops" but I don't like mushrooms... other members of the group enjoyed them! 

The actual restaurant is really cute and cozy, and I love the sayings written all over the walls.
I was on my way to Starbucks next door but this place caught my eye and decided to take a look - boy I'm glad I did.

- I recommend wholeheartedly the Pitta Pizzas and the Pomme Zinger Juice (freshly squeezed apple juice and ginger).

- It's got free wifi so I spent the afternoon working there and got to know Sasha (the owner) - she's lovely!

- Don't expect Subway-style fast service. The food and the juices are made from scratch and this takes time (give me good food over fast food any day though).

I'm now a regular and I plan on going through everything on the menu.
I'm not a vegan, nor do I ever eat healthy, but there is something very charming about 24 Carrots.

A lot of people think that eating healthy means sacrificing good flavor, but that is not the case with 24 Carrots. I'm a HUGE fan of the lemonade, and the variety of muffins that are available.

24C has free wi-fi which makes studying/working there palatable.

Highly recommended.
My husband and I love this place...the owner is very friendly, always chats with you and is always in a good mood.  The changing menu and specials are awesome. Great food and friendly people.  Nice place to hang out too if you just want to get on the wifi and surf with your smoothie.
I have been obsessed with this place ever since they donated some items to a charity bake sale several weeks ago. The owner and folks that work there are great people. The food is great! I have yet to have something I don't love. Their salads made as wraps with hummus are great and there is something for me as a vegan and for my omnivorous husband. Their tortilla soup and lentil/kale soup are delicoius and every time I go in it smells like their delicious granola. I can't recommend them highly enough!
In order to get a full scope of what Sasha has to offer, you need to pop in to 24 Carrots at least 3 or 4 times because there are so  many amazing things to try, you cannot get it all in a visit!

Here are some of the major highlights: 

1. Every day they make a homemade soup from scratch, and every single day it is amazing. The mashed potato, split pea, tomato basil, tortilla, and beans and greens are all DELICIOUS!

2. The hummus is like out of this world good. It has an airy, fluffy quality to it and they will give you extra veggies instead of pita if you can't eat gluten.

3. Sasha takes emailed orders,  updates her specials on the FaceBook page daily, and regularly interacts with her customers online. 

4. The Food: Mediterranean Bean Salad, Chipotle Tofu Scrambler Tacos, Summer Fruit Crumbler, GF Pasta Salad, Veggie Marsala Burgers w/ Jalapeno Cilantro Pesto ... I could go on, and on, and on....


I'm so stoked that she listens to her customers and is extending hours, adding new menu items (BLT!!!), and considering doing delivery! 

Whether you are vegetarian, vegan, laden with food allergies, or a regular Joe schmo.... there is something delicious waiting for you at 24C!
The service was well meaning but odd. I add for a knofe to cut my veggie burger in half and they took away my burger with a bite out of it to the kitchen to cut for me. It came back only cut thru the top bun and burger but not the bottom bun (?)

Ok but the burger was naasty, I like spicy and hot but this was so hot it was inedible and the texture of the black bean burger was not good either. like mush, not crisped on the outside but like a pile of mashed beans on a bun.
I would not return.
I had no idea! This was amazing cannot wait to get back and eat something else freshly made by someone who has my kind of philosophy on food  YES! It is well worth the wait for the "lunch of the week" (as i only get to eat out once per week) This time i had the eggless salad sandwhich with facon bacon, l&t, and siracha. Yuuuuuummmmmae!!!!
Yummy, healthy, locally-grown and organic food for a reasonable price and with a friendly owner who obviously cares about your eating experience.  This is the kind of business I feel an obligation to support; businesses like these are rare in AZ.  Check it out!  The Vegan Pita Pizza is delicious!
If you want to go somewhere that you will be welcomed like family, remembered as a friend and valued as a customer then 24 Carrots should be your next stop.

The Cafe is cozy and comfortable, I feel like I'm going over to a good friends house every time I stop by. 
You can sit and relax and share wonderful conversations, ideas and recipes with Sasha. If there is anything she can do for you she probably will, Sasha has the sweetest kindest spirit and it really reflects into her food. 

There couldn't be more love and passion put into her food if your grandmother made it. 

I've simply Loved everything I've ever ordered here. The menu has some solid choices but for me the magic lies in the daily specials. 
Everyday Sasha creates something new and exciting to tantalize your taste buds using fresh locally grown organic produce. 

You can follow 24 Carrots on twitter and facebook to hear what she's cooking up next.
I love any place that promotes healthy eating and this place is no exception. Their juices are delicious and the food is awesome for vegan style food. I have tried the kale rolls which are filled with some sweet almond paste and cabbage and carrots. Really excellent. I have also had the vegan tacos, but they were out of the usual "meat" so they substituted black bean burger and it was still great. Really great sauces they make here. The place is very homey and has a nice laid back feel and the owner, I think, is very nice and personable. The reason I cannot give it 5 stars is because the service was extremely slow. I do understand they were having problems the last time, but it was also slow the time before. It takes about 15 minutes to get a juice and it took about an hour for our food which came out in pieces. I unfortunately did not get my food until everyone was done eating theirs and my stepdad did not get his iced tea (no ice in it, by the way) until all of us were done eating. He was parched to say the least. I had to take mine to go and was pretty sad about it. I do completely understand the place was having problems, but taking an hour for an iced tea is kind of unacceptable and I think it is much appreciated if everyone gets their food at the same time so we can eat together. Please take my constructive criticism well and hear me out. I want to give this place 5 stars next time!
Thanks.
What a great local joint! 24 Carrots is exactly the sort of business Chandler residents need to support. My first long overdue visit was extremely satisfying. The owner Sahsa was extremely helpful and gave us a little insight into how 24 Carrots became what is it to day. You can tell she is really passionate about the food and drink she dishes out to her guests. 

My girlfriend and I went in for lunch this past Saturday and were able to get an extremely satisfying meal for a fair price. We tried the French toast (which was a special) that had kiwi, pomegranate seeds, cashew cream and real maple syrup on it. All 100% vegan and 100% percent. We also tried the eggs benedict which came with homemade vegan bacon, avocado, vegan egg (it even had a "yolk" and aioli. Definitely a stunner. 

Our Peachy Keen smoothie was also a healthy and delicious way to start off our meal. 

For the price, the portion size, the quality, the friendliness and atmosphere I give 24 Carrots a 5 out of 5 and look forward to coming here again be it for breakfast, lunch or just to grab a fresh juice.
Oh I wanted to love 24 carrots... unfortunately my first visit was little underwhelming.  It may be because I hyped it up so much that when the food was just mediocre I was shocked.  For lunch I ordered the tofu and mushroom burger with Vegan bacon, and a cup of miso soup. Almost $12 deep for lunch, I was expecting heaven in my mouth... more like a crumbly mess at my desk.  The burger had good flavor, but it was a little dry and would not hold its form. There was some sort of vegan mayonnaise spread on top, but it still needed some kind of sauce... bbq or ketchup, anything! It was such a mess that I decide to skip the bun and eat with a fork and knife.  The vegan bacon on top was very good, although it didn't remind me of  bacon flavor (though my frame of reference may be off since it's been almost 20 years since I've had real bacon!).   The soup definitely earned a solid 4 stars, it was very hearty and had a lot of veggies for a miso soup.  Inside the restaurant was a little scandalous, similar to a coffee shop I might frequent in college.  Given it's in a newer location I was expecting a cleaner, more modern interior.  I'm so torn on my rating, because I feel like I should love 24 carrots because the menu has my name written all over it!  I'll be back, I have to... I want to give if 4 or 5 stars!
I honestly felt healthier the moment I walked in the door, so after giving myself a little mental pat on the back, I scanned the menu :)

I was there for a quick to-go lunch & their menu was very detailed, the smoothie menu alone was long enough to publish as a short story, lol. All of it great information, so I plan on going back on a weekend. I went for a simple Strawberry fields smoothie. It was HEAVENLY. Thick, creamy & you could taste the agave honey :D

I also asked for Hummus. It was very good. You could taste the lemon & garlic :) It came with cucumber slices, baby carrots, pita bread & celery sticks. It was all packaged in a to go brown box. I was worried that on my drive the hummus would somehow leak from the box because it was scooped straight into the box, no liner. All of my worrying was for not! I'm not sure what that box was made of, but it was beyond sturdy :) No stains or leaks in my car OR on my desk at work :)

I hear they make their own Chai & I can't wait to go back for another visit!
My only complaint would have to be that there was only 1 person working & I had a bit of a wait. When I was on my way out another employee came in, so maybe it's because I was there at 11 am?
I've been to 24 Carrots twice now.  The first time was a slow Monday afternoon in mid-December.  The place is cute and very welcoming.  I like that you can sit at a table or at the couch.  They were out of carrot cake, so we bought a carrot muffin instead.  It tasted good but was a bit on the dry side.  We ordered two smoothies: strawberry fields forever and orange dreamsicle.  Straberry fields was yummy, but the orange dreamsicle tasted like a bland berry smoothie (where was the orange?).

Our last visit was this past weekend.  We ordered the hummus plate.  The hummus was good (though I wouldn't call it "SUPER addictive"), the pita was fresh, and veggies were crisp and tasty.  We tried to get a pumpkin pie smoothie, but they were out of pumpkin.  Then we ordered the chocolate pie and were told they were out of vegan yogurt.  We said that was fine, could they add some peanut butter?  Sure.  It came to us as a liquidy drink...not a smoothie.  It was like chocolate milk...we didn't order vegan chocolate milk.  We commented on how liquidy it was and were then told that, oh by the way, they were also out of vegan protein powder, which would have made it thicker.  We asked him to add a banana, to which he obliged.  He returned our drink, and it wasn't much thicker but did have a bit more taste.  Not something I would ever recommend.

If I go here again, I'll have to try an actual meal, because I haven't been impressed with their smoothies.  Tip to the owner:  offer one or two green smoothies (spinach) or spinach as an add-in in addition to the veggie green juices.
I love a great steak, medium rare but more rare than medium.  Eggs, can't live without.  I never thought I would like vegan food.

After eating here I have completely changed my mind.  The food is fresh and favorable.  The atmosphere is inviting.  The owner is pleasant, inviting and accommodating.

I had one of her cupcakes that had a raspberry on top, and a caprese sandwich.  Both were fantastic, and I just couldn't get enough.  

This is also just a simple business, started up by this woman, and I want to see it succeed.  With such quality food, it should be a hit.  :)
Best place in Chandler to get vegetarian or vegan food.  And now they also have Raw options!  The owner, Sasha is fabulous, and she is always creating something new.  The food is fabulous and everyone is so friendly.
I'm completely obligated to support vegan-friendly businesses so I went to 24 Carrots. 

It was definitely only a 3 star place. The high school kids working behind the counter were super enthusiastic but not very knowledgeable. I mean that I'm glad I do my vegan research.

$10 for a Vegan BLT. 
Vegan Bacon was tasty and house-made not the typical Fakin' Bacon standby. Thank god. 
Bread wasn't toasted, unfortunately, so I could taste how mediocre it was. Other than that, the sandwich was pretty dry and I ended up tossing half of it. 
The side carrots were haphazardly thrown in my to-go container but a welcome and cute addition.

I wish that I could have tried a smoothie but after the expensive sandwich, I couldn't justify it. 

I hate to say it, but I left 24 Carrots craving something more. I'll give it one more chance - I'll order a smoothie next time. It's impossible to not love a peanut butter/banana soy protein shake, right?
What a great place! Sasha and her staff are great people who were more than welcoming! We were in town on vacation checking out the area and they helped to make a great impression. They even occupied our son so we could eat! It was amazing. Chandler has really friendly, wonderful people and this place is a perfect example of that. I cant wait to go back!
I have a lot of health issues and a very limited diet.  Trying to stay alkaline, and keeping raw, I have found many delectable options.  My first visit, I tried the raw chile rellano, then the raw coconut curry spring rolls which were PHENOMENAL!  I also got to try a raw vanilla cupcake with coconut strawberry frosting. This is currently my favorite raw food venue.
Take 3?  In the middle of a craptastic day, I decided to order my lunch ahead, since I wasn't going to have time eat out. Hoping to get a 4 star  meal from 24 Carrots, I placed my order online, and as directed by the site, I arrived promptly 30 minutes later to pick it up.  I had a to wait a few minutes in line, but once it was my turn, I was disappointed to hear that my lunch wasn't ready.  I was told that there was a big party that came in before me and the kitchen got behind but my order would be ready in 5 minutes.  She offered me a bite size chocolate cupcake with peanut butter frosting, which was fantastic! At that point I thought things were starting to look up.  About 15 minutes later, I am told they had some confusion on my order and needed clarification.   Almost 55 minutes after I placed my order it was ready.  Unfortunately I had a meeting at 1PM, so their delay caused me to have to leave my sandwich to get soggy in Aioli.  When I finally got to eating my lunch, I was disappointed to see that they forgot the cucumber on the sandwich, and the avocado and pomegranate in my salad.  I don't mind spending almost $11 on a  1/2 sandwich and side salad, but don't forget to give me all the ingredients!  All in all, what I received tasted good, and would have probably tasted better if I was able to eat it fresh, not an hour after it was made.
The staff at 24 are really sweet and give great recommendation. I had the raw nori rolls they were a 4/5. Quite gArlicy but the lemonade with ginger wad so good. They r such a small restaurant, not fancy at all. Go for lunch thou not din.
I am going to update my review since the owner sent me a nice little message and explained the reason for the microwaves. I totally respect the amount of work she puts into her food everyday, and I really appreciated that she took the time to explain all of her cooking processes and limitations in her kitchen. I also appreciate how kind she was about it. I have seen posts from owners from other restaurants bashing customers for having an opinon. Its refreshing to see an owner who does the exact opposite. Knowing now that the microwaves are used only to boil water I feel better knowing that what I ate was not cooked in the microwave. I will definaly be back to try out all of your other breakfast dishes!     4/26/11

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I came in here really wanting to love this place. I am always looking for more vegan places to eat because my ultimate goal is to go completely vegan sometime in the near future. We came in at around 8:30 on Saturday morning. That is one thing I have to say about their Saturday hours. Everywhere except their Facebook page says they open at 11 on Saturdays, and even the sign outside of the store says they open at 11, but they actually open at 8 on Saturdays. We might have been the first people in there because of this. And nobody came in after us until about 9:15. Maybe people are confused about the hours? I don't know. But from the reviews on this place I expected it to be jumping. I know every time I go to Pomegranate Cafe this early its packed. So maybe update your website and sign out front? Just a suggestion. 

Anyways, so we walked in and ordered. I got the vegan eggs benedict, and my husband got the tofu scramble and one of the smoothies. So we sit down and wait for our food to come out. Now I don't want to be picky, but this is one of the things I notice when I walk into a place. Its small, yes. That doesn't bother me. It just didn't feel clean to me. Most of the tables had stuff all over them and weren't cleaned right. There was dust all over everything. And a giant dead mosquito watched me pretty much my entire breakfast from the window where he was caught in a spiders web. For a place this size, there really shouldn't be any reason why it was a dirty as it was. Maybe that doesn't bother some people, but I was put off by all of the dust. 

The other thing I noticed that really bugged me, is how many times I heard them open and close the microwave. Aren't restaurants supposed to use pots and pans? I don't think I heard the sound of a pot clanging one time. And I have stopped going to restaurants in the past because I found out they use microwaves. If I want to use a microwave, I'll go home and cook myself. I didn't come here to pay ten dollars for breakfast, for it to be made entirely in the microwave. Honestly, I would rather wait an hour for breakfast so it can be made on the stove, than to have it done in ten minutes out of a microwave. 

So after about 15 to 20 minutes our food comes out. It is a lot more than I thought it was going to be. I had two pieces of toast with four pieces of tofu bacon, then topped with two tofu "eggs" with avocado and garlic aoli. It was served with a salad and fresh fruit. The salad was a little odd for breakfast, but it tasted good. I liked the dressing and sunflower seeds. I really liked the eggs benedict. It had a good flavor and even for as much food as it was I ate everything on my plate. My husband also liked his scrambled tofu which came with toast and jam, fresh fruit and two pieces of tofu bacon. For ten dollars you really do get what you pay for. 

I really want to come back here because I did like the food, however I don't know that I will knowing how much they do use the microwave. Maybe some people don't care about that, but I do. Perhaps, I will just have to come back and try their raw options. But really, get rid of the microwave!
If you're looking for vegetarian restaurants in Phoenix that are also vegan-friendly, you're gonna love 24 Carrots Juice Bar & Cafe. Read my recommendation: http://directory.veganish.org/vegetarian-restaurants-in-phoenix-24-carrots/
Hello everyone!



Ok, here we go.

I have to admit that I am going to struggle with this review because I had such a great experience my first time and i wanted to enjoy again, but?

I have been thinking over the last couple of hours about how i could just not say anything and let it go but i cannot. After all i do say what is on my mind even if people do not like it.

All I wanted was what I had the last time, an tofu scramble sandwhich with blt and siracha. At the time of placing the order I was told the tofu scramble now comes with cranberries mixed in. Not so good.

(In a conversation with Sasha about this review I have been informed that the "egg salad" which is actually a different kind of tofu scramble is the one that comes with cranberries, not the tofu scramble which comes with sauteed veggies. Being vegan I regard "egg salad" as "tofu scramble" which is what was on my original sandwhich which I mentioned with very high regard in my first review. This sandwhich is available and is delicious. I have agreed to update my review because of this information and am sorry for any misunderstanding. I have changed my star rating from 1 to 2 stars, however the remainder of this review will remain unchanged)

So i move on and decided to split a burger w/ the wifster. All is ok. I will try something new, and save some calories too. Her decision 

Veggie Masala Burger 
Spice Infused Veggie Burger, Romaine, Tomato, Cucumber, Red Onion, Cheddar topped with a Jalapeno Cilantro Pesto, plus bacon,minus cheese, Veronica style,w/pineapple carrot slaw. $9.95 plus$1.50 for 2 slices of bacon.

Total bill w/tip $15.00

Last time the "homemade" bacon was unfricken believable. By far the best I had ever had. Thick, chewy, kinda crunchy, yum. 

So i beg and plead for them to show me how to do this, or at least give me some pointers and i got the resounding and very hob nobby "UH- no". And even this is ok, I understand that they wish to keep thier secret. I am here to tell you that todays bacon was not even close to last time. thin and soggy with no flavor. kinda like, Morningstar Farms in looks and taste. Far from "homemade". 

On to the burger. Gross man! Could not even finish it! Cannot even describe that flavor but E double UU! I did not taste ANY jalapeno cilantro pesto at all. And yes I know what this tastes like I make it for a pizza sauce at home. Super dry and crumbly. All i could taste was cinnamon.

Even my wife had a hard time finishing hers.

The pineapple carrot salad was not my favorite. I only hope the ton of white stuff mixed into it was Veganaise. 

What happened to a good ol dill pickle. Sorry just not my fav, and for $15.00 clams my expectations are higher. 

I left so hungry I had to get a Clif bar at Trader Joes so I at least could make it home. "I came all the way from Maricopa for this" is what I believe I spat out of my mouth when I got in the car afterward.

Serverly dissapointing!

Review time!

Curbage: 10 (love it)
P factor: I dunno, but all is very clean and this is awesome
Ordering; 10 (quick)
Waiting time: 9 ( much faster this time)
Food: 3 (Nice try just gross man)
Food Value: -10 (couldnt even finish half of a $15 dollar burger
Summary: 5 ( I am on the fence today, kinda dont know to sum it up so I have to ponder further, and hope that next time will be better.)

I want 24 carrots to work for me bad. It represents most of what I am looking for i a restaurant meal.  Today unfortunately did not, and with the changes that I saw on the new menu, I am unsure of returning, therefore I have to give only 1 star today quite simply because I could not even finish one half of an overpriced vegan burger. Sorry 24 Carrots todays meal just does not cut it for me. 

Late 

Gordo

ps I will keep 24 carrots on my Best Vegan Eats for now but.....
I love this place.  I had the raw green papaya salad and it was amazing.  I love how they use local ingredients in everything.  Will definitely be back :)
I love this place  I go to it every time I'm in Chandler.  Fresh food, friendly people and a gem of a find in a strip mall.
I'm pretty disappointed in myself for not reviewing 24 Carrots. 
Every time I've gone, I've had the best service! The employees already know my name, they make suggestions from the menu, and make sure you're happy.
They like to experiment in the kitchen (as opposed to me, in the bedroom) and will bring out things they are working on. Beet Balls. Cake Balls. Yeah, they make a lot of balls. Score!
The last time I went, I had the grilled cheese. To die for!!!!
This is a vegetarian restaurant, with vegan options. You can get regular cheese if you want.
I always get a blueberry smoothie. Large. Yummy & good for the kidney!
Bring your laptop, as there is free wifi. There is no more perfect place to work. Believe me.
Hands down, the best juice bare and cafe you will find in the East Valley. Everything from the juices, homemade granola, lunches and desserts are spot-on....and I usually don't like Vegan food! :) 

Keep up the great work!
We agree with all those who say Sasha is wonderful.  We travel frequently on business and we try to find juice bars wherever we go.  In Phoenix they are very limited and this is a good one.  Sasha went out of her way to make sure we had our juices the way we wanted them and having just finished a trade show, we were very grateful.  They were tasty, too!  Drinking green juices and smoothies really makes a difference in our health so again, very grateful.
If you are looking for something healthy, vegetarian, vegan, or even raw this is the place to go! it has something to satisfy everyones needs and flavour to boot! if you are a big meat eater, this is the place to try. Seriously. It will change your mind about eating vegetarian or raw. All the meals are bursting with flavour, and the portion size is good. The price of this place is also on-par with what you get. If you are looking for fresh, farmers market quality stuff, 24 carrots is the place to go! I drive 30 minutes just to eat lunch here. Wish more of these places would pop up! Atmosphere is very inviting. It's very Portland/Coffee shop feel with a nice lounge area and books to read while eating. They also have some kids toys for the little ones which is a nice touch!  I have eaten at a few veg friendly places in the valley and 24 Carrots is the best!

Oh- and I see they have new hours. They'll be open for dinner now which is great! Next thing I'm hoping for is delivery! :)
I'd heard good things about the place from a couple of people so I wanted to give it a try and I wasn't disappointed.  Nice vibe in the place, friendly people and tasty food!  I went with the intention of picking something up over my lunch hour but I ended up making a new friend and we sat and talked about food.

I believe it was the owner up front, she was friendly and passionate about the place.  I went with the 1/2 Mediterranean veggie sammy and 1/2 Wanted Panda salad (they were out of the Mediterranean bean salad).  The sammy was plump full of fresh & tasty veggies, homemade hummus on a nice toasty grain bread.  The salad was big and also very fresh, loved the tangy/sweet dressing - with a proper serving size of about 2 Tbsp THANK YOU!  (hate having a nice salad dripping with 1/3 cup of gooey dressing)  

I thought both items had a nice amount of flavor and the veggies tasted like they'd spent a good amount of time in the earth as they should. I finished off with a Cliffs of Dover fruit juice blend, was a little sweeter than I expected but that was just fine with my sweet tooth.  $15 total for my lunch, and I was full & satisfied for the entire afternoon.

My new friend went with the falafel burger and it looked so good, nice and moist and she loved the sauce.  Another customer asked her what it was because it looked so tasty.  I'd just made falafel the day before or I'd have gone with it - oh well, next time.  The other burgers sound great too!

I noticed some reviews commenting about 24C being out of different things, as they were when I went.  With a varied daily menu with fresh ingredients its hard to anticipate so I don't fault them for that.  

I'll definitely be back again.  Yes it's a bit pricy, takes a little longer and the food might be a little different each time.  And thats fine by me.   This place reminded me why we don't like chains and delicious food and great conversation go so well together.
The food here is wonderful and I am never disappointed! The owners are so friendly and the food is soooo flavorful. I was also happy to learn that they cater! I loved the vegan eggs benedict and the chicken salad sandwich is delicious. One time I had a tomato soup that was to die for. I am so happy to have stumbled upon this restaurant and plan on spreading the word!
Went there yesterday and loved the caprese salad with mozzarella, tomatoes, mixed greens, and pesto dressing. Delicious! And they are always so incredibly friendly here. A little pricey but worth it because you can be sure you are eating healthy food made with high-quality, ingredients many of which are locally grown and/or organic.
NOTE: This review is only about the smoothies/juices

Sadly I really wanted to like this place, because I've been looking for a decent local juice bar...and I apparently still have yet to find a good one! I decided to order 2 juices. but couldn't find one that screamed ginger (I love ginger), so I asked the girl behind the counter what she would recommend and she mentioned that they can add ginger to any of the drinks. I decided to get the Pucker Up! and Berry Me Alive, both with ginger. I was hoping to get a small to try, but the size didn't seem worth it for $4.50 plus extra for ginger, so I got both in a medium size. 

The Pucker Up did make my lips pucker but not in a good way. It was bland and sour and I could feel my stomach acids churning. The Berry Me Alive tasted like a cup of frozen berries. Yes, I know frozen fruits are practical in such places, but I've never had berries that tasted so lack-luster. Also, I don't know how much ginger I get for 50 cents, but it wasn't enough because I couldn't even taste it.

For 2 medium drinks plus ginger, the total can to about $13. So not worth it! Don't plan to ever waste my money here. I'll just drive to Thrive in Gilbert for now.
I had expected from a place that specialized in them. We ordered brunch items, and they were good, but quite over priced in my opinion. We spent $75 for breakfast for my little family of four. I would say our meal was worth about half that. It took over 45 minutes for our food to be served after we ordered. The server wasn't very friendly our helpful. Overall, we were excited to try this place, but in the end we were quite disappointed and we won't be visiting again.
The aprons the staff wear look like they have never been washed...I'm not sure how clean or well run this establishment is...hmmm.  I also ordered two smoothies and they ran out of the proper size cups, so my large smoothie went into two small cups; a bit annoying. I also the prices to be expensive.
I worked down the street from this place for years and finally went in because I was doing a detox and needed a fresh fruit drink.  Much to my surprise they have a huge menu with great food, drinks, baked goods, and desserts.  I never walk away from this place with a heavy feeling and I know that I am eating much better.  They only use fruits and veggies that are in season so be open to trying new things.  

They always have a veggie burger special and make sure you get there early before it sells out.  My favorite is the fruity almond toast and pumpkin pie smoothie.

Make sure you go to happy hour between the hours 2-5 Monday through Friday when the drinks are 1/2 price.
The juice was great. I had a large size of Berry Bom Pomp (or something like that..lol) and a Veggie Masala Burger. It was great and fresh. I paid about $20. It was quite pricy for a burger and a drink. I might go back if I really want to find a comfort food with a very comfort place without concern about the price. 

The environment was very cozy. They have quite lots of books and novels to read. You can sit and read the books in there with a hot coffee and cookies:). Hmm...very nice.
I used to frequent several of the vegetarian/vegan/raw/organic establishments in NYC and now back in Arizona, I was hoping to find comparable fare. Let me say that this place holds a candle to absolutely all of the places I had been to in NYC, and without the inflated prices and ostentation I had encountered out east. Nutritionally conscious Arizonans should consider themselves lucky to have an establishment like this which provides foods sourced locally, ethically, organically, and most importantly for me, THAT TASTE OH SO GOOD. The food here is just straight blissful---whether you're a meat-eater, vegetarian, vegan, raw-curious, any of the above--they really make an effort to appeal to all of the palates, I noticed. The tastes and colors are so vibrant and every dish I had was done with care and craftsmanship. Everything came together on the dishes; nothing seemed to clash--a sign that there is a good deal of culinary ingenuity behind the restaurant concept. I oftentimes wonder why people even need meat or dairy when vegan food can be made to taste this irresistible. So far I have had the Juevos Rancheros, the Smoked Bacon BLT, their house veggie burger, and a special of the day, an enchilada dish. I honestly don't understand any of the negative reviews; they seem trifling and unsubstantial. Recognize the overarching reality that you are getting some of the very best quality nutrition possible prepared sooo yummily. To me, that's all that matters. Like I said, I would recommend this just as enthusiastically as some of the best vegan/vegetarian/raw/organic establishments in NYC, and that's saying something. I salute you 24 carrots, and I wish you luck in your continued awesome output of cuisine. Count on me to be a regular!

Note: Being a tall male, I have a voracious appetite and sometimes I will order two dishes, but I have no problem with this. People have different requirements and I don't criticize their portions as being meager. They are appropriately sized portions.
Place is hippie, almost too much so.  The dining room and bathroom need cleaning. Otherwise the juices are tasty and made fresh, there is also amazing art on the walls.
OK, food was great! I'm very happy that almost anything can be made either gluten-free or vegan. In fact, I had the enchilada black bean burger made vegan and GF, it was DELISH! I can tell they make their own GF bread, it wasn't gritty or anything, very good. It was a little messy to eat, but I managed without having to use my fork. ;D

Now, the juices, on the other hand, leave a little something to be wanting.....

On the menu, I ordered a lemonade (I can't remember the name, it was Indian or something) anyways, the description was "ginger lemonade with Indian Spices". The thing is, when I read "lemonade" my brain associates that word with a sweet drink. THIS. WAS. NOT. SWEET. My drink was PURE lemon with a hint of ginger, with floating peices of lemon seeds. Talk about lip-pucker!!! Now, don't get me wrong... I see the potential, so I actually took it home, strained out the seeds, and added unfiltered apple juice. It was......better. So, I would suggest either changing the drink description from "lemonade" to "lemon juice", or, just change the recipe to make it sweet (and notice, I say "sweet" and not "sweeter")

I will be back, if not for the juices, definitely for the food (kinda weird, considering this is a JUICE bar...). I wouldn't mind trying a smoothie, or maybe I'll just buy an Izze next time, haha.
I am a big fan....For 2012 I am going to really try to eat healthier so I will be in here more often. The food is always tasty and unique. I love the happy hour because drinks are half priced.
After a long hike we found this place on yelp. We arrived during happy hour, great prices!!!  Delicious choices good for both us and the environment.
I have eaten here a few times and I have to say I love their juice bar options.  Sasha is awesome in that she knows the particular things that particular people like.. ie, she has an array of smoothie add-ins (wheatgrass, veggie protein, etc).  I would say the only complaint is that both times I've ordered to-go here, it's taken forever (even for a smoothie).. so I've resorted to just calling way ahead.

Her sandwiches are big and are wholesome and have interesting mixes and only once have I had an issue (I had expired carrots), but that was just once and the other times I've had no issue.  I've seen her with farmer's market bags of produce, so I know she gets her produce as local as possible.

The decor is very relaxing and invites you to hang out a bit longer.  A few times she's been in the kitchen running her mixer and pops out with some dessert topping or filling she's making that she'd like us to try and tell her what we think of them - they've always been good.. especially because she has to be creative to make them vegan and tasty.

Her to-go containers are all compostable and she is very cautious about re-use in her dining utensils (ie. no styrofoam or plastic cutlery).

I support this establishment because they are commited to whole food, customer satisfaction, and the environment... and she makes Hella good desserts, smoothies, and big yummy sandwiches.
I absolutely LOVE this place!!!  The food is out of this world and the atmosphere is perfection.  Be advised, this is not a fast food joint.  Everything is like home made using fresh ingredients FULL of the good stuff!!!  The pastries are incredible, the menu is AWESOME and the juices and smoothies are BEYOND fantastic.  If you're looking for an ice cream based juice/smoothie bar, this is probably not the place for you.  If there were 10 stars available to rate this place, THAT is the rating I would give.
This place has such delicious foods. They are fresh, healthy and I wish there was a location in CA. I love their smoothies and the fact that the have other milk options such as almond and rice, is just wonderful. I got the spring rolls today...delish! I eat here every time I'm in town.
Two vegans and two vegetarians waltzed into 24 carrots at about 7 p.m., chattering about facetious things - colleges, boys, clothes, food. After one look at the menu, they fell silent, faces scrunched in determination, attempting to narrow down the plethora of options before them. To make matters worse (but actually better), breakfast was served all day, so between the lunch, specials, juices, smoothies, baked goods, and breakfast... the selection seemed virtually endless. Our cashier/server was polite and incredibly patient as we asked a large number of unnecessary questions, frantically attempting to rationalize our menu-oriented decisions. 

After about 10 minutes had passed, I was still torn between the french toast and the BLT, so we agreed to order the french toast as an appetizer for the table. Thank the flying spaghetti monster we did. This may win the 'best classic french toast that ever was' award, vegan or not. It tastes like a cross between brioche and challah (butter bread and egg bread?), so I'm rather befuddled in regards to how they achieved that consistency, sans butter or eggs. Whatever, it's probably best I just stuff my mouth full of fresh fruit and warm, maple-y french toast and don't ask questions, anyway.

The BLT ended up being satisfactory, but from what I read online, I was expecting more. I don't remember tasting onions, avocado, cucumber, or aioli, so if it was there somewhere... I missed it. My friend disliked her tofu breakfast burrito, and I found it somewhat bland myself, but we brought it home and my boyfriend ate the entire thing in five minutes flat. However, quinoa tabooli was delicious, as was the tikka masala we received after our meal (thanks, Sasha, you rock!). Ethnic food is definitely a go at 24 Carrots.

For dessert, we shared a chocolate cake doughnut. It didn't stay together like a real cake doughnut, but it was much better than one... more like a ring of dense, chocolate cake. We also had the pleasure of trying an experimental raw cheesecake. It tasted a lot like chia seed-y, vanilla bean panna cotta with a bottom layer of delicious crust. Needless to say, everyone loved it (thanks, Daniel, you rock!) We also may have donated a dollar to charity in exchange for a mini chocolate cupcake. All worth it.

On the whole, unless you LOVE tofu, I recommend the sweet breakfast options. The one thing that's disappointing about this menu is that the entire savory selection of breakfast is tofu-based. However, with options like homemade granola, french toast, and maca oatmeal, I think I'll survive. Top that off with an awesome, relaxed atmosphere and the most amiable staff around, and you've got an all-around pleasant experience. I'll definitely have try 24 Carrots again... something tells me I won't get a full feel for the place until maybe my 35th visit, which I have no problem with.
This place is awesome. Arizona is lucky to have such a great vegan dining option. We could use a local in TX. The end!
I have never had an over-the-top and deliciously decadent breakfast that doesn't leave me feeling guilty, nauseated or sleepy afterwards.... until now.

Victory was delivered in the form of carrot cake pancakes. They are, for lack of better terminology, the bee's knees. The butterfly's shins. The wasp's ankles. You get the idea. Two fluffy pancakes studded with thick carrot ribbons, spices, and a delicious dose of sweetness independent of the maple syrup and fresh fruit they were served with. These are better than carrot cake... and I don't consider too many things in this world better than carrot cake.

On a very mildly unpleasant note, one cake was slightly undercooked in the middle. However, I have no fear of vegan pancake batter and proceeded to shove the entire thing in my mouth anyway. I washed that down with a "field of greens" juice (it tastes like it has the power to cure hundreds of ailments), and deemed myself full and satisfied.

Then, I noticed a little sliver of pie sitting in the fridge. Just a sad, single sliver. I had to inquire.. it looked so lonesome. Turns out it was chocolate caramel turtle pie. Vegan, raw, gluten-free, chocolate caramel turtle pie with a nut crust, salted caramel sauce, pepitas and pecans on top. I don't need to explain what happened next, just know that it was beautiful. Worth every one of the 650 pennies I shelled out for it.

It's been seven hours since I've eaten and I'm still not hungry. With the quality ingredients that 24 Carrots puts into all their dishes, it's no surprise that juice, two pancakes and half a slice of pie has sustained me until dinnertime. Oh, 24 Carrots, your wholesome goodness will surely lure me in again soon.
When I first went raw I was worried it meant that I would never eat out again so you can imagine my excitement when I found out about 24 Carrots. I went for Raw Wednesday (although I believe they have a raw option everyday) and had the "Cheese Burger." It was so delicious that I ended up ordering the other raw option on the menu to take home for dinner. The atmosphere was casual and welcoming and the staff was willing and able to answer all of my questions.  This is one you should add to your list whether you are raw or not!
I thought this place was great!  Had the Arizona bowl which was sooo yummy!  It's a cute, but small place and the wait to get your food is long, but worth it!  Will definitely be back!
24 Carrots is a wonderful place for smoothies (pina colada is wonderful), juices, raw and vegan foods. The staff is funny , smart and know how to make the yummiest dishes. 
The ONLY thing is... the windows are dirty. I mean streaked and gross. Please clean them. You serve wonderful clean food, clean the windows.
This was probably the best vegan breakfast I've ever had, or at the very least it is tied with some of the "famous" vegan places I've been to in Portland and Seattle.

First of all, it's obvious that 24 Carrots started off as a juice bar. They use all local produce when they can and have thought up some delicious combinations. I had something off the menu that the owner recommended. I believe the main ingredients were kale, cucumber, and pineapple, and it was very very good. I also noticed on the menu that there are some very unique add-ins for juices and smoothies such as herbs like fenugreek and turmeric.

The chocolate coconut french toast was divine. It was cooked to perfection and topped with just the right amount of coconut cream, dried coconut, chocolate chips, and strawberries so that it was decadent but not overly done. Even the strawberries and oranges that garnished the plate were juicy and organic. 

As a vegan I typically don't eat imitation meat - it weirds me out a little bit. But after learning that their "bacon" is made from tofu that they make in-house, season, bake, and then grill to order, I just had to try it. I was never a huge fan of bacon pre-veg anyway, so I didn't really have any expectations. It had a great flavor and was actually quite good. If imitation meat was my thing, I would be all about this stuff. The owner did say it is a huge seller for them.

If I lived in Phoenix I would be a regular at this place so that I could try everything on the menu. Everything sounded so good! The owner was also very sweet and I chatted with her quite a bit. I'm so glad I went, and it was definitely worth every penny.
5-star food, 1-star speed. plan to wait for a long time, but it's totally worth it. the food is fresh, healthy and delicious. gluten-free carrot cake pancakes were bomb, but the owner literally had to mill the gf flour. worth it dot com, but it takes awhile. just sayin.
Wow, where to start where to start.  after completing culinary school I realize the challenge in cooking vegan, its very easy to over season or under season items.  The owner seems to have vegan cooking down pat.  I have stopped by twice in the past week spending way more than I planned on spending simply because I was tempted into testing out the flavors offered.  As an example...... Her bacon..... She first makes Tofu from scratch, then cuts thin slices, bakes those slices, then finishes on a grill with some seasoning, it doesn't necessarily taste like bacon, but the taste is intense and delicious.  The juice bar is also very extensive (some items are not even on the menu like my favorite... the Grinia Colada....) The Grinia Colada has got a handful of greens juiced alongside a few fruits coconut milk and lime.  Mindblowing!  If you are looking for a spot to fill up without the guilty, "I should run a 5k after this meal," feeling, stop by 24 carrots.
Love their smoothies (Ultimate recovery-my fave!) and juices (field of greens)  Happy hour= 1/2 off drinks.  My kids who roll their eyes at the thought of eating vegan, love their vegan burgers, and quesadillas.  Great tasting food, healthy, and great service.  Food is made from scratch...this is not fast food, so expect a small wait.  Food that you can feel good about eating.
So, since my last visit with the awful lemonade, the owner actually contacted me through yelp to get me to try the Nimbu Pani one more time on the house, insisting it was made wrong. (AWESOME customer service!)

I went back for round two. She was right. MUUUUUUCHOOOOO better! It was actually sweet this time (she also informed me that she made sure all of her employees know how to make it properly too) They only thing that was a little weird were the whole cumin seeds in the drink....I just couldn't get past that. but, it was EXCELLENT as long as I didn't chew the seeds......

While I was there I ordered the soup of the day.....vegan (of course) potato leek soup......I hate to say it, but it really wasn't good. I didn't know it was a cold soup....had I known, I probably would have ordered something else (I think potatoes with aromatics are just mean to be eaten warm....it's just hard to stomache otherwise) This is the only reason I'm not changing my rating to 5 stars. However, I know they have other deslicous menu options that I will be happy to go back and have in the future. 

And THANKS for making me try the lemonade again!!!
Fresh juice - so fresh & crisp! Great sandwiches with amazing bread. And the hummus - so yummy with carrots! Loved the vegan BLT - love love love!!!

Great service - very friendly and answered all of our questions. Also loved the water with fruit. Will most definitely be headed back to 24 Carrots again soon.
They don't serve coffee here, and they were extremely nice about it.
If you're getting food and/or tea, go here instead of the nearby Starbucks.
Love this place! Everything is super fresh and the owner supports local growers. Its a nice place to just chill too.
Went back again yesterday and had their mango limeade special - it was perfectly cold, tangy, and sweet on a hot summer day. It's easy to see why 24C is doing well. The people like working there and it shows in the atmosphere and quality of their food & drinks! Keep up the good work!
RUDE EMPLOYEE!!!!! I went into this juice bar one morning in a hurry. First impression, EXPENSIVE for a juice and you needed glasses to read the tiny written menu. The smoothie I ordered was $7.50 (quite a lot I would say). I ordered from the girl standing behind the counter, then the phone rang. She proceeded to take the call to discuss daily sales and how much the shop was making each day with the person on the other line. She did not apologize or excuse herself while taking this call. As I waited she walked around cleaning things up while on the phone. (No, not starting to make my smoothie, just talking on the phone about how much money the place is making, REALLY?) The person with me never got to order, we both walked out, no time in my day for that. Better tell that owner they just lost 2 smoothie sales that day and possible repeat customers.
While I found everything to be satisfying, it wasn't very memorable. The only real problem is that they don't serve coffee. They are not allowed to because they are next to a Starbuks. That's some b/s on the part of Starbucks, but nonetheless, I wouldn't put a breakfast spot next to one.
This place has very friendly service and a wide selection of vegan food including several raw vegan options.  I've had all the raw vegan entrees and they are all good.
I love this place but the service is incredibly slow.  Like mind-numbingly slow.  I took my sister there for a "quick bite to eat".  It took nearly 30 minutes to get two smoothies and one quesadilla out to our table.  It looked like there were 3 people working (1 in the front running the register and 2 in the kitchen).  The smoothies were delicious but the guy making them was eating bits of fruit while he was dropping the ingredients into the blender for our smoothies....I was a bit concerned.  

The quesadilla was amazing but it just took forever.  The first time we went was just as slow as the second time. So I don't see the service time improving but the food is still good.  

I always think about going there but I just never like having to allot extra time for waiting around forever.  It always seems like the people calling in their orders get priority service.  Maybe that's the way to go?  I'll have to try that out sometime.  During our last visit a person called and placed a phone order just as we sat down at our table.  Before our food was ready she had time to drive down to the restaurant, her food order was prepped, cooked and boxed, then she came in to pay and left....all before we ate.  :( I don't know how much food she had ordered but they gave her a big bag.
Good food -- delicious, actually. Slooooow service -- I was the only customer and it still took 20 minutes to bring my order. I'm guessing there's an attitude issue in the kitchen. Or maybe it starts at the top, because their website doesn't offer any option for sending in feedback. If it had, I'd have sent this directly to the management instead of posting it here.
Visiting from out of town and found this place by searching 'Vegan' on yelp. I'm in heaven! Ordered a carrot / pomegranate / kale / cucumber juice and it was delicious.  The owner is super friendly. We're here a few more days and will be back to try some of the food.
Met some friends for dinner here, great food. Very creative and lots of choices on the menu.  Nice staff, great experience.
This place is awesome. Raw and vegan BUT tons of non-soy options!! Sasha and her staff are always accommodating to my specific food allergies and every meal is fresh and delicious. Sometimes it's a bit slow to come out and that's because its all fresh! Worth the wait in my opinion. I luv this place! GMO-FREE.
I've been here a couple times now and I think it's fantastic.  I had an enchilada burger and I had me some "bacon" the last time I was here, both times to much satisfaction.

Dude, one time my girlfriend ordered "eggs" benedict, and it even had a runny yolk and everything.  The lady who runs this place is a fuckin' magician with vegan food.  So, so delicious.
Really amazing food. Fantastic fresh juices and smoothies. And the service is very personable and great.  The staff are always welcoming, friendly and helpful.
Worst thing about this place is that it's 20+ miles from my home.  Wish they were in North Scottsdale :)

Food is amazing.  They're really magicians with the various veggie products they use.  Presentations of plates is excellent.  Portions are large.  The place is nothing to look at and not a lot of seating but sure worth going for some terrific vegetarian and vegan food.  They're moving soon and will be a little further north but they need to move another 20 miles for this to be one of my regular haunts for lunch and dinner.

YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This place is wonderful!  I am not a vegan, but if I was it would probably be the only place I would ever eat!  I went in and ordered a juice (carrot apple orange).  It was fresh and delicious, but I am dying to come back here to try their food though.  Everything on the menu looks really yummy and the place has such a laid back atmosphere.  I am from Chicago and places like this usually get a bad rep for being super snotty and judgmental, but the servers are friendly and not afraid to strike up a conversation.
The only thing this place is missing is great hours.  I am a teacher and I would LOVE to be able to order a fresh juice in the morning instead of my usual Starbucks coffee which never comes the way I order it, but they open so late that's a definite no.  They also aren't open late either so after school is out of the question if I decide to stay late.  Come on 24 Carrots!! Extend those hours!!!
"Quite possibly the best food I have ever eaten."  That was the phrase that came out of my husbands mouth-and boy do I agree.  We are not vegans or vegetarians, just folks in search of whole foods that are made with healthy organic ingredients.  Based on the reviews, we tried it last Sunday and WOW.  I can't imagine anything tastier.  That is, until we went back on Friday.  We had the quesadillas and the pizza and hummus.  We were truly blown away.  Yes, it takes a while, but the food is MADE FROM HAND there on the spot.  Healthy, organic delicious ingredients!  I will wait for that ANY DAY!  We can't wait to go back.  Sasha changes her menu weekly based on what she finds at the local farmers markets. We will be back, and back, and back and back.  Did I mention we will be back?  :)  Do not miss out, try this place TOMORROW!!
Friendly service and incredible, healthy food! I was driving through Chandler on business and was looking for a non-chain restaurant to grab a quick bite. They were kind and welcoming, passing out smoothie samples and asking how my falafal burger was (very good.) They revamp the menu every week based on what fresh ingredients they've bought at the local Phoenix farmers markets. I was they had a location in L.A.
I love the food here and I crave it often. Usually, I order 2 items because I can't decide between the new, delicious menu items that rotate each week. The juices are great and I love the "happy hour" they have from 2-5 on some days of the week. They use local, fresh ingredients from nearby farms. However, the service is incredibly slow. Generally, there are only two people working: one person running the register, answering the phone, and making juices, and another person making ALL of the orders in the back. Even when the restaurant is almost dead, I wait for over 30 minutes for a to-go order. One time, the girl behind the counter answered some questions about the menu for me and ended up recommending an item. When my order was up 30 minutes later, it was a totally different dish. She said I never ordered the other one - even though she recommended it to me! Then they told me they were out of the ingredients for the dish I ordered. I wasn't even upset about that - I know that they order fresh ingredients from local farms and they are bound to run out of something. But, I was there for over 45 minutes waiting for a simple raw dish. The owner was very nice, but the service was slow and she wasn't behind the counter helping, she was closing out for the day and working on her computer. Meanwhile, people were waiting a ridiculously long time for their food.
I'll start by saying I haven't eaten here yet, but I have picked up some of their green juice drinks which have always been awesome! Love their Field of Greens drink - not bitter, not sweet, Just riiiight! I always forget about this place except when I'm thinking of where I can get an awesome juice drink. I saw someone order their tofuizo (tofu chirizo) and I was going to order one had I not had a bizillion things to do today.  I'm coming back and I hope they have the tofuizo next time I'm there(getting hungry thinking about it now)
Loved this place!  Great food! Great flavors!  Will be back when I get to that side of town.
Good yummy healthy vegan food!
I am absolutely blown away by the high reviews this place has. The service is horrible! They usually only have one person taking orders AND then doing the food prep. You would think that they would hire maybe 2 people?!

I have gone there 4 times thinking it must just be bad timing and I really wanted to give this place the benefit of the doubt,  but this last time was the last for sure. While we sat waiting an hour for our lunch, we noticed on the table next to ours was a cockroach happily dining on a dirty table. When I told the owner she just  laughed it off an blamed Subway next door. Ewww!

The food is "ok". Definitely not worth the wait and definitely not worth the bugs.

Check their inspection report on Maricopa.gov
First off, you have to have patience and keep in mind that they make their food and drinks fresh. I absolutely loved my first experience there. I ordered the Arizona Bowl and the Pb&b. I didn't even mind the wait because I was fascinated by the cute seating area they have with their collection of books and board games you can play. It's so cute, I want to sit in there all day. They're also extremely nice! When I got home and took the first bite of my food, I then scarfed it all down and was sad to see it gone. It was sooooo good. I am not even vegan, but i want to start eating much more vegan food. They make it so easy and enjoyable to eat healthy. They definitely got another returning customer.
I had the Quinoa Salad today and it was great. Don't go if you are in a hurry. The service is relaxed like the atmosphere in the restaurant. I love finding fresh, gluten free food and was not disappointed.
this is definitely my favorite vegetarian place near phoenix. it's 20 minutes from my house, but it's well worth the drive. the food is fresh, and although it will take a bit of time to make (if you get something hot), it's worth it. the smoothies are also to die for... i usually get the strawberry fields forever with a protein boost. in addition, i would recommend getting the arizona bowl or the eggs benedict, i love them. however, if you want to be daring... they have a daily menu on a board.
This review has been a long time comin'. I've been a regular off and on for the six or so years this place has been open and I'm just now getting around to sharing with the world about the amazingness of 24 Carrots. Good thing other Yelpers were more on the ball than I was. I've watched this place grow from having a small handful of smoothies, juices, and teas to having a full fledged menu offering breakfast, lunch, dinner, and everything in between while keeping the original drink menu and even expanding on it. What a perfect example of a local business success story!

I cannot speak for the food as I have yet to try any of it, but I can attest that no matter what you get for a smoothie, you cannot go wrong. My personal favorite is the Peachy Keene with a scoop of whey protein added in (which you can do for any smoothie for $1 extra). The uniquely amazing thing about how they prepare their smoothies is that they use frozen fruits, which eliminates the need for ice or ice cream to make the drink cold and in turn makes it much more flavorful. They're always thick, and you always get some leftover fruit on the bottom that didn't quite get mixed in with the rest very well, but hey at least you have a bit of a snack!

Like others have pointed out, this place has a very laid back atmosphere so don't come here if you are in a big hurry. Everything is prepared fresh and there's usually only about one or two people doing the work, so you'll be waiting about 10-15 minutes depending on what you order. But don't fret, it's completely worth it if you have the time.
I really want to like this place, but truthfully i'm not sure it's worth the wait and the money. I've been here quite a few times, but my past experience may be the last.

 My frustration mostly arises from stopping by at 2:30 on mother's day for some juice. The place was packed, but mostly from people waiting for their lunch. I saw a lot of angry customers waiting more than an hour for their food. My mom decided she didn't want to wait for food and we both order juices. IT TOOK 30 minutes for the juice. JUST JUICE!! The lady making our juice didn't look like she had a clue how to make the juice in the proper portions, tossing veggies and fruits in there like an experiment! It took her 3 times to get it right with her wasting time running back and forth to the back to grab more veggies. Not only does this NOT make sense, but it's a HUGE waste of time. Plus the veggies did not look washed at all. First of all, get a formula down so workers know just about how many veggies go into a drink. Second of all, keep them somewhere close to the juicer! DUH!!! During our wait we saw MANY frustrated customers, complaining they received the wrong orders, or things were missing, and asking why their food was taking so long. People, the food is pretty good, but not worth a 2 hour wait. In this day and age, time is crucial when considering where to go grab a meal. 24 carrots really needs to figure out a way to maximize the time or motivate workers, because honestly I was frustrated by their staff. No organization, and streamlining the food and juice making process needs to happen. 

By the time we got our juices, I really didn't even enjoy it. The time and money we wasted waiting, sweating--does their AC work at all?? --was just not worth it. Sorry 24 carrots. I've given you 3 chances. I'm not looking to be disappointed any further.
Delicious vegan and vegetarian food. By no means am I either one, but I love vegetables. I had the spicy almond cheese stuffed peppers and the hummus appetizer. Both were amazing, also the pita bread they use is some of the best I have ever had. Plus I love how they get  their ingredients fresh from local sources.
The black Forrest mushroom quesadilla was one of the best tasting items I have had in a long time anywhere. As for my other dish it was decent but I am just not the biggest fan of "raw" food.

Despite the name this place is much more of a cafe than a juice bar as they have solid food and not just snacks. 

Each dish is $10-13 a bit pricey for what it is but this seems to be the going rate for local veg cuisine. 

As for the food I had the "ravioli, which was really beat slices with a creamy vegan sauce and some salad. It was good and a bit rich which is surprising as it was raw, for me the flavors were not varied enough. We also had the aforementioned quesadilla which was amazing large chunks of sauteed mushrooms and a few other items in a green tortilla. 

Now if they could just be open for dinner.
DELICIOUS! I have been a vegetarian for over 20 years, and it is nice to finally see so many vegetarian/vegan restaurants sprouting up all over the valley.  I ordered green juice (I forget the name) and mushroom quesedillas.  They were very tasty with fantastic texture and flavor that just popped in your mouth.  The owner of 24 Carrots goes around the valley each week talking to different local farmers to see what products they have.  Their products are the epitome of locally grown, which I really appreciate.  The food is a bit pricey, but I am willing to pay a bit more for local, organic, healthy food.  My one complaint was the noise.  Of course, I have accepted the sad reality that noisy restaurants are "in," with their glass and stone surfaces and nothing to buffer the noise.  However, because smoothies are so popular at 24 Carrots, there was an almost constant din of blender in the background.  I would suggest that they make the smoothies in the back kitchen to cut down the noise.
I'm not a Vegetarian or a Vegan, but this place is delicious, fresh, and gets local produce for their products. 

My favorite is the Voodoo Cooler. Apple, Grape, Cucumber, Celery, Carrot, Beet, Lime, and secret ingredient . . . Dragon Sauce! Sinus drain much? 

Also, their Vegan cupcakes are pretty kickass! 24 Carrots sponsored Phoenix's Take Back The Night Rally and March this past March, and our volunteer crew was able to sample mini versions of them. 

Give this place a go!
I wish I could give 0 stars.  24 Carrots is a nightmare from the second you walk in.  Look anywhere and you will see filth; from the half-inch of dust on the fan blades to the garbage scraps covering the kitchen floor to the apartment-sized electric griddle where all food is cooked to the single spatula that is scraped on the griddle and then laid straight on a table in a pile of food carnage.  Aside from all of this, the person who helped us did not know the menu and used his computer 4 times as a reference while making our juice.  Understaffed, inefficient, dirty, poorly managed, slow:  just don't go here for your own health and sanity.  Literally, I thought I was on a prank show and could not believe what was happening was actually happening.
The food here is so amazing.
When you first walk in, you see nothing but the two juice menu blackboards (smoothies on one tablet, fruit and veggie juices on the next) on the wall. The owner told me they do EVERYTHING out of a freaking microwave and toaster oven, since the place merely started out as a juice bar. 

While I knew I wanted to try a veggie juice, it was kind of hard to choose. Mainly because it still had a large amount of fruit, I chose the Voodoo Child juice. Its contents included: apple, carrot, grape, cucumber, celery, beet, lime and Dragon Sauce. Honestly, I had no idea what Dragon Sauce was, but ordered the juice anyways. Well, Dragon Sauce is actually a very spicy hot sauce ha. At least the cashier let me know about it before they put it in my drink. 

Initially I wasn't sure what to think. It was warm and I'm used to cold juices, so that took a few sips to get into the groove. However, the more I drank, the more I enjoyed my fruit and veggie juice! It was refreshing and light and tart all at the same time. Something I will definitely come back for! While a little on the expensive side, I felt good about splurging on something healthy while also supporting a local eco-friendly business. And I will come back; there are so many juices I am curious to try!
One Word sums up this place- AMAZING!!! I don't care if you are a carnivore or a vegan this place has something for everyone and everything is DELISH!! It does take a little longer than most places but its worth it. Small and quaint with simple ambiance, but a little gem that offers a nice variety and daily specials - Also, their RAW desserts are insanely good and good for you!
If you are vegetarian coz you actually like veggies, this is the place for you.

You can actually taste the vegetables. And the food is fantastic. It rivals True Foods and is priced much better. 

Sasha is such a friendly person, loved talking to her.

And if you cant tolerate vegetables and have given up hope, this is the place for you ! 

They actually promote local, organic and healthy eating. They conduct events like classes from time to time. I have had the pleasure of attending a class as well. 

http://livingthegradlife.com/2013/09/18/cooking-with-sasha-of-24-carrots/

Amazing food and philosophy !
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!  Everything I have ordered here has been great!  Plus I I LOVE the juices and smoothies.  Sometimes, I have had to wait 15-20 minutes for a juice or smoothie, but it's because they were busy.  I've tried so many delicious things here.  Love it!
So I decided to give 24 Carrots another try since the first time I had gone there I left without ordering due to the rude attitude of the workers. I ordered a hummus plate to go. Simple enough. When the menu says "seasonal veggies" I assume it means not veggies I receive with my chicken wings (I got carrots, cucumbers and celery). When I received my food before I even touched the box I asked if they could switch the cucumbers and celery for more carrots since I dislike them. They said no. So I figured I could overlook that as long as the hummus was good. I got home and realized the "pita bread" was nothing more then cracker wafers. And the big kicker is the hummus tasted like bland baby food. I called to complain and the manager, Amanda, proceeded to tell me I was wrong because their hummus is the most popular thing there and that the pita bread was lavosh bread. I worked in customer service for a long time so this really pissed me off. The proper thing to do would be to offer for me to come back and then replace it with something that might have more of what I was looking for flavor-wise. I had just had a great workout and wanted some fresh, flavorful food to eat for lunch. I will never go back to this restaurant, which is sad because I really do enjoy eating healthy and I have also advised my friends to avoid this place as well and to head to Pomegranate Cafe instead. At least that place has friendly staff, better food and they won't have to wait an hour for their food.
Best place to grab a quick snack!  Or come in and sit down for a nice meal in a calm relaxing environment.  Sasha and Amanda are amazing!  Amanda is one of the best vegan/vegetarian chefs EVER!! They are always helpful in picking out new items to try and have new items every week!
I've been here twice at the new Guadalupe location.  The first time I came during lunch and ordered the voodoo cooler and a veggie burger.  I know the voodoo cooler had a mix of veggies, but only one I know for sure in there were beets because of the beautiful red color.  I've tried beets before, for some of my home-made juices, and I just can't get past that dirt taste.  This one was great tasting though.  Just the right amount of veggies and that dragon sauce gave it a great kick.  Unfortunately, I was really disappointed in my veggie burger, I thought it was tasteless and when it cooled down it became even worse.  I'm not really a big fan of dishes that pretend to be meat because I know I'm always expecting that burger taste when I know I won't be getting it.  So I'll blame myself for ordering that dish.

I went back again one morning and ordered a green juice and a quinoa and oatmeal dish.  I never thought of quinoa as a breakfast dish but it was really really good!  It was a hot meal garnished with strawberry slices and the flavor was amazing!  The green juice was also really good and the service is very pleasant.  I know I'll be back and sticking to dishes that do not pretend to be meat.
I'm not a vegan or vegetarian but this place is AWESOME! They have very creative vegan dishes. You won't miss the meat or cheese. The produce they use is fresh and crisp. The service is a bit slow but it's worth the wait!
Great breakfast burritos!
mother mary of GOD THIS BANH Mi!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Do yourself a favor.  Grab a blueberry coconut boba via one smoking hot vietnamese chick and order bahn mi.  Get 2, any pork choice will do.

You will discover the secret to life.
Boba drinks are not the cheapest around but they are probably better than most too.

Sandwiches are really great, cheap, twice I had the spring rolls, first time, really good but second time - perhaps because of the holidays, something wasn't right.

Woman who works there might be one of the more attractive women I have seen anywhere and makes the stop worthwhile.

Place is very clean - this is a lunch time winner
I swear this place has a tractor beam installed, that's programmed for my vehicle. Every time I'm within a two mile radius, I find myself at their door, thirsty for a honeydew boba tea. 

If that isn't enough to make me completely blissful, I'll get a banh mi too. Too bad they don't seem to know what "no cilantro" means.
If this were just about mango boba it would be a 4.  First time I had a Boba drink.  It was really good!

Had lunch with Craig W today.  I ordered a Korean pork dish and it was ok, came with sticky rice, a sauce, some pickled veggies, something that looked and tasted like a Vietnamese quiche (really good), and some salad veggies.  Craig's pho looked pretty good and he confirmed it indeed was.

Small store front but there were still plenty of tables open.  Ordering was a bit confusing at first as I was led to believe a recent change was made to their level of service.  If you are eating in they will now take your order at the table.  All the employees were friendly and service was reasonable, neither of us was on a clock today.  Total with tax and tip came to $13.11, as I have come to expect from Vietnamese restaurants it was a pretty good value.  I checked yes for outdoor seating but it consists of one table and 2 chairs total.
Real fruit in mango boba, not just powders - simply cannot be beaten.

The reason that I am updating is that they expanded the kitchen, remodeled, tripled the size of their menu and now include Vietnamese favorites like pho, bun and broken rice dishes in addition to the excellent bahn mi (sandwiches) and the best boba drinks in town.

Pho was excellent today - the broth was full of flavor before my thai basil, culantro, jalapeno, sriracha and lime juice assault and good to the last slurp.

Menu is not quite a full Vietnamese restaurant menu - but there's clearly enough for several trips a month. Place is clean, food is good, service is great, women are beautiful. I know what heaven is like now.

Did I mention how much I love their mango boba?
This place rocks!  Avocado Boba and Mango Boba are perfect.  Boba is also cooked perfect everytime... soft and chewy and slightly firm in the middle.  

The food is good too.  Had the Pho and Sweet Pork sandwich.  Both tasty.  The place is very affordable and you get delicious boba and food.  

Don't pass this place up!
their vietnamese pho sucks.aint nowhere near the real thing.the meat put in the combination pho are rubbery and look disgusting.tastes bad too so i had to keep myself from not throwing up. they only take CASH.no credit cards.no debit cards.just COLD CASH.a real bummer!
one of my companions was a filipino and the chef said there wasnt anymore left of any filipino food.he left sulking and stark raving disappointed! no REST ROOMS would you believe! the over-all lay-out of the place is an Interior decorator's nightmare. even the name JUICE HOUSE simply aint right.doesnt make any dang sense. a total LET-DOWN! If you wanna waste money  and feel like you are in a hole in the wall back-eatery of somewhere 4th world,  then check this place out. i gave their boba 2 stars out of 5.....as i feel generous today.................
I unfortunately made it to the Grand Opening of Planet Boba. I am so sad that Juice House Boba is gone... 

The grand opening was extremely busy (buy 1 Boba get 1 Boba free), I ordered an avocado... the "new" owner said she was out of avocado. :( So I went for the mango. She was out of Mango, okay, well Taro. Taro they had... (I would hope so). They were also out of Boba and I had to wait 15 minutes for a fresh batch to finish cooking. Really? C'mon... well, it's grand opening, gotta get some kinks out... easily forgivable. 

Well, as I'm 15 minutes into waiting for my drinks... I still hadn't received the calamari I ordered. As I was sitting at the bar, I looked down at the cool refrigerated bar where they store their frozen fruits and I saw a big container of MANGO. I then see and hear the "new" owner take a Mango Boba order from an asian gentleman. WHAT?!?!?! So I turned and asked her, do you have mango? She again says, no, no mango right now. I get up from the bar seating to approach the gentleman that ordered the mango and ask him about his mango drink... it's then that the "new" owner who seems to be aware as to what I'm about to do tells the gentleman that she is out of Mango and he needs to order something else. (AT this point, I should've pointed out that she does have mango, I know what mango looks like, I'm half Filipino, though I do not really look it.) My drinks came out right then and I just grabbed them and left. 

This new owner obviously does not realize that it's truly mostly customer service that brings repeat business. I absolutely loved the previous owner and her no thrills but deliciously wonderful avocado and mango bobas that she made. She was a true owner that took an interest in her customers, I am sad that she moved back to Cali. 

As far as the drinks go, they were of very liquidy consistency and the bobas were overcooked. The calamari tasted like they purchased it premade with Italian seasonings on it. I'm actually quite confident it had Italian seasonings on them and they were heavily breaded. 

I frequented Juice House Boba on a regular basis making the 25 minute one-way drive at least once a week--with an owner that knew exactly what I wanted the moment I walked in. I 

I will not go back to Planet Boba (which now looks like a coffee shop franchise) and I will be telling my other "Boba drinking" friends to go back to Boba Tea House in Chandler. 

The owner can be assured of one thing... she gotta keep her frozen mango chunks, but she sure lost alot of business from Northeast Phoenix people.
Wait, is this Phoenix still?  

Completely unexpected selection, service, pricing, and sexy girls serving flavored happy.  Thought I was in another city.
I was so happy to find a boba place right around the corner so I wouldn't have to drive several miles to Lee Lee's or Asiana if I didn't feel like making my own.  I requested an iced soy latte boba (like I used to get from my old fave Eba Cafe) but they couldn't make a latte.  I settled for an iced green tea with boba (brewed, not powder). 

The boba had a nice, chewy texture but was totally flavorless.  They were also skimpy on the amount of boba that went in the cup.  The tea itself was bitter (my guess is that they let it brew too long).  All in all, I wasted my five bucks on that and won't be going back again.
Um... seriously?! Seriously, Phoenix?! You are in desperate need of a decent boba place, STAT!!!

I LOVE BOBA and at this point, I guess you can say I'm an amateur boba connoisseur because I drink it so often and have been to almost every boba place (in the world! hahahhaa jk).

Anyway, being in Phoenix for almost a week, my boba craving was getting outta control, so The Boyfriend and I found this place and drove 10 miles out to quench my thirst. 

I was pretty disappointed in the lack of options... I think their menu consisted of 10 boba drinks. I got the milk tea with boba and oh man, where do I start with all the things that were wrong with it?! Lemme just give the 2 basic but very important errors in this milk tea:

1. The milk tea itself was way too sweet. It was sickenly sweet to the point that it was bordering on barely resembling the taste of milk tea.
2. The boba was oh-so obviously day old boba that they had reheated (most likely in the microwave). That is the number one NO-NO to a boba shop. Don't use old boba... you're disgracing boba places everywhere.

Anyway, It gets 2 stars for having the guts to be the lone boba place in Phoenix area.

But if I ever move down there, I am going to give you a lesson or two on how to make decent boba.
If you are in the mood for a smoothie, this is the best smoothie place I have ever been. They have a huge variety including low fat at low carb smoothies.

I normally get a cranberry smoothie anywhere I go and end up getting heartburn. I get the cranberry crush smoothie at TSC and its very mild. I absolutely love it.

I have never actually been into the cafe before, so I cannot comment on the service or decor. I always send my assistant :)

The only reason I am giving this a 4 is because the food they serve is pretty average. Also, if you order fruit for a side, you literally get a piece of fruit. I ordered a veggie wrap one day and ended up with a whole orange, unpeeled, as my side. Kind of weird.
This place has the best wraps I've ever had.  The smoothie's are good as well, but I go here because of the wraps.
I HAVE FALLEN IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE!

I go on my way to work, and just love all the different smoothies that they have.  I think I have almost had everyone on the menu and I love adding the extra goodies like Spirulina or Whey Protein.  The person who owns it and their staff are hard working and put alot of effort into there stuff and you can taste the results.

Every sandwich on the menu is entertaining and not boring or the same ol same ol.  The bread used on the sandwiches is very fresh and soft as well.  The flatbead sandwichs are good too.

My favorite is the island combo where you can get half a sandwich and a smoothie for 6 bucks.  Just awesome.

oh, and also pick up a club card.  I have gotten a few free smoothies already.
This is the second Tropical Smoothie Cafe I have tried, after one in Chandler.  Since I tried it for the first time, I have had a craving for it again.  I don't remember what the sauce that they put on their ultimate club sandwich is... still don't, to be honest... but it was addictive!  I had to get it again.

This time, I had the same sandwich, along with the sunrise, sunset smoothie.  Both were exactly what I was looking for.  The smoothie was fruity and flavorful.  Apparently it's low calorie too, which is an added bonus.  The sandwich was full of flavor!  Tasty bacon, fresh veggies, good bread, and that sauce... no idea what is in it but I will go back for it again and again.

The down sides: it feels a bit too contrived and corporate for me; and the sandwiches seemed a bit on the small side for the price (the $6-7 range).  Overall though, a great experience.
I've only been to this place once but the smoothie I had was awesome!  I can't remember the name of the smoothie but it contained strawberries, bananas and orange juice (I think?). The consistency of the smoothie was thick and smooth all the way through. 

This place ranks number two on my smoothie list because it's hard to beat Jamba Juice!
Yo dude, your a douche, no man you are a douche. You'll never get laid... 
This is just a sneak peak of the ridiculous conversation I had to listen to while waiting for my sandwich today. The immature zit faced kid that rang me up, kept interrupting my order to banter with his coworker who was just wondering around the store front. I ordered the hummus veggie sandwich and the ONLY reason I gave this sh*t hole 1 star is because my sandwich was awesome. The behavior of these soon to be 40 year old virgins was enough to drive me to 3 Advil and never go back. The older gentlemen in the back who I couldn't figure out what his role was just argued with the teens and cracked lame jokes of his own. I find it impossible to believe that in this horrible economy THAT is the best they can do. 

The highlight of my visit is when the cashier started to mock a car in the lot then had the balls to turn to me and ask if it were mine. HELLO DUMB-ASS, usually you clarify this prior to making fun of it. Not sure if I was supposed to be impressed or what exactly the purpose of this behavior was supposed to prove. If I were the owner of this shop, I would be embarrassed and horrified.
My favorite smoothie shop in town. Great smoothies and good food as well.

I recommend the Peanut Butter flatbread with bananas and honey. Buffalo wrap has a good kick. 

Not cheap, but good and healthy. Nothing better gefore a hockey game.
This is definitely my favorite smoothie spot! I love the low cal varieties of smoothies and the turkey avocado sandwich. I can usually only eat half of the sandwich and half of the smoothie so it is nice to have left overs for later.
The Thai chicken wrap and salad are very good. Same goes for the smoothies. Prices are decent
Delicious.  Everything.  Sandwiches, Wraps, Salads, Cookies, Smoothies.  Good value for the money. Clean.

Here's the details:  The flat bread sandwiches are very inexpensive and delicious.  The Thai Chicken and Jamaican Jerk Chicken wraps are amazing.  They use some surprisingly different and fresh ingredients to make everything so much more special than run of the mill.  Immune Blast Smoothie kept me from calling in to work one day last winter...really, I was feeling so sick and then got one and was all better!  Speaking of Work, my co-workers took a poll and voted Blimey Limey as the one we all ranked in our top five smoothies.  The place is always clean, so is the restroom, and everyone hard working and friendly.  They do get busy though, so sometimes there can be a wait.  Call a head if you are in a hurry.
I don't know why but I seem to always crave smoothies on Sundays.  I always enjoy them, but seem to forget until Sunday when most smoothie places are closed; so this place being open on Sunday is a huge plus for me.

I got the Paradise Combo, which is a sandwich/wrap, a smoothie, and a side for $10.  Buffalo wrap and mango/pineapple smoothie were both very good, and at $10 I thought a good deal.  Their smoothies seem to be slightly more on the healthy side with ingredients like non-fat yogurt as opposed to sorbet or ice cream, but the flavor is certainly not lacking.

I am sure I will be returning the next time I have a Sunday smoothie craving.
We just stopped in earlier today to try to cool off from the heat. We missed the 'free smoothie' by a day (yesterday 6/15/12 was National Flipflop Day, apparently), but nonetheless we wanted to break away from our usual stop- Jamba Juice, and give this place a try. I've driven past it before as its near my old work as well as one of the best Philly cheesesteaks in the valley (Forefathers), but just never got around to stopping in.

The one thing I really liked is that, as opposed to Jamba Juice, they ACTUALLY have food! Not just pretzels! They have sandwiches, flatbread & wraps, amongst other items. However, we ate a couple hours earlier so we just came for the smoothies. 

We walked into your typical 'Hawaiian' ambiance, but at least it was clean and not OVERLY cheesy. The place was empty and we were instantly greeted as we walked in. The employee was very friendly and helpful. My wife got the Blue Lagoon and I got the Silky Peach (or something like that). Both were good, but I liked my wife's a little more. I didn't see if they had any 'free throw-ins' like they do at Jamba Juice, nor were we offered any, so I'm assuming they don't. They had some free samples of a peanut butter smoothie and flatbread sandwich on the counter, which we tried while we waited. Both were really good. 

I'll have to go back when I'm hungry to try the food, but the smoothies were definitely on-par to that of Jamba Juice.
The best veggie wrap!!! The flavor is fabulous!
Great in portion, its perfect :)
I love the beach bum smoothie and the southwest chicken wrap!
Stopped in when they were busy, ordered and waited for more than 20 minutes for 1 smoothie before giving up.

Ended up asking for our money back - their excuse - "We're not making them in any particular order".
Legit smoothie place. I prefer Jamba Juice but this place fits the bill when I'm in need of something healthy to drink near my job. The prices are slightly higher than Jamba too. Make sure to check the back table before ordering, they often have coupons sitting there waiting to be claimed. The service is okay. They have a limited food menu but I've never tried any food because nothing seems appealing.
My husband and I love going to this place.  He gets the jerk chicken and I get the thai chicken.  I like to experiment with different smoothies, my guy usually gets anything with strawberry.   My husband has a packet of coupons he gets every so often from his work and most of the time we use those, or find them in newspapers.  

I think $5 for a smoothie that is going to last me 5 minutes is a lot, but it's worth every dollar.  :)

Now I'm craving a smoothie!!!
Smoothies are one size: Big, so the $5.50 price tag is not completely out of line. They have a great selection of flavors and today I asked for an "older one" that apparently isn't on the menu any longer but they were glad to make it for me (they even knew what was in it already) and it was done SO FAST! Yay! In the past, I've had to wait quite a while when I've ordered a wrap or salad with my smoothie but this was nice, efficient, friendly (but not too friendly) service.

Overall, the menu items are a notch above fast food, but not too much above...microwaved meats and such; use your imagination...

I appreciate the calories counts online!
We love this place. 
Great Wasabi beef sandwich. 

And the smoothies are awesome. 

We drive out of our way to come here on a Sunday when we are shooting at Rio. 

The best is a great attitude and happy smile when you walk in.
I came here after hearing that they began offering Beyond Meat chicken-less strips. You can substitute this for any of the chicken dishes on the menu, from what I understand. Speaking of the menu, the one hanging behind the counter doesn't give much of a description so it made ordering a touch difficult. I chose to go with the thai chicken wrap. It was, in fact, quite good. Toasted on the outside and sliced in half. My only gripe was that one half seemed a to hold all the sauce and the other had little to none.
This is the 3rd year I've worked right down the street from this place, and this morning I'm trying their mocha smoothie.  Normally I get the Blimey Limey - but needed some caffeine today and this is just delicious.  The service is always friendly, and even when they're busy they manage to pump out the drinks quickly.  I'm somewhat partial 'cause I have a guy on my team who is addicted to these, so when I'm craving one it normally gets delivered straight to my desk... if you like smoothies, you'll dig this joint.
Having only been here once, and while it was super slow, I can't really give a full review.  However, I will say, the beyond meat option is fantastic, and makes for a yummy sandwich :)
I want to really like this place since it's so close to my work and we end up eating here all of the time, but it's almost as if they try to find new ways to upset me with inconsistencies and wrong orders.  Among the disappointments (besides the long wait times):

*Ordered a Thai Salad to go, got back to my office and opened it, it was a Thai noodle bowl.  
*Have had smoothie cups filled without about an inch or so of cup space to spare on top.  Are they not measuring ingredients or just rushing through orders? 
*Numerous salads served without dressing.  But they may have rectified that because now the salads are served pre-tossed with dressing. At least they were for one day.
*Wraps that are served scalding hot.  Maybe check the oven temperature gauge.  I've been burned so often with the Jamaican Jerk, that I'm afraid to order them anymore.

What made me finally write was today, while watching my smoothie get made, it may have been too thick, so the worker ran some tap water into the container a couple of times.  Good if you're mixing cement I suppose, but it made the smoothie runny and watery as I'm sure the tap wasn't the same temp as the rest of what had already been blended.  As a result, I got a watery blob that tasted like a weak slurpee.

The original owner ran a tight ship and kept the place spotless and consistent from order to order. Since he left a couple of years ago, this place has gone downhill in terms of quality, cleanliness, and service.  During some of my long waits, I've seen people stand in front of the counter for minutes on end before even being greeted.  You'd think even the blender operators who face the front of the store could at least throw them a "someone will be with you in a minute", but no they just act like they didn't see them walk in.

Alas, I'll be back just for the convenient location.
I just moved from VA and this was one of my favorite places to eat out there so I was thrilled to discover on out here in AZ! Sadly, the experience I had this evening might prevent me from every going back. 

When I arrived, there were two employees working behind the counter. One had a name tag that said "Jackson", the other was an bored looking girl with bleached blonde hair and no name tag. The bored girl unenthusiastically took my order and then got annoyed when I presented a coupon as though it greatly inconvenienced her to have to enter it in. Jackson stomped around in the background filling orders and just looking generally pissed off. 

I got my smoothie (delicious! One of the stars in my review is strictly for the smoothie) and sat at a table while I waited for my buffalo chicken wrap. As I was sitting, Jackson stomped over and started collecting straw papers off of the table which required him to awkwardly lean over me and had me wondering if I should just get out of his way. Thankfully my decision was made easily when my order was called out. I got up, took my bag, smiled and thanked the bored girl (who didn't smile or offer any pleasantries in return) and headed out to my car to eat because I couldn't take any more of the negativity hovering in that place. 

When I ordered, I had requested no ranch dressing. I opened my wrap....to find the inside completely drenched with dressing. I briefly considered going back inside to have them fix it, but at that point I was not up for dealing with the attitude that I know would have come had I done so I just tried to eat around it (have you every tried to eat around dressing? Yea, a lot of my wrap got tossed out). Minus the dressing, the wrap WAS fresh, hot, and well made so that's where the second star comes from. I still love the food and the smoothies so I may try and give it one more chance, but if I had to decide based on this experience alone, I would absolutely not go back.
I've been to Jamba Juice and I never like it. I'm not sure what they put in their smoothies because it always tastes bitter, grainy, and tastes like diet food. But at Tropical Smoothie it's always a flavor explosion of goodness in my mouth. I did learn a long time ago that I've never cared for TS' s food, so this review is solely based on their smoothies...although maybe they've made some changes in the last 15 years and I should try it...  Anyhow! Going to Tropical Smoothie, for me, is a rare treat and not something I do on a regular basis, 1) because I'm almost never near one, and 2) like coffee, it can get pricey.  So with that in mind, I couldn't care less how annoying the staff is. As long as my smoothie is mouthgasmic those rowdy, bored looking teens can do whatever they want. My favorites are the Peanut Butter Cup, Bahama Mama, Sunrise Sunset, Paradise Point, Beach Bum, TropiColada, and Pineapple Delight. Yum yum! I hope to never see Tropical Smoothie go out of business because their smoothies truly are the best ones I've ever had!
Was there today for flatbread, wrap and a smoothie with my wife after the gym. A customer accidentally took my smoothie when they called my name. I let the staff know and the first thing she said was we are really busy so..... I said I understand I am still waiting for my food so just wanted to let you know. When our food was brought out I let the other staff member know the situation and he seemed he didn't even want to stand there long enough to listen but he have me the same answer. We are really busy so idk when it will be done. I let him know if was not my fault and I would have liked to have my smoothie with my meal. There was only a rush of under 10 customers at the time, 2-3 families. End of story if did get my smoothie while I was still eating but the answers from the staff wasn't what I was expecting. But I don't except royal treatment from teenage staff at a smoothie place.
I come here at least once a week. Being a smoothie addict and all... This is hands down my favorite place. My recent obsession is the Island Green. It's perfect with an added protein boost. I haven't ordered food here, but today I was feeling adventurous. The honey ham and Swiss flatbread smells wonderful. Can't wait to hey my hands on my order.

May I just say, there is only one girl working and she's holding down the fort. She's neglecting the phone a bit, but she has present customers. She had to make an order of importance decision. Good call smoothie woman, I applaud your choice!
This is an awesome place!!! I love the healthnut smoothie. The wraps are too good. Thanks to living social coz that's how I found out this place. And this is one of my favs!!
I like their smoothies but their wraps and sandwiches are always inconsistent and pretty pathetic. Portion sizes and ingredients change time to time. For the price you pay for the sandwiches and wraps, totally not worth it. I'll just go there for smoothies if I guess...
Given that your a juice/smoothie fanatic, you'd spend the best part of a year gulping your way through Juice almighty's offerings.  

The 'Pink Drink' and 'Brain Buzz' are well-equipped to perk you up good and proper for the day ahead and for a reasonably price too.

A daily stew is up for grabs too, alongside some wraps and soups.
These days, you cant go any where without finding a run of the mill juice and/or smoothie place, that sells the same boring, standard and down right dissapointing, over priced crap over and over again.

Juice Almighty, thankfully, isnt one of those places. It has an amazingly large selection of all sorts of juices and smoothies, including some imaginativly named and very odd sounding ones. Not all of the recipies are great, some of them just taste plain wierd, but I'm sure enough people will like even the oddest sounding ones to make it work.

There is also a small se;ection of foods available, all of which is well pricesd and just as tasty as the smoothies.
I'm amazed no-ones commented on the absolutely fantastic pun in the name of this shop. Not too obvious, not resorting to smutty innuendo, and not remotely relevant to the shop. It's perfect in every way.

Sadly, it's a smoothie bar, and no matter how you name or wrap these products up, they still all taste like slightly off banana. I'd still urge you to visit though, if only to pass your hard-earned to an entrepreneur with a sense of humour.
Juice Almighty is a bit of a beezer!

Not only does its noble name suggest there is a lot of power up refreshments on offer, but this small assassin crouching just off Princes Street will attack all the nasty toxins in your body. Especially after a hangover!

It's small, but it knows how to pack a punch. Its modern interior and fun approach to healthy drinks makes it all the more appealing!

I'll admit, I wasn't brave enough to try the Popeye blend (it has SPINACH in it, whaaat?) but I was quite tempted by the Ginger Ninja. I ended up going for a fruity, zesty option and got more of my five a day than I have in a long time.

Great for a zap of energy that will make your body that bit healthier!
Juice Almighty is a fabulous smoothie bar that also offers a great selection of snacks to, on top of all that it has an awesome name! It's also set in a great location and since discovering it, whenever I get off the train at Waverly station I'll nip round here for a morning smoothie, what better way to start the day than getting stuck into your five a day?

As Stephanie has mentioned, the breakfast bags are ace and I'm not usually one for breakfast but this is perfect for me as nothing is too heavy and you can choose from a variety of goodies all of which are super healthy.

I love this place and I'm really in the mood for a smoothie now!
Wow!  That's the word I'd use to describe the smoothies at Juice Almighty.  I'm a complete sucker for smoothies - if I could drown in anything (and I have no wish to drown unless absolutely necessary), I would drown in some kind of fruit-based smoothie.

The aroma in the shop is enough to stir even the most reserved saliva gland, and the knowledge that you will be getting a good few portions of fruit for the day in one smoothie will sooth the mind.  Now, I'm not blown away by these super food thingys, so I tend to stick with some of the more classic combinations.

A great shop - perfect for a cool refreshing release from a long day shopping in the summer.  Give them a go, and drink in the oh so fruity amazingness!
went here today with a friend to have him try a coffee smoothies I had at another location...  totally was excited to have him try it.... 

womp womp.

it was horrible.  you'd think everything would taste the same even if it was at a different location.  [it is a franchise]  the recipes are provided with the franchise usually.. and with specific instructions i assume?

yeah. no. 

it was watery and had no flavor!  I guess they just weren't into it yesterday? not into serving what their supposed to be serving?  get it together yo!  everything should be as expected! duh!
Tropical Smoothie is Tropical Smoothies. It's always hit or miss, always depends on who's making your drink and preparing your food. I give it an extra star only because its dine-in is open 24 hours.
It's a smoothie place, I'm not sure what else can be said. They take fruit, ice, and other ingredients, blend them up and make smoothies.

They have a pretty solid menu of smoothies, and a bunch of boosters, I've never been a huge fan of smoothies, but if the mood strikes Tropical Smoothie works out well
I like smoothies at 3 in the morning, so I like Tropical Smoothie.  I like the Sunrise, Sunset made with Splenda and whey protein.  Yum.
I got the Acai Berry Smoothie and I really enjoyed it. It was perfect for a hot day before the lake. I also ordered a sandwich that I found delicious. The one thing that I ddi like about this place was that they are now open 24 hours. This makes it easier when you want to eat late but don;t want that greasy fast food. Overall, a good experience.
Acai berry boost...delicious!!! Quick friendly service. Open 24 hours
Always a good lunch stop...super friendly staff and nice location right off the 215.
This is my weekday lunch spot.  Smoothies are consistently good, staff is friendly, and service is fast.  The Acai Berry Boost is delicious.  Something about the smell of a smoothie place just makes you feel good.  Wish this location had a drive thru for those hot summer afternoons.
30 minutes for lunch...jump in the car and head to Tropical Smoothie Cafe
24 minutes left...Arrive at TSC and open the door - ARGH a line!
22 minutes left...wow, that line moved fast, I'm ordering!
20 minutes left...waiting with several other folks for our smoothie/wraps/etc...
18 minutes left...Got my wrap...smoothie folks still scoopin and churnin...
17 minutes left...Got my smoothie and grab a table
15 minutes left...BRAIN FREEZE - ok, slow down, eat some wrap, close eyes and wince
12 minutes left...that wrap was scrumptious (I know, who uses that word right?)
10 minutes left...back in the car, still half a smoothie left to sip
4 minutes left...walking back into work, plenty of time, still sippin my smoothie

Gotta say, this place has very tasty and healthy treats, they are faster than you expect, and the service is great and efficient. They've got a loyalty card, so your tenth item is free.
-1 star = Not a drive through location which sucks.
-2nd star = their food tastes are not consistent with other Tropical Smoothie Cafes.

But there is outdoor seating, and sometimes they WILL get it right.
If I could I would give 0 star. I came in at 1:30am to get some food for my road trip. I was really excited to try this place out.
I walked in and a girl named asiaaaaa walked out with the crappiest attitude and said what would u like? I ordered the Thai chicken and she said what sides? I couldn't hear her husky voice so I said I'm sorry what was the sides again? And she repeats very slowly as I'm a child with mental issues. See I'm fair and honest. But if u insult me especially at a restaurant I'm gonna give u the worst attitude back. Other wise this place looks tropical and it's close to my house but their hiring manager need to do their jobs right as in hiring the right type of people. This isn't the type of crap service anyone deserves.
I never really know how to feel about Tropical Smoothie. I know it has the guise of being good for you, but they do add sugar or Splenda to thir drinks. What am I to believe?!?

I do like the smoothies and food here, but it is not a daily or even weekly hangout for me. I like to make my own veggie smoothies and I know I do it cheaper than $5 a pop. Food is okay, too, but again, I feel a little too much on the "healthy" side to actually be healthy. 

On the day in question I ordered a smoothie with mango, strawberry, orange, and pineapple. I wanted to put a lil rum in there and call it summertime, but I guess I will just have to wait. Service was friendly and smoothie arrived in record time. You win this time, Tropical Smoothie Cafe, but I'll get you one of these days.
Summer is upon us, and a smoothie is a great way to get a bit of relief from the heat.  There's plenty of Tropical Smoothie Cafe's through out the valley, but I'm not sure if they are all exactly the same.  Some details for this particular location:

Happy hour 5pm-7pm daily, second smoothie is $1.99.
Free wifi
Outdoor shaded seating
Open 24 hours

All of these things make for decent alternative to studying or working from your laptop at home.
I love this location! The staff is very friendly and I love the fact that they bring the food directly to your table. The manager is also very friendly and frequently helps his staff out and actually takes those extra little steps like: Would you like regular sugar or Splenda? Also, would you want a stamp card? The latter is crucial for me since I frequently come here for lunch.

Their Veggie Hummus Wrap is amazing and I am glad that they have this option in their menu.

I usually get the Island Green, its good but not amazing. 

Their sandwiches are better.
i love the island green smoothie
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  Some of the younger cashiers who aren't very helpful. The salads and noodle bowls.

LIKE  The Wasabi Caesar Roast Beef sandwich. The Early Bird wrap. Most of the smoothies. The tropical ingredients and supplements.

LOVE  Open 24 hours.
I always order the chocolate chiller and the Buffalo chicken wrap or the delicious chicken ceasar salad. Didn't realize this location is 24 hours and so close to home!
One of my favorite places for lunch. The food is always great and inexpensive. The smoothies are all incredible. The employees are always very polite and helpful. Chicken cordon blue wrap is phenomenal and isn't on the menu. Highly recommended.
This location is terrible. I have been to multiple tropical smoothie cafs in the past and always get King Ceasar wrap, which is usually amazing. It tasted nothing like the norm here, was much smaller and didn't even include the pickles on the side.

Don't bother coming here.
Hands down my favorite place to grab lunch for healthy wraps and smoothies. A must try is the chicken cordon blue wrap (which isn't listed on the menu) and the Acai berry smoothie. The staff are always extremely friendly and the service is exceptional. Highly recommend checking out tropical smoothie for the best smoothies in town. Enjoy.
I used to go to this location a lot a couple years ago.  I stopped going, because the workers were REALLY rude...they actually made fun of a selection that I made for my smoothie.  

Yesterday, I was craving a coffee nut smoothie with dark chocolate before disc golf, so I stopped in. 

Much better service.  The guy was great.  Very polite, very quick, and I got a discount because I'm an LVAC member.  (Not all locations offer this)

The  location was clean, and the only reason that there is only 3 stars, is that the tables were kind of in disarray, like they were in the middle of cleaning or rearranging and just stopped.  

I'd go back again.
I stopped in here because of.... the prices. I thought that under 5 bux for a smoothie was a great price. The smoothie itself was
fine, certainly worth the price. A chain is a chain, but the staff was certainly helpful and willing to please. 
 Typical shopping mall chain ambiance, but for the price, I will be back and search others in my travels.
I enjoy the shakes but the owners of this place ruin the experience. I believe they are two brothers that need a serious attitude change. I mean common.. charging $5 for a ice smoothie that costs you 50 Cents aren't you making enough. Stop being so stingy smile and be happy that you are ripping people off. I think that shouldn't be too difficult.
Read menu closely, they deceivingly add sugar to all their smoothies using clever words on the menu to disguise it : "all 24 oz smoothies have turbinado added" should read something like: "Warning, we add sugar to all of our smoothies" WTF people! Isn't fruit already supposed to be sweet enough? And forget about organic, the guy behind the counter didn't even know the difference between conventionally grown and organic. Avoid.
God can you give me a list of workers who make the drinks . Some make it good but then 85% of the time it taste like shit and watered down
Don't buy anything from Sabrina. She offered me a pre-made smoothies and she put it back to the fridge when I said No to her. Plus you expect unfriendly service. Attention to the Manager/Owner please check your camera. It happen around 9:45pm.
Great food. Prices are a Lil on the high side for grab and go food. But still great.  Wraps can get soggy quick.  Order light sauce
I come here almost everyday. I really like them because they are will to put my vitamins in the smoothie. They also take orders my phone and have them ready within 10mins.
As soon as we walked in, we got an "Aloha!" and the great customer service didn't stop there. The husband/wife duo was super helpful and as soon as my mom said we'd never been here, he was quick to point out all his favourite drinks plus their frequent buyer program.
I had the Pele's Cup which is a normal mocha but with cinnamon mixed in. It was really great - they use coffee actually from Hawaii and it was woody and nutty, a very great coffee flavour. The only thing was that the final sip was more cinnamon mud than coffee but that can be solved my stirring it as you drink, instead of just letting it settle like I did. Then, since we had sat down to wait for our drinks, the guy brought them right to us. Great service!
The decor and music was completely themed making you feel as if you were at a tiki bar on the beach in Maui, not in the middle of Phoenix. Great alternative to Starbucks or It's a Grind! I'll definitely be going back.
Awesome alternative to starbucks.  The service was good, and the two drinks I got (chiller mocha and tropical temptation smoothie) were excellent.  The prices seemed a bit high, but it was made up for in quality of their product.
$10 for a small and a medium sized smoothie seems a bit high, but perhaps not so if you consider buying Starbucks and you're not even getting the fruity nutrition.  What is off putting is I asked for a glass of water after paying, and the girl stated it's another 25 cents and just kept apologizing mutiple times afterwards.... I just spent $10, seriously I could not get a small cheapie plastic cup of water to chase down the smoothie (you know how cloyingly sweet they can be...)?!
I know they're trained to say "aloha!" when I walk in, but it always feels sincere. When I'm done being all giddy about treatment as a valued customer, I usually order the white chocolate mocha. Maui has the best! There are a few hot and cold items here for ya, and a lot of awesome smoothies. Sizes are medium, large, and tiki. Tiki is a bit pricey, but comes in an enormous cup you get to keep.

My knowledge of Hawaii is very limited, but if I wanted to expand on that, there are plenty of surf/culture magazines scattered about the table. I just end up sniffing all the beans between every sip. The brews are that good!
Best coffee in town Smoothies are top noch owner is great staff is awesome
I love this place! When I walked in, I was greeted with an "Aloha!" All the smoothies are delicious! And all the baked goods are great, too. Try the Apple cinnamon pecan muffin!! yummy! They also have a wide selection of Hawaiian coffees and treats to buy and take home. This place is a hidden gem!
Fast. Friendly. Inexpensive. 

They have a point system so you can eventually get some free items :-)
Free is always a plus in my book! 

Amazing Iced Coffee. Staff is upbeat and always willing to help.
Hale maui~ Maui Wowi Hawaiian Coffee & Smoothies for the most delicious cup of pure Kona coffee you will find any where around Phoenix!  Ho'omaika'i 'ana to Maui Wowi on brewing such a fine Kona roast that will leave you wanting more.

The Maui Wowi offers both pure Kona and blended brews and have both whole beans and ground to sell should you want to brew your own.  Sure you'll pay more for the pure cup of Kona goodness, but it's well worth it.  They wait to grind it until when you order it.  Then they use a java press to extract all of that Kona deliciousness into your cup.   

They offer a wide variety of fresh cut fruit smoothies that are also very good and they offer hot and iced coco, some treats and other goodies.  They pack their fruit smoothies with more fruit than what you will get at most other places.  

This is a place to add to your list of places around Phoenix that I need to try!  

Mahalo nui loa.  A hui hou kakou, Aloha oe!!
I do not drink a lot of coffee any more.  My friend Arlin B recommended this place and it is next door to the post office where I drop my Netflix rentals.  No matter when you go in the staff is very friendly and the place just smells good.  While I have had Kona coffees I prefer (notably of late at Hulas) I have chosen the Molokai blend here as my favorite.
Awesome staff awesome drinks Awesome atmosphere love this place
i love this place! tropical feel, very cute inside, the owner is nice! and the drinks are good! coffee or the fruit smoothies are both wonderful. If i don't know what i want they are very good and suggesting something i might like and i usually love it!
As far as franchise coffee shops go, this particular location rocks outt pretty hard. The owners Gary and Lisa are dedicated to their craft and it shows in their meticulous preparation of the many varieties of beverage offered here. Smoothies are sweet and refreshing (and refreshing comes in as near necessity in the Arizona summers). Coffee is smooth and roasty and their americanos make for a great alternative to a cup of brewed heaven. 

All of their coffee offerings are a blend of hawaiian and other arabica beans roasted to various degrees to bring a rich nutty sweetness. Additionally, they offer a 100% hawaiian coffee prepared in a french press which, as far as small franchise shops go, is a pretty rare treat. All of their beans are roasted within weeks of use (or sale) and they offer whole bean bags retail so you can bring the taste of Maui home with you to do with as you please.

The staff is friendly and helpful, you're greeting with an "Aloha" upon entering and left with a heartfelt "Mahalo" on your way out. Gary specifically is very knowledgable about the art of coffee brewing and constantly reminding the baristas to strive for the "god shot" - a 2 ounce, 24 second rich caramely double espresso shot which they add to all of their espresso beverages. 

Coffee Snob Section:
The espresso beans are ground just prior to pulling the shots, the shot timing is right on for a full 2oz and the flavor is typical Kona (nutty) with a mild caramel sweetness and finishes smoky. The roast is a tad dark to showcase the mild sweet floral notes of Kona but the blend itself is only 20% Kona to begin with (IIRC) so this is less of a gripe and more of "just how it is." Also, I tend to prefer ristrettos (~1.5 ounce doubles from ~16g of coffee) but since the resulting espresso is mostly destined for sweetened lattes or frozen cappuccinos (their blended espresso smoothies) I won't be critical on this point.

Overall, this coffee shop is exactly what it claims to be, and then some. The atmosphere is fun and "islandy," the staff is helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly, the coffee is a notch above the rest of glendale's attempted coffee houses and overly scattered Starbucks, and the smoothies hit the spot on hot summer days. I'd recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for a good place to sip some java and take a load off. 5 stars well deserved.

PS. Their Island pulled pork sandwiches are delicious, but they only have a limited supply for lunch, so grab em up while you can!
I've been coming to this place semi-regularly since they opened, and I love the drinks and service.  You always get a friendly welcome and the staff is eager to explain the menu.

I'm a chocolate-lover so I usually order a Frozen Hot Koko with almond flavoring...SOO  GOOD!!!

The only thing keeping it from 5 stars are the prices.  Like most places, prices are set so that the large is the best value, but a pair of larges for me and the gf runs about $20, so we only go a few times a year.  Still they have a few ways to save- a loyalty card program and loyalty tiki cups.
Good coffee and Frozen drinks. But the place is not terribly comfortable for my purposes (sitting to write for a few hours when my schedule dictates). Overall, I'd go back again, just not to sit and write.
Staff is friendly. Smoothies are a little sugary for my taste. Coffee is great.
I love this place, go there at least 3 times a week. The staff is great, the drinks are great, as well as the place in general. Highly recommend them over starbucks.
they closed!
I LOVE this place thousand times better than Starbucks!  Worth Every penny and QUALITY.
So not vegan or vegitarian but had to try this place.  Good prices, around 6.50 a plate and very sizeable portions. I had the Golden Roll Vermicilli and boyfriend had the Hawaiin "burger".  I really enjoyed my dish but bf not so happy with his,.... i think because he knew it was vegan tho! Loved the interior, real bright and clean.  Entire menu is vegan and they promote a green way of life.  While waiting on our food to go they were kind enough to give us each a glass of a new smoothie they were testing out.  Loved it. Would go back for that alone. Tasted like Jamba Juice but knew it was better since vegan! Deff going back. Nice menu variety as well...only downer is hours. Monday thru Sat 11am till 9pm and CLOSED on Sundays
Disclaimer: I am a Vegetarian.

Today I checked out the newly opened Loving Hut on 35th Ave & Union Hills in North Phoenix. The food was fantastic.

I ordered the NY "steak" combo (pic: http://twitpic.com/3qbwy ), which came with a soup of the day (very tasty vegetable soup), rice (brown or white), some side veggies (cabbage, carrots, snap peas) and eggplant with tofu.

The eggplant with tofu was very good, the skin was not chewy at all like in many other eggplant dishes, it almost melted in my mouth and it was very tasty.

The actual NY "steak" was more like a crispy faux chicken, but it was still pretty good and came with a curry dipping sauce.

They also have a wide variety of other food menu items. The drink menu is also impressive. Many fresh made juices, smoothies, teas, etc. I opted for a not-so-exotic Jasmine iced tea and added some organic brown sugar found on the counter.

My entire meal including my drink was about $9 and left me with a full belly. Plates range around $6 - $10.

The only downside I saw with this place is the "supermastertv", which is playing on two ~42" plasmas hanging on opposite walls of the dining room. The channel is playing animal rights groups & animal cruelty content nonstop. To be clear, I have no problem with advocating no harm to animals, but I don't want to see slaughterhouse videos and animal abuse footage while I am eating. I would be much more comfortable if they played some other non-graphic content there.

Overall I was very satisfied and I will be turning this into a regular lunch & dinner spot.
I went to Loving Hut's grand opening on Sunday the 19th.  They prepared a variety of food for us to sample, and it was delicious.  I especially liked the chow mien and the fried "shrimp."  The Pink Lady was also good.  I think it is a mixture of cranberry juice and soy milk with crushed ice - very refreshing!

I have been waiting for more veg options on the west side, and I will definitely be going back!
I tried LH last week before thier Grand Opening. I was definatly surprised by the various types of dishes they offered. 

I opted to chicken out and get the fried rice with soy chicken. IT WAS GREAT. 

They mentioned that the steak wrap and burger are the best tasting dishes but I was a little bit afraid to eat a fake burger. lol

They offered me a couple glasses of Lemonade while I waited and it might have been the best I have ever had. 

The prices seemed reasonable and the place was spotless. 

I will be back and maybe I can raise it one more star.
If the opening of a new vegetarian restaurant is cause for me to celebrate, just imagine how happy I was after I tasted the food!

Jeremy and I checked Loving Hut on Friday for dinner.  It's a really cute place, spotlessly clean and the staff is very sweet and helpful with suggestions.

I had the steak sandwich (one of their chef's choice dishes) and it was great!  The steak itself was delicious, served on crusty french bread with crisp marinated veggies.  I had a beautiful orange-cranberry juice drink called the Orange Joy as well.  Mmmmm!

I can't wait to go back again this week and try something new.  Everything looks great and I'm so pleased to have a veggie place on the north side of town.
Happy to see that a vegan restaurant has finally come to my neighborhood. My sister and I were immediately greeted by a member of the courteous and helpful staff who offered us a complimentary mushroom soup. There are several things to choose from and finally decided to start with the spring rolls and each ordered the be-veg lunch(which included asparagus, tofu,and white rice), mumbai spirit to drink and carrot cake for dessert.  All were fresh and delicious and the menu prices are very reasonable. I will soon be returning to try more!
Here's my take:

The food is great, for vegan stuff, everything I've tried there (Spicy Chacha & BBQ Beef Noodles) is delicious.

That said, the ambiance is a little depressing, almost sterile.  Also on the negative side, they also don't take American Express, which is a bummer since they have a MAJOR American Express facility only a city block away and not accepting this card has been a deterrent for me coming in more often.  Lastly, the service is spotty at best.  They have table set up but you need to order from the counter and the place is not setup where that is intuitive.  I had to ask for silverware multiple times before I was brought it and they served me my food backwards (entree, appetizer, then soup).  Which was a little weird.

But back to the food.  I would say I was very pleasantly surprised.  All my dishes I really couldn't tell that what I was eating wasn't the real meat.  Whatever substitutes they use, they masterfuly crafted it.  So since I write my reviews on the quality of the food more than the ambiance, I give it 3 stars.

In summary, if what you are looking for is good food, vegan, healthy, without knowing that it's vegan this is a great place.
Went to Loving hut with my GF for a Vegetarian Society Meet Up.

Food is pretty simple but good and service is fast. If you are in the west valley this is your spot. if you are not in the West Valley check out Vegetarian house for a similar setup.

We got the steak sandwich which was not bad, but nothing to write home about either.

The Supreme Master TV stuff is funny and entertaining.
This is NOT a place to take your meat-eating friends that have not experienced a vegan restaraunt! I love trying new vegan restaraunts and was sad about this one. The food is just not that great, I think they could do much better.

Do not order the chicken salad, it is a few peices of veg chicken on top of a bed of shredded cabbage with squeezed lemon, that's it! The sweet & sour chicken is not so great either, or the Hawaiian Burger...

The pink lady drink is great though.

Definetly try this if you like veg food, but again dont try to impress meat-eaters with this place...
Tried this place out a couple weeks ago with my Fiancee. She is Vegan, I am not, but I'm very open to meat alternatives. We both really enjoyed our food. We started with the spring rolls, which had an excellent dipping sauce. I had the Jasmine Ice Tea that had a great flavor for an unsweetened Ice tea. My fiancee ordered the Sweet and Sour "Chicken" and really liked it, which is good as sometimes she does not like the fake meat. I ordered the Spicy Cha Cha, which is breaded soy shrimp. The breading was well seasoned, crispy and not greasy. I used the spring roll dipping sauce for the shrimp and would recommend getting a dipping sauce with this dish. All in all it was great experience. My fiancee's only suggestion is the have more veggie dishes not based on fake meats.
Given the limited options of vegetarian fare in Phoenix, this place is worth checking out. Nestled in the endless amounts of shopping strip malls, Loving Hut sticks out like a sore thumb with their spotless tables and fluorescent lighting.

++
- menu has a good variety of Asian and "western" food, plus a whiteboard filled with new items available for selection
- order and pay at front, sit and wait for your food, avoid servers breathing down your neck
- the cute little Asian women who are so sweet I could take them home and have them cook for me all the time
- clean clean clean!

- -
- the "beef" in the vermicelli was overly chewy and too salty
- wonton soup was pretty oily, could see droplets on the top of my soup
- NO SRIRACHA?! (Asian hot sauce popularly known as Rooster sauce)
- both TVs had breaking news about how we're destroying the planet via global warming and images of swine flu outbreak....not very appetizing...

I'd probably come again to try other things on their menu, but I'd prefer an ease up on the propaganda...
See the amazing family  attempt to eat vegan!! 
Watch the brave kids eat fake burgers!! 
Observe the care and balance of the waiter/server/host  who attempts to amuse the meat eating group as they  balance the high wire of going green! 

We had a fun and adventure trying out the local vegan place that we would love to love.. but it's just not  in our future. 

Fresh and bright inside , the decor screams: I am earthy , and healthy and well thought out .  I give it two thumbs up for the refreshing design. ( except that blasted TV with "SuperiorMaster"  TV channel from a Satellite Planet located somewhere near the moon of vegan. 
The place was empty at 4 , I hope they have more business later , they really need a better location and more informative signage. 

We gave a shot trying out Vegan burger with fries, they tasted okay from all accounts but not enjoyed. My husband had the only winner at the table "Cha Cha Chicken"  tasty and good texture. I would order it if you made me go back . My meal was the loser ..it had 5  fake shrimp and big huge bright green bean pods ..very snappish ..I felt well Beaned.  
 Youngest kiddo avoided the whole adventure with a bowl of 
rice ..wimp. 

We all decided if we were vegan we would like this place and be happy to come back .. but we are  steak loving, dairy drinkers with our eyes on the leftovers in the fridge when we came back. On to another adventure!
I dropped by Loving Hut today on the raving recommendations of my chiropractor, who is a vegetarian.  

The meals look like they are interesting and worth a try.  I tried the Hawaiian Hamburger based on the server's recommendation.  Tasted like a pretty good hawaiian hamburger.  No fakeness.  Even on my way to work with the stuff in the styrofoam box, it smelled like a burger and fries.

I enjoyed the Pink Lady drink.  Very tasty.

They have coffee's there as well... might be worth a try since I'm more into coffee than vegetarian food.

What kicked this place down to 3 stars?

Supreme Master TV.  What a bunch of propaganda!  You'd think Supreme Master Ching Hai was their sister with how much they forced that woman down your throat!  Don't get me wrong, she has great intentions, but that place was bordering on obsession and it was a little too extreme, even for my taste.

I ordered my food and it took 40 minutes to get my food so I could leave and go to work.  I ended up showing up at work late because I had already ordered and I wasn't about to waste the $12 I had spent by just leaving.  The lady apologized to me THREE TIMES.  I'm sorry, but if you have to apologize more than once, FIX IT.  Don't keep coming back to apologize for my to-go order being late.

Being late kind of ruined the whole experience for me, so I'll have to try it again later when I'm not in a hurry.
My wife suggested the loving hut. Was I a little disappointed? Sure, I was seeking something much more heavy, for lack of a better word, however, the visit was enjoyable.

I was raised vegetarian, so the food wasn't a stretch for me. I was more concerned with the atmosphere. I didn't want to dine in a preachy, new age joint. That is exactly what this place is. 

A television tells you that you will soon be going to hell (literally) if you commit any of the sins located on a scrolling list. Those sins include shooting a firearm, eating meat, etc. The presentation of this information is light, colorful and supplemented with a photo of a panda. So strange. Initially, I wasn't sure if this was an element of humor or an actual philosophy. After watching the television for another few minutes, I came to realize that the programming was a product of a television network. More of their programming aired and it was along the same lines. 

Enough with the message.

The food was delicious, cooked properly and the presentation was cute. The portions are on the smaller side, but from a health-themed restaurant, that is general standard fare. The mixed drinks, no booze, were equally enjoyable. I've tried the "steak" sandwich, orange "chicken" and one of the pasta dishes. I would recommend them all. My wife is a fan of the golden rolls and the golden wantons, both come with a sesame sauce that is a perfect compliment.

My largest complaint is that the menu offers no descriptions. There are pictures with the name of the dish and from that point on, its a guessing game. Same with the drinks, which is even more annoying because a glass of a bright green liquid doesn't give me any hint as to whether I would enjoy it or not. The names are cute instead of informative, so you're truly either going to ask a million questions or take a leap. 

Based on the food, I would give the place a much higher rating, but a dining experience is based on much more than food.
Living in San Francisco I would frequently see this place, but would always decide on a non-chain veg place instead. Here in Az it's a lot harder to find an all vegetarian or vegan place! So I went. All in all, it was pretty good, the portions on some of the things were kind of small and I'm pretty sure they use a boca burger in the hawaiian burger, and boca burgers have a foul taste to them. The sauce and accompaniments definitely made up for it, though. The sushi rolls I would not get again, they had a fake ham in them, which doesn't even make sense to me and I didn't like. Their sweet and sour mock was really great as was the curry and the soup they give at the beginning. The drinks were fabulous but they didn't have their vegan ice cream that day, which was a major bummer. I will definitely be going there again when I'm in the vicinity, but stay clear of those sushi rolls!
I first went to Loving Hut on the second day it was open. I ordered the Chow Mein, which was good enough, but nothing special. I also ordered the cheesecake, which won me over a bit more. The service was extremely slow, but I figured it was because of it being the first week. Overall, the experience was satisfying, but not great.

Since then, I've gone quite a few more times and ordered the Hawaiian Burger as well as the Steak Sandwich, both of which I highly reccommend! The service has picked up a bit, but of course, it takes a little longer than your average restaurant. However, the various soups that you're given while you wait for your meal are delicious and well worth it. The Pink Lady drink is also really good, as long as you can get over the fact that you'll look like you belong on "Sex and the City" while you're drinking it. 

Overall, 4 stars to Loving Hut for giving the city of Glendale something good for once.
I really want this restaurant to be successful. The staff is cheerful, and the west valley desperately needs more vegetarian-friendly restaurants. I can't give it a higher review because the food was rather bland, and they do not serve quinoa. In fact, the server had never heard of quinoa which is bizarre for a vegetarian place. It looks like the restaurant is just a few months old, maybe in a few more months it will improve and I can give it a better rating.
I am vegetarian but I think anyone could enjoy this place.  It is tasty!

We were pleased with everything we ordered.  I found the Exquisite Curry to be fantastic but really, everything I tasted was very good.  The menu is exciting and I can't wait to try more.  The service was sweet and I loved the Happy Go Lucky drink.  I look forward to going back!  I'd eat there a lot if it was closer to me...
I am not yet vegetarian and as long as big ol' unattractive pigs that inhabit the planet and taste like bacon are roaming around, well...

I'm trying very hard to eat Vegetarian, sorta hard to eat Vegan (since I'm lactose intolerant, mostly) and minimally to eat Raw Vegan. But the latter is my ultimate body-loving goal - at least 80% of the time! But you're not reading this to hear about my culinary goals.

This month, the S.O. and me have dubbed December 2009 - Vegetarian Month. Sadly, it had only been two days and I was already craving meat for dinner so I made my 3rd visit to Loving Hut - Glendale.

First off, let's discuss the Location: I now (temporarily) reside in Glendale and this location is a pain in the @$$ even for me. Sheesh! It's near nothing of importance and if I were these brilliant enterprisers, I would search for a more convenient location for the veg-loving crowd.

Now, onto the Food and Service! The reason I gave this place 4 stars follows:

1) Phoenix, the sweet, customer service-oriented server

2) The Mongolian Wonder dish at a mere $7.25. If you try nothing else here, eat this dish, people! Trying to convert an Ominivore?  Feed 'em this and don't tell them it's not meat. If I could learn how to convert soy protein (which I try not to eat too much of due to it's estrogen-mimicking...), I would never touch red meat again without even a second thought. I don't know what's in the "homemade spices", but this meal is a brilliant substitute for the real thing. Have it with the steamed rice. I usually find white, steamed rice boring, but in this case, you don't want any flavors competing with this masterpiece. Oddly, though, it doesn't come with the rice but it's only an additional $1.50.

3) The simple message of doing our part to save the planet just by changing our diet works for me, even if only part-time. The decor is minimalistic and effective.

4) The water served before your meal is infused with orange and totally changes how i feel about restaurant water. I pass on straight-from-the-tap-water. Shut up! I know I'm a bit snobbish.

5) The Golden wontons are a yummy sub to the cream cheese-filled crab angels one usually gets at Asian-style restaurants. The orange joy is yummy but a bit pricey at $3.25 as is the Mumbai Spirit Chai.

6) There are a few products for sale should you wanna try and replicate something tasty you've had there. I've had no such luck but bought the products anyway. The Veggie "chicken" are ok. 

Why I don't give Loving Hut 5 stars:

1) Location. Union Hills and 35th Ave.  Please MOVE!

2) The hours. I sometimes "forget" to eat and once made a concentrated trek way over to their location to try it for the first time only to find it closed. Arghh...There is a  2 hour time frame between 3 and 5 when they are closed.

3) Soy - Do your own research, but too much soy is just not healthy, yet it is in nearly every dish on the menu. Then the question is whether or not the soy is organic. Cause if it ain't, it's probably GMO (Genetically-Modified Organisms), and you don't wanna go there. I'll have to ask about that next time. 

4) Not gonna go into detail but the whole "Supreme Master" thing kind of has a cult-like feel to it. But no one's trying to make me join anything, so I don't dwell.

5) I was very unimpressed on my 1st visit but decided to try again. The fried rice was dry and not very flavorful. And their "Golden Beauty" which is a much less flavorful and less salty version of The International Vegetarian House's Lemongrass "chicken", tasted very...soy-ee.

6) I'm not into the "Go-up-to-the-counter-and-place-your-order-then-I'll-bring-your-food-to-you" thing. I believe in full serve at a restaurant, especially if you're expecting me to tip.

7) It's a chain. Who knew?

Bottom line: If you're looking for a new vegetarian restaurant to try and you have time on your hands to make the hike to the most inconvenient location on the planet (heh, heh...I'm such an exaggerator), then try this place at least once. And if you're craving beef, go for the Mongolian Wonder dish. You won't be disappointed.

(Later in) December 2009 update: Oh my! The Hawaiian burger is absolutely divine. I LOVE IT!

Also, I received a message from Loving Hut regarding this review. They wanted me to know that they are NOT-FOR-PROFIT, the location is family-owned and that the main goal of the restaurant is to promote "compassion". Awwww....Cool points awarded, Loving Hut! 

You still get 4 stars from me but as you requested, I will return!
Let me start this review by getting a small rant out of the way, stick with me here. I understand people who are not vegan come here, some enjoy it, some don't. What I don't get is people spending half their review talking about how much they love meat, dairy, dead things that used to have a mother, etc :-). It makes you look like more of a jackass because you are lauding it at a restaurant that is explaining why to go Vegan all over the walls and TV!! Yes, I am a Vegan, but don't tell me I don't "understand", I was an omnivore for 28 years who used to eat lots of all kinds of meat, cheese, dairy and NEVER ever considered going Vegan - that argument doesn't fly with me. If you are interested there is a wealth of information out there so get educated. It's a process for most(like me) but a rewarding one and you might just surprise yourself. I am always willing to talk to anyone about my "experience" as what most of society would call me " a non traditional vegan".

Anyone still reading? Ok good, now onto Loving Hut. This review is really more of a 3-3.5 review but since it's a new vegan place in Phoenix metro it gets a 4 in my book. I think they could do much better in a better location, CenPho anyone? That being said, I work close by and this section of N Phx seems like anti-vegan land. So the fact that I have a 100% vegan place to go for lunch in this area is a bonus for me, although I am constantly going there alone since none of my coworkers would ever set foot in such a place(see "jackass" comment above).

Most of the food here is decent, the eggplant and tofu is a good dish with a side of brown rice. The BBQ sandwich is also very good. I enjoy most of their apps as well, I had the Hawaiian burger once and wasn't that impressed - I make a better veggie burger at home(probably healthier too). Don't mistake this for health food, but its better then your standard meal at the local Chili's. Let's face it, people don't go out to be as healthy as possible, everything in moderation though(well not EVERYTHING).

The staff is always very friendly and the prices seem reasonable on most of the dishes. I would rather create a Vegan meal at home then drive here for dinner, but for lunch when I need it, it works and I enjoy it. I hope they stay around and in business, I wouldn't be heartbroken though if they moved to an area where a vegan establishment might do better.

PS. They changed the names on the menu since they opened, I am not sure what prompted it but its a good change. I don't like any vegan places that includes the animal they are trying to imitate. Vegan food can stand on its own, soy, wheat, etc protein can stand on its own. It has its own flavor, texturee and benefits it doesnt need(nor should be) compared to something else. I get that calling something soy "chicken" helps with getting people to transition to the diet but call it what it is, soy meat, wheat meat, nut milk, nut meat etc. Animal by products don't have a monopoly on the word "meat" or "milk" or "cheese'. Kudos for the menu changes.
I ate here after eating at the one in San Diego a couple times.  I was a little disappointed.  The place was kind of depressing and slow moving, but I was there at 8:15 on a Tuesday.  Overall, the food wasn't that good.  I had one of the soups and it was just okay.

I would definitely be willing to give this place another shot, though.  I really liked some of the stuff at the SD location and I would like to try it here.

If you have never been to a Loving Hut, it is worth a visit to see the crazy TV channel and some of the inventive dishes.

I strongly recommend the things that look like breaded chicken legs but are really filled with mushrooms.  That thing is tasty.
I gave a new year's gift to myself today. It all happened just like that. For a change, we decided not to host or attend any of those large New Year's parties this year. While browsing the internet I landed in VegGuide.org website to find an interesting looking vegetarian restaurant so close to where I live.  I always used to end up travelling to one of those east valley restaurants in such occasions. 

When we entered the establishment the welcome was awesome. Although we had gone so close to the closing hours the staff did not show any signs of it. They patiently explained their menu, and recommended some of the finest selections. All of us were hungry and ended up ordering most them: BBQ Rolls, Chow Mein, Seaweed Ocean, SAVE-PLANET Curry, steamed rice, Silky Flan, Banana Fritters, and the Mumbai Spirit (Tea). They complimented us with a soup that we had left out. It was an awesome dinner and a great start for the New Year. My family loved all of the items we ordered and most importantly the warm eastern hospitality that we had missed for many years.  

I am sure you will enjoy this place irrespective of your normal food habits or favorites.  Even vegetarians might be surprised to find many vegetarian versions of the western cuisine.  The food price is good; a couple can get a full meal dinner within $30. The place is clean, bright and the aura gives you a soothing feeling. It might be a nice surprise for east valley residents to find such a nice eatery located in the west valley.

I can't wait to go back there again just to try the next set of items from their exotic vegan menu.
One word: AWESOME. Only wish they were closer to my house in Buckeye. :) Have eaten here once...I got a chicken dish. It was the best faux chicken I think I've ever had. This place is such a refreshing change to all the other predictable meat-and-potatoes chain restaurants in the area. Two thumbs up!
dear supreme master, you are a creepy b.
 
thankfully there are such delights as the golden beauty, delectable eggplant and free soup ?! order the happy go lucky, because who doesn't like potpourri in their lemonade?  skip the appetizers because they are anything but. the staff is a touch overwhelming, mostly because there is hardly anyone ever here, i mean this place is sparse like whoopi goldberg's eyebrows. 

they have annoying north phoenix hours, which kind of sucks because i am a fan of lupper.
I'm a person who likes routine. I go to bed the same time each night and eat the same staple foods each week. And then I walked into the Loving Hut and it changed my life. Okay, not literally. But I have gone a half-dozen times and have not ordered the same thing twice. Why? Because I want to try everything on the menu! That's how good it is. My favorite is the SAVE-PLANET Curry. It has more flavor than my taste-buds know what to do with. And I've never left this place hungry. The portions are generous, the taste is indescribable, and they give you this pleasant orange-flavored water and soup start with. While I may be breaking routine by ordering everything from the menu, one routine I will not be breaking is visiting this place at least once a week!
Friendly service and a clean atmosphere set the right mood for the vegan food we enjoyed at the Loving Hut tonight.  Food was alright, and I'm sure it is healthy, but even though I was "tummy full" at the end, I still felt "head hungry" anyway.  Oh well.  Prices weren't too bad, and I'll certainly go back to try other options.
I discovered this place about three months ago and I love it!  Having been a vegetarian all my life I have been to my share of horrible vegetarian restaurants.  Loving Hut is not one of them.

The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The first time I went our waiter spend about 5-10 minutes answering all our questions about dishes and explaining how to make certain items at home.  

When dinning in you will be served a bowl of soup while your order is being prepared.  I would recommend the Spicy Cha Cha (shrimp like dish), Golden Beauty (lemongrass chicken), or the Sweet & Sour Divine (Sweet & Sour Chicken).  My meat eating friends rave about the Mongolian Wonder. Oh the BBQ Rolls are great too!

Some people have issues with this place because of the whole Supreme Master thing but personally it does not bother me.  The staff does not proselytize or try to stuff literature down your throat.  

I have my fingers crossed that they will consider offering cooking classes!  That will give me another reason to make the drive out to 
35th Ave. & Union Hills Dr!
I've been here a couple of times now and I'm really happy to have a great vegan restaurant on the west side.  The only thing I'm really unhappy about is the fact that they're closed on Sundays, which is probably the most convenient day for me to visit.  Also, they charge an extra $1.50 if you want rice.  I realize a lot of people waste rice when it's automatically included with a dish, but I think charging an extra $1.50 is a bit ridiculous considering the actual cost of rice (I know because I make it all the time at home).  I think that they should provide rice at no extra charge but only include it if the customer requests it, or if nothing else, lower the charge for rice to perhaps 50 cents.

On my first visit, I tried their Fabulous Pho.  Overall, it was quite good, although I wish that they had served the noodles on the side because when the soup was served, the noodles were overly soft by that point.  Even so, it was tasty, with tofu, slices of vegan "beef" and "tripe" with the typical side serving of lime and bean sprouts that is traditionally served with pho.  I can't remember if there was any vegan fish cake in it or not.  I had their Sunny Forest drink, which was refreshing.  My friend ordered the Golden Wontons, Sweet and Sour Divine, and Orange Joy.  She enjoyed all of her selections, but was flipping with joy over the Sweet and Sour Divine, which is a "chicken" type dish.  I tried a bite of hers and the sauce perfectly seasoned - the "chicken" was very yummy as well.  I'm not even usually a fan of sweet and sour dishes but even I was impressed with this one.

On the second visit, I ordered the Spicy Cha Cha, Ice Mumbai Spirit, and also took some cheesecake and Mongolian Wonder to save for lunch the next day.  Despite the extra charge for rice, I'm glad I ordered the brown rice this time because the Spicy Cha Cha was indeed quite spicy for my mild-mannered taste buds.  Breaded mock shrimp were served on a bed of lettuce that had a spicy ground "meat" and veggie garnish.  Very delicious and something that I'd definitely order again.  I didn't care for the Ice Mumbai Spirit, though, as it tasted like I was inhaling the beauty section at Whole Foods.  It had a very perfumed flavor that was hard for me to stomach, but then again, I've been spoiled by Rishi chai tea.

The next day, I ate my Mongolian Wonder and cheesecake.  The cheesecake was quite good, with a little drizzle of raspberry (or strawberry?) sauce on top.  I prefer my cheesecake crusts to have a higher graham cracker percentage but I still really enjoyed.  The Mongolian Wonder was nicely seasoned and very tender, without being overwhelmed by the onions, although I wished I had ordered some rice (or remembered to make some at home) to go with it since it was a tad salty.

The staff are quite friendly.  A complimentary light soup is brought out prior to your meal.  Although the videos playing (that many have mentioned) are a little silly, the screens are set on a low volume and easy to tune out.

Overall, I'm quite pleased with The Loving Hut and will be sure to visit as often as my budget allows it.
Went back here for lunch today. It was my second time (first time was last week) and this time I brought my boss along. The last time they didn't have their supreme master sh1te on, and this time both tellys were blank. Disappointed, I actually asked whether they could put it on after reading some of the reviews on here, just to have a bit of a laugh. On it came. It's not that bad - there was some Asian woman getting laughs from an audience, evidently the opening act for the Supreme Master himself. It all comes from California, apparently - why doesn't this surprise me? We chuckled for a bit (mainly at how rapidly the subtitles and other stuff were flashing on the screen, almost like Max Headroom blipverts) then turned to our food. I got the pho with their Golden Rolls, the boss got a bowl of curry with a side of brown rice served in the traditional way (bowl up and over). All it needed was a hershey's chocolate kiss on the top and it would have looked just like a tit. Anyway. The pho was actually pretty good - they made a fine job out of cloning standard pho dac biet, even to the extent of having some gristly stuff that simulated tripe. The "meat" was pretty good - I too was really surprised that it looked and tasted so close to regular meat. The boss liked his stuff as well. A touch on the expensive side (veggie stuff should be just a little cheaper than eight bucks a pop, which is what some of their entrees cost) but on the whole it's pretty tasty stuff. And the people in there are sort of amusing. I ordered my pho and the guy goes "whoa, that'll taste really good".. I told him I usually went for the dac biet and he was like.. "yeah yeah, this is just as good.. except.. BETTER." I said that I was expecting to become a supreme master after eating it or else I was going to be asking for my money back. The little old server lady was very nice; she saw me eating rolls with my fingers and dropped off some chopsticks for me so I didn't get ketchupy paws. So in summary: good food, seemed like a clean place, reasonably unique menu, fairly non-confrontational television propaganda, not overcrowded, priced as something that could make it a weekly treat for me, and cholesterol free to boot.
Went back again today. I quite like this place. Their stuff isn't extremely cheap (it's tempting to go to Pink Lotus instead -  under $6 for the same amount of food) but it's not insanely overpriced and the place remains clean as a whistle. It seems to be gaining in popularity too - had about five or six tables with patrons today, despite the Supreme Master telly droning on in the background. It actually reminds me of the "a new life awaits you in the off-world colonies!" stuff from Blade Runner. Today's programming showed some kangaroos jumping around and happily munching grass, along with someone blathering on about how studies have shown that they play an important ecological role in blah blah blah. Anyway! Foodwise, I got my (now favourite) Golden Rolls, and decided to try something different with the Chow Mein. The latter was good, but I probably wouldn't order it again since I liked other dishes better. Next time I think I'll give the Hawaiian Burger a go. I definitely recommend the Golden Rolls - the dipping sauce is great as well.

If you eat there rather than take away you'll get a little bowl of soup - their version of miso, I guess, with carrot, green onion, celery (yeuch) and tofu bits.

Came away feeling satisfied but not grossed out - typical of vegetarian meals. I wish Sweet Tomatoes was a little closer, haven't been there in quite a while!

You know, I wonder if this place would get pissed if I brought in a tiny can of cocktail shrimp to empty out into their vegetarian pho. There aren't any signs saying meat eating on the premises is forbidden, although the entire place reeks of Buddhist philosophy. I remember getting reprimanded back in Sydney when we used to go to the free Hare Krishna Sunday feasts and bring our own cans of Coke ("Krsna forbids intoxicants!"). Or maybe if I picked up a chicken wrap from Greek Wraps down the road then brought it in to eat with a side of their Guru Fried Rice. After all, they're selling a food style, not a lifestyle. Whatever the case, as mentioned in my previous review, this place is probably a once-a-week for me now.
I LOVE the food here. Really amazing asian cuisine but veganized. But my meat loving fiance also really enjoys it. The atmosphere is really clean and the service is phenomenal, almost every time we go we get complimentary soup before the meal. But the food doesn't just taste good its really pretty too. They put flowers in their special drinks, it was super cool. Also their "cheesecake" is mouthwateringly good, I have to get it every time.
This location has different items from the location in CA (milpitas), so I have ventured out a little bit and tried different things. I love the way they make their vegetarian food so flavorful and it doesn't feel like I'm not eating meat. Definitely getting a lot of protein. 

I really like their appetizers. The spring rolls, bbq rolls, and deep fried wontons are really good, I like the sauce. I liked their rainbow salad, which is similar to the heavenly salad at the milpiltas location. The blissful fried rice and silken moonlight are tasty, although a little bit oily. I really liked the vietnamese style crepe. It was really good considering it was vegan style. One of the servers recommended that I try the pink lady drink. It was good, tasted like a cranberry smoothie. I wasn't digging the flowers in it though.

Definitely a good place, it's a little more pricey than your usual vietnamese/chinese joints though
Normally I wouldn't review a place that I'd only visited once, but I'm just so dang excited there's a vegan restaurant close to where I work that i had to post on this one.  I ordered the Hawaiian Burger w/ Fries (takeout)... love that I got the experience of a down & dirty "splurge" meal that killed neither my wallet nor my energy level.  I felt meal-satisfied and also alert and springy enough to continue the rest of my work day (the exact opposite would have occurred had I eaten an actual hamburger).  The fries were decent but the real pleaser was the burger itself-- sliced pineapple, grilled onions, deliciously teriyaki-infused veggie patty that had a hearty texture yet left me with a clean (not greasy) feeling afterward.  Yum!  I left off one star for the customer service-- they were friendly enough, just slooow.  But I'll definitely be returning just so I can try some of the other deliciousness I eyed on their menu...
There aren't too many places available to vegetarians, vegans, or those that just want to eat healthy, so my wife &amp; I were happy to try this place out. Neither of us are vegetarians, but we do try to avoid red meats. Loving Hut did not leave us hungry though. The portions were great and filling.
The food is really good, especially the bbq roll appetizer.  I would have given them at least 4 stars if it weren't for the fact that I felt like I was being recruited into a cult during my dining experience. It was creepy. I researched the place and it is associated with supreme master ching hai organization and on every shelf there is literature about it, and the tv is droning on with the station that the cult broadcasts from.  I really don't like when businesses mix religion with their product, I think it's really annoying and offensive. I don't mind a message promoting the reasons vegetarianism is healthful and compassionate toward life, but the cult thing is a bit much. I liked the food well enough to go back, but I won't go back because of the weird vibe. That's a shame.
Took my 3 daughters in today - -only to see a PETA video playing. Not exactly appetizing. When i kindly asked if he could change the channel, he snapped "NO".  .... what?! are you kidding me??? who wants to eat lunch while someone is torturing chickens?! I will NEVER patron it again. Just awful!
My guy and I stopped over at the Loving Hut last week after work. The decor is very simple and 'sunshine' like. Lots of optimistic yellow and white. 

In a few words, if you like soy (non-meat) options, they have plenty. They also have some all vegetable dishes. 

I do understand a  bit of what other Yelpers have had concerns: the Supreme Master TV running in a loop on the flatscreens, but to me it was all positive messages and nothing disturbing. 
It's nice to see a place of business do something out of the mainstream and stick with their (all positive from what I could tell) beliefs. 

Considering this is a vegan restaurant, the menu is quite large. There seem to be more soy meat options than anything. I am still on the path of going vegetarian (meaning I still eat some chicken and fish every now and then when I am desperate). ...I, personally, prefer to eat vegetarian or vegan in a more traditional way -- meaning I don't really want items that resemble meat/taste like meat. I prefer items that contain vegetables, lentils, beans, nuts, etc... 
My guy went with the BBQ rolls and I had the Hawaiian Burger. The BBQ Rolls and accompanying sauce were pretty good - simple, light and tasty. 
The burger had a homemade soy patty and pineapple, mushrooms, and onions. It had a very original taste and was filling. 

I say give this place a try. It's healthy and there's an option for anyone open to non-meat options.
Tried this out for the first time a few nights ago. Service was good, one of the guys was really nice and made sure drinks were filled, etc. We were the only ones there from 7pm on. Maybe it was the rain.

Place is really clean for sure as others have noted.

Food is good. I'm a meat-a-tarian and need to have meat in every meal, but this place substituted that desire pretty well. Tried the Mongolian dish, they somehow made the tofu look just like sliced beef, pretty miraculous. Texture-wise it was noticeably different, but a great experience. Drinks were okay and expensive comparatively to food. I tried the ice chai and while it wasn't oversweetened which I hate, it was also somewhat taste-less. Would not recommend the iced chai to most people. Food was great and I would go back to try other items.
This place is so awesome! Healthy, delicious vegan food. What's more to ask!
This place is awesome. I have tried the rainbow salad and Hawaiian burger on several occasions.  The service is quick and professional.  The food is wholesome and great tasting.  The bathrooms and dining room are very clean.  There is a peaceful vibe to this joint.  Even though it is popular, there seems to be plenty of good seating when I go (even at lunchtime).  I highly recommend this joint.  Eat well.  Be well.
I'm a big fan of Loving Hut, but I like the Phoenix one on Indian School better than the one in Glendale. Everything is pretty delicious, but I've found that the dishes that you can also order at the Phoenix Loving Hut taste better and have bigger portions at that location than at this one. Also, it's a bit misleading because the restaurant is set up in such a way that you think you can just sit down and they'll come take your order, but you actually have to go up to the counter and make it. The Phoenix Loving Hut, on the other hand, offers full table service. Their only advantage over the other location is that they actually have the flan advertised on their menu, which is pretty good. Overall, I'd recommend it, but if you have the opportunity, try the Phoenix location instead.
Mmmmmmm I've been wanting to try this place for quite a while so when a friend from work who is vegetarian had a birthday I thought prefect time to try it out! I ordered the spicy cha cha which is a faux shrimp dish made out of yam protein. It was amazing! We also tried the veg pot stickers which were so-so in my opinion. My friend had a tofu and noodle dish called silken moonlight which she liked. We also due to a mix up on the called in order ended up with golden beauty a soy protein 'chicken' dish with lemongrass and spice. My personal favorite was the spicy cha cha. I will definitely be back!  This review was written by a non-vegetarian ;)!  Meals range from 6-8 dollars. Drinks are kinda pricy at 2-3.50. No sodas here! The happy go lucky drink was tasty made with lemon and lime juice, lime zest , rose petals and rose flavoring. A little sweet but good and very pretty.
Alright Loving Hut, let's face the facts, I love you and you love me. Your "strategery" of using "Love" in your establishment name has paid off, as you have enamored me with your delicious, 100% vegan food as well as your kind & friendly staff. I eat here all the time. We even get their food for parties. 

Vegetarians, Vegans & Omnivores alike will find something to enjoy at Loving Hut. In particular, I can wholeheartedly recommend the "Spicy Cha Cha", a unique faux breaded shrimp dish that I have seen no where else, made with Yam protein. Yes, it's delicious & amazing.

Keep on rockin on, North Phoenix Loving Hut.
For some reason I thought this little vegan restaurant was a craft store. I have no idea why that impression came to me, but it was probably because of the logo. 

My boyfriend and I found this place on yelp, and once my craft store assumptions were put to rest we decided to try it. We ordered two appetizers, two main dishes, and a dessert-- all for $20! Everything was fantastic! And I can't wait to go back for seconds!

Someone commented on the lack of atmosphere, which is understandable, however, it is important to remember that this establishment offers cheap, delicious, vegan food. I think the fact that it resembles an IKEA is forgivable if we take these truths to heart.
They are deliciously delightful here. I really really liked it
Absolutely loved everything here! It's nice to have a vegan restaurant in Glendale. Started with the Golden Rolls. Delicious veggie "egg"rolls that were not greasy. A complimentary cup of soup with clear broth and carrots followed. I had the Spicy Cha Cha faux breaded shrimp based on others' reviews. Completely delicious and highly recommended! My date ordered the Sweet & Sour Divine (faux chicken). We were not charged at all for our rice as mentioned by other Yelpers. Perhaps they caught wind that people disliked their rice charging policy because the woman taking our order made it known that they will be charging for rice in the future, but not that day. We finished with the carrot cake which was delicious! They have a freezer and cooler filled with retail items including the faux shrimp. Vegans, omnis, and flexitarians alike will like Loving Hut!
So the BF and I went here tonight with the BF's mom and dad for his mom's birthday. She's a vegetarian and had heard good things about this place, but the rest of us are not vegetarians. So first off, this place has a very cult ish feel. The workers all seem like they're in a daze and they play a video talking about the 'grand master.' Whoa. 

Anyway, so you go up to the counter to order. I got the spicy cha cha due to the overwhelming popularity of this dish on yelp, BF accidently ordered the family bean curd (he meant to order sweet and sour but gave the wrong number, his mom go the S&S, and his dad got the burger. They gave us a weird cup of soup before we got our meal. It had the consistency of egg drop.... it was pretty low on flavor, but was the best thing I had there. 

First off, when we looked at the menu it said a side of rice cost 1$, but we were charged 2$ for each side of rice... wtf. Second, my food was terrible. Maybe I overlooked it, but on the menu it says that this dish is yam protein. I thought, I like yams... this was not anything like a yam. It was fake shrimp! WTF, why doesn't the menu say imitation shrimp? I hate shrimp! maybe it was my fault... but seriously, wtf. The meat had the consistency of shrimp (gross) and a weird flavor that still lingers in my mouth hours later. It was dry and had no sauce, plus it wasn't spicy. It's called spicy cha cha..... I ate a couple of the fake shrimps but that was all I could eat. The BF's was also pretty bad. It was mushy and flavorless. Supposedly the sweet and sour was good, but I didn't try it. 

So his mom liked the food and that was the point of going here, but that does not mean that I have to give it a good rating. I would not go here again.... or at least until the next time BF's mom wants to go... but I'd definitely get something different.
Now, I understand the difference between vegetarian and vegan. 

I eat meat and I love it, but my husband does not. So I wanted to surprise him and take him to dinner where he had choices. There were plenty of choices here. Don't get me wrong, I am open to eating anything. I was just as excited as he was. 

We ordered our food, I got the sweet and sour chicken and he got the BBQ baguette. Our soup came out and it was so NOT good....very bland. We also ordered sushi...when it came out it was warm. Now, I don't know about you...but I frown upon warm sushi. 

I actually enjoyed my meal, more so than the soup and sushi. But the portions were really small. He wasn't too crazy about his meal, although he said his meal tasted better than mine, I beg to differ. 

We had to wait at least 15 minutes before he got his side of French fries which were $3.50...for a side...ridiculous. We also ordered Jasmine ice tea, which I needed a refill because it helped me swallow the bland soup and chilled up the sushi a bit. But we were denied. I heard her say she only makes 3 or 4 gallons and it finished. My husband heard her say, people ask for 3 or 4 cups and they lose money. HAHA, yup...talk about Men are from Mars and Women are from Venus. Either way we left thirsty. 

We spend almost $30, and I honestly didn't think it was worth it. If you are in the area try it out, just don't make the drive if you're not.
Went in today and got the Golden Vermicelli. Same great taste, same store and same service, but that dish cost me $9.29. My older copy of the take-out menu here at work shows it as $7.25 which IMO was already on the upper end of value for a vegetarian meal. Considering the fact that I can get an entire giant roast chicken for $4.99 at Frys near my house, which can be turned into four separate meals, I'm going to be reducing the amount of time I spend going here. Just starting to not be affordable and with the economy the way it is I simply cannot justify a ten buck lunch. Still four stars.. but now it's "barely" 4. Come to think of it, I might buy a roast chicken and bring some of it in here to eat along with some of their veggies on the side. Think they'd mind?
The drinks were good I had a 5 star lemonade. No free refills though. My friend was very impressed with the whole setup and wants to come back (it wont be with me). I appreciate what they are trying to do but the food wasn't overly exciting. The cha cha was vegan sure but I'm fairly certain frying it in grease pretty much cancels out the health benefits. The lo mien was dry and blah.
This place has great vegan food. It's a must if you're looking for a vegan restaurant.
Time for a review update... My initial "oh-my-god-there's-a-vegan-restaurant-a-mile-from-my-house" infatuation is now over. I live very close to LH, so I go there a lot.

Loving Hut is pretty good, they have some very tasty dishes (Spicy Cha Cha, BBQ Bagutte are some of my favs) and they have some not so great dishes.

The real reason for my drop-down in stars is that it's always a pain in the arse to order what you want at Loving Hut. You would think that a vegan restaurant would be totally okay with substitutions, omissions, etc (as that's what vegans must do at most restaurants), but no, it's always a royal pain at loving hut.

The other day my wife wanted to try the "Tuno" (faux tuna) sandwich on the baguette roll instead of sliced bread. I called in to place a phone order and tried to order it. I made it clear that I would be happy to pay a bit extra for the baguette bread if necessary. Didn't matter. They would not do it. No way, no how. I tried to bargain with the phone employee who blamed it on someone else and said she had to go "check with the cook" if it was possible. How would it not be possible to use a different type of bread that they already have? Either way, they would not budge at all. So I couldn't get what I wanted, very annoying and frustrating.

I've also tried other substitutions and dish modifications and it's always a pain.

They no longer give free refills on Iced Tea (citing costs), which is disappointing.

One day I asked about the complementary appetizer soups that they give in store, asking if I could get it for to go orders. The employee I spoke with explained that they don't give it out on to go orders because of soup container costs, but if I brought in my own soup container they'd be happy to give me some. So the next time I placed a to go order, I brought in a little plastic soup bowl and requested some. They barely gave me any soup in it and they gave me a hard time about it.

Bottom line is that they need to be better at providing what the customer wants and less about penny pinching, as it is very annoying and it does not make me want to go back.

Changing up the menu by offering unique, limited time dish specials would also greatly improve the place, as much of the menu seems to be very similar (the same flavored soy protein is in just about everything).

Hoping they can improve...
Unfortunately I will no longer be recommending Loving Hut. Is it because the food tastes like crap? No. Is it due to weird hours of business or bad service? No. It's because it's just too expensive now. Bordering on a complete rip-off.

I got my usual Golden Vermicelli with a side of the Golden Rolls since I really like those (the GV comes with two rolls already). With tax, minus any drink and minus the $1 tip that I felt obliged to add since there was a tip section on the docket, the total was $13.12. I already mentioned that they've hiked their prices from the outdated menu that I got a few months ago, but I took another look at what I got and I'm not impressed at all with the value for money.

Let's break it down. Shredded lettuce, shredded carrots, a half teaspoon of ground peanut with half as much again of finely chopped fried onion, a good amount of noodles (maybe even 20c worth), and a container of extremely watered down liquid - maybe 100 parts water to 1 part sweet and sour sauce? It's not a dip and not a sauce, just something to wet down the noodles with. Maybe 2 slices of julienned cucumber, and their soy protein. Took a photo. Compare today's pic with the first one I took of the same dish. There's even less soy protein now, barely enough for two mouthfuls, and a couple of fried rolls the length and width of my extended middle finger. I'm not sure how expensive soy protein itself is but thirteen spondooliks for that is twice as much as it is worth in terms of raw ingredients, far as I'm concerned.

The place is still clean. The service is still okay. Servers and counter folk are still very polite. Still conveniently located near my work. Still has Super Master on the telly. Still has a posterboard near the counter with bizarre letters and postcards from people verbally flagellating their pudendae about how awesome the place is, and the food is still tasty. Just woefully, WOEFULLY overpriced. This same syndrome exists at Tandoori Times II. I'd eat there AND here three times as often if only they delivered an amount of their food which matches the exorbitant prices they charge.

Am I all about quantity over quality? Hell no. We're talking about a guy who paid over fourteen bucks for a small cube of fois gras on a 2" square bit of bread w/apricot compote, spent the next thirty minutes drooling over it and the next two years daydreaming about it. We're talking about a guy who just ate mostly lettuce and noodles and got charged twice the price of a lunch almost anywhere else in the local area, except for places like Claim Jumper or Olive Garden. Do I think 2 stars are appropriate a rating? Yelp classifies that as "Meh. I've experienced better." So, yes.

Even if you're a vegetarian, avoid this place. Save your cash. Go to Safeway. Buy a pack of noodles for a buck. Buy a whole lettuce for a buck. Buy carrots for.. you get the general idea. Buy some frozen edamame, mash it all up, squirt a bit of soy and worcester on it, form it into mint-patty-shaped discs and grill. I'm betting that'll be the same nutrition/protein and color as what their stuff is. Just pass on dining at this joint like I will be.

I thought about posting this review for a while. The tipping point was the tiny gnat that I noticed on a piece of lettuce and would have eaten had I not been hunched close over the meal in my cubicle. Could have flown into the container, through the plastic bag etc, on the way out to the car, on the way back to the office, on the way INTO the office from the car. Or could have landed during food prep. I spent the next five minutes visually analysing the rest of the food before realising that there could be more gnats in the fried rolls where I'd have no hope of noticing them. Shrug.
their smoothies are divine and any soup there is delicious!
My recently turned-vegan husband and I tried out LH a few weeks ago.  He had the lemongrass "chicken" thing and I had "beef" and broccoli as recommended by other Yelpers.  Neither was spectacularly tasty or memorable.  In fact, the more we thought on it, the less we liked it.  I think the issue with the dishes we ordered was that they were made with meat analogs and were trying too hard to taste like their real meat counterparts.  I suppose this is part of the Supreme Master's plan to convert meat-loving customers into happy vegans, but honestly, my husband and I already are accustomed to eating vegan food.  We're okay with stuff that looks like compost or doesn't have TVP in it.  Really!  So, skip the fakey meat and just cook good food -- not frozen propaganda nuggets.

I also had the Happy Go Lucky drink and the Golden Rolls.  Those were the best parts of my meal, but we agreed that we'd probably not make the drive back over anytime soon.
for a long time, i was the only vegetarian in my circle of friends / high school class, and so when one of my mates became a vegetarian after a year of tentative debating with herself, that prompted whatever electric current in my brain that transliterates to something along the lines of, 'now i can look for vegan/vegetarian restaurants and not be worried about eating alone'! i love loving hut. the two of us had been very afraid that when we came here we were going to experience something along the lines of tina fey's romantic encounter in baby mama, where they confusingly [try to] eat a yeast ball. it was not so. their menu items are confusingly meatlike in texture, although i have no idea how close the flavours are to meat. 

here are individual dish reviews:
arigato sushi: these sushi rolls are good, although there is better vegetable sushi to be found elsewhere. they taste strongly of the pickles, mostly.
spring rolls: i enjoy the spring rolls a lot, most likely due to the use of jicama. the leek is too strong for me (which is not very bizarre, for someone who hates onions).
pt chaud: although i have never had meat pt, i somehow doubt this competes very well with it. it was mostly puff pastry and very little filling.
golden nuggets: these are very perfect for anyone craving something small and crispy with a token flavour. it would not constitute a meal, which is why they are listed in the appetizer section- these are minuscule.
hawaiian burger: i love pineapple + it is so hard to go wrong with a burger, in my opinion, so this is a pretty easy success. sometimes the paddies restaurants offer are disgusting (boca, yuck), but this one seems to be made in house. their french fries are thankfully crisp and not dried out or soggy.
bbq baguette: a bit on the minimalistic side, the flavours here are all good and well, and the bbq soy protein tastes good but sometimes has questionably unsettling texture when eaten alone (e.g. if it falls out of your baguette). the sandwich filling to baguette ratio is maybe 1:3- not very meaty.
bbq vermicelli: i am not a peanut fan (and this is topped with peanuts), but those are negligible and can be pushed aside. i would definitely recommend this, as this is the first item that my partner ordered when we ate here that long, long time ago. the only difficulty we had was using the chopsticks to handle everything at once. the vermicelli was good when we ate it and not over/undercooked. we have ordered this many times.
spicy cha cha: this is essentially the vegan version of fried shrimp. this is the first thing i ate when i came here on account of the first two things i attempted to order being out of stock. it is really impressive that they even have those strange red stripes on their pseudo shrimp, which has a bit of a spongey consistency (that is visible if examined). the flavour is well composed and cohesive throughout. when it comes to spice, if you are a gringo, you probably do not want this, although i think for most people it is very mild.
carrot cake: this cake is wonderful and has a very nice combination of sweet flavours; it is especially good with a coffee drink on the side, or soy milk.
banana cake: this cake is a little more dry than their carrot cake, but otherwise since i am not as fond of banana flavoured things that are not bananas, my opinion of this dish is pretty heavily biased.
banana fritters: if you like banana fritters, there is no reason not to get these. these are good. they are not spectacular but are very far from terrible. this has real bananas in it obviously so it is not influenced by that bias.
pink lady: my partner orders this every single time we come here. she loves it to an amount i could never quantify. sometimes toward the bottom of the glass it begins to taste mostly like flowers, which is cool if you are THAT kind of vegan.
sunny forest: it is a perfect combination of orange and mint. sometimes i wish they would put a little more sparkling water in it. this is my drink of choice, and i will order it every time i come here. 
orange joy: because i love orange juice, i automatically think that this is good. the cranberry juice adds a nice bit of tartness in combination.
happy go lucky: hey, if you like lemon and lime together with a subtle hint of rose, this is probably for you! i think it is kind of boring compared to their other drinks, which are a little stronger, with more body.
ice mumbai spirit: i have only had this once; this is a good iced chai. if i remember correctly, it was slightly less sweet than the chai you get from most coffee shops, but all of the spice flavour is there.

enjoy! that is all that i can remember off of the top of my head.
I had the most wonderful meal tonight....highly recommend you try this place.  The staff was warm and friendly.  The prices are reasonable/fair.  I had the pate chaud, Golden vermicilli, cheese cake and a hot mumbai spirit.  I WILL be back for more!
I have been to The Loving Hut 3 times now, and everytime I wonder why it is that i'm going back.  The food is far too overpriced for what it is. Today I called to ask what the lunch special was, and was informed that it was sushi, wonton harmony, and blissful friend rice.  Great, thats what a lunch special usualy includes...small orders of a few different items.  Nope, when i called back to order this special, i was told I was to choose one of the 3, not that i get all 3.  So I ordered the Blissful Fried Rice. When I went in to pick it up, it was ready and thats always a plus to not have to wait on an order that was called in 20 minutes prior.  I then ordered a Mumbai Spirit, or hot chai, and my total came to $10, and I left $1 tip.  When the cashier made my drink she poured a pre-made chai mix into a steaming pot, steamed it for a solid 4 seconds and poured it into what looked like it should be a childs cup, or water cup at any other place.  When she handed me the drink it felt like there was nothing in the cup but foam, and the paper it was made out of.  I opened it up to find that my childs size cup was only filled half way, and i asked her if I could have her fill the cup as I paid $3 for this drink. She told me thats how much you get if you eat in, therefor thats how much i get it if i take it to go.

So to round out my LAST experience at The Loving Hut, I paid $6 for a small container of rice with some bits of carrots, peas, tofu, and cilantro. I would say this order cost them a solid $0.75 to make, and my pre-made 3 1/2 sips of chai that was steamed to a foamy perfection, was maybe $0.40 because of the waste of paper cup.

 I REALLY wanted to be able to love this place and eat here often, as there are next to no vegetarian or vegan places around, but for the price I will happily go somewhere else like Mellow Mushroom, who have a few tofu, tempeh, and veggie items, and be able to pay the same prices for food that is delicous.
I am not a vegetarian but I enjoy vegetarian/vegan food on occasion. I have seen this place for a while and never made it in. I went for the first tme recently and the food was excellent!! I definitely didnt feel like I was eating vegan food. The prices were great and the service was decent. The only thing that wasnt my style was that the tv only shows the leader of their cult talking about their beliefs. However, this really didnt affect me at all because I went with friends and didnt really watch the tv. Due to the nice atmosphere, the awesome prices and delicius food - I will definitely be returning.
I love to eat healthy. (even though i do eat meat) i still thought this place was pretty amazing my boyfriend (another meat eater) and i have decided to make it our regular place :)
GREAT food! you know its a good vegan place when your non-veg friends like it enough to go back. everything looked and tasted delicious, packed with flavor! prices are extremely good for the quality and portions of the food. cant complain if you can leave feeling completely stuffed (i eat alot) for about $10.

advice: might want to avoid friday night dinner rush...it was pretty slammed, and my girlfriend didnt even get her drink until AFTER the meal, about 20 mins after ordering said drink.
Delicious, decently priced vegan food. Now that they've taken down the Supreme Master TV broadcast the joint is even classier.
Being from Veggie Capital of the planet... Aka  Portland, Or....  I got serious props for this place.  Great food, lots of selection and a very smiley happy crew here.
yea it was awesome!!
I dabble in vegetarianism/veganism here and there, and this place is awesome.  This is a great restaurant for people who are not vegans/vegetarians and want to try it, or think vegan food is "weird" (in the words of a friend).  Everything here is flavored so well, and the dishes are delicious. I love all the apps, and have tried several of the entrees and thought they were all pretty good. They also have a fabulous selection of creative drinks. I hope this place sticks around for a long time, since it never seems to be busy when I go. The staff is very open and friendly and knowledgeable about the food, so never hesitate to ask if you're unsure about something!
The best vegan food I've had in my life. Friendly, helpful staff. Save room for the carrot cake.
Every encounter I've had with vegetarian/vegan food has ended in two ways: (1) "Ugggh, how do people eat this stuff?!" or (2) "Holy hat seller, this stuff is amazing! I'm gonna convert to veganism!!"

Where did Loving Hut place? #2, hooray! Yes, the food here is actually quite delicious and colorful and fun and healthy and everything it claims to be! We ordered the spicy cha cha and BBQ baguette. The spicy cha cha was veggie-based protein with sliced and diced bell peppers, tomatoes, some onions, and lettuce. It had a good kalamari-like texture with a crispy outside and a chewy (but not frustratingly so) inside. And the bell peppers gave it a good complimentary heat.

The BBQ baguette was essentially a Vietnamese banh mi imitation except they added a couple of untraditional things like a lil tomato slice, mushrooms, and a generous slathering of "veganaise" (some kind of vegan sauce?). And yes, while it was delicious, it can't stand up to a real Vietnamese banh mi sandwich. However, I did very much appreciate the presence of pickled carrots and daikon which makes it much more authentic.

I had one of their specialty drinks: the sunny forest, a concoction of orange juice, zesty flower petals, mint, and sparkling water. But somehow, the citrus is completely drowned out by an overpowering sweetness, as if they dumped several spoonfuls of sugar into the mix. Not very appetizing.

So why 3 stars if the food is good? The price. There's no way I can justify the prices here. The portions are criminally small. A small plate of food will average $6-8. You can take that same amount of money, go to a Panda Express, and get 2-3 times as much food. So be wary of dining here often as it may lead to your declaring bankruptcy! hahaha jk. But seriously...

The end! =)
I am the total opposite of a vegan/vegetarian, but, OMG! The food here is delicious. I had the golden nuggets and the Spicy Cha-Cha and both were yummy! I will most definitely be coming back.
I was sold on loving hut until I recently discovered they don't even use organic vegetables!!!!! All the glitz and glamour of "saving the planet" "going green" and advocating forks over knives but they use the cheap pesticide filled veggies everybody else does or possibly worse;GMO! It is a sham! I just assumed they would be organic since thats what being vegan and healthy is all about but it's just more tricks from a business trying to turn a profit from people looking for healthy alternatives. Just call and ask and they will tell you they don't use organic!!! UNACCEPTABLE
This was a VERY PLEASANT surprise.  The food was phenomenal and the service was excellent.  I had never been to an all vegetarian restaurant let alone a vegan.  My lunch companion is a vegetarian and she had nothing but praise for this place.  We shared the 'Spicy Cha Cha' and the 'Sweet & Sour Devine'.  One word ... YUMM-O for both.  We left saying that we had to return SOON.
My absolute favorite restaurant to date.  Good vegan food.  Fast service.  No pretense.  You just know you're going to walk away feeling good about your food choices and healthier for it.  Highly recommended to any and all.  You don't have to be vegan or vegetarian to enjoy this good food.
Excellent, excellent, excellent. It's so great to have a restaurant that is 100% vegan so that you have no worries of making the wrong choice.  The good thing is you could take anyone there and they'd be happy.  They would have no idea it's vegan.  In addition, depending on the location you have many choices to choose from ranging from Asian inspiration to burgers and fries.

I had a Pink Lady drink which was very tasty.  For our main course we each chose the Hawaiian burger with fries.  Unknowingly we also receive soup as an appetizer.  Both items we FANTASTIC. Highly recommend.
I used to frequent the Loving Hut back when it was called the 'Vegetarian House' on Indian School. It changed its name several years ago, but I still remember it as one of the only vegan options in Phoenix back in the day. 

This was my first visit to the Union Hills location and I brought my mom and my two younger brothers. We were a bit confused about ordering -- as you have to come up to the counter to place your order. Once that was out of the way -- we were very pleased with our visit.

We ordered:
Spring rolls appetizer 
Fabulous pho
chili burger
blissful fried rice

The food is delicious and the menu is great as it shows pictures of every item. They even have a freezer full of faux meats to take home and try out. Everyone complains about the Chinese propaganda on the televisions in there, but I think it adds to the experience. Definitely worth a try if you are vegetarian, vegan, or are interested in introducing your family (even kids) to healthy meat-free food.
What a great Vegetarian restaurant.  Food is fantastic, clean and neat atmosphere.  Servers are polite.  Menu has a huge selection.  I recommend this too all Vegetarians, and if you aren't, try it any way because you will love the food!
We really love the food here. While we tried a bunch of the menu and loved every dish so far, we especially like the big bowl menu items(ie soups, curries, etc.). They are very tasty/filling. They also have rotating lunch special items that are very reasonably priced/generous in serving size. 

Staff is very friendly. Highly Recommended!!
I have to admit: I am impressed.

I have been to a few vegan-only-menu restaurants and I was... underwhelmed. Nothing against the raw food movement, but unless it is a raw-specific place, I expect more creativity. Show me what food can do, be, taste like. Don't just cut it up and toss it on a plate.

Four of us came in to eat on a Saturday and the place was PACKED. A good sign, surely, AND it was a really great mix of demographics: young and old, many nationalities, singles, couples, families... we liked that it had a wide appeal.

The place smelled fantastic, too, so we started perusing the menu long before we had a table to sit at. We waited about ten minutes for a table. It's a bit like a cafeteria in that you order and pay at the counter, and the food is brought to your table.

While we waited we were given a bowl of the "house soup" which, basically, was warm carrot water with a piece of carrot or two and some tiny, tiny mushrooms. We all agreed that it needed more of a broth flavor (more types of veg? more mushrooms?), but it was tasty enough and definitely whet our appetites for more.

The spring rolls were really good but needed more. As we removed the peanuts for my friend, I "blame" this on us... I will have to have them with the peanuts next time.

The crispy rolls were spiced and savory and light and perfectly crispy. 

My favorite had to be the Pate Chaude. Flaky, savory with a bite from a wonderful combination of spices, and a meatiness from the mushrooms that made us think a die-hard carnivore in our lives may not miss the meat if he were to eat it. THE dish of the day, hands down.

The curries were a bit bland (Save-Planet and Divine Curry Noodles). They were fine, OK, but nothing that made us think we'd come just for that. Much better elsewhere.

The Gracious Spicy Noodle soup was really tasty but it needed a tad more spice. With spicy in the name, we expected more. 

Some stuff is pretty basic: the sushi rolls are basic veggie sushi rolls. The rainbow salad is a tasty but commonplace cabbage and carrot slaw. The fried rice was fried rice. All yummy, all fine to eat, but nothing spectacular, different, or altogether exciting. Basic isn't bad.

Four stars for the surprising and amazing pate chaude and the rolls, for sure. Ideally, 3.5 stars this trip, but I rounded up for the good parts. 

Couldn't go five stars for two reasons: too many items were just basic and the service is slooooooooow. 20+ minutes for fried rice (that we had to ask about)? 25+ minutes for some soup? It was a crap shoot as to what was going to be delivered and when. While they were swamped when we came in, the crowd was thinning out for their afternoon down time (they close from 3p-5p). Overall, our lunch took over 2 hours, most of it waiting on dishes to come out. No bueno if you have other plans that day.

So... tasty, some major standouts, some "meh, I've had this before." We *WILL* absolutely go back to give the menu more of a chance to wow us; the ones that knocked us off our feet are worth the return. (Hopefully it's delivered a little faster this time!).
I had such high hopes. I wanted a celebration of vegetables, in all of their glory! But all we got was fake-meat-product and oddly pie-eyed cultiness....

We have been driving by "Loving Hut" since we moved into the area, and since I was once vegan and am more more of a vegetarian, I have been hopelessly seeking some good veggie options for eating out. 

Unfortunately, this was not it. 

First off, I am sure that I am not the first person to say this, but,fake meat product, in any form, is gross. It might look meat-like, but it is not meat-like in the taste department. I have never met anyone that was swayed into not eating meat by the introduction of meat-imitation. Just sayin'. 

Speaking of being swayed: I felt like "Loving Hut" is a little cultish. There were video monitors with a show or channel called "Master" somethingrather and the two women talking on it were also in pictures and books all around the restaurant. Us non-meat-eaters already get a bad rap for being culty and pushy when we talk about our dietary choices (which, duh, you should be abiding by too) and I felt like that vibe was totally perpetuated in this place. 

As far as the food goes, it was, eh, ok. OK at best, mind you. I think that had there been NO fake meats in just about everything on the menu it would have been a different story... Maybe. 

We were served little soups before our meal which were tasty (but I had ordered the Pho, so I was like on soup-overload by the end of it all), the broth was yumtown. We also got some spring rolls which were non traditional, but pretty good. Same veggies as were in the mini soup, for a veggie place I exprected more variety I guess. My  husband got tons of fake meat product (one was fried and it tasted like fried, so duh it was good). 

It was pretty in there, too. But the cultishness eeked the decor up to creep level 9, by the time we left. 

Summize to say, I am still in search of a veggie friendly restaurant,
I LOVED this place! I have been a vegetarian for over 7 years and this was my first time going to an all-vegetarian/vegan restaurant.  It's so amazing being able to order anything off of the menu.  The menu is full of different types of meat substitutes which is great, not just vegetables on a plate.  Everything was delicious, I can't wait to go back and try everything off of the menu.
Loving Hut is my absolute favorite restaurant. I have taken several of my non-vegan/vegetarian friends & family members and they actually liked it! My favorite is the Hawaiian burger. I have tried multiple dishes, desserts, and drinks and I have no complaints. The only draw back is that they have peanuts in many dishes and my son has a severe allergy to all nuts so he is unable to dine there.
The atmosphere is calming and the employees are great! I would suggest this restaurant to anyone and everyone...and I have!!
Great Vegan food. Well priced and nice staff. Very impressed.

They even have Vegan Hot Dogs 

It's very clean ..I definitely recommend it.
Omg, Loving Hut, you are so delicious!! You need to be next to my house, feeding me all the things on your menu all the time!! Yes, I would be the size of a house! No, I do not care!

Oh, hey there, Yelp reader....

Everything is vegan. You must know this up front. That means: NO meat, NO dairy, NO animal products. You must not be like my Dad and repeatedly say, 'This isn't a burger! There's no MEAT in it!' No, Dad, you knew this going in. Stop it, you're embarrassing me.

Don't be that guy.

That said: the menu is huge. American food (burgers, spaghetti (wait, that might be considered Italian), chicken nuggets); Chinese food (chow mein, sweet and sour tofu, miso soup); Indian food (curry and whatnot). Lots of stuff. I can't remember it all! Go look at their menu online; they have PICTURES!

I've been to the Loving Hut in San Francisco, so I know this stuff is good. This time I got the curry fried rice (Guru Rice I think it was called?). Spicy and delicious, just like I like it! Sprinkled with small chunks of tofu. I would have preferred larger chunks, but that's just me.

My Dad got brown rice because he is a big baby. He liked it.

My boyfriend got the sweet and sour tofu, and he LOVED it. He said it was the perfect combination of sweet and sour, but it leaned more sweet (which he prefers).

My Mom was sadly disappointed by her Buddy Burger-- she said it was too chewy. She did, however, love the 'Golden Nuggets' (aka 'chicken' nuggets) w/ sweet ketchup, and she loved her french fries. I tried the french fries-- personally, I recommend you add some more salt, but again, that's just me.

The prices are reasonable-- $5.50 for Mom's burger and $7.50 for my fried rice dish. The portions are big, in my opinion, so I found the prices fair. I even have leftovers!

Grab a menu when you come in, choose what you'd like, go to the front counter and order what you want by number (each meal is numbered). If you can't decide, like me, go with something that has a heart-shape next to it-- that means it's a House Favorite and you practically can't go wrong!

Loving Hut prefers you pay in cash (they have an explanation for it, read it if you want), but they absolutely accept credit and debit cards.

This location is on the corner of 35th Ave. and Union Hills, at the very end of the row closest to 35th Ave.

I'm a vegetarian, wannabe vegan, and my Mom is a vegetarian as well. However, my Dad and his prejudices aside, this IS a place you can take your non-veggie friends and family to as well. The layout is clean and it's not like it shoves vegetarianism down your throat (that might not be the best analogy...). You know what I mean. Don't be afraid to bring your non-veggie friends to this place, that's all I'm saying. :)
Love this place! Great vegan food, even for people that aren't vegan!
Usually I love this place but today changed my mind. Spring rolls are stil delicious but the rainbow salad was horrible (dressing was a bland vinegar and the soy ham was deep-fried and tasted like fish). I also only had 5 tiny strips of soy ham no bigger than a half a chopstick. When I called to ask to come back n be refunded or exchange I was told no seeing as there was nothing wrong with it. Bad customer service. Unfortunately wont be returning here. Offically unimpressed.
Loving the Loving Hut, is that redundant?  Who knew vegan could be so good?

I'm not a vegan or even a vegetarian, I just like food, and the dishes here could almost make me consider changing my meat eating ways.

I love the Mongolian Wonder,  Spicy Pad Thai, and the Golden  Delight, a lemongrass 'chikn'.  Then there is the broth they give you at the start of the meal, it's a light and flavorful broth with a few vegetables  and a  little tofu in it, so simple yet oh so tasty.

The atmosphere is so relaxing and you feel better having eaten a meal here. I can't wait to get back to the valley and try something else on their extensive menu.
Attention vegans, you can eat it all. Everything on the menu. No meat, eggs, or dairy, however I bet cows did help make the fertilizer that was used to grow everything.

The hardest part is deciding what to order. Usually a menu has one two veggie options not 20+.  The menu has a few different areas, one has dinner food, like chili dogs and burgers. The other has Asian food and a touch of Indian. There are also appetizers that also seem skewed Asian and there are soups. 

The ambiance is a bit lacking, bright and very white bland would be the best way to inside, you order at a counter and they will bring you your food.

We started with a mock fried shrimp with peppers (cha cha) its a was great however it was hard to get the two items in to your mouth at the same time. The spring rolls were nothing special. The veggie pho` was decent.
This isn't food, one might hear said in reference to veggie/vegan restaurants; this is what food eats. Not the case for the Loving Hut. Clean, attractive surroundings, friendly and professional staff, and delicious food, at least the first time around. My wife and I stopped in for lunch, and found the fare delicious, four or even five star standard. Not so lucky a week or so later, when we came in for dinner and ordered virtually the same things - two star at best. Different chef on duty, perhaps? Bummer - bitter are the expectations that, once established, are unmet. We'll give it another try, though - perhaps the second experience was the aberration.
Interesting crowd of people, weird decor and too many peace/love/save the animals propaganda everywhere. 
I ordered the golden rolls which were very tasty as an appetizer. For entree, I ordered the Save the Planet Curry. It was gross. It was lukewarm, claimed to have tofu which I pretty much found 2 pieces and the curry taste was very very bland. Its scary when you can't decipher what is what in your curry "soup" because it all is covered in the lukewarm yellow "curry" sauce. I was really craving curry and this didn't help. Do not order the bread, order rice because otherwise you have no substance for a meal except a small piece of indian bread. My girlfriend ordered the hawaiian burger which was a lot better than mine and Im the vegan and this place is supposed to be known for their ethnic food??? The menu has a lot to offer but either their photos don't do justice or the descriptions of the food isn't very appealing. Not sure when i'll come back since nothing on the menu stood out to me or looked "amazing." 

Half their desserts weren't available, so I ended up with the chocolate cake which was dry.
Disclaimer: I am not a vegan or a vegetarian.  But I do love eating vegetarian every once in a while.

That being said, this place is not bad.  I think that its a little weird that they make soy/plant protein look like meat, I'd prefer just tofu rather than a weird textured, processed protein patty.  My girlfriend's eggplant was delicious.  I got a combo that came with a stir-fry and a fried protein patty.  The stir fry was good, but the protein patty really had a weird texture to it.  

However, none of the food had anything on the chai tea.  Freaking delicious.  I've been looking for a good chai tea since I moved here from Texas, and this place knows how to make a good chai.  Most of the chai you get around here is in a latte form (too sweet and not enough spice).  It was a little on the expensive side $3 (I think), but I would come back just for the Chai.
If you're vegetarian or vegan because you like eating vegetables, unfortunately this is not the place for you. This place offers "mock meat" with very few veggies. Some things, like the Hawaiian burger, are good. But I don't feel very good after a meal without fresh veggies or fruit.

I do enjoy the drinks, though (Pink Lady has rose petals on top!), and I also like watching the other diners laughing at the cult-TV channel.
I don't know what it is about this place but I love it here. Even better, it's close to the West Valley where the rest of my favorite places that are vegan friendly are further south. 

The people who work here have a sense of humor and a always welcoming. The television program can be a bit much sometimes while eating but it's never stopped me from showing up. I tend to lean toward the orange chicken and tea and the portions are perfect. I have mostly taken meat eaters here and they were all pleasantly surprised and have even gone back with me when getting them to go to other vegan/veg friendly places has been a challenge.
What a fun place. I really enjoyed the experience. I am not sure I was that crazy about the food but that was through no faulty of the restaurant. I ordered a veg dish and a crepe type of french naming Empanada thing. Sorry forgot the name. It was stuffed with carrots and other veggies. ( that dish, by the way, was awesomely delish.) 

My veggies were overcooked and a little slimy but it still tasted okay. Since I am not a veggie maybe it should have come that way. I just can't eat the soy or fake meat so I did not order any of those types of dishes. I have to admit their menu is extensive with tons of choices. 

I guess I will have to go back for the Hawaiian burger, I see. I almost ordered that.  Everyone on here is saying it is delish. 

The server/owner??She is a Dearheart for sure. 4 stars from me. Three for the food. I would go back.
The service is amazing. The soups are made with heart and soul! Especially the pho, which is always hot and very fresh. The place is very clean and the staff incredibly friendly and helpful.
You might think there is nothing on the menu at this quaint little vegan restaurant that children would go for.  Depending on how picky your kids are, you may be right.  My kids will eat plain white rice, spaghetti with sauce and french fries, though.

This was my second visit.  I took my nearly 4 year old with me.  She likes the soup, ate spring rolls, pasta and had a smoothie.  I had a pleasant vegan lunch.

The people here are always friendly and calm - there's no feeling like you have to race through your meal so they can get the table back.  That being said, this isn't fast food so you do have to wait for it and I haven't tried the takeout so I don't know if you could eat and be out in 30 minutes.

They prefer if you pay in cash - I was thanked specifically for it today.  You order at the register and pay and they bring the food to your table.

There are a lot of vegan/vegetarian promotion signs, books, etc here so if you are bringing a meat eater who would be offended by the "propaganda" be aware of that.  Personally, I think if they are willing to try a vegan restaurant in the first place they won't be too upset about it.

The food is good, but I prefer the non-meat-substitute entrees like pad Thai and Spring Rolls over the "burgers."
Loving Hut is ok.   Great that they care.  Their heart is in the right place.  Food is average - frequently processed and over-salted.  Nice atmosphere.
Loving Hut is one of our families favorite places for lunch or dinner.  The staff has been very friendly.  My favorite are the fresh juices and the curry.
I'm vegan so naturally I love this place! Such great flavours, and nice service. Only problem was the cheesecake I ordered tasted well.... vegan. I've had other vegan cheesecakes that tasted far better, but the carrot cake slice made up for it! This place hits the spot vegan or not!
awesome place
I had the eggplant dish with vermicelli noodles. Wife had the chow mien.  Both items were greasy and lacking in flavor. Sad, I had high hopes after seeing the reviews. Disclaimer: I am not sure it makes a difference; I am neither vegan or vegetarian.
My nephew had a heart attack when he found out what he was eating wasn't meat. Lolz. I told my sister not to say anything. Watching him eat was simply joy. Hehe. So........ when I told him. He was like "whatttttttttttt? What is soy auntie". Haha. :) need the less to say, he killed his bbq chicken with white rice. Yummm. He said he wants to come back and try the hot dog. Haha kids.

The sauce to the spring roll was delicious!!!! I'll have that again. Oh, and their chicken nuggets too. Yummmmm.  Those are my faveee. I always get that.

I must rave about the spicy tofu pad thai. Omg. It was just beautiful.  Heaven in your mouth,  :))) I love how lemony and spicy it was  

I WILL COME BACKKKK!!!!!
The best friend is a vegetarian and suggested we try this spot for our girls night.  Of course picking a place with no alcohol is usually not advised, but hey, we're trying! 

Since my friend had been here before I got the same thing as her: the golden bowl.  So so so good!  It's so many yummy unique ingredients that you can't stop eating it.  The golden rolls are delicious!  

I will for sure be telling people about this great place.  I loved the reasonable prices and I saw so many neat things on the menu I would like to try.
Great place for vegan food.offers wide variety from asian to american to vietnamese dishes at a very affordable price of about $7-$10/main dish. Tried the following:
1) Gracious spicy noodle
Very delicious vietnamese styled spicy noodle. Liked the spicy vegetable soup base the best. Generous servings of soy protetin and veggies. Amazing soup noodles!

2) Golden BBQ vermicelli
Great combination of golden rolls with Vietnamese style vermicelli. The homemade sauce gave the dish most of its flavour. What a satisfying dish! 

3) Sweet and Sour Divine
Kind of a low point. The soy protein was a little too tough for my liking.and the serving was a little smaller than normal servings I'd expect.

Overall a plus for loving hut and I am sure to return to try out the other dishes. Great place for vegan lovers even though I am not fully vegan myself!
This place does a great job with vegan food. My ONLY issue is the large amount of sugar they use in many of their recipes. I would eat there regularly if the all the sauces and dressings were not loaded with all that sugar.
I was eager to try this place. My husband is a meat and potatoes kind of guy, but I convinced him to come along. I was still worried, though--I wanted him to like his food. The propaganda aspect worried me a little but it wasn't that bothersome. The TVs are at a very low volume.

I advised him to get the #44 Mongolian Wonder because of the Yelp reviews. I ordered the #55 Phoenix Leisure. Our two cups of water and broth soon came out. The broth appetizer was quite good.

The food soon followed. It smelled great and the proportions weren't bad at all; it looked exactly as depicted on the menu. Looking at other tables, the soup bowls are enormous, too. My husband was pleasantly surprised by his food. He said the texture was a little off of beef but it was good. He ate it all without any complaint, and I gave him most of my brown rice, too.

My dish was good, too. The rainbow salad wasn't anything spectacular but it WAS much better than the side salads you get at most other restaurants. It had a great crunch and the colors were pretty. The protein was excellent; sauce had excellent savory flavor. The vegetables were perfectly cooked--crispy, not mushy. The brown rice was perfectly steamed.

If this restaurant was closer to where I lived, I'd probably visit on a regular basis. There are a number of other things on the menu I'd love to try.
Always fresh and everyone is so helpful, especially ff you are not sure what you want to try.  I love love love No. 36 - BBQ Noodles.  The veggies are so fresh and never wilted.  The ginger vinegar sauce is also fresh.  Must try!!!
I have been here a few times and each time I've had a stellar meal. I came here a few days ago with my boyfriend and got the spring rolls and spicy Pad Thai. Everything we had was soooooo tasty. I love that you get a little bowl of soup at the beginning of the meal. 

The spring rolls are fried and have a wonderful dipping sauce. The vegetables inside tasted great. My spicy Pad Thai was amazing. The heat was just right and the noodles were cooked perfectly. The food was so good we both said we could eat here every day. 

The staff was super attentive and friendly. If you're in the mood for great vegan food or you want to try out vegan food this place will now disappoint!
To say that I was floored by the Loving Hut would be an understatement.  I had the Save the World Curry (which was essentially a yellow curry) and it was AMAZING!.  My friend and I also drank the green tea: it was so clean and fresh and authentic.  The service was friendly and attentive.  As someone who is not vegan, I was impressed by the pleasant flavor and texture of the food: I didn't miss the meat at all.  

I can't wait to go back!
I had the spicy veggie wrap with green tea.  The wrap had good flavor and the tea was light and delicious.   I also bought some vegetarian bacon to try.  I think the wrap could have used some kind of veggie cheese as it was a little vinegar-like for my taste buds, but I did like it.  There was a mix of great vegetables and a slight spice came through but also a sweet twang was in it that I didn't like.  Anyway, the ingredients are high quality and I have been here many times for delicious healthy food.  Next time I'll go back to my usual fried items and curries.  This place is great!
Loving Hut is adorable! The name in and of itself just screams it. 
When you enter, you look at a menu, decide what you want, and go up to the cashier and order. They encourage you to pay with cash to keep food costs low. They have a variety of food items, all of which of course are vegan. Non-vegans, I encourage you to try this place, because they do not skimp out on flavor! I tried the Vietnamese sandwich and it really tasted like barbeque! They also have very yummy and interesting drinks. When we sat down they gave us complimentary soup before our ordered entrees! 
I was pleasantly surprised by Loving Hut and plan on visiting again!
I gave up meat on Friday's for lent. My first time to loving hut and had spicy pad thai. I really liked it. Service was nice too. I'll be back
Guru Fried Rice, delicious. Pate chaud, delicious. Pad Thai, delicious. Everything here is great tasting and cruelty free. The only things I haven't really tried are the vegan American foods such as the hotdogs and spaghetti. Mainly because the Asian inspired are more waft they are known for. My mom also bought the soup broth packet from their market section and it came out wonderful tasting. Just throw in your favorite veggies and you're good to go!
Tried it couple weeks ago and even went back soon after!  Impressed with the variety of vegan entrees the menu offers (chili dogs!) the food is great and the curry is a stand out. 
The staff was very helpful on both occasions despite a steady group of diners while we were there. 
My one complaint is regarding the two TV's in the dining area. On each occasion they were showing an international QVC like channel. Culture is an amazing thing yet couldn't one tv have a more familiar show?
VERY GOOD.  The owner always comes over and chats with us and the staff is always so sweet.  I'm vegan, and it's great when I'm craving something that resembles the way I used to eat (i.e. hot dog and french fries).  Their Mumbai Chai is AWESOME and we haven't had a bad thing on the menu yet - and we've tried a lot.  Plus the prices are very fair!  Love it!
Okay, after having their homemade Sweet & Sour Dish, their Pho, Hawaiian Burger & Fries, and Lemongrass Ice Tea... I'm convinced this place has the best quality vegan food in Phoenix/North Phoenix. 

Great price, convenient location, friendly staff & management! 

Always excited to come back!
There's something for everyone at Loving Hut!

From Burgers, Hotdogs and Fries to Stir Fry, Chinese, and a wide variety of rice/noodle dishes. Everything I've tried is incredible, flavorful, healthy, and cruelty-free! The.benefits are endless and to have a local hot spot like 'Loving Hut' in the area it is in, is a blessing!

Recommended items: 
Hawaiian Burger
Spaghetti
Wontons
Pho
Sweet & Sour Divine
And any of their stir fry rice dishes!
Everything is great but they just need either more staff or faster service! The wait is too long, especially if you Are on work lunch...
Good place for vegetarian food.   I had a veggie burger which was very good.   My daughter had somekind of Hawaiian dish made with imitation chicken that was awful.   Tasted like it came from the frozen food section of a supermarket.   She left it   This place is hit or miss.   The staff os friendly and the place clean.  They need to change their display of t shirts.   They look like they have been hanging there too long.    I might or might not go back.    Good concept though.
Being vegetarian I have been to Loving Hut many times.  The food and the atmosphere are great.  Service is always fast and friendly.
I love this place -- we eat here about once a week.  I'm not a huge fan of fake meat, so I stick mainly to the tofu dishes, but I love the Rainbow Salad, the Veggie Tofu Delight, the spring rolls, the curry soups, and the Kung Pao. In fact, the only thing I ever had here that I wasn't wild about was the eggplant dish. My husband isn't even vegan and he loves it here, too. The place is clean, the staff is awesome, and the food rocks.
Ventured here on a weekday night to test out the vegetarian / vegan food.

We had the spring rolls- it was not that good, just average. Have had much better. Needed to use a lot of sauce to give it a taste.

Mumbai ice tea was pretty good!

Pad thai- solid, but the noodles were not tasty. However, they used a lot of carrots and other vegetables. 

Soy meat noodles - something like a brocoli and beef but the vegetarian style. pretty solid. seemed fresh.

We came about 30 minutes before closing time but while we were eating the server asked us to take our dishes. made us feel unwelcome and rushed. that was not very professional.
Really delightful little restaurant.  The chai tea tastes like perfume for the mouth. Flavors I have never experienced before. Highly recommend, very clean and the staff was exceptionally pleasant. I hope this place is appreciated for its flavorful healthy food.
Looking for a bite, or to pick from the vast selection of very tasty smoothies, or a good coffee to start a day, this is your place. The staff is so relaxed and unobtrusive ... And food is descent as well.
For me, getting five fruit and veg a day is near impossible. However, this may be about to change, as I have now discovered Hula, and the smoothies hear are great. 

A huge range of fruit (and some very odd 'alternatives') smoothies and juice drinks is well priced, and freshly made in front of you. If however, a super berry smoothies isnt your thing, Hula does coffes and teas as well, with snack food at a reasonable price.

One of three local stores, the grass market Hula has a performance area for local musicians, so the atmposhpere is very relaxed and chilled out.

A great little find, and I will be coming here more often than I go to the shops for carrots and brocolli.
I'm not a huge smoothie fan, but I popped in here and was quite happy. Hula is a smallish cafe just off the Grassmarket, and is loosely themed on Hawaii. I saw loosely because the decor consisted of a few hula skirts. 

They offer a range of smoothies and will even add anti oxidants or energy boosts to your chosen drink. I had a Betty Ford smoothie, which I think was banana, peach and I'm going to say strawberry. See that is why I'm not a huge smoothie fan, because they all taste the same no matter what you put in them. After I ordered I noticed Tiffin Milkshake was the special of the day and was gutted I hadn't gone for that. The nice girl made the smoothie in front of me while multi tasking by serving the people seated as well. Hula also do sandwiches and soup so great for a quick lunch. Not too overpriced either considering it is in tourist territory.
What's that? Somewhere in the Grassmarket that doesn't sell cheap vodka or deep fried haggis? Surely not...

That was my reaction when I first heard about Hula, but it turned out that my friend wasn't lying at all. In fact, not only is it a smoothie bar, it's a fantastic smoothie bar. They have all sorts of weird and wonderful fruits for you to choose from, and if you don't fancy any of their suggested combinations from the board then they'll happily knock together your own concoction.

If you're feeling really healthy, you can get a spot of lunch here too, as they do bagels and wraps.

It's really good value for money, it's tasty, fresh and the staff are always nice and friendly. You can't ask for much more than that.
Feeling a little parched and devoid of vitamins I thought I'd rely on Hula to perk me up with their fruity offerings.  True to form they supplied me with a flavour packed glass of what they call 'Sunshine in a cup'. Its potent mango, orange and passion fruit mix complimented by some smooth and creamy yoghurt perked me up good and proper.

It seems every man and his dog offers smoothies these days without actually doing the product any service, Hula on the other hand know exactly how to make them and damn they're good. Inexpensive too.

Also, the staff are warm and inviting, seemingly taking pride in making your face beam with a sip of their goodness packed delights.
Yum, got to love a good smoothie. Whoever got the idea, however long ago, to blend fruit and other dairy products together to make an amazing taste concoction and in the process make being healthy appeal to everyone...well, they're clearly pretty awesome. I don't know how anyone can say they don't like fruit, when the magic of a blender can sort you out with any combination of edible items you like in a tasty juicetastic form. 

Hula does in fact feel a bit Hawaiian, or like a cafe you'd go to abroad at any rate, and it has a really cool vibe to it, with equally cool and banterful staff. If you want a really good choice of smoothies, then this is your place, plus they serve decent food if you're peckish.
Amazing location, great vibe, delicious food, frighteningly good coffee and the cakes? THE CAKES. They looked fantastic.

Keen for a quick snack stop to reclaim some energy after walking round the city all day, we found this on the Yelp app and waded right in. Felt right at home here - the warm and friendly atmosphere and the eclectic music playlist. 

I had me a delicious smoothie and asked the waitress to throw in some booster shots. It sorted me right out and finally kicked the hangover into touch too. Bonus.

It's right central too - but not swarmed by other tourists. Worth finding!
What a delightful little place Hula is. In the midst of the festive season, feeling like I wanted coffee, cake but also some vitamins Hula hit the spot perfectly.

At the bottom of the Grassmarket, it might be easy to walk by, as from the outside it doesn't look particularly fancy (especially with the posh nosh places up the top, and the whole pig-inna-window at Oink!) Inside it's cute, quirky but again not overstated or with any particular 'stamp' of personality. But the staff were all really friendly and down to earth, which I liked a lot.

My cappucino was delicious, very well made, and the millionaire shortbread to accompany it was perfect. The glass of OJ afterwards cleansed my palate perfectly for some more Christmas fare later that night. 

They had some delicious looking smoothies chalked up on the wall which I'll definitely be back to try.

Hula isn't trying to rival the big chain brands, nor is it trying to be a Deli serving Orange and Polenta cream cheese cake (don't get me wrong, I like this). Instead, it has a traditional british feel about it with the cakes and sandwiches on offer, but is just a bit more special than the standard fare and the smoothies really do look a treat. If I worked or lived nearby this would definitely a regular, local for lunch or afternoon coffee.
Really friendly! great and healthy snacks! try the nutty professor banna and peanut butter milkshake (with frozen yoghurt rather than ice cream so a bit healthier!)
Fantastic place with fantastic staff!!

Combination of fresh and frozen fruit chosen to best suit the smmothie makle this one heck of a place. Amazing taste and produce these guys really exel healthy treats.

If you are a fan of hummous try theirs its top notch, staff are very helpful and will even consult with you on what smoothie you will enjoy based on your taste

Brilliant wee place means Jd = happy man!!
Wow hold up and hold the phone. I just realised my review of Hula was written 6 months ago after only one visit in which only coffee was drunk. Since then I have returned many many times for breakfast, lunch, smoothies, and booster shots and feel it definitely deserves an update!

Hula's signature 'Sunshine in a Cup' really does sum this place up wonderfully. At the bottom of Victoria Street in the Grassmarket, this lovely little space is a real suntrap. Every time I've been, whether it was April or June, and despite the ridiculous 'summer' we're experiencing in Edinburgh right now, Hula was filled with sunlight streaming through the windows. Paricularly delightful in the morning. It's got a great chilled out, friendly atmosphere, comfy bench seats and plenty tables. There's also rotating art work on the walls, always something new to look at. And Susan, the owner, has a cabinet of fabulous, fabulous shoes for sale that I always eye up over my latte then distract myself with a muffin... It definitely has personality!

And as for the smoothies themselves? Oh my. I've sampled quite a few now, and watched the smoothie-crafting skills of the Hula girls. These ladies really know their fruit, chocolate and other magical ingredients. Yes, some smoothies contain dark chocolate, some even contain millionare shortbread. But generally when one wants a smoothie they're looking for a wee health kick. And look no further. My favourite is definitely still 'Sunshine in a Cup' but there are so many different combinations.

The health boosters are brilliant too. I was in one morning looking very poorly and was given an extra special blend with added echinacae. After 4 days of flu-y cold, the next day it was gone! Medicine of the gods I tell ye.

The porridge with berry compote is perfect on a cold winter's day. The bagels are very generously sized and mine came packed with bacon. The mint tea is made with REAL MINT LEAVES (this is always a huge plus for me). The crockery is mismatched tea pots and cups which I adore. The coffee is caffeine-fuelled goodness, supplied by Artisan Roast (favourite) and I know they take their barrista skills seriously. The coconut latte, made with coconut milk rather than syrup, is also something that's worth trying.

In my slightly incoherent ramblings, I think I have managed to sum up my general love for Hula as a perfect morning breakfast spot, or lunchtime lounger, or anytime fruity funtime place to go. There's a great vibe, awesome tunes on, great art work and shoes to admire, delicious food and really exceptional smoothies that are bound to have you hop, skip and jumping out the door and down the Grassmarket afterwards.
A wee bit surprised about this place. Passed a coupe of times and never thought to look in. Perhaps because it's so close to the Grassmarket I presumed it would be pretty standard fare. Bagels good and the fresh fruit and granola looked amazing.  Only downside was a member of staff told me I couldn't pay at the counter and directed me back to my table where I had to wait for her to bring me my bill and then my change. Very odd. Good all the same.
Misty rain this a.m. in Old Town and thus I was in search of warm comfort food but should I go for full Scottish breakfast that sounded either one step above or below Denny's in U.S. or little place down the street; since the former is a bar whose server is not to be found, to Hula I went. I ask the server at 9:30 a.m. if it was too early to get soup and she says, "It's never too early for soup!" My kind of place. I ordered a chicken corn chowder which seems to have pureed potatoes as part of the soup base and comes with great thick slices of crusty grain bread and butter. Yummy and just the thing to warm up with.

Later in the day, I returned for a large Orange & mango smoothies w/ energy boost. This too was good. The business has a great vibe with locals, international visitors speaking multiple languages, friendly staff, good eats, and wifi. This was another place I was lucky to stumble upon that I remembered reading about in Yelper Jenny L's reviews.  Well worth checking out.
Lovely for both sitting in and taking away, the Hula Juice Bar is a little ray of sunshine. It offers a lovely array of soups, to go with its range of signature smoothies.

Overall, we said: "It's always such a delight to see people enjoying what they're doing at the same time as producing things to a high quality. We'll be back to try more soups and wraps from their range, soon."
'Sunshine a cup'   That's their signature smoothie but that also sums up the place very well.

Best cup of coffee in town.  I do not know how they do it, but it makes you feel amazing!  

The smoothies are fantastic, whether you need a healthy boost or are looking for a hangover cure!

The food and the cakes are very good.  I strongly recommend the haggis soup.  Lots of vegetarian and gluten free options too.

Susan and her girls are lovely, and there is free wifi.  Oh and a great location too!  

Really, what's not to like?
A second update, and third review, but I have since become a regular of the daily kind here and I really can't give it enough love. Read my previous reviews, below, to get a real sense of just what it's like here.

Hula has become a regular morning post-yoga pit-stop that sometimes lasts an hour over breakfast, sometimes 6 hours over breakfast, lunch, afternoon coffee and my laptop. And the girls in the caf don't mind one bit, they even encourage me to stay longer offering tea refills and proferring free sample smoothie tasties throughout the day.

The fact they have free wifi, and a very reliable source at that, means I can set myself up here for a full day's work and know that I'll be keeping myself hopped up on delicious drinks, booster shots, soups and the option of salad for lunch. They don't have salad on the menu but gladly prep one for me from the sandwich options when I ask for it without bread.

My new favourite in the Ginger Jack juice with an immune booster shot. Carrot juice, orange juice, lemon and ginger. With a bit of extra ginger. Perfect for the cold wintery months. And I recently got to try a new (or rather, old but returning) juice called something like Popeye's Punch (?) with Spinach, apple juice, lemon and nutmeg. Yes it's bright green but you can't really taste the spinach and I felt myself becoming healthier by the second as I drank it.

It's warm inside, the juices are icy cold, the staff are incredibly friendly and accomodating, there's a nice buzz and a mix of families, tourists and those looking for a solitary lunch like myself.

Hula has definitely now become one of my favourite, local haunts in the city - and an incredibly healthy, delicious one to boot!
Aloha....... second visit to Hula Juice Bar this lovely Birthday Morning.

I stopped by this place months ago on a trip through to Edinburgh to try and sort out a flat. After viewing a few, less than exciting places in Haymarket I wandered back into town and immediately headed right in this welcoming little cafe. Smoothies, yum, Bagels, yes please!! It was lovely the first time round although I did not hang around too much.

Today I met up with Jenny for a nice leisurely breckie. What could be better for you than a lovely smoothie jam-packed with fruits. How very healthy of me. Great thing is that we both wanted something a little different from the menu, I wanted cheddar instead of brie with my bacon croissant and Jenny prefers her porridge made with water and not milk. Not a problem.

Bonus of going with someone who is clearly a regular - we got to try a new juice the owner is mixing up at the mo. Beetroot, apple, lime/lemon, and ginger. It would have been very nice except me and ginger try to avoid each other, he always leaves a nasty taste in my mouth. 

Overall a great little place tucked away down in the Grassmarket. Although I do find myself drooling over the selection of shoes as well as the food!!!
I like this place.

That is, I like the vibe of it. The only problem? Glad you asked. I'm Dutch. I am tall and I've got long legs, nope, I'm not trying to sell myself here. But I felt very uncomfortable sitting on their furniture, now admittedly, I'm very strangely proportioned, I've got a tiny rump in comparison to my body and as such, I don't fit underneath most tables, at all, wherever I go. However, some of the wooden chairs at Hula are a bit more uncomfortable for me than most.

But hey, the food's good, the drinks are a wee bit pricy, but fresh fruit blended drinks usually are (and these are fresh!), and they taste absolutely great. But man, I'd love to sit in here, and be a bit more comfortable. I get it though, it's not a very big space and large comfy couches wouldn't fit without severly reducing the occupancy and thus depriving people of their awesomeness.

Either way, I'd say go try the place out, you probably won't have the same problems that I have. And I know you'll feel much healthier after leaving this place!
Hula smoothies are as addictive as crack...FACT. The good news is that they are a million times healthier for you than a class A drug. 

When I need a little pick me up there is nothing better than a Hula Blue Hawaiian smoothie. I've even gone out of my way to go and get one from their cafe in the Grassmarket, they're that good! (Usually its gulped greedily down at such a speed that head freeze is a forgone conclusion...patience is not my forte.)

But Hula don't just serve fabulous healthy smoothies, they do amazing food too. The soup and a sandwich deal is brilliant value so I usually have a chicken pesto bagel and soup when I drop in for food. 

But what I love most of all is how friendly and accommodating the place is. There's a great, almost bohemian, vibe to the place and a warm glow that seems to tempt you in from the cold during the winter months. I have a food intolerance so I have to make some changes to my food and drinks orders, but this is never a hassle with the staff and they'll even go out of their way to suggest alternatives that wont make me ill. 

Roll on the summer months, I'm dying to sit outside on a table in the sunshine enjoying my smoothie.
Have not seen the refurbished bar yet, but I must say their smoothies and coffees helped me recover from a very heavy hangover. And just for that, it deserves quite a few stars.

Very nice staff and owner indeed.

Could not use the wifi on that day, though...
I've come here a couple times to meet Miss Jenny L, and have really enjoyed being at Hula both times! 

The staff here are so very welcoming, and are very nice about altering orders. I had come here once before and ordered a cinnamon latte. When I returned for my second visit, they didn't seem to have it on the menu. But when I asked about it, they were more than happy to make me one! Delicious..

They have just undergone renovations, and it looks great! A lot more Hawaiian/hula themed, and just as cosy as before! 

The soups of the day are fantastic and I would highly recommend them. I've noticed that the ingredients they use seem very fresh. Definitely my lunch/coffee place of choice when hanging about the grassmarket!
Hula has had a make over. And it is most beautiful. Originally, Hula was my little haven of health in the Grassmarket. Smoothies, with booster shots. And they were happy to tweak some more heavy options on the menu (rice and chicken filled wraps into salads). But with this make over it's now an outright mecca of delicious, but healthy, food and drinks. There are cakes aplenty, great soups, the smoothies and juices I know and love, with an open and welcoming caf space. I didn't think they could improve Hula, to be honest, but it turns out they did!

Myself and three fellow yogis went here one very sunny, but cold, Spring morning and as we all entered let out a collective "ooooo"! It still looks like Hula, it still has the same welcoming feel, but it's just that little bit 'together'. It's comfier, the chairs and seats are a bit higher, there's more room, there's now a beautiful little window seat. The big serving bar area makes it all a bit easier for service, there's less of a draft from the front door.

And along with the physical make over, there's a few tweaks to the menu too. The new juice, Popeye, with spinach. It's delicious. And the introduction of salads to the menu, alongside the salads and wraps. There's more gluten-free options for cakes too (the goji berry and carrot cake I got was delicious.)



Read my previous reviews for an idea of the caf, smoothies and food itself (and see my many uploaded photos). But as a note on the refit and shop revamp, it's a big 5 stars from me!
Hula Juice Bar is THE coffee house for the social media crowd. There is free wifi for you to while away the hours as you enjoy the brilliant selection of smoothies (my personal favourite is the Whirling Dervish with an energy shot), coffees courtesy of Artisan Roast and the most amazing selection of cakes. 

The ethos in Hula is definitely around making the customer feel important and you always feel the personal touch, even when it is incredibly busy which it usually is for most of the day. The new refurb has made the space a lot more open and the extra large windows give a great view of the passing crowds in the Grassmarket and Victoria Street.

I can't recommend Hula highly enough, if you are in that part of town, go in and try for yourself.
I feel like I have just been slapped in the face with my five a day. 

I popped in to check out the newly refurbished Hula Juice bar today with a friend of mine. It looks great - still quirky and cosy but a bit more modern in its stylings. I had a whirling Dervish which was a delight of tangy flavour. My friend had a Ginger something or other which was pretty good I think - well she didn't let me have any so I assume that it was good! 

Anyway this was about my dozenth or more visit to hula and I felt it was time to review it. So although today I only had a smoothie - in the past I've had soups, sandwiches, bagels, cakes and other exciting things!  So the five stars is not just for today but for the whole Hulaexperience. That doesn't really work as one word....
hulexperience.... experihula....
,,,,,,,,
After discovering Hula at the Yelp Spring Spectacular, I had a date in my diary for a visit. I tried the Popeye smoothie at the Yelp event, and never being one to drink my veggies, I was an instant convert and so my trip to Hula was for the full size version. 

It was lovely (I swear I had healthy glowing skin afterwards) and also had a roasted vegetable sandwich on brown gf. This probably would have been enough on its own, but having been lured there by the promise of popeye juice and gluten free cake, then cake was to be consumed. Hula appears to be an outlet for ILovePureCakes and as I had tried the honey bee pollen cake at the Yelp event, this time I went for the Bakewell Tart. It was am-az-ing! Lovely and moist (some GF cakes can be dry and overly crumbly), I resisted the temptation to order more and it was great to be somewhere that offered more than generic biscuits or brownies.

The location is great and it is such a lovely colourful little place - I loved it and will return.

(Only one little irk for me - charging for GF bread :-(
A token charge perhaps but still to see it appear on the bill is annoying as my little local place doesn't charge for it and it is an independent cafe too.)
Hula is kind of like ... a hug. I know lots of people love it, but I really didn't expect a  juice bar to make me feel so cosy and friendly and happy! 

I had a Pink Lady which is apple, lemon, ginger and ... something. Can't remember, but it was delicious. And orange. Okay, pinky-orange. There's lots more seating inside than I imagined, free wifi, the friendliest staff, and I got a 10 percent Yelp discount! 

The only downside, and it's maybe a silly one, is that I'd like my drink in a glass when sitting in, rather than a takeaway tumbler. That just would feel nicer, I think. But it's only a little thing, and I'll definitely be back for another juice hug.
Hula is:
"Somewhere over the rainbow, way up high
There's a land that I've heard of once in a lullaby.
Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue
And the dreams that you dare to dream,
Really do come true."

This is what Hula juice does to me, it makes me break into song... *queue howling dogs in the distance* ... moving to Edi from Australia, I was disappointed with the fact there were no cool juice bars, and I also really struggled to find a funky wee cafe that made quality food, played good tunes & with service to boot... can you appreciate my excitement when on Australia day Hula Juice Bar made a special "Shiraz soup" for their antipodean fans, encouraging me to drive 1/2 way across town to sample... 

I can't recommend this wee spot highly enough, I now regularly drive from across town to get my Hula fix & Hula is my 1st stop when I have friends visiting Edinburgh as location-wise, it simply does not get better than this (my FAVOURITE street in Edi!)... to top it off for me, no matter what the weather is like in Scotland, Hula always have the sunshine turned on! 

Whether you are visiting Edinburgh for the 1st time, or a resident looking for a fresh place to try out ... get yourself down there! Sunshine in a cup guaranteed!
This place is full of sunshine in so many ways; the freshly squeezed fruity goodness in your cup, the newly refurbished decor, the art on the walls, the smiles and friendliness of the staff. Soup & a bagel/sandwich for 5.00 is an amazing lunch deal, the haggis soup is must try. They serve good coffee and a nice variety of cakes, one of my favourite places in town.
Second time in - first since the redesign- and didn't disappoint food-wise.  Smoked salmon bagel and the granola, yogurt and banana really good.  The fresh juice was nice - I went for a carrot, orange and ginger combo- though I'm not a fan of lots of sediment in my juices so took a bit of dental sieving to finish it off.  I really need to toughen up!!     

Obviously Hula is as popular as ever, mobbed today (bank holiday Monday) and perhaps the only real downside was I felt the staff were running to stand still.  My juice arrived after I'd finished my bagel and my partner's coffee midway through her breakfast.  Staff were very apologetic about the wait and you could tell this wasn't the norm.  

Looking forward to my next visit - this really is an oasis in an otherwise fairly arid Cafe landscape.
It was the lovely Kelly F who coined the phrase a #HulaCombo and it's one that has stuck. I goto Hula, a lot. There's probably a Jenny-shaped grove in several of the seats. And I have my own wee HulaCombo: a cajun chicken salad (the wrap without the wrap) and a Sunshine in a Cup smoothie. In case you ever would like to treat the lovely Miss F, hers is a Blue Hawaiian with a Pesto Chicken Bagel.

But today, today I discovered a new #HulaCombo. The problem with a winning combination is it means you sometimes never stray from it - always have 'the usual'. Today the spicy tuna wrap caught my eye. I asked for it without the rice, and as always in Hula this wee tweak to a standard menu which *could* have been a nuisance, wasn't a problem. So the Spicy Tuna Wrap loaded with tuna, fresh peppers and guacamole, and a Ginger Jack Juice with a Detox Booster.

Oh my. Oh yes. Oh my. I am now so torn. Which Hula Combo is now my usual?! It's not even a case of Hula Combo #1 and Hula Combo #2. They are both equally good. But I suppose this means I now have twice as many reasons to come.

The wraps are big, packed full of ingredients - no skimping or cutting corners here. And I actually commented to Kelly about how the tuna was perfect. Not too much mayo, not too little. Like I said, loaded with fresh peppers too, and that guac. Oh nom nom.

Three hours later and I'm still absolutely stuffed, with my immune system topped up, I can probably see better in the dark after all the carrot juice, and as happy as ever I've been.

This is probably my bazillionth update of Hula, but it's only fair seen as it's one of my most frequented businesses in Edinburgh - which in itself is testament to how much I enjoy it. It never disappoints, corners are never cut, the sandwiches, wraps, smoothies, juices, cakes are always so fresh and it really is Edinburgh's own little constant ray of sunshine.

It has made my day to have a new Hula Combo!
Hoorah! Ok, yes, lame wordpun, I'm Dutch, go with it.

So, after a long absence I went by Hula again for a proper juice and lo-and-behold: they have changed the chairs and benches to fit people of my legginess! Ooooh. I am a very, very happy camper indeed.

I had the soup and my girl-date had the bagel with added bacon, nom, and the Pink Lady Juice. It was absolutely hilarious to see her geek out over such delicious flavours, as she had never been to Hula before. I think the terms "Seventh Heaven" and "Organic Squee" were mentioned. I'm pretty sure that Hula has a new regular customer!

My soup was lovely, and my Dutch sensibilities were sufficiently freaked out by eating soup out of a bowl on a slope (this is scary to me, my country is flat) to not notice the somewhat less comfy seating outside on the terrace.

I love this place, and what they stand for. The healthiness of it, the organic nature. I love it. What's not to love? I'll clearly be back again.

If I'd have to suggest something, it'd be that the waiting staff, though lovely, needs some organisation. There was no menu for us to order at the counter, and the waiting staff seemed incredibly frazzled running all over the place, but it was a Saturday, and that might have been why. Either way, they're friendly, if a little frazzled, and that's all I care about. Go here? STAY here, that's my advice.
I really like this place.

Anywhere that serves fresh juices and great big bowls of soup is always great satisfaction and hits the spot every time :)

A great place to stop by for lunch with friends or just a quick juice :)
After a week of greasy fry-ups during our week in Edinburgh, we checked this place out, hoping for a delicious healthy breakfast. And I'm glad we did! The food was excellent...I had a most delicious fruit salad, which was topped with granola, yogurt, honey, and a berry sauce. There were several types of fruit, all of it ripe, delicious, and beautifully presented. My husband had a pesto & chicken bagel with brie, which he loved. I'll admit, I was eyeing up everyone's food at our neighboring tables, and everything looked scrumptious...especially the thick slices of whole grain toast with peanut butter. Yum. Unfortunately, I have to knock off a star for the rather slow service...our empty plates sat in front of us for ages while our server absentmindedly peeled fruit behind the counter. We finally had to go over and flag her down to get our check.  But overall a good experience, and  I will definitely come back here the next time we are in Edinburgh!
Kann ich nur wrmstens weiter empfehlen!!!
War bei meinem ersten Besuch in Edinburgh mit zwei Freundinnen dort, es gab eine verdammt groe & leckere Portion Porridge mit dunkler Schoki und Chili, dazu eine heie Schoki mit MarshmallowsYUMMY!!!
Bin immer noch total begeistert!!!
Wollte bei meinem zweiten Besuch mit meinem Freund wieder dort hin, nur leider waren sie grad am Umbauen
aber, ich komme wieder!!! Mein Fazit zu diesem kleinen Laden: Nettes Ambiente, nettes Personal
und super Essen & Getrnke
Really nice atmosphere, comfortable with good wifi. Great to meet friends or general sit, be and people watch. Quiet enough that you can peacefully sit and work. 

I strongly recommend their chicken and pesto bagel with or without brie! Smoothies are great but are rather expensive, thankfully they also do pretty good coffee. 

While their cakes look good they are exposed to air and very near the door and till which stopped me from trying any. This is surprising as the rest of the place is spotless even while busy at 3pm. 

Overall a great place that i am sure i will come back to many times.
Great food in a cozy environment, lunch deal is great and is offered at a good price for a warm soup and a wrap or bagel. The staff is very friendly. They also offer take away, but with the Scottish weather I recommend to go inside and enjoy the food and drinks.
I feel the need to update my Hula review again. I've written quite a few, so look back over my past ones to get a good idea of everything I love about it.

But my most recent love is their tuna wrap. They have no qualms with making me up one without rice and cheese (not pre-made in the fridge). And ohmylord. This is the biggest wrap I've EVER had. 

The tuna is lovely, and not overly mayo-y. In fact, hardly any mayo - just enough to stop it being dry. And the guacamole tastes home made and has a great spice to it.

One wrap sets me up for the day. A wrap at lunch time, and I'm not hungry till around 8pm. And it sees me through hot yoga.

Of course I need to keep shouting out the smoothies and juices. Wheatgrass boosters, the option of fat-free yoghurt to make a smoothie into a worthy breakfast feast.

I've been coming to Hula for 2 years now, since I moved to Edinburgh, and in that time it's been refurb'd, it's become a hit amongst Edinburgh locals and especially the social media, Twitter scene, they've extended the back, put in new toilets...but what hasn't changed is they still make amazing smoothies, juices and keep me very healthy and topped up on delicious, good-for-me goodness.
We love Hula. Everything is well thought out and well delivered. I love the juices and the cakes. Breakfast is always a real treat. It's in an amazing part of Edinburgh and really great value too.

Cant wait to go back.
I walked by it one day and was like this place looks awesome and actually later that day I was with a walking tour and we stopped there.  Really great customer service, and the Espresso Macchiato was really good too, I bet this place makes you smile when you walk in on a cold, wet day.  I could see myself being a regular if I lived nearby.
Last time, I gave Hula 4 stars - they charged for GF bread so that ticked me off. Didn't stop me from going though and I do visit more regularly than my check-in's suggest - namely because I head in, grab food and then have my hands too full to use the Yelp app (and iphones are fragile little darlings and don't react well to cobbles) as I'm walking up Victoria St.

I love Hula. When I'm tired I head to Hula. When I have crap hair and dodgy skin, I head to Hula. When I've walked into town and need refreshments, I head to Hula. So why is this? I love their smoothies and juices. As I said in my last review - I eat my veggies, but as far as I was concerned, veggies were for eating, not drinking. Now, I drink my veggies courtesy of the Popeye - spinach, apple, lemon and nutmeg. It is divine! It is my cold curer - get in there as soon as the sniffles start and if skin and hair looks ropey then I order a large Popeye and I soon have a ready-brek glow.

Food is great too :-) No charge now for GF bread - hurrah but something happened on my last visit. Something immense that only GF people can understand. Normally chicken soup is off limits. Creamy (not overly so) chicken soup, with chicken bits and is good for the soul, but usually comes packed with wheat flour so is off limits. But at Hula - I HAD CHICKEN SOUP FOR LUNCH AND IT WAS AWESOME! It was gf, had ginger in it - ha! potential cold had to go somewhere else after that - and it was so damn good and reminded me that I miss having chicken soup for my lunch if I'm out and about. I had the soup and sandwich deal (gf bread) which was tons of food with my sandwich packed full of spicy tuna and only 5. Worth more for the virtuous healthy feeling I had leaving Hula.

So, yep Hula is well worth a visit. You know already that it's a great wee colourful haven on a dark, cold winters day with friendly staff, free wifi, awesome drinks and food, so if its been awhile, its time to get reacquainted.
Love the Flat whites and the staff are always nice!
Roses are red,
Popeye juice is green,
Hula Juice Bar, J'adore
The most fruit-filled, colourful caf I've seen

On Valentine's Day, I am dedicating a review to one of my favourite places in Edinburgh. My previous reviews tell a long-lasting love affair with Hula, and even after two years, I have something new to include in my review.

When I first moved to Edinburgh, two years ago, it was the winter the Snow hit. You remember that snow? That covered the whole city in frozen, trampled down, thick snow. I had researched Yelp for nice cafs in my area, and being something of a health-conscious person, I was delighted and intrigued by a smoothie and juice caf that promised to fill me up with vitamins.

So along I came and had a coffee with chocolate caramel shortcake, and orange juice. Back then, the caf looked different. I can't even remember how it looked really. 

Flash forward two years and in that time, Hula has had a makeover and is now one of the most colourful cafs in the city. Some new juices have appeared on the menu - the aforementioned Popeye which is filled with Spinach being one of my favourites.

For a day when I'm feeling super hungry, the mexican tuna wrap provides a feast with the excellent, spicy guacamole a bonus.

For a morning when my yoga practice was particularly hard, and I'm at once thirsty and hungry, Sunshine in a Cup smoothie with a slice of banana cake (gluten free) does the trick.

For an afternoon when I'm tired and run down, I could skip coffee and have a Ginger Jack juice with extra fresh ginger, and an Energy Booster.

There are salads, wraps, bagels, fresh soups, porridge and fruit salad for breakfast, juices and smoothies all day long, and cakes that are supplied from several local Edinburgh cake-bakers (Mrs C, Love Pure Cakes, Peppers to name a few).

And the new, wonderful addition to Hula? I believe they are now running Juice Detox programmes, whre you can pay a set fee and Hula will provide you with literes upon litres of juice each morning, which you drink all day. And that's all you drink. I won't go into the intricacies of a Juice Cleanse just now, but read any Yoga blog and you'll know that they're so hot and healthy right now. 

Having tried a juice cleanse in the past, making the juices myself, I know that I didnt drink enough juice and probably get enough nutrients to supplement the lack of food I wasn't eating. But I believe everyone who has had the 4litres-of-juice-a-day Hula Juice Cleanse felt wonderful at the end. I shall be trying this programme soon, and reporting back on results.

Hula makes little rays of Sunshine in a Cup, and it is a little ray of sunshine itself in the Grassmarket.
In a central zone, on one of the prettiest streets in the city, one wouldn't expect to find some of the best coffee in town. Artisan roast is on offer here, and a cappuccino will only set you back by 2.20. Besides the location, the exterior and interior design is also very colourful and quirky. 

On offer are many cakes, including a couple of gluten free options. Soups and paninis are the main things on the food menu, which can be made with gluten free bread. They also stock lazy days millionaire's shortbread, which are both gluten free and vegan! 

I didn't try any of the cakes, though I intend to. I came in with a few friends I hadn't seen for ages for a refreshing drink on a relatively warm sunny day in February. My boyfriend had some sort of red berry smoothie with frozen yogurt, which was tasty, though considering the price the frozen yoghurt was hardly noticeable, and my friend's sunshine in a cup was apparently good. I had a ginger jack juice, which although refreshing, was no way as good as the ones I make at home with my juicer. I put in 4 carrots, an apple and a bit of fresh ginger, and out comes the most delicious concoction ever...  Unfortunately the hula juice was pale in comparison, it was too frothy and not tangy enough, I guess to save fruit?

Juice aside (ironically considering this is a juice bar), the smoothies are really good, as is the coffee, and the choice for people with specific diets or intolerances/allergies is great. The location is convenient and it's a nice place to sit. Maybe the sound of the juicer can be a bit annoying if you want to read, but for a quick energy boost it's a fantastic place.

Please just be more generous with the ingredients next time! I will definitely be returning to try the food and have some coffee.
a winter in edinburgh generally means grey days, cold and wet weather, and a total lack of colour and sunshine.  and then there is winter inside Hula Juice Bar...color, sunshine, smoothies full of fruity goodness!! oh yes, i felt like i'd stepped into summer time a few months early when i came here on tuesday night :)

the shop very kindly stayed open for an extra hour so the cake committee could come and meet about setting up a bake off for charity!  all very exciting, but made much more so with the dominant yellow colour that was on the walls, chairs, and counters of hula.  and then there are the juices, my betty ford was a pretty pink, the popeye was a lovely forrest green, and even Susan M's tea came in a beautiful blue teapot.   all delivered by friendly smiling staff :)

so yes the colourful environment was very pleasing, but so were the lovely juice blends they had!  i found myself debating between a few of them but went for the betty ford that was lovely and full of strawberries and peach with just a hint of banana.  it was just the pick up i needed after scoffing a birthday cupcake during the afternoon at work.  i left feeling revived and healthy and sunny even though it was dark and cold outside.

i'm definitely a fan of hula and hope to get back there soon to try some of their tasty food offerings in addition to more juice!  i only wish this place was closer to leith...or that they had a second shop in leith!!
My flatmate and I go here sometimes three times a week because it's always guaranteed to be good. The toasted bagel sandwiches are the best and with soup for the lunch deal, it's quite a bargain!
Okay, so I returned on the promise of a better juice. I wasn't disappointed.

My boyfriend came in for breakfast this morning, he got a 'sunshine in a cup' with frozen yogurt, I got the ginger jack again. This time I was asked whether I wanted extra ginger, a question to which I could only answer "yes"! This and the ice made all the difference... It was a more flavorsome drink, and the ice made it refreshing. Maybe last time I was unlucky with the carrots? My boyfriend loved his sunshine and a cup. I tried it-it was sweet and tangy. I also got the gluten free and dairy free Bakewell cake-incredible! It was so moist, the almond flour gave it such a buttery taste. My boyfriend said his raspberry muffin was equally fantastic.

The options available were a little overwhelming, I think I will have to make multiple return trips to try out all those gluten free cakes, even though I will be tempted to keep going back for that incredible Bakewell. It is not often that coeliacs are spoiled for choice. 

Half way through our breakfast we were offered a sample of the newest juice which isn't yet on the menu, which consists of kale, coriander and apple. It was really refreshing and left the mouth feeling clean. 

I will definitely be returning as this seems to be one of the best options in town for food intolerances, and unfortunately I have too many of them.
Vldigt trevligt, vlkomnande och mysigt caf i glada frger och fnkl (!) som dekorationer i kylen (tminstone vid detta tillflle). Bestlla take-away direkt ver disken, annars bordsservering.

Allt detta r givetvis positivt, men det som gr Hula till en klockren femma r kaffet! En riktig kaffe r riktigt bra, och t.o.m. en mocha latte r ljusr bort frn det sockerblask man fr hos Starbucks. Laptopvnligt med gratis wifi (med en rlig nskan om att kpa ngot motsvarande priset fr en kaffe per anvnd timme, helt rimligt). Sunshine!
This is a great little juice bar with some good food too. It's a great place to grab a quick breakfast before exploring grassmarket. Try the Betty Ford smoothie!
I am a smoothie-addict, and therefore I am quite fussy about what I drink. This place has not failed to impress me. The manager is a very friendly and dedicated lady and this adds to the quality of the experience.
The menu is very rich and it always includes a fairly good selection of cakes.

I personally love thicker drinks, so I definitely appreciated the possibility of adding frozen yogurt for only 50p. It makes the smoothies absolutely outstanding without ruining the taste.

The place is very tidy and colorful, it offers free wi-fi and it's an option I would reccomend to anyone happening to be in that area.
Juice Bars are easily my favourite things on this planet, from the whole fruit smoothies to the fruit and veg blended juice drinks, I am in love with it all. This is some of the best I've ever had. And I've tasted a lot. 

I was in Hula Juice Bar today and had the Blue Hawaiian smoothie, which contains blueberries, strawberries, banana and apple, and was absolutely beautiful. I didn't try any food but I'll definitely be back to do so as it looks amazing. I have so many reasons to come back; hundreds of juice and smoothie combinations to try!

The venue itself is so accommodating and friendly. The vibrant colours and the eccentric mismatched chairs add a happy atmosphere, which is helped along by the friendly full-of-smiles staff, who seem to know quite a few of the regulars by name. 

If you're craving a juice fix, I insist you head down to the Grassmarket and try some outstanding smoothies. You'll thank me later!
I had an absolutely fantastic breakfast, and overall experience, at Hula. I had a bagel with brie cheese, cranberry, and tomato, and it was just delicious. The brie cheese melted on the warm, perfectly-toasted bagel and created a gooey and tasty sandwich. My coffee was fresh and strong, some of the best I've had in a long time.  I left feeling completely satisfied and happy with the meal. As I strolled by the storefront about 10 minutes later, a staff member was setting up chairs outside and flagged me down, saying she was so happy to catch me because she had accidentally charged me a few pounds too much. Honest to boot - they could have easily written me off as a gullible tourist, but chose to take the high road. I will definitely be back to Hula to try more of their menu!
Great little place, the outside looks a bit naff and cheap tbh but the inside has comfy seats, cool art on the walls and the food is both interesting, good value for money and most importantly Tasty! The staff are not too bad either :-)
Cute little place in the Grassmarket. I really love getting their " hot apple pie" drink on cold mornings. YUMMY
Their oat meal always looks yummy but have yet to have enough time in the morning to try it.
I have only had a cake there once and it was dry and so I convinced myself I didn't need to try them again b/c I lack the need for extra calories
friendly staff, lovely interior, and good food and juice offerings. i had the sunshine in a cup and it was sweetly tart and yummy. my boyfriend opted for the nutty professor and finished it in a second, so i think he definitely enjoyed it!
I went here for a friend's exhibition recently and although I've heard lots about Hula Juice Bar this was my first time going in here. I liked that they exhibit peoples work as it's something different to see while you're in their establishment. Unfortunately I only got to try the cocktail that was being offered for the exhibition (as I got there a bit late to order anything) but I was loving the lists of juices, etc up on the wall. I'm going to have to make my way there for another visit to try them out. It was incredibly warm in there though, but I don't know if this is normal or just that particular evening I was there. Either way I'm going back :)
What a nice place to have a special meal done with an artistic touch, served with an exotic juice, to make you feel the indulgence of the city. Orders are served particularly fast.
Food very nice, good lunch deal where you can get soup and a sandwich for 6 odds. A good place for a pit stop when you're out and about; everything tastes fresh and good quality. Must say that the soups are especially good.

As for smoothies, I've only ever had the banana and peanut butter one. Gosh, it was good. I'm sure the wide selection of juices on offer will do the owner proud. Smoothies are a bit steep - it's almost 4 for some of them. But for a treat you could do an awful lot worse! 

Pleasant ambience in the cafe - plenty of seats to rest your weary toosh, and there's a section through the back if it's all looking busy when you first step in the door. Also like the art from local artists that is hung on the walls.
Now I know what all the fuss is about! I swear I've passed Hula by unaware of its very existence! And now, I find that in that very spot exists the infamous, wonderful smoothie hula haven I've heard so much about! (And they really do go to town on the hula theme!) 

Hula is just the right sort of small to feel cosey and not cramped. The staff were super welcoming and it was great to see that we got 10% off our order when we checked in on Yelp. Hooray!

I went for the Betty Ford with strawberry, peach, apple and banana and my smoothie significant other went for a Ginger Jack fruit juice with carrot, ginger, apple and orange. Wow! I will not accept any less than the smoothie scrumminess that is Hula. They tasted like pure fruit and were blended to perfection. 

With our yelp discount, it came to about the average cost for two large smoothies at any smoothie bar. But tasted like one of the best smoothies I've had. And I've had a fair few! (Got to get them fruits!) Now to say I'd get the train to Edinburgh just to get my Hula fix would be a crazy lie. (Boy, I wish I could!) But when I'm in town, it's first on my agenda!
I am a full blown addict to The Ginger Jack, Pink Lady and any green juice specials from Hula. 

It is well placed at the end of Victoria Street, in the Grassmarket area of Edinburgh and it is so bright and welcoming that it is hard not to love even before you have tasted the juices & smoothies.

Run by Susan and her lovely, friendly staff you will leave feeling healthier than when you entered.

I have also partaken in the 3 day juice cleanse that delivers 6 juices a day to you at home. Each and every one was lip-smackingly good and you even get a list of when you drink each juice, so your energy levels stay up.

I highly recommend popping in here for lunch or a pick me up take away juice and if you want a juice cleanse, this is the best place & service in Edinburgh .
Great food and juices, pleasant service, free wifi and a great lunch deal on soup and wraps. Really nice caff.
Good as always. Had the pesto chicken and sun dried tomatoes on a bagel ! Plus for the meal deal for lunch and got the zesty tomato coriander soup! DELICIOUS!!!!  Love this place
Hula is a cheerful and warming spot, especially on the gray winter days while we were in Edinburgh.  It is well-located right off of Grassmarket on the sloping Victoria Street (filled with its own delicious wonders), and was the husband and my favorite place for breakfast during our few days exploring the city.

The staff was incredibly friendly and gave helpful recommendations, not just about the fare but also about local places to check out around Edinburgh.

Their porridge made me really love Scottish porridge, and their hot drinks (teas, coffee, espresso drinks) were well made.  It was also the first place where we tried a flat white, which hasn't made its way to the "colonies" (aka the US).  And they stock our favorite porridge bars (a great upgrade from the sad, hard granola bars we know across the Atlantic).

I know Hula is called a juice bar, but for some odd reason - perhaps the hour of the day - we never got juice there.  Next time, though!  I'm looking forward to dropping in on our next visit.
Impressive food and drink.  Great large  cappuccino and hot chocolate went well with our morning bagels of salmon and pesto chicken which were fantastic (salad too!).  We give few five stars....their service cinched this rating ....and all for 15.
Fantastic breakfast / lunch spot especially for those with gluten and dairy sensitivity plus they have wonderful coffee. Do it.
I got a delicious mango and orange juice and was excellent value. Super friendly service. Being new to juicing I'd like more to choose from but it was excellent. Working up to trying a wheatgrass shot next time!
I will never understand how it took me so long to get around to coming here. And if I'm not back within two weeks then I shall eat my hat.

Because first of all... Colour. It is like walking into a rainbow of happiness. The walls are made of colours and on them are fluorescent vinyls painted with adorable characters and scenes (these are for sale and I would like one please if anyone reading this is looking for a present for me).

Aurelie M and I were lucky to get a table - we arrived right at the start of the lunch wave; ten minutes later and it could have been curtains for our lunch plans. Lacy, gently wafting curtains...

I opted for the Cajun wrap, which was wonderful, toasted to crispness on the outside and burrito-like in contents. With the side salad it was the perfect amount. I also had the Betty Ford juice, which was delicious and tasted very wholesome. I tried Aurelie's Pink lady too and it was SO GOOD. I want a whole one to myself!

Aside from a slightly perfuctory dump-dishes-and-run moment from the staff member so brought our orders (totally understandable given that the place was packed by then) this was a wonderful experience from start to finish and we never felt rushed to move on despite the people who never stopped appearing.
Nice zingy green/mixed juices, creative fruit smoothies, and hearty wraps, lighter salads, one or two soups of the day. In a town of haggis, potatoes, fish and chips, the option of detox and immune "boosters" is a refreshing break! But for the less angelic eaters, there are also bagel sandwiches, milkshakes, and yummy looking cakes brownies and shortbreads. You can grab or go, but better to sit and stay a while with the wifi and quirky lighthearted atmosphere.
We were looking for somewhere to have a good quick lunch and we found it! 

I'm recently a bit of a smoothie addict and there is nothing I love more than a creamy banana smoothie and so I was delighted when I got one here! 
We also had lunch here, I had a Cajun chicken wrap which was lovely and so filling! My boyfriend had the cream cheese and salmon bagel which he also devoured!

I was surprised to see there was 10% off the bill when you check in with Yelp which was a cheeky bonus!
Friendly staff, great food/coffee and well priced. When our bagels took a little longer than expected we were offered 2 more drinks on the house (generous and unexpected!) - the flat white is top quality.

Everything looks like it'd be just as good. Quick tip, 'would you like side salad' means extra salad on top of what is served with the food - it'd be cool if they made this a bit more clear!
103-105 West Bow, EH1 2JP. Craving your daily greens juice or a really yummy breakfast? Here.

Emily Rose Reeder
Delicious AND healthy - just what I like to hear! This place is a real gem in Edinburgh and if you haven't tried it already then I suggest you get your butt down there immediately!

First of all, there's nothing worse than opting for the healthy option and then having to endure tasteless, boring rabbit food. That's miserable, quite frankly, and nobody wants to pay for that! Luckily for Edinburgh, Hula serves nice healthy food that you can feel good about eating, that tastes amazing!

To drink, I had the Pop-Eye juice, whose main component was spinach, if I recall correctly. Now, for me, choosing to drink spinach is a bold move, and always a risk... but it tasted fab! It was just fruity enough to take the edge of the vegetables, but not so fruity that it felt like it was packed with sugar. The portion was large and it was freshly made right there and then (as it should be) by the lovely and friendly staff. All in all, a great (healthy) juice!

I then had their hummus salad to eat, which was equally delicious. Packed with flavour, this dish was full of great taste, textures and ingredients. I finished the whole thing and felt decidedly satisfied at the end of it! :)

The place itself is very cute too, though it was a little noisy at points because of the juicing! We also suffered a little wifi breakdown while we were there, however I'm still marking these guys as a 5 star, because if you want perfect wifi, go to Starbucks! The menu and food here was too good to deduct a star for technical difficulties, in my opinion! 

What a great little find in Edinburgh! I'll be back here again, for sure!
The only real juice bar in Edinburgh at the time of this review. They use actual vegetables in their juices - like spinach and kale, which is nice. The drinks are a little sweet for a real juicer like me (a little too much apple), but still healthier than the fake sugar in most other mainstream juice places. And since juicing isn't really a thing there, some sweetness is to be expected. 

So I can appreciate that they are trying to spread the juice culture to Edinburgh - they even had a class about why you should juice. 

Nice people and good sandwiches/wraps as well. I hung out there and used their wifi while eating and drinking healthy stuff.
Used Yelp to try to find a place to get a breakfast sandwich on our walk up to Edinburgh Castle and Hula looked the most promising. As much as I'd like to support local businesses, I wish we had just gone to Starbucks. I got a bagel with cream cheese and my husband got a ham/cheese bagel. They were fine, but so overpriced. For the same amount of money we could have gotten breakfast sandwiches with better stuff in them (like actual eggs!) from Starbucks.
Had a working lunch date with a friend recently - when we got in that morning she mentioned she'd only have a cup of tea, as she was on a bit of a fast - so lunch choice was up to me.  What a score to find Hula. 

The decor is bright and tropical themed (as one would hope with a name like 'Hula' - it will help you forget a damp grey day for sure.  The front room was bustling, but there's a back room, and that was nice and quiet, we managed to have a great meeting over lunch back there.

She managed to have more than just that cup of tea she'd been planning on sipping - the juices on the menu fit into her plan that day, and the green one she picked out was really nice, tasted like 'home juiced' if that's a thing. 

I had a spicy tuna wrap (chilli tuna, guacamole, rice, cheddar, mixed salads), it was a solid 'good', I remember feeling like it could've had 'more' - not sure what, cheese for sure, salsa would've lifted it beautifully, I don't remember thinking the rice added much.  The salad falls on the short lists of salads in restaurants I will eat - I remember it being full of bright, vivid colors (I am very picky about salads).  

All in all, for price, convenience, quality of food, ability to accommodate me and my friend, it was the perfect spot for lunch that day.

I have since recommended Hula to a coworker who was out for a lunch a few days later.  He reported back that he liked it and would be back. 

I work in the neighborhood and based on my own experience, and what I've read here - I'll pop back in sometime to try something else - a friend of mine has raved about the soups.  Might come back here after and add a star...
Had a wonderful breakfast here this morning after having just arrived from the airport. It was exactly what we needed to start our day in Edinburgh. The porridge was amazing and the juices were delicious. We loved the Popeye juice and the Tahiti smoothie! The toast and coffee also looked great so we are planning to return for breakfast tomorrow!
If you are vegan/GF and traveling to Edinburgh, you MUST go here. Even if you have a normal diet and just want delicious, fresh, and quick food, Hula is the spot. I've spent hours browsing Yelp and other sites to find delicious food thay doesn't empty my wallet, and I've found it. The bagels and fresh juice are my go-to :)
Hula hits the spot! 

This was my second visit to Hula, and it was just as impressive as the first. On a warm, sunny beautiful day in Edinburgh my esteemed colleague and I popped in for a healthful lunch. I had the Mexican hot wrap (tuna, avocado, veggies) and the house salad (bleu cheese, walnuts, apples)...GORGEOUS. Simply wonderful, and just what I had wanted. 

Followed with a delicious smoothie (hold the banana!) with rasperries, strawberries, blueberries and an antioxidant booster for good measure I felt a wee spring in my step as I exited. 

The staff are ever-so-lovely and unfailingly helpful. The place is a rainbow of colors and offerings, many items gluten-free, veggie-friendly, etc. Their listings of juices, smoothies, boosters and concoctions must be unparalleled! ALL THE JUICE. ALL THE FRUITS. ALL THE VEGGIES. (And some cakes, for good measure, of course!) 

A must-stop in Edinburgh, will not disappoint .

*free wifi (easy connection, passwords on tables!) 
*many outside tables in good weather, great location on a beautiful, bustling street.
If you're backpacking and want to try a good non-chain, then you have found your spot.

Amazing place, cute and fun atmosphere. Delicious quick breakfast for me. The bagel/smoked salmon was delicious and I highly suggest either the hot chocolate or the nutty professor.

Free wifi, friendly staff and now I have the energy to start my day.
The first word that comes to mind is YUMMY!  I am in this area every Wednesday and had been looking forward to eating here; last night I finally got the chance.  I had the Chicken Pesto Grilled Flatbread; great flavor at a great price.  The atmosphere is nice, very clean, with friendly and quick service.  I am already looking forward to trying the Peanut Butter Crunch and one of the many smoothies they offer!
Although my office is across the street and I've been there for years, this is the first time I visited.

The decor inside is precious, reminded me of my honeymoon in Kauai with bamboo strips everywhere. Lots of bright,happy colors.

I shared a Hawaiian Breeze w Splenda with the wife and our 7 yr old had Jetty Junior. We loved the drink - only 174 calories and very tasty.
The Chocolate Chiller smoothie is bomb.com! I love when they have their happy hour, where you buy one, get one free!
Delicious food.  Sorta of an odd location hidden behind blockbuster, but a good find.   The eggroll's are pretty tasty and overall its a good new fast casual restaurant for the area.  Very nice family run business.
Simply delicious and the service is top notch! Can't wait to go back and try out the lechon for their Grand Opening this Friday!
Kareys Kitchen...a new takeout fusion restaurant near me in PHX..yay~! I attended the soft opening and got to sample all of the filipino/mexican fusion tasties! The family is so friendly that you leave Kareys feeling all warm inside.., whether from the food or the family, and your wallet not too hit! 
Cassava cake is the bomb..even though Im not to into sweets.. 
A bit hard to see from the street ..next to Blockbuster on 40th.. look for it..its worth it:-)
Went Friday to take advantage of the special lechon (roasted pig).    
I found the cafe cozy- nice, dark wood furniture and dark wood blinds.  Definitely more welcoming than the restaurants in Chandler!  I found the high counter a little daunting- I, being only 5 feet tall, had to either hoist myself up on the counter with my elbows to peer down, or had to crouch down to have a look under the counter, and have a look through the sneeze-guard.  Their labeling system needs improvement: I vote for adhesive labels that go on the sneeze-guard so that patrons can easily identify the food on the buffet line.  I'm sorry, but no matter how often Karey and Purine say they like to cook the food to order, food laid out in huge trays and placed in "turo-turo" style ISN'T food cooked-to-order!

Here is a list of the food I tried that day:

1. Lechon, large order $6.99- includes corn tortilla (I subbed flour) and  choice of Spanish or Filipino garlic rice.  (I chose Filipino, of course!) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=SHZJN-BYDlPa74nDjqH2xg#SHZJN-BYDlPa74nDjqH2xg

2. 3-entree combo of Dinuguan ("chocolate stew"), Beef Mechado, and Pork Adobo $- includes garlic rice.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=Pcxd22BrQ9Ixjgm13149fQ#Pcxd22BrQ9Ixjgm13149fQ

3. Lumpia shanghai (fried Filipino pork eggrolls)- small order includes 8 pcs. of pork- and onion-filled mini-eggrolls that are fried.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=HyJX4evw0Ogej34RgcptkQ#HyJX4evw0Ogej34RgcptkQ

4. Halo-halo $4.50- frozen dessert consisting of sweet beans, coconut strings, coco jellies, ube (taro-based pudding), coconut milk, choice of ice cream, and shaved ice.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kareys-kitchen-phoenix?select=cphMBWm29BPKoaBidq9QCA#cphMBWm29BPKoaBidq9QCA

5. Pan of cassava $8- Cassava is a root, much like a sweet potato or yam that is pounded or ground into flour and then mixed with cream, butter, eggyolks, and sugar and baked/steamed into a cake-like dessert dish.  Somewhat cakey and much thicker than an egg-custard pie... A little help here, Joel?  

6.  To-go containers of Pork adobo and Dinuguan, each $3

I found all the entrees and eggrolls, save the mechado (meat was a little tough), very tender and very tasty (loved the dinuguan!).  However, they're ALL very greasy, unfortunately!  I'll never ever order the fried eggrolls again... Everytime I ate them, they came back to haunt me, and all due to the high grease and salt content.  A coworker came for her first visit (with her husband and stepdaughter. as well) after I had left, and told me that she found the eggrolls VERY salty, as well as the other dishes she tried there, but couldn't bring herself to tell the owners because they were all so very friendly and sweet.  Karen, Rey, and Purine, as well as Michael, were all very friendly and accomodating, this is true.

I would order the dinuguan and pork adobo again, but I won't eat any of it until I'm able to place them in the fridge so that their sauces may gel up and I can skim off the HUGE amount of fat, reheat, and then place them back into the fridge again so that I may re-skim the fat one more time.  Only then would I be able to enjoy these dishes.  They are very tasty, but I have to be careful...  Or I could enjoy them fresh, but without much of the sauce.

What my coworker and I definitely agreed on was that we'd both come back just to have the halo-halo again!  This dessert, similar to the Vietnamese Che ba mau, tasted like it was made from fresh ingredients, instead of from a bottled mix of beans, coco strings and jello.  I liked the ice cream they used, too.  You have your choice of either ube, vanilla, or mango.  I'll definitely have to come back and try a bowl of the two Filipino flavors...  As a special, Karen had prepared ginataan, a warm dessert consisting of plantains, jackfruit, coco strings, taro, and something akin to yams, cooked in coconut milk and sugar.  This looked and smelled so very good, but I couldn't try it due to food allergies.  I wonder if Joel had a sample?  I know he enjoyed the cassava... I did, likewise.

As for the lechon, I'm sad to report that the skin wasn't crispy at all, and I detected a chemical flavor every time I tried the skin.  It tasted much like what a disinfectant might taste like.  A faint hint, but still there, nonetheless.  The pork meat didn't wow me, either.  A big part of the enjoyment of lechon is the Mang Tomas Lechon sauce, which you can buy at Lee Lee supermarket in Chandler (or at Mekong in Mesa).  Awesome sauce, just ask Joel!  I'll have to try the leftover lechon soon with the sauce (I stayed away from it bec. I wasn't sure of the ingredients at the time).

I will definitely be back to try their daily specials.  I do hope that Karen and the others strive to lessen the grease content of their dishes...
I pass by here about every day on the way home and I was thinking before it opened that is was going to be just another plain jane place to get some food.  Was I wrong.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!
The first thing you notice is the warm and genuine greeting you get when you walk in.  And then to discover that it's Filipino/Mexican food.  Oh my goodess!   I would purposely go to Tucson on Mondays just to get chicken adobo at a Filipino place.  Not any longer.    
Karey's Chicken Adobo rocks!!  Just the right amount of spice and everything nice.  The Menudo is fantastic too...(not to be confused with Mexican menudo made with tripe) This is Filipino style!!  WOW!!
The Beef Mechado is spicy, hearty and thick and their garlic rice is just that...garlic rice.   I've had other garlic rice dishes before and the first thing that pops in your head at first taste is...where's the garlic??  It's not lacking any garlic when Karey cooks it.  
And then I am told that they are doing Lechon that coming Friday.  Yes indeed folks...whole roasted baby pig.  I venture in that Friday and there it is...quite a bit gone but the front half still there.  I picked up a half pound with Spanish rice and a few touches of crispy skin and let me tell you that meat was so juicy, so tender, so delicious... I can't wait for the next one.  It's been a while since I have had excellent Lechon and this was just that, excellent.
And the prices here are so reasonable you're going to come back again and again.  So many more things to try on the menu and I know I will not be disappointed.  You're gonna love their portions too!
The only thing that makes this place dangerous to me...I can get to it in less than 2 minutes when I drive.  :)
Lunched here Monday.  Had read all of the reviews, so expectations were high.  And they lived up to them..

About the place.  Family run, mother/daughter combo.  The son handles the web site and Twitter posts (check Twitter for daily specials).  They were very nice.  The mom kept bringing me food I didn't even order, just because I told her I would eventually try it.

The food:  I ordered a 3 item combo.  I was really only hungry enough for a 2 item, but for the sake of all of you, got the 3 so I could taste one more dish.  The chicken adabo was very simple and good.  Won't overwhelm you with flavor.  It is prepared using chicken wings, and they were hot and tender.  The spicy orange beef was very good.  Daily special I believe.  Very flavorful, with a hint of orange and red peppers.  Also tried the beef mechado, which I am told is one of their better burritos.  The potatoes that accompanied this surprised me.  I expected them to be a bit mushy, but they were perfectly crisp.  I chose mexican rice to go with it, but I believe they have garlic and white rice as alternatives.

They also gave me some of the cassava cake.  I am not a huge fan of coconut, but I tried and enjoyed it.  Also, they brought out a small sampling of their most popular item, the pork egg rolls.  They were almost like deep fried taquitos with a very unique flavor.  Served with sweet and sour, it is a MUST have!  They supposedly have to make 3,000 PER DAY!

Go try it out.  No soda fountain, so you can get canned soda and drinks.  Eat in (cute decor) or take it to go.  Not great for large groups, but 2 or 3 would be OK..
I'd like to thank the good Lord above for bringing another filipino restaurant to the valley! (And for yelp for letting me know about it)
I visited Karey's tonight because I had that hankerin' for filipino and since it was close to work and was getting great reviews I decided, hell yes!
After finding the tucked away business, I was warmly greeted by Karen and her brother. She told me of the already prepared food that she had and if there were something else I had in mind, she would happily prepare it for me. I decided on tha chicken adobo burrito with garlic rice and lumpia. I asked her about some other filipino dishes, she said she still had some pinakbet (a meat and vegetable stew) so I ordered that as well.
Now, I ordered this to go but I live in Gilbert so I was a little wary if the lumpia was still going to have it's crispyness to it after my commute home. The delicious little guys made it home and still had their delightful crunch to them. Next was a bite of the burrito. The chicken was very tender and not dried out like sometimes adobo can get. It also didn't have the sometimes overpowering bite of vinegar that is common in adobo. It had a nice balanced taste that lended it well for making burritos with. The pinakbet was a bit of a dissappointment, it was little on the bland and dry side, but I am judging this on how my mother used to make it.
I asked about any specials coming up, like lechon, and she said that in a couple of weeks they're going to have another lechon roast. She also said that if there was anything that isn't on the menu and if she knows of the recipe, she would be glad to prepare it, all you need to do is call. Karey's is going into my full rotation even if it's a good half hour away!
I think many of these reviews might be friends of the family, but my wife and I met up with my father and mother along with my brother and sister in law for a dinner here.  There were a few people ordering to go, but we came for a meal and the six of us filled the restaurant.  Don't expect to find a lot of room, there are a few chairs but not a lot!  If it's full, it's full.  

Anyway, though (I think) many of these reviews are relatives, they are spot on.  It's a good place to eat Filipino food.  

Everything I tasted from the lumpia to the adobo was excellent.  And the mother/daughter/son running the place were so nice and helpful it felt like eating at home.  I want to go back very soon, especially on a Friday when they have some delicious pig, i think it's called lechon baboy.  mmmm.

Don't expect gourmet, silverware or place settings.  Expect good (excellent) home cooked Filipino with a twist of Mexican.  This is what you really want, go eat some!
I've been wanting to try this place for weeks. I finally grabbed a friend, headed over and was not disappointed! I tried a combination plate with chicken adobe and coconut squash (a special of the day) which was served with garlic rice. Everything was very good. I just wish I had a bit more coconut squash because I was liking it so much. My friend and I also shared the lumpia (the small was a generous size and perfect for two) and the banana egg rolls which were topped with caramel and served with coconut ice cream (heavenly!). Next time I'm going to try one of the burritos and also the cake, which they were out of this time around. My friend was equally impressed and had the pork adobo and beef mechado which I tried from her plate. Yum!

The place is very small and just about every seat was filled. The service was great and I felt like my mom was taking care of me since it's family owned. I'm so glad it's in my neighborhood! I plan to return regularly since I'm already craving lumpia and banana egg rolls!
Karey's was on my bookmarks and since I  got out of work earlier today I went for  lunch. It's a tiny but charming place. I'm glad I went later and was able to sit down. Karen and her husband were there. She's an incredibly sweet lady and sat down with me to talk about the restaurant and my recent trip to the Phillippines. I had the chicken adobo, chicken coconut curry with garlic rice and lumpia. The flavors were delicious, not too oily. My favorite was the chicken adobo, although it was a little dry. I think because it was chicken breast. The chicken coconut curry was good as well. The lumpia was delicious and their homemade hot sauce is great. Karen went as far as to give me a piece of cassava cake. Seriously, who does that? 
I guess what I love the most is the feeling you're eating at a relative or friend's house.
Was it the best Filipino food I ever had? Not really, but it was darn close!  I'll give it  4.5 stars but they deserve to be round up!
like every other reviewer here, i've been meaning to try this place out for a little while. its located behind the blockbuster i go to, so its pretty hidden, unless your in that plaza for any reason. the place is decorated in a relaxed, lunchtime style. nice tables and some cool ethnic decor to catch your eye. the man who was working (i didn't catch his name) was very friendly. he asked if i had ever tried Philippine food before. and then proceeded to show me show me of their dishes. i settle on their pork burrito and garlic fried rice. the burrito was amazing! the meat was so flavorful and the tortilla was crispy and greasy at the same time. the chips that came with my meal were a little stale, but i just ignored them and had at the amazing garlic rice. not to greasy (any more grease after that burrito would have been to much) but big on taste. i loved my meal, and i will be heading that way for lunch regularly.
Considering the Spanish influence on both Mexican and Filipino cooking, it is a wonder that no one had thought of bringing the two cuisines together in one dining establishment sooner. Well, Karey's Kitchen did, and they did it so well! (Again, thanks to yelp for allowing me to find yet another great place!) The Filipino dishes made me homesick for The Old Country, especially when I tasted the the pochero and the mechado. But I was so delighted to discover that making Filipino adobo or mechado into burritos would result in a kick-ass fantastic fusion, especially when paired with their zesty mango salsa. Unlike other places that also serve burritos, they serve the rice and the salsa on the side, so you have the option of adding it to your burrito if you want to cut the richness a tad. Great food, low prices, very warm and friendly staff ... Karey's Kitchen, you know I'll be coming back soon, and often!
This latest hybrid might sound different but after trying the Filipino-Mexican fusion at Karey's Kitchen, you'll ask yourself why no one had done it sooner?

Situated at the southeast corner behind Blockbuster at 40th Street and Thomas Road, Karey's is in one of those blink-and-miss-it locations. 

From the good luck kitty at the register to the rich looking hardwood floors and dark wood furniture, it's actually charming. There are a few tables as well as counter seating for eat in, and the tables can be pushed together to accommodate a party of eight or more.

Karen, once an accountant, has turned restaurateur in this family-run venture, which includes her mom, Puring, husband, Ray, and brother, Michael.

It brings me so much joy to see the love and care that goes into a place that is family owned and independent. The warm smiling faces that greet you at the counter are so genuine and welcoming. Karen and Puring run the front of the store and tail it back to the kitchen to cook.

For the unfamiliar, many Filipino foods consist of stews, braises and roasts of beef, pork and chicken, which work perfectly for this concept. For the purist you can order a combination plate of classic Filipino dishes and select your own items, or you can go for something more unconventional, yet accessible, like many of its tasty hybrid burritos, chimichangas and flautas.

I must add the menu is more of a guideline rather than something set in stone. If there is something on the menu you find yourself craving, maybe call ahead to make sure she has it that day. Sourcing top quality has been tough, and on a several visits the restaurant was out of one thing or another.

Daily specials play a large part of Karey's menu, and there are always three to five specials per day. If you'd like to know about those dishes, you can choose to follow Karey's Kitchen on Twitter.

On one visit I created my own three-item combo ($5.99), which included a couple of out-of-this-world pork spare ribs. The barbecue sauce was house-made and had a wonderful slightly smoky and sweet flavor.

I also chose the chicken curry, which was fall-off, the bone tender and not heavy like most I've tried.

To round off the combo, I chose the pancit, which is the Filipino version of Chinese lo mein. Though rice sticks were used instead of egg noodles, it has a lighter sauce. Of course this was made to order and the vegetables were still slightly crisp.

The pancit is probably the lightest item on the menu and had plenty of chicken breast and vegetables for those who are watching their figures.

Adobo is to the Philippines as Pho is to Vietnam. Essentially a method of stewing meat brought to the Philipines by the Spanish in the 1500s, it has become the national dish.

Karey's version is absolutely delicious with its rich savory flavors and tender meats. You can have this in a combo or rice bowl, but do yourself a favor and get the Pork Adobo Burrito ($5.99). A huge flour tortilla stuffed with pork adobo then rolled in Parmesan cheese. With the outside rolled in cheese, it adds a depth to the burrito that I've never quite experienced.

With the burrito you also have your choice of Spanish rice, white rice, garlic rice or beans. The Spanish and garlic rice are moist and flavorful, but my favorite were the creamy beans. Karey's doesn't have a traditional Mexican salsa but instead chooses to use Asian chili paste. The spicy vinegary heat is the perfect complement to every dish I tried.

I love eggrolls in about any shape and form, including Karey's outstanding Filipino version called Lumpia ($2.95/$4.95). These are smaller than what you'd normally expect at an Asian restaurant, but the crunch factor is far bigger. Simply filled with seasoned ground pork and served with a side of sweet chili sauce, these little bad boys are fantastically crispy and light.

Keeping with the hybrid fusion theme, desserts are few but interesting and worth the calories. The Halo Halo ($4.95) is made of shaved ice, beans, purple yams, sweetened condensed milk and ice cream.

Okay, I know, it sounds a little crazy, and when it is served, the first thing that comes up is, "What have I gotten myself into?"

This dessert is brightly colored and unusual in its presentation with so many different layers. Once you brave the first bite, it won't be your last. Creamy, icy, tender and smooth, it's a textural and flavor overload that should be experienced at least once. I have a feeling I'll be having another one on my next visit.

Ask about Puring's Cassava Cake ($1.29). It's served warm and is made from shredded cassava, coconut milk and sugar.

From the crispy lumpia to the tender, melt-in-your-mouth adobo, Karen and company cooks how they want to eat and treat their customers how they want to be treated, like family.
Filipino food just like my sister makes!  OK, she's my sister-in-law (you can clearly see I'm not Filipino), but the food is just like her authentic dishes.  Check Iain B.'s review for detail on typical Filipino fare.  I am particularly fond of the pork adobo, beef machada and pancit.  The adobe is an intensely seasoned beef that I like to mixed into the pancit - a delectable blend of rice noodles and veggies which is made to order with chicken or tofu (yum) as requested.  The beef machada, a heavily seasoned thick stew of tender beef and potatoes is equally captivating.
The restaurant is very casual, with only a  few tables, yet the decor rises above the typical Mexcian food takeout shop.  Oh yes, the Mexican fusion part...I admit the only "fusion" item i've tried is a pork adobo burrito, which was quite tasty.  but with all this great Filipino fare, the Mexican side hasn't tempted me much.  
The only very slight disappointment is that in response to a customer complaining that the lumpia is to greasy, they changed from pork lumpia to ground beef.  Of course pork is greasy - it's pork!  That's why it's good!  Anyway, there is enough tasty fare here to keep me coming back.  The pleasant service and heartfelt appreciation of their customer rounds out out the experience.  Here's a hint - leftover pork adobo and pancit are just as good reheated for breakfast as they are in the restaurant.
lumpia! lumpia! lumpia!

I feel as though I have died and gone to LUMPIA heaven.  They are tricky to make-- just really time consuming and it leaves yuor kitchen messy so eating them when you didn't make them yourself is such a treat! 

We started off with lumpia and then had the pancit.  Panict was not 5 star--- I like mine more dry, so the one I make at home is better in my opinion.  But it was still really good.

HALO HALO-- oh my!  I have not had halo halo since 1993 so the minute it hit my mouth, an entire flash of memories came back to me!  It's very interesting and has a lot going on in it, some stuff I love, other stuff, I pick around.  

I can't wait to go back and try the adobo, and some of the more mexican type foods.

The people working-- owner and family are sooo nice and really friendly, that makes for an excellent experience!

I am looking at my schedule seeing when I can get back there again---
Soooo, I just got done eating takeout from Karey's and I am stuffed and satisfied!  I had the two item combo with the Chicken Coconut Curry and the Lechon Paksiw (Roasted Pork Stew) and they were both delicious!  Both the chicken and the pork were tender and moist and full of flavor.  The pork was definitely my favorite.  The sauce they stewed it in was finger-licking good.  I couldn't get enough.  If I hadn't been so full after I probably would've went right back up there and ordered another serving of it!  I will definitely be going back, especially the next time the Lechon Paksiw is one of the daily specials!
Karey's Kitchen was my very first Yelp bookmark. Isn't that sweet? There was a big lull in my afternoon yesterday, a lull in which I had not eaten lunch, and yet, it was still much too early for dinner. I decided that this was the perfect time to head over to 40th St. and Thomas, and knock one more bookmark off of my ever-expaning panoply. 

Karey's Kitchen is located on the southeast corner of 40th St. and Thomas, somewhat hidden behind a rogue Blockuster. There are many other businesses occupying its strip mall, but when I rolled up at about 3:30 in the afternoon, the entire parking lot was empty. Like, the whole thing. Mine was the single, solitary vehicle present. I'm sure it's a hub of activity at other times of the day, but apparently the middle of the afternoon renders the street corner a veritable ghost town. 

The restaurant is small, and cute inside. It's clean and cheery, without being bright and antiseptic. I was greeted by a friendly lady who offered me several delicious samples, because it was my first time visiting! Is there any better introduction? 

Another very friendly gentleman joined her, and asked me how I came to hear about Karey's Kitchen. I told him that I read about it on the internet, and he said, "OH! On Yelp?!" I like it when Yelp comes up in my daily life. It's fun. They were both very kind to me, and very interested in explaining the dishes to me. 

Ultimately, I ordered a three item combo with garlic fried rice. Chicken Adobo, Beef Calidereta, and the Chicken Coconut Curry. I also snagged a square of Cassava cake. 

A brief disclaimer: I do not have a sophisticated palate. I like my meals to have flavor. A LOT of flavor. Subtleties are generally wasted on me.

Delicious. Everything was absolutely delicious. The Chicken Adobo was definitely my favorite, but the other two were very, very good...things I would certainly order again. Every item was totally bursting with flavor, and I was in a food coma before I even finished eating. Scrumptious and savory. The Cassava cake was a perfect ending to the meal - it has an enjoyable, thick texture, and is not too sweet. 

I loved everything that I ate, and can't wait to scurry back next week and try something new. Maybe the Lumpia...but definitely with a Chicken Adobo burrito and garlic rice. Yes. Sir.

Ps: The guy working there told me they will soon be offering Adobo sandwiches...apparently, people ask for them a lot. You heard it here first!
Alexander does right again! 

Please do not hate for the 4 star not 5, as they are worthy but missed it by a little fraction. 

I had the 2 items with rice. I enjoyed the Chicken Adobo, a favorite of mine, and the Chicken afritada, which was suggested by the owners. 

Both were really good, I had hope the meat was a little bit more tender, but the flavor was there. The fried (garlic) rice was really good. 

I asked a bunch of questions and they were more then happy to answer them. One thing to ask about is the Pancit instead of rice, we can get rice anywhere, but not the pancit. I was also a little bummed they only serve the lumpia is a group, you cannot order one with a meal. (unless you want the veggie lumpia. 

As previous mentioned the place is on the South East corner and on the south west of the complex. 

Enjoy.... I did.
Based on the Yelp reviews it had received, we all went to visit Karey's Kitchen yesterday for lunch. This is the second new Filipino place we have tried in as many weeks. 

The place is very small, but nice and cozy (maybe about the size of Mi Cocina Mi Pais). We went after traditional lunch-rush hours, so it was not too cramped. I'm actually glad they opted for a small location. Several of our favorite places have gone out of business lately due to too much overhead, so it's good they are keeping their expenses low. We had our toddler with us, so we opted for the outdoor seating and all was well.

We tried a variety of Filipino dishes and everything was great. I had the chicken adobo and kaldereta--both were excellent, as was the garlic rice I had on the side. My wife and niece, who are both Filipinas, also were impressed with the food--especially the cassava cake, which they raved about. Karey's also offers Mexican-Filipino fusion dishes which we did not try this time, but I might go for an adobo burrito or something next time and update the review. The service was also outstanding--super-friendly and fast. My wife ended up having a very nice long conversation with the owners after our lunch. 

Living in a Fil-Am household we are always looking for new places to stock up on Filipino food. My wife is a restaurant manager (Panda Express), so the last thing she wants to do at home is cook--and as for me, well if it does not involve fire or barbeque sauce its better that we not go there. So, we order take-out food frequently. Along with Wholly Grill, we now have two new staples. I can tell right now I will be stopping here on my way home from work A LOT!

I'm giving Karey's five stars based on the fact that the food was good, the service was fast, and the owners were super-friendly. That goes a long way in my book.
i was very disappointed in this place. i had driven far out to get here. i live in gilbert. i got the pinkbet, beef mechado and pork adobo. their portions are very measly. they are overpriced and their food wasnt very good or authentic tasting at all. the only thing i liked was the pork adobo.
To paraphrase Carl Sagan..."In order to create fillipino/mexican fusion cusine, you must first invent the universe"

   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSgiXGELjbc

You will want to give that vid a look and a listen...preferably while enjoying some roasted piggy prepared by the utterly adorable Karey and friends:)

I had lunch with friends today at Karey's:)

A little lunch, a little solving of the worlds problems (without benefit of alcohol, this time:) even a discussion of the the galactic issues that confront us all (did you know that there is an excellent chance that the Milky Way Galaxy...our home...will collide with another galaxy (Andromeda), soon?!?!?

Less than 3.5 billion years...things could get very dicey!

Until then, whistle over to the SE corner of of 40th St. and Thomas Rd. and drop by and visit Karey.

She gave us samples (since who among us understands what fillipino/mexican fusion really is?

I will tell you what it is...it is really good!

I enjoyed samples of chicken coconut curry, pork adobo, the aformentioned piggy, beef mechado (no I didn't do that from memory...I took a menu:)

I was sorely tempted to to have the "all the above" platter, but I controlled myself:)

Pork adobo, Beef mechado and garlic rice, along with a shared order of lumpia egg rolls...just delightful:-)

I am happy to report that Karey's was busy during the entire lunch hour...I am also happy to report that Karey brought us a delightful little dessert cake to try...I did enjoy my lunch today:)

In the universe I've invented, single malt scotch flows like water, I have no need for tax attorneys and fillipino/mexican fusion cooking at Karey's Kitchen is here to stay:)

When you invent your own universe, be sure to include Karey's Kitchen...I might want to visit with you at lunch someday:)
I've never heard of Filipino-Mexican fusion.  (Filican?  Mexipino?  FiliMex?)  I joined friends Donald and Mark (Donark?  Monald?) here for a nice Friday lunch.

The folks here were friendly and hospitable (Fraspitable? Hofriendly?) when we came in and offered sample tastes of several dishes.  We tried chicken coconut curry, pork adobo, beef mechado and the special, roasted pork.  As in roasted pig.  A whole pig, roasted on site.  In my head I heard Christopher Walken blurt his patented "Wow."

Everything was tasty.  I went with a platter of two meats and garlic rice.  I chose the chicken coconut curry and the pork adobo.  The meats were tender and well sauced.   Savory and aromatic.  Savormatic?  Aromavory?

As we were finishing they brought over a slice of cassava cake, sliced for three.  Very sweet.  (The gesture and the cake.)  When we ordered I had asked if the cassava cake was similar to flan because it looked a bit like flan.  It's not.  It has more depth and texture and substantial vegetable flavor to it.  Good stuff.

I think Karey's gets 4 stars.  This is a place that could take their food to the 5 star level.  All of the dishes were really good but tasted like they were going for a milder, more mainstream version of the full bright flavor potential.  My advice is to keep doing what they are doing, only more.
A few weeks back.. waking from a migraine fog and haze of migraine meds.. I seriously was jones'n for Kareys rice! I had a friend drive me.. Intro'd my friend to Karen... who gave samples and  her friendly beyond friendly personality.. that speaks volumes in a society whos forgotten the value of customer service! Im always trying new things when in Kareys.. this time roasted pork, curry to go, and of course, my craving for the fried rice....and wow! I think my migraine got better... because a 5 is the best thing for that:-)
Finally tried this place after being thwarted last week by an emergency that had them closed on a weekday. Glad everything seems in order again.

The good reviews don't lie...this is a diamond in the rough. The food was excellent and the two lovely ladies behind the counter were gracious and generous with the samples. I ordered the chocolate stew/chicken adobo/garlic rice combo ($5.99) and hubby got the pork adobo burrito ($6.25). Ample food for a great price! We also got an order of lumpia, of which I ate  9 out of 10 before my husband even realized what was happening. I also swiped his mango salsa and ate that whole container almost in one bite.

All of the food was excellent. I have docked one star only because the meat sauces are a little on the oily side; if they could knock the oil down a notch it would be 5 stars for sure.

I couldn't resist grabbing a piece of cassava cake to go...it was the sleeper hit of the meal and I wish I had another piece right now! I can only describe it as the Filipino answer to noodle kugel; coconutty, custardy, sweet, but not too sweet. So GOOD. 

We will definitely be back. Yum.
I am on a roll when it comes to trying new (well to me anyway) cuisine across the Valley. Today at work, my coworker and wonderful friend Vicky mentioned how she wanted to try Kareys Kitchen. I went on Yelp, read the reviews (especially from people that I really trusted) and I couldn't wait to go. 

Walking in there (remind me please to always check the website and menu before I go into the unknown!) I was highly confused on what to order. The words Chicken, Beef, and Pork rang a bell to me, but not the words Caldereta, Tinola, and Asado. One of the owners, the ever helpful and super sweet Rey (the wife's name is Karen - hence the name Kareys Kitchen) let me try three sample tastes. The Chicken Adobo and the Beef Caldereta were amazing, but I ended up getting the Chicken Coconut Curry with steamed rice. The curry wasn't overbearing at all...in fact it was made just right. 

Vicky order the 2 combination plate of Dinuguan and Pinakbet with steamed rice. (And let me tell you that you will never go hungry with the amount of rice that they serve!) I tried the Dinuguan...it was alright to me...but I am not a big pork fan. She loved it, though she was used to more of a spicier taste (Though the Pinakbet had bitter melon in it - ewww not a good after taste) 

I also ordered a piece of their Cassava cake...but I was so full I only at a couple of bites. I took the rest home with me...what I had it was really good. 

I am scared about when the word of mouth becomes so widespread that this place will get so crowded that it will start to become annoying to go there. Basically, the cafe is very small...cozy for now...
I found this restaurant thru yelp. I tried the pork adobo and coconut chicken curry. It was really good! The dishes were cooked just right. And to put Filipino stew in a burrito is pure genius! I ended up chatting with the owners for an hour before leaving for my flight (I am from out of town). Nice to discover a neighborhood gem of a place.
Finally Stopped at Karey's for a bite, Actually it was not just a bite but a FEAST, LMAO. 
I always pass by Karey's but never stopped to try it. I always been a big fan of some Filipino dishes cuz i grew up with alot of friends that were Pinoy and Pinay back home in ESSJ, CA. 
The place is small and cozy, i was the only person there which was GREAT cuz Karen (the owner) and her daughter greeted me and started giving me samples of everything, lol. Delish every single sample. She was sweet, generous pinay lady. I grabbed a 3 item meal with white rice, Also Grabbed a 10 Piece Lumpia, all i can say is WOW!! I really liked the Sweet n Sour spicy sauce they have. Damn it reminded me of dishes from back home. everything was delicious. 

I'm going back Friday for some LECHON!!! They have it every OTHER Friday. Cant wait. 

I wanted to grab desert too but i think i ordered enough for me to eat, ill be back to get some Friday, lol 

All in all it was AWESOME food, but deducted one star for a lil greasy and some meat was dry, but it was all good!!!

BY THE WAY, yes i did try the Chocolate meat, TY Robert, lol
this was decent. i loved the fried rice. i can't believe i used to live right around the corner and never went here. i was at this blockbuster all the time! 

i'm not one for chicken on the bone so i was little sad about that. it was a bit dry and i didn't get a punch of flavor. however, the garlic rice was amazing. 

i also got the halo halo and i wasn't a fan. i WAS a fan of the purple ice cream she put on top. oh my lawd it was good. 

i really wanted a lumpia but felt like i was going overboard already so i will have to try that next time im in the area. maybe a trip to pruitts? who knows. 

7 stars for the service- they are SO SOOOOO nice and friendly. love them.
A warm greeting means alot, but if that's the best part of one's take out experience, the establishment probably doesnt warrant four or five stars.  Portions are solid and prices fair, but there are a number of things Karey's could improve on. 

First, the signature dishes we tried didnt have much wow factor at all.   The cute little lumpia are like Sharon Stone in 'Basic Instinct'. Blonde and delicious on the outside, dark and horrible within. The pork paste, or whatever it is, might as well be dog food. Sorry, but that's my honest opinion.  The authentic, custardy cassava cake was different (yay!) and cheap(yay!), but quite mild for a dessert, at least to my undiscerning, sugar-addled taste.   

Our chicken sample was dry, the pork adobo and beef offered were better - the texture of the slow cooked beef reminded me of my mother's Yankee pot roast - only this had less flavor and seasoning.  My unadventerous teen said his beef burrito was one of the worst meals he's had in a while...not much juicy meat taste and a ridiculous amount of cheese which overpowered everything.  

Second, the free samples are fun and appreciated but the context in which they're provided is a little awkward.  When we walked in, all the steamtrays were covered and there were no pictures of the food - at least not that I remember. Maybe there's a culinary reason for the covers, but you cant SEE or really SMELL any food!  So you're kind of at Karen's "mercy" to provide you with these toothpick samples.  She cheerfully offered three mainstays (chicken, beef, pork)...and then there was this sort of lull, where I guess we were supposed to "decide", despite a blackboard off to the side, listing four or five addtl specialties.   

It's partly my fault. I asked about pancit and dropped a hint or two that I wanted to try a variety, but couldve been more forceful probing options.  By this time, however, we had already eaten six skewers and I felt a little piggish asking for more. And Karen didnt offer more. Were we hard sold something we didnt want? No.  But I felt gently steered toward a few standard selections and away from other (more exotic?) options, especially considering there was nobody behind us in line.  If the covers were off, or there were pictures, I'd have been more likely to say, "That looks interesting" or "that smells good, what's that?".   In lieu of a detailed, descriptive menu (there is none, although Karen was verbally descriptive and very helpful) I just think a customer benefits most from a visual display (think Miracle Mile Deli, Panda Express, etc) of ready to eat fare.     

We stopped by around 5:30pm on a Thursday, and were at Karey's around  fifteen minutes.  There were no other customers.  Zero.  Tons of traffic driving home from work. And nobody.   At this point, I think Karey's is a more sincere than genuinely  savvy operation, but that could change by smoothing a few rough edges,  showcasing all their recipes and maybe a spicier sauce or two.  

Two minor glitches.  We werent given a receipt copy for our take out order. Also, one of our plastic clamshells leaked on the way home.   The sauce was filled near the brim, but it was messy and annoying.  Good intentions...not so good execution.    

There's definitely potential here and they're not too far from making this a terrific place with broad appeal.  Who wouldnt root for a relatively unfamiliar cuisine served up by such friendly folks?   But I think (for well intentioned Yelpers) to pretend they've already nailed it, largely on the strength of warm greetings and surprisingly mild fare with exotic names, may be setting Karey's up for a wave of unmet expectations. I know that's how we felt.
This cute little place is on my way home from work, so finally I stopped in. Hidden behind the blockbuster, almost didn't find this place. Family owned, customer service was impeccable. I always appreciated family owned places and prefer them to corporate owned places. It's like college football compared to NFL...college has more heart imo. Anyways me and my analogies.

My step-grandmother is Filipino so I was all over the lumpia and adobo. I got a little crazy and had the chicken adobo in a burrito! It was sooo much food, but oooooo so good. I joined them on twitter so I can see the specials. I won't be going in when they got the roasted pig, makes me sad. I got a pet potbelly pig named goose back home. aww he's the love of my life. I need to take someone with me so I can share  dessert...it looked tempting.
I'm surprised people rated the food here 4 stars(30 reviews at this time), clearly the customer service is warm and friendly, but the food is not good.  Seems much more Filipino, which was sad, because I was craving some good Mexican after we hiked Camelback.

Again, service is fantastic(probably why the reviews are so high) but the food is not good.
Spectacular service, meet Above-average Food. Although I don't know what that equals, its unique for sure.  You don't get this kind of friendly, overly-anxious to please ('officious' for you vocab buffs) service in too many PHX restaurants unless you are willing to pay for it.

I took my family to Karey's Kitchen a couple of weeks back because it was on Yelp's HOT list forever and because lumpia are like a siren to me (The Odyssey sirens, not the police car kind). We walk in and it was as if someone threw us into some foreign third-world country for lunch. The outside tables looked like an injury waiting to happen, and the inside (though VERY clean) had a feel of 'frugal budget' to it. Nonetheless, we walk up to the counter to see what goodies were bubbling for our pleasure.  The young girl was extremely nice, and was feeding us samples of everything from BBQ pork to strips of steak and chicken.  Everything tasted pretty good so we decided to order.

You order in a kind of Panda Express style with a bowl of rice and one-three choices of meat.  I got the chicken adobo (i think) and the BBQ pork (my favorite)... we also ordered a small batch of lumpia (it comes with like 10 of them!)

The only thing I was disappointed in (taste-wise) was the lumpia.  It had a plain hamburger taste to it.  I was hoping for something with a little more flavor.

Karey was a delight! She chatted with us as we ate and suggested some sauces (The Banana Sauce rox!)... She also said she roasts a pig every other Friday. I have GOT to try that!!!

All-in-all, it was a pleasant experience and I would definitely try it again!
I've only been here once, but due to the fact that the food was excellent and the experience was wonderful, I have to give up the 5th star.  To say I am a picky eater would certainly be an understatement, so I really have no idea what was going on in my head when I decided to try Karey's Kitchen.  I pretty much hate Mexican food and have no idea what Filipino food is, so this was pretty daring for me.

When we came in it was empty, thankfully, so we got to sample lots of food and ask all of our stupid questions to the super sweet girl behind the counter.  She wasn't shy about offering her recommendations when I asked, and I really appreciated that.  After tasting a bunch of dishes I decided on the Chicken Adobo Burrito.  It came with a side of garlic rice and chips and salsa.  The salsa I didn't eat because that's just too far out of my comfort zone.  The rice was good, but I honestly wouldn't mind if there was more garlic in it.  The burrito was absolutely heavenly!  I'm the kind of girl who likes stuff pretty plain.  Just the meat and cheese thank you very much.  To my surprise, that is exactly the way my burrito came... stuffed with chicken and loaded with ooey gooey cheese!  It was even covered in something that tasted like paremesan crumbs.  Yum!

I really cannot wait to go back here and try something new and maybe overcome a few more of my culinary fears.
I honestly have no idea what I ate.  Nothing on the menu was familiar to me and when I tried to order certain things, I was told no.  I got pork something and pork something else in a combo plate.  It was damn good though.

We had tried some samples of things and I wanted the pork sample and then I saw some beef and pineapple thing on the menu that I really wanted.  I think I was told "no" and that I had to order off the giant board on the side.  That didn't really make any sense to me since the menu above the food said it was their regular menu.  In any event, then I said that I wanted the pork thing that was on the menu (because it was the only pork thing on the side menu) assuming it was the thing I had sampled.  The girl then repeated the pork thing and then gave me two different kinds of pork things.  If this is all confusing to you, how do you think I felt standing there.

As I said, in then end, I was quite happy with my food.  Very flavorful and the price and quantity were great.  I will be back, without a doubt.
This really amounts to 3.5 stars.  I think after seeing all of the stellar reviews combined with my LOVE for Filipino food, my expectations were just too high.

I took a few coworkers with me to check out the food and see if I had finally found a local Filipino eatery to curb my cravings.  Not so much.  The pancit (my favorite Filipino entree) seemed to lack flavor and/or seasoning.  I also wanted more meat and veggies - maybe that's just due to what I'm used to.  It was more just oily noodles and missed that flavor I wanted.  The good news is the pancit is cooked to order so it's very fresh and hot - just be prepared to wait a few minutes.

I was also very excited to get some lumpia.  Again, not so much.  They were tiny with some mushed ingredients in them.  Also again, it may be just what I am used to, but I've always had ones which are longer with more fillings - stuff you can actually see and taste what's in them.

On a positive note, the folks there are extremely friendly and helpful.  It makes me want to like it even more.  I'll go back and give it another go - I'll give the chicken adobo (my other favorite) a shot for some redemption.

A few tips:
*If you order pancit, order first because everyone's items are not brought out at once and the rest of your party will be waiting on you.
*It is a small place - tough to fit the 5 of us.  There were only a few other tables to seat 2.

I really wanted to like you Karey's Kitchen...
It's hard to give a two-star review for Karey's Kitchen given the storm of very positive reviews so far, but anything more feels really inaccurate given my two experiences there. Let me explain myself. 

The first time I went to this place (which is just a few blocks from my office), I really liked the food but found the service hit-or-miss (albeit ridiculously friendly). As of April of this year, I had stopped eating meat, so I was unable to order anything from the ready-made lunch buffet. Not the restaurant's fault, per se, but it would have been helpful to know from the extensive "laundry list" online menu that fish/tofu items had to be made to order. I did end ordering a noodle bowl with tofu and shrimp but it took 25 minutes. Even though the man helping me was incredibly apologetic, it was frustrating on a busy work day to be so held up. The noodle cake he offered me was also good but hard to eat before I had actually eaten my savory lunch! Again, though, my noodles were greasy but really good. 

The second time I came to Karey's Kitchen, I brought a co-worker. She eats meat, so she ordered items from the lunch buffet. I again ordered something off the menu and we also ordered some vegetarian fried rolls to share. When my food finally came, we dug in. Her pork-based dish was incredibly greasy and she described the meat as being "suspect." My vegetarian dish (essentially a tofu rice bowl) was good but also very greasy. Worst of all, the vegetarian rolls had meat in them! Third strike...

I do truly appreciate how nice the staff at this place was each time there were mess-ups. I was also really impressed by the way they leveraged social networking (Facebook, Twitter) to advertise their opening and spread awareness. I also understand that as a family-owned business, they are short-staffed. All that said, they need to focus on doing fewer menu items better and should add some vegetarian/fish items to their main lunch menu so people like me don't have to wait half an hour for a special order.
This is the type of place I really love and usually give 5 stars to.  It's my kind of place (an out of the way dive)... but alas, I was not thrilled for several reasons.  Upon entering I did not smell the tasty meats simmering and cooking.  Instead, my nose was hit with incense burning.  The owner said she was burning incense to attract customers.  Apparently it was a spiritual thing.... like a rain dance during a drought.  Don't get me wrong, I grew up in the seventies and I can appreciate the odor of burning incense... although usually we burned incense to hide the smell of other burning substances... anyway, I digress.... when I eat in a restaurant I want to smell the cooking and the food.... not burning incense.  I thought the meats tasted great.  The little lumpia egg rolls were a true treat.  I loved them.
Unfortunately, my brother and I both experienced some digestive flip flops after our lunch.  Despite that, I'm still going back and may have to edit this review.  I'm still rooting for this place.
I spent 18 months in the Philippines with the US Peace Corps, living with a host family in Southern Leyte. I missed my host mom's homecooking so much, I was desperate to find some local Filipino food. I have been to Karey's twice now and while the food is prepared a little differently, the chicken adobo, chicken curry and banana burrito (turon) are out of this world! The staff is SUPER friendly and make me feel right back at home. The staff is Tagalog-speaking so I still don't have a chance to practice the Cebuano I learned, but they get a kick out of the little Tagalog I know :)
The restaurant itself feels intimate, small and exclusive. It is the epitome of a place one would come to expect a home-cooked meal made with love.
This place hit the spot! I'm so glad I decided to check this little place out. Filipino food is hard to find when looking at restaurants out here, but now I can say I've found one. I wanted to try everything on the menu! I ended up getting the coconut chicken curry, adobo, chili and lumpia. Everything was amazing and tasted like it was cooked at home. The chicken curry even had whole chicken wings in it (this made me so happy)! Next time I go, I have to try an adobo burrito!

The icing on the cake for me was that Karen and Rey were unbelievably friendly. I felt like I was at a close friend's house whose family was cooking and making me try all of the delicious food.

I can't wait to find time to go back to Karey's. I plan to bring my Filipino roommate (he smiled so wide when I told him there was good Filipino food afoot). Thank you very much Karen and Rey! See you soon!
my first visit was great.  beef machado burrito is killer and very much a full meal.  very nice staff.  super small place that i hope stays that way.  every time a good place like this expands, it seems to go down in quality.  i don't see karey's doing this (at least i hope not).  i'll be back very soon to check out the adobo plates.  love some filipino cuisine!
I'm sad to see that this place has closed, because it was the only place that put out food that rivaled the stuff I remember my mom making.  Went here on a trip to Phoenix in June, and I was pleasantly surprised by how delicious everything was.  The adobo was spot on; the caldereta was delicious.  It's hard to believe that a place so solid (and seemingly popular, from the amount of reviews about it) could close down so quickly.  Maybe their prices were too low for the quality of the food they produced?  Ah well.  It seems like a moot point now, but it was definitely my favorite Filipino food restaurant while it lasted.
The boba drinks here are quite good, the best that we've had so far here in Las Vegas. I got the regular milk tea and my hubby got the taro milk tea (both w/ no pearls) and we both liked our drinks. They also have smoothies, frappes, and hot beverages.  It's not too cheap ($2.90 for regular size, extra 50 cents for pearls) but I would definitely recommend this place. :)
While out running errands I managed to convince my husband to swing into Boba Cafe so I could get a honeydew milk tea with boba. 

My first impression of Boba Cafe was that it reminded me of a less clean, older version of another boba place I had been in recently. It was also very loud... I know employees can not help it when a customer has a screaming child in the store but it still made for a less pleasant experience for us. I did like that there was a couch to sit on while we waited for our drinks though. 

The boba was super chewy, and the drinks could have been colder. They used normal cup lids, not sure if that is why the drinks seemed like the needed to be stirred up a lot to reach the desired temperature... Decent enough price, 2 large milk teas with boba were right around $10. 

I may be back if I am in the area but I doubt I'll ever make a special trip to go here...
This is the closest Slushy place near my house so when we want a slushy fix we come here. Now I say slushy because I personally do not like boba(Tapioca balls) but I can get down with a pineapple,mango, or passion fruit slush. The slushies here are pretty typical - nothing out of the ordinary. Every time I've been here they have been pretty fast and during the summer tend to be pretty busy.
Reguarding slushes I prefer Lollicup...
You can also pick up some mini Vietnamese Egg rolls here...The egg rolls are filled with clear noodles, mushrooms and other veggies accompanied with fish sauce. They are good but for the size are a bit expensive....They also have Vietnamese sandwiches....
I have never had a bad experience here so I will continue to patronize them!!!!
This was the first time my husband and I had a boba tea.  I had the peanut butter with banana.  He had the strawberry.  The smoothie tea part itself was really tasty.  We both really liked it but got sick of the tapioca balls! 
The way they seal the drinks is really neat.  I haven't seen that before.  Instead of having a lid, it's just a plastic seal they basically stamp on the drink.  The big straws are fun too!  (Obviously they have to be pretty big to fit the tapioca ball!)
I would have one again...but it wouldn't somewhere I'd make a point of going.
This place is ok, could be a lot better.  But they did give me a ton of Boba, they aren't chincy with the ingredients.  Just my slushy was way to watery, not much slush.
Boba Cafe is no more. The days of boba and a Vietnamese sandwich are long gone and have been replaced with NO. 1 Boba Tea. It is the same company that is located inside the Chinatown Mall. 

The overall appearance of the shop has pretty much remained the same except they have a large menu board planted on the back wall of the counter. The pictures, numbers, and names of each drink is helpful in deciding. We do eat/drink with our eyes first. 

I had ordered the coconut lychee boba. The price of a 24oz is $4.50 flat with taxes and boba including in each order. The boba here is the right consistency, not too chewy, but does not go down like soft tofu. The texture was perfect, but the drink was just ok. I appreciate that it was not super sweet or syrupy, but it had an unnatural powdery or artificial flavor to it. 

I cannot think of another boba shop around. If I am in the area, I will not be opposed to getting a drink.
Every payday, Lil Man and I go here to get our fix for boba. When we go in it's always quiet and pleasant. It is definitely NOT busy when we go in. Lil Man always gets a large watermelon slushie with Boba. And I always get mango slushie with biba, but today, I asked for extra Boba and got it. It tasted so much better with the extra boba. It is so easy to get to the shop because it is in the Target plaza right there on the corner of Silverado and Eastern. next to the shop is other shops such as hot dogs, chicken, and much more.
LOVE boba and love not having to drive to China Town to get it.  Number One Boba Tea owners also have the boba place inside the mall in China town.  I always get the Peach Green Tea with boba and sometimes with Lychee Jelly.  Delicious!!  My other half gets a strawberry and mango smoothie which he likes.

They have mini boba on the weekends if you like that.  They also make crepes if you want a snack.  And for those you don't like boba, of course just ask and they won't add it.  They also have stamp cards where you buy 10 drinks and get a milk tea free!
Ugh. I'm very upset I paid $4.53 for a boba drink that I didn't even finish due to its disgusting texture and bland flavor. I have never thrown away an almost $5 drink before! I ordered a taro smoothie w/ boba, which they made quickly. Unfortunately, I don't think it was blended for long enough. I felt like I was sipping sand through a straw! Ick!

Contrary to their title here on Yelp, their signage reads 'No. 1 Boba Tea', which is far from the truth. Don't go here!
Potbelly's is a good place for a quick bite. Their sandwiches are very reasonably priced and they are rather tasty. If you're in somewhat of a hurry and want something good, try Potbelly's!
Potbelly's is delicious! They are fast and put on whatever you like. The meatball sandwich is so good with hot peppers, cheese, sauce, etc. I could seriously eat that every day and be happy. For the size of the sub I was very happy with the price too! Only like 5 bucks for something that really filled me up. They also have smaller subs for even cheaper.
As Janet K. mentioned, Potbelly is set at the far end of the West Towne mall at the edge of the food court,  making the environment much less rowdy than the main seating area.  It's convenient because you can enter from the parking lot or the food court, and with the outer door and the occasional breeze,  it doesn't feel quite as claustrophobic.  

My mom and I both ordered a Skinny Pair, which is a "Skinny" sandwich + side of soup for $6.60 (quite a deal).  My combination: a mushroom melt + spicy southwest veggie soup.  The sandwich was perfectly toasted with fresh mushrooms - filling, but leaving just enough room for dessert (or a Butter Rum Mocha in my case). Not too much flair. Not too much oomph. The spicy southwest veggie soup reminded me of the corn chowder from the SF Soup Company back at home - creamy and chock-full of corn kernels with just a hint of spicy - so that was a definite plus for me. 

If you are a fan of super stuffed sandwiches drenched in sauces, this is probably not the sandwich place for you. On the other hand,  if you are just looking for a hearty, wholesome meal, give this place a try. All in all, a great place to stop for lunch or a quick dinner. Potbelly me up! :9

PS.  I've heard that the Potbelly oatmeal cookies are to-die-for, so I will be back to give them a try!
I've only had them deliver sandwiches to us for meetings, so I can't comment on the interior or ambiance of this location.  However, if you're an office type that has to provide meals for working sessions over lunch, give Potbelly a try.

Why?

Their online ordering system is superb.  It's absolutely intuitive, fast, and accurate.  I've never had a single issue with their system.  What's that?  You say that "Joe from Accounting" is a picky eater?  No problemo, my friend - Potbelly's system will not fail you.  You select the base sandwich, and then customize it to your heart's content.  It's foolproof.  And they'll even write Joe's name on his specific sandwich, so there's no confusion.

And perhaps the best part is the highly precise delivery time window - Potbelly has never once been late (or too early) with an order.  If I select the "11:45am - 12:00pm" window, I'd bet my paycheck they'll be there at around 11:50am.  Without fail.  Oh, and the drivers are super friendly and helpful as well.

I'm a fan of their farmhouse salad (no bacon, no cheese, add extra chicken), although the chicken is a bit "meh" at times.  When I'm feeling indulgent (which is often, these days), you cannot go wrong with one of the hot sandwiches.  The "wreck" is legendary.

Have a larger group to feed?  Get a party pack.  It's painless, and it'll be devoured, guaranteed.  The larger orders include all of the extras like condiments, plates, silverware, and so on.

Given the choice between Paneras, Milios, Capriotti's, or Cosi, I'll take Potbelly every time.

Potbelly = WIN

Food = 3.75 stars
Service = 4 stars
Value = 3 stars
MISC = 5 stars (great online ordering system; highly configurable, easy, and accurate!)

Oh, and pssst - need a cookie fix?  Here - try one of the Potbelly cookies.  What's that?  You're week in the knees?  Good.  First bite is free, then you'll have to buy the rest.  

Seriously - their cookies are TO DIE FOR.  My insulin spiked just thinking about them.  nomnomnomnom
Is Potbellys the best sandwich you will ever eat? Not really. But they are  really GOOD.

Most sandwich chains don't have consistency or quality- Potbelly's has both. I have tried all three locations in Madison- and they are all good. Their sandwiches taste yummy. Their milkshakes are good. So are their soups. They are affordable. Overall Potbellys is pretty darn good. A good place for a quick lunch, or dinner.

There Italian Sub by far is the best. No other Italian sub I have found to be half as good. 

Also their multigrain bread is yummier than their white, and better for you. 

And did.. I mention their Giardernera/ hot peppers... Heavenly. I always have a bottle at home.
I had a coupon for a free iced or hot coffee (12 oz) from the Entertainment Book of coupons sold at my daughter's school. Free coffee - no strings attached.

The iced kona coffee was delicious~! 
...smoothe and mellow but rich at the same time.

The woman taking my order was friendly and the atmosphere was soothing - Hawaiian melodic instrumental and vocal music ... like Israel Kamakawiwoole, Robert Cazimero, and Keali'i Reichel.

I will definitely make it a point to come back. It was like a relaxing mini vacation. 

The interior design was tasteful and more sophisticated than I'd expect. I enjoyed the complementary colors of aqua and burgundy & rust along with green plants, natural wood, and rattan furniture with cushions. The near floor-to-ceiling windows along the entrance wall and inset doorway gave the entry a "windows seat" feel and there was a couch to sit on in addition to high and low tables. A flat screened tv displayed a slideshow of scenes of Hawaii. The feel was of a lanai at a Kauai plantation.
If I wrote this review 6 months ago it would only have been 4 stars but now they have awesome sandwiches. 
The owners of this place say  "this place is the ultimate vacation in a cup". I'm not sure if I would go that far but I have decided there are so many good drinks on the menu I don't even try to pick one anymore. I just pay them and say surprise me. 
Every time the smoothie is just fantastic.
I'm there at least once a week. Bring a friend, relax and enjoy

I don't know why but my review was filtered
It is a weekly vice for me.  The goal was to try a new flavor every week, but I found a combination that suites me just fine and sadly I haven't been as adventurous as I had intended.  One of these days, I'll order something new, but until then I will enjoy the great flavor of my favorite drink and the mellow ambiance.
This is my favorite local coffee shop! The owners are very friendly. 

My favorite drink is the Iced Soy Latte. It's not only strong enough, but it's also good coffee. This is also the best place that I meet with my customers for business meeting. 

The place is very convenient for people who love to shop at San Tan village mall. If you don't like the summer heat of Arizona, this is a great place chill you down with a cup of ice coffee. 

Their FREE WI-FI requires you to login, which may kick you out if your computer are on the idle mode for more than half hour. Almost forgot to mention that their sandwich is good too! 

If you are savvy shopper like me, you can actually find their FREE coupon online by searching "Free coffee coupons gilbert" on Google! :) 

I do however, wish they have projector, so I can use their place for a presentation. I also think they own the other place in the San Tan Mall Food court! So you can get same quality coffee at two very close places in one stop shopping!

PS: The pin on the map is wrong! Yelp need to move the pin to the correct location! It's actually East of San Tan Village Parkway and next to the Blue  Wasabi Sushi and Martini Bar restaurant.
I first tried Maui Wowi when I checked in on FourSquare to get a 15% discount.  

A 15% discount on a cup of coffee doesn't amount to much, I know.  For that matter, neither does FourSquare, as far as I can tell after being on it for a couple months.  I feel like a dog going around marking my turf. Maybe they'll build to something, we'll see. If they keep getting money thrown at them they should eventually be able to produce something, right?

Wait, was I reviewing FourSquare or Maui Wowi?  It was Maui Wowi wasn't it?

So the iced mocha I had (with half chocolate per my request) was delicious.  I mean really delicious.

So I came back another time to try the hot mocha (1/2 chocolate again - I like to taste COFFEE with a little chocolate, not CHOCOLATE SYRUP with a little coffee like some coffee houses make). It was quite good as well.

The folks are very friendly and accommodating.

I also started chatting with a guy named Phil who moved here from Foxboro, MA.  I moved here from Mansfield, MA. Neighboring 'burbs of Boston.
I love this place. As a small business owner I love holding meetings because of the beautiful environment and free Wi-Fi. As a consumer I love the various smoothies and the passion fruit tea. Marc & Jodie are not just good owners, they're gracious hosts- always accommodating me for larger business gatherings.
This was the place inside the Food Court at San Tan Village. Worst place I've ever eaten, seriously. I paid $9, & all I got was a bare chicken sandwich with a pineapple & a grossly oversized piece of lettuce. I had to pay extra for a drink, & the condiment sauce was runny & tasteless. I'll never come here again.
I LOVE this place. I have been coming here for about a year now to treat myself to a smoothie. The Mocha Banana and Hawaiian Dreamsicle are my two favorites. I especially like getting one for a light lunch. Get the Tikki cup and every time you come back you basically get a large smoothie for the price of a medium. 

I started bringing my one-year-old son here over the summer to teach him how to drink out of a straw. The Mocha Banana is his favorite, too. The atmosphere is casual so it's a great place to bring a toddler. They have a pretty comfy couch in one corner. Great place just to come hang out. 

They also have a really great live band about 1x a month on Saturday nights. Oh and I almost forgot. They have these specialty sauces you can purchase. My husband NEVER eats salmon- until we tried it once with their Jerk Sauce. It was so good we bought a bottle to take back east to share with our family and everyone loved it. We use it on BBQ chicken and salmon. I LOVE this place.
If you need a place for a meeting, study group, etc Maui Wowi is a great place!  My favorites are the Cappuccino Honu and the Cappuccino Makiema (sp?).  However any of the fruit smoothies (Hawaiian Dreamsickle) are also very tasty.  The atmoshpere is clean, inviting, and 'chill'.  So when you are at the SanTan Mall don't forget they are tucked in there, it is well worth the stop!
Love it. Great coffee and service with a smile!
Friendly staff good coffee to start the day and Fish Taco Tuesdays are GREAT
Driving south from Maricopa I couldn't help noticing the sign "Grilled Fish Tacos." To my surprise, I pull into the strip mall parking lot to find a dude with a gas powered burner plate. He tells me to pay for the tacos inside, so I purchase two at 3.00/ea.  I give him the receipt and he proceeds to batter two pieces of fish and adds a bunch of oil while it cooks. My first thought is this is not grilled, but fried, but I decide not to make a fuss. When it's done he hands me two tortillas each with a piece of fried fish the size of my pinkie finger. I go back inside the coffee shop to show the tacos to the lady at the counter. She responds by directing me to a tabletop area with some exposed condiments, and proceeds outside to reprimand her employee when it (the size/quantity of the fish) was no fault of his. Instead, it's the management that decides to charge 3 dollars for about 30 cents worth of food. Never meant to be lunch, but merely a snack.

I'm sure their coffee and other menu items are decent, but they should stay out of the taco business! Take my advice, if you're in the mood for fish tacos and have the unfortunate experience of being in the Casa Grande AZ area, ignore the sign and head further into town to Rubios or some other place that's known for fish tacos.
Love their zucchini muffins!!!!!!!!!
I LOVE the girls there at the Cafe. They are always ready to wait on me and give me a HUG. Their pastries are excellent, (with NO CALORIES, LOL) . The brownies are delicious. The sandwiches are real tasty. Try out the Cafe, you won't be disappointed. Friendly, good food, and HUGS, where can you go for all that !!! Wendy
You can't get better fish tacos anywhere in this area. Mary is always creating new and delicious baked goods, too.  Probably my favorite thing about Curbside is the atmosphere, it just feels welcoming and friendly to me.
Highly recommend!!! A locally owned and operated coffee shop that can use your support. Come for the fresh coffee, delicious sandwiches and fish tacos stay for the great personable friendly service.
Great coffee, great food, and great pastries! In such a small town, it is such a pleasure to have such a great locally owned coffee shop. Definitely stop in if you live in CG, or if you are just rolling through. You will be treated well, and leave with some great food.
Your egg salad is the best and I love all the goodies you guys bring around on Friday.  Thanks for everything!
Great food, great people. The fish tacos are cooked on a grill while you wait! No deep fry here.
The mango tea is also worth getting as is their home made mango  salad. 
Go in say hiand eat well.
What a gem!  The Chupale Pichon is $6 for a grilled footlong hotdog topped with grilled onions and red peppers, bacon, chili, and cheese, plus a side of fries and jalapenos.  Washed it down with alfalfa agua fresca.  Have you ever had Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans and wished there were real "grass" flavored candy in the world?  TA-DA!  :-D

The staff was super friendly and patient explaining what the menu items contain.  I'm a pretty worldly eater, but there were colorful treats I had never heard of - and I can't wait to go back and try them all.

My friends had the Tostilocos and loved it, but I'm not a fan of pickled pork.  I tried another friend's Cemita sandwich filled with carne asada, avocado, and melty cheese in a toasted sesame bun.  Their son had the $2 nachos and a Mexican Coke and was happy.

There were easily 50 people who came through while I sat in the corner with my laptop for a couple hours - mostly Mexican families getting ice cream and shaved ice.  It's out of the way for me, but I'll swing by any time I'm in the Northeast.
Woah man, fresh ice cream! Crazy flavors! Normal ones too!
This place is the real deal. All their ice cream flavors are rich, complex, and utterly realistic. 
Most of the ice cream names are in Spanish.
They let you try before you buy.
My favorite flavors are Chongos (idk what kind of tasty magic they put in it, but I'm under its spell), and the orange one. Don't remember what it's called but it's the orange one that doesn't taste fruity. I'm sure if you ask for that description they'll know what you mean.
They also have rose flavored ice cream, with little bits of petals in it. Tastes just like they smell...rosey.
Definitely an experience and a delicious one at that.
This is my favorite ice cream place in the whole wide world.
This is another hidden gem in the Sunrise area, and now that I've been to every La Flor De Michoacan in town, I must say that this is my favorite one, because its a restaurant and ice cream shop in one! Not only do they offer Ice cream, sorbet, and agua fresca...

Pizza, Burgers, Chicken Wings, and Fries? They have those here...

Chicago Dogs, and Mexican style street dogs? They have these here too...

Salvadoran and Oaxacan specialities? They have these here too....

Smoothies, Frappes, and Boba Teas....BOBA TEAS!?!?!? Yup, they sell these too!

This location is clean and spacious, and you can even play Ms. Pac Man or watch TV here! Not only do they have all the flavors of the Charleston location, they have sweets and imported snacks from Mexico, and Chamoy sorbet, which is a tart sauce used on some of LFMs creations. Believe it or not, they even have a flavor named William Levy,(He's the one shmoozing poolside with the M&M, and a Dancing with the Stars finalist) after the "Latin Brad Pitt" LOL!!!! How's that for a unique flavor!?!?
The Ice creams, sorbets and snacks offered here are so plentiful, you could seriously have a meal and dessert in one sitting, and not feel cramped up like the other locations.

I finally decided on my usual Pine Nut and Cajeta, and wifey got Pine Nut and Rice Pudding. Always a cool bonus with the free toppings. As we were enjoying our ice cream, one of the workers were nice enough to give us a sample of some Pastel de Queso(Mexican Cheesecake) which was dense, rich, and smooth. I can't wait to return to try their hot dogs, Oaxacan specialities, and of course, more ice cream!....ALOHA!!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(51/100) "Tricked Out Sweet Shop"
Yet again we have found another Flor location...Yipee for us! This place beats all other Flor stores in my opinion for the simple fact that they serve their typical yummy variations of ice creams and agua frescas as well as Mexican and South American dishes and this place has a nice size seating area with both tables and booths. 

The service was also among the nicest I have encountered.  So attentive and helpful and as we were enjoying our ice cream a staff member or owner (couldn't tell) brought us a slice of their cheesecake asking us to sample it. Their menu both sweet and savory is extensive so bored we will not be anytime soon!
Wowza. This is a great Mexican neveria/restaurant that is so far from everything. Which is kind of ok with me, otherwise I would be in here every day.

My friend and I made the trek out here the other day and we were BLOWN AWAY with all the options of food and treats they offer. Besides like 20 rotating flavors of ice cream, they also offer about 8 different aguas frescas, paletas, and a ton of salty, spicy snacks. It literally took us half an hour to decide. I went for a scoop of mango and another of chamoy (chamoy is a sauce made from pickeld fruits, with salt and chile. Mexicans use it with everything, mango, cucumber, shaved ice, etc.) 

Do yourself a favor and try the chamoy, it is unbelievable! Usually when confronted with so many choices, my brain shuts down and I always end up getting the same thing. My friend got the chamango which was very good and we shared a cup of corn, which was just ok. 

I will be back, no doubt about it. Probably buying a liter of chamoy ice cream.
Back again, this time to try their savory items (and more ice cream of course!)

We were intrigued by the Tlayuda, a Oaxacan speciallity that looked like a pizza-Baked tortilla, black beans, cheese, onion lettuce, tomato, and avocado topped with a piece of carne asada, and chorizo. We also wanted to try one of their Hot Dogs. They had a Chicago style one, one called the Titanic, and another one called Chupale Pichon which means(according to the urban dictionary) "Suck my d**k"...Now why would you name it that when kids come in here too? Kinda awkward if a kid asks his parent for that!?!? Oh well...

Of the two items we got, the Titanic Hot Dog was the better one with bacon, onions, avocado, and sour cream. I'd probably get this again.The Tlayuda had good taste, but the tortilla had a stale texture instead of a nice crunch I was expecting.
Not something I'd order again. Our ice cream treats kinda made up for it in the end...whew!   ALOHA!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(78/100) "Street Dogs and Sweets"
One of the most amazing places I've ever been to. Home made/artisinal style ice cream made with fresh ingredients. Their fresh aguas are made daily. A true hidden gem.
Just went in with my husband and kids. Very busy place. Waited in line for about 20 mins. Never seen it this busy. So many things to eat. Love coming here. I got the Fresas con crema, very good. My daughter got the banana split with the gansito ice cream. Very good taste just like a gansito. My husband and I split a titanic hot dog with fries. Very good. Next time were trying the chupale pichon. I wish they would lower their prices though. Very pricey  :(
The idea of this place is great, Mexican based ice cream shop. I was bothered by how much of a dirty environment it is. The tables to sit at were all covered with filth, employees did not follow basic health regulations, and there was hair in the food that I ordered. Not just a single strand of hair, a good amount for me to be upset about. I don't usually have a problem with such things, but this place disgusted me.
The food is amazing , as well as their flavored waters , not to mention the friendliest staff , I've encountered . They're very helpful & courteous from the moment you walk in . Definitely a family environment, I highly recommend it !
We would like to let our customers know that we are holding an event on June 29th to benefit The Nevada Childhood Cancer Foundation. From 4-8 pm we will be donating 50% of our profits to this wonderful foundation. Tell your friends & family to come out & support this great cause ! Hope to see you here , thank you !
If you want to try new flavors or stick with classics this is a great spot for homemade ice cream. The Mexican inspired ice cream is homemade on site. I love sampling the unique flavors. The ice cream is the perfect style of creamy texture and flavor. The staff are friendly but not all speak fluent English so getting translation of ingredients can be little tricky sometimes. There is frequently a line but generally it goes quickly. The food is ok but I would recommend going next door to Mama Marias if you want dinner and eating here for dessert! I would give the ice cream five stars, I took off due to cleanliness and food. The floors are frequently dirty and they generally can't keep up with cleaning the tables on busy nights. Both are due to heavy traffic. Overall, I highly recommend as a great homemade, unique ice cream shop. My whole family loves it. Would be a great stop on the way back from the Lake Mead.
This place is perfect for all those with a huge sweet tooth. They have a wide variety of creative Mexican ice cream, ice cream bars, brownies, funnel cake which they call funny cake and they even have good food. The price isn't too bad and im sure you will enjoy it. For those that like spicy treats they sell diablitos which are mango snow cone with chili and chamoy.
YUM!!!!
Love this place so yummy n very good service and clean love taking my family here and friends !!!!!
I finally got to try the infamous chamango! I was a little nervous because I thought there might be a little but chamoy and I wouldn't be able to eat it, but that was def not the case. I took the first bite of the mango and it was delicious! To be on the safe side I got it with mango ice cream. It was a delicious dessert I would def come back for!

Another plus? The service is super friendly! Good food and a good atmosphere, they def know what they're doing!
This place is awesome.  My husband loves the Hawaiian bannana split.  My daughetr loves the chamango and I love their pupusas and drinks especially the alfalfa and strawberry and cream one.  They have icecreams such as Rose flavored, gansito, tamarindo and many others.  Anyting here is good.
Mostly icream and other sweets but they have some dinner plates and specialty hotdogs! 

Tonight I got two scoops of ice cream, Rose petal and eggnog! The rose petal smelled like roses, was pink and had small bits of rose petals! Small bites was really good but big bites, was slightly soapy tasting. 

The egg nog was very good! Small raisins and had a rich creamy taste, would get this one again. 

Very easy menu order by site or if you read spanish, but if not staff very good at helping you understand whats what!
I always come to this store for their rose ice cream, its so good and it has a floral scent and taste of roses, i always get it when its available. They have many flavors of ice cream and they always let you try them before you buy the ice cream. They have a friendly staff and a large variety of foods and desserts to try. if you are in this area you should check this place out.
BEST ice cream in town!! Delicious Banana Split and Tostilocos! Great experience overall. Very friendly staff! Definitely will drive 10 miles again and again! Hope they have fried ice cream next time!
I had been coming here for years for their ice cream and aguas fresas. This year I stopped going because every time I go and order a chamango they give me the least appetizing bright green mangos. Last time I went I ordered 5 ( for my family) and had to throw all of them out because they were too gross to eat. The ice cream is still great but not enough to bring me back.
Segun de Michoacan y tienen pura comida Salvadorena esas son mensadas deverian d acer Mexicana
I will not be going here ever again.
First stuff yourself next door at Momma Maria's
With the best chili Verde in LV. Then take a swim in any ice cream concoction they have a picture of. It's all good! !
They have the best chamangos in Las Vegas! I've tried them in a few other spots and they are no where near as good! I tried them here and I was surprised how good they were! Everything I've tried I've liked!
anyone that has been to more than one Tropical Smoothie Cafe knows that there are good locations and bad locations (as in, they cant make good smoothie-the staple of the establishment). this happens to be the best of all the locations ive been to.

no mater what smoothie i order, it is always good and consistent. i can come in any any day of the week, whether its busy of slow in there, and my smoothie is tasty. i usually get the health nut with whey, but im known to get a peanut paradise or a sunrise sunset from time to time and they are just right every time and never watery tasting or off.

they also have food, people. food that is also really good and on the "healthy" side. wraps, sandwiches, salads. my favorite wraps are the jamaican jerk chicken or the popeye's favorite. i get the ultimate club sandwich a lot and its really good. salads...i dont mess around with them but im sure theyre good. 

anyone that lives in that area, horizon and horizon, should stop by. definitely buy one of the tropical smoothie reusable cups and save a styrofoam cup from going into the environment.
Stopped in for a immune blast smoothie around 12:30PM and the place was empty.  I like that they will deliver the smoothie to you personally.  When I went on my way with my smoothie in hand to do some major errands before the holidays  I could not even suck out of the straw. the smoothie.  I was very frustrated.  I had to actually use a spoon once I got home to eat my smoothie.
Had to go back since I was feeling under the weather and get the Immune blast with added extra vitamins.  My daughter got the chocolate/banana smoothie.  Both were made really well and they were both yummy!  The young man behind the counter was great with my daughter.  I loved that he walked over to us to personally deliver the smoothies instead of us getting up to get it.  I am so glad I came back again and not let one incident cause me not too.  I have to see I love the artwork in this place and yes, you can but it too!  :)
Went in for two immune blasts and a kid's chocolate/strawberry.  Used my VIP card and got great smoothies.  My daughter loves them too!  :)
we went in here for a after Pilate's for a healthy dinner. We were greeted by two boys that were 12ish. We gave our orders to go and sat down at the table. We then got a show we did not pay for one of the boys had his girlfriend in the shop and they proceeded to have some public displays of affection right in front of the counter...i lost my appitite.Good thing we had to drive a ways to get home.
that being said I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and a cup of there soup of the day. Yuck the soup was canned and terrible. the chicken salad was okay but i looked up the calories on line and it was almost 800 calories for this healthy sandwich.DONT GO HERE.It was $11 dollars for a sandwich and soup and a soda.
smoothie a day keeps the doctor away! get up and goji buy far the best.
Went into Tropical Smoothie thinking of the "healthy options"...NOT.  After ordering two chicken wraps and a pomegranate plunge we were reading the Owners pamphlet on his creation of a "healthy cafe."  Then we watched as our wraps came out of a microwave oven.  Upon questioning the cashier about the Microwaving of their food he told us that's the way they do it.  Since they boast about no grills, hoods or other costly equipment to help startup costs for franchisees...so where is the "healthy" in this cafe?  With 45g of sugars coming from turbinado sugar added for a total of almost 89g of sugars in the pomegranate plunge...Run and find your insulin.  If you are looking for a healthy cafe...keep looking and pass the Tropical Smoothie Cafe by.  The only reason this cafe would get one star is that the staff is nice and the place is clean.
great smoothies and quick at this location. They need to up their cleanliness inside the dining area. Always dirty tables and paper on the floors. Also, keep the front windows clean.
I don't have a whole lot to compare this place to as far as smoothies go, but there seems to be a large variety of lowfat and indulgent smoothies here.  Service is nothing special but in my experience it's been very fast.  Smoothie is ready before I even sit down.  I haven't had the food so I can't comment on that end of it but I'll definitely continue to come here for my smoothie fix.
Not going to give it 1 star simply because this is not because of the food...simply put, the service here has gone down hill. Each time my wife has come here, once or twice a week, they have split a large for our three YOUNG children. No way that any of them could finish their own (even a kids size). I thought it especially accommodating at first that they would split a large for us so that my kids could enjoy one without having to waste. Today when I went in, the worker looked at me as if I was crazy when I asked her to split one for me. When I explained that they did this for my wife all the time, she was quick to deliver a rude reproach..."we never do that!" What a coincidence, "we will never come back here." Job well done fellas!
I'm so bumping this place down a star.  I come here SO often but it's not because they blow me away with their amazing smoothies and incredible service.  It's simply because it's by far the closest smoothie place to my house.  I discovered today, after almost 5 months of coming here, that they have a punch card.  Why did I never know about this?  I'll tell you why... because no one ever offered it to me.  

I heard the employee ask another customer today if they'd like a punchcard.  I'd never been offered one before so after I received my smoothie I requested it.  A little bit of consistency in service goes a long way.  And a smile never hurt anyone either.  

Still, the smoothies are decent and the prices are pretty good for the amount of smoothie you get.  There are definitely tastier smoothies to be had, but until those places move closer to me I guess this is as good as it's going to get.
Average smoothie I think they are upping there option because I noticed a section of healthy protein stile shakes like I see at the gym but still not too sure what's in it because even it has the fruits and protein powder they claim Font know what extra sugars and stuff they add in. Overall though it's a cool place to chill and if your in the mood for something cold it hits the spot
These people have the BEST smoothies ever they always have good service . One time they gave me a small smoothie and a cookie for my little son (he's 2 years old) for free!!!. THANK YOU SO MUCH !!!
I love Tropical Smoothie when I'm cutting calories. My favorite smoothie is a Blimey Limey with Splenda and no pineapple. It's great that they offer the option of Splenda. They have proteins you can add in for extra as well. If your looking for a more indulgent smoothie they have that too! My husband's favorites are the Peanut Butter Cup and the Acai Berry Blast. 

Tropical Smoothie also offers food. I have never tried it cause it is a bit pricey with the almost $6 smoothie. But it does look good and they have meatless "meat" options too! 

This location is always clean and the staff is friendly. Make sure you ask for a punch card so you can get a free smoothie when you buy 10! 

If your looking for a refreshing drink or just looking to replace a meal with a smoothie Tropical Smoothie is a yummy place to check out!
Leah helped me this morning and answered ALLLLL my random questions! Island Green was already my favorite...but knowing I can get it without sugar made my day! YOU'RE AWESOME! Can't wait to put my mug into use! Have an incredible day!! Thank you!
This place gave me the shits, like pissin outta my ass kinda shits. I went there right after new years for a chicken club and the flatbread was stale and tomatoes were definitely not fresh like the hills of Mangolia. The smoothie was good though.
Love this place. I always get the Island Green smoothie no banana with no sugar. I feel great after I eat here. I also always order the Flat bread pesto chicken...just the right amount of food. Sometimes I order 2 smoothies and put one in the freezer and eat it like ice cream the next day. Taste just as great as when it's just made. They also have a discount card thing that you accumulate every time you purchase.....once you earn enough your eligible for a free item.
I am a frequent customer at Tropical  Smoothie not only for their amazing smoothies but because they support Camp Sunshine in Maine where I have been many times when my child was battling cancer. However, this Sunday I was so disappointed in the three flat bread sandwiches I received. I ordered 2 steak tzaziki flat breads and one chicken chipolte flat bread. Unfortunately, the steak flat breads where loaded with purple onions.  Overwhelmingly loaded!! The steak was chewy and at times I could not manage to swallow the steak due to it's texture. My boyfriend had the same complaints with his steak  tzaziki flat bread. The chicken flat bread was absent the chicken!!  

We took our order home so we didn't have the luxury of resolving this issue immediately. However, I did call and spoke to a young lady (Bianca) who was very pleasant and insisted that only one tablespoon of onions is used in each flat bread and I insisted that there was definitely more than one tablespoon. She than proceeded to tell me that next time I should order it without onions... Really???? I enjoy steak with onions but not onions with steak! 

My smoothies were on point... As usual. However, the flat breads were beyond edible. I thinkTropical Smoothie should stick with what they know &/ provide better training in sandwich making and customer complaints.
Love coming to this place but not if the staff is rude. Brianna, fat shaming people won't make you look or feel any better! Won't be visiting this location again unless I know she is no longer working there.
Pricey yummy upscale diner food type stuff here but what you can also get is a watermelon smoothie.  

A watermelon smoothie that tastes like a real watermelon. 

Like seriously, surprisingly like a real watermelon.

Like I was with someone who was in Vegas two years ago and had one and insisted on bringing me here to have one. 

Watermelon.

No artificial flavoring, just watermelon.

Water

Melon

Wah

Ter

Mel

On

W.
Exactly what a cafe should serve fresh food that doesn't taste overly processed. I'm looking forward to summer when its hot and getting a smoothie from here those looked like they would be fab. 

The only thing was the counter person messed up both of our orders by a lot and thus food was brought  to the table that we didn't order and we had to reorder and wait longer for the food. In the end it all got sorted out.

Yes, I will be back.
My cousin lives nearby so we stopped to grab dinner one night. 

There were lots of things on the menu that sounded appealing. I decided to go with the "440 Sandwich" - I mean, you can't really go wrong with grilled chicken, goat cheese, avocado and red peppers, right? That was my thinking, anyways. The sandwich was good, but the goat cheese was the dominant flavor. I love goat cheese, so that was fine with me. The fries that came with my sandwich were pretty standard, but good.

My friend ordered the signature pasta, I think. I tasted a few bites and thought it was yummy. The tomato cream sauce could have maybe been a bit more tomato-y, but I still thought it was good.

The wine portions are tiny, so if you decide to drop $12 on a glass, just know you aren't going to get much of it.

If you live in the area, this would be a great place to go for lunch or dinner every once in awhile.
Tacone left without a goodbye, and took its sauce bar and Kingston wrap with it. But when Rachel's Kitchen moved in, spiffed up the place with new seat cushions, cute tables and, most importantly, a wine menu, I had high expectations for a more sophisticated dining experience, food included.The service and atmosphere are outstanding.The staff could not be nicer.I'm a wee bit disappointed because the food's just okay. 

The most memorable part of my "440" chicken sandwich ($10.50) was the size of the red pepper. I believe they cut a pepper in half, roasted it, and laid it over the chicken. It was an unbelievable amount of red pepper. Other than the pepper, the chicken, goat cheese and avocado sandwich wasn't dressed up. It tasted like something I would make at home. Sometimes when I eat out, the food tastes better, as if there's a thin layer of honey butter spread all over everything.  

My husband ordered the chicken curry wrap and we exchanged halves. His wrap wasn't any better than my 440. 

The ingredients are fresh, the wine is okay, and the outdoor seating is lovely. I kind of wish they would have spiffed up the menu in the same way they spiffed up the decor.
I like the concept, but after 1 visit a month ago I can't say we've really been itching to go back. 

Signature Pasta ($11.50)
Penne with chicken breast, eggplant, sundried tomatoes, mushrooms with our Tomato cream sauce. 

Hmmm does that say cheese anywhere?! I was doing no cheese for Lent and was pretty upset when I got my take out container home and saw the entire thing was covered in thick goopy mozzarella. Cheese issues aside, it wasn't particularly special - especially for the price. 

BBQ Chicken wrap ($9.95) - husband got this, again wasn't overly impessed. 

The saving grace was the reasonably priced and AMAZING smoothie -

Hawaiian Bliss ($4.50) - pineapples, bananas, coconut, pineapple juice, NF vanilla yogurt. YUM (but if you follow my reviews you know I'm a pineapple/banana/coconut slut, so I guess me liking this isn't all that surprising!). 

They do have $3 mimosas on Sundays so hopefully I'll be back at some point to try the breakfast with a mimosa! Additionally, I've heard the patio seating is doggie friendly - a major plus .
Rachel's Kitchen in the District at Green Valley Ranch is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  Like many things in life, you get what you pay for.  If all I wanted was filler meal for $5, I might settle for a sub.  Rachel's is nothing of the sort.  

I had the much reviewed 440 sandwich.  A quick list of the ingredients including the red pepper and goat cheese indicate the excellence.  I am a big eater and found the sandwich and onion rings quite satisfying.  

Jessica had Arugula Pear salad.  She enjoyed it very much.  I tried it too and found it to be of a high quality.  We shared an excellent smoothie made of nice fruit ingredients.  

The location in Green Valley is excellent with nice outdoor seating.  Many dog people found it to be an accommodating atmosphere too.  All in all, I highly recommend Rachel's Kitchen for a top notch lunch or dinner.
If you are on a budget you may be discouraged by the cost of a sandwich here...you may be thinking " maybe I can spend 2 dollars less and go eat at subway" but you would be missing out on great food and service.  
I have only eaten there a couple times and when I find something I like I usually stick with it...in this case it's the "440" and always with fries and sometimes a smoothie (sunset)  
The staff there are very helpful and seem happy (which is nice for a change) about serving you and earning your business.
Food - 5 stars
Employees - 5 stars
Cleanliness- 5 stars
I think I just talked myself into going there now for lunch.
Wow! I am the Administrative Assistant in my office, and am constantly looking for the next great place to use when catering staff meetings. I just ordered through Rachel's Kitchen Henderson location, and am absolutely impressed! For just over $210, I was able to get an assortment of sandwiches, wraps, 2 salads, fruit and dessert to feed 15 people. This included delivery and wonderful customer service. Everything was delivered promptly (5 minutes early) and perfectly organized and displayed. My team was pleased, my boss was happy with the budget, and everyone's stomachs are thankful!
Went there on midweek for breakfast.  Place was relatively busy.  When I ordered, I asked how long the food would take, the order taker indicated 10 minutes, which was not the right answer.  She just said that to get me out of line, it took longer than that.  

Food quality of omelette was good.  Had it with spinach and basil, tasty.
Omelette comes with potatoes (which looked like the same ones they serve at Waffle House, from a box) and toast.  I eat neither potatoes nor toast.  Instead of discounting the price of the omelette, they wanted another 1.50 or something like that for fruit instead.  A bit ridiculous.  Probably wouldn't go back.  Restaurants need to switch from white potatoes to red potatoes.
Came for breakfast, blueberry pancakes were a perfect mix of buttery goodness without being over the top. Husband had omelette and it wad a good size. The only con is that it can get rather pricey if you want to upgrade to eggwhites and/or switch out fruit for the potatoes. At Cracked Egg, you can tailor your meal to anything you want and they won't charge you a dime to substitute or replace something with another. Potatoes nothing to write home, they are fried and not seasoned with anthing.
I do love the ambiance of being able to sit outside- they have the misters going during the day/night and theres enough trees right there to give some shade! Go for the pancakes and/or smoothies. Haven't been there for lunch or dinner, so can't comment on that. 
The fact that everything is made fresh though, and the staff is always friendly and you can enjoy the beautiful setting give this 5 stars!
Awesome food that tastes good and is good for you. They also make great juices. I recommend the Popeye's Secret. Nice staff as well. Outdoor seating will be nice in the Fall.
Curried Chicken salad or sandwich is good. Bar-B-Q chicken wrap is also a winner.
The food is terrific and staff is great! I have tried almost every salad and each one is delicious in it's own unique way... The only sandwich I had was the "440" it was okay but I would stick to the salads... I love to sit outside with my dogs and enjoy the great scene of the district...
Rachels Kitchen is a great restaurant at the District. I have come for breakfast and lunch and not had a bad meal. I have tried the Breakfast Burrito which has a great combination of eggs, avocado, and swiss cheese and the perfect portion size. For lunch i have tried the BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger which could be my 2nd fav. burger next to In n Out.
All the ingredients seems to be fresh with tons of flavor and the service there is great!
Wow!
Food Quality - Perfect
Ambiance - Great considering it seems low key, but it works.
Serving Size - Just right
Healthy - Has some really healthy stuff and some not so healthy.

Overall - I like the food choice, the quality, the health choices. I think it will be a great place to continue to go and if you have pets, you can bring your pet and eat out side. Cannot beat that!
I've now visited Rachel's kitchen a couple of times, and I'd recommend others give it a try if you're wandering around the district.  Some folks may think $10 sandwiches may be a bit steep, but the ingredients are fresh so the quality is pretty high. 

I've tried the vegetarian sandwich, so far that is my favorite menu item.  The onion rings were pretty awesome, but the portion was pretty small (I think I got three onion rings with the platter).  My friend liked the side salad that came with the gorgonzola burger, but wasn't a huge fan of the burger, found the medium a bit overdone.  Apparently the grilled chicken salad was pretty tasty - although my friend thought the menu said arugula and the greens were definitely spinach.  I've had the "energizer" juice there twice, and that's what I came back for the second time.  The first time was awesome, beety and lemon zingy on a carrot base.  This time it tasted pretty much like just carrot maybe with a hint of some other ingredients, but the ratios were a bit off...  So, I guess at this point I'm looking for a little more consistency.

I'll give this place another try the next time my stomach is grumbling in the area (I gotta say, I like looking at the body art on the employees). I'm hoping they can stay in business long enough to hit their groove so I can provide a positive update!
Great place to brunch in GVR. One of the first things I noticed when I first started coming here almost a year ago was the furniture-it's so cute! This is a great place to dine outdoors when the weather isn't sweltering and during the off hours an even better place to bring a book and have a cup of coffee or an in between meals snack.

The food is good, but nothing to write home about, however presentation is always very pleasing. I really like the 440 sandwich and the grilled cheese which are both easy classics that they get right every time. I'm partial to french fries, but the ones here taste and look like they come out of a frozen bag, so I opt for the salad which has a really good dressing and a nice mix of veggies.

I took one star off for price-I'm aware of the area it's in and I'm sure the rent on the space could stop a few hearts. I know what I'm partially paying for is ambiance, but still a little overpriced for what is essentially upscale cafe food.

The staff is nice and the setting is sweet-definitely a recommend for a lazy day brunch!
Found this place when we just weren't in the mood for a bar breakfast. Great vibe and the employees make you feel welcomed.  PROTEIN LOVERS SCRAMBLE WAS AWESOME. Get fresh juice, a little pricey but well worth it.  Breakfast burrito was good, but a bit lacking in the fillings; ill try the breakfast wrap next time.
Yummy!

I love The District and the Rachel's Kitchen is one of the reasons why.  They have very good food here: fresh and a lot of healthy options so you can justify a higher calorie coffee or maybe one of their smoothies that look so delish (although I haven't tried one yet).  The ambiance is perfect!  I love sitting outside here when the weather is nice.  You order at the counter and they bring your food to you, check up on how you are, and take your empty plates away when you're done.  Considering all of this I wonder why more people don't tip- they are essentially being waited on with the exception of having to go to the counter for the initial order.  Tip them a couple of bucks, the kids here can't make all that much money.  

I love the salads here but the breakfast food is also delish!  My sister got a mimosa with her french toast breakfast, how cool to offer mimosas in the morning!  A perfect way to start our day off of work.  I'll continue to keep coming back here, I've never had a bad experience.
Nice place set in a nice area to hang out and walk around, good place to take the kids for breakfast and the food is good.

Took us a while to find it first, it's very easy to miss as it's in The District and has just a small sign.  The restaurant inside is large enough to handle the patrons and has ample outdoor seating.
My ladies and I decided to have a nice girl's day out, so we headed to Rachel's Kitchen for brunch. 

I was a little disappointed to find out this place was a stand up and order at the counter type joint. I'm not embarrassed to admit it. I like waiter service!!! We ordered and found ourselves a TINY little booth to accommodate us. The table was abnormally slim and not very practical. 

Heat kept wafting from the kitchen area, which I found a little annoying. I ordered the grilled cheese and a watermelon juice. My friends ordered the breakfast burrito. The food was pretty good, not nearly good enough to be worth the somewhat hefty pricetag, but I digress. The food was fresh and my friends loved the potatoes, although I found them to be a tad soft and underseasoned. I loved my fresh watermelon juice and highly recommend that, so refreshing. Whenever I see that on a menu I have to order. It's my favorite. 

All in all, I've had better, but this place will do in a pinch. I'm definitely not itching to go back and if I'm in the area again I'd probably try any number of other restaurant options. Good option for healthy eating, though.
Used to be a Mexican place. I like it better now. Dined outside with the birds, had a great chicken Cesar salad. Friendly staff, despite all the ink. Order at the counter, they bring out your food, some of the quickest service. I do not care about a wait staff or not, I just care about the quality of the food, the promptness and the atmosphere. I like them on all the above
I recently tried out Rachel's Kitchen for brunch, and am glad that I did.  The omelets definitely satisfied (they were large enough for both me and the boy to take some home), with nice combinations of fillings, and the berry smoothie was a lovely morning pick me up.  I also indulged with the $3 Sunday morning mimosas, the proportion of OJ to champagne was perfect.  

The only thing I left wanting was homefries small town diner style; cut potatoes cooked in a cast iron skillet with onions and seasonings.  These were the typical (fried?) cubes that the breakfast joints around here seem to love so much.  

But, potatoes aside, we were pleased with our choices, and I forsee wandering back and sitting outside eating my brunch on a warm spring morning.  I like the atmosphere and the service is always beyond pleasant.
I seriously never thought of using the word "wholesome" in regards to yelping about a place... but there really is no other word to describe the food here.

So... every time bf and I come to Vegas, we make it a point to come here.  Not only cause his sister works here, but the food here is just short of amazing.  We take the drive from SD at about 3am, and end up getting here just in time for breakfast.

I always order the oatmeal.  Not sure why, but this stuff here tastes like it was not only made with love, but it is different and wonderful and just plain WHOLESOME.  They give you a huge bowl of it; enough for two, but I finish it like theres no tomorrow.  

I also order their watermelon juice.  Made from real watermelons, and its none of that artificial coloring/juices crap anywhere else.  Their banana pancakes taste just like Jack Johnson said they would.  (Lame joke.)

Its a little ways off of the strip, but if you ever find yourself in the Green Valley area, come here.  Its in a small shopping center with Anthropologie and Francesca's, as well as a cute little patio for you to eat in.
My sister lives in Henderson and so when I am in town we often go to the District to eat and/or shop. I found this little gem on my last trip. I ended up going there twice during my 4 day stay since the food was so good. 

First time was on a Sunday afternoon. I had the Gorgonzola burger with sweet potato fries. Both were excellent. The burger was juicy and cooked to perfection. The cheese on top gave it a really great flavor. I am a sweet potato fries fanatic and these were not the best ever, but pretty good just the same. I also had an ice cold beer with my meal; glad to see they had some good bottled micro-brews. The combo really hit the spot and I left extremely satisfied even though I was ravenous when we arrived. My friend got the spinach salad and when I tasted it it was also very good. She also took advantage of the $3 mimosas they offer on Sundays and said they were perfectly made. 

When we went back with my sister a couple days later I decided to try a salad since that is what they are known for. I got the arugula and pear one and it was delicious! A lot of texture and crunch. It had a bite to it from the arugula but the pear balanced this with a little sweetness and the goat cheese and fennel added an extra flavor dimension. My friend got the same spinach salad (she liked it that much!) and a Bellini which she said was not nearly as good as the mimosas. My sister had a wrap and regular fries. She said they were good but nothing special. I think the best items at this place are definitely the salads. 

I agree with some reviewers' comments that the prices seem a little steep for what you get. But the quality of the food and the excellent service make it well worth what you pay. Sitting out on the patio on a nice day, this is a great place for a ladies' lunch or even a brunch/lunch date. We did notice that on weekdays this seems to be a haven for mommies/nannies with little ones in tow. But on the weekends I agree with the other reviewers that this is definitely a dog-lovers hangout.
Rachel's Kitchen is my go to cafe for a quick salad or sandwich and brunch on the weekends. All the workers are very friendly and the owners Chris and Stacey are always involved. I enjoy the large outdoor patio on nice days. I highly recommend this restaurant.
WOW. So delicious!! Came here 2x during a 5 day business trip and couldn't get enough! Love the casual atmosphere.  Cobb salad was one of the best I've ever had.  Can't wait to go back!
This is a good place to have a terrific lunch although they serve breakfast as well. The food was FRESH and super tasty. This place definitely stands out from your average sandwich/wrap/salad joint. 

I had the pleasure of tasting the "440" Sandwich- very satisfying! Your choice of bread, [I WOULDNT CHOOSE THE FRENCH BREAD AGAIN though, only because all the ingredients kept slipping out and just plain made a mess of everything] comes with CHICKEN, AVOCADO, SWEET RED PEPPER, LETTUCE, TOMATO- DELICIOUS. You get a choice of onion rings, sweet potatoes, or fries. I tried both the ONION RINGS AND SWEET POTATOES, but the sweet potatoes take the cake! YUMMY. I also tried the WATERMELON JUICE - it was good, but I didn't get what everyone was raving about in reviews- I mean, it simple, just plain watermelon juice. If you try it, make sure you ask for ice in your cup! 

What I enjoyed most about this place is that there's a variety of items on the menu- something for everyone- pasta, burgers, hummus, dessert items etc.. I wasn't too fond of their seating arrangement and the place is really small. AND sadly the service was not very good as they completely forgot to make my friends order- ON THE PLUS SIDE: they gave him a free dessert for the mistake. I would come here again and recommend it to all my health junkies :)
5 stars all the way for the....

1. Freshness, crispness of the leafy greens and vegetables they use. Seriously you will NOT find any wilted and brown greens in your food.

2. Freshness of the high quality deli meat/ hamburger patties & juiciness of the meat. 

3. Attentive waitresses and excellent customer service.

4. The excellent Chinese Chicken Salad, BBQ Bacon Burger, and the Smoked Turkey & Avocado Sandwich

5. Delicious non-greasy & crispy onion rings!
Quick, wholesome, delicious food.
Great lunch spot find. There are so many yummy options that it was hard to make a decision between breakfast or lunch. I ended up ordering the veggie sandwich on a ciabatta roll with sweet potato fries. The combination of fresh grilled veggies (eggplant, zucchini, roasted red peppers, squash, red onion and tomatoes) and goat cheese were mouthwatering. The sweet potato fries were good, not too soggy and not too crispy. I used my yelp check in offer and chose the lemon, poppyseed muffin. Wow was it good. I had to stop myself from eating more than half because it was so delicious. The lemon was a great add to the mix. 
I'm hoping to try this place again soon. This time for a salad or breakfast!!
Yummy! I had curry chicken salad sandwich with sweet potato fries. It was seasoned right to my taste and of course, I love the flavor of curry. A bonus to this was when I checked in with yelp, I get to have a free pastry.. since I was there around 6pm, there wasn't many to choose from, I end up getting their big fat chocolate chip cookie which was delicious. I went to the gym a couple hours later to burn off that fat cookie that I ate! 

I want to come back and try other things there at an earlier time.
It's a really good place to have outdoor brunch this time of year (end of autumn). The atmosphere is great at a shaded table under lots trees with green scenery. The vegetarian sandwich I ordered today is pretty good. I really like they put raw onion, grilled eggplant, grilled tomato with little mayo sauce in it. Watermelon juice tastes really fresh and yummy. However, I don't really like the arugula pear salad I ordered today. It was a tad too sour and under seasoned (just need a dash of salt) to me. As a big fan of arugula salads, I didn't finish them today. It's a 3.5 stars in my book.
Had a delicious, large Cobb salad for lunch.  A little pricey, but very good.
Clean environment.

I think its way over price for what they serve. 

I had the Caesar wrap but it was overly salty.
I love Rachel's Kitchen. It's the best option if you're looking fr a place to eat at in the district. Their food is always fresh and highly addictive. My go to items are either one of the salads or the "440 sandwhich". The staff is always friendly and brings you your order. I've been meaning to try the breakfast because the menu looks delicious. The only minor complaint I have would be it's a little on the pricey side. I know they have really fresh ingredients so I can't complain too much. I still will continue coming here because it's so tasty though!

Also when the weather is nice you can sit outdoors with your dog which is a major plus!
Delish! Everything I've every had there has been really good, fresh salads and wraps to my kids PB&J. I find it annoyingly busy during lunch hours so when I go I plan to go early or later. Mimosas on Sunday while listening to jazz outside. The district doesn't have that much going on but this place makes it a worthwhile destination. I do agree with some other reviewers that it is a tad overpriced.
The food is good and healthy.  The chicken and barley soup was our favorite along with the teas.  They provide nice healthy portions and the wait staff was really nice.  The only downer is the place is really small and it's tough to find a seat.
Rachel's Kitchen, the Sequel, is just as good as the original on my side of town.  I appreciate having one that's located right down the road from my workplace in Hendertucky.  Fresh, healthy, wholesome food is certainly on the menu, but if you're like me, you go for the artery-clogging Ultimate Grilled Cheese sandwich.  Hey, I had sweet potato fries instead of the other, evil kind, so that's got to be a little redeeming, right?  Anyway, I don't feel guilty--it was GOOD and I enjoyed every bite.  I also liked the fact that when I checked in on Yelp, I had the option of receiving a FREE cookie or muffin--I LOVE free things!  I'll be back and maybe I'll order something with green vegetables...or not.
I have only been to Rachel's Kitchen no more than five times. 

I have mix reviews about this whether if I should give it a four star or a three star.  Then I settled with a three-star because after tasting several of their food by munching off with my friends and my food.  I believe their food quality is mediocre and the price for the food, I believe is a little too over-priced.

I recently went to Rachel's Kitchen and ordered a Turkey Club Sandwich and the price was a little over $10 or $11.  For the taste of the food was not worth it.  I'd rather walk further and went to panera bread instead.  

With that being said, I am no hurry to come back to Rachel's Kitchen, i would try other options first.  

TIP: Check-in to rachel's kitchen and get $3 off mimosa on sundays :]
I work in the district, so this place is right down the road.  We usually walk over to it.  I have to be honest I have only come here when I am on a work lunch.  The first time I went I got a burger with fries. It was tasty it wasn't cheap and it wasn't too overpriced.  The second time I got the chicken Caesar wrap.  This was amazing!  I mean it was just a wrap but it was a good sized tasty wrap.   I seen the other dishes from my co workers orders.  The pastas look pretty good too.  The best thing about this place is when it's nice outside you want to sit outside.  Overall the food is really good.  I have to say that the lunch prices are a little steep but at least the food makes up for it.  If you are ever in the district go grab a bite!  Cheers!
The best grilled cheese sandwich!  Try it for yourself.  Good sized tasty salads.  Wine and art nights are fun.
Occasionally, I try to undo all the damage yelping does to my arteries.  So...I head on down to Rachel's Kitchen.

My go-to drink is Sweet Greens with kale, cucumber, lemon, ginger, spinach, apple, etc.  Yes, it sounds revolting unless you're a hippie.  However,  I tell myself it's good for me (guh, who actually likes eating kale??) and gulp it down.  They have other, less intense juices like watermelon, if you're a wuss.

They also serve food and it's pretty good.  I enjoy the vegetarian sandwich.  It has goat cheese and I truly believe most things taste better with goat cheese.  They also have some great vinaigrette salad dressings. 

Also, randomly, they serve alcohol.  I'm tempted to order oatmeal and wine one day.  Maybe I'll head there right now...
I really enjoyed this place!  Great spot for one of those days where you are looking for a quick bite rather than going to a fast food restaurant.  

There were many options on the menu, but I decided to go for the Turkey club.  I mean cmon now, turkey, bacon, AND avocados all in a sandwich, I am sold! 

The portion size was decent!  Not too big and not too small!  It came with either salad or fries (I chose the more unhealthier option).  If im going to have bacon, might as well throw in the fries right?! haha.  

I'd definitely go back and try other things!  The smoothies looked good, maybe that next time!
This place is amazing and defines what fresh ingredients and fresh food is all about. My hubby and I ordered the classic cheeseburger, fettuccine Alfredo, and side of onion rings (as seen in the photos). Believe me the food tastes as good as the pictures look. The fettuccine was so creamy and gave it an earthy taste with the added mushrooms. The cheeseburger was one of the fresher/ better tasting burgers I've had in a while. I'm such a stickler for perfectly cooked and seasoned patties. A lot of times especially when beef patties aren't grilled under a flame, the party absorbs the blood and thus will give it a "gamey" smell/ taste. I was surprised though how well this patty was cooked considering it was probably cooked on a flat stove. The onion rings were wonderful as usual. Excellent food and service makes this perfect place to grab lunch!
Love the 440 and the tuna salad.  Best tuna ever.  Food is much better dine in that take out but still a winner.
Yummy place. Great food and portions. 440 is my fav!
I want to like Rachel's Kitchen more than I do.  To me, this place should be a slam-dunk.  They offer fresh food and healthy alternatives to the normal restaurant fare.  However, there are a few things that really bother me about this place.  Let me elaborate.

The first problem I've encountered is inconsistency.  I like going to places where I know that I can order the same thing more than once and get, well, the same thing.  Sometimes I get stuck in ruts and return to places over and over for a particular menu item.  That's how I know whether a place is consistent or not... and this place isn't.  I have ordered the same wrap (a BBQ chicken one) a dozen or so times.  Sometimes it absolutely blows me away.  Sometimes it is flavorless and skimpy on the filling.  Since I never know which way it is going to be prepared, I usually opt for other food places while I'm at The District.  The prices at Rachel's are similar to Panera, but at least I know how my Panera will taste.

Secondly, the service is somewhat lacking.  At times, I've been greeted with a smile.  Other times, I am greeted with a huff.  It goes along with this consistency issue that seems to be a theme at Rachel's - I like to know that I'm not going to be punished because the person taking my order is having a bad day.  

Lastly, some of the tables are TINY.  Like, barely large enough for two people to comfortably fit their orders on the tabletop.  Last time I visited, my fiance ordered a salad and I had a wrap.  Once you added drinks and utensils to the mix, it was a cramped mess.  Between the crowded tabletop and the fact that the table was scooted waaaaay too close to the line of people waiting to order, I felt claustrophobic and wanted to leave.

When Rachel's is good, it's some of the best food around.  When it's not, it feels like highway robbery.  I really wish this place would live up to its potential!
I really wanted to like Rachel's. I love a great cafe with an al fresco option, unfortunately Rachel's was a huge disappointment. The staff was dismissive and one girl was down right rude. The outdoor ambiance was amazing, but I really couldn't get over the careless staff. To compound the poor experience the food was just meh. We won't be back to Rachel's.
Much better breakfast than anywhere in Green Valley Ranch. This place is in the shops out the Backdoor of GVR by the cinemas. Love the omelettes. Lunch menu looks good too.
This is a recommended lunch place as they have a variety of sandwiches, wraps, burgers, and pastas.  The prices are about on par with their quality (about 8-12 dollars a meal), so there are no surprises there.  The only thing I would be aware of is that the location is a little small so they have few tables - which are also small.  However if you can stand the heat (or it isn't summer) there is plenty of seating outside.  The food is good and there is enough variety on the menu to keep you coming back to try something else.  I plan to go back several more times.
pretty yummy but pretty pricey.
Discovered this little gem thanks to a good friend of mine. The location appears to be extremely small and cramped inside, but the beauty of being in The District is that you can eat outside when the weather permits and they bring your order outside to you.

As a vegetarian, they do have a few choices for me. There's the Vegetarian Gourmet Sandwich and the Ultimate Grilled Cheese. They also have a Grilled Garden Burger but as a creature of habit, I always get the Vegetarian Gourmet Sandwich. I love the way that it is prepared and the veggies are always super fresh, juicy and delicious! I am also a big fan of their fries! :) Next time I visit, I have to get out of my comfort zone and try the grilled cheese or the burger. Both sound really good!

I'd recommend this place to anyone who's looking for a good sandwich. I also found out by accident that there's one just five minutes from my house in Summerlin. Have to hit that location here really soon. The only downside outside of it being pretty small inside is that it is a little pricey, in my opinion. But it's worth it.
The food was good. All was great until I found a pubic hair in my turkey sandwich. NO!!!! Why!!! I'm ruined forever...... Can't go back, maybe for a juice drink
I have been to Rachel's Kitchen twice and I have yet to be disappointed. The first time I went, I had a Smoked Turkey and Avocado sandwich and it was pretty good. It wasn't my favorite sandwich ever, but the ingredients were very fresh. I loved my Hawaiian Bliss smoothie though. I'm a fan of different textures in my drinks, so the coconut in my smoothie was great. The second time I went to Rachel's, I had their Granola with Yogurt and Fruit. It was delicious! I highly recommend this if you're a granola fan. I definitely plan on stopping by again to try more of their menu items.
This is a great spot, mostly because when I was sitting outside enjoyng my lunch, I didn't feel like I was in Las Vegas.  There were young families and folks with their dogs and it was so nice to not feel like I was at a "Vegas" place.  The food is really good too.  I had a really good turkey club sandwich with crispy bacon and avocado.  The mixed green side salad had a flavorful vinigarette.  The menu has a lot of healthy variety that includes breakfast, smoothies, sandwiches, pasta and salads.  
The inside is small, but there are are also a handful of outside tables where you can do some nice people watching.  
I was staying at the Green Valley Ranch and this was just across the street - a really nice way to get out of the casino / hotel.
Rachel's Kitchen is almost always a solid bet. Food is pretty consistent, service is decent (most often with a smile), and location is great when it's nice outside; inside is a bit cramped. My go-tos here are the signature pasta, either turkey-based sandwich, or the breakfast wrap & burrito. They're great about substitutions (I do some weird stuff with my orders sometimes, or "creative," if you wanna be nicer about it). Bottom line: not my absolute favorite breakfast/lunch place in the world, but one I'll keep coming back to. Bonus: they have a liquor license and use fresh OJ in their mimosas!
When shopping at The District I like to come here for a quick bite to eat. I usually have their Sweet Potato Fries. Perfect snack food for that quick energy boost I need when I'm out shopping. The serving is enough to feed two people. Texture wise the fries are moist inside and slightly crispy outside. Cut just right..not too thin or too thick.   I  also like to order the fresh squeezed watermelon juice to quench my thirst. It's so refreshing and about the only place I know that has it. The juice always taste sweet.  Price wise it's pretty fair and in line with the surrounding shops around here.  

Service wise: Staff here has always been pleasant and my orders come out fairly quickly when it's not busy. It's counter service so just place and pay for your order at the counter, place your number placard on your table, and a server will bring your order to you. Table seating inside can get loud with their blenders mixing up the drinks. They have plenty more  seating outdoors with trees for shade.  When it's not windy it's nice to dine al fresco here.
I had a tasty turkey sandwich with fries from Rachel's Kitchen for lunch on a nice end of summer day.  We decided to eat outside at one of the tables since the inside was pretty busy.  The food was fresh and delicious.  Price point was about average ($9 for my meal, water to drink).
The food was okay, the grilled cheese was burned ;-)
Wow!  I just had an awesome breakfast and I am ready for the rest of my day!

I decided to try "The Favorite" breakfast plate because it had avocado, goat cheese & sundried tomatoes (my 3 favorite things). 

A very friendly girl brought the plate out to me so I didn't have to wait by the counter. 

The food was fresh, hot, and tasted great!

I will definitely be back!!!
Great breakfast! Smoothie was delicious too!!!!
Very cool place, awesome menu and a little steep on the pricing! Love the chicken  Caesar wrap is awesome! Wish the sweet potato fries were crispier but meh I'll survive. 

They just expanded! Nice to have the extra space but I'm not sure it's being utilized properly to maximize the space.
Gotta love their watermelon juice. The only place I can count on to have the fresh fruit juice on a cold winter day!   As I was waiting for my order to be made I noticed there is something different about the place. There's more space.. There's more tables ..and chairs...there's actually more seating! Luckily the employee confirmed and  answered my question.. yes they did remodel and finished expanding it last month!  For a minute there I thought I was going crazy. Looking good RK!
What can I say about this place?  Sure, sometimes they may be out of the brownies or pecan bars . . . but let's be honest is that really a bad thing?  Sure, I'd love to know in advance when a certain muffin is being made.

To be honest- Rachel's at the District is a place to feel at home.  You pay for what you get and it is well worth the price.  Rachel's will custom make your omlette and lunch to make it fit what you can eat.

I love the fact that they have outdoor seating with heat lamps that you can just sit at and read and eat and people watch.  Everyone is always checking to see if everything is okay.  They have free wifi which makes it easier for me as I teach an love that I can work and eat at the same time.

I love the fact that they give back to the community through their 3 year celebration to the St. Baldricks (spelling).  I wish more small businesses would do this.

This place is the best for omlettes, salads, and sandwiches.  If I were to ask for anything to improve on, I would say maybe a list of what kind of muffins are being made, more nutritional breakdown, and powder sugar or cinnamon sugar  for their sweet potato fries to make it more of a dessert.
I wanted to let you know about our experience at Rachel's Kitchen, today. The food was fabulous and we ate outside in the GV District , very pleasant. However, I would have purchased your unique fruit juices, if I could taste one. When asked the employee she said they did not offer samples, too bad. My husband and I would have purchased 2. Not being familiar with your reciepies, samples may increase your sales. I ordered the Cobb Chicken Salad and a pecan dessert, my husband had a lite salad and chicken sandwich including passion teas. Nice day to dine outdoors in the GV district.
Healthy *check*
Convenient *check*
Delicious *check*
Food allergy friendly *check*

I don't' know where I've been that I did not know about the Henderson location (in the District) but I'm happy I've finally gotten with the program.

Meeting one of my BFF's for lunch and on this healthy eating thing I've been doing, Rachel's Kitchen was the perfect choice.

Lean white meat turkey burger on gluten free bread served up next to a fresh spring salad and a side of avocado.. YUM!  Making lunch your biggest meal of the day, you can't go wrong at Rachel's Kitchen. Fresh ingredients, healthy choices, and food allergy accommodations you're speaking my language. 

Oh, and let me touch on their adorable outdoor bistro style seating options (as the weather improves here it's just perfect), and their friendly and attentive staff.

Thank you Rachel's Kitchen for making my lunch break most memorable and lets not forget about DELICIOUS!
Hanging out at The District and looking for eats that promises to be fresh, consistent, and affordable? Then you can't go wrong with Rachel's Kitchen. I've been to the Summerlin location and always received quality eats with great service. 

This location is little different than the other spots since it's located in a shopping mall.  There's a wide variety of food from smoothies, oatmeals, sandwiches, and wraps. My usual order is their Smoked Avocado Turkey Sandwich and their PB Blast.  On this visit, I got their Turkey Burger, Sweet Potato Fries, and their Peanut Butter Blast w/extra protein. The turkey burger wasn't as big as other joints, but was definitely tastier.  One thing about some turkey burgers is that they can get a little dry.  Rachel's is just perfect and almost taste like a real burger minus the high calories. My friend loves their Chicken Curry Sandwich and decided to change it to a wrap on this visit.  She killed it so I assume that was was good too.  

One thing about this location is that it's a little busier than the Summerlin location.  This location has a different vibe, but still has the great service.  I love the Summerlin location and may be a little biased since that's the location that I frequent.  Overall, I'm still a fan of Rachel's and will continue to pay a visit when I'm in The District.
I really like Rachel's Kitchen and recommend it to a lot of friends who are looking for good wholesome food around the Green Valley area.  I love coming here for lunch when I'm in the area.  And, they recently expanded so they're twice as big now which is great!

The food is delicious and really fresh.  You really get the feeling they pride themselves on their menu and quality of ingredients.  I usually get the spinach salad with chicken.  It's excellent and really filling but light.  Their smoothies, especially the peanut butter blast, are just sweet enough and light enough you don't feel too guilty ordering them.

I did have an unfortunate experience there last time.  I ordered the sweet greens juice (fresh kale, spinach, cucumber, celery, apple, lemon & ginger root they juice themselves) and the grilled garden burger.  The juice tasted like I was straight up sucking dirt up through a straw and the garden burger wasn't very flavorful at all.  I think I just ordered the wrong things, but that meal made me sad.

Even with that previous experience, I'll still go back to Rachel's Kitchen.  Next time, I'll just be more aware of what I order!  The friendly customer service, quality of ingredients, and deliciousness of most their menu items definitely outshine one bad experience there.  And I'll still continue recommending this place to others, just not the sweet greens juice or veggie burger!
Rachel's kitchen is located in The District @ Green Valley Ranch.

I always see Ms. Christie O. checking in this place at her location in Summerlin so I decided to give it a try with my girlfriend.

We ordered;

Spinach Salad- To die for! It is composed of spinach, bacon bits, nuts,

Chef Salad with the insides of a Rachel's special- Not on the menu decided to invite my own! haha! really deli-sh as well. It consists of chicken apples, and other healthy stuff.

Garden Pasta- Not really fond of it it had peas yuck.. But when i tasted it , the sauce it was cooked with was good.. just did not like peas.. hehe im sure you guys will love it.

Buffalo Chicken Wrap- wrapped in a tortia based texture, and in the inside of it it had lettuce, cheese, chicken, flavored with BBQ.. It was ok too BBQ tasting for me.. hehe  know i should have known it was in the name.. haha!

We wanted to try the popeye drink but it was not available kinda bummed out, but will be back and hopefully they will not run out.

Overall, I love this place, I feel good clean and healthy eating here.. There are so many options for everyone for health fanatics and for burger lovers, the menu has a little bit of everything that will fit everyone's foodie desires..

TRY NOW!!!!! :)
Love this small shop in the District. Fresh, quick and delicious options at a reasonable price. Love the outdoor seating. Also very dog friendly.
My watermelon juice was tasty. The boyfriend's BBQ bacon burger wasn't anything spectacular, but it was definitely decent. Overall it seems like a nice place.
Twice in the past week we have been to this place and the juices are AWESOME!!!!  The smoothies are good as well and the food compliments.  It has been a while since we were here before these last two visits and it was great to see they expanded the inside and really made the place look nice.

We have always enjoyed the food here and now with the juices & smoothies, this place is one at the top of the list.  They have great food, great customer service and a place you should try.  

In closing, I have never had a bad experience here and doubt I ever will....A must to your list...
Sure nice staff! Coffee was great and the breakfasts we ordered where very, very good. They were super nice to our canine friends, too!
Finally got around to trying Rachel's and I'm so glad I did!

I met Ms. Fake-Up herself, Dana S, for a spur of the moment lunch and jaunt around The District. I had a hard time finding her in the restaurant because I'm not used to seeing her without all that fake-up lols. I was hungry but also trying to just be a healthier person (don't tell that to the peanut butter cookies I just snarfed) so I got a curried chicken salad over top a green salad. The green salad part kind of ruined it--personal preference...I just don't like vinaigrette and I didn't realize it had vinaigrette on it. No matter, though, because the chicken salad was good and next time, I'll get just the chicken salad with a sandwich instead.

Also got the watermelon juice. Yes, it was tasty. Yes, I can understand that it's winter and the prices have to pay for more than just the juice. But over $4 for this juice was really pricey. I will skip it next time to just save a little change. 

As for the other aspects of business--service, excellent. Decor, excellent. Dining al Fresco? Gotta get on that before it gets to be like stepping into the seventh circle of Hell outside. 

Skip Panera and come here. Actually go to Panera just for the cookies after lunch. 

No Danas were harmed in the creation of this Yelp review.
I met the Moll-tern here for lunch since both of us had this place bookmarked for a while. The high ratings are definitely well deserved as the food was delicious and fresh and the space plentiful and clean. Also, I am loving the patio seating until it gets scorching hot outside.

I parked in the plentiful lot behind Lucille's BBQ at The District, and it was only a short walk form there.

I ordered off their "Lighter Side" menu and opted for the grilled chicken sandwich with a side salad. Both the salad and the sandwich were delicious. The sandwich had grilled chicken breast, grilled eggplant, roasted red bell peppers, tomatoes, romaine lettuce and reduced fat mayo. Clocked in at about 330 calories with the salad. Not bad for a filling, quality lunch. Calories well spent.

My only gripe is that the calories are only displayed on the "Lighter Side" portion of the menu.

This is a great go-to spot for a healthy lunch.
Well, the location is perfect, especially if you want to eat outside under the trees.
But for the prices, I wasn't especially impressed.  It was good, don't get me wrong, but for $26 - 2 people for lunch, eh, I could have made something at home that was better & way less.
The tropical iced tea was horrible, and this is coming from a very picky tea snob, so I think the average person might have liked it.  My standards are very high.  The service was fast & friendly & the restaurant was quite clean. 
I will give them props for having a few Gluten-Free items on their menu.  
Not sure I'll go back, but it was an overall nice-ish experience.
Much like my feelings about Greens and Proteins - I think Rachel's acts on the most negative stereotype for good, clean food: it's expensive and often ordinary at best. This is a plague that many Vegas "healthier" choice spots are infected with. That or it's just good business until someone rolls along with a restaurant that proves you can serve good, satisfying food at reasonable prices without taking advantage of a new and untapped market.

Don't get me wrong. I don't think Rachel's makes tasteless food. What I do think they make is absurdly expensive mediocre food. Really - why is a sandwich around $12? I'm going to make a comparison to Whole Foods, as I did with G&P, in saying that I can get a much, much more fulfilling sandwich, made to order, with more ingredients and equal-if-not-better quality for $7-8. And it's across the street! Not only that, food is made ridiculously slow. Whole Foods would have it out the moment they got to you.

There is no reason to eat here unless you like overpriced food. If that's the case, you will love it.
Our recruiting team decided to have our monthly meeting at Rachel's Kitchen to spend a couple of hours at the District.  I'm glad we did!

One things for sure, this place is busy!!  Rachel's Kitchen is perfect for the District and really attracts a lot of people.  Young people, families, little children, there were so many people here.  I could tell that the food was going to be good.

I decided to get the Smoked Turkey and Avocado sandwich on wheat bread.  This sandwich has smoked turkey, avocado, swiss cheese, mixed greens, tomatoes and chipotle mayo with a mixed salad as my side.  The sandwich is huge!  I appreciated the huge chunks of avocado.  The chipotle mayo really married the sandwich together.  I also loved the balsamic vinaigrette on my mixed green salad side.  No wonder why this place was packed!  The food was great :)

The service was top notch as well!  Everyone was so attentive and more than one server kept visiting our table to see if we were doing great.  I definitely think you need to get your butt here.  You will absolutely love it.  Great new joint in the District at Green Valley.
Such a fun spot on Sunday mornings for "music and mimosas." 
There's a live band that plays outside of the cafe, creating a great ambiance. 

The menu has a wide range of vegetarian options, as well as those for the carnivores among us. 
All of the options are pretty healthy, and everything I have tried has been delicious(breakfast burrito, garden burger, grilled cheese).
Order the sweet potato fries as your side, and you won't be disappointed.
Only tried a few smoothies and the chicken caesar wrap...but they were grrrrrrrrrrreat!
A nice little place to stop and refuel while you are out at the District. 
There is indoor and outdoor dining available. I like that the order was brought to the table. The staff was friendly and able to give suggestions in regards to what kind of meal we were craving.  I had the watermelon juice which was very refreshing. My grilled cheese sandwich and side salad were filling and tasty.
Umm, apparently I've been living inn a bubble for the past year or so as I had noooo clue a Rachel's Kitchen opened up in the District @ Green Valley Ranch. 

I love this place with all their deliciously healthy food and they sell beer and wine! I can't wait to go back with my girls and have mimosa's and sit outside before it gets too damn hot. 

I had the egg white omelet w/ a side of turkey bacon. Yum Yum Yum. They boys got sunrise smoothies, and breakfast wraps which they devoured in no time. Probably cause they were hung over.  

Just watch out for for the long lines that can form, but it's worth the wait!
I went to Rachel's today on my way out of Las Vegas. I needed to stop at REI and then needed to get some food quickly before leaving town. The BF and I each got a sandwich, he had the chicken club and I had the 404. My sandwich was good, but not great. The ingredients were good; however, they let you choose your bread, I chose wheat thinking it would be a wheat roll of sorts....it was like sandwich bread from the grocery store and it did not hold the sandwich contents in and got soggy quickly. This was pretty disappointing. The BF liked his sandwich, but, again, did not like the bread. The sweet potato fries were kind of on the bland side. Also, the portions were huge and for a place that looks 'healthy' the portions were definitely not healthy. I thought it was just ok...I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again.
My husband and I love to brunch at Rachel's Kitchen on the weekends. Not only did they expand and have tons of seating now, but they also have an awesome outdoor seating area and live music on the weekends. It is a great little hang out place in the spring and fall when the weather is perfect. Now, on to the important stuff...

The blueberry pancakes are my personal favorite and they come with a side of fresh fruit. My current addiction is the Wilshire smoothie. Their smoothies are a bit runnier and more juice-like than other places, but they are still super tasty. They also have a great regular breakfast of eggs, toast, potatoes, and bacon. The potatoes seem to be oven roasted and aren't greasy at all. That's the thing I really love about Rachel's kitchen, everything is done with your health in mind. I have only had lunch here once and my sandwich was nothing special. The onion rings were delicious, but there were only about 3 or 4 of them, which was disappointing. 

This is a great place to relax and enjoy a meal that you won't feel guilty about later, so go grab a seat on the plaza and be serenaded while eating some delicious food!
Eaten breakfast twice now at the District location of Rachel's Kitchen.  As many note, there are several tables so you can dine al fresco.  Very nice, they are located near trees so you get some shade as well.  I imagine it wouldn't be comfortable at noon when it's over 100, but in the morning for breakfast it's great.

I've had the breakfast wrap and the protein scramble.  The wrap is a whole wheat wrap with bacon, eggs, cheese, and tomato.  I had them substitute the housemade salsa for tomato.  This was solid, but not spectacular.  The scramble on the other hand was excellent.  Spinach, bacon, chicken, with melted cheese.  Will definitely get this one again, the chicken and spinach are great together.

Breakfasts come with potatoes, which are diced and fried.  No seasoning, which is very annoying.  It's the weakest part of what otherwise is a very good meal.  I liberally use pepper and hot sauce on them.  You can substitute fruit for $1.25, which we did the second time we ate here.  Melon and pineapple mostly.  It's a good serving size.

The wife had the favorite scramble, which has a bunch of veggies and goat cheese.  I generally like anything with goat cheese, and this was no exception.  The sun dried tomatoes were really good in there.

The toast with homemade jam is a must.  Very good strawberry jam and good quality wheat toast.  It's a very solid breakfast for a good price in a nice location.  Hard to beat that...
Okay okay, I swear I'm not slightly skewed based on the name alone. Rachel's Kitchen is a wonderful casual and healthy place to grab a bite. I've been here numerous times for lunch and have always been pleased. Service is friendly and fast. They have a cute indoor area, but I adore their cafe seating outside. 
Everything is always fresh and dishes are thoughtful but very casual. I've had most of their salads and they are great. I also tried their grilled cheese and it totally fulfills your cheesy fix. 
I'm looking forward to trying them out for dinner some time. I also want to try some of their fresh fruit and veggie juices, possibly encourage me to do a cleanse.... for a day.
This quaint little place always seems to be busy.  Now I know why!  You'll find it in the middle of the District area.  They have plenty of seating inside with outside patio seating.  

The menu is filled with healthy sandwiches, wraps and salads.  Possibly more but I focused in on the salads.  I ordered the Chopped Salad Lite with Grilled Chicken.  Absolutely delicious!  The huge bowl was filled with so much that I actually couldn't finish it.  Usually I don't have a problem with that.  

The staff is very friendly and helpful.  This little treasure is going on my list of places to visit again soon!  

~ A friend of mine ordered some Sweet Potato Fries.  OH MY!  Some people find it weird that I don't even like sweet potatoes but the fries are a completely different flavor and ever so delightful!
I have been wanting to try this place for awhile and was excited that a friend of mine gave in to my suggestion to eat lunch here!

The menu has health food selections and even an additional area called the "lite side" for even a little lighter.  I ordered a Chicken Caesar Salad wrap without dressing and sweet potato fries.  They were very accommodating with my side request of no dressing.  The cashier was very helpful and cheery.  I love happy staff! 
Seating is plentiful as well, both indoor and outdoor.  As it was windy we chose to stay inside.  

The place was clean, very friendly with clientele and staff.  I would happily go back to try more items on the menu.
Very affordable breakfast. We ordered the Breakfast Wrap and Breakfast Burrito, $7 something each. The food is AVERAGE. 

The menu is very big, you will find something you like.

The juice selection is amazing, except they do not have orange juice (weird!).

We ordered a large watermelon juice $5 - SUPER AMAZING.
My favorite thing about this place is its focus on healthy eating. I had a delicious turkey burger and didn't feel an ounce of guilt about it. My burger even came with a side of onion rings. I got three large rings: just enough to cure the craving without eating my suggested daily calorie intake in onion rings. 

The menu was huge and there were lots of things I wanted to try. I'm so excited to go back and try one of the salads I saw being served to other customers. They looked delicious.
Definitely not in love with Rachel's Kitchen, but something keeps drawing me in. 

T: Too loud
H: Have earplugs. Holy fucknuts it's so loud in here.
R: Read the menu for calorie counts. Some of the meals are in a healthy range.
E: Eat the Chicken Curry Sandwich. It's in the awesome range.
E: Eat the pasta not the pancakes. I've tasted the pasta and it is light and has a great garlic flavor. My banana chocolate chip pancakes had craters where the bananas must have fallen out or stuck to the pan. FAIL.

S: Sit in the chairs and not the bench against the wall if you have short legs. 
T: Tasty beverages. I will give them that.
A: Awesome cucumber water. Nice touch Rachel's.
R: Ridiculously loud music. Did I say that already?
S: Sit outside when the weather permits so you will have more space and won't be sitting close enough to strangers to scope their chunky earwax. 

Even though I feel they are VERY three stars I will absolutely be back several times because shopping makes this hippo hungry.
Love that they serve breakfast all day and serve fresh juice. Food is always so tasty and fresh. Love eating on the patio.
The food here is really good but some of the staff is not very friendly/ seem like they don;t want to be at work. At Rachels, I don't expect workers to behave like they work at Taco Bell.
This is going to be my number one place to eat a healthy and wholesome breakfast in Henderson, NV,Rachel Kitchen is in The District which is a shopping center,there was a lot of work going on in the area,so it was like a maze getting her kitchen,you know you are there by the cute patio in front of the building,the place is not that large but a nice size to enjoy your meal,the staff was very friendly and helpful with our order,I had the french toast,with fruits and a side order of turkey becon and a cup of O/J,wife had pancakes with fruits,becon and a cup of watermelon juice,she said it was soooo good,the decor is pretty cool,there is one TV on the wall,I think there may be two restroom here,but I used the one of the left which the sign says male/ female only a stool ( so mens don't for get to lift and lower the lid) Oh they also have gluten free food,cleansing juice,protein and smoothies,burgers,warps,pasta,and salads,definitely recommend.
Breakfast burrito was light & tasty, not too heavy.  The Protein lovers breakfast was great, grilled chicken, spinach, cheese - very good
The service is good, the salads are decent. The free water is phenomenal! But seriously, I like the variety of salads they have. Too many to choose from.
Wasnt sure what to eat, but after checking out the menu we decided to try this place. It's located in the GVR shopping plaza.

Favorite thing is they offer breakfast all day...since its also my favorite meal of the day I knew we would workout.

One lame thing is the check in offer. The way it's worded is you get 50% off beer and wine. Turns out its only advertising for the deal they already have...aka happy hour m-f 4-6pm. 

I had the favorite. It's a scrabble with goat cheese and roasted tomatoes and avacado (my fav). Comes with a side of potatoes-9.75. Next time, I wanna try the acai bowl! -6.95

My husband got the meat lovers. It's cheesy with bits of bacon and chicken. He said he would get mine next time. 

We will be back, and trying different things
I was excited too finally check out one of the many locations for Rachel Kitchens. Really not just once but twice in the same day. Woot! Woot! I made little pre running stop looking for healthy smoothies or juice too kick start the day. They have pretty big selection comes too juices, smoothies, and goes on and on. I really enjoy the Hawaiian Bliss. All the drinks you can add protein powder for extra dollar either soy or whey. I added some whey loved it. Not sure all the ingredients just tasted light, refreshing with all the fresh fruit, and protein powder extra boast start running day. 

After the run came back for lunch with friend and running partner. Once again talk about  nice selection from salads, pastas, sandwiches, and more. I was feeling some pasta and carbs after morning run. So went with the Signature Pasta. It was good. The thing that stood out the most for me is the fact hearty till the bottom of the bowl. Not so much the chicken although too be fair nice amount of chicken in the bowl. The diced eggplant, other vegetables, and really nice tomato cream sauce that just right amount of sauce too pasta. The pasta never was drowning in sauce. Yet once get too the bottom of the bowl each bite still coated with the sauce. The portion size is GREAT! You do pay little extra maybe because everything more health conscious in mind. Everything tasted fresh, and getting healthy always good thing in life. Looking for healthy place too eat Rachel Kitchen sure is great spot! If not for all the construction going on in The District would say great place too sit on the patio out front, people watch, great meal, and great company great conversations good times. Now that I had my Rachel Kitchen fix look forward too checking out more of the menu. Best thing about multiple  locations one much closer too my side of town. Yay! 

The service and workers are fabulous. They great job of explaining the menu since it was my first time. We sat outside for lunch. Never felt neglected the whole time someone coming out checking on us making sure everything was great. Inside one of the best things with the high ceilings easy too have conversations. I like the colors interior nice relaxing, cozy, and feels like doing it healthy way.
Banana bread amazing, acai bowl fantastic!  It's one of the only healthy places to eat nearby work, so I'm At Rachel's at least twice a month. Breakfast burrito & veggie salad I would pass on, overall pretty consistent with good food, juice & full coffee bar.
This is one of my new favorite places for lunch. Rachel's Kitchen has a great menu of healthy and not so healthy items. Their lighter side menu is very filling and helpful for people who are watching their calories. They even offer gluten free bread! They don't just serve lunch,  they also have breakfast which is available all day long! 

I've been to Rachel's Kitchen three times now. So i'll start with what I had each time. 

First time I went I got a Veggie Wrap which comes with a mixed green salad and their own fat-free balsamic vinaigrette. This was off the lighter side menu and had 315 calories. I loved the grilled veggies on the wrap and the vinaigrette had the perfect amount of tang. 

The second time I went my husband came along. I ordered the Turkey club with turkey bacon instead of regular (It was awesome to have that choice!) on sourdough bread. With their sandwiches you have the option of ordering mixed green salad, french fries, sweet potato fries or onion rings! I went with the fries. I've had many, many turkey clubs, but this one has to be my all time favorite. It's not just a mash of sandwich! You can actually taste each layer as you bite into it!! The thick slices of swiss cheese were awesome! I also enjoyed the fries; they were very crisp and they serve them with a side of ketchup. My husband got the Sauteed Mushroom Burger.  It was very juicy and I loved that it came on a whole wheat bun. Again, the swiss cheese was thick and oozing! 

On my third visit I went with my Dad. Rachel's is just up the street from his office and being that he has been dieting I knew he would find something to his liking here! I ordered the Smoked Turkey and Avocado sandwich on sourdough with the mixed green salad on the side. Let me say I do love their house vinaigrette. (I must not be the only one that likes it cause I noticed they sell bottles of it at the counter.) My sandwich was piled high with turkey, avocado and that thick cut swiss!!! Yum! You also get a huge salad on the side. My Dad ordered the Grilled Vegetable salad. It was huge and he said very filling. It was on the lighter side menu and it was only 159 calories. 

I have to mention I also am loving their organic green tea! I might as well of hooked up an IV bag of it to my mouth! 

About the decor and ambiance: it was OK at best. It can get really loud at times and the bench seats are not very comfy. There is outdoor seating which will be really nice once they finish construction at the district.

Overall, I love Rachel's Kitchen and will for sure be back there! I totally want to try their smoothies and juices!
Went to Rachel's looking for a healthy fresh breakfast to start my day! That is exactly what I got! I ordered the breakfast burrito which was filled with fluffy eggs, cheese, diced tomatoes and avocado the burrito came with a side of diced fried potatoes (that were not greasy) and ketchup...very delish! I also ordered the watermelon juice and it was awesome! I would recommend this spot for sure. I heard they have amazing salads so I am definitely going back to try lunch!
Chicken salad sandwich had more apples than chicken-wasnt very appetizing. Service was ok, food mediocre at best.
I've been to Rachel's Kitchen twice and both times were very enjoyable. The first time I had the cobb Salad (several months ago, back when gluten and dairy were part of my diet) It was delicious. I ate it out on the patio and enjoyed the nice April weather. 

I ate here for a second time this weekend. I ordered the Angel Hair Bolognese with gluten free pasta. It is a homemade meat (beef only) sauce. It was really quite good. I also ordered the Malbec. I was pleasantly surprised to find that this place offered wine. This time I sat at a table in the back and I was happy to find that they had a outlet near my table, excellent for charging my always dead phone. 

So far both times I've come in alone... I think next time I'll bring my tablet and catch up on my book, rather than sit on FB/Yelp the whole time. ha.

I wish they had a few more gluten + dairy free choices... but I'm sure I'll be back soon.
The beginning of fall in Las Vegas really makes you want to eat outdoors.  Rachel's Kitchen in The District was a good pick for us while we were out and about.  We recently went vegan so choosing the right place to eat with a non-vegan in tow can be exhausting.  I asked one of the servers there on what options we can have and she showed me on the menu what we can have and what we can modify to suit our diet.  I ordered the Tomato & Basil Pasta, my partner had the Veggie Wrap, and mom had Pancakes with a side of bacon.  Can you tell who is the non-vegan here.  HAHA!  

Let me tell you, the pasta essentially can be divided into 3 or even 4 servings.  It was so good that I had to pace myself and had enough leftovers for 2 servings for lunch for me and the hubby the next day!  The Veggie Wrap was good also.  Obviously I couldn't partake on the pancakes & bacon, but from moms' reaction, they were both good.  The pancakes were nice and fluffy and the bacon was crispy.  

Rachel's Kitchens' customer service is awesome.  Not only do their servers know what they are selling, the constant walk through by them outside kept us hydrated and our plates cleaned once we were done eating.  

I highly recommend this place for good eats, good drinks, and if you love people watching, their patio is the best place for it!
I ordered half sald but it was still big.  My daughter had tomato soup, it was excellent.  To order food at the counter, all staff are friendly and nice.  We loved there.
It's sucks to give a three star - but I'm giving it for the food I had today at this particular location.  I ordered the Aca bowl and the French toast.  

The Aca bowl was more like a granola bowl - there was very little Aca on top.  I've had this at a few other places and usually the granola is sprinkled on top - not a load full on the bottom of the bowl.  It was delicious that the banana was blended in with the Aca, but then made it more room temperature.  :/  maybe I'll request not to be blended in next time ?

As for the French toast - the second I glanced at the dish I was confused.  "Was this a baguette sliced up and dipped in egg?"  Then I gave it a try anyways to see how it'll taste ... Not impressed :( I guess I like it the original way - with just a slice of white bread.  

I guess next time till just stick to what I know is delicious - their sandwiches and wraps !!
Was here for lunch. Kitchen lost our order, waited 30 minutes for food...  My kids were kicking each other with restlessness by the time it arrived. Got a quick apology upon delivery of food at the table, then nobody came around afterward. I regret tipping upfront. Felt really ignored.  2 thumbs down for today's service, they're normally better.
I was staying at Green Valley Ranch and desperately in need of some good coffee (Starbucks actually opened there two days before I left). I happened on Rachel's Kitchen, and I found some quality coffee along with more upscale accompaniments like soy and almond milks. I chose the breakfast burrito with bacon and eggs, but there were many more vegetarian and innovative options as well for breakfast. While I found the prices slightly pricey, this is a unique stand out in an area with chains and fast food.
Rachael's is a wonderful place to meet a friend for lunch or an afternoon glass of wine.  Most of the year, it is very enjoyable to sit outside and enjoy The District, although since they added the street down the middle where you can drive and park, I am not sure how that has affected the ambiance of sitting outside.  They have lots of healthy and delicious choices on the menu and I always feel good about the food I eat when I am here.

One of my favorites is their thai chicken salad.
This restaurant is in the Distrist plaza.  It's very clean, green decor, with outside seating available.  You go up to the counter and order first.  The menu next to the register has all of the details compared to the the large one above.  They make fresh juice!   I ordered the Popeye it had a strong taste of beets but tasted good overall. I chose the grilled cheese with onion rings.  They bring your order to the table.  The grilled cheese had tomato in it. The asiago in it mmm!!! It was perfect... Buttery toast with just enough crunch to the outside.  Delicious mix of cheese. The onion rings are thick and crunchy.  SO GOOD!  Only thing, they only give you 3 of them. I could eat a basket!  I'm craving it again already!
Love this place. We come here every time my mom visits. Recommend the protein scramble, veggie burger and quinoa pasta dishes. Good wine at a reasonable price and $3 mimosas on Sundays, yay! Love the location and the staff is great.
We've been frequenting Rachel's Kitchen for quite some time now--even before the expansion & remodel . We mainly go there for breakfast at least a couple times a month on Saturdays and it's always enjoyable.  The kitchen staff knows our order and that I often substitute Gruyere cheese for the Swiss in my breakfast wrap as well as opting for fruit instead of home fries.  I also love their bacon Gruyere muffins- they are so delicious! The owner often stops by and chats with us and everyone makes us feel so welcome. It's really a great place to relax and enjoy a meal--you can sit inside or outside and people watch while sipping a smoothie, indulging in some muffins or their yummy variety comfort foods.
Been back many times since the original review. The expansion is great, so glad to have more space. The food is still amazeballs. Ended up speaking with the owner by chance who was taking our order (when does that ever happen these days?!!). Talked at length about his place and how they have big plans with The District (farmers markets!). Very cool guy. Now if only we could do something about the dang kids running around all the time and the draft that comes through the front door (find a seat inside to the right to avoid it btw)

Oh and how could I forget... $3 Mimosas on Sunday!!!!
This place definitely has awesome food. Everything tastes so fresh and they have decent portion sizes as well.

I had a fresh juice, Sweet Greens, and it was pretty delicious! I also had the turkey avocado sandwich which was amazing! My fianc had the turkey wrap, my dad the chicken curry sandwich and my mom the chicken salad sandwich. Everyone loved their food and I can see us returning in the future! It was a great place to have lunch!

The only downside is that they don't have their drinks on the menu except for the wines and beers. We ended up getting bottled water because it was in the case and didn't think they had anything else to drink and didn't bother asking since it wasn't on the menu. Turns out they have teas and I believe lemonade and coffee. It would have been helpful if they put all of their offerings on the menu.
I ate here a long time ago meeting a couple of friends for brunch.  My sandwich was dry and tasteless and barely edible and my potatoes were cold.  I was underwhelmed for the price and avoid going back.  I just didn't get it except for a lazy, convenient place to meet and eat outside.  Location is the only appeal about this place.  I am not sure why people consistently say they like this place.  I think I also ate here another time when they first opened.
Half price mimosas on sundays, you can't go wrong. David had the delicious garden pasta, and i had an awesome omelet. There was live music as well, and plenty of outdoor seating for us and sammie:-)
The outdoor seating is perfect for people watching.  It's healthy, casual, and one cannot go wrong with the $3 mimosas all day Sunday.  All the REI customers in the District stop in here.  It's like eating at Whole Foods without paying for the food per pound.  You definitely get more bang for your buck. Their smoothies are addictive and the spinach salad hits the spot.  And if you ask me,  the pineapple bread is also a must.
Good portion size so you may want to share. Breakfast all day. Home style food which is fresh & healthy. Catering available as well. Close to Green Valley Casino if you've had enough of buffets. Wraps, burgers, pastas, smoothies, beer, champagne, mimosas, fresh squeezed juice , sandwiches, salads, & soups what else could you ask for.
Disappointing!!

My wife and I ordered some burgers today. During check out the guy behind the register was super awkward almost like he got a crush on me or my wife. Anyhow. We ordered some burgers cooked medium. 

After finding a table outside we received our food. First they came with the wrong sides but that was an easy fix. The burger was over cooked (well done) almost dry. The bread was blackened on the bottom bun and the whole thing didn't have flavor. I would have taken the food back and had them make it again but I had to go to work.

The only reason I gave two stars is cuz you can tell the quality they use on there food is good. Now they just need to learn how to make decent food.
This place is great the food is always fresh and I love to sit outside when the weather is nice. I thought I would not like the new district with the parking but it was not as bad as I thought. Go for lunch or brunch you are sure to enjoy this place
wow, an amazing lunch, I had a chicken wrap and sweet potato fries, so good, and staff was very friendly.
Great selection of healthy choices. Love that they have juice and pretty good options for gluten free. Love the new set up too
So frustrated with this trip... I ordered online.  It said the soonest to pickup was in 30 minutes,  but luckily I knew from the last time the food will be ready in 10-15 and just sit there. It took me 15 minutes to get there and sure enough... my food was sitting. I waited about 5 minutes to pay and when I paid I noticed the price was $3 more than what the online order said. I asked and the guy didn't have a clue. I just said ok and paid. .. well I got home and obviously there was a reason the price was different.  It wasn't what I ordered. I took it back and stood waiting to be acknowledged.  Finally a nice lady helped me and she seemed more concerned with figuring out why the order was wrong than getting the right order made. She had them remake the entire order. When they handed me the correct order she asked if I paid more or less. I said more, but only like $3 and not to worry about it.. (not to mention I gave a $5 tip on $25 order the first time I picked it up). She said ok. I guess it's my fault for saying it was alright and assuming they'd insist to give me the difference back because of the principle.
The food is good, people make mistakes and they somewhat fixed it,  but the customer service just isn't there. They need to fix the ordering site to say as soon as possible so the customer knows to just head there and if they have to wait a bit, that's acceptable.  Better than having a grilled cheese sit for 20 minutes because their site said it wouldn't be ready for 30 min. ..
May give it another shot, but the last 2 times have been disappointing.
I brought my mom yesterday morning with my dog to eat at Rachel's Kitchen at The District. Maybe because it was a combination amazing weather and ambiance at the restaurant, I thought this place is definitely worth updating on. 

I ordered the Grilled Vegetable & Chicken Salad with the Turkey Avocado w/Bacon Sandwich to share. The chicken was thinly cut and grilled with the perfect charred taste. My mom and I enjoyed the other grilled vegetables like the bell peppers and zucchini that came with the salad, it was really refreshing! When I ordered the sandwich, the cashier asked if I wanted 2 or 3 pieces of sourdough bread and of course being so hungry i asked for 3. The bacon slices they used were actually the thick kind, not the really thin flabby strips that you find at other sandwich stores. We sat outside with our dog and enjoyed our food with the perfect weather. 

I am really impressed how much has improved at The District, the additional parking in front of the store, additional seating, and cleanliness really makes this place such an enjoyable place. Few differences that would make me choose to eat at Rachel's Kitchen rather than Panera Bread is the friendliness of the staff, freshness of the food especially the salad, and being able to see the shops and people walk around while you are eating. Also I wanted to note is that the staff is friendlier and the wait time for your food was faster (yes it was busy) compared to the other Rachel's Kitchen locations.

Great job Rachel's Kitchen staff :)
Good eats, but slightly overpriced. Nice wine/beer options. Summer patio option is a plus! I've had their wraps and salads. Healthy, fresh, easy.
I love the food here and love the atmosphere as well. This place is on the district and feels like a little community when you sit outside. I love how this place has healthy food and the food is so delicious. I love coming here and sitting outside with my boyfriend and enjoy the weather while we eat pasta or salads or whatever we will be getting that night. I truly love coming here and getting the food. I would 100 percent recommend this place to everyone to try. I love how they redid the district and now it feels like a little village.
I go in to Rachel's kitchen all the time and order the grilled cheese. Not once have my mom and I gone there where they didn't screw up our order!! We always ask for no tomatoes yet one of the sandwiches seems to get tomatoes on them. It's so ridiculous considering we specifically ask them. Another thing I've noticed is the staff seems to not enjoy there job. If u don't want to be there then don't work there, but please don't walk around with a attitude. 
Overall the food is delicious, it's the customer service that isn't so great.
A couple days ago I went to Rachel's kitchen for the first time. It was very busy and they had music on the patio with a beautiful arrangement to sit down at.  I ordered a protein shake because I was in a hurry. The protein shake came with peanut buttercups, chocolate milk and bananas with peanut utter and non fat yogurt. I asked for soy or almond milk, no peanut butter cups and add strawberries. They did just that. However they neglected to inform me that they have no sugar added so the sweetness was from the peanut buttercups/chocolate milk and when I would receive my drink it would be bland. 

After waiting 15 minutes for a protein shake I received mine blended to perfection. I tasted it and it was indeed what I mentioned previously (bland) .
I came to the conclusion myself about the chocolate milk in my computer buttercups for sweetness. Considering i.e. healthy and organic I didn't complain because the lack of sugar is good for me. However for others that go to this kind of restaurant the staff should be a little more explanatory  when discussing the ingredients in their smoothies so that other people don't get a Blance movie and then the complaining.

The menu had an awesome variety of pastas, wraps and sandwiches as well as breakfast bowls and entres! All things considering it was a great ambience a very clean restaurant and I would definitely try it again.
Great place, with a relaxed environment. It's a go to lunch spot. Their Tomato Basil Pasta and Watermelon Juice is a must!
Located inside the District at Green Valley Ranch.. Rachel's Kitchen has never disappointed me!

Small, up-to-date, cute restaurant. Friendly staff and good service!

They have breakfast and lunch items to choose from! Wraps, sandwiches, pastas, salads, etc. My favorite items have to be their pastas -- either Signature or Garden Pasta, substituted with their gluten-free quinoa pasta! Very tasty, healthy food!

Suggested for your reps to bring this in the office for lunch meetings and such!
Went today with a coworker for lunch. A lot of things sounded great, but the prices thru me off. I ended up getting a turkey avocado sandwich on sourdough with onion rings. The sourdough was not sour at all. It was like stale, thick cut white bread. The veggies were good and fresh, chipotle mayo was tasty, the meat was like cheap deli meat from the grocery store. For $10, I would have expected better meat and bread. I could have made a better sandwich at home. The onion rings were crispy and not greasy. My coworker had the turkey club with french fries. She also ordered it on sourdough and was disappointed in the bread and meat. She said it was the worst bacon she had ever tasted. How do you mess up bacon?! She said it tasted metallic. The fries were completely bland. No seasoning, not even a small sprinkle of salt. I would return to try something else if it wasn't so damn expensive. For $10 I can get better food, with a drink at Panera around the corner.
Hi first off this review is based off customer service not the food.. Food is amazing. I  am a regular at Rachael's. Today however I made my order the server was extremely rude to me, short and nasty I was very offended that she treated me this way and treated every other customer as gold.. Why did she treat me this way I have no Idea.. Isnt my money as good as the next? Lady quit discriminating and get an attitude check!
What an easy breezy adorable little cafe! We have only tried breakfast but will soon return for dinner and happy hour that is 4-6 pm. I would highly recommend this place to any one! PET FRIENDLY on the patio! They even have a water dish out for your fur friends. You can bring the whole family!
I went here on Father's Day and the food was terrible. The eggs were so dry, they crumbled and fell apart when I tried to pick them up with my fork. The potatoes were cold and soggy too. The only reason I have them two stars is because I went there a few months ago and the grilled cheese was decent.
Sweet and comfortable spot with a nice atmosphere. Their menu has a great selection of healthy options ranging from all-day breakfast to signature dishes and smoothies. The food we ordered was delicious and I would happily return to eat here again. Good place to stop in and enjoy some food, especially on a hot summer day!
We love Rachel's!!! Quality food for people that care about their health. Gluten free menu is plentiful with options. They have gluten free pastas. Fresh juices made to order. When we are in Vegas this is a must for us!!! Give them a try.
I absolutely love this place. The atmosphere is very fresh and vibrant. The food is amazing. The restaurant itself is very healthy, so you will find healthy and filling meals. They have everything from freshly pressed juices, smoothies, yogurt parfaits, sandwiches, wraps, pastas, breakfast - anything you feel like eating, you can find it here and it will be a healthy alternative! They only use natural and hormone-free chicken breast which I personally love. My favorites on the menu are the 440 sandwich, the fettuccine Alfredo and their salads (can't go wrong with anything you order though.) This place will not disappoint! I will continue to bring friends and family. Service is prompt as well! Even if they are slammed, it doesn't take me more than 15 mins to get my meal. Also, I have to shout out the owner - he is a doll! Stay cool and keep smiling! (Much love from the Costco girl! :)
I recently met a friend here supposedly for coffee, but the food menu looked so good we ended up staying for an hour and a half munching our way through the various tasty treats on offer!

As the name suggests, the food here is largely Turkish. There is a huge selection of wraps/sandwiches and also soup on offer, but we opted for the Mezze platter to share (7.95) and definitely weren't disappointed. It came piled high with fresh humus, roast peppers, marinated olives, tangy feta cheese, stuffed vine leaves, artichokes, tzatziki to name a few... The flatbreads used to mop it all up had to come on a separate plate!


The range of flavours really was delicious; I love this type of turkish/mediterranean food and if you eat here you'll see why. My only word of warning would be it very much depends on who you're with - this type of lunch isn't exactly one you can eat neatly with a knife and fork!

We had trouble choosing from the wide selection of herbal teas available, but eventually went for the spiced apple which I'd highly recommend. The coffee was tasty but I'd stay away if you're planning on sleeping in the next 24 hours... it's definitely on the strong side!

My only criticism would be that a lot of the cakes/desserts on display weren't home-made. That said, whether or not the baklava was home-made or bought in I don't know, but it's definitely worth tucking into after your mezze.
While I can see that other reviews of this place have loved it and given a high number of stars to prove it, I have to tell you that I am not one of them. I had an awful experience here, and all the five star reviews in the world really wouldnt do much to persuade me to come back.

The Cafe was empty when me and my girlfriend arrived, which for a sunny saturday afternoon was somewhat odd. As we entered, the members of staff who were clearly using the cafe as a private members club for themselves instantly threw us cold looks, as though we had no right to be there and then dissapeared out of view for the next five minutes. At this point, my girlfriend and I wanted to leave, because without saying a thing the staff had been rude beyond belief.

When the staff did reappear, they did thier best to ignore us as they took our order of what I felt to be over priced Turkish food. When it did arrive it was slammed down onto the table, and regrettably wasnt even very nice at all. Further more, the fruit smoothy that I had ordered was worryingly thick and disgusting, and I took no more than a few sips before I left it. We paid and left within 20 mins of entering, with half our food untouched.

Looking at the previous reviews, I can understand that we may have just entered on a bad day where all the staff were ill or something, but really, it should have been better than that.
Deciding to have a quick post exam snack, I spotted Cafe Turquaz as it was one of the few places I haven't tried on Nicolson st. I eyed a tasty slab of apple pie and ordered a coffee. 

This, I admit, is not especially Turkish but was nonetheless ok.  Coming with squirty cream (which I find a little tacky) and a spoon  I swiftly lapped it up. The coffee was average too and the saving grace was my lucky snag of the big comfy sofa immediately found upon entrance.

Reading from other reviews the Turkish food sounds pretty good, I'll stick with that next time.
A great place for a quick cup of tea but not if your looking for a meal. I grabbed the most disappointing and pathetic looking bagel of my life out of here, 3.65 for something the size of a cheerio!

The cake that followed was superb though, a lovely rich chocolate slice! The coffee is ok, just ok.
Located on busy Nicholson street is this little Turkish cafe.

I went into Cafe Turquaz with a friend and ended up just having coffee and cake. Despite what the other reviewers found, the quality seemed to be fine. The staff weren't the chattiest but were not unpleasant either. The prices were average. I have yet to try their more substantial food. It looked appetising however.

Admittedly Cafe Turquaz has a hard time competing with the many established and high quality cafe and restaurants on Nicholson St. It seems to be holding its own.
I have always loved this place, not least for its sense of tranquility (no music playing) and a good escape from the madness of Nicolson Street.
While the decor is not amazing, the frontage is smart and nicely painted; there are just enough quirky touches to lift it above bland and it always feels very clean.
As  a BIG fan of Turkish food, the delicious mezze selection is a hit; and the Turkish breakfast is always goes down well (note to owner - it used to come with 2 fried eggs!)
A daily cafe newspaper available would also be a good touch ...
They also seem to have increased their range of Turkish baklava and cakes although the standard cafe carrot cakes makes an appearance

Note - I have always found the service incredibly efficient and never unfriendly.

Update March 2012 - looks like new owners/managers have taken over, though keeping the same formula - they are delightful! They are now pitching it as an evening venue too - good idea but to make it work they really need to thing about some candles/mood lighting for the day to evening transition ...
This place has been taken over by, as I understand, relatives of the previous owner and is still delivering the same format. They are opening well into the evening now and I feel it would be a decent place to grab a quick evening meal - BUT - I totally feel they need to sort out their evening lighting ... light a few candles or dim all the lights a bit.
Great place though!
Chocolate covered marsh-mellow fluff in my face. I love this place!

The staff has been very friendly on my visit, and more importantly, they served a proper Turkish coffee, in a proper Turkish manner. Which is with the little coffee-pot they use to make a cup, and a covered cup. 

The food was lovely, and the staff was friendly to a point beyond believe. They had seen us eyeing the window-booth (well, me, mainly) and as soon as it was empty they offered to re-seat us in the middle of our meal over at the window. Within minutes me and my girly-date where snug-as-a-bug all boothed up and happy.
I could've sat there for ages just watching people pass by, or as we say in Dutch "aapjes kijken" which translates to "little monkey watching", (the rudeness of the term only being offset by the funness of the activity).

I left a very content Lou, pondering if I should come back with a book, a group of friends, a date, or just all of the above. But come back I will!
after a rather chilly cup of tea at looking glass books, Lou V. and I made our way over to this little turkish cafe to have some lunch in what we hoped would be a warmer location.  the misty rain and wind added to our cold but thankfully when we opened the door to this cafe we were welcomed with a rush of cosy warm air and a very friendly waitress that placed us at a table with menus.

a rather quick look at the drinks portion of the menu and i immediately opted for a turkish apple tea!!  oh i so love this beverage, it's such a fruity and apple-y cup of comfort that seems to only ever be available in tiny turkish cafes even though it's just a blend of tea placed in a normal tea bag.  why is this not sold in any shops????  Lou went for the turkish coffee option that was very expertly poured from a height into a tiny little cup (almost a thimble) that then had a little silver cover placed on top to keep it warm.  she very kindly allowed me to try a sip and i was pleasantely surprised by how nice this coffee was.  it was very strong, but in turkish style it was also nicely sweetened to take the edge off.  i may have to come back and order this for myself!

we both ordered the falafel plate for our lunch which came shortly after our drinks.  this was a massive plate totally filled with food but not to the point that it was unappetising.  there was a good portion of hummus toped with an olive in the middle, along that sat three tasty falafels, salad with a scrummy yogurt dressing, some roasted veggies, and a nicely shaped cylinder of couscous.  adorning the edges of the plate was a freshly toasted pita bread cut into four pieces.

lovely display and just as lovely tasting food.  the olives had been marinated so had a little chilli kick that i didn't expect, but the yogurt dressing on the salad helped to take the burn away.  in fact i wish i'd had more of the dressing as it was a very tasty topping for the falafels.  i also wish there had been a little bit more salad although the portion was probably balanced with the roasted veggies that were included.  i enjoyed dipping my pita bread into the hummus which was tasty but could have been just a tiny bit more garlicy, i also found the falafels to be tasty but just a tiny bit dry.  all in all though i really enjoyed my plate and felt it was only small things that could easily be remedied.

the service here is quick and effecient and it's so so so blissfuly warm inside this cafe!!  i really appreciated that after the cold shop i'd sat in before and was extra grateful when the waitress made a quick move to shut the front door after some obnxious customers left it open when they exited.  ugh why do people do that??? so rude... thank you to the waitress who fixed this so quickly i didn't even have time to get a annoyed comment out!

the only drawback to this place is it's near the university and not in a part of town i frequent.  but if i found myself back in newington, i'd happily pop in to try a turkish coffee and savour the warmth in cold winter months.
We had a bite to eat here between shows at the Fringe. The cafe is kind of small, and the waitress initially set us up at an awkward table in the middle of the aisle, but then moved us to a normal table once it opened up. We ordered a dish to share with hummus, falafel, and grilled vegetables which was good-a little lacking in flavor but still edible. We also ordered the apple tea which was tasty. I've had better Turkish/Mediterranean food elsewhere, but the service was quick and our waitress was pleasant.
Decent Turkish food place in the city centre. We ordered some vegetarian platters and the hummus was great as was some of the small bits. In general the food lacked the flavour and seasoning that makes Turkish food mount wateringly delectable.

The Turkish coffee was fabulous and the Baklava for dessert was excellent :-) I would come back here again if I am craving for food but their service and flavoring does need a bit of a face lift to get this place humming. 

The staff were very accommodating however they just did not come by to check on you unless you asked. It's not expensive so I suppose I should not expect a lot however I do believe a change might lead to a world of good for this place and make it super popular. 

If you find yourself in Edinburgh city centre and craving for Turkish food besides a doner kebab then this place is not a bad bet.
Stopped here for a wee cup of tea and a bit of time to read my book. Did the job nicely. Standard brew, tea bag, decent pot. Not much else to report really. I liked the ambience of the place, nice and relaxed. But nothing really special on first visit. 

Would be happy to visit again and sample some of the Turkish delights they have on offer.
We came to Cafe Turquaz tonight for book group because we were looking for a good spot with teas, coffees, and food in this area. The staff were friendly and accommodating of our large group that kept expanding. I think that they excel in Turkish coffee and teas, but they fall down a bit in terms of the food. The baklava I had didn't seem the freshest or most tasty, but the nachos that others had looked completely underwhelming and left a bit to be desired. The cafe seems to have somewhat Turkish decor and furniture, but it's not too warm or comfy. It'll do for a Turkish coffee I think, but I'd rather go other places in town next time.
Having once had a nice piece of cake in Cafe Turquaz, I was looking forward to returning tonight.

We were not an easy group; they had very kindly reserved us some space at the back of the long, narrow seating area but as we expanded in number we became harder and harder to fit in. Eventually the very friendly staff member suggested a lengthways rearrangement of the tables, which did the trick very nicely. It was really kind of them to accommodate our hassle!

It's a sweet little spot, quite dark (as I remembered) and with teeny weeny Turkish rugs the size of mouse mats on the walls. Cute! But unfortunately there's no real getting around a few issues.

The chap didn't seem to really know anything about gluten- free and it took poor Claire L a bit of word wrangling to work out what exactly she was ordering and whether it would suit. He wasn't forthcoming on volunteering a full description of the dish so it took a while. I think he was mostly just confused and caught off guard by an unexpected question.

I was excited by the offer of "steamed milk with a flavour", which has to be the nicest little thing I read on a menu. So nicely put! I opted for the honey one, but I'd really like to try it again because I was bemused by what tasted like basically just milk until I found all of the honey sitting at the bottom. I suppose it was my fault for not stirring it but steamed milk is so yummy and frothy I hadn't wanted to deflate it.

The food looked a little lacklustre and disappointing but I do remember having enjoyed the cake on my first visit, and the Turkish Delight this time was really nice, so I think I'll have to go back and try a third time. I suspect that their strengths lie in the sweet things. I'll update when I've been back and I imagine I shall add a star with the caveat that you come for the sweet side of the menu!
A wee bunch of Yelpers were here last night for Book Group. We had a little selection of nachos, turkish coffees and teas and turkish delight. The guys inside were really accomadating and happy to help us shift tables and chairs around to fit all of us in, and I swear they were smiling the whole time, really nice guys.

I've walked past this wee caf countless times as it's in my neck of the woods, and it is perhaps in need of a little redecorating or just "sprucing up". There's a whole lot of cafs on Nicholson Street, and this one just never seems to lure me in. That said, the guys were really friendly, the tea was strong, and the cakes looked tasty! Definitely a homely wee place.
Came here for book group and they did well to accommodate our expanding table and sorting our order.

Service was friendly so no complaints there. Not great for gluten free and I think our server wasn't sure either so I was crossing my fingers and hoping for the best when ordering my chicken nachos.

The nachos looked a bit bare. The chicken was pre-packed and cut up so no sauce or seasoning issues. The corn chips were fine. The guacamole was bought in but the salsa was more like a red pepper sauce and it didn't taste the best.

So Cafe Turquaz didn't wow me. There are probably good options for others but not for gluten free me...
It was a misty Sunday and my friend and I were desperately looking for a place to have lunch taking a break from studying. 
Our favorite snack places around campus were all closed so we took a little stroll to Nicholson Street and got stranded at Caf Turquaz.

I've walked by this place but was never particularly attracted but taking a closer look it did look welcoming and having no alternatives at hands we entered the caf.

Now, I am prejudiced towards Turkish food and coffee ... which means I was looking forward to it :) 
and we were not let down. Its a nice little place which could be a bit prettier but makes the most out of it's situation on Nicholson St, we sat in the far back and could forget about the busy street.

The food was just what we had been looking for, we had lamb shish kebab and a vegetarian moussaka. So it seems to be a good place for vegetarians, too.
I was sort of hoping the tea we ordered would come in traditional Turkish style in small glasses but it was the European pot and cup. But that was the only downer, really.

We'll definitely return for another lunch and this time not out of lack of other options :)
This place is great at any time of the day, when you need to grab something out and about. It's only just opened too, so if you're sick of going to the same caf all the time then you should give this one a go.

There's no denying that there are far too many sandwich/wrap/panini-esque places to choose from in this part of Edinburgh, but the reason I like this one so much is because of the huge variety of fillings. And they're all really fresh rather than a lot of those bought-in sandwich fillers that so many places use. Also, they make all their smoothies from scratch too, with proper chunks of fresh fruit... the mango/banana/pineapple yogurt smoothie comes highly recommended!

It's really cheap too. A sandwich with any of their filling combinations (smoked salmon and cream cheese is always a winner, but the chikcen piri piri is also realy good!) will set you back as little as 2.35! 

You can't really go wrong at that price!
It doesn't look much from the exterior, and the fact that the tables were all covered in the detritus from previous customers ensured that as my panini was grilling away I feared the worst, but I'm glad to say I left Brunch pretty satisfied.

It's not the most atmospheric of lunchspots, feeling a little thrown together if anything, and don't expect anything on the menu that you haven't seen 100 times before. However, the fresh tasting, well stuffed and crispy panini I got my grubby mitts on highlights that Brunch know how to deliver the goods where it counts.

3.50 for a chicken peri-peri panini with jalapenos seemed pretty reasonable to me as well, I just hope they clean the tables next time, rather than take the en masse fag break I witnessed.
Brunch is a fairly inoffensive cafe to dine in if you're looking for a quick lunchtime bite. It isn't the largest so can quickly become rather overcrowded but to be honest, everywhere is the same at lunchtime. It's in a good location and the prices are very reasonable too. 

They offer teas, coffees, a good selection of rolls, sandwiches and bagels and the cake section isn't too bad either. 

The best thing about Brunch are the big comfy armchairs and once you've been sat for five minutes, you won't feel like getting up.
Brunch is a pretty decent cafe to eat at. Situated just across the road from the main University campus, George Square, Brunch is a really convenient place for students to go for a snack or for lunch. It is also just a short walk from the city centre and so it is an easy place to reach. 

Brunch is a sandwich and coffee shop and makes their own sandwiches fresh everyday. They also serve bagels, pastries, and home made cakes. I love to come into Brunch and get their home made brownie as it is always really fluffy and moist with big chunks of chocolate - yum! Brunch serves a whole range of different teas and coffees which you are able to sit in or take away. They make smoothies too which are really gorgeous and fresh, and priced pretty reasonably at about four pounds. 

Brunch has a decent sized seating area inside, with lovely comfy couches and armchairs which are always very inviting! A lovely place to go for lunch or for an afternoon snack.
Brunch is a great cafe on South Bridge which offers a tasty a filling lunch for a more than reasonable price.  I've been here a few times since it opened just recently and I've never left disappointed.  The staff are always friendly and know exactly where everthing on the menu has come from. 
The highlght of Brunch has to be their fresh and large range of sandwich fillings.  Further, their bread is always delicious and soft.  I usually go for a baguette with chicken mayonnaise and salad which only costs about 2.50.  They're certainly not stingy with their portion sizes and a sandwich from here is more than sufficient for tasty and filling lunch.
There are a lot of sandwich shops on this one stretch of street in Edinburgh, and a lot of really good sandwich shops at that.


Beetle juice is frankly, not one of them. Yes, the food is alright - there is a choice of sandwiches, panninis, bagels and other foods such as nachos and burgers later on in the evenings  - but its all just a bit non-descript. It's alright. Its fine. The food is tasty, but not something reeeally enjoyable like some of the other sandwich bars in the area.

The shop itself is a small and simple affair, with a counter and a chiller cabinet and next to nothing else.

On the positive side though, the staff are friendly and quick, and its very rare you will get a queue here - plus the food is enjoyable if you give it a chance.
I might be a bit biased towards Beetlejuice, as it's named after one of my favourite films which is also the first one I can remember watching, but I really quite enjoyed it.

Bearing in mind I just had a latte and a slice of carrot cake, I wasn't really giving them much chance to mess my order up. Sat by the window with a paper and a view out onto one of my favourite streets, I didn't really care.
It's hard to find too much to get excited about when it comes to Beetlejuice. It's a sandwich shop, just like pretty much all the other places along this tiny cobbled street, and yet throughout all my time at uni I couldn probably count on one hand the number of times I've eaten here.

It's not that there's anything wrong with it, especially. It's just a bit dull and boring. There's hardly ever a queue here, so if Picnic Basket is too busy and there are no tables left in Susie's Wholefood Diner I'd go here if I needed lunch in a hurry. But at the same time you have to ask why there's never a queue - especially when all the other places along the street have one.
Beetlejuice is great for a quick bite to eat and they have a great selection of sandwiches and paninis to choose from, it certainly beats getting a sandwich from Greggs any day and I love little independent cafes like this. It's received a pretty average score on Yelp and I agree with other reviewers who have also noticed that there isn't usually a queue for Beetlejuice. To be honest, I find this strange as it's a great little place, okay it may not be the largest in the area and it's not exactly mind blowing but as long as you're not expecting a Fanfare then I'm sure you will be pleasantly surprised by Beetlejuice and I think it's small size adds to the cosy atmosphere.

I popped in here a few weeks ago for a bagel and it was delicious, so no complaints from me, I guess I'm a fan, Beetlejuice - even though I really don't like the film of the same name!
What attracted me to this shop was the name: the movie Beetlejuice actually had given me nightmares as a kid (I had a vivid imagination). 

However, this isn't a scary shop- it's just a sandwich bar with a funky exterior. But other than the funky exterior it doesn't offer anything really that different than the other independent sandwich shops on this street: reasonable lunch deals and good sandwiches for a quick bite.
Can't really add anything else to the picture, it just is that plain. The smoothies though are fantastic, worth waiting in epic morning line. The combos are a little strange but feel free to ask for what you want in it. Banana and Apple is a great wakeup tool. Keep you head down and don't ask the suits about their life. Good bacon rolls too.
This little cafe is just off the Edinburgh University area of George Square. It's one of the many brightly coloured outlets on West Nicolson Street, and the whole vibe seems to be about relaxation! When I went in to the store, the music was quite cheerful and there're some amusing tid bits on the walls!

One one side, lots of posters, post cards and even a hawain shirt are crammed together, giving the place a more personal feeling. There's also a calendar behind the counter of some buff  guys professing the importance of surf boards over underwear! 

They're really decently priced, and serve the most delicious rolls, as well as salads,smoothies and juices, all freshly made! I had a Pink Panther smoothie when I was there ( I can't say the name wasn't a 
deciding factor) which tasted reallll good.
Beetlejuice is a relatively new addition onto the sandwich scene in Edinburgh. It was only fairly recently that I first came here for my lunch and I realised what I was missing. Beetlejuice is situated just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square, so it is a convenient place for students to go to for their lunch. 

Beetlejuice is relatively small inside, but they sell the most delicious home made lunches and they offer a wide selection of sandwiches fillings in the deli counter at the back of the shop, with a lot of non-meat options so it is a great place for vegetarians as they will have lots of choice. 

They also serve a wide range of really delicious smoothies and freshly squeezed juices, as well as home made soups. I ordered the carrot and coriander soup for my lunch which was tasted really fresh and full and flavour - yum! The food is perhaps a wee bit more expensive than the other sandwich shops in the area, but the food is truly beautiful so it is worth it!
Przycigngna mnie do tego miejsca lecca z gonikw na zewntrz Bjork oraz jego kolorowy-hawajski wygld. Postanowiam wic sprawdzi, czy zachcajcy pocztek bdzie mia smakowity koniec. Maj bogaty wybr kanapek, panini, smoothies, shake'w i wieo wyciskanych sokw, plus mona si tu rwnie rozezna w lokalnych wydarzeniach typu joga, pilates, itp. Niestety bum  rozczarowanie. Pani za lad nie umiechna si ani razu, kompletny brak entuzjazmu i zaserwowaa mi herbat w brudnym kubku. Kanapka bya smaczna, ale bez szalestwa. Siedzc przy stoliku zauwayam wiszc na cianie notk, skierowan do klientw o tym, e w porze lunchu musz opuci lokal jak tylko skocz posiek. Dodatkowo, aby mc zosta w barze, wymagane jest wydanie konkretnej sumy (jeli si nie my 4 funtw). Raczej ju tam nie wrc
Oooooooh. 

That was my reaction upon first entering Beetlejuice. Ooooooh. 

Granted, I was very hungry, so usually my first reaction when I smell food is "Ooh" but never quite with that many "ooos" involved. See, this place deserves a little bit extra attention from passerby's as I feel it is often overlooked in favour of Red Box (really, I can't understand the fascination with that place).

The sandwiches are scrumptious and though the staff had that slightly hipsterish "why are you here and are those boots eco-friendly??" feel about them, it didn't bother me as much as it does at, say Black Medicine. 

If you're on the go and in need of a good sandwich, I'm sure Beetlejuice can supply you with one. Go forth, young Yelpers, and munch away!
I love juice, and I love cute wee sandwich shops. Yet it was the first time I went to Beetlejuice, despite working and living in the area for the past 2 years. So, when waiting outside The Couting House for a Fringe show, and being hungry, I popped over for a bite to eat.

The first thing I noticed was how cheap it was! 2.50 for a bagel. 3.50 for a wrap. They only take cash, so I counted it out and with 3.50 to spend I felt like a wee kid in a sweet shop again, when you literally count out your 10ps till you get to the right amount for your tasty treat.

I got the Mexican chicken wrap. Now, it wasn't quite Mexican chicken as I expected. Basically a wrap filled with fresh lettuce, tomato, 'spicy chicken' (that was sweet chilli spicy, not mexican spices. A big difference in my condiments book), and then sour cream and jalapenos. So not as Mexican as I would have liked (no paprika, no cajun spices, no GUACALMOLE!) but what I did get was a lot of chicken and a really big filling wrap for 3.50.

The guy did forget to make my wrap and seemed to be really laid back and slow as he went generally. So I had a wee bit of a wait. But he apologised and was nice about it.

So, a lot of stars for the cheap price, and the fresh large portion. But for the slow-ish service, and rather basic style of food that it is, it's not 4 or 5 stars for me. I will come back here, for big tasty lunch stuffs when I'm hungry, and maybe even a juice?
Spotting the quirky Zebra print exterior and 'Red Espresso' label printed on the window, I popped into the Zulu lounge hoping that the cafe would distinguish itself from the many other cafe's, snack bars in Edinburgh. Indeed, the Zulu lounge is unique. The 'Red Espresso' brand is a style of rooibos tea with a particularly zingy punch, nice and all but not something I make a habit of drinking.  The avocado, pear and biltong (dried beef) roll I sampled simply confused my taste-buds and left me unsure as to whether I liked such South African flavours. As a lunch meal it was cheap enough (around 4) however I can't help but categorise the Zulu Lounge as a hit or miss affair, see what you think.
Walking up Morningside Road, The Zulu Lounge shouldn't fail to catch your eye.  The zebra print on the shop front, South African flag above the door and interesting name make for an intriguing appearance.  Inside the place is definitely more interesting than your avergae cafe with a whole range of ingredients which you can almost guarantee you wont have seen before.  It prides itself in serving red espresso which is meant to be a strong, aromatic and pungent coffee.  
I had a 'Gatsby' which was a massive foot long bread roll filled with a really sweet cured ham with avocado and a this sauce which tasted like a cross between yoghurt and mayonnaise.  This was served with crisps for about 4.50 which was an okay deal considering it was quite a lot of food.  The roll tasted unusual but it was new, interesting and filling.  
The Zulu Lounge is a great alternative to the usual greasy spoons and certainly worth a visit for a culinary trip on the wild side!
I wish I lived much closer to the Zulu Lounge as it is truly amazing, serving traditional South African dishes with exotic flavours. Although it is quite small, it would be difficult to miss the zebra print shop in Morningside with a big South African flag. The Zulu Lounge offers an extensive breakfast menu and the main meals are authentic South African dishes such as 'Gatzby', a filled baguette, and traditional South African sausage. 

I had the smoked salmon burrito which was really delicious and just under 7 so it was quite expensive. I think the burrito was a safe dish to order so next time I would like to be more adventurous and try their traditional sausage as one of the servers in the shop described the sausage as having a 'unique' flavour. They also serve home baking, hot chocolate and, best of all, fresh muffins which are gorgeous.
My friend suggested this place and although I don't live too far away from it I had never heard of it. I didn't try any food so I can't comment on that, but we did have hot chocolates which were amazing! My friend got the spicey hot chocolate and I had the bueno nutella hot chocolate which looked pretty epic and tasted amazing! I'll have to go back to check out what else they have on offer as the menu looked like it had some interesting things on it.
I just realised I never reviewed The Zulu Lounge. I have been getting lunch and amazing coffee here for over 1, 5 years now. They have amazing salads and soup with proper nice bread and the best coffee in morningside, possibly the best in Edinburgh.  The place is tiny but the take away prices are great. Around lunchtime you have to be prepared to wait a few minutes as it is very popular. If you want a nice and healthy lunch (they have unhealthier alternatives as well) this is the place to go! They also have amazing looking cupcakes and other sweet stuff which I have been (just barely) strong enough to resist so far!
I usually order Mango Smoothie (mango and sugar only). Great serving size. I like that this branch has a happy hour 4-6 p.m. buy 1 get 1.
Ok, so I missed the happy hour.  Hell, I didn't even know there was a happy hour at this joint.  I got in at 3:30pm, so I guess I missed it by a half hour.  Damn it!  Cheap bastards like me hate wasting money especially when it's just 30 minutes away!

Tropical Smoothie is like any other fresh fruit mixer except that they actually serve food.  I didn't have any of it as my stomach probably could not handle anything except a smoothie since Vegas nights pretty much destroy any appetite you have.  If you don't know what I'm talking about, then you don't know how to party.

The smoothies are good, they're large and you won't feel ripped off.  Except when you're a cheap bastard like me and you wish you had come to happy hour instead of paying full price.
This is my favorite Tropical Smoothie. It is not the one closest to my house, or the one I visit the most, but it is the one I spend the most time at. This location is near the Sears Auto Center where I take my car to get most of the basic maintenance done. While I am waiting I go to Tropical Smoothie. Why? Two reasons, one, I don't really feel the need to wander Sears while my car gets fixed. I am the kind of person that goes to Sears knowing what he wants, not going to look. Second, its a nice place to get a healthy snack (or smoothie) while I wait for my car to be fixed, and I can enjoy the free wi-fi provided by the bagel shop next door.  I like the bagel shop next door, but I really do prefer TS. 
I like this TS because the service is quick. I've found the food and smoothie quality here consistent with other locations, but by far this is the most well staffed and quick TS I've visited. 
I also appreciate that they never give me flack for asking for a wrap that is not the veggie wrap minus the meat. They are always accommodating. 
Additionally, this location of TS has a 24hr drive thru. I've never needed to get a smoothie at 3am, but if I do, I will be coming here.
In order: 
Small.
Overpriced. 
Bland. 
Icky. 
Not a fan of this place at all. Food was the same I would expect from a Wal-Mart deli.  Place has a very bad vibe to it. Hard to put my finger on, but I was the only person there, the service was one poor guy who had to come from the back and take his time making a wrap which was 95% lettuce and a tiny bit of chicken with very little seasoning. Next time it would be better to just take my $10 and buy a few heads of lettuce.
worst tropical smoothie in vegas. 
they're rude and mess up orders.
The smoothies are good, however the wait can be long sometimes. There is one person working there in the mornings. The other day is took me 15 mins just to pay and another 10 to get my smoothie. The woman before me ordered like 3 different things. The mornings are important because that's when people are headed to work. Maybe they should have 2 people....
Let's be serious... All Tropical Smoothie has to is keep the same products and be helpful to me... Keeping the store clean is good and I do like when they are appropriately staffed for a particularly busy time of day. Two locations around town even have employees who know my name and what I like.

So, why does this location always feel rushed and unfriendly?

Here was my Quick Tip on my last stop in:
"Time to redeem a filled up card for a free Smoothies... Well, not "free"... She says "that'll be 11 cents... For the Splenda."

To be clear, I showed her the punched card, she went to punch it again. When I showed her that it was completed, she implied that I was trying to trick her. She then said "that will be 11 cents." I just looked at her inquisitively. She said "For the Splenda, that'll be 11 cents"

I ran out to the car to get 11 pennies.
What if I had been jogging?? 
What if I had 0 Dollars and 0 Cents and was hoping that a Tropical Smoothie, earned through my sustained, frequent visits, would cheer my broke ass up... NOPE.
Went to try this place out despite reviews about bad service just because its 1 minute from work.  Showed up at 7:55am, the open sign was turned on but the door was locked and there were no employees in sight. I actually waited in my car a couple minute because I really wanted a smoothie. The hours they have posted say they open at 7am. Just lost a customer... hope the management/owner reads these reviews...
I only go here on occasion but I like the drink I order, the place is always clean, and prices are fine. I have never eaten here before so I can't really comment on that.
Came here at 10:30 with my man for some breakfast/lunch.. It was freezing inside the store.. 
I really wanted to try their Island Green smoothie made with spinach and kale.. But they didn't have the ingredients to make it.. Why advertise something with big posters when you aren't ready to make it? Settled for my usual Sunrise Sunset and a Buffalo Chicken wrap.. I wanted a banana as my side but they were out of bananas..... WTF. So then I decided on baked chips which they were also out of. 

This whole time there was only 1 girl working. C'mon Tropical Smoothie how are you going to have 1 person working the cash register, making smoothies and making wraps!!!!???! So kudos to her because there were like 4 other people besides us. 

Understaffed & Out of Everything...!!! You're better off going to the 24 hour/ + drive-thru one on Flamingo/215!

Hot Tip: If you're watching what you eat get your smoothie made with Splenda or no sugar~!!!
I'm done with all Tropical Smoothies. Came to this location, ordered a smoothie and a wrap.  It was a little busy so I was patient, I waited 15 minutes, after seeing another person that was way behind me getting their wrap, I said something. Yup, they forgot, didn't seem to care either. Why is it that all the Tropical Smoothies by the 89148 area have terrible 
service one way or another?
Smoothie was fine.  Service was fine.  Just really really slow.  I'll continue going to the drive through one up the street.
Never coming to this location again. 

Since this is the closest Tropical Smoothie to where I work, I frequent this place. Even around noon, there is almost always ONLY ONE person working, and two at most, which still isn't enough! I have waited and waited and waited for smoothies in the past, but no longer. 

I went there this weekend, and waited almost 20 minutes for 1 smoothie!!!! I could've driven home and made one myself in that amount of time, and next time I will. There was one poor soul working and the place was packed. 

I've even taken the time to fill out a comment card for this location telling them they seriously need to staff up to maintain their customers. 

Done with this location for good. Don't waste your time here...because it will be awhile.
Whoever is a male that works here on Sunday nights should be taken care of for his extreme poor customer service & attitude. Customer service can change your experience no matter how amazing your smoothie or food is. Keep your day job. You don't deserve to spread anymore negative vibes.
Wow they need a few extra people staffed at lunch time
I honestly don't know why I keep coming here (other than it being close to work) The service is terrible and they never have enough people working. There is no reason a smoothie should take 20 minutes to make.
Tropical Smoothie

This is my go-to smoothie place. I've been here more than a handful of times during many different times of the day, and never have a had a problem with the speed and service from the staff. I never had to wait more than 10 minutes for my order. The staff is accommodating to what I want and quick to fix any mistakes. Get their stamp card to get a free smoothie after you've purchased 10! Also sign up for their text message deals,you often get BOGO texts. I'm a big fan of the Kiwi Quencher, Bahama Mama, and the new Citrus Green Tea with basil. Not too big a fan of the food menu, though.
I've never eaten at Tropical Smoothie, but my ex-girlfriend raves about it, so a buddy and I split a sandwich there.  We got the roast beef with horseradish sauce.  I was disappointed, he thought it was OK.  Would have rather spent half the money for shitty fast food.  I dunno, I just expected more from Tropical Smoothie.
I gotta give a special shout out to Ashley who was working tonight all by herself! She handled making smoothies and food like a champ. Yeah, I had to wait 25 minutes for my order but I blame the owners of this store for under staffing. This young lady deserves a raise or she should find greener pastures! I hope this owners wake up and get a clue that when it's hot outside, people want a cold smoothie. Now hire some more help!!!
For our first time here, the entire experience was a turn off. Drinking an ice slushy that tasted like water with a splash of kale wasn't my intention or idea. Hey, I get it, they are trying to be "au natural" and healthy by using turbinado as sweetener or whatever. But man, should the smoothies also not have any flavor? 

I ordered the newly advertised "Island Green - Spinach, Kale, Mango, Pineapple & Banana." I also added vitamins: energizer, B12, Vitamin C, Multivitamin - it racks up fast at 99 cents each. I said the hell with it, since I was feeling under the weather.

The drink was very disappointing. I definitely expected more substance and flavor from all of the vegetables and fruit it advertised. No mango, no pineapple, no banana flavor? It wasn't even naturally sweet from those fruits and vegetables. It was a light green color and all I could taste was a light hint of kale, mostly watered down. 

It had waaaay too much ice compared to the fruit/vegetable/sweetener ratio they put into it. It was not worth the $9 and change. 

Other annoyances:
1. We could barely read the menu on the wall due to blinding glare from the lighting in the place. (The girl just looked at me like I was crazy that I couldn't read it.)
2. The girl behind the counter seemed annoyed we didn't know the menu since it was our first time there.
3. All around uncomfortable vibe.

I would try another location in the future in hopes that it's not the company itself that makes terrible drinks, but just an isolated situation with an employee.
I made a beeline for Elixir once I saw the word "Organic" on its promotional sign in the parking lot where the fresh52 Farmer's Market is held. There are not too many Organic restaurant/cafes in Henderson and needless to say, I was stoked. They have only recently opened (a 'soft' opening) and don't have their full menu just yet, but there is already plenty of deliciousness to enjoy. 

I started by devouring their sumptuous vegan chocolate cake, since other people had already finished up the red velvet cake (boo!), while waiting for my Caesar wrap on a spinach tortilla. The cake was wonderfully light and fluffy and adequately moist, and I was still quite hungry when the wrap came out. The wrap was perfect. The presentation was lovely, and it was served with a little cup of cold grapes, a pickle, and a hot pepper. The wrap itself was one of the most gorgeous, tastiest spinach wraps I've ever seen - whole wheat with flecks of spinach, rather than the green ones I've seen elsewhere. The Caesar dressing was light and tasty, and the veggies were fresh and finely chopped. This sandwich normally comes with chicken, but I am vegetarian and they were happy to substitute tomatoes. 

They plan to add hot sandwiches to the menu as well as a breakfast menu - yum. Currently there are a variety of fresh fruit / yogurt / boba tea smoothies as well as salads, other sandwiches, and a few other things I can't remember. I plan to return frequently. Great addition to the neighborhood!
Very disappointing.  We went to Elixir with high hopes given their menu and approach to food.

We arrived and were one of two groups in the entire restaurant.  The waitress was pleasant enough, let us know the menu was limited and would be expanding.  We ordered and it somehow took 35 minutes for basically soup, salads and a sandwich.  By the time 10 minutes had passed we were the only group in the restaurant and it took over 20 minutes for them to tell us they were out of ingredients for one of the orders.

When the food came it was pretty good.  Soup was bland, salad was unexceptional, but the veggie sandwich and thai beef wrap were both very good.

Unfortunately, despite the incredibly long wait time, the owner, who was in the building, declined to come out and say anything to us and even more amazingly told the waitress the best she could do is take 10% off the check.  Most insulting - the waitress said that the owner said we could put our feedback on a comment card!  Wow.  The only guests in her new restaurant and couldn't come out.  Simply amazing.

I can't even begin to wrap my head around that kind of mentality.  She should be begging to come to talk to every guest during her soft opening, whether the food took 35 minutes or not.  Then to not come out and introduce herself under these circumstances - just mindblowing.  

We will not be back - I cannot support management with such little passion for their guests.
To have a brand new restaurant opening and not want to come out and greet
Wow, had to wait almost 20 mins for a hot sandwich and a minestrone soup to go. If I knew it would have been that long, I think I would have just gone home to make my own lunch.

My boyfriend got the hot beef sandwich. When we got home (not even 5 mins away) it was all soggy and falling apart. The sauce wasn't even on the sandwich yet. The beef was tasty, but nothing spectacular. It came with grapes, a pickle and a hot pepper. He got the sandwich on multi-grain bread which he was fairly disappointed with.

I got a bowl of the minestrone soup (vegetarian). For one, I thought minestrone was supposed to have beans? I'm not crazy about beans, but I'd expect to see a few, especially it being vegetarian.. how do they expect you to get full? This soup was definitely mediocre. The noodles were extremely soggy and mushy! The bowl for $4.99 was more the size of a cup! I wonder how small the cup is..

The prices are outrageous. My boyfriend's hot sandwich, a bowl of minestrone and a iced black tea came out to $19!! Next time, I'm driving up the road to Go Raw Cafe for some better tasting/fresh food, even if it is raw!

The interior decor looks sort of like a mediterranean restaurant. Had some cool looking paintings. But there were tons of shelves with nothing in them. The seating ranges from tiny tables for two, or couch seating for groups. There is also a bar looking area where their a worker making smoothies and drinks.

Overall, not worth the wait or the price.
I'm always excited to hear about a new vegan-friendly eatery in town, so I couldn't wait to check this place out!  The cafe is open and bright, and they have both tables or sofa seating available. They also have a stage, so maybe they will be having live music at some point? Or maybe an open mic poetry night where I can read my vegan sonnets? (Kidding!)

They have a standard cafe menu of soups, salads, and sandwiches (including wraps and panini).  They have a list of like 6 vegan soups (!!) including vegan chix noodle, minestrone, chili, lentil, and butternut squash.  However, only the lentil was available.  Booooo!

There is a vegan/vegetarian version of the standard menu that is almost exactly the same -- they just replace the meat and/or cheese with a vegan version (they have Tofurkey and Crown meats, and it looks like Daiya cheez).  My server told me that all of the vegan/veggie menu is vegan (or can be made as such).  Yay!!!

They also have a juice bar, various teas, boba (which is organic and not as sweet as regular boba - I overheard a discussion about this) and frozen yogurt.  You can dine in or do takeout.

The service was pretty quick, I was seated immediately with a menu, then a couple minutes later I was brought a little dish of dried fruit to gnaw on while making my menu decision.  What a cute idea!

I opted for the Vegan Cobb Salad ($9.99) with vegan ranch dressing.  I will admit I was a little underwhelmed, although, to be fair, it came exactly as described on the menu - lettuce, tomatoes (only a few), croutons bacon bits, fake turkey, a little cheez, and avocado.  I could have used a few more veggies in there (carrots? cucumber?).  But what the hell, I've never had a real Cobb salad so maybe that's right on the money. 

Regardless, it was a good size, very tasty. and they did not skimp on the avocado!  The dressing was so good.  They only gave me a little tiny cup, but that's really all I needed.... and if they'd doled out more, I would have just slopped on some unnecessary calories.  The salad also came with some very fluffy whole wheat pita that was delish.  I just had a black iced tea to drink, which was fine but nothing special (and $2.99?!?).

They have a deal going on now that you get half off your drink with the purchase of an entree.  It's a bit pricey, but it is organic food, so you're getting really good quality.  I think this place has a lot of potential.  As is, I'd give it a 3.5, so we might be rounding this score up to 4 if my next visit (and there will definitely be one) goes well.
The Lemongrass Chicken Sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had, but I am a sucker for Southeast Asian flavor.  I wish the sandwich was bigger, but I really can't complain.  Go hard, Elixir.  go hard.
Far bigger than I imagined, Elixir is quite spacious with ample seating, lounge areas off to the sides (complete with comfy couches) & even a mini stage (for what purpose, I do not know). The decor is interesting to say the least...very Victorian-esque, with oil paintings of scenic landscape on the walls, flowery furniture and gold accents. The serenity and decor of this place made me feel like I was in the lounge area of a spa. The theme continued to the bathroom as well, where I found myself confused by the really low-placed mirror and the tiny vanity. Truthfully, I expected an organic cafe to have a modern design w/ simple, clean features & bright colors. Anyways, it was a surprise. 

The menu features a lot of healthy choices, including vegan and vegetarian items. There are also cakes and other baked treats behind the glass display at the counter. I didn't eat anything, but I did have a glass of Iced Green Tea (free refill!). I'm not a tea expert, but the green tea didn't really taste like green tea. But overall, it was refreshing. The server was very friendly and definitely made sure my glass always had tea in it, so extra points for the lovely service. This place closes at 7, but the owner/server said she wouldn't close shop until all the customers left :) I'll have to come back to try the food sometime as it looked good.
For some reason this review got moved to my Yelp Book Club review and I don't know why.  Made my Yelp Book Club review nonsensical. So I'm posting it here again.  Yelp, sometimes you are such a mystery.

Came here for the Yelp Book Club.  They have fancy chairs couches - even a recliner that rocks! It's a large, comfortable environment.  The servers are nice and kept refilling our tea without interrupting the book club.  There was something going on with a blender behind the bar which was a little annoying, but the servers have to do what they have to do to make the drinks.

It closes at 7pm, which is a little early.  But the servers let us stay a little longer along with other customers.  Nice restrooms in the back, even if they are single stall.  Seems like a nice place to just hang out on the weekends.
I was a little skeptical about an "organic" cafe. I figured tiny portions and big $$. To my surprise the food was great and our check was low! Even my 200lb husband got his fill, and the food was fresh and tasty. I also got a watermelon smoothie, which I ended up not being a fan of due to the mint they added (I hate mint). Their menu selection was rather diverse and plentiful, we will definitely go back. They are also open on Sundays, which is a big bonus.
On my way to vega I wanted to have some fresh juice and healthy food. So I stopped here at elixir. It is clean and spacious although the decor is not really very appealing. I ordered fresh carrot juice with ginger my kids got a smoothie And a Mac n cheese. So far just ok until the coconut squash soup came...omg delicious. Nice to have some fresh foo before heading into Vegas. Also the server was super cool an friendly.
Lemongrass chicken sandwhich is amazing and wonderful flavored tea. Carrot cake is realy yummy too.  Wish Vegas would have more Vegan and Organic cafes like this!
A terrific find! All food is organic and mostly vegetarian! I had a portobello Philly. It was delicious! Nice atmosphere, friendly waitress. They also serve breakfast. I'm going back soon for vegetarian eggs Benedict and fruit filled wheat pancakes!
I hope this restaurant doesn't go out of business soon.  It took forever for the food to arrive that we ended up asking for it to go.  Also, while the staff was in the kitchen, we saw customers come in, wait to be seated, and leave since there was not a proper host/hostess position.  The portions are ridiculously small and not filling in the least bit.  Overpriced, bad service, absolutely no one in the restaurant during lunch hour on a Sunday (besides the other party sitting outside).

Another bone to pick, they list out all the soups on their menu and do not specify that they only have one soup of the day.  Bleh.  Save your pretty pennies for a real organic cafe.
Nice enough staff. Very clean place. But I don't see how it's going to make it. It took as long to get our smoothies is it did our burgers. And the smoothies were about 20% higher in price than tropical smoothie. REALLY sleep music in here too.

I'd go next store to the kabob place that's better :)
On a mid morning Sunday, the restaurant was a ghost town. This normally is not a good sign and I almost darted. Heard that Elixir tends to be on the more expensive side, so my friend and I had purchased a Groupon Now before come here. In the end, we were unable to use it. If you purchase one to be used before 11:30am make sure to order breakfast, because it does not cover lunch. 

We had ordered lunch, because their breakfast specials did not sound appealing. I had ordered the Lemongrass Turkey Burger on a grain bun($9.99). The juicy patty was topped with pickled diakon and carrots, lettuce, cilantro, cucumbers, and raw onions. All this talk about banh mi has got me subconsciously seeking out these flavors. It was absolutely delicious. Each sandwich comes with a side of chips and chunky mango salsa. For the price compared to quality, it was really reasonable. I would definitely come back for this burger.
Friendly enough staff for sure, but this can be a burden we you just want a quick juice and to move on. I had to pressure them to get on with my order after waiting about 15 mins and realizing it had not been started

Also the location is tough. Parking is congested in this lot once you find the place in it's little corner. Unfortunately it is not open during the Sunday farmers market in this shopping center which would bring folks in

Aside from these items I very much enjoyed Denise as she helped me from behind the bar and she made me a great veg juice ordered to my liking

When you go do not be in a rush and appreciate the product they are offering unique to the big box strip malls elsewhere. It is worth supporting for that alone
I read the reviews about waiting 20 minutes for a sandwich, but I still wanted to try this place because they have Boba smoothies. One would think a smoothie would take 5-10 minutes. I waited OVER 30 minutes for a drink! The owner tried to justify this by saying they cook their boba fresh. 

I ordered a chocolate banana smoothie, which has chocolate, banana and strawberry. The smoothie was really good minus the fresh cooked Boba. I slurped around them. If you're used to Boba you get from a traditional Bubble teashop, skip theirs.

Good product, but not worth the wait. Many options within 1-3 miles.
I stopped over here with my mom after she got her hair done, since we were pretty much starving.  It was early afternoon, and there were only 2 other couples there, so service was pretty good.  We ended up sitting at a small table for two vs. the nice plush couches and sofas, but maybe next time I come back, I'll wanna get comfy.  

I'll admit that I only tried this place out because of the Groupon, but for the amount of food, it was a deal I couldn't pass up--2 burgers/wraps, 2 drinks, and a dessert for $17.  

My mom and I ordered the following: Lemongrass Burger made of grass fed beef on Gluten-free bread, 2 orders of chips and mango salsa, 2 Pomegranate Green Teas, the Veggie Italian Burger with grilled Portobello Mushroom on Multi-grain bread, and the Black Forest Cake.  

The burgers were delicious, so yummy and juicy.  They were actually quite huge, and my mom and I had a hard time finishing our burgers and blue corn chips n salsa.  I honestly thought that the burgers were good, the teas were refreshing, and the service was excellent--she came around quite often to check up on us.  

However, I didn't appreciate the fact that the menus were not updated and I changed my order a few times because the menus didn't accurately reflect what was being served--burgers and dessert options, as well as tea selection.  I didn't feel like a wrap so I don't know if they have updated that section or not.  They actually only had one option for dessert, and I wish that I would've known that prior to walking in, as the black forest cake looked delicious, but was a bit dry in my opinion (had to eat it later on since I was so stuffed).  

I was lucky enough to find a parking spot when I did, since it is in a plaza that shares parking with a lot of other restaurants and shops.

I like this place and hope to return at another time since I did like the food, atmosphere, and service. I also noticed that they had a stage setup, so I may return for some live music or open mic?  

When I checked in on Yelp, they had a deal for a free garlic/herb pita with any entree, but I couldn't combine the offer with the Groupon, so I'll be returning sometime to take advantage of this too.
Even if the food is made by Iron Chef i would never come back here. Only 2 tables and it took them 1 hour to serve the food.
Waste of money. And after all the wait the food was not made correctly. I can make a better burger at home.
Don't waste your time going.
The food here is delicious, I mean absolutely delicious for a casual dining restaurant, and all organic. One of maybe 2 restaurants in the whole of greater Las Vegas, that actually serves organic food. So for those of you, who care about the quality of food you put in your body, this restaurant is for you. Sure, the food takes a little longer. That's because everything you order is prepared fresh, with integrity. If you do not like to wait, then call your order in and they will have it ready for you, when you arrive, whether you dine-in or take it to-go. My husband and I have dined there about five times now, and we have always been pleasantly surprised, at the freshness of the food and the consistent quality. We are definitely fans, and we recommend this restaurant for all those health conscious dinners out there, where you can get great tasty healthy organic food.
Good food for vegetarian eater or Organic eater.  I have eaten there 6 times. Every time was good.  High quality casual food and good service.  I have not been there when it was busy.  I see other commentators complaining about the speed of service.  The food is made per custom order and specialized.  Our food came out soon enough put it is not fast food.  When I take my kid to some competitors I get complaints.  Here enough of the offering is main stream enough to appeal to a teenager exposed to all the crap that others offer.  We plan to be back often.
I had a Groupon for this place and decided to try it out. It was empty when we came in and the service was not slow like others have said. The waitress was very friendly and helpful with the menu. I ordered a vegetarian chicken wrap, orange and carrot juice, and then a piece of carrot cake. All of it was absolutely amazing! Everything was super fresh. Its been awhile since I went, but I still think about that carrot cake to this day.
I stopped here after I got my hair done next door.  All I got was green juice and it was delicious.  For some reason it's really hard to get fresh, raw juices.  Thank god I found Elixer.  They have a variety of mixes and you are welcome to create your own.  The prices are decent comparatively.  Sadly raw juice is expensive, if you own a juicer you know why!  

Looked over the menu items, and they didn't seem bad.  They seem to cater to a variety of diets.  Gluten Free option too!  The place looked almost empty and had a weird layout.

Don't think it has a great vibe to dine in, but I would for sure do take out.  I also will be back for more juice!
slooooowwww awfully slooooow to the point of behind hysterical laughter, like we were laughing at first, then it became downright retarded.

We ordered smoothies, after about 40 mins we cancelled our smoothie order, and just ordered some waters...the smoothies never showed up.  We sat without a drink for 40 mins prior to that, not even a water, or being asked if we'd like something else to drink. no attempt at all and probably no notice at all that we had nothing to drink.

There was 7 of us, they messed up all of our orders, AND we were supposed to get chips with our sandwiches.  After an hour & a half of being there we *finally*  got our food. No chips. After inquiring about the chips, the waiter did agree we were supposed to have chips on the side somehow he had missed this when he was bringing us the food. Then  we were told they were totally  out of chips.  Instead we got 7 grapes in a cup. No attempt to ask us what we'd like instead, fries, salad something.  It was awful.

Unfortunately this place has good food. It's poorly managed and the waitstaff is horrible.  I'll never go back. I'd suggest unless you have 2 spare hours you skip it as well. 

They also have no music on or TV on in this place at all. IT was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.
Went here with our groupon and was very excited bc they have gluten free options. There was no hostess and 2 waitresses who just looked at us. So we kept standing there with two little kids until we finally decided to seat ourselves. Our waters never came. Once the food came, she never came back to the table. They were out of the GF vegan desert. and apparently we accidently ordered outside of the "groupon" menu and were charged for it. I asked her why she didn't mention this to me when I was ordering and she just kinda mumbled.  Took forever to get our bill. No one said goodbye to us. It was awkward, too bad bc the food was ok.
They obviously have good intentions here but there is just too much to complain about. Firstly, the interior decor is extremely drab and depressing.  Yeah, that's just my opinion, but I can't be the only one. Also, on a 75 degree day in Vegas, the temperature inside was way too hot. Even my wife who is never warm noticed it. The tables are too small, and the couches are creepy looking. We ordered smoothies and I swear they must have grown the fruit trees from scratch in order to make them, they took FOREVER to come out. They were good, though. We ordered the "hummus delight" appetizer and even though the hummus was good, there wasn't enough of it to adequately eat it with the sides. My wife ordered the Greek salad and there was no feta cheese. What?!?!  That was a first and it made the salad so-so at best. I got the spicy beef panini and it was really good, but it looked as though they had some trouble with the panini press because it was a bit burnt and had pieces of other sandwiches on the bread.  

So, overall, the food was good but it took so looooong to get it out that it really marred the experience. Add that to the depressing decor and the high prices and I won't be back.
I was very hesitant to eat here because the reviews were so-so.   I was very pleasantly surprised at the excellent service and the quality of the food.  We had spring rolls, hot vegetarian sandwich and cole veggie chicken sandwiches - all of which were excellent.

My only criticism is that $2.99 plus $1 for refills is way too expensive for a small glass of regular iced tea.   I will definitely return to the restaurant, but will probably skip the drink.
If there could be a no star rating, or a negative stars, I would give it to this establishment. My friend and I wanted to try this place since we had a groupon. We decided to stop by after our pilates class. We didn't realize they were about to close, but I know we didn't deserve hearing the cook in the back become upset and curse because he thought we were going to stay and eat. So my friend and I ended up leaving without ordering anything because we felt rushed, and we already had one employee (cook in the back with tattoos on his neck) basically feel unwelcome. Groupon or no Groupon, forget it, I will not be going there ever!
I was really impressed with the wrap I got! My hairdresser ordered for me to pick up when I left her! She did say to order ahead cause they are very slow! When I went to pick it up, I actually liked the atmosphere and decided to eat in! That wrap was the best I ever had!  Vegan, vegetable! Told my personal trainer about it and she said never again! Like a couple other posts she said the service is awful and very slow! I really hope this place makes it and reads these posts to keep in business! I was also surprised there was no one there at lunch time? PLEASE ELIXIR, post are all similar so they should pay attention! Slow and bad service? I cannot wait to go back, so well see!
Having read the previous reviews, my husband and I were a little concerned but we shouldn't have been. The service was good, my only complaint was that we had to ask for napkins. Easily solved!  I don't know why others are complaining about the decor, I personally loved the couches. Yes, the tables are small, and we could have been dining with the couple next to us since they were so close together. But, again, I didn't go there for the decor. 

I loved the food. I had the lemongrass vegan chicken wrap and it was wonderful! The sauce was good, and anyplace that serves vegan/vegetarian food as well as gluten free options are a winner in my book. The green tea with coconut was very refreshing. I ended up taking half of my wrap home, with my Vegan Carrot Cake and they will be my lunch today. 

Please give this place a try. Next time, I am going to try one of there smoothies with the green vegetables. I don't however think I am brave enough to try the Avocado Smoothie yet. But who knows!
As Misti, our Las Vegas CM, mentioned you could come here and chill and read a book and have some food or a beverage.

However,... 

The atmosphere is less than desirable. Yes, there are couches. Yes there's some tables. But the place needs more color and sound. I asked the manager to put on some music in the future. They had a movie playing on the TV when I arrived. Totally not a movie I would associate with Elixir, mindful eating or general well-being. Like,... put on a surfing movie at least. Not National Lampoon's European Vacation!

The space reminds me of a cafe that used to be in the Lower Haight in San Francisco called, "Common Ground." The coffee was good. The music (which ranged from Reggae to Indy-rock) was decent and there were some good food choices. This place needs to embrace their cafe/ lounge attitude and play some darn music!

The Caesar salad was fair. The blue cheese burger was overcooked like... well, well done, and I wasn't asked a temperature by the server. The server didn't bring enough setups and I was given the reasoning that the table was small so they try to conserve. Um... utensils are utensils. I need them to eat.

Some things should just be a given when it comes to service.
I think she saw two entrees ordered and brought just two setups because of it. But.... there were 3 of us. And yes, I had to ask for an extra plate. Good service should predict a customers needs. This place needs some serious training.

Back to the food... as someone else said, they have good intentions. I liked the choices of bread, meats and veggie options for their burgers. Presentation of the food needs some work. Right now, I might as well be at the Waffle House and not a healthy choice restaurant.

With competition like Greens and Protein and the Raw Cafe, this place is going to need to pull it together with their atmosphere, service and food in order to stay in the game.
I would give this restaurant 1 star, but the food itself was not too bad, so I am giving it 2 stars.  We found this restaurant via Groupon, so we decided to give it a try.  I will say this:  the food options are great for anyone who is trying to eat healthfully.  That is the only positive I can mention.  The service is some of the worst I've ever encountered.  We waited 7 minutes or so just to be acknowledged at the front door, and I finally flagged down a girl w/ dreadlocks & kneesocks, who rudely said "I'm not your server, but I'll find you a table".  Wow - Thank you so much for doing your job!  After being sat, we waited and waited....and waited until finally flagging down our server.  she was the only server working, but the restaurant was not even busy - she had maybe 3 or 4 other tables but seemed completely overwhelmed.  We placed our entire order (since we were only there during our lunch hour) - and also because we weren't sure when we'd see her again.  The hummus arrived, and I will admit: it was delicious.  HOWEVER, the portion size was absurd - It was barely more than 2 tablespoons of hummus on the plate.  Give me a break!  We got the lemongrass chicken wrap, which I would definitely go back for (for takeout only) - and we also ordered the italian sandwich, which was just OK.  
The ambience in Elixir is awful - It's a nice-sized space with potential, but is decorated in a way that makes it look tacky, cold and unwelcoming. Ick.
I would never eat in this 'restaurant' again, but would consider getting takeout, because the food itself was pretty good.  The service, on the other hand, is embarassing and I would be shocked if they were still open this time next year.
I went to Elixir cafe after seeing they had a groupon deal. I really enjoyed eating here!

 I was a bit hesitant at first because the other reveiws were not all that great, but I think this cafe is so adorable. Remember, your not going to a Outback or Chilis kind of place,there isnt booths and the seating tables are arranged as a cafe setting, I think some people forgot that when they reviewed.

 When you walk in you wait to be seated (it didn't seem to be very busy and the waitress was multitasking, but it didnt take more than a couple short minutes for her to seat us) She was very nice and helped us make selections from the menu. There are tons of great choices. We ended up with an app of Feta and green spread pita bread and for entree the hawaiian pizza and he got an italian toasted sandwhich. SO GOOD! and you can seriously taste the freshness.

 The only reason this doesn't have 5 stars is because I didn't really like the seating, the chairs arn't very comfortable, Next time I'll be sitting on their lounge couches! Overall 4*'s, disapointed that I didn't find it until now!
Came here on the Groupon and for the promo value of $24, here are the items we ordered:

-Berry Blaster Smoothie (non-fat yogurt based):  This was quite healthy.  Again, seems like no sugar was added, but that's all good.  Healthier this way.
-Basil lemonade:  Tasted very pure, like no sugar added.
-Lemongrass Burger (turkey):  Oh my Gawd, this was super tasty.  If I knew it was this good, I would have ordered a burger for myself vs halfing it with my bf.  I could devour a whole one by myself easily.  It's not a typical burger.   The veggies on there were cucumber, daikon, carrot, and lettuce.  The sauce was unique and flavorful.  The turkey was not a patty that I was expecting.  Instead, it was a nice thick slice of turkey that seems to be carved from a whole turkey.  Muy Bueno.
-Black Forest Cake:  This was super delicious as well.  Very moist and airy.. Aahhh...I felt guilty for eating it because it was so delicious.

Food was awesome.
Service was awesome.
Price could be better.

Gosh, eating healthy is expensive. :(  But I will cough up $10 for that burger and $5 for the slice of cake once in a while.

My mouth is watering just thinking about those 2 items.
We came here with a groupon. We had smoothies and paninis for a late lunch. I had the lemongrass and sesame paninis with beef. It was great!! The menu has many options and the prices are reasonable. 4 stars for food and drinks and 1 star for the groupon discount.
I made a yelp account just so I can give this place a one star. I had a groupon so I came here with my sister. We first waited at the front door for a minute while they were talking in the backroom. I even said/yelled a hello nd I had to finally go to the bar area and then when this asain waitress saw me she came out. After being seated we got some menus, nd as it was my second time giving this place a chance AGAIN they did not have half the menu. the drinkS ( plural )  nope. Asked for less ice and the reply was you will get it in a smaller glass then, the burger i wanted nope, oh even the chips and salsa that are suppose to come with the food they didnt have. Apparently they were serving fruit with a BURGER today. Hmmm one strawberry nd pickle literally half the size of my pinky. Nice excuse of being out of that also, not substituted with fries which is an extra cost with the burger but one strawberry, are you not suppose to put the customer first. Then my sisters food came with a hair in it nd we told our server nd of course the server compares the hair size to my sisters. Are u kidding me. After the food we presented the groupon to the asain waitress who looks at my sister like we stole the phone nd asks for id. I would give it no stars if I had an option. That lady is straight out rude, i think she owned the place because she was on her phone and laptop the whole time  in a corner, no service what so ever. NEVER AGAIN WILL I COME TO THIS PLACE. I WOULD RECOMMEND AGAINST IT IN EVERY WAY. The food ( Cajun Burger ) had no flavor to it at all. There was bland meat and one portion somewhat in the middle that tasted somewhat cajun but thats it...
Love it! We used a group on 1st time, can't wait to go back.
This place is absolutely terrible.

My mom is a bit of a health-nut and took Dana and I for lunch here one day and it was UNBELIEVABLE how bad this place fails on all levels. 

We walked in and the place was relatively empty, save for one table of two women sitting in the back of the restaurant. The waitress sat us down and left to get us menus...and five minutes rolled by. She asked us what we wanted to drink, left the table and another ten minutes rolled by while we waited for those. She came back and we placed our order...thirty minutes later the waitress returned with our food.

I understand that fresh food sometimes takes a long time to prepare, but this was outrageous because all we ordered was three burgers. If I remember correctly, Mom had a Vegan burger, while Dana and I had a good old-fashioned beef burger. I'll go on the record right now as saying that this was one of the worst burgers I had ever had. I ordered a "Cajun Spicy Burger," but there was nothing spicy, nor flavorful about it. The menu stated that the burgers come up with blue corn chips and mango salsa, which they did....five blue corn chips and a dixie cup-size Mango Salsa, which was also not especially tasty. At $9.99, these burgers were overpriced...especially because they didn't even come closing to filling any of us up.

Long after we had already finished eating, the waitress came and took our plates, and after another wait, we received the check. Leaving this place was a DREAM.

I can only speculate that our bad service was the Elixir Cafe's way of punishing us for not ordering all veggie burgers or taking any shots of wheat grass. If I want a burger, I'll take my business to Bachi Burger, Sliding Thru......even McDonald's  before I come to this joint again.
I've been to Elixir twice. The first time I got an iced herbal tea drink, and the second time I ordered the grilled tofu salad with ginger dressing and a coffee with soy milk. The salad was absolutely delicious, as was the coffee. Elixir even has Stevia and Truvia, which made me a lot happier than it probably should have. ;)

My boyfriend ordered the guacamole burger with a Portobello patty, and he was also very happy with his meal.

The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about vegan and vegetarian foods.

When we went to Elixir most recently, we arrived at 11 but it took a few minutes for them to open for business. Not a big deal, but it did worry us that maybe they weren't going to open at all that day.
We went here on a groupon deal. First, they are out of lots of things on the menu. We tried to order 6 different things total that they were out of. The hummus was ok, I can make better at home. The pita bread was delicious! We both ordered a grass fed beef burger, it tasted preformed and frozen with absolutely no flavor. The baked fries were seasoned nicely and pretty tasty though they were soggy, the blue corn chips were pretty bad. We were the only 2 people in the place on a Sunday afternoon, and the service was extremely slow and not very helpful. We wouldn't go back.
Enjoyed a healthy and delicious lunch from a very diverse menue.  Delightful attention and atmosphere...Highly recommend the alternative experience.  I'll definitely return....
I met a friend there on a Sunday afternoon for lunch.  The atmosphere was wonderful.   We both had green drinks and the portobello salad.  We couldn't have asked for more - friendly service, water with lemon, a clean beautiful restaurant with a lovely, tranquil atmosphere.  I'll definitely be back.

If I had any criticism at all, it's that I found the menu layout confusing.  I was looking for vegan options.  The portobello salad was on its own page with all of the other porotbello meals.  Next time I'll ask the server for more help with the menu.  It's definitely not a reason for a lower rating.
The food took a little while to come out, but they had warned us about this from the beginning.  I'm not a fan of the fact that they close at 8pm, which is kind of early in my opinion.  The food however totally won me over.  I had a philly cheesesteak with fake chicken.  Very tasty and i am actually getting a craving for it now, which to me is a true sign of a great meal.  I would say worth checking out especially for all you vegetarians out there looking for more tasty opinions for protein!
Really like their selection of teas, smoothies, and other organic drinks! Veggie burgers are good too, service is very very slow!
Came here with the Yelp deal of $17 for $25 worth. I must say, I am quite impressed with the food that they serve here. But every other surrounding aspect of the cafe needs some sort of improvement if not more. First off, the graphical design/theme of the restaurant needs MAJOR change. If I didn't read this about yelp and walked by the store, I would've thought that this joint is some acupuncture office. The Website also needs major reconstruction as well. 

The service wasn't bad but the waitress seemed a bit awkward. Not to say it hinders her performance as a waitress, but she can use a little more personality. 

The atmosphere also didn't really remind me of a cafe or even a restaurant. To me, it looked more like a furniture store. And it was dead silent in there. No music and a TV that wasn't even on. The waitress also seemed to be fulfilling duties that aren't really resembled of a waitress. She was spending way too much time cleaning the place.

I got the Guacamole burger with whole wheat + grass fed beef.. It was juicy and cooked on point. Could have used more guacamole since it is a "guacamole burger." But in all, the taste was delicious. On the other hand, my girlfriend got the Santa Fe burger with whole wheat bread and grass fed beef in which was practically the exact same as the Guacamole burger... I have no idea why. Nevertheless, it was very tasty. On the sides, I got blue corn chips. Not enough to fulfill the side that I want but still somewhat good. On the other hand, my girlfriend got baked fries which is an additional $1.50. I recommend getting baked fries over any other side just because I'm a potato type of guy but it really complements a burger well.

Later on, the cook came out and greeted us to check up and see how we liked the food. I felt very welcomed and he definitely makes me wanna come back on numerous occasions. On a real note though, this restaurant needs major reconstruction other than its foods because they seem to be struggling just a little. And to make matters a bit more difficult, they are competing with another restaurant with the same focus of organic foods in Green & Proteins, which is about a quarter mile north from Elixir. Nevertheless, they can see me coming back.
Very slow!!!

My boyfriend and I have been twice.  Each time was almost the same experience.  We walked into an empty place. It was almost like twilight zone. Seemed like the staff was irritated to even be there. Not very welcoming. 

The food was great! That's why we went back the second time.  I loved the veggie wrap and my boyfriend enjoyed the vegan Philly cheesesteak.  The sides that came with were skimpy!! I got 4 grapes, a tiny pickle, and a pepper.  My boyfriend had 5 chips and a tiny salsa in a 2oz cup. Maybe they have to ration between all 4 patrons that were there? Ha!  We shared the vegetarian spring rolls which we thought were fantastic!

Bad: slow, slow, slow, pricey
Good: food tastes great

We may not go again, finding an extra 90 min to grab a quick bite will be difficult.
I bought a groupon for elixir back in April. I usually always yelp before I groupon but of course this time I didn't. Lesson learned! When I finally did my research & saw all the negative reviews, I chalked it up to them being a newer business & figured I would wait a while for them to work out the kinks out before giving them a shot. Silly me, thinking that this business owner might pay attention to yelp & surely the types of issues people were talking about would be dealt with. 

Well, fast forward 4 months to this past Thursday when the hubby & I finally got a chance to give this place a try. We walked in a little after 5pm to a completely empty restaurant. I tried to push aside any lingering doubts & keep an optimistic attitude. The sign said please wait to be seated but the lady behind the juice bar didn't so much as glance our way or acknowledge that we had even walked in. We started walking towards a table while asking if it would be ok to sit down. I think she grunted or something but definitely did not give a clear answer. We sat down & waited for her to bring over a menu, say hi, smile, something!! Nothing. She continued to clean or do whatever it was she was doing behind the counter & then finally brought over some menus after close to 5 minutes. Sorry to put you out! 

She took our drink orders, water with lemon for me & a sugar cane soda for hubby which she said they were out of b/c Whole Foods was out of it. Um, ok. He asked for just water with lemon too. We also ordered the Vietnamese spring rolls as a starter. I noticed that it came with a choice of dipping sauces but she never asked which one we wanted & hurried away before we could tell her. She came back with the 2 waters, no lemon. I asked for some lemon again & she came back with a tiny wedge of lemon in a filthy little bowl (pic attached) which I unfortunately didn't notice until after I had squeezed the lemon into my water :/ Then I realized we had no place settings therefore no napkins to wipe my lemon-juice covered hands on. I got her attention & asked for some napkins which she brought over, but again like I was putting her out.

A couple minutes later, she came back to take our dinner order. I asked if I could have my chicken sandwich on a multi-grain bun to which she replied "that's what it comes on" The menu has several different bun options listed, so I'm not sure why that is the default bun for that sandwich. I guess if I had wanted another type of bun, they would have been out of it. 

Another 10 minutes or so & she brought out the spring rolls with a sweet chili sauce. Still no silverware so I guess it was good it was finger-food. We asked if we could get some of the peanut sauce instead & she informed us that they don't have peanut sauce. I mentioned that I had noticed it on the menu & she said "oh yeah, the manager is really bad about updating the menu" Way to call out your manager! O.O

We finally got our dinners after another 20 minutes or so. Cobb salad wrap for hubby, Mediterranean grilled chicken sandwich for me. Hubby's came with 4 grapes, a tiny pickle & a pepperoncini pepper. Mine came with some mango salsa &, no joke-I counted, 7 blue corn tortilla chips. 

The food itself was pretty good, albeit a little pricey for what you get. I'm glad we had the groupon! I wouldn't mind going back to try other things on the menu but you could not pay me to go back there & sit through another dinner that was as awkward, uncomfortable & slow as that was. 

I usually don't discount a place on service alone & always understand that people can have bad days. Yes, even a waiter/waitress!  But when I see yelp review after yelp review stating pretty much the same thing, I get a little ticked off. If some business owners took the time to read through reviews & fix the problems that are glaringly staring back at them, more businesses would succeed!
Food was tasty, we were the only table in there... Waitress was friendly. My friend had a fresh made juice and it was good. Would go back!
So far I have had two poor experiences here and I still have yet to eat here. The first one was with Lisa L when we came in shortly before closing and were given nothing but expletives from the cook who then decided to make a lot of noise closing the kitchen. The cashier said "sorry" in the least apologetic tone and didn't seem to know what to do or care. Needless to say, we left pretty upset. I came by again on Wednesday at 11:45 to find the place closed. The sign says closed on Mondays. There were employees inside ignoring us. The only thing I can think of for why it was closed was the rain but that doesn't make much sense since every other establishment in the center was open. I have yet to use my Groupon which expires next week and after the last few questionable and annoying experiences, the only reason I'm going to bother is the fact that Groupon probably won't refund me at this point.
First glance of the place and it's not somewhere I feel comfortable hangin' out. The seating isn't very comfy & it needs some decor assistance.  
Despite that small hurdle, the food is GREAT!
Everything we ordered was very good!! The juices were done right and not mostly with fruits. (As a juicer, you need to use mostly green veggies rather than mostly fruit) or you can put in your own requests of ingredients. 
It all added up quickly and our bill was $35 for 3 people AFTER the yelp coupon I bought which was buy $17 get $25 -  so the bill would have been $55.
There was only one server there, I felt bad, there were several tables and the phone was ringing. She was running around all over the place.  
There were several things I asked about on the menu because they sounded great & they were either out of them or not serving anymore - get your menu up to date, it's not very professional for the waitress to keep telling us they don't have that or this anymore.

All is all, I would go back!  I was happy, the food was very good.   But I will take it to go for future, the ambiance of the restaurant was no bueno!
This place is awful!  I had a groupon that was going to expire today, so I decided to swing by on my way home to pick up something for lunch.  I'd been really wanting to try it because of the vegan options (I had not checked yelp reviews- lesson learned), but I was very short on time, so I wanted to get my food to go. Having never been there before, I needed a minute with the menu. The girl behind the counter was less than friendly and never stopped to actually listen to my order.  I literally had to follow her and she never really acknowledged what I said except to tell me that the kitchen was really busy and it was going to take about 30 minutes to get the humus plate and veggie wrap I ordered. Busy?  There were two tables occupied in the entire place!? But okay, whatever.  I was already there, starving, and gone through the ridiculous chore of placing an order.  

Then, when I showed her my groupon, she said that it was, " dine in only." the best part is her explanation that it was due to the extra cost of take-out packaging.  Unless they're wrapping in cashmere, I really don't see how a 10 cent piece of plastic could possibly cost more than serving food on a plate you then have to pay someone to wash.  

So, I said fine, bring it on a plate, but I'll just have to ask for you to box it up because I had a repair man coming that I needed to be home to let inside.  Her response?  "my manager is right there and she's pretty strict about it.  And she'd catch on to what you were doing.". Excuse me??  And what exactly would she do about it?  

I just left and will never go back. There are plenty of other great restaurants with fantastic vegan food in this city.  I have no desire to waste my time or to in any way contribute to the existence of such an insulting and rude establishment.
Purchased a groupon to use with my vegan friend, I am not vegan or vegetarian, but I am open to trying whatever, so I knew I could get her out for lunch here. Both her and her husband are vegan and they both really enjoyed their food, she said her caeser salad was the best she's had. I ordered the Thai style chicken pizza (grilled chicken, red onion, carrots, mozzarella cheese, peanut sauce and crushed peanuts) $10.99. Kinda steep in my opinion for a personal pizza. Overall, I don't see myself returning, but I can see the appeal for the vegans/vegetarians out there.
Went here for the first time a couple weeks ago, and was surprised to see how big this place was.  For some reason, I expected to open the door and find a small cafe with few tables all of which were going to be filled with people. I found the exact opposite. This place is pretty big, and sadly empty. 

This place has a pretty big menu. I ended up getting the asian beef sandwich... I forgot what it was called exactly, haha. It was pretty good, but a small portion for the price. I also ordered one of her fresh juices, and man was it good ! 

The service was good at first, but kind of became over bearing. Since my friends and I were the only ones there, they were checking up on us way too often. I mean, I appreciate the sentiment, but there's a difference between good customer service, and being too attentive. 

Would I go back here? Probably not. I don't live near it, and the price and ambience just weren't good enough to capture my attention.
The food at Elixir is full of flavor and tastes great! The problems are that it takes forever to get the food and smoothies. Also we asked for a side of mustard and there was a fee.....for mustard? It was a dollar so it didn't break the bank but paying for mustard was a new experience for me. My husband and I aren't vegan or vegetarian but we are trying to eat healthier and this is a decent start for us. If you have time to spare and don't care about the old mismatch couches or very small tables this stop it....the flavor  makes it worth it for us and we live nearby.
This was the most interesting restaurant I have been in. Place sucks. The food was like it was made in a microwave by a 8 year old. Super expensive for some really bland, boring food. 
Just because its vegan/vege does not mean it has to be terrible.

The decor is 100% salvation army, pieced together from a thrift store!

I used my groupon, paid an additional $20 and went to baja fresh after.

And it took an hour
My friend & I were hesitant to try this place and put it off for months because we were afraid they wouldn't have enough meat offerings (since it seems to be marketed as a vegan/vegetarian-friendly place than just an organic eatery). I'm glad we were wrong about that! Turns out nearly the whole menu (minus deserts) was carnivore-friendly, and there also existed a veggie or vegan option of most every item. They have an awesome smoothie selection & some great flavored herbal teas (the "elixirs"). I ordered the lemongrass & sesame panini and my lunch mate got the lemongrass beef burger. Both were tasty (though my panini didn't have the pickled daikon/carrot mix I expect as part of that flavor palette) and came with some blue corn chips--dusted with some kind of slightly spicy and delicious powder--and a small cup of salsa (nowhere near the best salsa I've ever had, and frankly tasted like it was poured from a jar of Pace, but at least the chips were good). Our waiter, JB, was a whirlwind of energy & hilarity and was one of my favorite parts of the whole place. They had karaoke videos showing during lunchtime on a Saturday, and we were encouraged to grab the mic & go for it if we wanted (we passed since there's no booze served there & that's usually the necessary precursor). There's some really nice artwork on a couple of the walls, though I wish they'd extend it over to all the walls since the others looked a little sterile or austere. Still, though, it's a nice-looking little place, and the black leather couches along one wall are awesome to kick back on.

...keep in mind that I just found this draft of a review from well over a year ago. I've been back a couple times since, and service has been slow every time (JB was nowhere to be seen), and sometimes you get the distinct feeling they believe they have better things to do than serve you, but that's definitely not all the time, just when certain people are manning the fort. The owner is nice, when she's there. There never seem to be very many patrons in Elixir, which kind of makes me wonder how they're able to stay afloat, but maybe they do more business during the karaoke night(s).
I'm baffled how this place is still in business. My first time I came here with a groupon, the entire place was empty except for my friend & I. We ordered a couple things, all were decent, nothing mind blowing, so when the groupon came up again, I was reluctant to get it, but since my friend is vegan, this was a close lunch spot for us. This time around however, things are different. Again, the place is empty. The ambiance/atmosphere is really strange, a large room with old lady furniture & couches, and outdoor patio furniture for their tables. I ordered the hummus platter, the cucumbers were soggy & watery in the middle, the celery was old looking as well, they were hard at the ends. The hummus wasn't that great, I didn't know it was flavored (I prefer plain old hummus) the only thing good was the pita bread. I ordered the turkey burger, I was expecting ground turkey, but what came out was an actual piece of turkey that had been on a panini machine, it was dry, gross and inedible. I still had some money left to the groupon so since I didn't eat my burger I ordered a mango lassi (which tasted like crap, NOTHING like a mango lassi, like ice and greek yogurt) she then informed me that the groupon was for dine in only and I wouldn't be able to take the smoothie I would have to drink it here. Are you kidding me? Uh okay. I watched several people come in after me, and what a long time to be served. I don't foresee this place lasting. I know I won't be returning.
Good service. Good tasting food. Not a bad place, just OK. Lots of choices for juices and smoothies.
Choose-your-own 5 ingredient juice, $6.95 for 16 oz., delicious. Thai-style peanut 'veggie chicken' pizza could've only been better if the onions were cooked and some sort of asian chile sauce were available (Siracha?)
So happy for so many vegan and vegetarian options.  It took a while to decide.  Service was great and friendly. Definitely recommend for those of us who enjoy healthier eating.
This restaurant is NOW closed. OUT-of-Business. R.I.P.
I love their organic burgers! It is extremely pricey, but the flavor is there. Typical hamburger with excellent succulent juices flowing through each gram of fat in the hamburger meat! :-)
We had lunch here yesterday.  My husband had a sandwich and a coffee smoothie and I had a fruit smoothie (which was plenty filling for me).  I tasted my hubby's lunch and it was good, good enough for him to finish it all.  My smoothie was also yummy, but it would have been nice to have size/price options because I didn't finish mine (I was too full) and so it was a bit of a waste.

Overall a good option if you're in the casino and need a speedy good for you lunch.
Inside the Green valley ranch casino. 

I love the Mango Magic, it's in the low calorie menu. Although the price is a bit higher than normal, it's still ok, since I love my Mango Magic. =)
I found this place during my last couple of days at the Green Valley Ranch Resort in Henderson (just outside Vegas).  If I actually paid attention sooner and looked at their full menu, I would've been here more often.  They not only have great smoothies, but also had great pita wraps and sandwiches.  Try the pesto chicken pita, they're made fresh and they actually LOOK like the pictures advertising them. You don't see that often.  They actually had breakfast sandwiches too, which sounded really good, but never got the chance to try them.  The staff members on my two visits were really friendly and helpful in giving me some pointers on their best items.  I'm hoping to find one of these in Chicago soon.
Located inside the Green Valley Ranch. It's in the food court area just upstairs over the movie theatre.

This is a small attached location with yogurt shop. The community seating for food court can be good or bad depending on how busy it is. When I was there it kinda sucked cuz there were a bunch of kids at the food court I think flowing over fro the movies.

The staff is friendly. Got my smoothie out reasonably fast and was in the mood for fresh orangy mango taste. Bammm Sunrise Sunset it was. Strawberries, Pineapple, Mango and Orange with extra orange. 
Had it my way and like it!!

Good spot for quick fresh while in thete and not wanting the whole restaurant thing.

All good - do it!
Friendly staff and fast service. Great selection of smoothies. I'll be back.
I stayed at Green Valley Ranch for a few days and every morning stopped by this location to get a Smoothie to start the day.  It's conveniently located in the food court near the conference rooms, so instead of Coffee, I got a Smoothie to start my day.  

My Smoothie of choice is the Rockin' Raspberry (Raspberries, Strawberries, Banana, w/shot of Whey Protein), $5.99.  It's very tasty and serves as a sort of meal replacement instead of eating a Pastry or Muffin before our conference sessions.

The employees here are friendly and from the 2nd day of my stay started making it for me as soon as they saw me in line....that's great service!

Return Factor - 90%
This is in the food area of Green Valley Ranch Casino. open 24/7. The smoothies are very tastey and the girls working are nice.
I haven't had a Strawberry Julius in years and stopped by the Aliante Station Casino today because they mailed me a bunch of free $15 bet coupons. 

The Orange Julius is also a Dairy Queen and is located in the food court of the Aliante Station Casino. I looked over the menu and noticed that they had a hot dog/chips/drink combo. I asked if I could have a Strawberry Julius as my drink. The girl behind the counter said that was only a Dairy Queen Combo and I couldn't sub the drink. I guess I'm not getting a hot dog then...Next I looked at the prices and notice it was $4.79 for a medium julius. I remember it was only $2 in California. I won the $15 free bet so I bought it anyways. It was just how I remembered....except the price.
I came here awhile back, and I wont lie... I wasn't impressed. My husband and I stood there waiting for a good 3 mins or so for someone to take our order while the workers were out back goofing around doing god knows what. I don't even care what they were doing, I just wanted my ice cream. Finally one guy saw us and came up front... about damn time. I ordered my usual banana split and of course, that never fails me. My husband got his usual peanut butter reeses blizzard. Good stuff! I love dairy queen, I just wasn't impressed with their lack of work ethics.
This location always seems to have only one employee working, and that employee always seems to be frazzled and stressed.  
Also, I've tried 3-4 times over a 6 month period to get chocolate soft serve, only to be told that they are "out" and only have vanilla.
Well here goes another *1* star review!  How do I get into these places?  I LOVE Orange Julius and have been going to them since a very long long time ago.  If I am in a mall and see one, I always need to buy one and drink it while shopping...YUM!  Here in the food court at Aliante Station I found the Orange Julius stand mixed-in with Dairy Queen.  There were about 4 people in front of me and we were all just standing there when I spotted the sign on the counter which read "back in 5 minutes".  OK, everyone deserves a potty break.  But, this 5 minutes turned into 10, then 15, and I was dang hungry for their hot dog and orange drink.  Finally I gave-up and went down the row of fast foods available.  No, didn't want a taco, or Chinese food, or another hamburger, or pizza - dang, I just want that hot dog and drink!  I went back to OJ and stood for another few minutes when finally the "crew" came laughing back in.  Who knows where they had been.  Oh, boy, I'm close to getting my hot dog and drink!  The people in front of me ordered and finally it was my turn!  I looked at the girl taking the orders and said, "I would like a hot dog, w/mustard and relish, and a medium Orange Julius."  "We are out of hot dogs." was the reply.  You have got to be kidding!  But she was going to make my Orange Julius, and one for my husband.  I couldn't wait until she handed it to me and said, "That will be $10.36."  $10.36!  Are you kidding me.  With a very straight face she just said, "No."  $10.36 for 2 medium Orange Julius'!  So pick me up off the ground!!  Will I go back?  Are you kidding?  I went to Johnny Rockets and got myself a very good hot dog, and savored every sip of the most expensive Orange Julius I have ever had.....Actually it really wasn't that good.........
When Fro-Yo is all the rage - I cannot deny that DQ was or maybe even still is my favorite place to get a frozen treat.  

The DQ's around town do not have the Mr Misty Freeze on their menu boards.  However, you can still order it and they will still make it.  It is kinda of the secret menu...

It is the arctic slushy with soft serve ice cream blended together!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I always get the lime flavor.  The Mr Misty Freeze is one of those things that just makes me down right happy!
I met with mixed results here.  The large Original Orange Julius I ordered had a quite visible line of separation between the orange juice and the frothy effect desired in an Orange Julius, and was not very cold.  In fact, this was was one of the first times I did not get an ice cream headache drinking an Orange Julius too fast.  The large Butterscotch Dipped Cone I ordered was satisfying but looked like the leaning tower of Pisa, and did not project a strong butterscotch flavor.  The two staffers who served me me were efficient but not very friendly.
The food here is average for a breakfast/lunch caf. 

My only problem is that they (as in the employees at the caf) do not give you what you exactly order. Now, I know this is not a big deal, but it irks me when I place an order and tell them what I specifically do not want, and they give it to me anyway. 

For example, the first time I stopped here for breakfast, I asked for just bacon and eggs. No potato and no bread. I told them that I couldn't eat it and that I don't mind paying extra for items that I will not be receiving. Of course when my food came out, what did I have on my plate, potatoes and bread. Sadly I had to waste the food and throw it away. This could have been simply avoided if they actually listed to me. 

Then the second time I came here for breakfast (I thought I would give it a second chance) I said the same thing. I even told them about my first experience and they promised me that they would not give me potatoes and bread. But of course when it came out, I got it. What is so hard to understand that someone does not want bread or potatoes, I am sure it's a common thing. Many people request this all the time. I mean come on - what if I was allegoric and this was touching all my food. I guess I would have to throw away my whole $15 breakfast???

Needless to say, I learned my lesson and when elsewhere for breakfast for the rest of the week.
Market Cafe Vdara is the only food available at the Vdara hotel, now that the Silk Road restaurant has closed. 

They serve short order breakfast all day, and have sandwiches and other simple items available, as well as a small market for necessities.

I had an omelet, that was fine, and I liked that I could pick and choose any ingredients I wanted from the list. I went with spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, bacon, and gruyere. It came with toast, some potatoes that were cold and greasy, and the laughable "fruit salad" consisted of 1 tablespoon of finely diced melon with rind. I did like that they gave me little jars of strawberry jam imported from Austria for my toast, that was an elegant touch.

After you order they give you a number, and table service consists of bringing your food out to you. This isn't so useful, as they don't bring you cutlery or napkins. You have to go pick up your own dinky plastic forks and knives and little packets of salt and pepper from the supply in the corner. Also, they didn't bring the smoothie out, I had to go get it, and they forgot to give us our soup so we had to go get that as well.

The strawberry banana smoothie was pretty tasty, if not a little sweet, and not very big considering the $8 price tag.
Overpriced burger and fries and slow service.  Can't expect much from the only food available at the hotel...
Good but expensive.  But I guess all hotel cafes/restaurants are expensive.  Can get crowded and with long lines.

Opens at 6am, which was perfect for LV because we didn't get back from the late night club til 545 am, so before heading back up to our room, we waited 15 minutes for the cafe to open and had breakfast!  ONLY IN VEGAS! LOL
Since we had some time to kill before a show and we were staying at the Vdara, we decided to give their only eatery a try. I really had no expectations at all, other than it would probably be overpriced.

We tried the ramen soup and the chicken tacos. The chicken tacos were sweet, not too bad, but after a while the flavor was not entirely welcome. They came accompanied by chips and salsa - chopping tomatoes very finely, does not a salsa make. It was utterly flavorless...and the chips were kinda stale.

The ramen (topped with pork and a poached egg) was really gross in my opinion. There was no real flavor, but the flavors that were there were not good. I did not try any of the pork that came in the dish, but my husband did and promptly proclaimed that it was gross.

The portions are pretty big for the approx. $14 dollars you pay per dish, but the food is not worth it. They also took a while to bring our food out, despite the fact that the place was pretty much empty.

Oh, we also had dessert...as you can see...they were forgettable.

Do yourself a favor and avoid this place. There are other cheap places that will do a better job at filling your tummy.
I thought this place was pretty good... but then I only ordered coffee which was $3.95 for a large... it was pretty good...but when there are a lot of people it can get really slow...
As a hotel guest, I think its very convenient and important to have a market just in the lobby, they have salads, bread, deserts, snacks, coffees, teas, wine and beer, and whatever we need when we travel. 

I need snacks all the time when I am in Vegas, too much drinking makes me hungry all the time, I can get salad as snack before a big lunch, or bread as breakfast before I go to bed in the morning, or some deserts whenever I want some. I just grab whatever I think I might need, put them in the full size fridge in my suite, it makes my trip much more easier! 

it opens very early at 6 am, and close early too. so hotel guests might want to stock up their fridge during the day, in case they close already when you come back.
For being in such a prime location and having great looks, this place isn't all that. The menu and selections sounded enticing, but boy was I disappointed. I ordered the Asian pear salad with beets in it. My friend ordered a tuna melt. Orginally, she wanted a southwestern chicken panini, but they didn't have that. Then she wanted another type of panini (which I can't recall what) and they didn't have that either. She then resorted t to getting the pre-made tuna melt sandwich.The tuna melt sandwich came out 20 minutes before salad. Kind of odd....I don't understand why it took them 20 minutes to put together a salad and my other friend's chicken wrap. 

Anyway, the salad look delicious. The green spinach, the roasted pecans,  the beets....yes it looked good, but that was the only thing good about that salad. It was so bland. They barely put any salad dressing in it. I had to go back to the counter and ask them for some more salad dressing. They said they would bring it to the table--it showed up 10 minutes later. There seemed to be a good number of staff there, but everything seemed to take so long.
Very expensive, but convenient... because this is the only place to get anything in Vdara.
Ordered a bagel (toasted) and a croissant for hubby and I to eat while we waited for the shuttle to pick us up.

It was busy (as it should be around 8am in a "coffee shop"). Nevertheless...they forgot about my order and I had to prompt them for my bagel. My husband came back in to find me because the shuttle was there. By the time they had my bagel ready, the shuttle had left, and we needed to wait another 1/2 hour. Not sure what the heck they're up to, but it shouldn't take 12 minutes to prepare a bagel. Prepare the food in the order in which it was taken.
The Market Cafe Vdara sells breakfast and lunch meals, espresso and coffee drinks, and convenience store goods: snacks, beverages, wine, beer, booze, toiletries, and more.

I had several iced lattes here during the week. All were strong and delicious! I had the Santa Fe Salad for lunch one day - it was rather meh. 

I had a Bran Muffin one morning - it was very tasty! Also picked up bottled water, diet soda, chips, and some other snacks, plus some band aids and deodorant.

Everything here is very expensive.
This is the only eatery/mini-market in Vdara; otherwise you'll have to make the quick walk across the way to Aria to get a variety of eateries/restaurants. Since me and my boyfriend were staying at Vdara and didn't want to shell out an arm and a leg for room service, we ate from here twice.

Fri 8pm: After checking in and getting settled, I sent the boyfriend downstairs to pick something up for dinner.  He came back with a large shopping bag that read "Market Cafe Vdara" along the front. He brought out the **SOUTHWEST CHICKEN PANINI** which is spicy, juicy deliciousness!  The chicken was a good piece of meat and the combo of tastes, textures, and a kick of heat went really well together. It didn't include any sides but the panini was large enough for me and my boyfriend to share especially since we were looking for something quick, easy, and not too heavy to eat before our big night out on the Strip.

Sun 7pm: After a long day at the Aria sports bar me and the boyfriend went back to Vdara to nap. We passed the Cafe and decided to order some food since we were hungry.  I ordered the **PATTY MELT** and my boyfriend ordered the **GRILLED MARINATED SHRIMP WRAP**. We hurried upstairs to devour our grub.  The PATTY MELT was meaty, yummy, and semi-greasy = YUM. It included a side of fries which were also cripsy, thick, and seasoned well.  As for the SHRIMP WRAP, we could've done without it. The shrimp were slivers and the bulk of the wrap was bitter lettuce.  Luckily the PATTY MELT was also a good size for me and my boyfriend to share.  

Peak hours seem to be early morning around breakfast with all the tables and chairs taken up and a gang of people waiting in line to order food items and/or the many beverage choices (coffees, iced coffees, blended frozen beverages, etc).  In addition to the Cafe there is an adjoining area to buy 'high end' groceries (since Vdara rooms come equipped with a mini kitchen): imported cheeses, meats, teas, alcohol, ice cream, tv dinners, etc.  

It can be a bit pricey but the convenience and surprisingly good food items we've had make it worth it.
We stayed at the Vdara and this place was great and convenient. We had the eggs benedict with asparagus and hash browns ($14). It was really good! You can order it and take it back to your room to save the $5 delivery fee. We heard the smoked salmon on bagel was good ($6) and we also had the quiche which was only ok, although we heard lots of people raving about it. You can buy some groceries here and take it to your room since all the rooms have kitchenettes. It's a great idea and pretty tasty. There is enough choice that anyone should be able to find something.
Decent breakfast. Surprisingly good meal. We had French toast and Huevos rancheros, both hot and made to order. Huevos rancheros could have had a bit more sauce on it. Expensive drinks. Very little seating for the only place to eat breakfast at hotel.
Visited the market several times during my 5 day stay. The food was always delicious. Had the salmon bagel multiple times. The burgers are pricey at $12, but they are huge and that includes fries. They have tasty baked goods as well as another favorite, fresh fruit. I bought fresh raspberries every day. They market was always well stocked.

Negatives are the service was slow always and a few times they didn't provide condiments as requested. 

For the convenience, I would definitely recommend.
The Market Cafe is conveniently located next to the lobby in the Vdara hotel.  Convenience is what this little store has going for it, and the prices definitely reflect that.  We didn't try the cafe portion, so I have no comments on that.  We grabbed a bottle of soda and some chips to hold us over while we watched some football before our dinner reservation (sad day for Detroit Lions fans :(  ).  Prices are high, but that's to be expected at a little market in a hotel.  They had a nice selection of items ranging from wine and beer to what appeared to be homemade bread and muffins.  They also had some packaged Boar's Head deli meat and cheese, which would be a nice snack.  Overall, I wouldn't stop here unless I really needed something.
This place is only alive cause of it's location. 

Vdara has this and 2 fancy bars for their guests to dine at so you have to come here for a bottle of water or coffee at some point of your stay.  I tried their yogurt parfait cup and it was meh.  The yogurt had no taste!

Either way their coffee is illy so it's pretty tasty.  Beware, the line can get super long.
Where else am i gonna go in this hotel that has no casinos, restaurants, or other cafes?  That's why Market Cafe is stocked with pretty much everything you'd need!  Including:

- Breakfast, Lunch, and Late Night food (no dinner, come on now...)
- Desserts
- Bandaids and other essentials like toothpaste
- Crazy selection of beers, wines, and hard liquor at jacked up prices

They have a wide selection of food choices and it's pretty good.  Had the turkey cranberry sandwich with coffee and it was delicious.  

Can't complain.. it's a monopoly cafe!
It's halfway between a 7-11 meets ABC store meets wolf gang puck. why because it has a drink section where you can pick your drinks [juice, etc]. it has a wide selection of food choices from sandwiches to egg benedict. 

this place is legit! the room service food at VDARA is from market cafe so why not walk down stairs and not have to pay tip. the food packaging is the expensive good quality type. thick napkin. a macy's type of to go bag that is way too big for the food that is placed in it [bad because it kills too much tree and good because it looks fancy.]

i ordered the egg benedict to share with the bf. i thought overall it wasn't the best i've had but wasn't the worst. so it was about a 7 out of 10.  they make it fresh as you order it. the price was pretty reasonable. they're open early. there's indoor seating for you to sit as you dine.
Convenient for a quick bite before hitting the strip. Ordered chicken burger with fries (huge burger), patty melt with fries (huge!) and some tacos (meh). Regular priced for Vegas and it was delicious. Can't complain.
Convenient, but slooooooooow. 

In a time crunch, my girls and I sat down here for a quick bite before heading out on the strip. There were 8 of us yes, but the food took a craycray amount of time to make! We probably waited close to 25 mins, and the salads took the longest which was perplexing. My shrimp wrap was pretty good; although it was mostly salad which may not fly as well with some other people. Apparently the fries here are amazeballs - think curly fries flavor in straight fries form. They also come with the cute tiny little glass bottles of Heinz! Too bad I couldn't have any *shakes fist at my fried food ban!* :( The portions are decently large as well.

We also purchased some booze from here for some quick pre-gaming. The vino ran $40 for a randoz bottle, Veuve Cliquot was the cheapest bottle of bubbly for around $70. They also sell cute little pastries and cupcakes, which we picked up for one of the gals' birthdays :) 

So all in all, very convenient but pretty overpriced. There are 93573478 other options in Vegas, so would def not make this a normal stop.
This place is awesome.. They use illy coffee and the team of baristas know how to make a latte. I have coffee all over and i think that the Market Cafe Vdara has some of the best around. also try the cranberry turkey sandwich its a great pairing.
Decent stuff, could be much better with location being off-strip
I'm torn between a 3-star because of the wait service or a 4-star for food. I'll give it a 4-star since the second we went here the service was better but I'll explain why. 

My husband and I were staying here with some friends. Little did I know that this hotel is pushed back off the strip and the furthest hotel in the City Center. Also I didn't realize that there was no casino! We received a $100 food/beverage credit with booking the room. Granted the food credit is usable within most of City Center (not Crystals or Cosmopolitan since they're owned by another hotel and not part of the MGM). Either way we thought it might be good to try another hotel within City Center since we stayed at Aria last time. However the ONLY restaurant in Vdara is this Market Cafe. So you can imagine it gets busy because of the convenience. 

However both times we've come here there was lots of people sitting at the tables waiting for their food to arrive. We never saw a steady stream of food coming out. The food service was super super slow. But I just read another reviewer said that room service for Vdara guests all comes from Market Cafe also! Maybe that's why theyr'e super slow because they're servicing the people eating in the cafe and the entire hotel for room service. 

We ordered two items -patty melt sandwich and the breakfast burrito and we probably waited 20 min? Another person waiting complained to the service people that they had waited probably 40 min! Holy moly! 

The second time we came here we ordered the pre-made sandiwches and I think they just heat them up, so it's sooo much faster! And in my opinion those pre-made sandwiches were way better and yummier! My favorite was the chicken sandwich with a aioli sauce maybe chipotle? Whatever it is, it was delicious with roasted bell peppers too and the chicken wasn't dry! The other favorite was the Italian with salami and other yumminess! We also had the tuna melt and that was okay in my opinion, not a lot of tuna meat in my opinion. 

The other items here at the market are like what other reviewers stated that you can buy wine, frozen foods, juice, fruit, etc... Or you can place order at hte counter for foods or smoothies and coffees. 

Oh yeah and we got the smoothies, I got the mango one and it was yummy but on the sweeter side. My husband got the berry smoothie and it was good as well but more tangy with lots of seeds. 

So overall, I only came here for convenience since we were staying here. Otherwise I wouldn't come here.
Long lines. Slow lines. Long, slow lines!! Grumpy unhelpful staff. One staff member serving while another rearranges the fridges. And yet another rearranges the newspapers. All while we all stand in a long, slow line. The manager wandering around looking stressed at the slow line - if you're that bothered, get your staff to serve customers or go on the till yourself! And I don't like the coffee here. And it closes too early (10pm?). One star for stocking Fiji water though...:)
This is where you wished you checked Yelp before you ate there. Not only was the food just mass produced like airport food, but was tasteless. We saw numerous people who left more than 75% of there meal on the plate. The place has a very bright and inviting feel to it, but the food just didn't make you want to stay. Too pricey for the less than mediocre food. This is why you have Yelp as an easy to access app.
Pricey, great service, decent food. We got atoasted roast beef panini which was actually pretty enjoyable. The tomato veggie soup was not bad either. 

I also ordered the 6 dollar cup of grapefruit juice. It was good, but the price is not so good (as expected of Vegas). 

The people who were working there were extremeley friendly and helpful. That's definitely a plus.
Food was ok

the oatmeal was actually pretty good, the bagel sandwich was alright, and their omelette was decent

would've given this place 4 stars because of food quality and convenience, but gave it a 3 instead because of slow service, and it's overpriced
Overpriced? yes.
Quick? no.
Worth it? only if you are about to pass out.

You will have to wait at least 15 minutes for your coffee in the morning.  It will be quicker to walk to the nearest Starbucks.  There are 4 people taking orders, a line out the door, and only 1 person making drinks.  Bagels tastes like bla (yes, that is an actual culinary term) and the fruit  & yogurt parfait is a joke (on you).  

It is a cool concept for Vegas ('high-end' market and cafe in a hotel lobby); just very poorly executed.  I think the **** hit the fan for me on my second trip there (I was staying at the Vdara) when I was overcharged for an Amy's microwaveable frozen dinner.  Sticker says $5.50, register says $9.50.  Cashier did not bat an eyelash; looked shocked when I suggested I was overcharged.  Hmm. ... I wonder how many people have previously not noticed and simply written it off as another overpriced Vegas expenditure.  Regardless, this is unacceptable for a cafe/market at a luxury hotel. 

The only redeeming thing about this place is the bear claw. I bet there's crack in it! (note that the preceding sentence is intended for comic relief and that the writer is not actually implying or suggesting that Vdata Market uses crack in their baked goods. maybe.) Possible other redeeming factor: they had a bottle of Riesling for sale for $11.50 on the market side. I did not try it though so the jury is still out. If anyone tries it, let me know how it is.

Save your time. Save your money. Go somewhere else.
The best way to sum up this place is... "they mean well, but they are a little disorganized."  Case in point, on my first visit, the staff literally ran around in circles for about 20 minutes before I got my coffee, while my friend (in front of me in line) got coffee in 3 minutes.  The food is overpriced, but that is what you expect for the convenience of a coffee shop in a hotel.  They also have overpriced drug-store items if you do not feel like going to the Walgreens across the street.  Don't forget to present your points card.  The bagels and donuts are reasonably priced, so if that's all you want, this place is for you.
Conveniently located downstairs in the lobby of VDARA... so this was the go to place when we didn't have time or we were lazy to travel to get food during our trips to Vegas. Came here the time before and the last time... somehow I always end up getting the tuna melt which is decent.. and also the market burger, which is pretty darn good and I love the fries.. they have that orange colored crunchy batter. It also comes with all the condiments you could want, in cute little bottles! The staff is okay... they aren't the friendliest.. except one man who was cleaning around the tables and other areas.. he was nice. We also tried this southwestern soup which was pretty good... and got the panini/soup combo which is an okay deal. Of course things are overpriced... it IS in the hotel after all...
No complaints

Two massive bagels, one topped with salmon, one loaded with egg, cheese, and bacon, for under $15 at a nice hotel in Vegas. How could you go wrong? I mean, you could go wrong, but you'd have to add a jar of goofballs, a bungee cord, and two skinks, and that wouldn't be the Market Cafe's fault. 

Bottomless coffee as well.
Why I came here? 

Because I was staying at the Vdara. I was too lazy to go out and get breakfast somewhere else. I really didn't wanna pay the room service price. 

So if you've got the same reasons to go, then go. 

Food was pretty good, but definitely not the price I paid for it. Service is friendly and as I was waiting for my to-go order, I had people constantly asking me if I needed anything or if I've been helped. 

They have cheese and wine and other grocery store items as well if you'd like. I'm sure they're overpriced too, but hey...people gotta make money somehow right? They just like to make a lot.
We had $50 of Food & Beverage credit to kill at the Vdara and Market Cafe was one of the few choices.  My tuna melt was delicious and my bf's egg, cheese, and bacon bagel was not.  These items took 35 minutes to come out of the kitchen, which is pretty ridiculous.  We also ordered some tea, coffee, juice, and desserts to hit our $50 mark.  Apparently pre-packaged items (like salami, ice cream, or canned beverages) do not count.
The chicken piccata entree was amazing.  Chicken medallions were tender and served in a delicious caper and garlic butter.  Mashed potatoes were some of the best I've had in a while--flavorful and super creamy.  Vegetable of the day was broccolini and while the flavor was good, the stalks were a bit too undercooked--and I do like veggies al dente.  It took about 20 minutes for the food to be served, which was ridiculously long, but the overall quality of the meal was stellar.
If you're a fan of coconut macaroons, definitely give theirs a try. Yum!! 

The "market" offers a decent selection of snack food and drinks to grab and go or to keep in your room, but definitely pricey when compared to what you pay for the same items in a grocery store, but of course, its Vegas. 

Two secrets: First one, go to the fitness center for your juice and smoothie selections. One bottled brand in particular was a dollar cheaper in the fitness center. Second, if you desire picking up food for your room and have the time, go 2 miles south to the Whole Foods Market. Sure you spend 15-20 on a cab, but you can grab whatever you'd like for your food, fresh produce included, for half the price of what the market offers.

Comfortable seating area as well, which is nice to have so close to your hotel room. Overall, great selection of food, beverages, desserts, and souvenirs.
Granted we were still in a doozy from our ridiculous Vegas weekend; the Market Cafe Vdara is a great place to grab a quick and tasty bite to eat between clubs or simply while you're itching to get the eff out of Vegas. It was day three of our bachelorette weekend and the idea of eating, and not drinking, our meals was beyond us - thankfully we stumbled into the Cafe on our way out and nommed on some bagels and smoothies until we felt like real people again.  If you're staying at the Vdara, I def recommend it!
In terms of convenience this cafe is great.  It's got everything you need including loaves of bread and sandwich meat, but will definitely leave you high and dry on what they charge.  It's Vegas though so what can you expect?  Grab one of their soft serve ice cream cones too, not bad!
I felt that this place was overpriced for what they served. We ordered a egg, cheese and sausage bagel and shared a blue berry scone. The bagel was huge and pre-made (it was wrapped in foil, straight out of a heat thingy). That made me sad, because it tasted pre-made and had no taste. The scone had no blue berries in it and also tasted bland. Needless to say we never went back there for breakfast or any type of meal.
This place left much to be desired.  We decided to order breakfast here before heading to the pool and it took FOREVER.  I ordered food and probably waited 30-45 minutes for my food and by the time it got to us...it was cold and it was WRONG.  I ordered smoked salmon and got ham...and I wasn't going to have them change it because I didn't have another 45 minutes to wait.  Employees generally look pretty miserable here.

However, I suggest buying your waters and stuff here versus at the pool...they charge you a premium outside. Just sayin.
Okay so you'd think that a nice hotel (okay in my opinion it is nice) like this would have overpriced food? well okay so maybe they do, BUT let me tell you a little bit about their SMOKED SALMON BAGEL. HOLY CRAPPERS IT IS DELICIOUS. and the smoked salmon is stacked HIGH on this bagel, no joke. and only $7 (with tax)!

seriously, the best friggin deal not only in vdara/vegas but on EARTH. I've had many smoked salmon bagels and they never give you as much salmon as this one did.

Seriously if you are looking for some serious cheap delicious grub you gotta get at this!!
Many thanks to Moises (and Beeuyani) for their patience with my personalized order. I was so thankful to customize due to dietary restrictions - and not made to feel bad - that I had it every day! Very reasonably priced all things considered. 15 min wait was worth it.
We stayed in the Vdara and had Market Cafe almost every morning.  The kids liked the pancakes and we liked the simple baked goods.  Since Vdara is a little set back from the Strip, this is a great option to start our day.  However, the line can be long and the pancake takes some time to make.
$7+ for a breakfast bagel sandwich.  When the sandwich is ready, whoa, are you in for a treat.  They must have pumped some serious HGH into the sausage and the eggs.  They are massive, but not in a good way, scary to eat, there should be an asterisk on the menu for this item.  Less is more in this case.
Does it really take that long to make a smoked salmon bagel??  Twenty minutes, yet the cream cheese and capers weren't even assembled on the bagel!  And very overpriced water...
We stayed at the Vdara last weekend for a Bachelorette Party and having the Market Cafe downstairs was so convenient, especially for breakfast! Staff was nice and courteous, selection of food was plentiful and the food was tasty. A little pricey, but worth it for fresh food fast.
Stayed at the Vdara Hotel this weekend. The hotel itself is great, but this market place just next to the lobby I have to say is horrible. Yea, it's a bit cheaper than the usual price of food in and around the strip but not worth it at all. I ordered a sausage egg and cheese on a bagel yet something as simple as that they couldn't get right. The eggs were definitely the same eggs I'd get at mcdonalds, the bagel was chewy and old, and the time it got to me was way too long. 

It's not even only that it was the sandwiches that have this crappy egg product. My friend ordered the heuvos rancheros and it had these rubbery eggs in them as well. 

Furthermore, I think the management at this place is just amateur. They give people table numbers, even though it's to-go, and yet they don't even check the numbers, they just yell out the numbers and expect you to hear it. Why even give people those plastic wedges with a number on it if you're not going to use it?
Market Cafe Vdara is super convenient if you are staying at the Vdara hotel. It opens early and closes late. There is a side of it where you can purchase groceries with fresh fruit and juice and meats. But the other side is like a cafe/restaurant.  I like their lunch menu, especially the burger and fries/onion rings. The strawberry smoothie was good out of all the other smoothies.

The breakfast baked goodies go quickly so make sure if you want some to grab it early. Unfortunately the chocolate croissants had very little chocolate in them.  Their yogurt parfaits also were terrible. They were all fruit with no yogurt (even though it appeared to have a lot--I think they lined the outside with yogurt so it looked filled).

Other than these issues the food is good. Service can be fast or slow depending on the crowds.  The prices are expensive, but what you are mostly paying for is the Vegas location and convenience.
Horrible experience.  The cashiers looked like they were miserable, which made me miserable.  When we told them that we ordered an iced coffee rather than a hot one, she just dumped the drink in the trash and proceeded to make a new one without saying a word.  HORRIBLE!
I'm only giving it 2 stars bc the food is good ad that's about all that's good about this place.

Pros: good, healthy food

Cons: service is ok, not terrible and it takes forever to get your food

Well, the food is pretty good...if you don't mind waiting 30 minutes or longer for it. My bf and I are staying at the hotel and thought we would go down and get some breakfast to go. There was only one person in line ahead of us and they got a coffee and a pastry. I ordered the "Skinny Scramble" which is literally scrambled eggs and veggies thrown in together. Nothing complicated. He got a bagel with bacon egg and cheese which he got right away. 

After 20 minutes of waiting we said something and I watched the lady pick up the phone and basically reorder my food. By this time his bagel was cold so we asked for a new one. The one they gave us seemed a bit greasy, but we didn't think much of it. I finally got my food and the lady was nice enough to give me a fruit cup for free (which here is $6). While we were waiting, there were also other people waiting forever for their food and they too had to go say something and then and only then did they get their food.

So...the bagel was so greasy it was literally falling apart. My scramble was amazing, but it definitely looked a little rushed. 

This place is consistent in that, the food is really good, but it takes forever to get it. We actually went here last night and it took forever, again, to get our food and he got a grilled cheese and I got gnocchi (potatoes) with meat sauce. Again, nothing complicated, but apparently it is for these people.

I will not be eating here again. I'm a pretty laid back person and I don't usually get this upset, but this place is just disappointing.
If you are in a rush, do not order any hot food (anything with eggs/bacon/etc).  On different orders on different days, we had fairly long delays (30+ minutes).  They have to get that from the back kitchen, which is apparently slow and/or far.  Otherwise, the other stuff is a fine way to use your resort/food/etc credit.
Ordered the Go healthy sandwich with no bread due to my allergies. They wouldn't substitute the bread for anything, not even fruit. 

The turkey was gross - the processed type that comes from the grocery. Spinach was raw and egg whites were microwaved. I couldn't eat it. 

Food was overpriced for what you get, but it's convenient if you're staying at the Vdara.
-$4 vdara natural spring water
-$8 smoked salmon bagel sandwich with $10+ worth of lox  

Convenient and hearty breakfast. Smoked salmon piled so high I couldn't even finish my bagel... and that NEVER happens. The only thing I was missing was a pickle. But in fairness, there were plenty of capers provided. 

The people working the counter were all very nice and cheery at 7 AM, I didn't get the feeling that they hated their jobs like another reviewer said. The dining area attendant, however, was pushy and asked if she could take away my bagel when I had half left (and was still eating it). Maybe she's the one that hates her job. Or maybe she just hates Vegas. 

Their macaroons were good, I got the pistachio and salted caramels ones for $1.50 a piece. Worth it!  Sure there are plenty of great/better food options in Vegas, but for staying at Vdara and needing something convenient I had a good experience.
The Market Cafe Vdara bacon blue burger was an extra large, fresh gourmet burger cooked to order with lots of care and plenty of flavor, with a big serving of seasoned fries.  Came with a mini real bottle of ketchup.  The pickle looked sad, but I dont care much for pickles anyway.
The $14 Organic 3-Egg Omelet (Gruyere, ham, and mushrooms) with Potatoes was delicious, perfect portion to share...two days in a row.  The ordering process was a little confusing and could use some improvement.  The wheat toast was tasty however it was dry so I had to queue up - again - in the busy line to get butter.  The cafe mocha was good, too.
This place is pretty pricey.

-ENJOYED --- my vanilla latte (almost like $6, wtf)
--- chocolate chip cookie

-DISLIKED
--- tomato soup, it was super thick, and salty. 

So convenient though going downstairs from our room. They have stuff that you can use in the kitchenette in the room, so that's awesome.
I'm in absolute love with Vdara but this place fails on the very terms it sets out for itself. 

1. Overpriced: bad bagel with smoked salmon, all but undrinkable coffee and a weirdly heavy pistachio macaroon: 15 dollars.  
2. Very, very slow and disorganized. 
3. Worst coffee of my life--a tie with Burger Heaven which serves bilge water but I drink it anyway because I like the people who work there and it's on my street in NYC. 

Market Cafe is intended to provide an alternative to the 20 dollar omelets and other breakfast foods in or out of the room. Admirable, but frankly, Doubletree and Hyatt Regency charge 15 for omelets (not in the room which is more), so their breakfast prices are not that out of line with the regular overpriced breakfast fare in hotels. 

The omelets looked okay but not great. I heard the scones look better than they taste. The sandwiches are clearly your best bet here and you likely can take them out to the pool. The macaroons are not traditional: they're extremely heavy and more like straight marzipan. I had one (pistachio) and was unimpressed. 

Beyond that, it's incredibly slow. I saw a blonde runner about my age, who didn't know there was a marathon this weekend either and has been to Vegas a "bazillion times." She says Market Cafe service always pretty much sucks and that the bagels aren't bagels (true). 

I loved her very large and gorgeous wedding band/engagement room. I'll say more about the Vdara, which like a handful of other hotels in Vegas, strives to make you forget you are in fact in Vegas. Even the casino and slots at neighboring Aria are civilized and the very reverse of the traditional casino on the other side of the Strip. 

My salmon on "bagel" with capers, onions, cream cheese and chive was 8.75, which is not that much. But the coffee is 4 dollars and I don't know how you manage to make coffee WORSE than Burger Heaven in NYC, but the Market Cafe has managed to do so. 

Service overall at the Vdara is impeccable and I never , well, yes at some point, want to leave this 570 foot room, which I did not get to enjoy until 12:38 AM when I finally checked in after the closure of the Strip for that stupid idiotic marathon they could just as well put in the middle of nowhere or suburbs but choose rather to put in the center of town, thereby shutting Vegas down for the day. 

The "market" part--Kashi frozen food, Wolfgang Puck etc is a good concept. But I'm sure one could find a Whole Foods or something and stock up in the kitchen at half the price.
Breakfast did not come out of the kitchen for 25 min. What the F! They do not have the capacity or bandwidth to handle multiple orders. 

Here's a tip: Walk to the Aria and eat at the buffet.
Its nice to see healthy options and some of my own favorites.  However, it can be pricey and the service is a mixed bag. The morning shift was rude and confusing. Another customer's order was messed up twice. When I got my food the person who gave it to me was rude. The afternoon/evening shift is much better. Particularly a woman named Jelena was helpful, answered my questions and is overall pleasant.
I love staying at the Vdara, and I always grab breakfast here in the mornings. It's so nice to have a light breakfast after all of the heavy meals that go along with spending a long weekend in Vegas. It's a relaxed atmostphere with a contemporary feel. I have never had difficulty finding a table, and I never feel rushed, though staff is ever present to clear tables.

I usually grab an Illy coffee or latte, and almost always get the greek yogurt parfait with delicious granola. There are fresh juice choices, freshly baked pastries and goodies, as well as hot breakfast options such as oatmeal, scrambles, omelettes, breakfast sandwiches, etc. There are also sandwiches and salads for lunch, and options to take out wine, beer, snacks, soft drinks, etc.

I highly recommend this cafe', especially if you are staying at the Vdara. It has the perfect options to fuel your morning without having to eat another heavy meal.
Alright, who wants some over priced breakfast? Well, then this is the perfect place for you!

Here you can enjoy a stack of pancakes for $16 ;)

SERVICE: 30 minute wait & It's the kind of service you get when you are at your local super market oh wait a minute, actually the VONS nearby my house has better service...:P

THE BEST PART: You can ask for little ketchup and mayonnaise bottles ;)

FOOD: Descent...

Will not be back, back, back bc I want my money's worth ;)
I love the variety of stuff that they have at the market cafe, an assortment of food you can make in your room, or snacks, or to go items, and even in-dining food!  Basically your dream one stop shop essentially. 

I was drooling over some of the pictures that I saw online of this place but then it quickly dried up when I saw the damage it'd do to my already swiped too many times debit card.  I don't really understand the pricing of the food that they have here...i was looking at some of the salads, they're just medium sized and honestly kind of looks like someone ate some of it and it was $13..what?! haha how could it be that expensive? They're leaves!  

Anyways the food that I did get though was good.  I got the Vdara cheeseburger that comes with shoestring fries.  Asked for bleu cheese and they smothered it yum!!! (sorry to those that hate it)  the fries were really good too except they put a little too much salt..my lips were chapped by the end.  

Overall, if you're staying in Vdara, I would say, it's so easy to get something here, might as well.  But honestly I wouldn't go out of my way to come here just because it's so expensive.  If they dropped the price a bit, I bet it'd have a line out the door every time...or maybe that's why!!  I figured it out obviously.
Ordered a veggie burger and really couldn't tell what it was made of.  My daughter had a real burger and liked it.  Waiter was nice. Ate here because the pool was crazy windy and our food would have for sure blown away outside.  I recommend walking over to Blind Pig for breakfast and bringing back lunch from there for a healthier option.
The girl doing the seating was rude and aggresive. I ordered eggs over medium and they came super runny. Italian sausage was loaded with pepper. Very expensive
Eh....  Grabbed a quick bagel breakfast sandwich here and the sandwich was below average.  The bagel was stale.  Not really much to say about this cafe but it was convenient since we were staying at Vdara.  I would probably just walk over to Starbucks around the corner and grab something there. They did have a small section of grocery items which was cool.
I know it's Vegas and everything's a bit pricier here but seriously?  I got breakfast for 2 people and it came out about $50.  Ouch!  *sigh* where's a Denny's when you really need one?  Not only was the food super expensive, it wasn't really all that great.  The hash brown that came with the breakfast was soooo salty that instead of putting salt on our eyes, we just put the hash brown on it.  

The wait for the place was super long.  When I finally got my to go order, they didn't have the coffee and orange juice I ordered so I had to go back and ask them for it.  There weren't any utensils inside nor were there any condiments like salt, pepper and jam for the toasts.  Seriously, for $50, they should have everything packaged and placed neatly inside wrapped with real linen or something.  But honestly, not ask much.  Just that they would think to throw in salt, pepper and jam.  

But then again, I guess since this place is conveniently the ONLY place to get food at Vdara other than Starbucks or room service, I guess they can charge whatever they damn well please and not have good service.  At this price point, I might as well have had room service.  At least then I'd get better service.  Meh, I'd pass next time.
We had a comp from myvegas. food took forever to come out. my sandwich was ok. ingredients tasty but the bread used for the sandwich was horrible.  tasteless and chewy, in a bad way. it would have been great on any other bread. fries were great crispy shoe string fries. I was shocked. his egg sandwich was open face and he said ok. third star is mostly for the fries and the eggs being cooked correctly. another table had other items and really liked them. the fries really where great. I would be scoring it lower if we had to pay for it. for those playing myvegas, unless you are staying at aria or vdara, this isnt worth you time or gold coins.
Wife and I had an overpriced breakfast at Market Cafe Vdara. 

Fresh Squeezed OJ didn't taste fresh, and both the eggs Benedict and the scrambled eggs were just blah. 

Cost $55 for the two of us, luckily we had a resort credit, that is the only way i would recommend the Cafe.
Came here after spending the morning at the pool and waiting for my room to be cleaned by housekeeping, it was a great way to get breakfast and pass the time. Since I just came from the pool I was wearing a tank top, shorts, and flip flops which made me feel uncomfortable at first but the wait staff assured me there was no attire to worry about. 
Breakfast was delicious! I ordered the Lobster Tempura Benedict which came with their potato hash and it was amazing! So many flavors and textures, I would definitely get it again. Their orange juice and kale juice are freshly squeezed so the taste is fresh and great. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is the price. This place is a little expensive, for the boyfriend and I we spent almost $70 for breakfast.
The food is pretty delicious. It's pretty pricey too, but it's also cheaper than what you would pay for a very similar item using room service (27 for the All American breakfast thru room service vs 19 for the Vdara at the market - same items). I had the Tempura Lobster Bennies - wow, it tasted good, but holy smokes that was a RICH breakfast. I couldn't finish it because of how heavy the food was. My cholesterol probably shot up like 300 points as well. Service can be a little slow, so plan for that if you were planning on grabbing breakfast in a rush for check out or a flight.  And the reviews aren't joking, breakfast for 2 will cost you 50-60 bucks after tax. We had comps at the hotel so it wasn't bad, but if you don't you should get ready for that bill! I would go back if I had comps, but I am not necessarily sure if I would eat the ticket if I was paying out of pocket.
Came here for breakfast only because my cousin was visiting and she stayed at the Vdara. We wanted something quick and near as she had to get on the road. I read the yelp reviews before going so I was prepared to not have high expectations. 

Overly priced for bland food although the portion was a good size. The only thing good on each plate were the potatoes AND they made it fresh, I think/hoped. Haha 

I guess it can be confusing to order. As we walked up to the hostess stand she immediately came out from the back to help us. So my cousins friend came down and joined us but she went up to the register to order her food and then sat down with us. She didn't know there was dine-in and take-out. 

I thought the little market area where I saw they had cold cuts to make your own sandwiches (in your room / to go) was a neat idea. Especially if you're tired of spending so much money on dining out while visiting Vegas. 

I wouldn't come back unless I really, really, really have to. I know there is good breakfast somewhere on the strip just a hop and a skip away. 

We got pancakes, chicken and waffles and an omelette. My pancakes tasted like flour straight from the packet. I couldn't even cut it with my fork. I had to slice it back and forth my butter knife which tore the thing apart. I'm no chef but I can make better pancakes at home. For the chicken and waffles, try taking plain chicken breast and crust it with plain Corn Flakes cereal. The waffle had green onions mixed in the batter. Idk that meal just didn't work! 

Anyway, waste of money. Don't go.
Friendly waitress but surly server.  Food is overpriced for what it is.  I ordered eggs Benedict and it came without the hollandaise sauce.  Several minutes later the sever brought it and it was ice cold, as was the rest of my food.  I asked him if it was all supposed to be cold, playfully hinting that something was wrong.  He said "yes" and walked away.   The waitress came by and I explained it to her.  She said she would replace it.  My buddies waffles were also cold and he finished his food.  After 10 minutes of waiting my replacement order never came so we left.   This place should shut it's doors.  Not a fan.
Line is so slowwwww. If you like to wait in like forever then here's your place! food and drink is overpriced of course but you got no choice really unless you wanna walk far...
Customer service is great, the smoothies and bowls are delicious, and it's a nice, cool atmosphere. My favorite acai bowls are "Go Green" and "Original". The food is healthy, yummy, and affordable! I recommend it to anyone, any age!
I Loved the chocolate peanut butter bowl I ate when visiting Thrive! They have a great selection of bowls, and other yummies to choose from. My kids (who are VERY picky) LOVE going here, and cant wait for the next visit! The Staff is very friendly, and very informative in regards to Thrives other services available...check them out :)
AHHHHH! I am soooo excited about this place opening here!! Can you feel my excitement?! I am no gluten free or vegetarian individual. I love my meat, but I also love my acai bowls. I used to be so depressed that there is nowhere close by that has my delicious acai bowls. Back in California they are everywhere, but not so much in Arizona. Now my life is back in shape all because of this awesome acai place. It tastes delicious!!! I guarantee. I know it is so weird how can something so healthy and wonderful for your skin and body taste so good. Scientists at NASA are currently working on solving this phenomenon. Definitely try this place. As for me, i am now a regular. I love how their acai tastes fresh and not mixed in with so much apple juice or other things like at other places. It just tastes so good I can't say it enough.
Love. Love. Love!! This place is awesome. I have tasted acai before but I didn't love it... but these bowls? They are deelish and so fresh tasting, likes a wonderful desert, yet healthy. I would recommend it to everyone, not just health nuts.
I was so excited that this place opened up close to me. My wallet on the other hand is a little nervous. As it should be! This place offers delicious acai, compelling me to go every week. They have a ton of flavors, which I have never ever seen before. Trust me, I have had a lot of acai in my days. The flavor is perfect. Not too sweet not too tart and they don't add a ton of apple juice to dilute it. It is heaven in a bowl topped with bananas, granola, and a hint of honey.  If you have something against bowls, you can get their smoothies. Did I mention acai is full of antioxidants? Plus last time I was there they told me if you are an AT STILL student you get 10% off your order.
I have been hearing about this place for months and I finally made it out there today.  I was finally able to find something that is delicious after my workout and has so many of the nutrients I need for the day.  I am highly recommending this place for everyone.
Acai bowls are good, I just wish they'd freely post their nutritional information.
Great light breakfast or snack anytime. Been a few times with the lady. Fresh made peanut butter is very good and a must add in.
Not your regular smoothie shop, I was introduced to this place by a "health nut" friend of mine. He goes all the time. They even have a bowl named after him. Not sure what is the difference but you can ask for "Cody Style" and they will know what you mean. I was surprised that it seemed to fill me up, or that I felt full quite a long time after eating a bowl. And it tastes good too! Chocolate coconut is my favorite.
I don't know if we just hit this place on the wrong day but since there was NOBODY else in there, I tend to think we didn't. I haven't been to a place in a long time that had such extremely poor customer service and I mean BAD!  We only ordered two smoothies and a mini acai bowl. After waiting nearly 20 min. the two ladies walk out with one smoothie and the acai bowl and one immediately tells me that it took so long because they had a HUUUUGE call in order and suggests next time if I don't want to wait that I call my order in; are you kidding me, since when does a customer that is in your store ready to order and pay take a lower priority over a called in order?  After her spiel about the length of time, I explain to her that we are missing a smoothie. With no apology she very defensively tells me that not only did I not order the other smoothie but, I didn't pay for the other smoothie and that she can show me the receipt to prove it; WHOA!!!!! A simple sorry I didn't hear that part of your order would you like me to make that now would have been fine, instead she has an attitude like I am trying to rip her off. All I know is we were first and last time customers and I will tell everybody about our horrible experience there.  The food may be healthy but the attitudes of the employees (and I sure hope they weren't the owners) need a good spiritual cleansing!
We love this place! The acai bowls they make are kind of like smoothies with some other stuff mixed in, but they make you feel so good because they are naturally sweetened -- without any sugar. Very healthy and very tasty.
OMG this was unbelievably tasty and uber healthy.

Its like a smoothie in a bowl but BETTER.

I tried the Original by the servers recommendation. Good choice!
Acai, strawberries, blueberries all mixed up topped with granola and bananas and drizzled with honey.
No added ice or sugar.
So so tasty and refreshing.
Kinda wish I'd ordered the large!
Thrive! has been on my to-do list for many moons... after all, it's the only place to get an acai bowl within an hour of Scottsdale. I finally made it down to Gilbert this morning, and now I hate myself for not discovering the glory of Thrive sooner (but really, I love myself, because I just had a giant acai bowl and am feelin' fine).

My favorite thing about Thrive is the ingredient selection, which tops anywhere I've been in California. They even beat out Sambazon's Acai Cafe, which is 100% build-your-own bowl style. Yes, there's a menu, but many a secret ingredient hides in the kitchen, including super foods like cacao nibs, goji berries, spirulina, maca powder, hemp and chia seeds. Other highlights include homemade nut butters, protein powders, all kinds of berries and tropical fruit, and hemp-flax or gluten-free granola.

I'm too excited by any restaurant's build-your-own option to order a set menu item, and given the myriad possibilities laid out before me... I knew the original bowl wasn't going to cut it. I made my own acai blend (spirulina, cacao nibs, chocolate protein powder, banana, and walnut butter) and topped it off hemp-flax granola, walnuts, and chocolate shavings. AY. DIOS. MIO. Too delicious for English words... and five hours later, I'm still full.

The owner was even sweet enough to let us try free samples of the tropical, chocolate peanut butter, and chocolate coconut bowls... which were unsurprisingly scrumptious. Overall, I'm left with these two thoughts: 1) Even if Thrive is 25 minutes away, I've got plans to fill out my punch card and get a 10th bowl free before the end of the month, and 2) Why is there only one of these? Time to start replacing Scottsdale's 473 crap-tastic FroYo places with acai cafes!
Delish! Healthy, refreshing, and unique. Gluten free granola is offered too :)
Had one of their large Tropical cups for the first time today. WOW. I am a picky easter  
and it was fantastic Will be taking the family back soon!
After an incredibly long day I decided to stop by this place on the way back home to try one of their 'meal-replacement' sized frozen treats.

  Chocolate coconut - XL ($10). Tasted just as I had imagined... Very flavorful and satisfyingly smooth and cold.. Could qualify for a light meal replacement, though I could imagine getting add-ons like granola or oatmeal would enhance that.

  Will be back to try the peanut butter variety, thumbs up!
I was excited about this place because I am a huge acai fan. So, I go in (15 min ago) and there are 3 high school kids working there, 2 on laptops and 1 behind the counter. I wasn't greeted when entering and when I ordered the kids got up from their laptops without washing there hands or putting on gloves and made my acai bowl. Had I not paid I would have walked out. I can't tell you if the food was good because I threw it away. Thanks for the wasted $7. I would have prob came in a few times a week.
Very good healthy food and friendly staff.
I LOVE THRIVE!!!! They are my favorite place to go for a yummy treat. It tastes sinfully delicious but it's heavenly good for you! No added junk, just healthy delicious fruit pureed to a soft serve consistency with oats and honey for an extra treat! My favorite is the peanut butter! What kind are you going to try?
The best acai bowl I have ever eaten was at Protea Cafe in Hawaii. Of course, when you live in AZ... going to the Protea Cafe in HI is obviously not an option except for maybe once a year. Thrive is my local Protea Cafe. This place is great. The acai bowls are awesome and I love the different flavours they offer. Lets be honest, making your own acai bowl is not always ideal. All the ingredients you need make it expensive to make on your own and you'll land up not even enjoying it. Thrive offers great bowls at an even better price! If I could, I would eat here for lunch every. single. day. Just a fair warning... it will take a good 10 minutes for you to get your bowl, but well worth the wait! Plus I never mind when places take some time to make my meal because that means they're only making it when I order it! My mom is on her way right now to grab us some bowls. Try it... you won't be disappointed! :)
I love this place! My friends and I frequent here about once a week for the past few months. I have tried about half of the bowls on the menu and have gotten stuck on the passion fruit one. The service is good and the people are friendly. 

I absolutely recommend trying this place!
Guilt free dessert (meal) is here! Depending what size I get and the type, it has served as a meal replacement before, especially the peanut one. 

I've tried the Go Green and the Peanut Butter. Go Green was fruity and refreshing, just what I was looking for whereas on my second visit I decided to go nuts! :) So I ordered the Peanut Butter and though it was good, it was SO filling. It wasn't compelling to eat more than a few spoonfuls in one sitting. 

I'll be back for the Go Green or to try others. All in all the granola, acai blend and fresh fruit is pimp.
Really good smoothies and Acai bowls. The downside is its almost impossible to go there on a break, they take forever!!!

Changed this from a 3 star to a 4 because i thought about it and the owner lady was very nice and doesn't deserve less.
This place is awesome!! It taste very natural & very healthy. I tried the go green and my hubby had the original both were great.  Forget ice cream, I've found something better and healthier. Staff was very friendly!
Nice alternative to a smoothie.
I wish there was a place like this in Denver where I live, but when I'm in Mesa I have every intention of stopping here, I just don't always get time. I got the peanut butter bowl and it was really good. I was there about 3 weeks ago but from what I remember they had a decent selection of acai bowls of goodness. I remember peanut butter, banana, granola and whatever else was in it was so good. It's a somewhat healthy alternative when you want something sweet.
I used to come here all the time when they first opened. I then went away and attended BYU Hawaii, and if anyone has ever been to Hawaii, they know that acai bowls are everywhere! Since returning home, I totally forgot about Thrive! until a few weeks ago, and have been returning every week since. It's very yummy and I love the convenient location, but after trying a plethora of different acai bowl places in Hawaii, I might have turned into an "acai bowl snob." A couple suggestions I would have to make this place even better would be to have a sorbet option, where the acai main part is just a little thicker of a consistency. Also, I've had better granola in my acai bowl explorations. But overall, I've had an extremely positive experience every time I've been here, and it's definitely one of my favorite places here in G-town!
Wow... I was a skeptic, but now I'm a devotee. A coworker was always going here for lunch and inviting me, but I was sure that a blended bowl of fruit, veggies, grains and various ingredients wouldn't satisfy me til dinner. I was wrong!  I've had the peanut butter and the chocolate coconut a couple times and I am hooked.  There are a couple others that I look forward to trying in the coming months.  Definitely give it a try if you're in the area.  Sign up for their text message alerts for deals too!
Hubby brought this back for me for breakfast one morning on a recent trip to AZ. I only have my local Vitality Bowls to compare this to, but this was good. I didn't go to the store, so can't comment on that, but hubby called me to ask if I wanted Small, Medium, Large, or Extra Large bowl and I asked for medium telling him I wanted something equivalent to the Small here at Vitality Bowls. The medium from this place was even smaller and more expensive, so they lose a star for that. However, the acai base was more flavorful than the local joint here, so score on that! I love acai bowls so this place is a great place to get healthy food and I will go back again when in the area.
Wow!! Thrive? Disappointing. The bowl was delicious but the customer service and the 30 min wait to get a smoothie! That just to much for me. I could of went to Jamba Juice and been home by now. I get that you had a bunch of orders but you need to let people know before they order that it will take that long or my solution-( Higher another person). Time is money. So i guess order for pick up if you must but there is just to many options to bother.
one word: delicious!
I have been here a few times and have had different experiences each time. Once I came and there was some sort of meeting going on in the back. I have never been at a job where the business meetings were not in a private room and it was a little uncomfortable. Overall, the atmosphere of the workers is a little too laid back for me. Maybe a uniform of some sort would help. Food is good, I love the chocolate peanut butter bowl! However, it is VERY expensive for what you get. I got two smalls today and paid eleven dollars!! Even coming from an old Starbucks employee, I think it's very overpriced. Good food though!
Thrive is a great little place to grab a healthy snack or go for an all fruit inspired lunch.  All of their menu items taste great and are also very appealing visually.  They use a lot of fresh ingredients and everything is fruit and acai based.  I have tried almost every bowl on the menu and I have yet to find one that I dislike (The raspberry is a little tart, but I think that almost makes it better!).  I haven't tried many of their smoothies, but they all sound great.  They have a lot of options in case you don't like the ingredients or have food intolerance issues (think glutten-free granola here).  The staff is always super nice and warm towards anyone who comes through the doors, even when they are crazy busy.  They are really good at accommodating phone orders and do a good job in paying attention to large orders, like when our whole office decides to call in at once.  Their gift cards are a great little treat to give and receive.   

I only have two reasons for it not getting a perfect five stars: 

1. Since they opened the Tempe location and have updated their menus, you get quite a bit less acai blended goodness per bowl and they have instead added a lot of "fluff" to the top in the way of extra granola and fresh toppings.  Personally, I liked it better before when they offered more substance than just a scoop of granola and a few banana slices.  

2.  I think it's a little pricey for what you get.  A medium sized bowl averages around $8 .  These are all items that can be easily re-created at home for a fraction, but, I guess you pay for convenience and a clean kitchen. 

Definitely a place I know I will go back to time and time again though.  It's a healthy alternative to all the junky fast food joints that are in the area.
This is literally my favorite place to eat in all of Arizona! The bowls and smoothies are awesome, and the staff is great! I come here probably twice a week for lunch or post workout. I love them all, and usually get the oatmeal on the bottom of the bowl, so delicious! Great for anyone with gluten or dairy allergies too! Just ask for gluten free granola if thats what you need!
The kids and I tried this place for the first time.  We were excited to have a healthy smoothie alternative to Jamba close by.  My first thought walking in was that they didn't have the ingredients listed for the smoothies up on the menu board.  I found a paper menu but that didn't have them either.  I don't need a nutritional breakdown, but all the other smoothie places at least tell you what type of fruit, juice, if there's ice or yogurt, etc.  We asked about several smoothies and they listed the ingredients for us.  We chose our three and then waited.  And waited.  And waited.  I found it strange that they make their smoothies in the back room where you can't see them.  I like how Jamba, Inta Juice, Juice it Up, and most other smoothie shops all make theirs out front so you can see the ingredients and the progress.  There was no one ahead of us in line so it was strange that it took so long.  After 10-15 minutes, they brought them out.

We left and as we all started drinking them, the taste was okay.  I've had many acai smoothies from different places and made them at home and I noticed that the distinct acai flavor was not there.  But since I had a green smoothie, I figured it might have been the veggies disguising it.  But I couldn't really taste those either.  I did however taste LOTS of banana.  They did not list banana when we asked them about the smoothies so I was not happy about that since I don't like banana and would have left that out.  We were already about 10 minutes into our next errand by the time I asked the kids about theirs.  They both said they tasted like banana rather than the flavor they ordered and sure enough, it was a mild fruit flavor with lots of banana taste.  We weren't told about the banana in the kids' smoothies either.  It actually made me wonder what else they added that they didn't tell me about.

I drank mine and the kids drank most of theirs, mostly because we were hungry and paid so much for them.  My large which was smaller than the medium at all the other smoothie places, was $8 and the kids mediums which might be the same as a small (16 oz) at other smoothie places were almost $6 each.  

We wanted to love this place because we are fans of healthy smoothies and frequent many different smoothies shops around Arizona and California but between the cost, the slow service, and the just-okay taste, we probably won't be back.  I'm sure the acai bowls are good but looking at the high cost for the sizes they offer, it's probably not going to bring us back in.  Sorry Thrive.  Great concept but not so great execution.
The bowls are very delicious and refreshing. Plus, I don't feel bad about myself afterwards like I do when I eat ice cream.
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.  getting the acai bowls for breakfast is a little early for me to eat something that cold.  

I could see as a lunch option would be perfect on the weekend when you aren't in a hurry because its definitely worth savoring.  

I absolutely love the granola and would take granola and bananas as a topping on these acai bowls any day.

So yummy!
THRIVE IS AMAZING!!! The only complaint I have is the price but I will still pay it. It's not enough to prevent me from going, just from going more often. I'm only 18 so I don't always have $8 to spend on an acai bowl but I still love it. It's so healthy and I feel so refreshed after eating there. The fruit is all fresh and such great quality. 

I'm a little disappointed to see people on here comparing it to Jamba Juice. This isn't jamba juice. If you want a jamba juice, then go to jamba juice. Jamba is a chain, this is not. Everything at jamba is frozen and you can in my opinion just taste preservatives in it. Thrive is fresh and tastes fresh. 

And yes when everything is fresh you can wait an extra 5 minutes for them to make it I mean come on!! And I love that they put the blenders in the back room I can't stand how Jamba has them out there its too loud and hurts everyones ears! 

This is such a great alternative to froyo and stuff like that. I truly think these types of places are going to get more and more popular. Thrive rocks especially if you love being healthy :)
For a healthier, light lunch, Thrive's acai bowls are a good option for something refreshing and cool in the hot heat of summer. This location is larger than the Tempe one, with more tables for people to sit down and enjoy their bowl or smoothie. I've had every bowl, and my favorites so far are the chocolate walnut, tropical, and cherry.
I'm an acai convert! My gym and work are right next to Thrive, but I never considered eating there until I saw some rave reviews from fellow Yelpers. I'm so thankful I tried Thrive out because it's a wonderful work lunch option for me.

Yes, the bowls might seem expensive for $8-10 each, but I stay full for at least 4 hours after eating one. I usually get a medium with one or two extra toppings like cacao nibs or goji berries.  The granola they use is very good, and I love how it pairs with the tart acai base. The chocolate walnut bowl is my favorite, but I plan on trying them all.

Service has been friendly and quick. One young woman was even conscientious enough to follow me outside to make sure my order was correct (it was).

 The only thing I haven't been happy with is the use of frozen fruit (e.g. pineapple, cherries). I'd rather those bowls be taken off the menu if the fresh fruit isn't available.

I'd also like it if the nutrition information available at the counter was also posted on the website. I'm sure many people would find that useful.
Ok... Let's be honest, it's a desert. If you're like my fiance, then you think that because it has 3 leaves of spinach and some acai in it, then it's a "healthy meal"... I disagree. It may be naturally occurring sugar but it's got lots of it. Topped with honey and granola. Yum, yes. Healthy, debatable.

Also, the prices are way too high, and the wait was ridiculous. I really thought it was delicious (Go Green Bowl) but I don't think I'll pay or wait for it again. Sorry! Not super impressed.
We showed up at 8:56pm and they close at 9pm... They were very nice and still served us.  It was a great late night treat. The employees were really nice and did not make it a big deal when we ordered just before closing.  It's something I would recommend nothing to compare it too.  Really good healthy treat.
Good stuff! Seems to be relatively healthy. Great snack  before or after the gym. 4 stars because of inconsistency in the bowls. Ex. Sometimes you get honey, sometimes you don't.
Wait was ridiculous and the the menu doesn't tell you what is in the smoothie, which I think is very odd for a "healthy" breakfast option. The greens smoothie was so sweet it was almost unbearable. My mom ordered one of the acia bowls, which is basically Sorbet ice cream and some fruit. I questioned the waitstaff on the amount of sugar in their products and we were told that there was no added sugars.... which we later found out that she meant there is stevia added to everything. The amount of sweeteners in the menu items is out of control and needs to be toned down. I would not classify anything on their menu as healthy. Thrive Should be listed as a dessert stop.
Ps frozen fruit is not live and raw....
Eh. Not really understanding all the amazing reviews. 

Me and the Hubby ordered bowls. They were ok. Nothing special. We have had our fair share in Hawaii. 

I didn't like the store set up. Making the bowls in the back? Weird. Plus the store was filthy! Fruit smeared on a chair, dirty tables, even the kid that helped us his apron was so dirty. Yuck! 

I probably won't ever go back, it was expensive and just so so. The amount of dirty just turned me off.
I love these bowls!  They are delicious and a pretty healthy alternative to ice cream.  I wish I could go more.  They're a little expensive, but I can understand when you look at all the ingredients and the time it takes to make each one.  

If you go when there are a few people ahead of you, it might be easier to come back because they do get behind really quickly.  I'm glad they make them in the little closet room with the window because it's loud in there.

The decor is decent in the front, though there are times when the tables or chairs needed wiping down but everyone's in back working hard.  The back of the store is not really well defined with boxes of ingredients and supplements.

Once, my daughter found a long blonde hair in her bowl and it grossed her out.  I think it's because of the frenzy in the blender room.  Maybe hairnets are necessary?
Definitely a fan! Ordered the Original Bowl and it was delicious! However, the wait was incredibly long for one bowl!
Yummy! My wife loves this place. I think it's a good snack. I'd probably get the free oatmeal next time to make it better.
This place is my go-to place for smoothies.  Way better and healthier (tastier too in my humble opinion) than Jamba Juice!!  Even though they're known for their acai bowls, I'm so obsessed with their smoothies that I have yet to try one...but I plan to someday.  Family owned, clean and cute inside.

Definitely try the Mango Passion and Tropical smoothies!  Really flavorful and loaded with antioxidants too.  Smoothies come in 3 sizes--kids, medium, and large with a huge straw that looks like it could suck up a small child.  ;)  Also make sure to get one of their rewards punch cards because your (my) acai addiction can get expensive!
Ok, so I finally tried their acai bowls and they're AMAZING as well!  I especially love the Strawberry Passion, Go Green, and Raspberry Pecan!
All the bowls r great. You gotta be patient tho cuz it does take a little while to get your food. I recommend calling before so by the time you get there it's a short wait. But everything they have is pretty awesome.
Decent Acai bowl at a reasonable price. Very minimalist decor.  Somewhat of a wait for our stuff.
I went to Thrive today expecting great things! I had tried an acai bowl in California and it was so good! I was excited to find out there was somewhere near my house that had acai bowls!

When I got to Thrive I ordered a small original bowl, which was $4.50. I then sat down at a table to wait for my order, thinking it would take 5-8minutes to get the small bowl prepared. Well, I ended up waiting 25+ minutes for my small bowl. Ridiculous. There were 4 people working there (at least that I saw) and 2 others in the place waiting for their orders. Why would it take so long to prepare a simple, small acai bowl?!? I have the feeling that the people working at Thrive care more about laughing and talking with their friends in the back (where they prepare the bowls) than actually helping the customers. The employees were not rude or mean but they were definitely not very friendly. 

The bowl itself was nothing spectacular. It was just ok. There were 2 pieces of strawberries and 2 pieces of sliced banana and some granola on the top of the acai. I'm not sure it was worth $4.50. Definitely not worth the 25 minute wait. I will not be retuning to Thrive anytime soon... :(
I had heard of this place from a friend but hadn't made it over since it is not close to my home. I went today for lunch & it was fantastic! I was initially concerned it wouldn't be enough food for a whole meal but it really was. 

They have a choice of 10-15 different acai bowls, which is what i was interested in. They also have smoothies. You pick a bowl flavor but can also upgrade & add a variety  of extras- like nut butter, protein powder, hemp seeds, etc. the bottom half of the bowl is the thick acai smoothie part, & the top has granola, fruit & other goodies!

I got the chocolate coconut bowl which came with almond butter & chocolate pea protein so i didn't need to do a protein ad in. The top had granola, strawberries, bananas, coconut. It was so fantastic! I loved every bite!

I hope they expand & put a location in south chandler or gilbert. I would go several times a week! But even at a 25 minute drive i will be back!
My aunt recommended this place to me. She does no sugar so this was a great SUGAR-FREE dessert. When I finally got around to trying it I was blown away!! It was absolutely amazing. It was sweet, cold, and healthy! The reason in have only given Thrive four stars is because of 1. The wait time, I usually end up waiting at least 15-40 minutes for my order  2. They have been known to make mistakes, they've gotten both my order and my aunt's order wrong before 3. It's not cheap 4. The close at 9 pm even on the weekends, which means they stop blending at 8:50. I can't express how many times I have wanted to satisfy my sweet tooth late at night (especially on the weekends) but they were already closed!! 

Overall I love Thrive and I will most likely ALWAYS be a loyal, adoring customer. I go there more frequently than I clean my kitchen...and that saying something
Usually these cups are filled to the top.....I am extremely pissed that I was cheated of the proper amount of delicious thrive. I am a valued and frequent customer. I bought FOUR and they were all like this. Unacceptable.
If the acai bowls were cheaper we would go every day, but they are a bit pricey so we reserve them for the occasional, healthy treat.  Seriously all these bowls are delicious and they reek of goodness and good health. 

If ya have a group or you plan to order more than a few it would be wise to call far enough ahead to allow the folks time to make them.  It seems they are a bit prep intensive.

Haven't tried the smoothies, still can't get by the bowls.

Four stars because of the price and the time it takes to make them, but still Thrive is a great place and we're regulars.
Go here! Get yourself an acai bowl. Thank me later!


Great service! Good prices (cheaper than most places in the valley).
The other reviews are pretty on-point: I got the Original bowl, medium sized. Strawberries, blueberries, granola and honey. It tasted fine and was refreshing, but nothing extraordinary. What really put me off was the service, as others have mentioned. I understand high school kids aren't always on their game when working a job like this - I've been there! But they moved slowly and seemed disinterested at best. I waited almost 30 minutes for my food and finally had to ask since my order had apparently gotten lost? An employee brought it out soon after I said something, but they seemed baffled that I was slightly displeased it had taken so long. I'd probably go back if I was in the vicinity but won't go out of my way again to make it back here.
Such an amazing treat! I will definitely be coming back here instead of going for an ice cream. I had the Raspberry Lime Acai bowl and it was delicious.
This place is run by rude teenagers. The orders take FOREVER, the smoothies aren't very good and if they get your order wrong, they argue with you about what you ordered. Avoid this place!
I am addicted to this stuff. I've tried many of the acai bowls and loved each one. It's just fresh and yummy. Really quite filling with the granola on top. I've had them for meals sometimes. The small bowl is enough to make me full but if you want to try it at a meal, I'd bump it up to medium. Large is way too much for one person!
This is one of my family's favorite places to grab lunch, breakfast, or a healthy snack after the gym.  We were first told about Thrive! Acai Bowls and Smoothies by some friends and decided to check it out.  Well, I can clearly see why people will wait or line up for these frozen treats- they are absolutely delicious!  Even if you aren't a "health- nut" or more of an icecream person, I would be surprised if you didn't think their Acai bowls weren't amazing also!  My wife is obsessed with the Raspberry Pecan with Hemp Protien and our little 2 year old loves the original.  It's nice that they also offer so many different sizes and variations on the current menu classics.  The only downside is that we don't have a location across the street from our house because we seem to crave them every day.  For anyone out there who wants to try something new, and healthy check this place out!  They have seats inside and an outdoor patio also.  We love this place!
The Acai bowls here are absolutely delicious- the healthy part is a big plus! I'm usually more of a carnivore, but the bowls here taste great. It can take some time to make the bowls, so I would always recommend calling ahead on your way in. The flavors are all excellent, and I'm a big fan of the original, go green, and peanut butter (my favorite) flavors.

If you haven't tried one yet, you should give it a chance!
Super yummy but super expensive!!!   I went for brunch and am still hungry after my awesome peanut butter bowl!
I had the vegan pizza and tofu fries here today.  I also tried an almond joy veggiechino.  It was AMAZING.  This is my new go-to health food joint!
My new spot for delicious low carb meals and smoothies! I'm so glad they are finally open and conveniently located next to my gym. This is what they are giving us:

Vegan/Vegetarians- Tofu fries, hummus, veggie burgers, smoothies, pizza, salads, soups etc. 

Gluten-free Groupies- For all the Crossfitters and others on the Gluten-free wagon they offer pizza crust, burger buns, etc. all Gluten-free! 

HCG Dieters- Yeah, all you crazy girls shooting yourself up with Lord knows what Greens and Proteins offers a meal replacement shake for you!

Low-carb Heads- Yes, I'm one. For us, they can make any sandwich into a wrap. 

For everyone and their moms- They have a design your own meal option. Choose the protein (grilled, steamed or sauted) which includes low fat Ostrich, Bison, turkey, etc. Next you choose your veggie which range from asparagus, spinach, broccoli, etc. Next you choose grains- mashed sweet potatoes, cous cous, brown rice, low carb pasta, etc. Lastly you choose the sauce which is everything from peanut sauce, salad dressing to a pesto or bbq sauce. The combination choices are endless! 

The drink selection really turns me on. They offer several different unique smoothies and also some that combine healthy herbs and veggies with coffee I can't wait to try. The soda fountain has figure friendly Coke Zero, Light Lemonade and Sprite Zero. This is unheard of to have all of them! 

Next time you want to get your healthy on EAT HERE. Your body will thank me.
Came here after a reflexology session and I feel like my relaxation was extended! Had a smoothie and the grilled buffalo chicken strips. They were amazing. The smoothie was delicious! All of their food is healthy and from what I can tell, tasty! Will definitely be trying this place again! Thank you for bringing a clean "fast" food establishment to Vegas!
I love this place!  I stopped in today after a 90 minute bootcamp and grabbed a green smoothie - it was delicious and I love going somewhere where everything on the menu is yummy and good for you!  I will be back over and over again !!!!
Best thing here is the ginger something limeade (sorry forgot the name). I have gone there just about everyday to get a serving of this stuff. The first time I walked in, the workers were very nice and accomodating. My friend had the bison burger and I had the vegan pizza. Both were awesome of course. The tofu fries were what were really good. I had a watermelon smoothie at first but it just tasted like watered-down watermelon, if that's even possible. I ended up tasting my friends limeade and totally decided to buy another smoothie because that one was worth it. I talked to the owners and they were saying how they won't do wheat grass shots because their goal is to utilize every aspect of every vegetable and fruit. For example, they will emulsify an entire lime just to get the taste and nutrition from it. This is why some smoothies mention having the pit of the avocado. They literally put that stuff in a powerful blender and break it down until it's a liquid. Genius. This is the place to go if you have a friend that's vegetarian or vegan but you're a complete carnivore. The best of both worlds.
I dig the place I really do. I mean where else can you finally go with your health food waiting in the wings for you (mmm wings, damn eating healthy). Everything you need is here if you're trying to slim down, following Paleo, like eating healthy, or are in to getting more than just the typical bland smoothie. The setup is clean, the service is nothing short of excellent and I will definitely be going back. The only reason I couldn't give it five stars is because the portion sizes are always inconsistent. One visit I'll get a perfectly sized chicken breast or bison meat, the next time the meat is barely enough to qualify as a snack for a five year old at recess. Some type of uniformity here so I know whether to order extra meat or not would help.

Regardless, the shakes are good and the food is delicious.  And the place is really a 4.5 it's just that this place has to be scored on a scale. When I eat at some places I think wow this food is amazing because A) the process to make was long and complex so I needed someone else to just make it B) it would be hard to find those ingredients to make it or C) it's something new that I have no idea how to make. This place doesn't apply to either of those criteria, its basic and you can make it yourself if you have the time and its going to taste exactly how you think its going to taste. (Chicken, asparagus and couscous - there's no surprise here you know what it's going to taste like but hey its good and if you want to stray away from basic the wraps and hamburger will do the trick). BUT this is not a knock on the place because I will be here every week attempting to counter the fried cheese bacon dough thingamajig I will probably have every weekend. And their juices and smoothies are actually different from what you'll find around town and actually have me feeling better after I down one so even if you hate eating healthy, their juice and smoothies are still worth the trip.
We stopped in today to have a nice lunch since a week in Vegas never really lends to healthy eating.  The decor and atmosphere of the place was quite nice.  I had a buffalo strip meal and my wife had the Asian chicken wrap on lettuce.  She really enjoyed the wrap but the buffalo strips were extremely small in portion and did not have much seasoning.  The price was extremely high for the amount of food that was given.  All and all, a nice place for a quick and healthy lunch.
Food was good but tiny tiny portions. It was like 10 bucks for a small chicken breast, rice and greens. I would go back cause its healthy and right next to the gym in the same shopping center. I will try a bison burger next time. They just opened but so far so good
Margarita pizza  was like out of a box from grocery sauce. The tofu fries tasted weird . The hummus was not authentic . The smoothies were watered down all I can taste was the powder or syrup they used to blended . The chicken breast that my sister got was sooo small it looked like it was for a 6 year old child not an adult. It was very over priced for juice bar food we spend almost $50 for the both if us for lunch&  the funny thing we were still hungry the portion are really small. We really want it to like this new place, but it's not for us.
Just spent 24.00 here on a small pizza and tuna salad made from can tuna  cafeteria food at best. They gave my salad away to someone else while my pizza died a slow death sitting on the counter for 20 minutes. Then to get a 13.00  tuna salad made from the can.  Don't waste your money or time on this place. I'm a local and try to support local business, very disappointed. Ambience is great but I can't eat Ambience. I'm there for the food.
good fresh food.  they lost a star cause i ordered the grilled veggie pizza but they gave me a greek pizza which they told me was the grilled veggie.  (sorry but the feta and olives weren't supposed to be on it then)  but either way it was super tasty so I didn't mind.  Everything seemed really fresh and was quite tasty.
Have been here a few times right when it opened, so maybe my opinion isn't the best one to go off of.  Regardless, I had a couple different veggie smoothies, and I liked them both.  The Wellness Smoothie is just what the doctor ordered, and then I had a one time creation from Shane, with watermelon rind in it, which I also loved.  I haven't tried the food yet, but am actually excited to see what they have to offer.  This is a great place if you are looking to add some fiber to your juice routine, which sometimes, I am!
I was skeptical before coming here today but I was extremely presently surprised!!  My party ordered a few items and shared -- the hummus appetizer, greek pizza, bison burger with jicama fries, a veggie wrap and apple pie smoothie.  We were very happy and satisfied! The service was fast, attentive, the quality was great and the food was cooked just as specified. I'll be coming back soon!
I had the chicken sausage pizza and it was excellent. I see other reviews not liking the portion size. I on the other hand thought it was just right. If I want a piece of cardboard with imitation cheese and sausage made out of who knows what for 10 bucks there's plenty of options. I'm a firm believer in you get what you pay for. I'm on a quasi macrobiotic diet so it has plenty of options for me. The layout is very clean and the service was prompt. I'll be back for more.
A quick stop over at Greens and Proteins left my stomach smiling, without feeling the need to rock the elastic sweatpants around the gut afterward.

One highlight of the menu here is the option to build your meal to your specs, starting with your greens, protein, grains, and choice of sauce - All of the components for a full and balanced meal, with you knowing everything that went into it.

For my order, I went with a vegan burger, topped with avocado (costs extra), and a side of tofu fries. The burger was delicious and flavored to perfection. The baked tofu fries were insanely good too. I left the restaurant wishing that more places offered this as a side. Don't fret, carnivores. There are plenty of great meat options for you too.

If you're looking for a casual stop for a bite to eat, without the worry of having to loosen your belt a few notches after. Greens and Proteins is the right place to be. I just wish there were more places like this around the valley for the more health conscious eater.
I went back to the restaurant to give it another chance , this time I went there with my boyfriend the service was great and the food this time was EXCELLENT I loved my salad & my boyfriend loved the burger & the humus we will absolutely come back yum.
This was my fourth time at greens and proteins this morning and everything always been amazing,
So good even, my bf and i even went there 3 mornings in the row for their amazing smoothies and shakes.
They are very healthy with a lot of veggies hidden in them but they taste so good and decadent. Way better than the whole food smoothies.

We also ate lunch there once and everything was outstanding.

Plus they have an amazingly refreshing complimentary cucumber/lemon water!

They offer a great choice of diet drink and freshly brewed iced teas.

The place is very clean and spacious, 

Everything is made fresh to order.

This is the list of what we had so far:

-chocolate banana avocado peanut shake (taste so decadent)
-apple pie shake (the spices are a very nice touch)
-banana split tofu smoothie (taste like the real thing!)
-green leaf berry blast smoothie (just a very good berry smoothie)
-green shake (very good balance of flavors)
-green ginger limeade (very refreshing)

(Thanks for the stamp card! Buy ten shakes get one free!)

-margharita pizza with fresh basil and low fat mozzarella (so yummy)
-seared ahi Tina combo with steamed spinach, quinoa and lemon dressing (perfect)

I can't wait to go back there tonight for dinner!
What an interesting place!  The feel of the restaurant is young and hip and the vibrant green of the decor makes the place feel fun and eclectic.  This is my first time here even though I often go next door and hit up Starbucks.  The menu is rather large and it will take you minute to read everything over.  They are gluten-free, vegan, vegetarian, and low-carb friendly place that offers a nice selection of soups, salads, burgers, 9" pizzas, smoothies, sandwiches/wraps and a choice to even create your own meal.  After pondering what to eat I decided on a burger.  What is more classic than a burger and if they could make it right then I would be encouraged to try more off the menu. 

I ordered the buffalo burger done to a medium (they also have ostrich which I have never had) and tofu fries.  There is also an option for the jicama fries.  I was told the jicama fries are fry-shaped pieces of jicama tossed in a dressing.  I shied away from the jicama because I have not had it before personally but I did hear they are good.  The tofu fries are firm tofu tossed in rice flow and fried.  They are delicious!  The burger can come on a wheat or gluten-free bun or as a wrap. I chose the wheat bun and got Swiss cheese on my burger.  The burger itself is massive stacked with a thick patty, lettuce, tomato and onion!  I can barely fit it in my mouth!  The bread to meat ratio for the burger is perfect.  I took a bite and the burger is done exactly right (medium), juicy and tender.  

For my buffalo burger, tofu fries, pickle and a soda cost me a little over $14 including tax.  A good price for a nice buffalo burger.  Also their soda machine dispenses small ice pellets.  This is an important point to make for my fellow ice munchers! 

The place is WiFi ready but you will have to ask for the passkey to access the network. When I asked the staff about power access they did not know but I was able to speak to Jeff, one of the owners, and he was able to show me where to plug in.  For those needing a place to work there are a TON of plugs (long power strips) under the bench along the back wall of the restaurant. Just a little looking and you will see them.       

If you are looking for a nice place to grab a healthy bite to eat (even with your GF, Vegan or Uber-health conscious friends)  then look no further than the Greens and Proteins!
Greens and proteins still a major 5 stars!!!

The angus burger with tofu fries was amazing, huge high quality patie, amazing whole wheat bun, fresh crisp veggies, gourmet cheese... just a very very good burger at a very good price! The tofu fries were a very nice touch, perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and silky on the inside with a very good seasoning.

The Greek pizza on pita bread is such an amazing combination of Mediterranean flavors, all the ingredients are sooo fresh and work exceptionally well together, a must try!!!

The watermelon and strawberry juice was outstanding, deliciously refreshing with just a touch of agave nectar to enhance the delicious natural flavors! Yum!

Greens and proteins is THE place if ou want to eat delicious and healthy, freshly made to order meals at a very friendly price.

Number 1 place in henderson for healthy dining packed with flavors!
Bison Cheese Wrap - splurging wihtout feeling guilt and I'm all for it.  Tofu fries are a bit bleh but at least I won't feel guilty chomping down fries.  The place is pretty cool and defintely has a lot of options.  A bit pricey but well worth it.

Quick tip - don't get a Caesar salad, not that special and you can get that at quiznos and it would taste the same.
I'm still in love with this place!  I have now tried quite a few things on the menu, and I have never been disappointed.  Two years ago, I lost 150 pounds and I am maintaining that loss.  It's hard to find places to eat out that support my goals, but Greens and Proteins gives me lots of options.  Instead of just choosing a boring salad anywhere else, I can eat anything on the menu and not feel guilty afterwards.
This place is really cute.  Bright fresh colors, and bright fresh food.  There are nice gurgling waterfalls cascading down the back walls; however, they are unfortunately masked by the football blaring on the t.v.s?!

Regardless, I had a smoothie.  My smoothie was a whopping $8.00!  I understand the price because it had everything and the kitchen sink blended into it: squash, kale, avocado, berries, almond milk and so on.  You would definitely want to consider these smoothies a meal replacement.  That said, it was extremely tasty.  Just be ready to pay!

Everyone I dined with was pleased with their food.  They said it was flavorful and fresh.  

A good place for a light lunch or a post workout refresher.
After eating at G and P, I had to come back here and check that my memory was correct, and I really had read glowing reviews. Unfortunately, I can't agree. Way too much salt ruined a salad that was totally uninspired, hummus pretty ordinary, turkey burger a bit gray. Service slow and 3 food items came out at different times for two people sharing. And I got news for you yelpers, if you deep fry tofu, it's no longer healthy! So I guess it's about expectations, but this place did not meet my expectations of what a vegan/vegetarian friendly restaurant would offer.
Very impressed by the quality, taste, and portion size of their Bison wrap sandwich. (Excited to try the Ostrich wrap next time.) The Tofu Fries were a fun and tasty alternative to french fried potatoes. Again, really generous portion. Every juice and smoothie I've had has been really good - I would suggest asking the juice-maker on staff which one she/he recommends based on your likes and dislikes. They will suggest one and dial it in for you. 

The food may be a dollar or two more than a comparable cafe-style restaurant, but you truly get it back in terms of portion size and quality. It takes one visit to realize this.

And, the staff actually looks healthy here. That says a lot!

Wish I lived closer. Will definitely eat here next time I'm at Eastern/215 for the Cars & Coffee car meetup on Saturdays.

FYI, there seem to be 'green' health cafe imitators popping up around the Valley. Try Greens and Proteins first - this place is the real deal. Greens and Proteins reminds me of R Thomas in Atlanta (a 24hr health food cafe) and that is a compliment. 

Also, there is free Wi-fi here, and I noticed power outlets all along the back booths (like over 40 outlets in a row) so this would be a great alternative to a coffee shop if you need to hunker down and get some laptop work done.
So nice to have a place in the Vegas area that is consistently tasty and healthy! Love their salads.
With this new year, my resolution was to not let my love of food and trying new places be the reason for weight gain. Greens and Proteins was the perfect afternoon snack/meal for my in between spa, errands, and gym session. 

It would make sense that this health conscience business would be located in front of the LVAC. The  feel of the establishment is open and chill. The waterfall fountain and plants mounted to the wall gives the place some life.

Now, on to the food. I heard about this healthy pizza notion through a past Yelp event. Curious whether a good pizza could be delicious and low calorie, I stopped in for lunch. Although nothing struck my fancy at first, I ordered the Greek Pizza ($8.99) and sat down to wait for my food. I asked for a cup for water since I saw they had infused water for guests. A faint taste of cucumbers and lemon was refreshing after sweating it out in a hotbed. When my food came out, I was doubting my decision. The crust looked cracker like. After a bite, it was not a disappointment. The thin slices of cucumbers contrasted well with the tomatoes. While the feta and kalamata olives gave bold flavors to an otherwise mellow pie. My pizza was less than 400 calories and satisfying. Instead of leaving here stuffed, it was a nice change of pace. For those lighter days, I would suggest G&P. If I was ravenous, it would probably be a different story.
I'm always thrilled when a new vegan-friendly place opens, and G&P does not disappoint! I got to try out their vegan pizza and some of their smoothies at a yelp event, and loved them all!  The peanut butter chocolate smoothie is crazy rich and sweet and would make a great dessert -- but it's still full of fruits and veggies! How do they do it?  I totally dug the vegan pizza - lavash crust with plenty of Daiya plus roasted peppers, kalamata olives and basil. 

I returned for a wellness shake (green veggies magically blended with ginger and other delicious items) that felt healthy but  tasted like a treat.

For lunch today, I tried the vegan burger with tofu fries.  I love these tofu fries!! They are actually more like vegan chikin fingers? nice-sized slabs of 'fu coated in a light batter, deep-fried and sprinkled w/ paprika.  I added a bit of salt and hot sauce, then they were perfect!  The burger comes on a whole wheat bun, but has no condiments.  They need some Vegenaise up in there, stat.  The burger was quite tasty and I left full and happy for ~$10 including tax and tip.

The juices are a bit pricy (~$7), but not so bad if you use them as a meal replacement.  Also you can check in on the Yelp app for iPhone and get $1 off juices and smoothies!

As a bonus for dine-in guests, they have DELICIOUS water. I'm not crazy! They make a sort of agua fresca with cucumbers and lemons, and it is damn good and so refreshing! Perfect for washing down your healthy items.
Had an issue and yelped about it previously. The owners fixed the problem immediately and were super friendly.  I LOVED the gluten free vegan pizza, hard to find and it was delish. Place was spotless and relaxing. YUM.
For once I was not feeling guilty about eating out. They have a good selection and really live up to their name. 

I had the california chicken wrap and chose a lettuce wrap instead of wheat. The dipping sauce it came with was very good. I do think that the wrap could have been seasoned better. For the side, the choice was between tofu fries and jicama sticks. I chose the tofu fries and quite liked them. Also tasted the jicama a friend had chosen and it was good too.
And their water is infused with cucumber and lemon and is YUM!

Everyone liked their food. I believe the 'wellness' drink was great and tasted amazing.
Everything from salmon to greek pizza looked so healthy and tasted great.
One aspect I really enjoy about restaurants is when they are immaculately clean. Everything was spotless and organized. There are plenty of seats outside the patio if the weather is nice, & inside it's very spacious, with trendy tables, a nice wall backdrop with running water, & several televisions. Service is alright. Nothing going beyond the means of customer service & nothing that's bad either.

If you are anyone who is a raw foodie, don't expect this place to state it uses USDA Organic certified items just because it's named 'Greens and Proteins' (that's a question I'm going to ask the next time I'm in!) The menu is definitely a little more healthier than your fast-food alternatives, with wraps, pizza, sandwiches, salads, smoothies, juices, the works. The pricing was what got me, since I could get a green smoothie at Whole Foods for about .50 cents less than here (one that is a lot less sweeter). 

I purchased the vegetable wrap & the green smoothie, all of which came out to $20 (definitely not cheap, as most health-alternative restaurants aren't). I was pleasantly surprised how delicious the green smoothie turned out! While $7.50 is a little much, at the same time it was in a cup that was generous in size for its price. It was very sweet (from the agave nectar & stevia), nothing like the green smoothies from Whole Foods which are a little more on the less sweeter end. I was even more impressed by the vegetable wrap, for it was a filling size (had to take the other portion to-go) & it came with these tofu-like fries with seasoning & a dip sauce on the side that was amazing! 

Walking in, I was a little questionable about this place, even more so by the price, but after tasting it for myself, it's actually quite good here. I debated giving it three stars, but I was reminded by my green smoothie it's definitely a place I'd like to return to when I'm in the neighborhood craving a healthy alternative to other restaurants surrounding them!
Decided to try this spot for dinner after the gym last week. The "create your own" meal lets you select a protein, starch, veggie and sauce from a fairly extensive list. The food was well cooked, healthy (steamed, not fried...when applicable), and the sauce was fantastic. I love a menu with good vegan/vegetarian food and options! 

It was fairly priced, the staff was helpful and the place was clean. My only quasi-negative is they seem to be a little slow for takeout. However, this is probably them still getting up to speed. 

Nice plus = complementary water flavored with citrus and cucumber. It was a nice touch.
Love this place!! This is exactly what we need. Healthy fast food!!
All my reviews are of places that I have been many many times. Since I am only reviewing my top spots in Vegas I feel obligated to do so. My friends trust that if I review a place and it get's five stars it must be great. 

I have only been here a handful of times, but this by far is my favorite health food hangout now and will be checking in many times. You will see many campers with computers because it offers free wi/fi. I might start bring my laptop. 

What I love about this place; I can build my own meal for 10 bucks. I order either chicken breast or the Filet. The chicken breast is so juicy and seasoned nicely for about 8 bucks. Filet is cooked to order and is amazingly good for 15 bucks. Now each build your own meal comes with a generous portion of a veggie and a gain. I do the broccoli and brown rice. No sauce for me. But sauce is available.

Don't let me review fool you into thinking it is just builder your own meal. They have one of the best tasting health pizzas in town (i order the gluten free crust).  Honestly if someone can show me better I am up for the challenge.  

And of course the have the traditional health juices and wraps.

The coolest thing about this place is the water jug next to the soda fountain. Fresh Lemons and Cucumbers added to filter water. It is so good! Ask for a cup at check-out it is free. 

OK friends go and try this place and let me know what you think :-)
I freaking love this place ! Healthy food that TASTES good ? Yes please! 

My favorite drink is the "wellness drink". It costs a small fortune ($7.50), but is worth every penny because it's loaded with quality ingredients and tastes amazing. 

My favorite dinner is the bison philly cheese steak wrap! YUM. It's so cheesy and delicious and I love that it's made with bison instead of beef. The jicama fries are only so-so, and I don't do tofu so I would love to see them offer some more interesting sides, but I'm just being bratty..

The pizzas are yummy, low calorie, and relatively low carb. 

A place where vegans, and low carb carnivores can co-exist in happiness!
I come here sometimes after working out at the LVAC on 215 & Eastern. 

I really like their Bison w/ spinach wrap cheesesteak & grilled buffalo chicken strips. If you're not Into eating meat, their grilled veggie wrap is also quite flavorful. The raw jicama fries was my favorite. I also like their tofu fries too. They have really good veggie infused drinks.
 
I really like the clean, modern spacious look of the restaurant. The service is excellent. The guy at the counter was really friendly & was eager to help you decide on what to order. I love restaurants like this. They even have a stamp card for repeat customers. I will definitely be using it.
Had the custom meal and tried the chicken, asparagus and quinoa with the pine nut pesto. For all the pesto lovers the sauce was delicious!!! I also tried the watermelon and strawberry cocktail which was also great. Best part is that you can customize based on what you like. All in all great healthy place to try.
This place is aswome, great casual spot with really healthy and tasty food!  Great vibe--one of the proprietors, Jeff, even visited our table to see how we were doing and regaled us with interesting stories of his youth.
Recall. I once wrote that LVAC had the best smoothies in town. Granted, Greens and Proteins wasn't open at that time. But its smoothies are much, much better (and a few more dollars) than my old favorite. 

Greens and Proteins uses the real estate that LVAC fills with frozen yogurt and replaces it with fresh kale, grapes, almond milk, avocado, chia seeds, flax seed, agave nectar and collard greens. Can you imagine what these ingredients do for your bowels, Yelpers? They do magic. That's what they do. Magic.

The cucumber and lemon infused water washes away any bad feelings I could have had about the price. Other salves related to pricing: $1 check in offer on Yelp; buy 10 smoothies, get one free; the opportunity to earn the Carrot Top badge.

The flavor of the Green Ginger Limeade juice competes (and almost surpasses) the flavor of the smoothies, yet carries only 129 calories. Again, magic. 

As an aside, the bench seat is unusually soft. I could sit there for hours and work on free wi-fi. 

Word to my girls, Blair B. and Jen F., whose reviews attracted me to this lovely spot so close to my--still--favorite gym.
I saw this place by chance when I went to breakfast yesterday nearby, and the name -- and Yelp reviews -- convinced me I had to check it out.  My post-workout lunch today was amazing: I started with the Green Ginger Limeade, and then put together a build-your-own plate of turkey breast, kale, caramelized onions and a side of sweet potato mash.  The meal was lightly but perfectly seasoned; it didn't even need the balsamic reduction sauce (but that was pretty tasty, too).  I will definitely be back!
This place is good, I thought it was completely vegan but they did have some items on the menu with meat. The place was crowded, and they offered a lot of juices and blended drinks! We ordered the chocolate/vegetable drink, which was amazing. We also ordered the vegan pizza, veggie burger, and hummus & pita. The food was ok, kind of what we could order at whole foods. I prefer Veggie Grill in California for the food better.  It was really pricey too, for 2 drinks, 2 entrees, and an appetizer, it came out to $50.
I try to eat healthy, I do, so I checked out G&P to see if it lives up to the hype.  I had dinner here on Monday night with a vegan friend and it certainly has that SoCal, clean and green vibe going on.  The staff is super friendly and greeted us warmly as we perused the menu.  I'd already looked it up online prior to arriving and I just cannot believe their smoothies and wellness drinks cost so much!  You need a healthy wallet to drink healthy there!  Even with a Yelp check-in that gives you a $1 off, I still could not justify spending even $6.50 for a smoothie.  So, I went with the turkey club in a wheat wrap with tofu fries.  The wrap was great and the tofu fries were...interesting.  I just kept wishing they were real fries, but I did say I TRY to eat healthy.  My friend had the vegan pizza and she loved hers, but she also is a regular customer and has a much healthier wallet than I do.  I find it interesting that this joint which promotes health and wellness also advertises that it has an HCG-friendly menu--isn't HCG unsafe, illegal, and not approved by the FDA?  Anyway, overall, if you're vegan, vegetarian, or want to take a walk on the healthier side, come to Greens and Proteins.  They certainly live up to their name!
First time here definitely not the last time! It's the best vege food I've had since coming to LV!
I came here in the later afternoon to have a smoothie with some friends.  I've been here once before and had an OK experience.  Today was the same.  

Today I decided to just get the Loaded Antioxidant Chiller for $5.99.  It had green grapes, blueberries, beets, pomegranate, agave nectar and ice.  To me, it was a little too sour for my taste buds.  There were a lot of seeds and kind of got irritating after a while.  A friend of mine had the wellness drink so I tried that too.  I found that it was more of my "speed."  Lots of greens and grass, etc.  

What I really appreciate is that this place is clean.  The colors are simple and crisp.  Combined with the food, you just feel like your body and mind is cleansed when you're done.  If you're ever in the mood for a healthy meal, go and try this place out.
I am visiting from out of town.  I had heard about Greens and Proteins from friends.  I was very impressed with the decor, the staff was helpful and knowledgeable, and most importantly the food was fantastic.  I ordered a sample of items.  

I started with a green mixture called the Wellness Drink.  Considering the host of healthy ingredients, I was impressed how great the drink tasted.

The Thai Chicken Satay was cooked perfectly.  The peanut sauce an excellent compliment.  These skewers rivaled the best Thai restaurants!

My wife had the Teriyaki Chicken wrap.  The tofu fries are a must have.

I plan to go by for another sample tomorrow!!!
Healthy doesn't have to be Bland.....


Greens and Proteins is just waiting to explode into locations all over the place.  It is as marketable as a snow day when you're ten, and healthier than a visit to the gym (with less no-neck tools grunting too)

The interior is serene and beautiful, with waterfalls on the walls, grass-green accents around the room, and a few big screens; Greens and Proteins is a smoothie made of Whitman's Leaves of Grass poetry, modern chic, and conscious eating.  

Trying to stay on your diet plan for that summer body?  The items on the menu have their calorie count posted, so you can tell just how many miles it would take to burn off lunch.  If you don't care about that sort of thing, the food is still quite delicious.

I enjoyed the teriyaki chicken wrap w/ jicama "fries,"  and a smoothie that had pretty much everything in the garden in it.  I can't recall the name, but it was green and wonderful.  


I live pretty far from here, but luckily the nice woman at the register told me that a new location could be opening in Summerlin sometime soon.  In the meantime, I'll make the trek for something nourishing, tasty, and satisfying, it's certainly worth the drive.
Love that we have a place like this on MY side of town! Very delicious good food! My new spot! I like the vibe, though it was strange to hear country music on (and a little too loud outside) and at a good volume (inside). 

It's a really fascinating concept. Just wish they had bike racks (but, that might be more of a Vegas problem...) I'll definitely be back again!
Great menu choices, healthy ones at that! The Wellness Drink is the best greens drink I ever had but all of the drinks are great. The build-your-own with bison patty and spicy peanut sauce is my favorite but the seared ahi is also excellent.
The fact that this place has vegan options that are clearly marked (most restaurants have vegan options but they may not be obvious on the menu) makes this restaurant above average, but the high prices and odd menu (bison burger? gross!) bring it down a couple notches. 

Try the smoothies, they're great. The vegan pizza is good and the soup is delish! Garden burger is fine. What's really nice though is how the vegan-ness and calorie count are clearly displayed.

PS - Outdoor seating is available. They don't have any high chairs or small kid's portions so it's not particularly kid-friendly.
Ordered the Bison Burger to go. Definitely an interesting healthy menu I'd like to come try again, especially the Ostrich Burger, even though it's pretty heavy on your wallet, $14.99. But I heard ostrich is pricey.

Jicama fries that comes with the burgers are very interesting. Not french fries, far from it. It's more like seasoned radish slices. That's definitely a healthy substitute... definitely not as yummy as french fries. A+ for effort, though. Many items for people who are on that HCG diet, too.

Free Wi-Fi inside and the decor is very modern and hip. The place looked very clean and orderly. There were lots of take-out orders going out, so lots of people seem to like this place. Always a good sign...

I'll definitely come back here. I think you get a check-in discount on their smoothies, so I'll come back for those and more healthy eats!
The soup came out cold and it had nothing in it
My first Vegan restaurant and I absolutely fell in love. My friend and I decided to grab a quick bite for lunch before our workout session at LVAC (what a convenient location ti be healthy..). The vegetarian wrap with spanich tortilla was delicious, I liked how the veggies were hot as if they just came off of the grill. Tofu fries were fun, plump, and yummy; what a good alternative for fries. We also tried veggie-filled, colorful greek pizza with thin crusted doe. The atmosphere is casual, cafeteria style, perfect for a quick bite. They are open for breakfast, lunch, AND dinner! Staff was super friendly and VERY informative.
I love Greens and Proteins and if it were not so far away I would live here and never cook again.  They make juices the hide the herbaceous nature of veggies. They have Wifi so you can camp out here and it is a great meeting spot if you are on the Henderson side of town.  I also love their indoor garden.
This place is located near my house so it is a  plus having a place you can grab "fast food" when you're not feeling like cooking, and not having to worry about plaque building up in your arteries as you are consuming your oh so delicious lard. 

The place is located in a very high traffic plaza and it can get pretty packed during lunch. Inside of the restaurant is very well done. The interior has a very sleek, modern and clean look. The menu is fairly simple, and the calories are added next to each item on the menu (major bonus). The staff was fairly friendly albeit a bit rushed even though it was not very busy on that particular day. 

I opted for the Teriyaki Grilled Chicken wrap with a side of Jicama fries. Everything was very delicious.  The less calories conscious boyfriend opted for Turkey BLT wrap with tofu fries. The wrap was just ok. It needed some sort of a light sauce or marinade  to infuse the exceedingly dry turkey. This would be a forgivable,  if this wrap was not $10.99. He ended up finishing my wrap of which he was a huge fan. I absolutely LOVED the tofu fries. SO good! The lunch was not cheap, but that is expected at a place that serves healthier options, and by nature of the business incur higher direct and indirect costs. Also, by choosing this particular location to open shop, the business has found its niche. Let's hope for the best. I will be back for sure, just not sure when or how frequently.
The options are so good. I loved my green shake and my burger. Eating with out feeling guilty and doing my body good. What more can anyone say ?
This place has definitely lost a couple of stars.  If I wasn't a fan and didn't really, really wanna like this place, it would have lost even more.  I still appreciate what they do, but the quality is slippling. 

The last few visits have been a nightmare.  My fiance and I used to visit several times a week to get pizzas.  The last two times, the pizzas have been inedibly burned on the bottom.  One time, it took so long that we were given a complimentary drink.  The last time we visited, my fiance and I ordered the exact same thing but I got my pizza literally TWENTY MINUTES before he got his.  I really think they forgot to make it, because when I asked the person who brought me my food about it, he scrambled into the kitchen and the workers suddenly hopped-to.  There was nothing resembling an apology either.  Also, the last time I got a Wellness Drink (my favorite), it was still chunky and wouldn't fit through the straw.  Eww.  I didn't notice until I left or I would have sent it back.  The Wellness Drink is SOOOO expensive, but I don't really mind... that is, if the quality matches the price.

A note to the owners of this place (because I've talked to you and I KNOW you read this):  Just because you get busy doesn't mean you can let the quality become inconsistent.  It's great to have an increased sales volume, but customer loyalty is important too.  I haven't recommended this to a friend for a while because, frankly, I'm not sure if it's going to be a good G&P day or a bad G&P day anymore.

I haven't been to G&P for a while.  I'm not really itching to return anytime soon either.
This place has the potential to be good, however, they keep coming up short.  I agree with some other comments about the staff.  This place does not have a staff on the A game.  C to D at best.

To have trust and faith in a place, it really needs to start with the person taking the order to hit the right keys and input your order correctly.  It's not rocket science and no one is being rushed, so to get your order wrong is just a sign of incompetence.  

We have been here 3 times now and have had bad experiences.  The first bad experience was the wrong smoothies being made.  The second time, the smoothies were not made properly.  We got close to what we ordered, but the people just seem to be too inexperienced.  

Now the third time, they advertise to be HCG and Vegan friendly, however, the chef and owner are not Vegans, and have not read a Vegan cook book.  Hint, hint, maybe will help becoming more familiar with what you are advertising.  This place is still kind of new, but you should have a clue before you make a claim and advertise that you are friendly to people's needs.

Again, the order was put in wrong at the register which cause the entire experience to go nowhere but down, which is sad.  This place has a LOT OF POTENTIAL, as I said in the beginning and I would love to see this place succeed if the owners and chef have the ability to tighten up their ship and get things right.  With all the holes in their staff, which leads to bad experiences by customers, ships full of holes only go in be direction, down.....as of now, I cannot give this place any more then 2 stars.  We will probably give hem one last chance before we write them off completely, I just hope they stay in business long enough for this to happen.
Located in the Southeast corner of Las Vegas, but easily accessible via a short drive on highway 215 from Las Vegas Boulevard, Greens and Proteins offers fresh vegan and vegetarian meal options to the hungry health food masses of Las Vegas.  

Hipsters, the health conscious, aging hippies, Thunder From Down Under and Centerfold types, along with your average Joe lined up for smoothies, vegan pizzas and wraps on our visit.

Situated between, ironically enough, between a candy/bakery store and Starbucks, the counter staff was friendly and personable and all of the items ordered, including a vegan garden burger, hummus with pita, Thai ginger soup and tofu fries were well prepared.

For those ordering smoothie drinks, Greens and Proteins has a frequent visitor punch card.
Drive by this place all the time.. decided to check it out today!

I ordered take out for lunch for my husband and I. I asked the girl at the register what she recommended and/or the most popular dish, she didn't have much to say except asking me what I was hungry for..  I wanted to know what there top seller was, no answer. At that point another woman interjected and took over my order. 

For my husband, I ordered the Turkey Club as a wrap. For myself, I ordered the Grilled Vegetable wrap. I mentioned I eat a lot of grilled vegetable sandwiches, which she replied but you haven't had ours .... I did have it today, and will not be ordering it again. The wrap was soggy.. not much flavor to the vegetables that were not crunchy but overcooked. The beans were tasty along with the cilantro pesto, however there was only a dab or two put on it. 

For the sides, with a choice between tofu fries or jicama, I went with something different, tofu fries... different indeed.. I love tofu, but these were shaped like fish sticks and had the seasoning and taste of fish sticks you had as a child (not pleasant)
Next time, I'll go for the jicama. The woman that took my order, did say the sauce that you dip them in is good, and yes it was... I ended up putting it on my bland grilled veg. wrap. 

I also ordered the Thai Ginger soup, which I was told was made from scratch. 
It was flavorful, but could have used some salt to bring out the flavor more.. A little thick for a hot afternoon. 

I tasted my husbands Turkey Club and it was tasty. Maybe I'll order that the next time. 

The service was nice and friendly.. I will go back and give it another try... 
For a first time experience,  today's meal proved to me that if it good for you, then it doesn't taste good.
I love love this place.  One of the best really healthy restaurants I have found.  Their smoothies are amazing and have only ingredients that you can actually pronounce, no funny powders, just real food.  I love the lettuce they use to wrap the wraps and burgers if you opt for no bun.  The bison is super tasty.  This place is the best.
Either I've had a stroke or the food here is good enough to quell my fears of vegan food. No, I would not consider any part of my diet to be vegan-friendly, however G&P makes the transition into vegan dining a tasty and judgement free venture!

The setting is very modern-bright, clean lines and a cool planter along the wall facing the counter with a built in watering system. It adds another element of cool when the water turns on to feed the plants. There are a couple of TVs against the back wall, which kind of don't fit into the zen feeling of the place yet...they don't feel out of place if that makes sense. Maybe I'm just used to dining in places that have TVs which I don't  know if that's a good or bad thing.

I judge an establishment, if given the opportunity, on their Caesar salad. It's a menu staple that so many places get wrong but G&P doesn't and their dressing is egg and sardine free. I was really ready to be disappointed with the salad- I mean you don't leave out two classic elements of the dressing and not have outrage-but the dressing was surprisingly creamy and so flavorful. It was one of the best I've ever had. What I really loved was the parmesan croutons. Again, another element of the salad that could go wrong, G&P put a fun and creative twist on with delicious results!

What I've had most frequently here is the green shake which is made with kale, almond (or soy) milk, apples, and some other fruits (check out their helpful menu for more info....), which is blended into a refreshing shake that's perfect for summer. I'm not into the whole smoothie as a meal replacement deal, but a couple of times after my evening yoga class got out, I've popped over for this shake and skipped dinner. It's pretty filling and all of the right flavors are there. 

Also on their menu is a variety of pizzas with alternative crust options, burgers and appetizers all in vegan and non-vegan options. I introduced a friend to this place and she was really excited that they had gluten free pizza crust which also didn't taste like cardboard. I guess that's hard to come by, so she told me I owed them one star alone just for that!

What I like most is that the restaurant offers a variety of food-vegan and non-vegan- in a non-judgy environment. The food is quality and it's a great option if you're looking to meet somewhere with your vegan friend(s) without compromising. This is also a safe place to venture into vegan cuisine without feeling like you're missing anything-the quantity and flavor are all there! It is a bit pricey, but what places in this area aren't?

G&P is a great place for all three meals or those in between ones that you get around to when life happens and lunch doesn't. The staff is nice, the establishment is clean and the concept great!
5 stars for the food: It is healthy and very very good which is damn near impossible to find. So yea! 5 stars for food. Although if they got organic meat that would be freak-en amazing but whatev its still tasty & healthy that magical combination. 

I have been here at least 10 times so 3 Stars for counter help. They are not to friendly or helpful and I was charged more than what the menu states on a couple of occasions.
I dined here when they first opened and thought it was simply mediocre, food wise. But organization and the overall restaurant decor wasn't too great. 
I'm happy to say that things have certainly changed now. The food is good, drinks are great, and restaurant has grown into something special. Most people complain about price, and yes, it's not cheap. But I'd rather pay $2-3 more for a meal and get something that tastes fresh and made with organic/quality ingrediants.
My husband came here and picked up some food for us to go. He ordered me the California Grilled Chicken Wrap with tofu fries. He got the Bison burger with the raw jicama fries (I think that's what they were?). Mine was so yummy and that was the first time I ever tried tofu fries. They were seasoned so well. The wrap was delicious as well. It was a little bit dry but overall it had great flavor. 

My husband's bison burger was probably the best thing out of both of ours. It was so yummy and juicy. I wish I got his burger instead, lol. I wasn't a fan of the raw jicama fries. They had a good seasoning on them but I did not care for them. 

I cannot comment on how the service was or what the decor looked like because he took it to go. We will definitely be back to try some other items on the menu.
If you have not tried this place yet, please do.

Their juices are awesome and so is their food.
I had a green shake and left pleasantly surprised. Slightly on the high side for prices, but fresh and good. I will return
This place is amazing! 

The food is super tasty, lean and healthy. I love that it shows how many calories are in each food. 

Price is reasonable.
I've given up my days of decadent crap eating and while stuck in Henderson, decided to opt for a healthy lunch on the fly.

I've seen friends check-in at Green & Proteins and headed over. The layout is open and there are these retro-esque bright green chairs surrrounded by white tables.

I was greated immediately and asked if I had any questions. I love that I didn't have to search for calories, everything was listed out in the open. 

For those of you thinking this is just a vegan/veggie place don't be mistaken. There are meat options, including ostrich, pork tenderloin, filet mignon.

They even offer "raw" food. I opted for this, I got the mock chicken lettuce wraps. OMMFG... divine. Simple, clean, and a unique, delicate taste. 

They even have a menu for the HCG diet. Crazy!

I hate that they're located far, far away. I am a huge fan and I will make sure to visit whenever I'm in Hendertucky! I can't wait to give this place another round. 

Please open a location in Summerlin soon. We'd love to see a G&P!
Easy way for the average busy body to still eat clean without having to cook at home. Awesome selections!
The concept excited me. Healthier, lower calorie vegan//vegetarian options served alongside healthier, lower calorie meaty options - a place I could go with my meat-eater friends and not feel jipped. 

The above concept is really all that was exciting for me at Greens and Protein. Unfortunately, the food was rather bland. 

I ordered the plate with tofu (protein), asparagus (green) and quinoa. The quinoa tasted literally like quinoa. No seasoning, nothing. Likewise, the asparagus failed to incite even a slight quiver in my taste buds. The tofu was passable - but I'll eat tofu made any way. 

My husband ordered the raw mock chicken lettuce cups. I actually found this dish offensive and puny in serving size. But my husband liked it. 

One of my friends ordered the bison burger which he relished and the other one, a similar plate like mine but with a grilled portobello mushroom instead of quinoa. The mushroom was actually very good. 

We shared the tofu fries - quite good but I really wish they weren't fried. What's the point of a healthy meal? 

The drinks were ridiculously priced so I refused to have any. 

All in all...nice concept, progressive for Vegas and a place you could hang if you were on a strict caloric diet. But being satisfied with your meal...that's another story.
Gave this palce a second chance.. i totallg dig it now! Love the wellness green shake totally healthy for you.. try their bbq chicken pizza and margerta pizza.. im so going here for pizzas now good bye papa john's and pizza hut hello to gourmet pizza and you dont feel guilty about it cause its healthy!
If you're a health nut this place is for you :)

I love coming here right after the gym to get a customized meal and real juice.  The staff is wonderful, they're always willing to help you and they answer all of your questions if its your first time.  It is on the pricey side for "fast" food, but it's definitely worth it all.
Disappointment.  

This place is smart with their marketing and ambience.  I'm just going to give a quick positive/negative feedback:

Positives:

               Space- It's clean and has modern, simple  decor. Easy to sit and chat for a while.
               Turkey- It's real, sliced turkey; not processed deli meat.

Negatives: 

                 Food quality- I'm annoyed how they come across to everyone. They want you to think this is amazing healthy food.  Not one item on their menu is organic.  They also don't have a lot of alternative ingredients to choose from. They seem to have limited knowledge of gluten-free and vegan foods. This leads me to the next negative.

                 Price- It is pretty expensive.  At least 7 dollars for a smoothie and at least 10 dollars for a sandwich.  It would be understandable if they used organic, high quality ingredients, but no.  Their ingredients do not cost much at all, therefore they are taking advantage of people.  

               Environmentally friendly? - First of all, they don't use real plates. (They care about health but not environment.) So they use paper plates.  Okay, at least they quickly biodegrade.  But wait! The utensils are crappy plastic ones.  What the heck? Be consistent. 

Overall, I seriously feel that whoever opened this place does not care about any of the things they market.  I think they know that being healthy is in, and are trying to bank on it.  They should be serving organic fruits, veggies and meats.  They should have a vast working knowledge of other types of foods for substitutions. They should be using real plates and silverware, or using all biodegradable/compostable things.

And they should not be insulting our intelligence. Needless to say, I'm not going back.  I'd rather spend my money on a place that gives quality food for a normal price.
Saw some good yelp reviews expected more from this place. I recently got into juicing so I was super excited when I heard they have juices too. 

Got the Bison cheese steak in a spinach wrap. It was comparable to taco bell taco meat. And the tofu fries were pretty good just too salty on the outside edges. 

I also got the wellness drink. Never saw any of the ingredients I read on the board being run through a juicer. Saw some stuff going into a blender though. THAT'S NOT JUICING.
Loved this place!  I've been twice and will definitely be back.  Everything is super fresh and healthy.  The Chocolate Avocado Peanut Butter Banana Shake was killer! I admit I was a bit afraid after reading all the ingredients.  I didn't think it was taste so damn good.

This is definitely a place to try and convert the non-healthy eaters as long as they're brave.  I've also had the turkey burger.  Nothing flashy, but good taste, juicy and fresh bread.  Just the knowledge that all the ingredients are free of all the garbage of any other turkey burger I'd get elsewhere makes you feel so much better about the meal.
Love love love this place! I had ordered a Grilled Vegetable Wrap that came with amazing fresh daikon fries along with a Leafy Green Berry Blast Smoothie and my husband ordered a Vegan Burger along with Delicious Tofu Fries with a Wellness Drink Smoothie.  Everything we had ordered was so tastey.  So we went again the very next day and I had ordered the same thing and my husband ordered the Vegan Pizza and Carrot Juice.  The smoothies are seriously really healthy and so refreshing!  We are not Vegans but wanted to try something different and healthier.  The cafe is set up very nicely with TVs.  The place is next to the gym LVAC where you will see a lot of fit people coming to eat after the gym, also we saw people on their laptops as well.  I give it 4 stars because the prices are pretty expensive.
Perhaps I should give this place 5 stars to show my uber appreciation for having a healthy alternative in Vegas aside from Go Raw and Rainbow's end.

I dig the chocolate veggichino and the wellness juice. Love that you get a dollar off for checking in each time.

The staff is always super friendly and helpful.

Their pesto sauce is amazing and the peanut sauce was yummy yum too!
I'M IN LOVE!!!!!

Its happened, finally. I went twice last week for lunch. It's ubber healthy and has things on the menu I would never eat and a couple of things I would try.

I got the buffalo cheese steak sandwich with tofu fries [yes tofu]. Super good!  Went back and ordered their combo which consists of pick your: protein, grain, veggie, sauce.  I got shrimp, brown rice, asparagus, and pesto sauce.  Has calories displayed everywhere so you know exactly what's going in. Also, got a spinach and almond milk shake [sounds gross but it was amazing!!!!!]

Priced around $10 shake was like $4 but HEY you are eating healthy.  Decor is awesome with running water on the walls and bright green chairs.  

My only suggestion: salad bar or make your own salad. Pick your lettuce, pick your protein, pick your toppings, pick from an array of low fat house based dressings?????

Something like a salad expressions??? That'd be awesome. Adding Elk to the menu would rock too!!!
Ok, so my fat booty decided to start loosing weight, Gotta get in shape for the ladies right?? So I decided to start going to the gym that happens to be in the same plaza as this restaurant.

When I went for the first time, I really didnt feel it. I thought it was a hipster central and such, but still wanted to try it , so I did and I fell in love with some items

The tofu fries and the Margarita pizza are delicious, and I think what makes it taste better is the fact that its only 320 calories for a whole 10 inches ZA!!!

Some of the things on the menu are totally not for me, and the juices, well I rather juice at home. But I appreciate the variety and how its mixed as a fast food joint with table service. really nice, and the owners are super cool as well.

It can get a little pricy but all healthy food is and thats sad. The place can get packed but service still fast and efficient.Food comes cooked right and so far havent have one single bad experience.

If you are a freak of counting your calories intake and want some good food that wont make you look like jabba the hutt , stop by this stop.
Lots of low calorie options for those wanting to eat healthy....not a strictly vegan restaurant as their menu clearly states.  This is probably the last place I would pick to eat, but we were convinced by another couple to give this place a try.  The food was better than I thought it was going to be, but definitely not the most flavored packed menu.  I tried the bison cheesesteak with tofu fries and I guess I was hoping for a little more flavor in the bison other than just salt...really it's a chopped up bison burger patty put in a wrap.  The tofu fries were all the rave on the reviews...but in comparison to the Chinese salt and pepper tofu squares...they were quite lack luster and dry in my opinion. The service seems like it could be refined, the couple that we ate with got a number with their order, while we did not.  The server seemed to wander from table to table asking what people ordered in order to deliver food.  The decor was bright and refreshing and the Hawaiian music in the background made it good environment for a Sunday lunch.  I probably won't be venturing back to this restaurant anytime soon, but I think the location near LVAC and perhaps for the calorie and health conscious this place is a win.
I love going here! The chocolate veggiechinno is the best ever, with almond milk of course. I've been vegan since January and this place is great stop for a fast meal or pick me up smoothie.
The wellness drink is fab, and the wraps are wonderful. A little on the pricey side but the staff is very friendly
The name of this place alone makes me think wheat grass and vegetarian menus, which for me is a turn off because I am a meat and potatoes type guy.  My wife and eye kept seeing excellent reviews for this place, and the place being advertised all over the place.  Two weeks ago my wife and I were looking for a new place to try, and  she brought up this place.  I thought I would give it a shot, event though I expected it to be a tofu and salad type place.  When we walked into the restaurant I was met with surprise...

This place is not that just a vegetarian place.  They have a rather large menu with a mix of meat, fruits and vegetables.  They have everything from your staple foods such as chicken and beef, to exotic foods like bison and ostrich.  My wife had the bison lettuce burger which was very flavorful. My favorite aspect of this restaurant is the custom meal which allows you to pick from a number of meats ranging from poultry to fish to beef.  The meal also allows you to pick a vegetable, which there are several to choose from, a grain (also several choices), and a sauce of your choice.  I got the chicken with mixed greens, quinoa, and balsamic dressing.  Everything about the meal was excellent.  It was so good that my wife and I have eaten there 4 more times in the past two weeks.  It has become one of our favorite places to eat now.  We have also tried their smoothies with are very good as well.

The decor in this place is very cool, and their are a lot of outlets for electronic devices, which makes this place a great place to study or just go to get work done.  I have also found this a good place for many who go to LVAC to go an hang out and get a good, healthy meal.  I do agree with some of the reviews that this place should have more "eco friendly" materials, and the price is somewhat steep for meals.  This will not deter me from going here again.
So time for an update, :D The staff definitely stepped it up which is a bonus. They greet you as soon as you're in the door. I ordered the Wellness drink again and YES it was blended but, I just can't knock it, it is DELICIOUS and still healthy also. Didn't order food but, I'd go back for the smoothies they are worth every penny
Tastes like heaven.  May be a bit pricey at first but then you realize what you are actually paying for...QUALITY.  This is the future of "fast food".  Join the revolution.

Green shake is the go to, if you have never been.
I was so excited to find this place! We'd been eating at more traditional restaurants for days and i was ready for something better. We definitely found it. I had a build your own combo, my son had some soup, my daughter a pizza and my husband a smoothie. None of us were disappointed. The cost seemed a little much, but I really didn't even think about it once I started eating. Everything was delicious and the staff was friendly and helpful. We will definitely go back every time we are in Vegas.
Came here with the hubby for the first time. We recently started working out and decided to start eating healthier. I ordered a burger with jicama fries and my husband ordered a wrap with tofu fries. Before coming here, we heard such great reviews of this place. To be completely honest, I wasn't really impressed. The food lacked flavor to me. My husband enjoyed it because he felt it was a healthy meal compared to the stuff we usually eat. I told him that healthy food can also taste good. He recently went back and had a turkey burger and said it tasted dry. There is a place a couple blocks from here called Elixer Organic Cafe that I think is much tastier. I might consider returning here to try something different one day before completely ruling it out.
I found this place after a friend checked in on Yelp. I loved the name and began to read the reviews. A few days later I stopped in to check it out and get the green shake. Mmmm it was so good and I couldn't put my finger on it what it taste like. I just know that I crave one daily. The downside is that it cost $8 dollars for this drink. I came back two days later with a friend and ordered the bison cheesestak wrap with tofu fries. That dish gets five stars. I could not believe I was eating something so sinful tasting but good for me and half the calories of the real thing. My friend had the buffalo chicken strips and they were really good. The next week I went in with another friend and we both tried the summer berry salad...WOW! I went back again this past weekend for the green shake. I cannot get enough of this place. I am going for lunch again today with a new friend. Whenever I find something I love I have to share with everyone. I have one request to the owners, please open up another one next to the Golds Gym on Stephanie. There are lots of open spaces in the center that this very busy gym is located. That way I could go everyday.
Healthy and delicious food, washed down with tasty juices and smoothies is what I was looking for when I first stepped into Greens and Proteins. And they did not disappoint!

I ordered the turkey and bacon wrap with tofu fries, and I could not believe something this good was really healthy! I was a little hesitant about the tofu fries, but upon first bite this place has me hooked! The wellness drink is great, and I order it every visit. It has the perfect blend of fruits and veggies, getting your daily dose of vitamin needs. 

My only complaint is in the wellness drink. Kale is very good for you and wished they put more than just the few pieces they use. It feels like they use just enough to say that kale is in the drink.

Still love this place and will be here many many times!
The smoothies and juices here are fresh, healthy, and tasty! Great for the hot Vegas weather! I go out of my way to come here for their juices...mostly because it seems one of a kind, but also because they're that good! I wouldn't say their tofu fries are healthy, but they're definitely delicious too.
I love the vegan burger and the tofu fries (extra crispy!).  If you tired it when they first opened, it's time to go back.  Everything I have tried recently has been delicious, prices are reasonable (especially considering what you're buying) and the staff is friendly.  It gets pretty busy during lunch, so  I usually call ahead for carry out.  I may have to go back there tomorrow!
I've been hearing so much about this place from friends who are on strict diets. And was always curious about what kinda food this place had. I pictured raw and bleh tasting food. BOY, was I wrong!

Came here one morning after my roomie and I finished working out. 
Love how bright and sunny it is in there. Like it should be a cafe in LA or an Asian boba spot where there's lime green and yellow furniture everywhere.

I ordered the veggie sandwich as I looooooooooove grilled veggies. It came with a pickle and I ordered the tofu fries as it's side. I like tofu but, after trying it this way and with a spicy aiole, I LOVE TOFU FRIES!

My roomie had the Greek pizza. I love feta but, the kalamata olives were toooo over powering. My roomie had to take them outta his pizza; and he loves olives.

Checking into Yelp gave me a 50 cent off voucher on their shakes or juices so, we decided to get one. I forget which one but, it was delicious. Peanut buttery but, not toooo thick. More like an icee texture.

Already love my salads and veggie snacks but, this place makes them so much more tastier and in a way that I don't normally eat them.
Been here twice. I was pretty disappointed both times, especially after factoring in the cost. First time tried the green juice was something like $7-8 and while it wasn't terrible - I've had much better at another local place for easily $2-$3 less. Next trip, I had a chicken wrap with jicama fries -  that the cashier gave rave reviews. First it was really expensive - $10.99 for the wrap and then the chicken was really, really dry and the jicama fries that had some red seasoning like chili powder or paprika but desperately needed salt or something - they were just boring and bland - I love the idea though. (I noticed after finished that there was a packet of salt/pepper in my container and I was kicking myself for not adding it sooner - I can appreciate not everyone wants the sodium - I dunno though they just needed some help.) I really wanted to love this place, since it's so hard to find healthy foods on the go - but the cost of the food coupled with how mediocre it was - I have no plans to go back.
AMAZING FOOD, DRINKS, and the FRIENDLIEST STAFF. My new place to go right after a hard workout and to stay healthy and fit
This place may be a bit pricier than your average, run of the mill corporate fast food joint but be aware that this is no ordinary establishment and that the extra dollars are well worth it. The quality of the ingredients really speaks for itself and the healthiness, which may be a major selling point for some, was really just a bonus for me. 

I opted to try the bison cheese steak on a wheat bun, which seems to be a popular option. It came with a side of "fries" and I chose the Jica, having never heard of them before. The girl at the register was friendly and willing to explain the various menu items. Much of the menu is vegan or vegetarian but not all of it-- it offers plenty of options for the carnivores so don't let that deter you from visiting.

The food was pretty impressive. The bun was hearty and filling, and the the actual bison meat was just as tasty as any beef I've ever had in a philly cheese steak. The sandwich itself is filling enough but does come with the fries. I probably will try the tofu fries next time because the jica "fries" were really just raw sliced vegetables that provided the optical illusion of fries but tasted nothing like them. The chef who started this place has a great philosophy about making food that is both healthy and delicious and I daresay he has executed it perfectly.

I will definitely be coming back here and hope to try some of the smoothies as well as the wide assortment of salads and sauces.
Menu descriptions are poorly written and inaccurate.  Case in point Jicama Fries are just strips of raw jicama.  We ordered extra as it sounded like something new and worth a try.  Cold jicama strips did not come close to meeting expectations.
Healthy and tasty! Gotta try the soy fries!
This place is very good. I had the vegan burger and I'm not normally a fan of anything vegan but this burger hit the spot. The prices are little bit pricey but not to bad. The atmosphere is pretty hip and trendy. I definitely recommend trying this place.
Fun little place.  As someone that has recently been introduced to juicing, I found this place really cool.  The combination of both a "juice bar" which is why I went there and having a lot of traditional food choices fun to salivate to.
This is a long overdue review.  I was curious about this place during the build out and often found myself peeking through the window to see the progression.  I finally had a chance to eat here and the food was remarkable.

I had no clue what to choose, so I just asked the staff to surprise me.  I had a smoothie that tasted like heaven.  At face value, I underestimated how it would taste after a glance at the ingredients.  Unbelievable!

I've now had the BBQ chicken pizza, the white pizza (not sure if that's the name on the menu), and every smoothie creation to date.  It doesn't matter what you choose as you will surely be thrilled afterwards.

The atmosphere is modern, appealing, clean, and different from anything else around.  Truly a one of a kind establishment which has become a regular stop on my trips into town.
I have been meaning to come here for a long time!

After my work out, I was starving, and despite the Saturday afternoon crowds in the shopping center I figured from what i heard It should be worth it. 

When I opened the door it put me immediately in line.  It wasn't as long of a wait as I thought it would be.  I ordered my food to go and took time to really check this place out while I waited. 

The place was packed, looked like there was plenty of seating (Inside & out)  I loved the earthy vibe with bright green chairs. I took a better look at the menu and noticed they also cater to those crazy RAW and HCG dieters which was pretty cool. 

As I waited for my summer berry salad and antioxidant smoothie, I was so pissed I didn't order the ostrich burger I was originally thinking about. (Damn it, I always tell myself to go with my gut, or first pick) It looked so good. From what i could see they cook just about everything in their brick oven. 

The manager or owner noticed me being nosy, and made a joke, I told him it was my first time, and couldn't help it!  He was really nice, asked my name and told me my order was coming shortly. When my salad was ready he told me that put my chicken in a separate container so it wouldn't wilt my spinach.  Crazy nice! 

Every dish I saw looked great. Can't wait for that ostrich burger.
Here I go again. 

What's not to like you ask? 

Well lemme tell ya...

1) the Greens part means the lettuce you have to spend at this joint. And lots of it.

2) noisy as all Hell. Once those blenders kick up it's like standing next to go kart pit.

3) it has become a place to be seen wearing you're sweats after a grueling Green Valley workout at the gym. whew. Is my spandex straight?

4) you're right next door to a candy shop. Why go here when you can go there?

5) I want to buy a burger, not pay for the entire cow. I know, no. 1, but so irritating I had to repeat myself.

6) a smoothie shouldn't cost as much as a hand made cocktail. Ever.

7) there was a girl running around cleaning tables. I thought she was a customer with a weird compulsion, not an employee. Oops.

8) YOU HAVE TO YELL TO PLACE YOUR ORDER. And you still have to use sign language after repeating yourself two or three times.

9) fifty thousand smoothie choices is too much.

and 10) the line at the counter has the door run all incoming customers into those looking up at the menu in line. Can you say, Confusion?

But...

It really isn't bad food, and the smoothies were really tasty, and I like what it is trying to do, health-wise.

So I won't skewer it, I just won't forgive it its many little flaws based on how much they could make of the place.

P.S. The Jicama "fries" are pretty nasty, too.
I love this place! Hands down one of the healthiest places to eat in Vegas! I do the lettuce cups. MMMMM....
This is the best place to get health food in a convenient manner without having to do the leg work commonly associated with eating healthy. 

For being a health conscious place, the food tastes amazing! I highly recommend the pizzas or the bison cheese steak.
Yeah! I really liked it! I had just finished a class at Body Heat across the way and I needed sustenance for the rest of my day. Oh a juice bar across the way?! You don't say. I had some kind of green magic in a glass and I loved every sip. 

I couldn't decide on a food order, so I we t with the Greek pizza. Feta on anything and you have me sold. I ate it all, shamelessly, on my way to work in the car. 

I want to try everything on the menu. Also, when Giada di Laurentiis is on television, I will swoon for your establishment. Just an FYI. 

One complaint: it's quite loud and does take longer than I anticipated. But now that I know these two, I will be prepare for next time!
I like the novelty of Greens and Proteins, but find the execution a bit "off".   It's nice to offer a version of fast food gone healthy, but I found many of the options very bland.  The jicama "fries" are a nice choice, but I'll go for the seasoned tofu fingers over the cool jicama any day.  The addition of the crunchy/healthy side is nice, though.  I had bites of the bison burger ordered by others at the table, which was fine - a typical bison burger, but my veggie patty was not what I expected.  I thought since the place focuses on healthy that the veggie patty would be - veggie.  But nope, it's 100% soy and pretty bland.  I was pretty dissappointed.  Some of the drinks/smoothies are fun, but it's not enough to draw me in without a meal I'm excited about.  I'll try more things, maybe some wraps will rock my world, but the bland and soy-ness of the veggie patty was enough to discourage me for a while.
Get their green ginger limeade!!! Amazing!
I can even get my kids to drink it.
Their wellness drink is also very filling
As my first venture out after being diagnosed celiac I was not disappointed with their gluten free items! Walking into Greens & Protiens has a very homelike clean feel. It almost seems like it should be in Southern California. They have a large assortment of healthy items on their menu such as shakes, salads, pizzas and sandwiches. I decided to try the green leaf berry blast shake (carrots, kale, berries, spinach, soy milk, agave nectar, and vanilla extract) I've been every day for the past 5 days since for this shake its so delicious! I also tried the Greek pizza on gluten free crust.. YUM! Hummus, cucumbers, tomatoes, feta and kalamata olives. The crust is actually amazing too it's almost like a flatbread. I will be suggesting this place to everyone and I can't wait for their 2nd location on Flamingo and the 215 to open! See you all there :)
Looking for a healthy place to hit after the gym? This is it!

Although it's in the Henderson area, I try to swing by every so often. 
Their wellness drink is amazing. It reminds me of the Naked juice- Green Machine (It looks disgusting but it tastes so good!).

Food wise, their thai peanut chicken satay is good for a small snack. 
Their BBQ chicken pizza is delicious as well. 

Honestly, I would've never thought eating pizza and burgers would be so healthy!
A bit spendy and worth every penny. Super delicious nutritious food. I'd eat here every meal if I was more wealthy. Friendly, helpful service in a clean well lit venue. This is as good as it gets.
it was OK. thought this was a healthy joint, got what the cashier suggested (bison cheesesteak, ok i know it doesn't sound healthy!) in a spinach wrap. Also got the wellness smoothie. Unwrapped my meal at home and took a bite and it was pretty greasy and lacked flavor, I couldn't even finish my wrap. The wellness smoothie, on the other hand, was great! i don't know if it was worth the $7.99 price tag since you can get a huge bottle of green machine naked juice at costco for $6. Next time, probably won't listen to the advice of the young kid at the register and ill try something else.
Best smoothies in Las Vegas, - whether you are vegan or not, these are unvelivable and very healthy, and not loaded with disguised names for sugars like turbinado, cane sugar,  etc. Although they do have honey and /or agave in them so you can ask for that to be omitted, you wont miss it. I love their green shake and their chocolate peanut butter banana shake personally.
They sneak in things like zucchini, and kale, and other very healthy foods and i swear you do not taste them! 
Although i have gone there many times for the smoothies i will admit I have eaten there only twice, neither was memorable for the price, i give them credit for making a difference to give people healthy options, but for example ...the tofu fries are not healthy, they are just deep fried tofu sticks The daiya cheese based vegetarian pizza is good compared to some places versions of it, but the only way to make it truly vegan(unless you want it served on a raw cracker) is to get it on the gluten free crust, after you substitute the crust you are getting charged 14.99 , otherwise if you dont mind the raw crust its 11.99 -in my opinion it is rather small and can be inhaled in just a few bites, i say its 8 inches at most and very thin. Not a great value -If you do the "build your own custom meal" they let you pick 1 protein, 1 vegetable, and 1 grains, not a great value, the plate is very very small.. although healthy tasting and not oily to try to make it taste better. but by the time you lunch and the smoothie you are looking at 20.00 minimum and you wont be full after.
Another issue i find is it can be very busy at lunch time, and they only ever have 1 person working the cash register, the line up can go out the door and the seats are all taken during these rushes. , combine that with people asking questions about the menu and being indecisive (me included)I think they should get at least 1 more register to get things running more smooth.
When this place first opened I was extremely excited about something new and "healthy" not too far from my home. Turns out its not as "Healthy" as it promotes to be and is a bit over priced for the quality of the food. To me, Health= organic. If its not organic its not healthy. I don't want to eat pesticides and chemicals, it defeats the purpose of the nutritious food. I went in a total of three different times ( in case someone didn't know what they were talking about) and I asked each time if any of their items were organic, the response "NO." How is this a healthy place when the food, including veggies and fruits,  are not organic? And why is it so pricey when you're feeding me pesticides, chemicals, and no "added" but already there hormones? No thank You.
Thank you for being gluten free friendly!  Me and my stomach appreciate you!!  :))
Love the unique and clever healthy options-including jicama fries! I wish all the juices weren't blended though, some actually juiced veggies was what I was looking for, not a smoothie. Still we are eager to return and try new stuff!
Extra! Extra! Read All About It!

You're a wise man or woman, if you read some of the reviews of Greens and Proteins before trying them out.  You'll find a mix of "I've experienced better", "A-Ok", and "As good as it gets".  The most common issue...the sticker shock.  Yup, Greens and Proteins is on the Richie Rich side for what you get in quantity.  Smoothies over $10 (not lying), sandwiches over $12 (no five-dollar foot long here), and even their burgers are pricey starting around $10 (Where's the beef?).  I read the reviews and was armed with knowledge before I step foot in here. So, why the 5 Stars from me?   It comes to down to what I think Greens and Proteins was trying to accomplish, eating on the healthier side.  One thing about eating healthier, it sure cost more and I knew that coming in.  5 Stars because I expected less and got more.  

I came here for their Proteins, not the Greens, and decided on the "Build Your Own Custom Meal".  This is a 4 Step process, but I only chose Step 1, which was protein only.   You have a choice of Filet Mignon ($17), Bison ($13), Chicken ($10), Turkey ($9), Salmon ($13), and even my favorite lean meat Ostrich ($17).  I got the salmon and they knocked a few bucks off the price because I didn't get anything else with it.  The salmon is about 6 oz and to be honest, it was a little bland.  I solved this by adding a little Teriyaki sauce to it.  Voila! Problem solved. 

As for the restaurant and ambiance, it's just okay.  You get a mix of your Average Joes, Fitness Freaks, and New Year Resolutioners.  My favorite is the guy wearing a tank top, beanie, and sunglasses.  Guess this guy is just confused whether it's hot ,cold, or sunny inside.  Or, he's just too cool for the rest of us.  The wait is little longer than expected and since the restaurant is also small, it gets a little loud and crowded.

Overall, I am a fan and think Greens and Protein is as good as it gets.  If you're looking for something quick, cheap, and tasty, then Greens and Proteins may not be for you.  If you're looking for something clean, healthier, and don't mind spending a little more, then Greens and Proteins is perfect.
I love Greens and Proteins! I love taking my friends to try their amazing food! My personal favorites are the pita and hummus, the jicama and tofu fries, the pizzas, and most recently - Pumpkin Chai Tea Latte. This is such a filling, satisfying drink. The flavor is incredible! My husband, who is a very picky eater, loves the burgers and pizzas. Definitely worth checking out. While I am happy that this place is so popular, it's super busy! I look forward to the west side location to open! Just wish there was another one on my way to work and open at 5:30am!
Since Greens and Proteins opened, the gf and i eat here at least once every other week.  It's one of several dining options within walking distance of LVAC and it's definitely our fav especially when we are faking it trying to eat nutritiously.  About the only thing we haven't tried are the various smoothies, shakes, veggie blends, etc.

Our fav item on the menu is the make your own meal - a protein, a veggie and a starch with a sauce.  The cost ranges from $9 to about $18.  I generally go for the pork loin or turkey ( the cheaper selections ) with the veggie choice of either mushroom, asparagus or spinach and the brown rice with the pesto sauce.  they have about 8 choices in each category.


Also like the tofu fries, the chicken fingers and the caesar salad.  The pizzas are also decent but suggest you ask them to make the crust crisp since at times i felt the crust was " limp"

Good service and they have a several flat screen TV's for sports watching.
Obsessed with this place! Thank goodness some people in America are starting to support healthy restaurants! It's about time. I always order the Sauted veggie wrap! I'm craving it right now, haha! I love how they post all the calories. It totally helps keep me in check. They also make great healthy smoothies/juices in their Vitamix blenders :) love those machines!
So I decided to go her after my workout for something different.  I got the Feta cheese pizza, it had olives, cucumbers, tomatoes, and low fat mozzarella chees.  I go it on the thin crust bread, or what ever it is. 
I was very impressed.  It was so good!  I will be back.   And it's only 247 calories, for a 10 inch pizza.
On my way to workout at LVAC I happened to see this restaurant and I happened to be craving a smoothie. After my workout I went in and ordered the Wellness Smoothie. If you enjoy green smoothies, it was delicious! I loved it! Then I saw that there was also bison and ostrich on the menu which are unique menu items. I can't wait to return and try it out!
Love this place. Great green drinks and smoothies. Food is great and very fresh. Only reason for 4 stars is because it is slightly pricey. But it is definitely worth it. 

Decor is so fun and modern. Wonderful friendly staff too! If you are looking for a HEALTHY place this is where you should go
delicious healthy food.  worth a try if you're coming from lvac and don't want to ruin your whole workout!
Ate here 2 days ago.  Ordered the bison cheesesteak, ate 3/4 of it, and found the most disgusting black curly piece of hair imbedded in my meat.  Couldn't submit my review until now since it still makes me want to vomit just writing about it.
Delicious....... Don't hesitate. Just go!

Very cute inside. Nice, clean, classy. Makes me happy.
I don't understand the "portion size" issue.....First time in , I had the bison cheesesteak wrap with tofu fries....the wrap is huge, actually perfect for having a half of one and saving the other half for later (or sharing)...the salads looked substantial also. Second time in, I had the Greek Pizza on gluten-free thin crust...247 calories...and I seriously do not understand how they do it. It may look smallish; but eat the whole pie...I dare you to tell me that you are still hungry. Great flavor concentration also. I am not into the healthy shake stuff and do not work out at the gym; but "eating clean" is a great way to feel better about yourself and the carbs and proteins here are a perfect part of that plan.
Seriously Yummy Health Food. That's all you need to know. The Green Leaf Berry Blast Smoothie is my addiction and less than 250 Calories!
One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Healthy and quick. Good service.
The Green Leafy Berry Blast was worth every penny.
Love this place! I go here after my workouts to "treat" myself. Their pizzas are all amazing, each 10"s and each low in cals (250-300ish). Also try their tofu fries! Very tasty and also super low in calories. If you're trying to watch your waist but still crave some comfort type foods (and more), this place is the place to go!

(Also gluten free, vegetarian/vegan/raw friendly - major plus!)
Thought I should update my review after eating here two more times. Last year I was invited back by the manager/owner to give them another shot. I brought a friend with me so I could get a second opinion. I made the mistake of ordering the same chicken wrap, thinking it would be better the second time around. Nope. My friend had the Bison wrap and loved it. I hesitated to update my review because I still wasn't impressed by the food, but didn't want to post a negative review when I knowingly ordered something I didn't like the first time around and my friend loved his wrap. But seriously, if you're healthy food joint and can't make a good grilled chicken wrap... what can I say?  I tried it again one more time and had the turkey burger, which while it needed some salt - was much better than the chicken wrap. The tomatoes were a way overripe ... but it wasn't bad as a whole. I still love the idea of the jicama fries, but they could really do something to make them tastier, like a citrus dressing option or something.. anything. LOL. All in all, I might eat here on occasion - but for what it is I think it's way overpriced. I spent $17+ today for the burger and a juice drink. Definitely not affordable or good enough for a daily lunch option. The place is busy, busy though... so it doesn't look like they're hurting for business.
Well thought out restaurant. Amazing, healthy food at a great price for the quality you are getting.  Ostrich burger is fantastic.
So so. The menu lacked lots of green-vegi choices. Name should be various meat and tofu proteins and green drinks. Veggie Garden Burger was just a pale bocaburger (no veggie or garden in it), my wife a life long vegetarian could not eat it.
Typically a place like this is not my thing but a smoothie called and I wanted something a little healthier so I checked this place out.  

The vibe here is a little strange.  Feels like an extension of LVAC and I'm the only lazy bum who didn't work up a sweat prior to coming here lol.  The decor is modern yet feels green and nature-inspired.  I really like the look of this place.  

I paid an arm and a leg for my Green Leaf Berry Blast smoothie (note: 1 dollar off for checking in) and I almost had buyer's remorse as I waited in line.  The line moved quickly enough and service was friendly but, hot damn, it took FOREVER to get my smoothie.  It's the only thing I ordered - no food, just a smoothie to go.  And I waited.  And waited.  And waited.  

Finally my name was called and I thought for sure this was going to be an out-of-this-world smoothie experience.  All the hype, all the waiting, all that cash I forked over... built up to this moment.  I try the smoothie and I'm all, "eh".  Oh the sweet sting of health-food disappointment. 

I give it 3 stars because I like the concept and the decor, the service was good, and there are quite a few things on the menu I really want to try (pizza, wraps, etc.), so I'm sure I'll be back to update this.
Great place to go for healthy drinks and food. I tried the wellness drink and the vegan pizza and both were great. The place is a little pricey, but way worth it.
This place is great!  I'd recommend the Bison Cheese Steak, BBQ Chicken Pizza, any of the wraps (with tofu fries), and all of the smoothies despite the veggies inside (tried each one)!!  Call ahead if you don't want to wait, but they're pretty fast considering the long line at lunch.  You'll see lots of physically fit patrons enjoying lunch or a snack as the gym is right around the corner, so you'll feel good about eating there.  

My only issue, and it's not that big of a deal for me, is that the menu is a little pricy.  But you figure the quality and nutrition of the food you are getting, it's not that bad.
Well .. Even tho it's a wee bit pricy .. I was happy... We ordered a margherita pizza and a bison burger .. I'd order the pizza again for sure.. topped it off with a delicious watermelon/ strawberry  cocktail which was really refreshing yet $6 for a drink is a bit much ... maybe if  it's organic... but I'm not sure if it is...   we will be back !!! It's nice to have a healthy option !!!
I should of know better than to have an Angus burger at a vegan - veg rest. I got the worst case of food poisoning in my entire life, was in bed for 4 days.
Been here twice now and I really dig this place. The food was excellent. (I split two meals between my girlfriend and me: the tofu chorizo breakfrast burrito and the veggie wrap.) I really dig a place that purports to be fresh and healthy *and actually is*. There were little things that made the experience better, as well. The staff was obviously very happy and interested in their food, our satisfaction, etc. It didn't feel forced, they actually seemed happy to be there and like they cared what we thought. And this might sound lame, but we didn't order drinks, and they proactively offered water cups to us, and then we saw that the water was nor just a fountain-style plain water but rather a cucumber/lemon water concoction that tasted great.

The only reason this is a 4 instead of a 5 is that it IS a bit pricey. Our two meals, without drinks, came to $20. And the second time I went I got a medium-ish sized smoothie for more than $8. But I feel like that's worth it for what we got: indisputably fresh, healthy meals.

I'll be going back regularly.
Great service. Great food.
This place was ok...

Yes, its healthy and good for you but what the hell? My brother treated me, himself and his wife to dinner and it came out to $50.00!!!  For dinner at that price I would have expected a better quality and portioned meal. Do not get the tuna salad....sooo little tuna and also I would stick to the wraps and sandwiches. My brother got the build your own meal, and the tuna was not cooked properly, no flavor and very small portions. I got the chicken wrap and it was really good but hot damn they are pricey. I got the leafy berry smoothie...was not that good and really?? Almost $8.00?! If you are going to spend that god awful amount on a smoothie or juice get the green wellness or whatever its called, it tastes better. Overall, I will not be coming back here unless its on someone else's dime. I would rather spend the money on groceries and cook something healthy at home.
Always the freshest ingredients and quick service.  Stop here daily to get my breakfast fix, whether its a meal or a juice/shake.
Great juices and salads
My second trip today and wanted to share. I had the turkey wrap with avocado. Words to describe it, flavorful, balanced, filling. I had a bite of my wife's turkey burger and can't wait to go back for one. Very moist and bursting with flavors. Washed it all down with the cucumber water. Had a few sips of the watermelon strawberry smoothie, another Hilton their menu.
Really really love this place!!! I'm busy and don't have a lot of time to cook but like to eat healthy! This place is not only healthy it's delicious...I eat here a few times a week and I alway get the best service and a great meal quickly. Can't wait until they open more locations...like right by my office ;)
Awesome! You must have a palate for wholesome foods. This place was great. Had a decent raw food menu as I enjoyed the raw pizza
Knocked off one star for absurd prices. 

However, the quality of their food is absolutely amazing. I can live off the Antioxidant Chiller -- stuff is made of gold. Definitely refreshing after a good work out if you're not into the Wellness Drink, which tastes like grass but I'm sure it's ridiculously good for you. 

And after that hard work out and you want to find some good food under the guise of low calories, get the BBQ Chicken Pizza. I can also eat that stuff for days and maybe they're lying to me and it's not as healthy as it should be, but I can die in happy ignorance. 

Prices: 
Antioxidant Chiller = ~$6
Wellness Drink = ~8 (use the Yelp check-in for $1 off) 
BBQ Chicken Pizza = ~$10
The food & smoothies are okay.  For the portions served, everything is way overpriced.  The best part is, they're NOT ORGANIC.  Plus, a regular HCG diet is not healthy for you.  For claiming "healthy" and charging organic prices, I find this place to be quite the rip off.  There are way better options out there that are healthy, whole and organic.
I love everything I've drank and eaten at this place! Fresh, clean, healthy!
Hip Hop Hooray!  

Love this place, who doesnt!  How can you not love healthy amazing food!  

Just be award that during the lunch hour you will wait for awhile. They start to get packed around 11:45 until about 1. 

I have been here a few times and each time I have always been very pleased. The salmon is cooked perfectly.  
They offer a lot of different alternatives if you would like to substitute although it can get pricey doing that.  Gluten free bread is $3 extra.....WOW....

I have only had one problem while here and that was a takeout order.  My order was not correct and when I had to drive back to fix it I was not a happy camper.  BUT, the manager was very kind, fixed it for me and also gave me his card saying next time lunch is on him.  I really appreciate the offer and will be using it shortly!
I was so excited when greens and proteins opened. I would stop everyday on my way to work (4-5 days a week)  and ordered a wellness drink ( which I love) and a turkey wrap. It was over priced but worth it. About 3 months later they changed the turkey patty to a processed frozen patty with no taste. Every time I try something new it has no taste. They are starting to cut corners to save money. I am very disappointed in the quality of the food.
Lots of vegan and gluten free options.  The veggie burger didn't have vegan mayo as advertised, but was tasty anyway.  Decent service.
All the vegan stuff is amazing.  Try the veggie pizza or veggie burger.
The food is great. The employees are great. I just call or walk in and they already know and remember my order. Food brought to you and tabled cleared for you. Yes it is pricier than most, but it is healthy, tasty food. Owner is involved and there in the mix bring food to tables. Liz is great. Right next to gym so after a great workout a great meal. Clean and pleasing atmosphere. Try it.
OMG... I was in food heaven! :)  My friend and I decided to give this place a try because we were hearing such good things about it and about their vegan options.  So this what we ordered and shared:

1st dish:  Tofu and Soy Chorizo burrito...oh man, this was awesome.  The burrito was perfectly spiced and tasty.  I'm sure that any non-vegan would have never guessed that this was a vegan dish... it was that good.  The chorizo was da bomb!  The dish even came with tofu nuggets, which was amazing too.  They really need to add tofu nuggets as an appetizer.  I could eat that all day... just pop it in my mouth.

2nd dish: Granola toasted french toast... ok i must admit, that it wasn't  vegan because of the type of whole wheat bread that they used.. but it was all good with me cuz they didn't use egg to coat the granola to the bread.... so i just decided to try it.  It was delish!!!  The granola was mixed in with nuts, and raisins...mmm, mmm, mmm.  I felt like my breakfast turned into a dessert, but at the same time, it just tasted healthy. :) 

this place is like halfway between a fast food joint and a sit down restaurant... but to my surprise the dishes were visual appearing.  They took time to make it look pretty and presentable.   I was so hungry and the food looked so good, that I didn't take any pictures of my food.   I also think that the dishes are reasonably priced.  We paid less than $20 for both dishes....I love paying $20 or less for 2 people when I go out to eat.  Hey, when the food is good and the price is right, then that's an awesome deal. 

 I will go back for sure and order more off the vegan menu and try to take pics of it before I feed my face.  I recommend you try this place out and your taste buds will say thank you.
YUM!!!

When you walk in..it doesn't look that special. The decor is nice but the menu was deceiving. What I got was MUCH better than I had expected. I had the veggie wrap..and oh my! So delicious and healthy. I had the tofu fries with it.. and i LOVE tofu. They were very light and also did not taste fattening. The staff was very friendly! 

I wish we had a place like this in the North Bay!
A few weeks ago I went here on a Sunday evening because the Starbucks next door was packed. My friend and I were just looking for a nice quite place to chat and this place seemed like a good fit... The atmosphere was really casual; it was really calm and inviting, definitely had a trendy coffee shop feel to it. That night it was filled with a lot of young girls in yoga pants and gym shorts... I figured it must be the post-workout spot for the ladies from the LVAC across the lot.

Anyhow... as we came in my friend had ordered a wheat grass drink and we took to a table along the back wall. The seating area was nice, all of the tables were cleared and they had a grape green hue to match the healthy theme of the entire place. What was also nice was the waterfall that ran across the entirety of the back wall. Definitely gave it a calming feel with a modern nature theme... if you can try to picture that.

As we were seated I couldn't help but notice the quality of service the server/cashier was providing. While taking every order he would try to acknowledge the guest by their first name. It definitely gave it a personalized feel. It was nice to see, and I could notice a lot of the guests were regulars... if only they did a better job at greeting us as we entered the place. 

While we were seated I also ended up ordered the Teriyaki Grilled Chicken Wrap. The price was a little unreasonable for what I got, I understand it's a healthy choice but for $10.99 I expect to get a little more for the buck. I guess all that extra money went into the plating and presentation, which brings me to the next point. For as good as it looked the flavor was very disappointing. The wrap had no taste at all; the only thing that helped me distinguish the ingredients was their texture. 

Overall for what we came for I would say it definitely met our expectations and didn't disappoint, however the food wasn't so great. The ambiance was 5/5, Service was 4/5, and the Food Quality was 3/5; presentation was great, ingredients seemed fresh and health, but the taste was not there at all. Maybe it was just what I had ordered.

I will most likely not eat here again but if I needed a nice casual meeting spot I would definitely keep this place in mind. Although my experience with the food was not pleasant the intent of the visit was for a casual meeting spot and it definitely delivered on that.
First time here, and can't wait to come back! 
The wellness dink is absolutely amazing! And my mom and I shared the raw macho nachos, and half an order of that was so filling! I highly recommend them.
I selected Greens and Proteins (G&P) because I wanted a tasty, wholesome breakfast with no animal protein.  In short, I was not impressed with this establishment and its offerings. It seems to me that they are offering a watered down version of "healthy" food.

EXPERIENCE: I struggled with their juice menu first. I juice and drink fresh juices from other establishments on a regular basis so I felt comfortable picking out a quick juice to start my meal. Unfortunately, agave nectar and honey were featured in all but one drink.   I can get added sugar anywhere in town, I was surprised that a place that calls itself a "healthy kitchen and juice bar" offered no pure juices. And that what they were presenting as juice was laden with a sweetener more processed than high fructose syrup (agave). 

Needless to say, I chose the V9 juice since it offered some vegetable and contained no added sugar.  I asked for more greens (spinach and kale) in the juice with regular tomatoes rather than the sun dried tomatoes usually in the drink. The addition of vegetable stock to the juice was confusing for me. I saw them add a processed vegetable broth, not a stock, but that didn't bother me too much. I have never seen a juice offering with vegetable "stock", but I was willing to try it.  The "juice" was more of a blended concoction.  It was cold and thickish.  Especially as I got the end. What is was not, was tasty.  There was no bite from the lime or garlic and the "stock" watered down the taste of the vegetables. The texture and flavor were off putting, but I'd spent the $6.99 for 24 oz. (8oz of that are the vegetable broth) so I drank it. Most of it.

My mother ordered the Greek scramble with a side of the homemade turkey bacon. I ordered the "Real Deal Oatmeal" with some of the additions (raisins, bananas, and "sucant", which is sugar) on the side. The menu lists "sucant" as an ingredient in the oatmeal, but I believe G & P has misspelled the word Sucanat on their menu. Sucanat is a whole, unrefined cane sugar made by "crushing sugar cane, extracting the juice, heating it, and dehydrating it into granules." It's still sugar, but many people consider it a healthier option because it contains less sucrose and "retains the natural molasses and trace nutrients like iron, calcium, potassium, and B vitamins."

I've ordered oatmeal at dozens of establishments in this town--most not presenting the image of a health conscious establishment---and I've never heard what I heard from G&P.  After ordering, the cashier had to come over and find me to tell me that they could not put the sugar (Sucanat) on the side.  "Why" I asked. She explained that the sugar is mixed in with the oatmeal. What??? I clarified in case I had misheard her.  I asked incredulously, "The sugar is already mixed in with the oatmeal? So I can't get oatmeal without sugar?" Correct.  She informed me that they pre-mix the sugar in the oatmeal.  To put this issue in context, a person can order rolled oats oatmeal at McDonald's without sugar.  How do they know how much sugar (Sucanat) I want in my oatmeal?   I imagine they err on the side of "a lot." 

All of the other breakfast options included animal protein or sugar except for the Berry Parfait. I ordered it without the strawberry yogurt since I assumed that it had more sugar than I would like. I asked for plain yogurt in the parfait. The chef happened to be out on the floor and the cashier (misunderstanding my request?) asked the chef what was in the strawberry yogurt. He stated that it was plain yogurt with strawberries and sweeteners added.  I don't eat pre-sweetened yogurt and figured the strawberries and sweetened granola would add enough sugar to the meal. He said they had plain yogurt in the back and that they could accommodate me. 

The parfait was fine--lots of large strawberries and sweet crunchy granola.  I tasted one of Mom's tofu fries and it was crunchy and well seasoned. She enjoyed her egg white scramble and turkey sausage side.

I understand everyone visiting G & P will not share my expectations. If people are looking for a place with some vegetables and some healthier options, this place is solid.  I love that they have a raw section on their menu. I also appreciate the lean meats on their menu that are not easy to find elsewhere: bison and ostrich. 

SERVICE: Great service. They did a fantastic job of accommodating me.

SUMMARY: Greens and Proteins seems a decent option for those on a plant-based diet looking for restaurant options, those seeking non-certified gluten free options,  or those looking for more generally healthy food options. 

It was not a good place for me. When I patronize a "healthy" establishment, I am seeking whole foods, less refined sugars and grains, great taste, few if any processed foods, and greater raw (and cooked) vegetable options. I do not think I will return to Greens and Proteins.
The food there is unique and pretty true to fact on it's healthy portions and calorie intake I like the location because it's near the gym so if I want a protein drink afterwards that's not from LVAC I can always go there. I do wish they would do something about their AC though the last time the heat was like a little higher then the outside.
Alright my first review from my phone! First off thanks yelp, makes it so much easier. Anyways back to the review. One of my favorite things about the Henderson area is the amount of amazing different dining options. I literally could grub off Eastern for a month straight and not get bored. Greens and Proteins is a unique healthier fresh option of just about anything you normally eat. They offer fresh juices and smoothies with everything from kale, to watermelon, pineapple and wheat grass. They also have elk and ostrich burgers and bison cheesesteaks. My personal favorites are the wellness drink (a veggie/fruit mixture) and the berry parfait. That comes with yogurt, house made granola, dried and fresh fruit. There are breakfast lunch and dinner options available, and they come with sides like jicama or tofu fries. This place has made eating healthy so much easier. The staff is polite and educated in the foods they offer. There is also a "spa water" which is a cucumber lemon infused water. YUM. Honestly, I plan on being the duchess to this place very soon. 
Extra: check in on yelp for a $1 off :)
I've been wanting to go check out Greens & Proteins after I hit the gym for months now. I finally did this weekend and was pleasantly surprised with their GREEN SHAKE. I'm glad I chose to use almond milk rather than soy milk in the shake because I think the sweetness helped, but it was still tastier than what I expected for a shake that is mixed with spinach, collard greens and kale! After this first run I know I'll be back to try a few more smoothie options.
First time at this place and the food is amazing! I had the wellness drink and my husband had the turkey club. So fresh and healthy! Did not disappoint! 

The atmosphere was pleasant and refreshing.
Came here with a friend and ordered an all raw meal. The jicama fries are plain out bad. There is nothing special about them. The raw pizza had an unusually thin crust like a chip and the flavor was not good either. My friend got the nachos and was also not impressed. Hate to give such a thumbs down but gotta be honest.
Definitely unforgettable !!! I've never had a worse meal, I ordered the "turkey" burger and I'm still searching for flavor!
I'm SO HAPPY I finally got to try Greens and Proteins after living here for 1.5 years!! This wasn't the best place to come for hangover food but I'm sad I waited so long to try this place out! Really unique menu items and good for a gal that's watching what she eats as everything has the calorie count and I think most menu items are only in the 300 calorie range. Things coming out were pretty fast but I have to come back again to try a green smoothie here! Check in on Yelp and I think you can get $1 off any smoothie.
Eat well and feel swell.

That is how I feel after every meal here! It is a really cute restaurant that is always packed and after you taste the food you understand why. The staff are professional and friendly. I have yet to find something that is not overly exciting to the tastebuds.

My go-to beverage of choice is the green ginger limeade. It is a drink that I crave all the time!

The latest food adventure was the spaghetti squash parm, and I will be back for more! I also highly recommend the veggie wrap. Not sure what is in the sauce but the first bite made me wish all vegetarian dishes tasted that good!
I am really not sure what the fuss is all about with this place. The service is abhorrently slow, they aren't particularly customer-centric and the prices for what you get are super high.

I've been in several times, don't know why I'm just now writing this, but I get the same thing generally every time.

This time walked up and was just asking a generic question, but was definitely ready to order when the guy in front of me picked up the phone and spent 3-4 minutes taking someone's order that was calling in. I just stood there and stared until he was done. Super rude.

Ordered the vegetable parm and it came with a small side of spinach. I was under the impression that I was getting a side of spaghetti squash, but it was actually UNDER the parm. Weird. This small plate of absolutely nothing cost me $10. Not happy. 

I've had pizza here before as well and while it had a nice taste to it, it again wasn't worth what I paid for it.

I get the concept here and I'm sure it looks cool when you hang out a place that touts itself as so healthy, but it really is a ripoff and the food isn't that great; it's just OKAY. 

Save some money and do it yourself, really.
Greens and Proteins was good, but every time I come here I wait forever.. I really like their Pizzas, turkey burger, smoothies, soups.
I've been here twice with friends.  The first time I got the bison burger with tofu fries (I gave the fries to my friend I DID NOT like them at all.) I wish I had gotten the jicama fries instead.  I got one of the cocktail smoothies which tasted good, but not for the price.  The next visit I got some sorta feta cheese salad that was actually really tasty and added some grilled chicken.  Both visits I paid between $17-$18 which just wasn't worth it to me.
Tofu Fries! Jicama nachos! 

Watermelon juice something.. Everything was pretty delicious being an "almost-vegan" establishment. Our venture here was not a disappointment after discovering the delicious drinks they had on hand and the tofu fries. 

My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
Like others have said, I really want to like this place! Love the idea, but the food is just so-so. I was pretty disappointed.
Great Healthy food very trendy atmosphere lots of beautiful women in gym clothes and great service. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is it's pretty expensive
I really wanna like this place. I would give it 3.5 stars if I could. The food is good if you know what to order. If you do not, you might get stuck with something less than good.

The good-
The juices are pretty good. Never been disappointed here.
They have a sort of build your own meal. You pick a protein, grain, veggie and a sauce. That was probably my favorite meal here.
I also have tried the Gluten free pizza and it was pretty tasty.

The bad-
I ordered a burger with a gluten free bun. The gluten free bun was stale and hard.  I was really disappointed.
I know people seem to love the tofu fried but I did not like them. They were just rubbery and tasteless.


The service for me has always been pretty good. Once, they messed up me and my husband's order and they were quick to make it right, giving us an extra order of tofu fries. Though once my husband went in to pick up our order and a kid at the front desk called him "boss" which really annoyed him. He found it a bit condescending. 

Yes, I will go here again. I actually meet people here all the time. The dinning room is comfortable the decor is organic and inviting.
I finally tried the ostrich burger, and it is excellent!  I had an apple pie smoothie with it and that was very good. I've had a few of the other shakes here as well, and they are all good, but  none of them 'wow' me.  Then again, I'm really not much of a shake person.  Oh, and the tofu fries are very tasty. Same cannot be said for the jicama fries. 

It is a pricey dining experience.  My ostrich and apple pie smoothie cost me $24.31.  That meal was definitely worth the experience, but I wouldn't pay that much to experience it again.  This place is a rare visit for me.
Love this place, i had the ostrich burger OMG it was great having it well done it was still moist and tender. Tofu fries are becoming my favorite.. My friend MMA fighter Kyra had the Chicken satay-6 great size chicken skewers. 

Great decor and look. The owner was dressed nice and served our food and was very welcoming. Def. going back to this spot in vegas!
Perfect post gym meals. Ostrich burger and a Wellness with extra ginger FTW.
Ok I don't know what I am gonna do when I leave Vegas for the Basketball season! I am going to miss this place! I pre order my drink via phone and I order it do much they know my voice what customer service! RC and my main man Kevin are amazing! My favorite drink is the wellness little grapes, no agave &extra greens! A must try!
I love you Greens and Proteins, I just don't know if I can trust you.

Spectacular Food: I saw them make that Apple Pie Shake. I saw what they put into it, and it should not taste as good as it does. There is some witchcraft going on here.

Prices: Not cheap. Especially for strip mall food but lots of quality and fresh ingredients make this a justifiable expense. This is not just a bunch of freeze dried crap from the Sysco truck. 

Here's the thing for this glorious temple of health: we really need detailed nutritional information. Myself and the other regular clients are extremely dietarily concerned. We have Macros and Calorie totals that are a delicate balance, and the nutritional information we get, when we get it, will just be a calorie number. That number is clearly not accurate as often it is attached to an item that can be served seven different ways. They also don't elaborate on side items. We really need detailed counts of carbs, protein and fat and a way to account for how changes in order (extra cheese, different wrap type, etc...) account for changes in nutritional information.

I wouldn't normally complain about this for a restaurant that has two locations but this is crucial for this type of establishment. If this existed I would easily give them five stars.
Worst place ever! Very over priced, and not comfortable to eat in! Place is so unorganized with their staff it's ridiculous! Managers are a joke! As for the kitchen how can you eat lunch when all you hear is the cooks yelling right there! DO NOT GO HERE !!!!!!!!
Had the tofu fries-perfectly done with great dipping sauce. Also had the banana chocolate smoothie-incredibly delicious! Love this place. Definite stop on every work trip to Vegas
A really cool place to eat with lots of different options that accommodate any sort of dietary restriction. I really enjoyed my meal, and thought it was a pretty unique way of presenting a menu/choices (as you choose the different foods in your meal from a list of choices for each part that add up to make a healthy, balanced meal).

You could go here with a group consisting of people ranging from vegans to people on special diets to somebody who loves meat or seafood and I think everybody would end up happy. Very healthy and just a cool idea.
Love it. Everyone was so nice in there. I would definently go again. Must try the smoothies!
Love their healthy beast options great value for your money especially after a workout!!!
I love the food but I'm NEVER going back to this location! They mess my order up every time and then make me feel bad for it, and then when my remake was ready he walked past me 5 fuckin times like he didn't see me! I'm pissed! Not good customer service! What's the point of calling ahead if ur always gonna mess it up!!!!
Great place for people with or without eating restrictions. My mother in law has to go Gluten-free, so we try to find locations that accommodate all palates.  This is one of those places! Although I try to eat healthful, I don't really deny myself good food. This places allows you to eat well and flavorful. You don't feel like you are giving anything up. I had the bison burger with Swiss cheese and jicama fries.

I'm also not a fan of green drinks. But I had a taste of the wellness drink and it was really good. 

So give this place a chance, you won't be sorry!
Loved my veggie wrapped in Napa cabbage! Got takeout from here once, rice and veggie bowls, though, and there were NO condiments, so everything was pretty darned bland. I come to places like this to steal ideas for my home cooking.
Called in an order for pickup and they forgot the tofu fries for the bison burger and the turkey bacon. The wellness drink is delicious but get your sh** together.
Amazing food , so hard to choose from everything . The smoothies and juices r delicious too . You can't go wrong with that wellness drink . Definitely with the hype !
Prices are outrageous. $10.80 for a warm salad in a tortilla & you place your own order. I know this place is hip & happening. Maybe that's the draw.

Burgers are $9-$14, you place your own orders and atmosphere is non-existent. 

I really like the idea of a restaurant that offers healthier choices. I buy & eat tofu, organic veggies and grass fed beef. They are marginally more expensive  These prices would fly in a nicer setting with full table service, not a place that feels like a food truck experience.
I LOVE the Green Ginger Limeade! Also, this place has nice ambiance... aka attractive women hanging out after their gym sessions. If I lived in Vegas, I'd be here all the time.
Great food! Okay prices.Food is fresh and delicious! Great for when I need a break from cooking! No cheating on my diet there!  They have everything you need!
I'm hungrily sitting in my car waiting for my friend and this place came up on yelp. I saw a picture of the bison cheesesteak wrap and decided that I needed it.

Luckily, I was a couple miles away. When I got there, there was a bunch of people outside. I walked into a half empty restaurant. Plenty of places for ya'll to sit! The cashier was okay, not that friendly or memorable. It always enjoy nice service.

Got my food to go and I was stoked. The cheesesteak wrap looked just like the picture, and was pretty huge. But, alas not everything is what you expect it to be. It felt kind of dry. The wrap was definitely lacking. I was a bit disappointed I bothered to take the drive and took the time to get lost -_-
The tofu fries, another let down. I know tofu isn't very flavorful, but these fries looked like they should have tasted better than they did. It had a bunch of red powder, but I guess that was just decoration.

I would forsure want to try something else here though because I feel like I just ordered the wrong thing.
Their green vegie drink was amazing!  The atmosphere is was awesome with free wifi and lots of outlets!
Great healthy food and the WELLNESS drink is amazing.  
The tofu fries didn't blow me away, but the bison burger is really good.
Friendly staff & cute atmosphere. 
Free wifi. Great place to relax whenever the Starbucks next door is too busy (which is always).
Price isn't outrageous for the quality of food.

I look forward to coming here every time I am back in Vegas!
Ordered the custom meal. The ahi tuna was cooked perfect as well as the quinoa and wakame salad. The smoothie was ok. I was not blown away. I took a taste of the tofu fries. They were okay not great. I think they should be cut smaller so they're not mushy inside or use a harder tofu.

Overall a good place for vegans, gluten free, etc.
Love at first sip ... Green Machine shake ... a must have!  and Tofu fries :) nom nom
I love this place!!!! I got out of m routine of stopping by but will be making it a priority to get healthy in 2014.
I don't know why this place got an average of four stars. I got the egg white omelet with turkey sausage and for the portion size and bland taste, it was definitely not worth ~$8. The only thing I liked was the little orange slice they put on the place. I could make better breakfast at home!

Ok my sister's oatmeal was tasty but it wasn't anything I couldn't recreate myself. 

The girls at the front were super nice but the food was a waste of moolah. If my dinky omelet was $3.99 maybe I wouldn't be so harsh.
Love having the wellness after a work out. Always so refreshing and even wakes me up. Didn't love the tofu fries ... But I guess can't expect much from tofu fries. Love the idea of greens and protein and think they will start popping up everywhere
Definitely will be back!! 

Vegan,  vegetarian and Raw options Finally!!!! 

We had the Veggie burger with out the bun and tofu fries. 

I am a fan that all calories are posted with each meal or ingredient. 

Locations all around the city.
For my 50th review I wanted it to be a place I newly am in love with which is Greens & Proteins! I've visited them three times now and each time is amazing. They have an amazing menu of healthy items suited for any diet from Atkins to HCG. G&P has it covered.

On my first visit I ate their Crab and Avocado lettuce cups. It was very tasty and healthy. The lettuce cups came loaded with real crab! Definitely worth the $9.99 price tag. I also had their Wellness Drink! Let me tell you I am totally in love with their Wellness Drink (minus the pineapple cause i'm allergic). It only has 286 calories and  tastes amazing. I love the green grapes and the fact that they use agave nectar is perfect for my diabetes!!! 

On my next couple visits I ordered the Wellness Drink of course, but I brought my husband so I could try his drinks too! He tried the Apple Pie Smoothie. It totally tasted like apple pie! The one he got the other day though is almost as good as the Wellness drink ,but it's called the Tofu Banana Split! YUMMY! You can't taste the squash or any veggies that are in it. I recommend this one for your pickie eaters!

Greens and Proteins has a nice friendly staff and they are pretty knowledgeable about the food. They are a bit pricey, but the quality of the ingredients makes it worth it to me. I can't wait to go back to try some of their other food items, but I'll be back every chance I get for that Wellness drink!
LOL I recommend the V9
Love this place. I wish there were more of these around town. I always order the wellness drink and if I'm there for a meal I usually get the BBQ chicken pizza or the California chicken wrap. I enjoy pizza more so it's nice to order this and not feel guilty as it's around 300 calories. As you wait for your order you should sip on their cucumber water! This place has free wifi and a good amount of seating inside and outside. Both of these locations are right next to the LVAC gym which I like. To travel here for a healthy work lunch is far for me, but my coworkers and I have drove the extra 20 minutes, so I guess you can say its good enough!
Finding a healthy alternative to normal restaurants without sacrificing the actual taste of the food seems to be getting increasingly more difficult. Greens and proteins has finally mastered this problem and given people conscious of how they eat a place they can really enjoy. Lettuce cups are the best!
Why has it taken me so long to write a review for Greens & Proteins? I love this place for all the healthy items they serve, so I was surprised on my last visit that I never wrote one. 

Let me start by saying that they offer $1 off juices and smoothies with Yelp check in! My go-to drink would be their Wellness Drink. It contains green grapes, green apples, pineapples, oranges, lime, wheat grass, kale, spinach, collard greens, ginger, flax seed and agave. Sounds like a salad gone wrong, but it's delicious. Its sweet, so you don't get the overpowering vegetable taste. Just remember to keep stirring it so you don't get a thick sludge at the end. It's an awesome meal replacement or a post workout drink. 

Their food is just as healthy as their drinks. Nothing is processed and everything is made to order. I like their tofu fries (light on the seasoning) and their margherita pizza as well. They have burgers and wraps, with the options of whole wheat buns or spinach tortillas as substitutions. They also offer unique items like bison or ostrich patties for your burgers. The prices are a little higher here, but you have to remember that eating healthy doesn't come cheap. You do get high quality ingredients and friendly helpful service. So I think it's so worth the price.
I can say I've only had one item on the menu that I wasn't a fan of (Veggie Garden Burger), other than that I have liked everyhting else I've tried on the menu. I like that both locations are located in the same plaza as the gym I belong to, it's convinient to grab a bite to eat afterwards. So why not 5 stars? Here's my beef with G&P:

1. The listed calories next to the item doesn't count the entire entree, i.e;
      *Turkey Burger w/ alfafla, L,T,O and low fat cheese (served on a bun and tofu fries) that is everything included in the entree, so my thought would be the calorie count should include everything, right? Nope, it doesn't include the bun or the tofu fries or the cheese. 

2. Food should be organic for the price. Especially the vegetables/fruits going into the juices & smoothies. Average price is $7.50.

3. Employees should be more knowledgable about their product. When I asked two employees about the calorie count, both gave me a different answer. Also, when I had lunch with my vegan friend, she asked if the sauce that came with the tofu fries was vegan, the girl had no idea, she had to go in the back to ask. Turns out, it's not. 

I still like the place, I am just more aware of what I'm eating here. There are a few items on the menu I'm in love with, vegan pizza, tofu fries and the wellness drink, these will keep me coming back, also I love the cucumber water.
Angus Burger 5/5
Tofu Fries 5/5 
Jicama Fries...cold sticks with seasoning that look like fries 5/5
Watermelon, Raspberry, and Strawberry Juice 4/5

Recommend and we will return
I was extremely excited to try Greens & Proteins. Their veggie burger and tofu fries were praised by many so I figured it would be as amazing as reviewed.

I was mos def disappointed. The patty was really soggy. The texture was just weird and unlike any GOOD veggie burger I've had before. The tofu fries were OKAY. They were really crunchy on the outside but inside, it tasted like a soft scramble of egg whites. I don't think mine were cooked enough. & there were only 6 fries. SIX. Maybe if I had 10, I would've ate enough to have the same result as most reviewers.  

The experience didn't kill my hope in Greens & Proteins. I just won't ever have a burger there again. But I definitely will give their shakes a chance. They looked amazing!!
Very good food.  I normally get the Bison Cheese steak with a spinach wrap when  I go.  I have also had the Ostrich Burger and a few other things as well.  I have had most of their Juices and Shakes as well.  All of the food has been very good.  

It's always been good service as well.
I like to imagine everyone wants to shop at whole foods on a regular basis, but of course the luxury of doing so involves shelling out the dollars for a fraction of items, as opposed to the loads of groceries you can get somewhere else. But this isn't a review about whole foods is it? I always think these health food places are just a fad, I reference that specific store because they are known for fresh deliciousness, I visit it from time to time, buying $15 juiced items when I feel like I want to support John Mackey and Rene Lawson Hardy. I love the movement of natural produce, I don't love the prices though, but let me just say Proteins and Greens surprised me, I honestly thought I would have I regret my purchase but I was fine! No buyers remorse!
First of all big shoutout to the cashier for so pleasantly manning the line, the situation was heavily trafficked and she did it effortlessly! She prescribed the right thing for me to try and now I fell in love with this lil gem of a healthy dine spot.
Bison cheesesteak and tofu fries. Let me just say I hate tofu (except one specific dish that my friends mother makes)... These fries will change your tofu-hating life. DELICIOUS.
Ok. Let's talk about the "Wellness Drink"
Green grapes, green apple, pineapple, orange, lime, wheat grass, kale, spinach, collard greens, ginger, flax seed, agave 

You know what. Done talking. 

'Twas a spectacular first for me.

4 star, it is a little pricey- If I'm already spending that I expect all organic.
Plus side: Whole Foods juiced drinks you get a tall for like what? 12 bucks
Here you're getting a Venti for 7.50
I'm addicted!!! This place is absolutely phenomenal. If you're counting calories or looking for a healthy alternative, you can't go wrong with Greens and Proteins. Their Salads are delicious, the pizzas are amazing, the juices and smoothies are super healthy and tasty, and the Tofu Fries WOW!!! I will continue to come back.
My favorite local spot in town! Great for lunch! Love the salads....food is fresh. You won't be disappointed!
After a night of drinking and dancing, we came here the next morning. I got the Green Leaf Berry Blast smoothie and it is simply, hands down, the best smoothie I've ever had in my life. I could call it a vegan milkshake instead, because it tasted JUST like ice cream. Places like this not only make it easy to be vegan, but so rewarding. My friend got the Apple Pie Smoothie and she really loved it. We both agree this is the best smoothie place as of yet. Gotta come back to try the rest of the menu.
If you are looking for a "juice bar", this is not the place. I'm giving 2 stars because the food menu did look amazing, but I have not tried the food. 

I basically wanted a good strong green juice, but they said they only made blended drinks and would only use a fruit base. Fine. So I chose Watermelon since that was the most alkalizing option. Then I added "any greens you might have, so can I get the spinach, collard greens, kale, wheatgrass, yada yada..." 

The drink came out pink. When I asked if I got the wrong one she said I did not specify all of those things! I'm pretty sure they were thinking "oh, God not one of these chicks from LA again" the second I walked in, so when I babbled on about green green green they should have known I wouldn't be pleased with a pink drink. Anyways, they fixed it but didn't seem too pleased. And by "fixing it" I mean they added a small handful of greens and blended it into my drink.

My boyfriends shake was the Wellness one. It looked green but tasted like a pixie stick. How is so much acidifying sugar considered Wellness?

I probably won't be back, but maybe for the raw pizza!
I first started coming here about 2 years ago. Staff was really friendly, helpful AND, if you asked nicely, would get more smoothie if there were leftovers available. It was tasty and fairly priced. Always fairly empty even though a gym is in the same mall. 
 Looks like the gym rats in their gym clothes have finally discovered G & P's. The price is up about 25% for the smoothie, and the wait is up as well. I would have gone back, but the price increase deterred me.
The customer service was so extraordinary, I am updating my review to reflect my experience. Both the owners responded to me. Whether they do or not is not personal for me - it's business. And they both care for their customers and their business. 
I got the Green Wellness Smoothie- tastes good AND I get my vegeys and fruits. Even my carnivorous buddy's getting a smoothie here. I love the concept. And the staff is friendly and helpful. 
I'll be back.
Delicious and way healthy for what I'm used to! I guess that's a good thing after having giving birth to a baby boy and slacking off on the workout. It kinda makes me want to go back to the  gym. Had the granola French toast and wellness drink. Hubby got the p&g breakfast burrito..yum! All tastey and good, but way too pricey for my drink and toast was a bit soggy. Thank god for groupons!!!
Omg!! This place is so so so good!! We got the ranch BBQ chicken pizza and it tasted better than CPK and its healthy!! We will quickly be regulars here because it's delicious!!!
Try the WELLNESS DRINK. It's green and might look questionable but trust me, it's delicious. They're tofu fries with aioli on the side is tasty and a great alternative when you're a French fries addict like myself. Haven't tried everything on the menu but so far I've noticed their burgers and wraps are the winners. The place itself is very trendy and clean. The only downfall of this place are the prices. Definitely not cheap. Expect to pay at least $8 for their drinks/smoothies.
I was skeptical about going here because I thought it would be flavorless since its so healthy... This place is REALLY GOOD!! I havent had anything that wasnt good yet, I would go here more often if it was closer.  I really like the Bison Wrap and the Margarita Pizza but the pizza to get is the BBQ Chicken Pizza!!
Awful experience here today.  I work in the Las Vegas service industry so I am fully aware of service standards. When I walked in at 4:30pm there was no one in line.  I knew what I wanted to order so I went straight to the register to place my order (1 Apple Pie Smoothie).  The two female employees prepping ingredients continued to chit chat with themselves, not acknowledging my presence for a full minute of standing at the register.  Finally one came over and took my order, my name, and payment.  The other employee started working on my smoothie.  I watched her pour in almond milk and then dump at least a CUP of nutmeg in my smoothie and gasp 'Oh my God' to the other employee.  (A little sprinkle of nutmeg goes a long way).  The two of them decided it best her her to  scoop the nutmeg out with her gloved hands.  Unsuccessfully, she decided to start my smoothie over (thankfully, as I watched her like a hawk, regretting having just paid $8 for a smoothie).  Meanwhile the other employee helped the two customers behind me as I watched employee 1 take her sweet a$$ time re-making my smoothie.  The other employee managed to make FOUR other smoothies (for customers behind me) in the time it took employee 1 to make one smoothie.  This all took about approx 10 minutes.  Then, employee 1 tried to give my smoothie away to another customer behind me.  I finally walked up and said, "that's for (my name), right?" "Oh oops, here you go!" was her response to me.  No 'sorry about the 10 minute wait'.  Sorry Greens & Proteins, no matter how hungry I am and how hard it is to get a healthy snack when I'm all the way across town, I will faithfully use my own Blendtec at home and make better, cheaper smoothies.  And I"ll make sure to tell my friends.
We have ordered Greens and Proteins to go, many times. The food is delicious, the drinks are good *although I question the validity of the nutrition, as the other reviews mention* and it is insanely close to our house which makes it a quick and easy option. The prices are a bit high, but the quality in the food is worth it for a quick bite. 

They have always messed something up on our order, but they usually fix it with little complaint *although there has been some in the past*. Today, they refused to fix it and we will not return again because of this. We ordered a pizza, burger and two drinks, as normal. They routinely miss the drinks on the order, but usually make them quickly when it is pointed out. Today was a different case; the girls had a horrible attitude, barking that the order did not include drinks. My husband explained that it did, and they finally decided to give us one, but would not give the two that we paid for. I have a call out for a manager to return my call to issue a refund to my card, but with their attitudes, I am not hopeful that I will ever actually receive this call. 

We were willing to pay the price for the food, but the attitudes and poor customer service are something we can't live with. You just lost a weekly customer - bummer!
Love the green juices!
Greens and Proteins is a great option if you are looking for something quick, yet healthy.  The skinny chef salad is a favorite of mine!  You can also get 1/2 salad, which is nice if you are not too hungry.  I would go there just for the free cucumber/lemon water!!  It is so delicious and refreshing.
First place I go to eat when I'm in Las Vegas!  Great healthy food!
I was really impressed. The menu features  delicious healthy options with calorie information. I enjoyed a bison cheesesteak that was only 600 calories. My partner has pizza with hummus as the sauce and feta as the cheese. Cucumbers represented the pepperoni. Very good affordable meal.
I've been wanting to try this place out for a while since I've been looking for healthier alternatives for lunch while I'm out in the area.  I was not disappointed.  The menu boasts a wide range of choices without being overwhelming.  I had the bison burger with the fried tofu and a green ginger limeade to drink.  The bison burger was cooked perfectly; juicy and flavorful.  The fired tofu was excellent--I never thought bean curd could be made to taste so good--I had to remind myself I was actually eating tofu.  And the green ginger limeade was surprisingly tasty--light with a hint of ginger; not too sweet at all.  I will definitely be back to try the ostrich burger and fried jicama.
The food is very good.  Its the best healthy burger I can find in town.
Very disappointed after finding out that they are not organic!! I thought a place called greens and proteins would be an organic focused place! Don't be mistaken people!
Great place, but be prepared to spend a penny. Recommendation is to try the wellness drink most definitely
Just tried this place due to it's glowing reviews from several friends. I saw a Groupon for their breakfast and figured it would be the perfect opportunity. 

We ordered the G&P breakfast burrito, egg whites with sausage, and the whole grain pancakes. The burrito lacked any kind of flavor and was very wet. It was literally laying in a pool of liquid. I didn't try the sausage for the eggs but my stepson didn't care for them at all...once again no flavor.
The pancakes were the best out of the three, but were kind of on the dry side. I didn't mind but my significant other doused them on extra syrup.

I will try this place again, just not for breakfast. Maybe come back around lunch time bc that menu looked great.
The food is delicious, the staff are friendly and the service is quick. The green shake and Wellness drink are my favorite. Sometimes I'll customize my orders to change things up and G & P satisfies all my needs. It's nice to find a place that serves quality food.
I thought this place was awesome! I had the buffalo cheesesteak sandwihch with a side of jicama fries (not cooked...raw) which was a very welcome and wholesome change for the norm. 

The atmosphere is modern. Seating is pretty ample and comfortable for all sizes. Most of the patrons have on workout clothing as the LV Athletic Club is in the same shopping center. Parking seems a little cramped but there's always a good amount of parking spaces available. 

They also have cafe seating with very nice furniture. I was impressed and will definitely be returning.
This place is Amazing.. The burgers, shakes, wraps.. Everything! I love the quality of the food, it's always fresh, the staff is always friendly and happy.
Awesome food!! Can't believe how good the smoothies taste considering all the veggies in it.

We have had all of the following: green smoothie (recommend!), watermelon smoothie, chocolate veggiechino (realllly good), green leaf berry blast.

Breakfast burrito, Greek scramble, Multigrain Protein Pancakes with Bananas & Pecans (awesome! Can't believe how fluffy they were in consideration), Southwest Tofu & Chorizo Burrito, Real Deal Oatmeal (this was really nice too!), and lastly, but not least, the Margherita Pizza (this tasted really good, got the thin crust, tasted really fresh). 

I would just like to say that we did not have this all at one time. This was with three people on multiple trips! Everything tasted good but these are the ones that stood out and I would recommend: green smoothie, chocolate veggiechino, watermelon smoothie, the banana pancakes, real deal oatmeal, and the margherita pizza!
As an update, the manager did call and spoke with me about it. He seemed sincere in trying to resolve the issue. We did order last week online again without issue, in fact, they gave us 'extra' on the drink since we added protein and it wouldn't all fit in the glass. Have ordered protein everytime and have never had that happen, it was a nice surprise. Changed my rating here to three stars for overall experience seemingly getting better.
I tried the lettuce crab wraps and the bison cheese steak wrap.  I have to say they were both pretty darn delicious. 

I couldn't imagine a cheese steak wrap, let alone a bison, but once I took a bite...mmmmm was all that I hummed.  I have to say, as a wrap I couldn't even eat everything.  As a matter if fact I saved the other half for dinner.  I could not decide between the tofu fries or the jicama fries so I was able to go half half.  They both were good, but I did favor the tofu fries.  I think I might order that as a side by itself too.

This seems to be a pretty bust place, the whole time we were there, there was always a line. But it moves quick.  The servers, if you dine in, are quick and pleasant when serving and taking away your plates.  

I'm pretty excited that I tried this place out because I'm coming back to try even more things.  I'm going to also try some of those yummy smoothies I kept seeing everyone order.  

Yippie for greens and proteins!
The lunch choices are really good and the jicama fries are delish. I dont like the small amount of breakfast items they carry but everything can't be great, right? For the people who are calorie counting, the calories they put on the menu are not very accurate so beware.
Just received the worst service at greens and proteins ever.
Unbelievable. 
I called in the order, picked it up and the dressing was missing, the pizza was sitting there already cold, and they acted like it was my fault that the dressing wasn't there.  The crust on the pizza is burnt, I am disappointed because I frequently dine at greens and proteins, its a bummer when one of my favorite restaurants delivers poor service. 
Children on board, HENCE THE REASB I CALLED IT IN!!!!
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! I love the healthy atmosphere this place has and how they create such delicious entrees that are good for you! The bison Philly cheese wrap is delicious and the bison burger as well! 

The chocolate peanut butter banana shake is so decadent and it's a little pricey (7.50) but the portion size is huge! So it's definitely worth it. 

The people there are really nice too! They cooked my moms steak well done and she wanted medium rare and so they made her another one and there was no attitude or anything. 

Definitely recommend !
Why aren't you in California!!?? I was in Vegas about 3 weeks ago and tried this place out. Admittedly I am not a super healthy eater, but my friends who live in Vegas are and they swear by this place. I went for lunch and had the Bison Cheesesteak and it was amazing! And the fact that is was much better for you than a traditional cheesesteak was even more amazing. I went back a couple of days for breakfast and it was just as good. The best thing I can say about this place is that you don't realize you are eating "healthy" food. The taste, portions, and service are great. If I could, I would eat there all the time!
Always good! Yummy eats... Bison Burgers... I mean, come on ;-) My hubby loves them! I no longer eat red meat, however, If I did... This would be my spot for it... 

I love the broccoli soup, Chicken Salad, hummus platter... not like original hummus, however, still pretty good ;-) 

If you are on the prowl for some healthy, yummy eats... then, this is the place for you!

Besides the fact that they are neighbors to Starbucks ;-)

~your constant companion,

~dee
We are from out of town and we came to greens and proteins for breakfast on a Saturday to try out. Our party of two walked in the door, there was no one in line, yet no one greeted us or asked if we had any questions. After looking at the menu I ordered a breakfast burrito with turkey sausage and my partner had a Greek egg whites omelette. The flavor of the food was nonexistent. It is very rare for us not to finish our food when we go out to eat, but this is an exception for us. The cheese on the burrito was not cooked, tasted awful, and they forgot the feta cheese in my partners omelette! When the server finally brought us our food outside, she forgot forks and napkins. She told me I need to go inside to get those and did not offer any assistance or ask how our meal was. We will definitely not return, and will recommend that our friends and family try somewhere else when they are in Vegas! The Decour inside was very nice, we liked the water fountains have a laid-back atmosphere, but the food and the service was absolutely horrible.
I was really excited to try this place finally because of all the great Yelp reviews.  Unfortunately I wasn't excited when I finally went and checked out the prices.  You get what you pay for, right? Eh.

This was a stop after yoga - I thought it would be nice to have a low-calorie fruit smoothie to come back to reality before going home and cooking/cleaning.  I ordered the Loaded Antioxidant Chiller - green grapes, blueberries, blackberries, agave nectar (188 cal).

The lady at the cash register seemed pretty indifferent, so I can't say if it was good or bad service. Indifferent service? Sure. It was a bit of a wait for JUST a smoothie when there were only 2 or 3 people ahead of me.  The atmosphere is nice at least - I do enjoy the indoor waterfall wall and natural tables.

Got my smoothie and left.  The taste was good - nothing to really OMG over - but I don't think it was almost $6 something good - and that was with my $1 off Yelp check-in!

I dunno, maybe I need to order food but the prices are a HUGE turn-off.  The yummy pictures of tofu fries may bring me back.  Stay tuned...
It is SO hard to find healthy food in Vegas! Normally I would probably give this place 4 stars but because it is so hard to find a healthy place to eat out they get 5 stars! Order the protein pancakes, turkey burger, or fruit juices! All delicious!
We were in April 12th in the am.. We had a wonderful server, she was VERY attentive, asked how our morning was, ECT. We were very impressed with Tomisha and will be back soon to see her again. ALWAYS a smile, great conversation, and overall just great food and service!
I had Straight to the Heart juice. The ingredients were green grapes, honey, avocado pit, wheatgrass, ginger, and lime. The first couple of sips were a bit bitter but overall was it was ok. I did try the Green Ginger Limeade and it was good!

The menu did have a variety and I like the fact you can build your own meal. Overall this place has something for everyone. Definitely coming back.
I like this food.  Seems healthy. Good value.  Two locations.  Jicama fries are awesome.
This place is like my second kitchen. I love everything on the menu, especially the French toast. They make it easy to maintain a healthy diet for a person who's constantly on the go. Plus they are more then happy to adjust your order to your specific diet needs. I'm a ovo vegetarian and asking for a substitute of eggs in a wrap or burger instead of the meat is never an issue.
Greens is my everyday lunch spot. There are so many options. I never get bored. Tofu fries, extra crispy, the bison wrap or the low calorie Caesar salad with salmon are to die for. Never thought eating healthy could be so yummy and addicting. Love this place!!!
Good Smoothies and Juices but ehh on the salads and over priced.

I guess if you stick a healthy label on a restaurant you would always expect to pay high prices. 

What I do like are the juices and smoothies as their made from real fresh ingredients. The last time we were here we ordered the "Green Shake"; "Green Ginger Limeade" and the "Albacore Tuna Salad"

The "Green Shake" comes with Banana, almonds, mango, orange, apple, avocado, spinach, collard greens, kale, vanilla, agave nectar. Sounds like they put the kitchen sink in this shake but you can taste hints of every ingredient. You get a dose of fruits and vegetables and an added extra protein burst with the almonds. You can substitute this for a meal as it's very filling. 

The "Green Ginger Limeade" comes with Green grapes, spinach, ginger, lime, agave nectar. Its a very refreshing drink and its not filled with a bunch of sugars. One of the things I love about this drink is the ginger. It does not overpower the drink as it adds a unique sweetness. 

The "Albacore Tuna Salad" comes with Tomatoes, celery, cucumbers and bibb lettuce, Dijon dressing. Now this was such a big disappointment. My thoughts ordering this was I was going to get seared tuna on top of greens but to my surprise it was canned tuna and the large size was priced at 9.99. I felt like I just got ripped off. The dressing was also a little too strong with the Dijon but at least it killed the taste of the canned tuna. 

I would definitely come back for the Juices and Smoothies but would hesitate to order another salad. There are other selections available on the menu like pizzas and burgers that I might try next time.
TOFU FRIES!! I like it here. Ok, it is pricey here but it definitely is quality. I normally get one of the many pizza options. I do like the Greek pizza mostly. You have the option to have your pizza crust as low cal lavash, gluten free crust or pita. Also you can have vegan cheese (nope, I will never order vegan cheese). Definitely the favorite menu item is the tofu fries. Crisp and well seasoned. I had the turkey burger with tofu fries last time I was here and it was sheer perfection. The smoothies are yummy and jam packed with nutrients. Also they have wifi which was helpful when I used to have to study. Definitely a good place to go and not feel guilty afterwards and still feel as if you had a filling meal!
Super healthy food and very clean restaurant! The bison burger was so good and I did not feel weighted down after eating it. Many veggie and vegan options as well as regular diet to choose from. I am not a fan of jicama but the seasoning on the jicama fries complements it well. I would go back to try to beverages they offer.
Wow. Just had the turkey and it was awesome!
It's nice to eat quick - have it be good and healthy and only a few dollars more than what daft food (my phone autocorrected fast food to daft food and I think that's a better name for it so I'm leaving it) would cost. 
2 sides came with it - I had sauted kale (it was ok) and asparagus (really good).
Excellent attempt at doing a restaurant that is healthy and yet accessible to everyone.
I was pleasantly surprised with the bison burger I ordered from Greens and Protein. Burger was cooked perfectly and it tasted so good I almost felt bad about eating it. But then I remembered it's a bison burger on a whole wheat bun. Wish there was a location closer to me because I would be here all of the time.
I write this review with tears of gratitude in my eyes. I'm visiting friends in LV for a week, and I'm wicked broken. You think gluten free would be hard, try being gf, dairy, soy, canola, rice, and potato free (amongst others) due to sensitivities. It's rough. 
After carefully reading their menu for about 8 minutes, the wonderful cashier helped me out with a few specifics. I ordered the bison patty with kale and sweet potato mash, and the lump crab and avocado lettuce cups. I watched as they made sure EVERYONE in the kitchen was alerted to the specifics of the ticket, consulted the recipe book just in case, and made sure they had my back as they prepared my food. 
It was all great, clean food. I couldn't ask for more. Thank you so so much. Recommended to every person around.
Please open a location in Santa Monica!  Tried the ostrich burger while traveling and need to have it more often.  Great, quick service and high quality nutritious food (actually healthy not "healthy-like").  Good variety - want to try everything on the menu!
Stumbled upon this place and so glad I stopped!  Had the Green Ginger Limeade!  Only 176 calories and it was so good - green grapes, spinach, lime, and agave nectar for the sweetness...it was so refreshing and loved the ginger kick.  It was good but not overpowering.  I read some of the reviews that said the menu was limited.  I didn't think so at all!  They had a lot of options... and the best part is they serve breakfast all day!  I had the scrambled eggwhites and turkey sausage.  I asked them to make it into a wrap so they did.  It was great!  And I ordered a side of the Tofu Fries.  Definitely do the tofu fries... they were so good!!!  I was full, but didn't feel disgusting. It was the perfect meal after my workout!!
Indeed a healthy and delicious choice!!! e

Even though some foods many be bland they're still pretty good and best thing, you can even taste how HEALTHY they are ;)
Yum and yum. A haven in strip mall hell. I had mixed plate and it was so flavorful and healthy.
Yummy Yum Yum!!
Such excellent, kind effective service and a delicious meal. 
Today is a great day, thank you Greens and Proteins~ Redemption!!! LoL!
Greg, Thank you so much for being conscious and in care of- honestly I am blown blown blown away.
First visit: caffeinated smoothie. TERRIBLE. You think it'd be good, combining two of my favorite things. Think again! 

Second visit: berry smoothie. Still not a good flavor. Plus, my friend order a small cheese pizza for her four year old (no kids menu options). Pizza came out wrong. They were nice and quickly fixed the situation after minor pushback. 

Overall- overpriced and overrated. I wish we had better smoothie place options in this area for post gym snacks!
Not impressed with this place. Don't waste your time it's too expensive and they don't deliver on the food descriptions.They should  stick to smoothies.
While attending a  training in the area I fell in love with this place..  I ate there every day ... and later was bring others from the class.  I love organic and healthy choices, juices, smoothies, vegetarian and vegan options.... and this was a perfect place for me. Thank you .
Let's say...it smells healthy and clean in the cafe. I know that might sound weird but when you go to this place to eat you will know what I mean. 

I elected to try a protein shake here today and skip the Las Vegas Athletic club whey drink I normally get. The line was long and the dining area was packed. The staff was quick and friendly. I ordered a peanut butter banana smoothie which was chalk full of veggies,peanuts,raisins etc. I elected almond milk as well. The price was reasonable and I received my smoothie really quick. 

As for the taste... Less to be desires but good for being healthy. I would order a different shake next time. The texture was too gritty for me. I prefer my smoothies.. Well smooth! 

The food looked amazing and smelled great. Everyone eating seemed to love the food. I was impressed with the menu and hope to go back soon and try a bison burger! Yum!!!
If you want to eat healty - quickly and at a resonable price, this place is great. It's self service and the decor is nothing special, but it provides exactly what the names says.
If you want cheap , go somewhere else . If you want to eat clean and bomb food at that , this is the spot . So far everything I had here is awesome
The food is great. The employees are great. I just call or walk in and they already know and remember my order. Food brought to you and tabled cleared for you. Yes it is pricier than most, but it is healthy, tasty food. Owner is involved and there in the mix bring food to tables. Liz is great. Right next to gym so after a great workout a great meal. Clean and pleasing atmosphere. Try it. Greg and his staff do it right every time. Like another lady said, it is my second kitchen.
My favorite place for healthy eating options, and post workout refueling! Pizzas are delisH on lavash crust. I've also had the breakfast burrito and burgers which are also yummo! Love the atmosphere,  staff is always friendly!
The wellness drink is top notch.
Bison wrap and the burger are excellent.
It is a "got to go to" if you're looking to eat clean and are in the area. 
My kids eat here with us and they enjoy it.
 Thanks to LVAC being near by the customers have a tad of the "look at me I'm eating organic" douchey feel but it makes for good people watching.
The staff works fast and are pretty nice. The guy posted up at the counter (manager/owner) keeps things running smooth. A+.
Not organic enough, not gluten free enough.  A tiny bit vegan friendly as long as you eat any old vegetables, and most vegans don't. We pay attention. My regular cities where I dining are NYC and LA so by comparison it may have led to me be harsh with only two stars because for vegas this place might be a three or four star but for overall healthy food restaurants coast to coast it is a solid 2 star. My preferred combo of gluten free and vegan was too much for this place. That's normal. So, Conscious eaters need not apply. I was drawn in by the name because it sounded like something on Abbot Kinney - the hippest spot in Venice, CA. It's not truly a healthy food restaurant if you're actually into ACTUAL health food. If you're in transition from Chili's, Subway, TGIF's etc then this is a great stepping stone to Whole Foods or the vegan menu at the Wynn. The young guy behind the counter was not interested in my questions to determine what I could eat that had no eggs and no gluten. The answer "Not sure" when I ask if something has eggs or gluten is a bit of a lame response. The answer to what I could eat there was nothing so it didn't really matter anyways after all. My friend ordered a BBQ chicken pizza for takeout and devoured it, but since he regularly eats at Jack in the Box and McDonald's taking his word for quality food feedback is hardly realistic. In fact, his diet was so foul we had to cut way back on the hanging out. TMI. Still, people who go here seem to be enjoying it and the smoothie though not organic, that I took one tiny sip of, was pretty good. If you're not crazy picky about what you eat you'll love it and if you're a food snob keep driving.
Love the Wellness smoothie and tofu fries! Pizza and all the burgers are good too! Hummus is a little too dry though.
The people and the food are great!!! The staff is friendly and the shakes are so refreshing. Good little spot for a nice lunch with family and friends. Thank you Tyler for you exceptional service (:
Omg i love this place. The food and drinks are always on point. People are very nice. I usually go around lunch and its pretty packed so it may take a while to get your food, but the food always makes up for it. I like to venture out and try new things here from the menu! So far I have likes everything I've tried.
This place is amazing!!! My favorite place in vegas. The wellness drink is a must have! If you want to eat healthy but not sacrifice flavor!
At this location I've only had the raw macho nachos and the green smoothie but both are amazing and they are really fast here (compared with my experience at the other location, which isn't terribly slow; this place is just faster.)
I really like the raw menu items they offer at both locations and the smoothies are so filling and tasty. Everyone I've brought here for a drink/smoothie wants to go back all the time. Super delicious! :D Oh and the people behind the counter are really nice/positive attitudes - double :D
Crave-able is the gluten free crust Mediterranean pizza with extra kalamata olives... Extra Russian sauce from the double order if tofu fries... Seriously brilliantly yummy. Bummer was the wait for the wellness drink- however, smart that I called in the order. 
Amazing is this place. Good on ya that you are so busy... Deep breaths that we regulars have to wait for what we love. (Today it was worth it!)
Great place to eat healthy for breakfast lunch or dinner. Smoothies are a little pricey but otherwise everything else is amazing.
Have eaten here many times since it opened. Today is the last tho. It's happens to me three times now so I don't know why I'm surprised but I ordered egg whites and sausage and also protein pancakes. Turkey sausage was raw and like jello when I chewed it so I immediately spit it out and go to eat the pancakes and they are still batter inside. Smh. Like I said last time I ever eat here.
Excellent service, employees are always helpful. The food is great taste is wonderful, the customer service is excellent. I would highly recommend Greens and Proteins.
Service was slow, eggs not crispy at edges and firm in center when ordering over hard.  I love oatmeal and this place charged more for it than starbucks next door.   Next doors starbucks had better tasting n consistency oatmeal at half the price.  The plates are large, but the food rather bland.   I just can't see eating here again.  I can see eating next door at Starbucks again.  Also, don't check in on yelp here.  The service are oblivious to the discount.  Overpriced place with bad food and a nice name.  I think it would have been healthier to not eat than eat here, despite the nice healthy name.
Best selection and a favorite every time I'm in vegas. The menu caters to all....diet, vegan, whatever. ...it's all good. The chocolate peanut butter Nanna shake rocks.....
You have to ask for the veggie burger to be prepared "vegan" style.  They delivered it to me with non vegan spread. So be careful if you are vegan as they do not cater to vegans. Also your burger will be cooked on the same grill that a ostrich or bison burger was cooked just previously with the grill merely wiped off before your vegan burger is cooked. The food is good, but not certified vegan. The wellness drink is good, but not organic. I would skip this place if those things are important to you.
First time here, and I'm impressed by the menu size. They have anything a health-conscious citizen could ever want. Coming from a late night gym session, I stopped by here to please my appetite. I ordered a Bison Cheese Steak. It was fat and juicy enough to make my taste buds dance. It wasn't by no means a tango but more like a waltz, softly making you go hmmm.. that's interesting. Nevertheless it was delicious in its own respect. Tofu fries was great as well. I had a smoothie I can't remember but it was decent. I will return for a second opinion on the other items. I recommend this location to anyone enthusiastic to care enough about this review.
Pricey healthy food. But good! I love their smoothies/juices, lots of different options. My favorites are the Wellness drink, Green Leaf Berry Blast and Apple Pie Smoothie. They list all of the ingredients and calories on the menu so that's great.
As for food, they offer a great variety as well. Soups, salads, BURGERS, PIZZA lol, raw and smaller items. I must say, for being super healthy, the tofu fries are actually pretty good. I also like their Bison Burger and BBQ Chicken Pizza. Where else can you eat a whole pizza for around 350 calories?? Score!
If you're an avid greens & proteins person, they have an app where you can place orders. It's pretty busy most of the time so that's helpful. Workers are friendly and there's a bit more wait time so give them an extra 5 minutes.
I was thinking to give them 3 stars because it's a little pricey and because nothing is like omg melt in your mouth i'm craving for it good but then I had to smack myself and remind myself what type of business they are. Let's get real, it's not meant to taste like cheesecake factory with 1500 calories per dish lol for the type of food they offer, they do amazing. And again, for the type of food they offer, it's naturally pricey anyways so 4 stars! Don't forget to check in for $1 off juices and smoothies!  :)
G & P gets better all the time. Varied menu selections make this a favorite place.  What impresses me as much as the food quality is the fact that if something is not to your liking (and no place is perfect) just explain that to them & they will eagerly make it right.  This is a quality, healthy, & well run restaurant with freshly prepared smoothies & food that will please you.
The best place to hit after a workout! So convenient and most importantly AMAZING! I love their wellness drink and the build your own menu. While on contest prep I was able to grab a quick, healthy bite here and they are always willing to customize your order (no added salt, oil, etc.) Everyone is really nice and helpful, but Mariah makes the best drinks in town! She always has a genuine smile, friendly attitude, and seems stress-free---even with a line out the door! Keep it up guys!
This place isn't too bad. If this restaurant were in California I would give it 2 stars, being that it's in Vegas I'm just glad there's a place for people who want healthier eats. The food was a bit bland but I'm sure I would visit again if I need something fast and healthy.
Literally the BEST juice I have ever had. I'm honestly, extremely picky about juices...haven't found one that I liked...till now! The Wellness Drink is one that is a must try. It had green grapes, green apple, pineapple, orange, lime, wheat grass, kale, spinach, collard greens, ginger, flax seed, and agave. The proportions were perfect that you don't taste too much of one ingredient. 

I only gave it 4 since this is the only item I've tried. I wish they brought it to LA, it would do so well! Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm DEFINITELY coming back.
Who says healthy food has to be boring, bland and unsatisfying? I've tried just about everything on the menu at G&P and the food is filling, flavorful, and crave-inducing. Trust me - you don't need to be a health nut, workout warrior, or calorie-counter to appreciate the great food at this place. 

Whether you're bringing along a picky kid, a demanding spouse, a high-maintenance date, or a complainer co-worker, the menu seems to have something for everyone... And the biggest surprise of all? Even my Dad "the diva diner" loves Greens & Proteins! 

This place is also extremely well-run with the type of customer service we demand and expect here in Las Vegas. Best of all, the most beautiful bodies in the city seem to eat here everyday, giving Greens & Proteins the best "views" in the valley. 

A few people on "Yelp" have complained about the prices, but I honestly don't get where they're coming from. This place is not Taco Bell, folks. You're paying for high quality, great-tasting, healthy food here -- not processed belly fill packed with preservatives that only tastes good when you're hammered or "high on life." For what you get, the prices at Greens & Proteins are very reasonable, in my opinion.

I typically choose the "Build Your Own Custom Meal" option, where you pair a grain, vegetable, and protein of your choice with your favorite sauce on the side. I usually opt for the bison patty ($12.99) or the chicken breast ($9.99) and always have a hard time deciding which delicious sauce to order (the options are aged balsamic, spicy peanut, citrus BBQ, walnut cilantro pesto, teriyaki, lemon vinaigrette, or tangy buffalo). The Bison Cheesesteak Wrap is also one of my favorite items ($10.99) and I usually see a bunch of them getting ordered during my visits.
Love this place! Just left there and had an amazing experience. Being new to Vegas from California is a bit rough being that the health food options here are scarce. I was so happy to find this place. I had the veggie wrap and my husband tried the veggie burger, we both agreed that it was the best veggie burger we've had. I took a few bites! the customer service was above and beyond! This is the kind of place I was worried I wouldn't find when we first moved here. I will definitely be a regular!
We came here so my fianc could try ostrich but sadly they were out. So we ordered a wellness juice which is pretty good, he ordered a angus burger and I order a grilled veggie wrap ( because I'm vegetarian) and they gave me a grilled chicken wrap?? What? Chicken doesn't sound like veggie... And the jicama "fries" are raw and taste like dirt. Additionally the cashier was kinda snotty to us. Seeing as it's our first time and we got some crappy service and a wrong order they get 3 stars.
The most amazing tasting salmon, quinoa, broccoli, with balsamic reduction ever- salivating happening well after eaten- beautiful meal! 
Mouthgasims... Food porn in its finest. 
Is there really anything better than great service coupled with brilliant fucking, tasting sexy healthy food that makes the body quiver? Hey, man food matters- this body temple is served and happy. 
Cheers Greens and Proteins- Molecularly Happy!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  We've been there three times and I love it more each time.  Fresh, healthy food made in-store. They offer you a choice of chips or a piece of fruit (usually an orange or a banana) with your sandwich/salad or soup.  They have wraps, flatbread sandwiches and real sandwiches.  I've had their Thai Chicken wrap (chicken, wontons, carrots, sesame seeds, romaine, thai peanut dressing on a white tortilla) and their Salsa Sunrise wrap for breakfast (eggs, ham, bacon, pepper jack, salsa on a white tortilla).  Let me tell you, their salsa is SPICY!  Whew!!  Both were absolutely delicious!  The breakfast wrap I particularly enjoyed because the ingredients were fresh and you can choose from the junior size (only $1.99!!) or the regular size ($3.99).  The junior size and a smoothie is just right for the a.m. for me.  The smoothies are made with turbinado instead of sugar, or they will make them with Splenda if you ask.  I personally have tried the Blimey Limey (strawberries, pineapple, orange and lime), the Blue Lagoon (blueberries, strawberries & banana), the Sunny Day (mango, banana, orange & kiwi), and the Sunrise Sunset (strawberries, pineapple, mango & orange).  They were all wonderful, but the Sunny Day was my favorite, not too tart or too sweet.  My husband swears by their coffee smoothies, and he loves the Cinn CIty (cinnamon, coffee, cappuccino & non-fat yogurt) the best.  They have a wide variety of supplements to add to your smoothie, and I noticed there is not a lot of aftertaste (like there is at other smoothie stores) when used in their smoothies.  Will continue to patronize this little shop because we LOVE it!
Stop by every now and then to grab a smoothie. They are very good. I'm a big smoothie fan. Also like their wraps and sandwiches. Best smoothie the acai smoothie.
I LOVE the fact that they will substitute sugar for splenda!  Great prices, friendly and speedy service and delicious Smoothies!
We've come here several times and their smoothies are great!  Haven't tried their food yet, however.  The prices of their smoothies are very reasonable and their taste is comparable to Smoothie King or Jamba.  Check it out if u r in the area!
Tropical Smoothie Cafe has great smoothies...go with the Jetty Punch!  Had the food for the first time today and the buffalo chicken toasted wrap was excellent.  In my opinion, this is the best smoothie place around, including the two better known places.  Head in before 8:00 AM for a discount on smoothies.
The smoothies are delicious and the sandwiches, wraps, and flatbreads are flavorful! 

As I've mentioned in other reviews, I am a creature of habit...so I usually get the Blimey Limey which is sooooo yummy!  On a recent visit, I stepped out of the box and ordered a Sunrise Sunset smoothie (of course I added LIME!) and it is now my new go-to smoothie.  

The Hummus Veggie wrap is super tasty, however I'll be asking for more hummus next time! 

Make sure you stop by! It's the perfect way to enjoy a healthy meal and a cool smoothie on a hot Arizona summer day!
YUMMY is the perfect word to describe this place!! Alana is always so nice and has great customer service!! So many selections to choose from and the prices are not bad at all. Just suck it up cuz the smoothies are a wonderful relief, especially during the summer time when its soo hot out! This is my go to place for any time of the day!!
Just about saved my life

So I got the norovirus and was having problems keeping anything down.  No jello or bullion or ginger ale would stay inside for more than a few minutes. 

Dehydrated and cramping, my wife bought me a Mango Magic from Tropical Smoothie Cafe with the thought that the cold and natural juices would help.  I nursed on the smoothie for the next five hours.  It stayed down and I started to emerge from the throes of what felt like a certain painful, wasting death.  After losing about eight pounds in two days, I had two Mango Magics a day the next two days as I recovered fluids and electrolytes.

Kidding aside, the smoothies are tasty and don't have the artificial flavoring taste that other places do.  I'm grateful we found them and will stick with them for an occasional meal or snack.
Can't get enough of this place! Great healthy food
Gave them a try the other day when driving by and wanting a smoothie. Tried the Rockin Raspberry. Thought it was very good and a reasonable price. 
I also tried a flat bread at another visit. It was okay. If I wanted a smoothie and didn't want to stop somewhere else to eat, but didn't find the flatbread worth going there just for that. The smoothies are great though and a bread price.
Ok.  I am hooked on this place.  First I was like WHAT?  Eat at a smoothie place.  They serve FOOD?  The flatbreads looked so good.  I ordered the chicken pesto flatbread.  The flatbread is soft and grilled to be slight crispy at the edges.  And chicken, parmesan cheese, and pesto was super flavorful.  I had to get it again the next week.  he he he...  I got the Hawaiian Breeze smoothie the first time.  SO GOOD.  I had to try other flavors... This time I got the Kiwi Quencher smoothie.  YUM.  Keep in mind the smoothies are lowfat!
I love this place. I always get the strawberry beach but the food is very good as well. I highly recommend this place and hope it stays there and continues to prosper
This place is nice. Its not too expensive and they carry lots of variety.  I used the 15% off yelp offer and paid $8for 2 smoothies. I ordered the berry oat and hated the splenda taste. They promptly and happily made me a different one and I loved it. I only order that one now. Its the health nut-but I sub out the protein for yougart.
The only reason I keep going back here is because my kid is addicted to the smoothies.  The kitchen is not very clean and just looks gross. All of the food is microwaved pretty much so it isn't that good.  But it is a pretty cheap reward for my kids after her therapy on Friday's so that's ok. They do have a lot of specials on food and smoothies which is nice.
You can order your smoothie the way you want it. You dont just have to order whats on the menu! Its like a Smoothie Starbucks!
Jerk salad is small and not good. Maybe try a wrap? I am sure this place is best for wraps and smoothies not salads.
The girl behind the counter was very nice with a bubbly personality. I enjoyed the recommendation of the mocha madness and on top of that, you can have veggie chicken if you prefer. Looks like I'll be stopping by here again. A warm reception is always welcomed and appreciated. This is what makes you come back for more. 

The drinks are a bit on the sweet side. The island green states it has lots of green's but it wasn't like a normal kale shake. Had some zest and flavor. An interesting mix. 

The other drink, Mocha Madness was a nice blend of coffee and chocolate. A bit on the icy side. And in all this is a place to check out again.
I am obsessed with the smoothies at Tropical Smoothie Cafe. The first times at Tropical Smoothie, I would always get the Sunrise Smoothie and today I had the blue lagoon. The blue lagoon consist of blue berries and bananas I know it had a little more butn I can't exactly remember.
Smoothies we chose were great and we got a lot for 5 bucks each, place is nice and quiet and sitting out front is relaxing!
Service was friendly, and the place clean. Prices are bit on the high side. I had a smoothe that was large, and good. I also ordered a wrap with chips that was disappointing. It was the size of, and tasted like a hot pocket. Go for a smoothe, but eat elsewhere.
Every smoothie I have tried here is one of the best I have ever had! Only thing I would change would be to add supplements to the drinks free of charge. Also, I don't think they have wheatgrass... :[ The sandwiches and flatbreads are yummy too.
Order smoothies w pineapple mango or banana with no sugar. The fruit is sweet enough.
But raspberry blueberries and strawberries need the sugar.
Their smoothies are too die for, and their food is tasty AND reasonably priced. The ladies that work there are lovely and were patient even when I showed up only a few minutes before closing--oops! I have been a regular ever since I found the place and I would HIGHLY recommend it to anyone that needs a quick pick-me up and is looking for "fast food" without the artery clogging.
Delicious smoothies. Only bad thing is that they only sell one size. I always order the island green with no sugar and it's so refreshing. I can never finish it all but still crave it.
Tropical smoothie is one of my go-to lunch options. Fast friendly service and I never feel bogged down by the food. 

Kiwi Quencher is my favorite smoothie that they offer.
This has become my go-to lunch spot.  The salad toppings are always fresh and varied, the falafel is great and the prices can't be beat for a healthy, quick meal.  The staff is super friendly, too!  They usually have samples of their yummy smoothies out on the counter for customers to try which is a nice touch while you're paying your bill.
This is one of my favorite places to eat downtown during school. Their salads are huge and super affordable. One with chicken is only $7. They also make smoothies that are all fruit for $5. The people that work there are super friendly and are always quick to give you their recommendations. It's in a great location and is very accessible for students. Because of that and the great food and prices, I will definitely be coming back here often during the semester.
I go here every day I have class on Downtown ASU Campus.  ALOT of healthy items to choose from including pita pizza with anything you want on it! Right now I'm stuck on a combination of salad greens with jalapeos and grilled chicken.  Good Price for the quality, and excellent service!
Love this place hope to see more through the valley.  I can walk in and get one dish and be happy and satisfied through the day.  I really like this place
I love to make a build-your-own salad in between classes. They aren't usually cheap, but it's plenty of food to keep me going through the rest of the day. I was sad they didn't have their Italian dressing last time, but their house dressing is really good. It's a twist on balsamic vinaigrette, but much better! One suggestion to have coupons in the ASU Coupon Book!!
Downtown Phoenix was in desperate need of exactly this place - fresh vegetable juices, smoothies, build-your-own salads -  My personal fave is the option to add grilled shrimp... YUM!  Oh and the carrot, ginger, lime, kale juice is great too!

The delivery service (on bright green bikes!), is speedy and environmentally friendly.  I love that on busy days at work, I don't even have to leave my desk to get a delicious and nutritious "bowl of greens"!
I love this place. My only complaint is that its technically within walking distance from work for me.. but NOT in the summer, and parking stinks. So, I would probably go here every day if it were winter.

It is a bit too expensive. A salad comes out to just 2 or 3 dollars more than I feel is fair, but there isn't anything else like it in the area so I guess they have a monopoly.

And their "house" balsamic is to die for. Whatever spices/herbs they mix in make it the best I have ever tasted. 

And they have pepitas as a topping which is great. It's not worth the 75 cents extra, especially considering its not a perishable product so the upcharge is pretty ridiculous. 

So, if you don't mind paying a bit extra and finding a street parking space or walking in the summer heat, the food itself is delicious and the hummus is nice.
First time here I ordered the chicken kabob entree.  The service was very slow, not sure if it was just a bad day for them but I was waiting a pretty long time for my order.  The food was excellent though so I am willing to give it another go around!
Build your own salad - yum! Fresh juice - yum! Amazing kabobs! Going to try the mediterranean platter next time. I'm sure it will be amazing. Great service. Delivery on bike to downtown - so if you work downtown call and they'll deliver! Don't drive here ... no good parking available. ASU students stop here for a quick HEALTHY bite instead of traditional fast food.
LOVE this place. Everything is so fresh. I had the falafel sandwich which was amazing and my husband had the salmon entree. He loved his meal as well. So many options to build your own salad and you can also have fresh squeezed juice made with your choice I ingredients. So much better than many if the other "fast" food places downtown. I highly recommend Bowl of Greens and will be back again and again. Owner and staff are  wonderful and very friendly.
Every time I come here I'm rarely disappointed but the last time I came here I went to order a $5 smoothie and the girl making it decided that she should argue with me about what a smoothie really is, hat you can add to it then wanted me to give her a step by step of how to make BOGs own smoothies.

Tonight I stopped to get my favorite lamb entree which comes with rice and a BOG salad for $8. I had the rice substituted for pita chips an got it to go which usually is fine but instead of a salad there were just a few pieces of lettuce. No toppings or anything. The lamb want lamb instead I got nothing but gristle; one piece was a solid hunk of fat! The only thing edible was the pita chips, the rest had to be thrown away. I ordered a large OJ, tiramisu and te lamb entree which totaled over $20 and like I said the entree had to be thrown away.

The tiramisu is really good but it isn't worth $40 for the tiny portion you get. I ordered it for my dad and there's only 2-3 bites.

To be honest I'm afraid to go to BOG again and it used to be the one place I stopped at between classes or on the way home. After tonight's experience I'm not even sure if I want to stop in to get the always great go-to grilled chicken sandwich.
I love this place. The owner is incredibly friendly and it's a great place to grab a quick bite to eat downtown. The food is always fresh, delicious, and healthy. They deserve your business, so give them a shot!
I love me some veggies!

As a downtown ASU student I seem to always be in a hurry, and thankfully Bowl of Greens has saved me from starvation on multiple occasions. It's conveniently located right next to the Croknite building. My favorite from them are their juices. They have a large selection of different veggies and fruits to choose from. I've also tried their oven roasted veggies, chicken, and grilled red peppers...so delicious! On top of all the options that they offer, the owner is exceptionally nice and always very courteous.
It is nice to have a place within walking distance of my office for fresh and healthy food. I have had the the grilled chicken pita sandwich which is outstanding. The grilled salmon salad with red peppers and the house dressing is very good also. The prices are very reasonable and it does not take long to get your food. 

A very nice change of pace to the normal lunch options.
I have been to bowl of greens many times since I work nearby.

The food is always fresh, crisp, and quickly made (although the majority of the food does sit out similar to cafeteria style).  They have a relatively extensive selection of salad ingredients to create your own salad.  Or you can order one of the many sandwiches pitas such as Chicken & Hummus.

Prices are pretty reasonable (think $6-10 for salad/sandwich/entree) although portion sizes aren't that big or anything.

The more I have gone here the more average it seems but it is still a decent place to grab a light and healthy lunch with a slight Mediterranean twist, particularly since there aren't many places like this downtown.
I am so happy to have a place to get fresh juice! They also deliver to businesses downtown.
I've been here a number of times now and have been satisfied every time. I always get a custom salad, and they have pretty good choices for regular and premium add-ons. I usually get the spinach with black beans, red onion, red pepper, and mushrooms. I add avocado, and just get their house vinaigrette. It's nothing special, but the ingredients have always been (and tasted) fresh and crisp. They also give a very generous portion of avocado, which I really enjoy. It's nice to have this option around campus. Sure, there are some great restaurants around, but as far as fast food goes, nothing else very healthy is nearby. I'll be going back.
I went here not expecting much. TALK ABOUT FANTASTIC. Literally the best salad place in the central Phoenix area. LOVE IT... LOVE. BTW.. try some of the grilled veggies... pleasant surprise. We will probably be back once a week.
I've been going to ASU downtown for over a year but just tried this for the first time. While I wasn't expecting anything spectacular, I got it! The grilled chicken Caesar salad was DELISH. The chicken was flavored to perfection and was juicy, not dry like a lot of places can be. Because it's located on our campus, I wish the prices were lower for us broke college kids but you can't really complain when you get quality like this. The staff was also very nice and they had fun music playing. I will be frequenting this place more often now that I know what they have to offer. I'm excited to try their fresh smoothies and hummus next time! 

-My only qualm with this place would be the to-go boxes. They're cute and convenient, until you go to eat out of it. Then the flaps get in the way. Not a huge deal though.
I have been meaning to write a review for a while on this terrific place. We originally discovered this by doing a search for healthy places to eat around downtown. We live a few miles away however this is worth the effort. We have made the trip several times since discovering it and found each time that the food and service are outstanding. The food if fresh and made to order. The salads are wonderfully prepared. There have never been any issues with slight adjustments to the sandwiches that my sons order. Kid can be a little picky at time. The fresh pita chips are some of the best around. My boys will take those over chips and we are always buying a couple extra bags to take home. The smoothies are my boy's favorites. I also wanted to take time to recognize the owner. Each time we have come in he has always greeted us. He takes the time to get to know you and make you feel welcome. He is very hands on and does get behind the counter to assist and make sure that your experience is the best possible. I have seen a couple of the same employees there on multiple visits which is also a good sign.
Fresh food, great smoothies, outstanding service.  This is worth the trip or if you are already downtown make sure to stop by.
I've been working in the area for over a year but just tried this place for the first time today. I had thought they were just a salad place; I was sorely mistaken! They have sandwiches, pastas, smoothies, and breakfast in addition to build-your-own salads. I purchased a sandwich for lunch and was satisfied. Tasty, fresh, and healthy! I'll definitely be stopping by again this month for more tasty lunches.

Oh, and, the pita chips are AMAZING.
While my initial visits could be influenced by its location across from my office, the great food, prices, and service have made me a regular customer. They have great salads, sandwiches, and other Mediterranean options. During a particularly busy lunch rush my order got momentarily lost in the shuffle; the owner got me my order immediately and gave a complimentary drink.
I work at ASU-Downtown, and whenever I wake up too late for breakfast or forget my lunch, my go-to restaurant is Bowl of Greens. BOG is a healthy, whole-food, green, & on-the-go concept restaurant. I've recommended it to campus visitors, too, who were very happy with the selection. I've enjoyed breakfast and lunch/supper items as well as coffee, tea, and smoothies. 

The smoothies are fresh and made from real ingredients. A list of ingredients is provided at the counter, so you can judge how thick it will be. If you don't get it made with yogurt or powders, it will be thinner, but it is still a smoothie. You pay a bit more for the convenience of the location and the freshness of the real food, but it's worth it! It could be argued that BOG is over priced, but you're paying for whole food, speed, and convenience of location. This is not your SAD (Standard American Diet) kind of place with SAD proportions.

Personally, I enjoy the Spinach Mango smoothie with whey protein; Mocha Smoothie with peanut butter or whey protein; and the arugula salad add chicken and goat cheese, substitute with BOG dressing. The roasted veggies are great, too. Regarding the the negative reviews for BOG, be sure you read between the lines of the text and view their photos. Seriously! Ha!
As the only truly healthy option in downtown Phoenix I have to give them props. They have a lot of fresh ingredients to build your own salad. They also have warm Mediterranean dishes and a few Italian options as well, in addition to smoothies.

The staff are very nice and I will say that they place nice, relaxing music for all us stressed out students.

It is a bit on the pricey side and it occurs to me that I could put together the same thing if I weren't so lazy.

That said, it's nice to have a healthy option downtown.
Another bad place..but it was more likely my bad choice. The veggie delight was a very undelightful mix of mozzarella,  lettuce and roasted red peppers and sun dried tomatoes that nearly cut my mouth. The pita bread broke apart while eating spilling all the nasty ingredients onto the unclean table and there were flies hanging out all over the joint as well. Too many choices of bad stuff and why is the counter guy handing me samples with his tongs straight onto my hand? College kids probably like this place..but any adult should know better and try a real restaurant.
Was craving a salad found this place in yelp it is amazing!!! Great food and customer service!!
4 stars. Clean. Fast. Fresh. The smoothies were good, and all of the food was cooked well. We got the chicken kebabs and a few salads. The kebabs were really good, and only took a few minutes. Tzeziki (sorry for the misspell) dressing was good as well.
Cherry Berries is a small little place tucked in next to the 7-11 at the Northeast corner of Sahara and Eastern on the East side of Las Vegas. I noticed their sign for smoothies while at the 7-11 and since it was so hot outside I decided to check them out. 

Inside the place is clean, yet kinda cozy with about 6 small tables, but there's just something about the place that I liked. They offer a lot of panini's which made me think I need to try them for lunch...and I will but today it was all about the smoothies. I had quite a few choices available so I picked something and I ended up with a handmade smoothie that was made by hand and made fast, and oh man, did it hit the spot. It was perfect. 

I want to go back and try the paninis for lunch but this place got my attention on just the smoothies. 4 Stars? Absolutely. Service with a smile wins me over every time, but when the smoothie tastes as good as this one, yeah, I'll be back. 

Note: Parking can be very, VERY tight here. But it's worth the hassle.
While Cherry Berries makes great desserts and smoothies, I'm on the lookout for new lunch options. Yesterday was a madhouse for me and I needed a quick lunch so I decided to give their Paninis a try. Parking in front was not even possible, the traffic to the 7-11 had cars 3 deep backed out onto Eastern trying to get in. I ended up parking around back, having to pass by the stinky trash cans and a homeless man to go in. 

I ended up ordering a Chicken Pesto panini: Chicken breast, muenster cheese, pesto sauce, mayo, tomato, balsamic onion, and lettuce. I also bought the meal deal with chips but upgraded to an "All Berry" smoothie for the drink, it came out to about $10. 

The smoothie came out first, but the panini seemed to take forever. I did have a hectic day yesterday so my sense of space and time may have been distorted but I started getting antsy that I was going to run out of time for lunch. When I got the panini it wasn't pretty like Panera Bread does theirs, but appearance is secondary, taste is everything. And the panini tasted... well it wasn't bad, but with pesto sauce and balsamic onions in it I just expected a little more zip, something to wake my mouth up a bit. This panini didn't have that. It was just good, but not great. 

So will I go back? For smoothies, absolutely. For paninis? I'll add it to my list as an option but my first impression was ho-hum. But they do have an extensive list of paninis and the staff always provides service with a smile so I'll give them another try.
Love Love Love this place!!! There is nothing like it in Vegas.  Their panini sandwiches are so fresh and are huge.  A great deal for the price. They have a variety to choose from, you can't go wrong with any option but I always order  a side of jalapenos. Their smoothies and salads are excellent as well. I can never pass up one of their strawberry oatmeal smoothies; a perfect option for breakfast.
A 3.5 star, the ice cream portions are nice and big. The juices are great. The snow-cones are too sweet.
Absolutely Love this place.  My coworker and I come here once a week for lunch.  We order ahead because it does take some time for the staff to make our food, but it is still soo worth it!!!  I also come here with my husband often.  I have been going here pretty much since they opened.  I love the chicken pesto panini, and the vegetarian panini.  Their juices are great.
There are so many things on this menu and if you are Mexican/Latin, you will want everything! It's overwhelming.

Smoothies: "All Berries"  delicious and so is the "Strawberry Bannana."  The taste is natural and healthy.The Mango Banana is also delicious! Honestly don't think you can go wrong with any of their smoothies. 

Chicken Buffalo Panini....so toasty and cheesy! This is by far my favorite! All of their sandwiches are amazing but this one is particular is a MUST. It's got a little kick of spice, the chicken is nice and tender and the balsamic not too strong-PERFECFT! I came here with coworkers about a year ago and they all were beyond satisfied with their food and this second time of me coming, nothing has changed. 

I'm totally in for finding new places to eat that are family owned and operated. This place is not the most appealing from the outside but it's an amazing pick! The owners are very friendly and willing to help you answer any questions. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. If ever driving down or near Sahara and Eastern, give this place a shot, you will not be disappointed!
Cherry Berries is a cute little cafe!  I grew up on this side of town and remember that nothing cute or new ever moved in except for taco shop after taco shop.  Now I love a good taco, but I don't want tacos every day.  A girl needs some variety in her food options!  I am happy this side of town is finally getting some new business love!

I actually noticed the sign for Cherry Berries as I was driving past to run some errands with my mom, who still lives over here.  I hadn't heard about it, but I am always on the look out for new places.  I stopped on my way back to pop inside and check it out.  We had eaten earlier, so we were more interested in desserts this time around.  I did check out the food menu while waiting for our order though, and a lot of things looked like they would be tasty for a lunch meal.

We both got smoothies this time.  My mom had the pia colada and I had the orange vanilla one.  The pia colada tasted like the ones you get in Mazatlan while you are sitting on the beach relaxing.  It was very refreshing and tropical.  The orange vanilla one tasted exactly like it's name.  I really liked the huge amount of oranges that went into the smoothie though.  My kid is not into eating but will never turn down a ice cream.  I ordered this one because I knew it would be close to ice cream and I could get her to drink some.  It definitely worked because she drank more than half before I got it back.  So yeah for sneaking some fruit into her diet!  Sneaky, but it works!

They also have a decent selection of Dryer's ice cream for sale for when you aren't trying to trick your kid into eating something healthy.  The servings are big and the prices are low.  Yummy and a good deal!

The staff was friendly too, which is always nice.  The service is slow though.  I only ordered 2 smoothies but it took 10 minutes to get them and I was the only one in there.  They tasted great and you could tell they were made after I ordered them, but keep it in mind if you are in a rush.  

I would definitely come back to try out their food for lunch, if I was in the area.  I know if  I lived closer to this place, I would be here pretty regularly.  Go check it out if you are near Sahara/Eastern.
I was introduced to this cute little cafe by my coworker who would always order this amazing Greek salad from them. I finally stopped by and ordered their panini sandwich I believe in which it was the chicken bacon ranch. It is so fantastic looking and definitely yummy for about $7 for the full sandwich. Not bad, but I do think for it's size a nice can of soda could go well with it as a combo.

They always have their lunch specials displayed and their employees are always super nice. I've been wanting to try their raspados however they are kind of costly for a drink I would get in L.A. for about a $1.00 

Great for a quick lunch or quick lunch date. Community is kind of ghetto and plaza is located in a super small and confusing parking lot. 
They have panini's salads and great smoothies. Try the strawberry banana kiwi smoothie you will thank me later.
Place was hard to find, but the food was really good. I got the pepperoni-carne asada panini and was quite pleased.
I totally enjoyed this place. Not the best area,but as always, looks can be deceiving. Ordered a snow cone, smoothie, and a fresh juice. My juice was on point. Pineapple, oranges, and strawberries. Delicious. Only snafu was when the guy at the counter forgot I had ordered it. So I waited, and waited, and waited. When I mentioned it he totally owned up, apologized profusely and even offered a freebie scoop of ice cream for his mistake. I love it when people take responsibility for their errors and move on. This kid blew me away. I also loved this fresh juice and will definitely be returning when in the area. Always glad to support small businesses.
The positive was finding a very clean, very friendly place in this area of town, with somewhat healthier offerings. I say somewhat, because the smoothies tasted sugared up, and I prefer simple fruit in my smoothie, not a Slurpee. Also had a veggie panini and it was good. Another negative (besides the sugar in the smoothies) was that the chip options were totally 80's junk. No baked chips or healthy option or trendy brand, like "Food Should Taste Good", or even just Sun Chips. I passed on having any Lay's or Cheetos, even though they came with the meal. My mom really liked the panini, though. The juices were good, and didn't taste like anything was added. Loved the sweet gal at the counter; nice people. You really get a lot for the corner of Sahara and Eastern, next to a 7-11!
I accidentally found this little hidden jewel! I have passed by here a MILLION times and never once noticed it. I was craving for and on the hunt for a chamango. This place has chamangos and MORE. 

Its super clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I only ordered a chamango but the food there looked oh-so yummy. They have a variety of food including carne asada fries, soup, and paninis. 

My chamango was made perfectly! There's nothing more than I can say...except I will be going her ALL the time. So happy I found this spot!!!!
I love their Bubble tea.. but lately 3 time now ive gone in and no Bubble ready.. im really sick of this happening.. i really want the bubble tea... REALLY I DOO... WTH???
Visited the phoenix public market - open air market - farmers market they have on saturday mornings and decided to give mojo bowl a try! They are at the market for food truck fridays also. Check out their website for their usual schedule. They can take cash or credit (with square).

I tried their strawberry banana smoothie and my wife had the Funky Monkey (peanut butter / chocolate blend). They were both great quality with fresh ingrediants. They serve salads, yogurt parfaits, and soup also (which I didn't try) but Ive heard their smoothies was where they shine and they did not dissapoint. Give them a try, at $5.00 for a 24 oz smoothie, you can't really complain about the price - its basically a meal itself.
Me: Scott, mix me up my usual and make it dirty.

Scott: Sure thing Dolores one Green Monster with blueberries added headed your way. 

I make a meal (generally Saturday brunch or Wednesday dinner) out of one of many of the Smoothies Scott offers up at Mojo Bowl. He also offers my 1st love Shaved Ice in many natural flavors as well as lush green salads, warm soup and don't forget a chocolate covered frozen banana or a greek yogurt granola parfait for dessert.  

Scott prides himself on providing quality nutritious options and exceptional customer service.  He definitely gives his VitaMix blender a good work out. 

You are always sure to get a warm smile and a tasty nutritious meal or snack here. Not to mention the funky ol' school grooves he usually has going keeping the mood light & lively wherever he roams.
My daughter and I have had the pleasure of trying almost all of the smoothie varieties Mojo Bowl offers. Each one was delicious, made with fresh ingredients and they were all served with a smile. The owner/operator is a really nice guy who is passionate about healthy food and fitness. If you're thinking about visiting a food truck event and you see Mojo Bowl in attendance, I would highly recommend getting something.
Scott's smoothies are phenomenal! 

I've yet to try any of the monsters but I've had the banana bread and the PB&J before. They're so filling. My boyfriend loves the strawberry banana. The salads look pretty tasty; definitely on my "to try" list.

Scott (the owner) has always been super friendly whenever we've gone, so I question the previous reviewers assumption. Sounds like a lot of guessing there...

You won't go wrong with mojo bowl. For $5 you're getting a meal in a cup!
Need an energy boost?  Well, how about a #MojoBoost?  For $5, Scott will blend you up a delicious and nutritious 24 oz. smoothie that will help keep you cool and refreshed during the hot summer days as well as keeping your energy up and running.  I've never been a fan of Red Bull, Monster, or any other energy drink because it doesn't tend to give me the positive energy I need to get through my day.  The excessive amounts of sugar and the crashes afterwards are not appealing to me and, probably, to you, my readers.

With 12 handmade smoothies, along with salads, soups, and yogurt parfaits, the Mojo Bowl is THE place to go to get a deliciously healthy lunch or pick-me-up for your day.  Very inexpensive, fresh and made-to-order just for you.  Scott is very friendly, outgoing, and takes pride in making sure that his customers get the Fuel Food they need to get through their work day and/or workouts.

If you attend the Farmer's Market or any other event in Phoenix and you see Scott and Mojo Bowl, stop by and get #MOJOfied!

Mojo Bowl... F.T.J. Approved!
I first saw them Saturday morning at the Phoenix Public Market and told myself that I would have to try them soon. I was too full from all the sampling with the different vendors. My coworkers and I went to check out the food trucks that gather on Thursday outside of Whole Foods by Raintree and the 101. I saw that Mojo Bowl was there and made my mind up right away to get their food.

I decided to get the Red, White, and Kale salad. I love quinoa and kale so it was the obvious choice for me. I also wanted to try one of their smoothies out. I went with the Coco Coca. The description mentioned that it was like a drinkable Almond Joy and I was sold right there. The total came to $13, not too shabby considering the portions. I didn't even touch my salad because the smoothie was so fulling, definitely a meal in itself. Towards the end of the work day I was getting hungry and decided to try some of the salad. I was asked if I wanted a balsamic or raspberry vinaigrette to go with the salad. I told the guy whatever tastes better and he told me that would be the raspberry vinaigrette. The salad was delicious. The kale was chopped up so finely that it really didn't have a taste so if you're not a huge fan of kale you might still like the salad. The portion was huge, it was good for 2 meals. 

I try to eat healthy and like to support local businesses. Mojo Bowl definitely brings those two together for me. I can't wait to try more of their smoothies and food out soon!
I have visited this food truck a few times now. The salads and smoothies are all delish! You can find the truck at the Phx Market on Wed and Fri!
I love the story of how Mojo Bowl evolved. While waiting for my smoothie, there's a small flier that describes its origins and made me even more excited for my smoothie. The first time I tried Mojo was at the Saturday's downtown farmer's market. It was a rather hot morning and I really wanted something to cool off. Luckily, Mojo Bowl was there to rescue me! I can't remember the exact name of the smoothie, but the ingredients were tropical sounding and I was sold. (I'm a sucker for that sort of thing.) It was a good idea too! Even my husband stole a few sips and enjoyed it. I'm definitely looking forward to trying more of their flavors.
For someone on a perpetual quest for aa bowls, 'tis a bold claim to make... but, Mojo's PB Monkey has set the new standard.

So why's this aa newcomer food truck kicking so many asses and taking so many names? Let's pick apart the product:

The blend: organic aa, wild blueberries, banana, peanut butter, and chocolate almond milk. I gotta give props for the organic aa, and the finished product tastes like it contains powdered aa, not sorbet. This might be less fun for people who want to pretend they're eating ice cream, but my recommendation is to go get ice cream if that's you. The peanut butter is natural (and delicious) and almond milk is exponentially better than soy milk or apple juice in every regard. Plus, even if there's some added sugar, it's chocolate-y, and I dig that.

The toppings: Laura's Gourmet Granola, banana, walnuts, dried cranberries, carob chips, and honey. Mojo uses granola made in Tempe, and even though it contains brown sugar and canola oil (tsk tsk) there's only a sprinkling of it on top. Places that overload their bowls with fatty, sugary granola turn the whole thing into a hippie-dippy sundae of regret. The walnuts, carob and fresh banana on top were a perfect combination, and I skipped the honey and dried cranberries because it was sweet enough without them. 

The PB Monkey combines all the best things about aa bowl into one: it's healthy, filling, nutritious, uses local/wild/other expensive-sounding words/natural/organic ingredients, and leaves you feeling awesome. $8.50 for a bowl of happiness that keeps me satisfied through lunch time? Aa, I say yeeee.

P.S. - Good people of Mojo, might I suggest using a larger bowl? Trying to mix the piled-up toppings into the blend is damn near impossible without spilling a few good morsels and then lying on the ground, sobbing, while watching them melt in the sun.
Food cart that now serves Acai Bowls.  I love this guy.

Next time I'm there I will ask for all the goodies to be placed on the bottom of the bowl and place the acai on top.   I lost way too many goji berries.

I'm going back to this place
What started as a single smoothie (post Insanity workout) has turned into a full blown Mojo Bowl addiction! From the first time I tried the banana bread smoothie, Mojo Bowl is pretty much a daily craving. I love the story behind Mojo Bowl and it's creator, Scott. His passion for healthy and delicious food is apparent with every hand created acai bowl. Just watching him prepare my Xena bow was like watching a piece of art being created. I can't tell you what is the best smoothie, bowl or salad to try, because they are all amazing in their own way. True story. Stop by the yellow food truck at the Phoenix Public Market and say hi to Scott. You will leave with a craving for health for life.
Every time I see the mojo truck, all I want is a PB&J smoothie with a protein shot.

Crap.  Now I want one.
I stalk this truck.  I've been to industrial parks where I pretend to be a tech worker standing in line, strip mall parking lots, and of course the farmer's market.  The bowls are so so absolutely divine.  The owner is super friendly and he makes each bowl by hand with an incredible amount of pride.  You gotta eat here guys!!!
Very good smoothies and bowls!  Fills you up!
Well, I really wanted to give this place a try after seeing him the last few weeks at the ASU food truck party. I asked for a pineapple mango smoothie with strawberries instead of bananas. The guy told me he couldn't do that because everything was prebagged. I asked if he had any other smoothies without bananas and he told me no because he really loves bananas. I understand having everything premade for efficiency but sorry dude, not everyone shares the same passion for bananas as you do. Maybe if you had a little flexibility on your menu you wouldn't have lost a customer.
Way too expensive for such a little amount. I have had much better tasting  Acai bowls before and with half the price. Go to Thrive! Wont be flexible by substituting strawberries instead of bananas for the topping either. It's an extra 50 cents for that! Dumb. Also, horrible customer service! I hate to be rude, but don't waste your time or money here.
I try and go here at least once or twice a week. Love the flavor and love the taste. Every bowl I have gotten has been off the charts good. I feel full after eating one and feel better as well. Amazing.
Fresh and great variety! Good coffee
Holy Cow! I haven't had a donut this good since I was in high school and the debate coach would send us to the little spudnut shop on main street in Bountiful, UT for a donut run. Golden Donuts is big, fluffy deliciousness!!!
Awesome .... They have the Ham and Swiss baked Croissant, which Paradise Bakery discontinued!! Will be stopping by a couple times a week..

If its morning I will try the coffee..

Good Luck to this business to stay !!
Freshest donuts, good coffee, boba teas. Fresh made bagel sandwiches, toaster sandwiches, crosiants.
Yum... great service, great hours, clean  as a whistle, great selection, and yum yum donuts!  Can't wait to try the sammiches and smoothies.  Love it!
I have no complaints at all about Golden Donuts.  

I've eaten food from here a few times and have visited the location once.

The donuts are really good.  I've had the Pastrami and Egg Breakfast Croissant, and it is EXCELLENT!

The facility is clean.  

The customer service is top-notch.  

Bye bye Bosa Donuts for me!  I can now have fresh made, delicious donuts from a privately owned bakery minus the 'tude.  (All you Bosa Donut customers know what I'm talking about..)  All smiles from here on out!
Really great place, with very friendly owners/workers! 

The food is really good; I've had the tuna croissant sandwich, and I really enjoyed it. My boyfriend has gotten the bagel pastrami sandwich several times, and we've tried the buttermilk donuts, chocolate donut, and apple filled bear claw! 

The donuts were delicious. I would definitely recommend stopping by to this place!
5 Star customer service!!!  Awesome and friendly.  Super accommodating.  They really give Bosa a run for their money, especially since Bosa's quality experienced a downturn.

My wife loves their glazed blueberry cake, and I like their strawberry iced with sprinkles.  My daughter loves their sandwiches.  Hope you stay around for a long time, Golden
Bosa, you've been dethroned. 

I don't know what miraculous alternate dimension Golden Donuts warped out of, and frankly, I don't care. What I do care about is a quality donut, and on that, Golden totally delivers. Perfect old fashioneds. French crullers without that all-too-common weird grittiness. Amazingly light, perfectly glazed raised donuts. Cinnamon swirls that actually taste like--get this!--cinnamon.

The stamp on the box boastingly proclaims them to be "The Best Donuts in Arizona," and I can't disagree. The only donut I can even begin to criticize is the long john, and it's not even bad, it's just that I prefer mine a little taller than Golden's flatter (but still quite delicious) version.
This place reminds me of the little donut places in NYC. The donuts are fresh no matter what time you go, and they're open 24 hours a day/7 days a week! Who does that in AZ! Yay!
Best donuts ever. Hands down. The people that work there are very nice and on the ball, the throw in free donuts every time we buy some! So consequently we've gotten to try donuts we wouldn't have ordered in the first place otherwise. I will only go here from now on for my donut needs. And now, I need their donuts. It's symbiotic.
Awesome donuts! The quality is definitely comparable to Dunkin & KK, but you get a lot more for your money.  Love, love, love the donuts here.  I rather support a local business owner over corporate chain any day.  Try them for yourself, it's only around $7 for a dozen!
We saw reviews on yelp and thought we'd give it a try. Glazed raised donut is sooo fluffy and airy, it melts in your mouth. Glazed cake donut is crispy outside and dense inside, the donut weighs heavy.  People at the store are super nice and it is open 24/7 just like donuts shops in NYC!  I'm gonna buy some more next week so I can share this goodness with people at work.  HIGHLY recommended!
Checking out hot new businesses on Yelp and I was thrilled to find this place as it happens to be very close to my home. Read the stellar reviews and was happy to give it a try. So I really (really) hate to be the one give it a less than stellar review...

Stopped in this morning for donuts and coffee. They advertise cappuccino so I was really disappointed to see one of those automatic machines you see in a gas station. Cappuccino was no good obviously.

Speaking of cappuccino, the lady serving me didn't understand that cappuccino is not a flavor. I ordered a hazelnut cappuccino (which I threw away after one sip), and the lady brought out 2 drinks. I said I only wanted the hazelnut and she said I ordered the hazelnut and cappuccino. NO. Cappuccino is not a flavor! Anyway, the miscommunication was a little annoying.

As for the donuts, pretty great. I ordered 1/2 dozen - glazed, sugar, toasted coconut, original, and 2 pink sprinkled (for the kids).

The toasted coconut was PHENOMENAL! I will return just for that donut. The original was hard and stale, and the others were good but not mind blowing. I've had better at Bosa consistently.

Customer service was icy. The cappuccino thing aside, the lady was not friendly or helpful. I was not greeted, she didn't say thanks or have a nice day. Nothing. And seemed annoyed that it was taking me awhile to decide which donuts I wanted (it was my 1st time there!)

Anyway, I'll probably return if I have a craving for that toasted coconut donut, but I'll probably drop my 79 cents on the counter (no tip) and get out. Given the great reviews, I was pretty disappointed with my experience today. Hopefully it was just a fluke.
For those of you that have been Bosa-Goers for years its time to step outside of the box and try this place out!  Now I know how difficult for you this might be but I think you will be pleasantly surprised with what is in store for you.

I cannot tell you how much more I love the service here, I have only been twice and haven't felt uncomfortable or unwelcome once.  Not only is it a good deal for mouth watering donuts compared to grocery store donuts I'd pay the extra couple dollars for decadent fried goodness in my mouth then donuts that aren't as amazing as this.  I still need to try the rest of the donuts I got today and more from golden donuts I didn't select today. I wish that we could get samples of donuts that way you know what is going to be your favorite.  I mean bosa and golden donuts are both amazing quality donuts and much better of a deal than krispy kreme is, but one of these days ill have to get the same donuts from Bosa and Golden donuts and try bite for bite to taste the huge difference.  

One donut I did notice a difference was the old fashioned tasted like it was made that day and not stale like Bosas can be at times.  Golden donuts needs to start expanding and having drive thru's too!
The place is great. For those reviewers that are hard trained Bosa lovers its purely loyalty that keeps you saying they are the best. Golden Donut blows them out of the water. Also its MUCH cleaner inside than Bosa ever thought of being. 
Its a mom and pop which is great and they prices are wonderful.

Give it a try and you will love it. 

Oh and the reviewer that was upset that they were not Cappuccino experts.....lol! Go to starbucks if you are looking for that. The coffee is hot and fresh and goes great with the donuts. Its not by any means fancy.
I will start out by saying that up until now, I have always been a Bosa fan. I still like them, but this place is far better in everyway. As far as customer service goes, they are the top of the heap, always treating my family as welcome guests in their shop. They often give the kids free donut holes, much to the delight of my four year old. And talk about great donuts! Wow. These bad boys are incredibly light, fluffy, and delicious. They are always spot on, and I always know what I am going to get. Particular favorites in my house are the glazed blueberry cake donuts, and the lemon filled. Of course, the fritters go a long way as well. And who can dismiss the perfection that is the classic glazed donut? No one, that's who. 

The breakfast sandwiches are AWESOME! And the coffee is great for that early morning pick me up. Fresh brewed and hot. Just the way I like it. 

Thank you Golden Donuts for bringing the joy of fresh donuty goodness right into the neighborhood. You have my family and me as customers for life!
Good place to come in the morning. Good Donuts and they will always make fresh coffee as needed.
I've been thinking about this joint for a few months since I started yelping and read the reviews.  Thank you thank you thank you to the reviewer who mentioned the toasted coconut donut.  Holy moley that is good.  I also tried a twist with sugar.  Very good and fresh donuts.  

I stopped in around 3 p.m. on a weekday and I was the only one in the store and was impressed with how clean it was.  I won't be back often because these things aren't good for me and if I'm going to have excess calories, I'd rather they be alcohol-related, but the next time I'm craving a donut, Golden Donuts is what I'm going to hit.
Let's get the most important piece of information out of the way first- the buttermilk donuts are outstanding! Order those, and you can't go wrong. It's the only donut I've had that can come close to reaching the upper echelon of donutdom, Donut Plant in NYC.

Big props too for being open 24 hours. As an AZ native, I'm astounded by this concept. I'm actually thankful this place wasn't open when I worked across the street at Osco because I would have to mainline Lipitor.

I was happy with the service because the lady behind the counter gave us some good suggestions. The other donuts we had (apple fritter, chocolate glazed, cinnamon crunch) were all solid. Great prices too.

Buttermilk buttermilk buttermilk. Just repeat this and remember it when you walk through the door.
I have been here two times so far and I will be going back soon. I have yet to try a doughnut, I know who goes to golden doughnut and not have a doughnut. There are many more things here than doughnuts. On my first trip I had a plain croissant toasted and a watermelon smoothie. The croissant tatsted fresh and was flaky, warm and delicious. The watermelon smoothie actually tasted like real watermelon in my drink. They also have lunch sandwiches here, so my 2nd visit I had a turkey croissant sandwhich. It was so good, everything tasted fresh, I also got one for my friend and she said the best sandwhich ever. I love that they are 24 hours and have a variety of a selection for breakfast and lunch. I
This place is fantastic! I drive by Golden Donuts every day on my way home from work. I decided to take my son here one day before going to the park, to finally try it out. I was not at all disappointed. These donuts are FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC. I admit, the only donuts I ever eat are DD and that is only when people bring them in to work. I am not a fan of DD at all. They are seriously on par with a QT or other gas station donut. I have had Bosa before, and while they're better than DD, I don't think they're great. Golden Donuts has the freshest, softest, moistest (is that a word?), most delicious donuts ever! I've been back several times since. The glazed twists are fantastic. The cake donuts are perfection.... a nice crispy outside and soft and fluffy inside. The cruellers, the fritters, the Boston Creme! Yum! Definitely stop by here if you are in the area. Donuts are only $.75 each, $3.98 for a half dozen and $6.98 for a dozen.
Move over Bosa, there's a new champ in town!

This place is super good, and the one area where they crush Bosa, is in customer service. Bosa is nice, don't get me wrong, but Golden has the friendliest, warmest staff around. The donuts are close to Bosa, but just edge it out by a hair. It is very safe to say if you like Bosa, you will love Golden. It's great that the valley has so many non-chain options, and I encourage you to skip Dunkin, and the corporate crap, and support locally owned spots.

This is where something funny and witty would go, but I got nothing. So maybe think of a good joke during this time. Ready, go: ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Ha ha! That was a good one! Now go get some donuts!
Just moved from Utah and was looking for a new donut shop.  I drove over from Gilbert to this donut shop because of the reviews on Yelp.  First of all, it is open 24/7, so that is a plus.  The service was very good, with a pleasant attitude and a very polite approach.  I ordered a dozen donuts and the man who waited on us gave us 2 extra, just because he was so nice!  The donuts were actually not the best I have every had (for those, you will need to go to Banbury Cross Donuts in Salt Lake City), but they were very delicious and worth the trip.  I was a little disappointed in the chocolate on chocolate cake donuts, as they were not nearly as chocolatey as I am used to.  I would have given this donut shop 3 stars, but the kindness and generosity of the counter person was exceptional...so 4 stars from me.

They also have sandwiches and smoothies, but I have a thing about buying sandwiches or smoothies from a donut shop...they just do not go together for me, so I have no idea if they are any good.
Donuts supreme. Yummy!

Very friendly service.

Lousy coffee. Best thing to do is to get your coffee across the street, then buy the donuts.
We were first time customers this morning and I've got to say the donuts were fantastic! The mini apple fritters had lots of apple, the crullers had that wonderful crisp to them, and the donut holes we found out were additive as well as extremely light and fluffy. My BF says the coffee was pretty good, not anything to write home about, but it was good. The prices are great, cheaper than Dunkin by far. Also another nice plus is that they weren't out of anything at 8:00am! All the times I have gone to Dunkin I know if I don't get there by 6:00am all the good choices will be gone. Also Dunkin's quality is much lower then Golden's. The staff was...okay. They weren't rude but they weren't really friendly either. Also they didn't have decaf coffee, which my BF has switched to so that was a bummer. Also their menu goes past donuts into breakfast sandwiches and lunch sandwiches, which all are created on your choice of either a bagel, toast, or croissant. They also carry an assortment of smoothies. Overall we absolutely loved it so we'll definitely be going back!
Yummy.... Very close to Bosa but I am still bosa's die hard fan. The Apple fritter was slightly greasy for my taste and I like bosa's butter milk better as well but overall great quality and delicious donuts.
Pretty much the best doughnut I've eaten, ever.

I am no connoisseur, despite the overly descriptive detail that will follow, but have had my fair share of donuts over the years and was admittedly impressed to find that it is in fact possible to make a version that tastes noticeably different than any other.

We ordered a sugar twist, a buttermilk, a seemingly simple glaze, and Thai tea. I bit into the sugar twist first as it tends to be a fave and noticed immediately that there was a slight crisp to it that I had never experienced. The buttermilk was pretty much just a delicious warm biscuit that had been fried twice over in sugar. So bad, yet so very good. The glaze, which is usually my least favorite kind, ended up the real show stopper.  It was like a flaky layered croissant consistency, but with that same oh-so- slight outer crisp that accompanied the rest. Just pure evil really. The Thai tea wasn't my favorite (a little too syrup-y), but the outdoor seating was a bonus, the service was good, and at just under $5 the price was right.  I'm a fan and will be trying my hardest not to come back soon.
They have a huge variety of items, which really surprised me. I didn't expect there to be boba tea, or coffee for that matter. I think I'll need to incorporate these guys into my morning routine.
Bosa donuts now has some real competition. Golden donuts is a small donut shop with a very friendly owner. On my first trip I ordered the buttermilk donut and the original glazed donut. Both were amazing!!! Another reviewer said that the donuts had a slight tasty crunch to them and I would have to agree. 

Less than a week later I came back in to order my first dozen was definitely pleased with my order as well as the others that I shared them with. Golden donuts is an awesome place and I highly recommend going there......Like now!!
I've been here a couple of times. Their donuts are delicious, ham and cheese croissants are good and their tea infused drinks look delicious. I would recommend this place and plan to continue to patronize this establishment when ever I find the need for a fat pill or croissant.
Folks in the east valley are deprived as the true greatest donut place of all time (Lamar's Donut's) is all the way up on Bell Rd and is not really within driving distance for breakfast.  So, we press on making due with Bosa and now Golden Donuts as well.  If you've been to Bosa, you've been to Golden Donuts.  The types of donuts are nearly identical, the way they prepare them is pretty much the same, they both serve similar drinks.  I think the deciding factor for me would be which one is closer to where I happen to be at the moment.  They are that interchangeable.
Good selection of great tasting donuts and sandwiches. They have plenty of different drinks. The taro smoothie was decent but the coffee was pretty terrible. I don't think I've ever had worse coffee but I guess you can't really expect much more since it was $1.
I don't have a biased opinion on donut shops here in AZ (aka Bosa), I just know a good donut when I eat one. 
The standout's at this little gem open 24/7 are the Apple Fritter, Toasted Coconut and JUST PLAIN GLAZED! 
Each donut had a delicious bite with a fluffy center and the perfect amount of sweetness.  IF you're in the area craving a donut, this place will not disappoint!
I haven't tried anything else but their donuts were the BEST!!!
I've had donuts from Golden Donut at a friend's house previously, and I recently visited the shop to try it out myself.. I will say that "take out" is definitely the way to go with this place. 

We headed over with a group of 3 adults and 1 baby. Points to Golden Donut for actually having a high chair (many places don't and it makes managing a little one vastly more difficult) 

The rest of the experience, with the exception of the actual donuts, was exremely lacking. 

The restaurant has two little fast food restaurant booths, one of which was overtaken by half eaten food that appeared to have been sitting out for awhile, and continued to sit out the entire time that we were there (gross) The highchairs were both pretty sticky, which I guess is understandable considering that the product for sale is a sugar coated confection. Outside of these items, the store was otherwise clean, particularly the case where the donuts are displayed, the register, etc. 

We ordered out donuts, which is always a laborious process ... the people taking the order always seem to struggle with the idea that you don't have the correct names for every donut memorized, and as the orderer, I always forget that it is difficult for them to see me pointing at the donuts THROUGH the case. Even so, it would've gone much better if the woman helping us was a) friendly b) patient ... instead she impatiently asked in a rude tone "is that all?" after each donut ordered. 
 
The drink selection is a bit weird - lots of bottled drinks in a large case to the side, but no fountain drinks, iced tea, etc. At $2ish each, drinks for 4 people made up about half the cost of our order. 

Now, the piece de resistance of our visit: napkins. After being handed the box containing our donuts, I turned to collect the necessary accoutrements so that we could sit down to enjoy them: napkins, for example. I stepped to the countertop near the doorway, which was littered with creamers, sweeteners, stir sticks, etc etc etc - everything you could possibly need for your coffee, but no napkins. So, I head back to the register and nicely ask for some napkins - I am handed three, yes THREE narrow, thin napkins, and had to beg her for a few more (she grudgingly handed me two more napkins) Ri-di-cu-lous. 

Aside from all of that, the donuts were fresh, tasty, and way larger than I usually expect. They were also heavier than typical, which could be a good or bad thing. We had the coconut glazed (they used fresh coconut and it was delicious), chocolate iced, maple bar, buttermilk (a bit stale tasting), glazed twist and raspberry filled. They were all what you'd expect, but fresher and bigger - yum. 

So, place = ok, service = bad, donuts = good. If you're planning to stop in to pick donuts up for the office or a morning vegging out at home, its a good choice.
The donuts are still great, but the shop is no longer 24/7. They close at 10pm on weekdays and midnight on weekends.
My kid has been asking me to go get donuts before school but I'm not really a fan of the selection or quality of donuts at Dunkin. Courtesy of yelp I realized this place was right around the corner from her school so I stopped there today for half a dozen. It was totally worth it! This place is such a find! I would definitely recommend the coconut cream donut and the sugar twist. All the donuts were extremely fresh and tasted amazing. Also while there I got a taro boba tea. If you have never tried boba tea it is definitely worth it. They are one of my favorite frozen drinks to get anywhere.
I decided to go here one morning with my son. He liked it bc there was a lot to choose from. For me offer hand ehhh.....first the owner was very grumpy that morning. I tried to order some type of coffee drink, since there are posters everywhere for different types of coffee drinks. Nope only thing he has is a coffee "smoothie" Uhhh no thanks! Then he asked me the most random invasive question...."are you Chinese?" I don't care about races but why ask that? The tables were filthy. Sitting there watching my son eat with nothing to drink he seemed to enjoy it. I took a bite; it was good and fresh. Undecided if I will be back.
I'm basing my 5 stars on what I went in for...donuts and coffee on my way to work. Was thrilled that they have the blueberry filled donuts with the powdered sugar on top. This was my go to at Dunkin but they do not make it anymore! It was a yummy donut. I also ordered a twist with sugar...this was really perfect. I was surprised by the hand full of extra glazed donut holes that were also put in the bag. YUM! I got a small coffee and was off to work...eating my donuts on the way! If you come here to eat in the shop you may be dissapointed...it is small and there is an annoying bell that says "welcome" everytime the door is opened so I would think if you stayed there to eat that would be super annoying!
The doughnuts are deeee-lish-ous!! And the owner is so nice! I have been in several times and he remembers me.. I can't say enough great things about this place!!
Save $ get your doughnuts at Fry's. The doughnut I got tasted like it may have been at least a day old. The shop isn't very clean or fun to look at. I was hoping it would be a fun little shop to take my daughter to.
I had been going to Golden Donuts as a tradition with my kids most Sunday mornings Until the staff one day were having some sort of argument... The owner behind the counter was obviously upset and lashed out at me saying we are closed no donuts. Not a way to run a business! Especially to a regular customer! I decided to take my business elsewhere until my wife on her birthday wanted a buttermilk donut from them...I reluctantly agreed and asked the owner behind the counter about our last encounter and he did not offer any apology for his rude and unprofessional behavior but instead made excuses. Looks like I will have to go to Bosa or Frys. Sorry Golden Donut you get a FAIL for customer service!
Nice, friendly, and a decent deal. I wouldn't say they're extraordinary, but they aren't horrible. Some of my donuts didn't seem as fresh either. Don't expect any goodness from anything creme or jelly filled. I gotta say I was disappointed in those. The dough was some what stale and I barely got filling to help with the dryness of the donut. 

Open 24/7 is a plus, but I think I shall give me allegiance to the double Ks of Krispy Kreme.

Prices raised and it doesn't seem worth it to come here anymore.
Super fresh.  Super service.  And super fuel for holiday shopping.  Delicious donuts!  And as a bonus they threw in about a half doz donut holes for free.  These plus a cup of coffee and I'm invincible!!!
Just went here tonight and they had the worst donuts I've had in my life. That includes Dunkin Donuts and Krispy Kreme too. I love donuts and when I move to a new area I always like to check out ALL the highly reviewed donut shops. I had a boston creme donut that was filled with maybe a tablespoon of creme and was really small. The donuts were dried out (that's my fault because I went at 9PM) so I won't judge them too harshly on that part but it's still not enjoyable. The cake donuts with sprinkles were tiny and undersized. I ordered a chocolate covered buttermilk donut (normally really good if you get them at Rainbow) and the bread of the donut tasted like it was deep fried in oil that was a week old or something. Seriously, the donut tasted like old grease, to the point that it was a more prominent flavor than the chocolate frosting itself. I committed the ultimate sin and threw away the other donuts I ordered and that's a first in my life.

I don't know what other people are talking about when they give these donuts great reviews but I'm guessing that these people have never eaten a real donut or a donut outside of Arizona. I don't get why all the donut shops here (golden,bosa,rainbow,etc) are copies of each other. I drove 45 minutes to Lamars Donut Shop to get some real donuts and that's BY FAR the best donut shop I've found since I moved here. Don't waste your money at Golden, you might as well go to QT and pick up a donut if you're that desperate. Even Rainbow is head and shoulders above this place.
I have to agree with Bryan and Jonathan's reviews. If I could give it zero stars I would. I'm not naturally a negative person but these donuts were pretty bad. My cream-filled donut was old and there was hardly any cream in it. I don't mean like a few hours old, I mean old like "they didn't sell it the day before so they brought it back out the next day" type of old. I've had better donuts at the gas station and they're cheaper too. I had a really small cake donut with sprinkles and also the bavarian cream and I threw both out after a couple bites of each. Maybe I just went there on a bad day but I won't be going back.
This is a super small shop but they have delicious donuts. They were super fresh, soft and sooo tasty. My mouth is watering as I type this. They have great flavors like cinnamond sugar and coconut cream which were amazing. The owner was so kind. She even threw in a free donut since they were out of the raspberry filled. I dont live anywhere closr to this shop but I would make the drive again. Yum!!
Good and cheap (buy one dozen get 6 free). Donut types very similar to bosa donuts. However, they could work on the customer service. I do realize it's a family business but they don't have to blast their conversations on speaker.
Better than dunkin donuts. Support local business! The owners and staff are friendly and welcoming. They are currently running a special. Buy a dozen donuts, get 6 free! Go enjoy the best donuts in the valley.
Went in this morning to pick up some donuts for my co-workers. As I entered, the doorbell rang and I waited a solid three minutes for service, I heard them talking in the back but no one ever came out to greet me...
Love this place. Support local. The donuts are fabulous and the lovely owners, from Cambodia are just lovely. In addition to their donuts, I had an everything bagel sandwich. DELISH!!!
This place has wonderful doughnuts and amazing breakfast sandwiches.  We usually go here twice a month.  Of all the doughnut places in the area, this one takes the cake.
Chandler's Best Donuts - A local business worth supporting. The best donuts anywhere. 

So why on God's Green Earth would you hit up Dunkin Donuts after savoring the goodness that's Golden Donuts & Smoothies? 

I've only been in once; however, I've had donuts twice.

The first time was when Dude had to break a twenty, so he brought home two Old Fashioned Krullers.

Super fresh; crunch to the outside but melt in your mouth in the middle. Simple and delicious. 

Today, I dropped by after a few errands. Picked up an Old Fashioned Kruller for Dude, a Vanilla Frosted for me, and a Thai Iced Tea.

Vanilla Frosted was your typical standard donut, but still good. 

What really stood out was the Thai Iced Tea. Absolutely phenom! Put this in my Top 3 Best Thai Iced Teas list. 

All this for just a little over $5. And Keep in mind, if your purchase is under $5 . . . cash only. 

The customer service was a little on the brusk side; however, I will continue to visit GD when that occasional craving for donuts strikes. 

Matter of fact, think I'll swing by tomorrow morning to pick up a box for a Monday Meeting. 

With the Yelp check in of buy a dozen get six free, how could you go wrong?!
Wow! Where have these donuts been hiding. When the sign out front says best donuts in town you think that is a pretty big claim but they ain't lying. These are really good donuts. Just a tiny bit crispy on the outside and so warm and nice on the inside. They fry them up just right.
They have breakfast sandwiches and smoothies which I have not tried yet. But the donuts are reason enough to come back again and again. The prices is pretty good too. Plus if you buy a dozen you get another half dozen free.
They really are better than that other local donut place that everybody raves about. Get other here and give them a try. You will not be disappointed. Mmmmmmm....... donuts. Homer would approve. Thanks to Meagan B for telling me about this place. What a find.
This is a nice, small family owned business that treats their customers very well. Great donuts, great smoothies, great fresh veggies on their sandwiches. I go here often.
All my life.. People, doctors, teachers and counselors told me id never have a good donut. Well look at me now.
Think 60's hippie Vegan "restaurant". The sign says cafe and there are two booths inside and some picnic tables outside. The menu is written on sheets of paper (shown in the Yelp photos) but they offer a large variety of beverages and for the size restaurant a good selection of food. I had the Tacos. You get two tacos and a side salad. My partner had the Burrito and it also came with a side salad and was more than he could eat. He also had a Smoothie which was very tasty. I didn't see anything on the menu over $7. The food took awhile to come out but it was nice outside so we didn't mind. I really enjoyed the food and plan on going back. The girl that waited on us was super nice.  place is not for everyone but if you are Vegan/Vegetarian or like myself not Vegetarian it offers something different and it is certainly healthier for you.
This quirky vegan hangout spot is quickly becoming one of my favorite stops in the downtown Phoenix area. The food is super tasty, unpretentious, and the portion sizes are big enough, or in the case of the burro more than big enough, to make sure you aren't going to leave hungry. The baked goods are also quite good and if you're looking for something cool to help beat the AZ heat the smoothies and raw juice are fantastically fresh. A couple side notes: (1) The menu might be a bit difficult to navigate for a first timer, but the helpful and friendly staff should be able to steer you towards whatever you happen to be craving. (2) It's a small kitchen so the food might take a little longer than a typical sandwich shop to come out, but it'll be tasty none-the-less. 

In addition to serving really great vegan fare this place also functions as a local art gallery, theater, and cultural mixing pot. This diversity kind of puts indoor seating at a premium in this small shop, but it also creates a great atmosphere for enjoying more than just a good meal.

*Update 11/2013* 
The menu has been updated to be a little more new-user friendly. Jackfruit tortas are absolutely delicious. Highly recommend.
Really enjoyed their smoothies :D
Delicious drinks, fun atmosphere and nice employees.
Maybe it was because it was late, or it just wasn't a good night. I wasn't really a fan of the barrito I got, and the seating area was cheap plywood tables that need to be sanded down. The employees were very nice and talkative.
Love, love love the food. My co worker and I googled vegan/raw resturants downtown to have lunch & we found Aside of Heart. If your up for a bit of an adventure, this is the place. It's different but in a good way. Nathantal & Amanda (owners) are very  friendly but most important they make good food. I got a collard soup & the hummis with veggies. Everything was so flavorful & fresh. Portion size was large and prices very reasonable. We did wait a long time for our food but we had read several reviews and was prepared for the wait.  Next time I may order ahead to save time. Oh, and I found out they deliver. Aside of Heart will definitly be in my lunch resturaunt rotation.
Looks a little sketchy when you drive up, but sounded like it was worth a shot. The man at the counter looked busy on his computer, which gave us time to look at the menu. We picked the masala over rice, and the Thai/banana smoothie and chocolate chip cookie. Smoothie was yummy, but the masala was a bit bland. 
If I'm around the area again, I'll probably just stick to the smoothies. Oh and the cookie was good.
Yelpers, you just can't judge the taste of the food; if that were the case, this place would get 2 more stars. The problem is it is just too gritty to inspire confidence. Gritty exterior, gritty interior, gritty workers, gritty customers, gritty service. There is also the issue of space -- one inside table. And the menu -- almost useless as they had less than half of what was on there last time I was there. And the people -- the person at the counter yelling at someone in another room to stop playing the drums (loudly and poorly) multiple times, and the people just hanging out (not eating, drinking, or working, just meandering in and out of the place). No place to eat sans the single occupied table except outside, which is ugly and cold in December. The cook was doing some errand, so I was told there would be a small wait, which turned into an unreasonably long wait. On the bright side, the food is good, inexpensive, and vegan. The grit leads one to question the sanitary practices, and I just can't get past that.
I'm going to give this place 2 stars instead of 1 because I'm going to return and... I have hope, you guys, I really do...

BUT... went here last Friday at lunchtime. Pulled up, place seemed extraordinarily sketchy, but my work friend and I were game. We parked and walked up only to find the place completely boarded up. There was spray paint that read 'Closed' on one of the doors-- is the place closed??

I heard people inside, so I walked over to the other door, which had a sign stating their hours. Too bad their hours were covered up with Sharpie-drawn hearts. What???

I tried to pull open the door, since I heard people inside the house/shack/restaurant, but the door must have been locked or rusted shut, because I couldn't open it.

We tried to find their hours online a head of time, but the website... dear Lord. Please invest in a friend or someone to update and fix whatever that mess is!

So, no I didn't get to eat at Aside of Heart. I have no idea when they're open, although according to Yelp it's 24/7.  I typically don't review places I haven't tried, but I'm asking for help here-- what is going on with this place?

My work friend and I are vegetarian, so like I said, we will be returning. Probably not on a Friday- maybe they're closed Fridays? We'll try it on a Wednesday...

Until then-- maybe someone could message me and give me a heads up when their hours are?? I'd really like to go!
I was very surprised that vegan Thai Tea could be so tasty.  I liked hearing that all the ingredients are local.  I plan on coming back again to try some of their food.
Spent the evening looking for some late night coffee and was about to give up when I decided to cross the street.  And boy am I glad I did.  
This little vegan restaurant was the answer to my quest. Located in what appears to be an old house converted into a restaurant/coffee shop in downtown Phoenix, this place has a bit of a beat nick ambiance. A fun throwback to my college days on The Hill in Boulder Colorado.  Once inside my desire for coffee quickly left me as I found out this place offered a home grown Thai iced tea. Opting for the almond milk was a great choice.  The tea was an explosion of ecstasy for my taste buds. Great flavor without too much sweetness.
It's like having a midnight snack at a friend's house, if your friend's house was a sleepless commune. Spots to grab a bite after the bars close continue to come and go on this road, but Aside of Heart has all the requisites to set up shop on this road.

[x]Paintings
[x]Indie playlist
[x]Vegan/gluten-free options
[x]Total hip(ster | pie) vibe


Okay, AoH, you've passed the "totally belongs on Roosevelt" test. But can you serve a quality product? Apparently so, even though you might just improvise everything. The hours are unclear, even though they're "usually open until 3am". Fine, make it up as you go along. You may be out of ingredients for tons of stuff, but you'll think of something, like pineapple dateorade. It's delicious, so just take my money through your square app and make whatever you want. This is not a place for the picky.

I could have ended my review there, but I've gotta tell you about the backyard! They're rebuilding a stage, and there's tons of painting. Maybe I'll catch some live sets next time I check it out. A very eccentric employee named 'Angel' was tirelessly brushing away in the middle of the night. Whether it's serving up healthy food late into the night, or adding some color to this dreary desert landscape, it looks like this place just made downtown a little bit cooler.
Walked into this place and walked right out. Um.. yeah, sorry, no. I am a vegan and totally love supporting vegan restaurants but this place made me so uncomfortable.
A place that ya don't have to wonder if it's good for you. It all is.
It's a small place with unique  downtown charm typical of Roosevelt Row.  Don't judge this book by its cover. ;) Aside is a vegan restaurant which offers raw and gluten free options as well. They have a diverse menu and offer daily specials. As they source seasonally and locally many items may be limited and/or their exact menu may not be available.  But that shouldn't keep you from trying this place.  

I would not recommend the place if you are hyper picky/critical or if you have avoided other establishments in the area because they look 'sketchy'.  *tsk* *tsk* An open mind and adventurous spirit really do improve the quality of life. You've missed out on so many cool things as a result. 

The staff is friendly and accommodating.  I like to go in and ask for their recommendations. They always introduce me to something new.  

When you go, you HAVE to try their Thai Tea (with your choice of "milk"...my fave hazelnut). [If you like Thai tea in general.] Many of it's base ingredients are locally sourced.  I'm hooked and often stop in just for a large tea as I begin my downtown adventures through some of the local galleries and businesses. 

Live...try something new...
This is a nice hole-in-the-wall vegan spot that is open later than most restaurants in the area. 

Absolutely love the tacos with quinoa and black beans, as well as their nachos! + their Thai tea with hazelnut is amazing!

Their staff is super welcoming. It kinda scared me at first because people aren't usually that nice, but these folks are pretty cool.
I absolutely love this place! It is a small house in the middle of the Roosevelt art district downtown PHX - Roosevelt Row.  Very homie and for the lover of arts.
Since my guy and I are vegan, my sister bought us groupons for Christmas (after she found that the entire menu is vegan!) so we went all out. We had plenty of time on the beautiful NYE 2013 afternoon to enjoy the sun and perfect temperature in the EZ AZ! 
We walked in and were treated by a really sweet smile from the only person in the home. It was really like we walked into her personal kitchen!  We sat down (at one of the few tables inside the house) to look at the menu.  We finally made our decisions after a couple other families ordered before us.  As I mentioned, she was the only one working at the time.  And like I also said earlier, we had PLENTY of time to take for ourselves today so we were in no rush!  Our order took quite a while to come out, but I can not tell you how long only because I was not worried about time.  We were loving the glorious day, reading and observing the neighborhood.  (Outside there are about 5 tables to sit and enjoy your meal).
Our experience at Aside of Heart was more like a 4 course lunch!! It was great!  The sweet woman brought out our smoothies first.  I ordered the Deep Purple (dark cherries, cocao powder, thai tea, and almond milk) and my lovey dovey ordered the PichuCherry (pichuberries, cherries, coconut water).  Both completely satisfying.  More time went by and the woman's partner arrived.  He brought out the miso soups promptly.  This guy was so polite and friendly.  The miso soup was very simple but a better miso than I have had at some Japanese restaurants. Ya know how some misos you encounter can be super salty?? Nope not this one. Brothy with some greens. You can add organic sprouted tofu if desired.  And then some more time went by when he brought out the jackfruit taco plates! Oh my!! Freaking perfecto! Again, the ingredients were few but blend perfectly together.  Tender jackfruit with cabbage salad and a spicy sauce layered on little tortillas.  When we were finished we walked inside to pay and of course, to order desserts!  Chocolate brownie and little heart shaped, gooey, nutty, date/fig bites.  My favorite way to end a date filled with yummy food and love!
The entire meal was so simple yet filling without making you feel bloated and heavy. 
Aside of Heart is an affordable, local, hip, small restaurant full of positive energy, live music, open mics, art exhibits/gallery, and love!  It's also open late in the heart of Roosevelt Row!  Perfect place to relax and enjoy some amazing, HEALTHY food made from the heart.
I do not believe that orders take as long as they did for us in most occasions.  But if it is normal, people that are impatient or are on a tight schedule should be prepared to just take a moment to relax and breathe! I promise your food will always be a bit tastier with time :)
Thank you Amanda and Nathaniel! Keep up the fantastic work!
Amazing vegan food! The owner is sooooo nice and the food is incredible!! You need to try the pumpkin coconut curry soup! Amazing! They also have acoustic shows and open mic nights on Wed at 8pm, theatre Thursdays at 7pm... So much culture and amazing energy! Love the vibe!
I couldn't bring myself to eat at this restaurant (a term I use loosely for this place). It was sketchy outside, and even more so inside. First, this is a house, which most of the restaurants are on this street. it was rundown, the grass was dirt, stray animals wandering about and the inside had no decor whatsoever and was dirty. it seemed to me that were no standards. I'm an adventurous person, and eater, but no way was I going risk eating here.
Amazing food!! Great concept. Fun atmosphere. Nice people. Just overall a great place to spend some time and enjoy a meal.
Great concept and good vegan food. :c)
There are many reasons Roosevelt Row has such an astounding reputation and this place is definitely one of them. Aside of Heart is a vegetarian and vegan restaurant, but they also serve juices and smoothies. 

The food is incredible. Not only is it good for your health but also your taste buds. The most important thing I think they really have down is the service. Everyone is extremely helpful and friendly. I actually felt like they cared about my food and what I wanted in my order. 

I ordered pumpkin curry and the woman taking my order came back to my table to double check how spicy I wanted it. She actually made sure before it was too late and the food was prepared! She was super genuine and made me (a first timer) feel right at home. The girls working even put in effort to ask my name as I was paying after my meal. 

I will definitely come back for the food, service and prices.
Wow, this place is great!! The food is so fresh and yummy!! They make so many wonderful things!! The staff is friendly and helpful!! Excellent vegan food with tons of gluten free options too!!
Food is always fresh and delicious. I love coming here cause each time something new is cooking. This is one of the few places I reserve my stomach for dessert.
I didn't know what to expect walking into this old house. I was impressed with everything. I will be coming back for the roasted Sammie and to try the pizza.
I live within walking distance but have somehow missed this place for years. Finally made it in and was very happy I did. Not the biggest menu, but it's got a diverse selection and the two items I had, curry and a sandwich, were great. The service was fantastic too. I'll be back in soon.
Great vegan food the jackfruit torta was so awesome. Small little house down to earth vibe, staff super nice. Would have preferred a healthy side option as the chips are just not healthy and not a good compliment to delicious food.
I love this place! I can't stop going. Everyone is friendly, cool environment, and the food is tasty and really affordable. :-)
Solid vegetarian food. If you're looking for something tasty to eat without meat, definitely stop in.

Especially if you're looking for curry. Yumtastic.

But don't expect it to be a "nice" restaurant. It feels very much like what it is--a house converted into a storefront restaurant/gallery/artist collective. I personally feel like the building leaves something lacking. It's obviously an old house, but it doesn't feel homey. I'd like to see a couch or a pile of board games or something that encourages people to sit for a while. That, or I'd like to see it look a little less like a house and more like a restaurant.

Also, a great selection of baked goods. The brownies are giant, dark, and delicious.
While out on a day date with my boyfriend, I had a smoothie craving. I'm on a low-carb, no added sugar, stupid bikini diet at the moment, so I was looking for something on the healthier side of things. 

Y'all, this was the best smoothie of my life. I got the Cherry Almond Bark and drank it in about five minutes flat. I love that their drinks there are mostly made with almond milk. My boyfriend got the Lemonade Stand and I thought it was very nice that the lady behind the counter asked if he wanted sparkling or flat water and if he wanted his drink sweetened or not. The smoothies weren't super icy, but still delicious.

Like most places on Roosevelt, they had art for sale throughout the space. I thought it was a little lacking in ambiance, but would definitely come back again!
I came here on a business dinner. We had a group of 16 people and were given a private room. Several members of the staff waited on us with courtesy and kindness. I dont think Ive ever experienced such service. They were joyful, humble, and grateful. I commented on how adorable the little plates shaped like hearts were and was told by the lovely women in charge to just keep it! The food was very affordable and delicious.
I couldn't believe this place was a restaurant when I pulled up, it is an old house covered in graffiti that is overgrown with weeds. When I walked in I noticed a stray cat laying under a chair ( I love cats but it is probably against some health code regulation to have them in the dining area.)  

I wasn't sure whether to sit down to, wait to be seated, or order at their counter so I just took a seat . There were two other people in the restaurant being helped by a waiter and I expected once he got their order and gave it to the cooks he would return to take my order but I sat there for 15 minutes just looking around.

I didn't eat their food, I just walked out and went somewhere else. So maybe they don't deserve this rating but this place was dirty and unwelcoming.
As regular vegan foodie, I was very excited to try Aside of Heart. The place itself is cute, with nice decor and atmosphere. I got the brownie and the jackfruit carnitas burrito. The brownie was honestly very disappointing - dry, crumbly, not at all what you think of for a brownie. While I get that some foods are hard to make vegan, brownies don't fall in that category and I regret paying that much for something OK. The burrito was a bit better, but just as a personal preference not something I'd get again. 

My biggest issue with Aside of Heart actually goes beyond the food experience though. As a vegan place, I'd expect greater concern for animals but there is a betta on display in a fish bowl. Fish bowls are known to be incredibly cruel living spaces for fish and to be vegan and demonstrate that as acceptable is incredibly hypocritical.  Bettas, despite misinformation, need a sizable tank that includes a filter and heater (betta need filtration of their waste, like any other fish, and they typically live in warmer water and its virtually impossible to consistently regulate water temp in a bowl). While I would like to write this off as accidental ignorance, I'd like to think vegan people would understand the importance of researching an animal before taking one in to care for.

Overall, unhappy with this place and would not recommend.
Wonderful food!!  Loved the Carnitas burrito with jack fruit!!  Especially loved the lemon tarts and chocolate chips cookies which were beyond awesome!  it was all so good ...all vegetarian!!
Raaannnndom facade but I was hopeful as I entered shared art space / cafe. Unfortunately no fresh juice and no acai available.. And very hesitant service. Hopefully it just hit it on a slow morning
I was anxious to try this place out. I'm not gonna lie, I was a bit taken back by the looks of the place but I kept an open mind.  The woman working there was very friendly and helpful with the menu and ordering. I chose the jackfruit torta. It was great! I also ordered a date smoothie and cookie. Both were EXCELLENT! I'll be back. :)
My daughter and I stopped in to Aside of Heart today for lunch and thought the food was fantastic.  She had the tofu block and I had the tacos. Both were delicious.  The prices were very reasonable as well.  Next time we go back, we're going to have to try more of the vegan desserts.  They also had a great selection of smoothies.
I LOVE these guys. Great food and healthy too!  Pretty downscale decor, but the food, drinks, and desserts are great. 

Nadaa
Longggggggg waits at the drive thru, food is usually spot on, but when given the ticket to sign when paying with a debit card, you're prompted for a tip.. makes me feel like, tip us or we will lick your panini bread, so i feel guilty and tip $2, they never say thank you! what the heck guys. YOU'RE WELCOME! i rather just go get a slurpee at 7-11
The Smoothies are good, but the service is lacking.  Staff was unwilling to make a smoothie that was not on the menu even though all of the flavors were.
This smoothie place is pretty good. The location isn't convenient if you're in the north Durango area of Las Vegas. The service is prompt. Price is reasonable for a smoothie. They do offer military discount.
As a vegan this place totally stepped up its game and it tastes so good! Will eat there a lot more now that I don't just have to eat the hummus veggie wrap haha chicken-free substitute amazing!
Service here is awesome and having a fresh smoothie for breakfast is a great way to start your day.... Tropical smoothie is taking Starbucks place in my mornings....
Great cafe! I love this store. Everyone is super nice, the store is clean and I never have a problem with my order. I am ecstatic that they now have awesome veggie smoothies!
I've never been a smoothie person, opting instead for "real" food over liquid.  However, it's stupid hot in Sin City and the fastest way I know to cool down is to ingest something icy cold.  Since this Tropical Smoothie Cafe is mere minutes away from home, that's where I headed.  I chose the Acai Berry smoothie -- lots of happy antioxidants -- and sucked back as much of it as I could before my brain froze.  Locating shave ice trucks may be a bit more work in the heat, so I'm glad I can refresh myself with a smoothie.  :)
This is the only smoothie place I even bother with anymore. I like that Splenda is an option and now that they are starting to incorporate veggie smoothies on their menu, it really hits the spot for breakfast or lunch. Plus, it seems like no time at all before I've filled up my punch card and get a free smoothie. If looking for more than a smoothie, I like their buffalo chicken wrap if I don't care about calories, and their ham and swiss flatbread when I do. ;) As for staff, I've had pretty decent service overall, albeit a bit slow at some locations.
I don't know if my order is too complex, but they seem to get at least one of the three things wrong every time, and its different errors each time....they are cheap and fast and right by my work which is probably the only reason I go back...
Great service at this place all the time.  They remember my order from previous visits.  

Don't be fooled by the name of it being only a smoothie place.  They have great food as well.  I usually like to get the Thai Salad with a Smoothie!!
This is my go-to spot when I don't feel like getting out of the car. I usually go here when it's late night and I just want to get something to eat. Sometimes I find myself not even buying a smoothie and that may seem unorthodox, but that's my story. I only gave it four stars because the food not really that great.

Nevertheless, tropical smoothie is a great place to get food later at night when there's no other option. It's open 24 hours so unless miraculously you have more than 24 hours in your day, tropical smoothie is THE place to go when it's right down the street from your house.

I'll give them credit though. Their cranberry "whatever it's called" sandwich is usually what I get when I'm not really sure what I want to grub on, but it's the best thing since sliced bread. Although, the order itself involves sliced bread so I'm not really sure how that works.

okay, I'll give them credit. Get the mango magic if you're in the mood for a smoothie.

The end.
This tropical smoothie is always clean and it's never too busy at all. My last experience at this one, there was only one employee running everything because the other one hadn't shown up. He was taking care of a busy drive through and orders from customers standing in line. He did a great job though and didn't panic but you could  tell he was obviously stressed. 

I've noticed there does seem to be a lack of employees at this location compared to others. 

Other than that, the food is always fresh and I leave satisfied. I would recommend this location if you live near by.
Very upset! I came at 4:03pm and they wouldnt give me my happy hour. So tip for anyone that come to this location: do not be even a minute late!!! This is thumbs down :-(
Drive-Thru is painstakingly long, bring some patience when visiting this restaurant. Food was accurate and correct change was given, however there was no apology for the 16 minute drive thru time... :/
I have no complaints about this tropical smoothie cafe. I'm a regular here as I stop by about twice a week. They have a drive thru which is really convenient. The drive thru is 24hrs as well which is perfect for those late night cravings. Only thing that gets to be a hassle sometimes is the length of the drive thru and wait times. Staff is really friendly and I love the fact that they give a military discount. The military discount seems to be a hit and miss though as sometimes they'll do 10% off and other times they'll do a 20% off. I don't complain though since I know any discount is better then none. Overall great smoothies and food snack items.
Caution - the wraps at this location DO NOT look like what is advertised in pictures.

I have been a number of Tropical Smoothies and this location by far had the least impressive presentation and quality of food.  I ordered a wrap as I usually do.  The wrap looked like a $2 Taco Bell burrito.  As a matter of fact, a Taco Bell burrito for $2 is a better value than the $7 wrap I ordered from this Tropical Smoothie location.  I expect to receive a wrap that looks good, tastes good and is filling.  When I mentioned to the young lady behind the counter that the wrap does not look like the picture, she replied with, "Things never look like the picture."  I was completely surprised by her answer.  That statement is not accurate.  The other two Tropical Smoothies that I visit do a very fine job of filling the wrap with the ingredients and presenting it nicely.  She said that all items are measured.  She did offer to remake the wrap (that looked more like a burrito).  I asked her if she was happy with the quality of her "work" and if she believed she had presented me with the best wrap she could make.  She said she had.  Additionally she said she was just doing her job and that the wrap was made the way it was supposed to be made.  With that, I chose not to have the wrap remade.  

The location was clean with a nice layout.  It had the Tropical Smoothie branding.  The shake we ordered was good.  The wrap was below average and so was the response from the clerk when our concerns were brought to her attention.
Very upset! I came at 4:03pm and they wouldnt give me my happy hour. So tip for anyone that come to this location: do not be even a minute late!!! This is thumbs down :-(
When you think of franchise restaurants your generally think of places like subway and I wasn't going to try this but heard great review on smoothies. 

The Order : Thai style salad, not pictured Buffalo chicken wrap and banana mango smoothie and also a strawberry / blue berry mix. 

The Buffalo Chicken Wrap was amazing one of the best I have had toasted and also chicken was nicely coated with hot sauce. 

The Thai Style Salad. -- well I liked the dressing however the chicken was warm also subway like processed chicken kinda hard to eat and had to push aside and eat the greens. 

The smoothies -- Really had a craving today the banana was really great almost at points tasted like pineapple the blue berry one is too. 

So if your tired of eating mass amounts of pizza, or deep fried food check this place out. I normally don't do franchises however was relatively surprised with this one. 

They offer delivery service threw grub hub however from what I heard its only credit card option only no cash. and offer military discount.
I love this place. It's super nice that they have a drive-thru and the food is consistently delicious. Service is a little slow especially in the drive-thru but it's never too bad and the staff is very friendly. I'm really glad to have them in the neighborhood for a quick and tasty meal.
So the owner was very nice to email me about my disappointment with her cafe, she wanted to invite me back with offer of a free smoothie. I went to redeem it today. So thankful for the customer service she had made by emailing me, that I went back to her cafe to get my smoothies. To top it all, her associate Kait was super nice... Greeted me right away and made my smoothie right away while I was still talking with the cashier. Kait also walked my smoothie over and thank for me coming in, she didnt even know that I was there for a specific reason, now that's the ultimate customer service!!
Food and smoothies are delicious. My only complaint is the drive-thru is extremely slow.
Great little shop and cafe. They do scrumptious toasted marshmallow milkshakes,
just choose the  flavour youd like!. They  have beer marshmallows too! Nice for gifts too & not expensive.
Definitely should go and give them a try.
Considering the work,thoughts and effort the owner had put into these lovely softies..

They are very airy fluffy and yummy. What real marshmallows should be. With characters also gluten free and low fat!! Not just any high street confectionary sweeties that's packed with chemicals and flavoring. 

Got to love the earl grey and thr coconut ones...was hoping to get my hands on the key lime ones but they didnt have it today. .

Yes they are different from our usual marshmallows. .its a way higher standard but it is quite pricy...3.+for 6 to 8 bits of marshmallows...

Other than thr price. .no complaints. .
Worth giving a try.
Point the first: the shop is a working shop devoted to marshmallows and also stocking the finest in local artisan confectionery (Pinnies & Poppyseeds shortcake, Edward & Irwyn chocolate) - no longer any cafe element to it. Kitchen visible. Packaging stacked neatly on the shelves. Icing sugar tramped charmingly from till to window over the otherwise pristine shop floor.
Point the second: it's vintage and cutesy without being kitsch or saccharine. The colours are very slightly brighter and more vibrant than the oh-so-trendy macaron/candyfloss shades you're seeing everywhere at the moment.
Point the third: They have a framed picture of Mr StayPuft.
Point the fourth: Sean, aka Mr Toontrait, the chirpy fun chappy who served me, seemed to be 100% in love with the shop and I could have stuck around chatting about marshmallows and his illustrations (he did the logo) for hours.
Point the fifth: those marshmallows though. UNFFFFF. Uh. May. ZING.
I confess; I haven't visited the Marshmallow Lady. But I just had to write a review because I have tried her wonderful, dreamy sugar-puffs of heaven. All those other marshmallows you've had...Those aren't marshmallows! THESE are marshmallows. Believe me, you're going to want to buy packs for all your sweet-toothed friends just to see their faces when they taste these perfect light and fluffy squares and take a one-way ticket to sweet, sweet mallow heaven. 

Thank you to Brown & Co delicatessen in Bridge of Allan for stocking such a delicious  product. Of course, I want to share the joy of these sweet heaven-sent bouncy mallow-pillows with everyone. But I also want to keep them all to myself. Such is the yum of the Marshmallow Lady's produce, and what a predicament to be in!

I want to try all the flavours and I want to visit the fine Lady herself. 

Marshmallow Lady, I commend you. Keep working your mallow-magic and I'll forever be a fan!
Love the carts. Pretty much love all the carts. But whenever I eat from any of the carts this must accompany my meal. She has a really large variety of fruits to make smoothies and you can mix and match. There are also non-fruit things that you can add like chocolate but I always stick to the fruit. MmmmmmmMMm.
Nice smoothies but this review is more a plug for their spring rolls-- not sure if these are a regular item (there was a sign taped to the straw dispenser advertising them), but a single spring roll here was nearly as big as a burrito-- so a spring roll and a smoothie will pretty much set you up for lunch!
We generally head to Madison a few times per year to hit up the Dane Co Farmers Market (because it's amazing!). The Natural Juice cart is almost always on the agenda because, let's face it - the market is CROWDED. The sea of humanity can get overwhelming, especially on a hot day.

Enter "break time" at the Natural Juice cart - the ladies that work here are fast and pleasant. Their juice is fresh and delicious and reasonably priced. The Mister generally gets a smoothie but I stick with refreshing, tart limeade.

One other plus - you can get creative and design your own smoothie flavor. Want a soursop and blackberry? Chocolate and avocado? Blackberry and jackfruit? No problem - they'll make it for you.
Just okay for Tropical Smoothie, but when you're in the Excalibur and looking for something quick, you're left with fast food choices.  This location is upstairs with the rest of their fast food restaurants.  I am a fan of the Tropical Smoothie chain.  My order is the same almost everytime...their Pesto Chicken Flatbread.  Service at this location is not bad, especially since most people up here are hitting up the McDonalds or Krispy Kremes.

One plus...they are either open 24 hours or stay open really late.  I've been here after midnight and they are still open.
The chicken salad sandwich was great!  I could have done without the smoothie.  I expected it to be better since smoothie is in the name.  I had the Mango magic and couldn't taste any of the mango.  This is located in the Excalibur food court and a good alternative to the fast food places on either side.
The sandwiches are not all that great, but the smoothies are delicious. I could drink them everyday!
First meal coming to Vegas and I was craving a smoothie and decided to stop by here To grab a quick meal. Realizing that was one of the biggest regrets of my trip. Ordered a smoothie and Jamaican bowl. The Jamaican bowl was disgusting. Bland chicken with sauce that didn't taste like anything thing like Jamaican food. The smoothie tasted like a slurpee from 7/11 only 3x the price.
Delicious food, reasonable prices and very knowledgeable staff. I recommend "The Favorite" omelet!
My coworkers and I were exploring the Summerlin ArtWalk at The Trails Center and was approached by a Rachel's Kitchen employee. She handed each of us a menu and welcomed us to check them out for their grand opening across the street.

While browsing through the art, we read through the menu, looking through all their salads, pasta, wraps, sandwiches, and burgers. Their menu also includes a breakfast menu served all day, a kids menu for the little ones, along with a lighter menu for the calorie-conscious. Dunno about my coworkers, but I was hungry and won over by the sweet potato fries or onion rings. We decided to head over.

Situated right next to Kumon, the restaurant is well-lit and is bigger than it appears from the outside. You can order at the counter and they'll assign you a number so someone can bring your food to your table. The dining area is spacious, although the drink station is a bit hidden at the back. Their service is quite friendly and efficient too.

I had the cheeseburger with the 1/3-pound patty done medium. When I picked the burger up, it was practically dripping its juices onto my plate. Their sweet potato fries were made well, not too thick and still crisp. Yum. I really like that they have clean, healthy dishes that have this fresh vibe to them.

Might have to come by for a smoothie or one of their freshly squeezed juices sometime! It's a nice place to grab a typical breakfast, lunch, or brunch.
I love the fresh salads that they have here...it's still in semi construction about a month before its really finished...friendly and fast service...great place to meet up with some girlfriends for a light lunch...just glad it's only down the street from me...
Stopped in for lunch yesterday. I work across the street, which is convenient. The place was very clean. The service was quick and easy. 
The food was delicious. My burger had great flavor, juicy and cooked to order. The french fries perfectly seasoned and crispy. My smoothie was perfect and cold. I like the outdoor seating. The weather is still nice enough to eat outdoors.  
I look forward to going again.
Stopped by after the gym to see what Rachel's offered for breakfast. take-out. I ordered a breakfast wrap and added turkey bacon.  Any place that offers turkey bacon, vegan and vegetarian options is awesome in my book!  The wrap was amazing!  The food is fresh and hot.  Even though the food was perfect, my favorite part was the super-friendly staff.  Can't wait to go back.
I heard so much about this place, that I had to check it out.

The people at the counter are super friendly and patient - especially since it was our first time there.

During our whole visit there, we must have been asked how we were doing at least FIVE times.  They people here really care!

I ended up ordering the "440 Sandwich" which is grilled chicken breast, goat cheese, avocado, roasted red peppers, roasted tomatoes and romaine lettuce. 

It comes with a choice of mixed green salad, french fries, sweet potato fries, or onion rings.

From just the sandwich I was pretty full.  I loved the peppers, goat cheese and chicken breast.  A refreshingly different kind of chicken sandwich from other places I have eaten at.

It may not look like a big establishment, but being in a corner retail space, it really opens up towards the rear of restaurant.  When I was last there, they were also building a balcony to where you can eat outside.

I hope to come back here again soon!
Friendly service, but the food was terrible. The onion rings and smoothies were pretty good but everything else was pretty bad. My burger was over cooked and over seasoned. My husbands French fries had no salt or flavor. The Hawaiian bliss smoothie was great. We might give this place another shot before we write it off.
Well, I FINALLY tried Rachel's Kitchen! So glad I did! This will be a weekly thing for sure :)

I ordered the "French Toast". The slices were thick and the amount of maple syrup was just right.  I have to warn you that after eating the french toast you will not leave hungry! Next time I am going to try the "Ultimate Grilled Cheese". 

The prices were great and portions nice.  It was very clean inside and the staff very friendly. There was just a good vibe all around.  

I asked the cashier if they had phone ahead ordering and I was told not only can I place and order for pick up I can order it online! They have the option on their website apparently.  I will be taking advantage of this!

They have tons and tons of healthy options from food to drinks. 

I also noticed a sign for catering. You can also "like" them on Facebook.
I stopped by for a smoothie after a grueling morning. The place is like the Tardis. Dr Who fans will immediately understand what I mean but for Less nerdy Yelpers, I would describe Rachel's as being a lot bigger on the inside than it appears from outside.

It is very clean, the staff are smiley and efficient and my Acai Berry smoothie with soy protein was tip top.

I'm going back for real food, maybe one of the delicious sounding breakfasts on the menu and I will update my mini review.
Had this one bookmarked once I heard this location was opening soon.  Didn't even realize it was walking distance from the gym that I hit from time to time.  Also didn't realize that it finally opened.  

First visit was a couple of weeks ago and didn't put in a review because all I had was their Peanut Butter Blaster.  I had this minus the banana and added a scoop of whey protein. Simply delicious and a perfect post-workout since there's at least 30 grams of protein between the scoop and peanut butter. Had their Smoked Turkey and Avocado Sandwich on my most recent visit.  I had the avocado deleted and it was perfect.  Usually a turkey sandwich anywhere is bland unless you have condiments.  This sandwich wasn't.  The smoked turkey is a good touch and so good that I can't wait to come back for more.  Friend of mine had their Curry Chicken Salad.  She loved it and killed it so I know it was good.  

Rachel's Kitchen has a lot to offer.  From oat meals to burgers, smoothies to healthy sandwiches, you really can't go wrong dining here.  Service is great as usual and the restaurant is clean.  With this location so close to one of my gyms, I'm sure that I'll be back very very soon.  Word!!!
The newest location is right next to my gym, so I'm a happy camper.  I love their oatmeal with strawberries and bananas, a great post-workout meal paired with iced green tea.  There's something on the menu for everyone.  Great service, great food, great googly-moogly.  Happy New Year!
I frequently made the trek over to the Hualapai location, but now I don't have to.  OK, it wasn't that far, but the Trailwood location is now so much more convenient.  It has become a  regular stop for the kids and I after our weekly visits to the Summerlin Library.  

I have yet to try something on their menu that I do not like. You can't go wrong with the Grilled Chicken, Ultimate Grilled Cheese, or Turkey Sandwiches. The sides options of fries, sweet potato fries, mixed green salad, or onion rings round out the meal. But, my absolute fave is the Chinese Chicken Salad.  And just for kicks, I'll switch it up every once in a while with the classic Chopped Salad.  The best part however, is the fact that if I have a napping baby in the backseat, I don't have to risk waking him up by getting him out of the car and back in.  I can simply place my order over the phone and pick it up curbside, and be on my way.  And I have yet to try it, but ordering online looks super easy and convenient too. 

My kids also love the smoothies, as do I, but I have recently become a fan of the Popeye's Secret- thanks to Christie O's frequent pics and cheek ins :)  This fresh juice blend of apples, spinach, carrots, celery, beets and parsley just hits the spot and puts me in a healthier state of mind.  Thank you Rachel and Rachel's mom!

The service is always friendly and the restaurant is spotless.  I am so glad that Rachel's Kitchen offers such healthy and tasty options, helping me keep my new year resolutions!
Visited Rachel's for the first time ever on 1-16-2013 for breakfast with my wife.  Service was not the best, in fact, counter girl had somewhat of an attitude.  Ordered a burrito and a wrap.  When the food came, my wife asked for extra salsa and the same counter girl only offered us hot sauce.  So much for that...so the food to our taste was a little dry.  I was surprised to find Scotch tape on the paper wrapper on my wrap.  All the serving cups are advertising franchise opportunities...a little tacky I thought.  Next time they might be advertising for a lawyer...Need a Check?

All in all, ok.  I would much rather go to Jamms or Babycakes.
We went here last weekend after working out. I've been to Rachel's before and have always liked it. There food is fresh and relatively healthy, so I'm not sure why I don't come for often. Anyway, we passed it on our walk home from the gym and decided to stop in for a bite to eat.

We split a 440 sandwich and a  spinach salad. I really liked the fact that they had the knowledge of  ingredients in the menu. Especially since we'd just got done working out and I was more calorie-conscious than usual. So Mario took care of us and also brought our food to the table with a big smile. He also recommended sandwiches from the light menu. This place has a great service. 
The salad was big and fresh.The sandwich was pretty good. It was  full of chicken, and the ciabatta bread is the best.

Rachel's Kitchen has really good, fresh salads and sandwiches. They're better than most chain sandwich places. Definitely my favorite place to get lunch.
had the vegetarian sandwich and it was awfully greasy and fell apart. but the grilled cheese was good.

I wish they had more vegan/veggie options, but overall pretty yummy.
Ordered the Ultimate Grilled Cheese with Bacon...I was expecting more honestly.  And the cost...hmmmmm a little over my budget.
Everybody loves this place, but I just don't!  I'm sorry!  I hate it when everybody loves a place, but I just can't get into the hype.  Rachel's Kitchen is ok, but it would never be my first choice of places to eat.

Everytime I come here, I always think, "Damn, this place is really expensive for what it is."

And then everytime I look at the menu and think, "Ohhh, this sounds really good.  I'm going to like this."  

And then everytime I order I think, "Damn, this place takes a really long time to make a freaking sandwich."

And then everytime I eat it, I think, "Ahh man, this isn't that special."

And everytime I leave feeling mildly annoyed that I spent money here.
"OUTSTANDING"

Last Friday, February 15, 2013 I went to Rachel's Kitchen (9691 Trailwood Dr, Las Vegas, NV 89134) to have dinner with my family & friends. We tried your Chicken Mushroom Burger-Grilled Chicken, Sauted Mushroom Cheeseburger, Cheeseburger, Fettuccine Alfredo Noodles and Penne Pasta with Sauted Chicken Breast... and we absolutely love your food and the outstanding Service!

I especially want to thank Tony and Jessie for creating such an awesome friendly atmosphere!
You are definitely among our favorite bistro restaurants on our list!
Friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere,and healthy menu options make this place a great choice any time of the day.
I thought I would give it a try because I like supporting local places. Terrible choice. I ordered a cheeseburger and my girlfriend ordered a chicken curry wrap.  I asked for the burger to be cooked medium and I got my burger back and it was cooked well done. The first bite I took it was the saltiest tasting thing I've had in a while. The only decent thing on my plate was the sweet potato fries. My girlfriend asked for no cucumbers in her chicken wrap but the mix is already pre-made.  We were told the cucumbers were small diced pieces. She opened up her wrap and there were huge cucumber slices and very little chicken. She was only able to have not even half an ounce of chicken.  This is the last time I will be dining here. What a waste of 20 dollars.
I was really sad when Daily Kitchen, through some nefarious lease issues, unseated Rachel's Kitchen and made them move to DI.  Their location at DI is next to a smoke shop and I dont need that kind of second hand action.  I love that this location is so near my house.  I love everything from a tasty BBQ burger to the bacon muffins.  I am glad they are also opening in my secondary hood. . . Downtown.  So now I can eat a little healthy when I am enjoying the hacker space.
Tried the Trails location for the first time. Our visit was on Sunday for breakfast. The place was crowded with a few people ahead of us in line but it moved quickly. After ordering at the counter the food is delivered to your table. The refreshments are self serve so you can drink while waiting for the food. I guess the kitchen was backed up since the wait was longer then I expected. The nice background music and good coffee helped pass the time.
Our food was delivered with a smile and was followed up to check on our satifaction The Breakfast Burrito was large and very tasty. The breakfast potatoes (cubed) were nice and hot and the portion was larger than necessary. We will be back to try the lunch menu. This is another great choice in the Summerlin Village and we look forward to supporting a local business that seems to be growing.
My co-worker bought me lunch and she got me a Cobb salad and she ordered a Chinease Chicken salad to go. Both salads were delicious! lot's of protein and veggies and very filling!
I enjoy that they have Gluten Free options. Not many restaurants do. Staff is friendly and food is good. A little  bit expensive for a cafe...
I went today for the first time with my I inlaws. They go regularly and love it. I thought the place was ok. The food was ok but nothing special in my opinion and the cost seemed a little high for what we got. 

I did like the outside patio though because we had my 17 month old with us. She doesn't like to sit still and would rather wander around. It wasn't too crowded so we were out there so the kiddo could walk around, enjoy herself, and not bother other patrons, and we could enjoy our lunch as well. 

I would probably go back with my inlaws, but it really isn't my first choice in the area.
Cafe is tucked into a nice corner of the shopping center. Really nice atmosphere and very clean. Staff is helpful and friendly and they do deliver your food to the table if you are eating in. I ordered the chicken Caesar wrap with fries. Food was very good. I can taste the quality in the ingredients. Chicken was very tasty and the dressing tasted homemade. Big wrap and good amount of food also. You get what you pay for. I would recommend this place and was very satisfied with my visit as being my first time here.
One of my favorites!!!  I love this place.  Take my word for it...I have scoured the Vegas area for a grease-free, all natural, and healthier restaurant to eat at, and rachels kitchen is at the top of my list!!  This food needs no further explaining, for it speaks for itself.
Ordered Cheeseburger with fries. Very dry could not see the cheese. 2 thin slices of tomato and a few pieces of lettuce, fries were undercooked and tasteless.Wife had
Rachels chickensalad sandwich on cibatta bread. There was no chicken we could
Find in the sandwich had mostly grapes. First and last time. Wasted $20.00
First time and last, we are healthy eats and this food is absolutely bad.  Chicken salad sandwich and all it had on it was watery grapes no taste.  I don't mind the price but when I leave feeling they should have paid me to eat it that is not a good thing.  Will never go back.
I have had "healthy" food from the Bay Area and I might have to say that I may have a slightly distorted high-standard but a standard nonetheless. With regards to Rachel's Kitchen, I would say that their food is mediocre. It is pretty ordinary and slightly pricey for what you do get. The juice is watered down and not as full/rich as I am used to (or how it should be).

The one thing that I would go back for (and have) is the Incredible Hulk shake. I am slightly lactose-intolerant so I appreciate when some food is dairy free. This one comes with silken tofu, peanut butter, honey, and banana and tastes like a PB and banana sandwich - THE BEST. Other than that, Rachel's is just meh to me.
Rachel's Kitchen is the perfect after work out place.   I can fill up on a smoothie or get re-energized with a fresh squeezed juice.   So happy I can get in and out easily from the gym.  Fav dish is the grilled chicken Caesar wrap with a Wilshire Smoothie.   Suggestion... Call ahead and your order will be ready and waiting
Great place! The man who greeted me was so patient and helpful. I got the turkey sandwich on the lighter side menu and he had them make it how I wanted it and answered all my questions. The food was really good and healthy and I look forward to going back and trying more.
I like the chopped salad and club sandwich.

Not necessarily "healthy" but wholesome.

The outdoor seating area is nice in the fall or a spring day.

I throw this in to the mix for lunch once and a while, but only on days that I have more than 60 minutes available.
The 440 Sandwich with sweet potato fries is one of my favorite lunches. The salads are also great, and I can't wait to try the pasta dishes (and I will...one of these days).

I really like this location because it seems quicker and less crowded than the one on Hualapai.
I have finally tried Rachel's Kitchen again, but at this location.  Usually I went to the Henderson location because I used to live near there, but now this location is literally down the street from my house.

I went here with my mom and we were not too impressed.  The workers are ever so friendly and we took our time trying to order because my mom didn't know what to get.  But we ordered the Chicken Alfredo pasta, the tuna sandwich, and I believe I got the peanut butter and something smoothie.

We received our order and my mom tasted her tuna sandwich and she hated it.  My chicken Alfredo was good and I liked it, I would definitely  order it again if I ever chose to come back here.

However, what really gets me is the prices for the food.  I cant help think how expensive they are.  All three items cost me about $36! All i kept thinking was I could have gone to M buffet. LOL. 

With that being said, the place is nice, has a lot of space, and it has a cute out-door eating area.
nice patio
Rachel's Kitchen has been on my bookmark list for a while now and I finally visited it a couple of months ago (bad yelper....but better late than never).  My first thought upon entering the Trailwood/Summerlin location was "huh....clean space, nice colour scheme, but the decor was kind of sparse."  Less is usually more, but I thought that the walls could have used a *bit* more decorative love and/or larger wall art.  

Service was friendly and the food, which is the most important thing, was very good.  I had the garden veggie burger and sweet potato fries and hubby had the Cobb salad.  We enjoyed our meals a lot and were happy with the freshness, quality of ingredients, and overall flavour.  Prices may seem a tad bit on the spendy side, but 1) Summerlin location = $$ and 2) quality ingredients cost a bit more than mediocre ingredients.

I plan on coming back here to sample the baked goods and brunch items.  I'm glad that this location is so close to home!
Very tasty. I went for bring with some friends and had the breakfast burrito with bacon added. I can't usually eat a full burrito so I asked if they could only use two eggs, this was a great choice because it was still a big meal! Potatoes on the side were fluffy inside crispy outside. Great food, not the fastest service since it wasn't very full. 

I will definitely return here.
TIP: If you don't want to wait the 10 minutes it may take to prepare your food/drink, order online ahead of time.

This Rachel's Kitchen is much bigger than the one on Hualapi (Spring Valley). My co-worker and I went there around 3:00pm so the place was pretty empty. I ordered my usual Sweet Greens and an oatmeal cookie, and my friend got the Peanut Butter Blast Smoothie. Man, his drink looked good, but I'm limiting my dairy intake. I decided on doing a juice fast every Tuesday, so I'll be back here once a week. I hope that sometime in the future, they will consider using dairy alternatives for their smoothies.
Skip this location at all costs. The Hualapai location has hands down better food and employees. The food at this location is always sub par, and the staff is ALWAYS very rude, short, and cold. I LOVE Rachel's Kitchen, but this location gives RK a bad rep!
A healthy Alternative, food is OK have some good selection of sustainable foods more of run of the mill kind of American Foods.
This was my first time here. It was very clean and had friendly service. We sat outside and the chairs and very comfortable with cute glass tile tables and a nice water feature. We had scrambled eggs with bacon. Eggs were a perfect consistency and the bacon was cooked perfectly. The potatoes that came on the side were hot and crispy. I would come back again.
I have visited this Location several times and I'm always happy with them! I love the freshness of their  food. I had the breakfast wrap and my friend had the breakfast burrito both served with yummy potatoes and they were both wonderful! I tried the acai berry smoothy and wow it was great fresh made. And you can add protein into any of the smoothies how great is that!  If your lucky enough to go there on a day they have tomato basil soup get it! It's the best!
I've been here plenty of times due to me going straight from school to work and this is the only place to get food in the compound. This is a good restaurant with very nice and friendly workers. The establishment is very clean and it's very relaxing. 

I usually get their Hawaiin smoothie and it is absolutely to die for. The reason I give it a three star is because the service isn't the fastest, which is understandable since it is made fresh, BUT still very slow considering whenever I go it's not busy at all. 

Also, I find it a bit overpriced for okay food that is a smaller portion. So far I've had the burgers and the sandwiches and their alfredo pasta, but I feel like I can just make that at home for half the price and for a bigger portion.

It's whatever though, because I can get over that when I'm really hungry.
They advertise vegan but there's nothing that's vegan other than
 a bowl of lettuce. Forget about getting anything quickly even a  smoothie 20 minutes minimum... Really bummed...
Nasty!!!!!!! My wife WAS addicted to this place when it first opened but they are opening locations around town so fast that consistency is a major issue. The burgers here taste frozen and cooked too long. When I place an order online I still end up waiting 15 plus minutes for my food after arriving. Seriously, McDs tastes better. My last order was wrong and yet again... Burnt! I will say that the eating area is always clean but the food and service should be more on par.
What is the big hype about this restaurant? The food has no flavor, the atmosphere is boring and cold and the staff has NEVER gotten an order right. The only upside to a wrong order is they sometimes have a "no problem" attitude and fix it. Salads have too much dressing, pasta is over cooked. I so wish my kid didn't like it here. I'm done and next time she craves Rachel's, I'm not going.
I always seen this place when I went to 24 hour fitness next door so I decided to stop in & see what they had. I ordered a sweet greens juice it was really good! Especially to have sooo many greens in it, they balanced the taste perfectly! The mood was peaceful when I came in (around 9am), very clean & spacious. The employees could've been a little friendlier but I guess that's what you can expect at 9am lol? Anywho overall I was really happy with the experience & will be returning. The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars would have to be the prices they should definitely come down a little, other then that it was great!
I love this place !!great service and food is always amazing :]]] I love stoping by right after work, it always hits the spot. Great for ordering lunch for the whole office.
first time today and what a surprise! ! they have live music. I ask one of the girls and she said is every Sunday.... 
Me and my wife we both had some soup perfect on these weather, next time I'll try one of the pastas..
Very likeable small chain that features fresh ingredients, delightful variety and stellar service. Have been here to drink coffee while watching a salad (with salmon substituted) enjoyed and devoured. Think of the new kinds of fare Starbucks is offering, now imagine a real kitchen making a lot of this happen --- plus a larger range of items. Breakfast is served all day, and people looked happy the couple times I showed up. Good place for parents of younger ones, or just people needing a quick bite that won't cost an arm and a leg. Yes, it's reasonably priced. While there is table service, per se, you do have servers bring your food, after ordering it from the counter. Tip at time of purchase, or as you leave. 

The bakery stuff looked great --- yogurt parfaits, muffins, cakes, et al. The first day I showed up, there were lemon poppyseed muffins that looked perfect. However, the next day, when I came back, they looked just OK. They were smaller and didn't look as big and vigorous. The server told me that they had a different chef today --- and I was glad to hear that at least there is some human touch to all this. She either took pity on me, or perhaps the smallish muffins themselves, and stuffed a second one in my bag, without me even knowing. Very sweet. I, um, should really go back to that tip jar and make an adjustment.

Located in a mini strip with a Curves, a Nutrition Blast, a pet care store, Nail salon --- this place looks well-suited here. And the food is darn good, too.
"Best burger ever" said the person who hadn't eaten in a month. But seriously, this burger was horrible. It had a taste and consistency of meatloaf. The meat was either borderline sour, or it was the seasoning that looked funny. The bun was just over the edge on the left half of the bun(betcha didn't know that there is a left side and a right side to a bun). This after they took my $10.49, which included the $1.75 up charge for fruit, which consisted of 4 red grapes, 2 little pieces of pineapple, 6 pieces of honeydew and and 30 dice sized pieces of watermelon.  And to top it off, my plate sat in the order window for 7 minutes. So the burger was almost cold.

I get people want to have a place that they can "rave" about, but this isn't it. I'm likely not their key demographic as that appears to be housewives and teenage women, oh and those that don't seem to get how rude it is to let their children run around screaming at the top of the lungs.
Love the food, hate the online ordering. They get the order wrong every single time. Be sure to check your to go order before leaving!
It has been 6 hours since I've eaten at Rachel's Kitchen and I've been feeling nauseous for the past two hours. I almost feel a little fever coming because I eat some messed up food from this place. The chicken in the wraps are not freshly cooked but precooked and served cold in the wrap. Mine was grilled and my date's chicken was breaded. WHAT??? Why isn't both of our wraps made with grilled chicken? Anyways, The meat was dry and probably over a day old and they probably didn't keep the food in a cold fridge to hold off bacteria because I'm starting to have symptoms of food poisoning.

1. Make food fresh and to order.
2. Don't think your customers are stupid enough not to know the difference between freshly prepared food and precooked.
3. LEARN TO HANDLE TO FOODS IN THE KITCHEN SO PEOPLE DONT GET SICK.
Thoroughly disappointed in this place. My mom was sick so I decided to get her a FRESH salad and this place was close to my house. When I got there, their system was down, so I wasn't able to order for 10 minutes. On top of that, when it was fixed, the woman at the register didn't even bother to tell me. A guy had to come up to take my order. Poor customer service. I ordered the Signature Salad and it already was not worth it with the ridiculous prices, costing at about $8 for a simple salad. Some salads even sold for $12! Basically, they gave me a pre-packaged salad that made my mom throw up. Everything was old and soft and I came in there, looking for something fresh. I went back in, complaining, and they gave me a new complimentary salad. I appreciated that but this place is not worth the time or money. I will never be coming back here again. Ever.
Went here for the first time after hearing about it from some friends. The counter and entrance area are nice, but the tables and seats are awkward and uninviting. The space feels like someone turned a patio into a cafeteria. Regardless, my group decided to order our food to eat there. 

I started off breakfast with the Skin Cleanser juice which is Cucumbers, Carrots and Celery...but I substituted the Celery with Apples, because - well, I hate celery...and it was delicious! For breakfast I ordered the oatmeal, which was a giant bowl of oatmeal with some fruit and brown sugar on the side. It could have had a lot more fruit on it, but I wasn't disappointed. My friend ordered the breakfast burrito and my dad got The Favorite. The presentation was lacking. The dishes came out with a side of potatoes, and the main dish, and it looked like it was thrown on the plate cafeteria style. At least throw some fruit on there that's cut in a fancy way, or a flower, or something that makes the dish look pretty. Thank goodness, the taste of the food made up for the presentation. The goat cheese on The Favorite is addicting, and the breakfast burrito was awesome.

Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be back to Rachel's kitchen, unless I'm ordering my food to-go.
Love it - but it is too expensive ! Ends up @ $20 per person for a salad or pasta you pick up yourself at a counter .. Lower your prices
There are a few people there who actually have a clue about what is going on and give a damn about people's time. The staff for the most part is dismissive and rude.  The girl with the face piercing especially. I think Gabriela is her name. There should be a line for call in orders.  I have never waited less10 min. The only reason I go there at all is bc of location but I'm done until something changes with the snooty staff.
I'm just not into this place anymore. I was so stoked when it was being built and even after it opened I was a weekly regular. With nearby options like Burger King and McDonald's, I was excited to have a place that would be different and have a variety of menu options. The online ordering is pretty much useless. I place my order online because it is supposed to be convenient yet I still end up most of the time waiting in my car and having to go inside and get my food only to find out it isn't even ready. I have no issues with going inside and ordering something and waiting for it, but when a place offers online ordering so that you don't have to do those things and cut down on wait time and can't get it right it becomes useless. Then when I finally get my food it is overcooked. This wasn't an issue when they first opened however maybe because they are expanding around town too fast consistency is an issue. This last time my Omelet was yet again crispy and brown (overcooked) and hubbys breakfast burrito tasted awful (we used to eat these a couple times a week) and the tortilla was hard and the pancakes had a burnt flavor. The potatoes that came with my breakfast were dry and clearly came from a frozen bag. A lot of people think this is a "healthy" only food establishment... Wrong! After too many failed attempts... I give up!
Food was very average and the inside wasn't very welcoming or cozy. Very cafeteria-esque. The food was a little over priced. But if I was really hungry and I needed something convenient I would go here again...
Rachel's kitchen over off trail wood is the best! The staff is my favorite and the food is absolutely amazing. I eat here at least every other day. They should create a salad and call it the Lindsey salad since I'm always changing things and adding to them. :) Great place always something different to try.  I could eat here for every meal. My choices are Caesar Salad with Grilled chick and the macaroni and cheese!
With Vegas full of corporate chains ie Mcdonalds, pizza hit, subway etc it was finally refreshing to find a place like Rachel's Kitchen. The menu is full of great healthy fresh options which are hard to find in Las Vegas. The service is always great but when it is a little busy it might take a little longer to get your meal. Any of the juice options can be a little strong if it's your first time trying them. 

I recommend this place if your looking for an healthy alternative to the regular places
We had a group of 25 women that had a get together here. We warned them ahead of time and they were completely prepared. Got confused a bit on where the orders went but that was to be expected. The service was faster than expected. The food was great as always.
I come here a lot .. 3rd time this week ! It took me 27 mins to get my pancakes today ! I watched pep that came in way after me , eat and leave !! Very disappointed ! I had a teaspoon of syrup w pancakes and no butter .. I won't b bk ! Totally ruined it for me !

I wrote this in the heat if the moment .. I have to say I was contacted by their corporate office and they are trying to make the situation right . Great customer service
Food was good and came out quick. The service was excellent. I had an issue with my order which was fixed immediately and my check was adjusted for it. The employee even came back over to check to make sure everything was ok
Food was pretty good. Nothing to really rave about but it was my first time so I would definitely go back and give it another chance. They had lots of options...burgers, sandwiches, wraps, salads, smoothies. Cute little place in a nice area of town :)
A little pricier than I'd like, but non meat options are often times far and few. Also, the alternative to the regular bun was just plain wheat toast. 

I ordered a grilled garden burger, which I thought was pretty good, but not particularly special.  The patty on this one looked like it had quinoa mixed with the other vegetables, which was cool, but I was sooo hungry, I felt like there was barely any patty! Cereallly, that patty is like so thin. Anyhow, the avocado added to the sandwich was an awesome idea! Avocados over everything. Every sandwich comes with a choice of salad, fries, or sweet potato fries.  I got the sweet potato fries, which were also good...as normal? They're pretty hard to mess up lol. But maybe I'm a hefty eater, I just thought the portions were small. Oh, I also purchased the Triple Berry Smoothie! (See?? So famished!) And I thought it was refreshing and not overly sweet. I also appreciate that they can omit the yogurt. 

All in all, decent lunch spot. Prices range from about $8 up (my 16oz smoothie was $6), and I thought that the portions could have been larger considering the price tag, but that's just me.  I will probably return as they are in the neighborhood of my usual whereabouts if I tire of the my regular go-to's.
Haven't really tried anything from this place but their fresh juices (which were great by the way) but my two stars coming from the service and price of this place. If you are in a hurry don't even consider going to this place because they will take at least 20 minutes for you to get a juice/smoothie. The workers there are very slow, even when i see my drink by the kitchen window, they still take more than 5 minutes to give it to you. Only reason why keep coming back to this place because its more convenient for me to buy than to make my own juice. 

Did i mention that this place is also a pricey? I got a regular oatmeal with strawberries and banana for $7! without the tax.
You walk in and immediately smell cheap burned oil from the grill. Thought it was just a whoops that first time in the morning but no.  Every time we've been there. Would never order something cooked on that grill. They make great smoothies and coffee. Have to go to the patio due to the smell. Very unexpected due to their "healthy" focus. Staff great.
What a disaster, not the food but the service. I would immediately fire the management. 50 minutes of hell waiting for food. Which never arrived. Asked for a refund. Will never go back. If you see a line leave as the management is a disorganized mess.
What a disappointment, this was our first and will be our last time eating here. To start the girl who rung us up was very rude. We got there about 11:30 and beat the lunch rush but still waited 30 minutes for our food to come out. I order the vegetarian sandwich on ciabatta bread, when it finally came out it was on soggy wheat bread and cold fries. Christian got the veggie burger which had avocado and lettuce and nothing else on it, he also got the sweet potato fries which were also cold and lacked flavor. 
Dont recommend,  save your money, go else where
I love Rachels Kitchen- but I do agree with quite a few reviewers that this might not be their best location (Hualapai4LIFE) in terms of consistency. Let's be honest though- a bad visit to Rachel's kitchen is still substantially better than just about anything else in a few mile radius. I have gotten good meals and bad here, but the good occurs more frequently. 

When some friends came in from out of town and wanted a close place for a good breakfast I told them Rachels. They went and saw the outside, thought it was a hippy place and drove away. This prompted a heated exchange in which I questioned their honor, family lineage, and level of impairment. After a civil discussion they agreed to try it the next day and low and behold they thought it was awesome. Point being get past your skepticism and give Rachel's a try.

I have had a lot of things on the menu (I used to use a delivery service to get it for lunch pretty frequently) - so here are the highlights as I see them

Mac and Cheese- this isn't the Kid Mac at Outback (which coincidentally is also awesome) - its a more sophisticated "adult" (not in that way- get your mind out of the gutter this is a family show) dish- i.e. it has onions and mushrooms in it. I have downed probably 25 or more of these in my lifetime.

Signature Pasta- this is pasta in a tomato sauce with chicken and a ton of vegetables in it- great for convincing yourself you are eating healthy when you may or may not be. 

Garden's Pasta- don't be fooled- despite having Garden in the name this is not a vegetarian dish, it has chicken in basically a carbonara esque pasta. 

440 sandwhich- chicken and tasty tasty goat cheese (which is pretty strong)- not for the feint of heart.

Grilled Cheese- pretty good, although I would suggest subtracting all vegetables as an "ultimate" grilled cheese should not need them/they aren't a cheese. i know this- I put the ill in grilled cheese

Protein Scramble(again, mind out of the gutter)- this is a pretty good breakfast- recommend a side of bacon... or five

Pancakes- Not my favorite but certainly passable/better than most breakfast places pancakes.
I want to love this place I really do. It's walking distance from my house so i should want to come here often. Sadly I'd rather drive 10-15 minutes to eat somewhere decent.
I can't believe how over priced this food is for what you're getting. Not to mention the long wait to get your food! When your food finally comes your hoping for something amazing but that's not the case here. I won't be returning again.
Shame on you Rachel's Kitchen for letting this location fail. Bad reviews all over the place you'd think you'd do something to fix it. 30 minute ticket time is AWFUL. Staff is rude. I've been here a handful of times because its a mile from my house, everytime I leave angry. This is a perfect example of why some restaurants shouldn't franchise.
Could be 5 stars but they need to fix a lot of things. I got a breakfast burrito which was a 'not bad' $5 burrito...too bad it cost $7.25. It was supposed to come with avocado in it...I only counted 3 little pieces :(

I also asked if they had salsa, to which they responded "yes", but when I asked for it with my burrito I was told I had a choice of Tabasco or Tapatio's...hot sauce. That's not salsa :(

Lastly, the music playing was awful! I don't understand how the workers didn't snap!
Thought I'd try something new after work. Decided on the turkey burger with sweet potato fries and was not disappointed. The meat was seasoned perfectly and the fries were delicious. I sat outside which was very relaxing, as the patio is a bit private with a small waterfall. I will be returning..
I've been to three locations and as far as service goes...their workers could use a shot of personality. They weren't rude, but not very welcoming either. At one location I ordered a smoothie that took a good 15 minutes. What's that about?  They get three stars because the food is always on point. I've tried their burgers, salads and smoothies. All have never disappointed me.
Food: AMAZING and it makes up for the horrible service. 

Cons: the service is horrible. The girls are so incredibly b*tchy it's ridiculous. If you hate your job, get another one. 

Sad. This place could be amazing.
As much as I loved the food , the service was just so awful that I have to rate this 2 stars. The food was absolutely amazing :) I came here with a friend on 6/17/14 at 2 o'clock. We ordered our food and the two people up front just looked so miserable and unhappy. They acted like they were so busy too. There were very few people in the restaurant.  My friend and I both got wraps. Hers came out really quick. One of the girls then asked if everything was fine and we noted that I just needed my food. She then came back out with a salad. The salad was for somebody else. After waiting another 15 minutes , my food finally came out. I literally waited 28 minutes for a wrap while my friend had hers out in less than 10. I then asked for a side of ranch and that took another 5 minutes.  I was so frustrated and hungry that I actually went up to the kitchen and had to ask for the ranch. It's like they forgot about my order completely ! They didn't apologize once for their mistakes. The food was great, I was extremely pleased. Hopefully,  they work on their service some more however.
Fresh, healthy and most important to me - made to order. I am willing to pay more for a freshly made meal or smoothie than a machine or microwaved one!! 
Great lunch place to have a business lunch or catch up with a friend.
I'm sitting here now rotting away. Waiting and waiting for an omelette and a salad to go. I'm the only customer here too. Not even another take out order. Every time I come here it just gets slower and slower. 

They've messed up my order during my past 2 visits here. Let's hope they at least get this one right. 

I hope the original founder of Rachel's, who built an amazing business in Summerlin, reads this. Get over to this location and crack the whip. The staff is slow and spend too much time chatting with one another. 

Oh, and the last time my order was messed up, I sent it back, and caught a nasty glare from a chef in the kitchen. Real welcoming and comforting. 

I just got to my office with the order and had to add...No wonder the order took so long, they were burning omelet. Dry and gross. 

This is my last time coming to this location.
Absolutely LOVE the food and all of the healthy options! The two issues with this kitchen is; location and a little spendy. Also, every time I have gone there, I have waited for what seems like forever for my food. Silly things like the young lady not knowing someone brought it out and it was sitting there for 20 minutes is what I mean:) I will say though, food was worth the wait! I go often...
3 stars for the food! Not the service! My food was yummy today! Got the pancakes with banana and I was pleased. Unfortunately, I will not come back to this location. I'm not sure why, but the hualapai and DI location is the only one that knows how to balance food quality and service. Been to this location three times now and service is just eww. I thought maybe my other visits were on "bad days"; however, I'm sure that's not the case. Slow food and staff here so don't be alarmed. I understand it takes time for the food to be prepared, but how long does it take to say "Hello! Thanks for coming to Rachel's kitchen...how can I help you [without a perturbed visage]" Not sure because I had to get the gals at the fronts attention...& I was never greeted or acknowledged, so someone let me know. I will go out of my way to hualapai and DI from now on.
This place is the worst!  The food is good but the staff there has a "I don't give a $%*# "attitude.  I waited 20 min for a salad and then when i got it - it was wrong.  I always have a wait there - even if i order and pay online.  When I called to let them know my order was wrong the young lady asked me "what do you want me to do about it." Not a damn thing...I was calling to let you know so perhaps....just perhaps you can tighten up quality control.  I am not going back there.
Most likely will not visit again. Overpriced for what you get. Slow service and cold food is unacceptable when there was one order before us.
The best juice place I've discovered in the Phoenix area.  Everything is cold pressed within a day and comes in a variety of flavors.  Many times juices can be incredibly difficult to swallow but these are all surprisingly tasty.

The staff is knowledgeable and willing to spend quite a bit of time with you answering questions or developing your own program.  

The word is starting to get out which leads to them occasionally running out of juices.  It's best to go in the morning to be assured of getting the juices you want.
Best juices around - and they're the real deal (cold pressed, nutrient dense, organic etc.)!  Their food is awesome too.
Simply delicious. Fresh and smooth juices- loved the Gold one with greens, apple and mint. Lovely owner- gracious and patient. So happy to have found this hidden gem!!
Coming from San Francisco where juice has become more style than substance it was a HUGE pleasure to run across Kaleidoscope juice.  The green apple, lemon, ginger, Cayenne (Gold) and the spinach, ginger, green apple, celery, lemon mint (Anton) were my clear favorites, but all the flavors that I tried were tasty, clean, and fresh. I am becoming a huge fan of cold pressed juice and there are only one or two juice bars that I have visited offering anywhere near this quality product. 

I would recommend this spot if it were just for the juice, but the daily fresh organic snacks made the experience unbeatable.  I would mention favorite quinoa dishes or desserts, but offerings seem to change daily with each being better than the last.

If you have any questions or want to chat you couldn't find a nicer and more knowledgable proprietor who seems to be there night and day.
So glad to have found this place! Definitely the best place to get fresh juice in town. I highly recommend the wheatgrass lemonade, but all of the flavors I have tried have been delicious. The juice is always fresh and it is always served with a smile. 5-stars!
This stuff will change your life...

It's so much more then juice and it starts with the love and care of the owners. Their commitment to your wellness and understanding of how what you ingest changes your energy and your health makes Kaleidoscope Juice not to be missed! 

If you are looking for a kick start in the form of a cleanse or just looking to make healthy care a part of your day to day, the owners can guide you towards a program that will help you feel vibrant, energized and excited about what you are eating.. or in this case drinking. All the juices are cold pressed and totally fresh made with all organic ingredients so you can rest assured you are giving your cells the best stuff on the planet.. and trust me you will FEEL the difference. You can also pick up some amazing salads made with the same love and care like my favorite, the kale quinoa. Kaleidoscope is a true testiment to what a fresh, conscious, local experience can be - catered to inhance your personal well being and guaranteed to put a little extra bounce in your step. Don't miss out.. this stuff will change your life!
I had the pleasure of being exposed to Kaleidoscope even before it was named. I have tried many of the juices that are made by them everything is Ammmazing... If you are looking for health improvement take a "Juice Cleanse Challenge". To be honest Alexandra (the owner) may not even know what that means but just tell her Rich said do a Juice Cleanse and she will set you up..

Well worth it!
Phoenix finally has a juice bar!! I've been dying for something like this and now that it is finally here I can't say enough good things. Alexandra, the owner, is so knowledgeable about all things juicing and truly cares about her customers. Every time I've been in she makes recommendations based on what I'm looking for. 

In addition the the awesome service, I love the juice here. Not only is it fresh and flavorful, but there is such a variety that I am constantly finding myself ordering/trying something new each time I come in. Every single thing is so delicious. I am a huge fan of the quinoa salads--they come in huge portions and make for a perfect lunch when paired with a juice, and you will still have some left over for later.
Kaleidoscope juices and salads have changed my life!  Made from the finest, purest organic real vegetables and fruits - they are delicious and they help you feel better, healthier and more balanced throughout the day.  The cravings disappear as well as the pounds the more you drink!  Highly recommend and nice to know the owner is committed to improving the health of her customers!
Love this place!!!  They have the best juice, and it's organic and cold pressed!  Very knowledgeable about cleansing and overall health.  They genuinely want to share their knowledge with you and help you have a more energized and healthier life!
Nice people, amazing product, couldn't ask for anything better. Quinoa and kale salad is so delicious. I hope they make it out to Vegas. I would totally be a daily customer! In love
I discovered this place just by coincidence, guess where they are located, yes, inside a cupcake store.  I had been wanting to do a detox juicing day for a while.  I even checked out the one Selma Hayed does, so when I found KJ, I was thrilled.  All the juices are freshly pressed and they are organic.  I have done the one day reboot twice now.  I am not going to lie to you, it was not easy, by the end of the day everyones heads looks like a juicy hamburger.  I try to get busy and be distracted the day I do it.  The last one was a lot easier, since I had so many things to do with the twins.  By 6 p.m. that day, I still had two whole juices to go, woohoo.  I all seriousness, the juices are very good, and this coming from a cupcake queen.   I love the Steve's Green Dragon, it has Kale, Green Apple, Mint, Cucumber, Celery, Parsley and Jalapeo which gives it a spicy kick.   The Anton and the Watermelon Mint are also in my must have list.  I mainly do this to give my body a shot of healthy veggies, although the first time I lost 4 pounds, of course that doesn't last long, I kept 2 of those off.  The second time I didn't loose as much, but I am at my lowest weight, which will probably last 15 minutes.   I am trying to give myself a buffer before my birthday binge.
AMAZING!!! I wish I could give Kaleidoscope Juice 100 stars! Alexandra and her mom Andrea have really brought something so incredible to Scottsdale. I love the juice, salads, wraps and treats. Their store is easy to find and parking isn't a problem. For anyone who has tried juicing at home knows it isn't exactly easy.  The prices are very reasonable and the product is simply the best. I highly recommend Kaleidoscope Juice, I LOVE supporting this small local business!
I was diagnosed with thyroid cancer coming up on 10 years ago. Two years ago I went for a second opinion at they Mayo Clinic and they found some additional involvement and have been on a little bit of a roller coaster ever since. In January I decided I wanted to make a change. I wanted to change my focus to nourishing my body instead of fighting my cancer. Loving my body, instead of wasting energy hating this small part of me. I was interested in starting juicing both for occasional cleanses and weekly supplements, and I was lucky enough to stumble upon Kaleidoscope. I am addicted. I love so many of the combinations they have, and I love the energy I have drinking them. And my next Mayo appointment 2 months after making this change, which has also included adding meditation and Bikram Yoga to my life, my tumor marker came down significantly! Each bottle is made with the best ingredients, the best process and so much love. I can't thank Kaleidoscope Juice enough. I recommend them to all of my family and friends. :)
The juices were great tasting, but they are all premade so you can't alter any I gradients. Also, pretty pricey at $10 for a bottle.
Even though their juices are on the expensive side, I have become a believer in their concoctions. I recently drank the Flu Shot. I never would have known about it if I wasn't following them on FB. For a limited time the shop was giving away free drinks of this with another purchase. I haven't tried the Grapefruit one yet because every single time I go there they are sold out of it. That is a drawback of this place, they don't seem to be able to keep up with customer demands. I wish they would have more juices in stock because I hate not getting the drinks I want. But the ones I have tried... I love!
Love this place! Has the freshest tasting juice that is cold pressed and knowledgeable people to help you with a cleanse or just a kick start to a healthier life!  I spent quite some time there the other day just talking with Alexandra!  I came in just before closing and wanted to start a cleanse the next day.  They were basically out of juices so instead of having me come back when they opened the next day, she told me to just come back later that night when they were done juicing and she would help me pick out juices to make a great cleanse!  Needless to say, all of their juices taste amazing!  It's kind of pricey, but definitely worth it!
Products and people with integrity... what a concept!!! These girls are doing so many great things that they deserve nothing but success! 

I think juicing can get a bad rep sometimes for not being ultra tastey, but kaleidoscope juices are all very well thought out using only organic ingredients! Also their Thai Tiger Salad is amazing! 

On top of the products being excellent, they compost all of their waste from the juicing! BIG PLUS! 

 All in all one of my favorite spots to visit! Staff is very knowledgable, friendly and can help you whether you a seasoned juicer or just trying something new! 

Go get a juice, it will make you feel energized!
Not a fan. I question their ingredients and ethics. The women working there are all extremely rude. Certainly lacking in customer service!
You don't have to be a triathlete or a fitness buff, all you have to do is know your body needs solid nourishment.  The owners of Kaleidoscope understands this!  Not only do they serve wonderful recipes of pure awesomeness for the body, they do with class & integrity--everything they juice is organic & zen.  

For weeks, I was scouting for an organic juice shop and while this may seem easy to do, it's not.  

3 weeks ago, I was very happy to find this nugget of gold nestled in downtown Scottsdale & then on the same day I found out that they have opened another store in North Scottsdale, walking distance from my new home at Windgate Ranch.  

The store in old town Scottsdale is next to Poisoned Pen on the corner of Goldwater and Indian School. 

Now back to their juice recipes.  Their juices are jammed packed with medicinal whole foods and offer herbal shots/boosts to your drink.  I was happy to find the use of cucumber as a base instead of the sugary tastes when using apples or carrots.  
Their produce is local, fresh and organic. Juicing with locally grown produce is optimal for the body as it lives and thrives within the same environmental zen. Additionally, they compost all of their waste from the juicing.

If you are interested in healing your body, sleeping better at night, having more energy without the side effects of caffeine and energy drinks then I recommend Kaleidoscope.  The ingredients of their juices have a much more profound effect on the body because many of their herbs and plants restore the liver, gallbladder, heart and tonify the internal organs and clean the blood.  

Their recipes help bring the body back to the source of its purpose; to live healthier.  

Because they juice organic, I can drink without worries that their products were not grown in pesticide ridden soil.  If it's not organic then you might as well order a cucumber, kale,and spinach pesticide juice because that is exactly what the produce is when not grown organic.  The pesticide is in the soil as the plants grows and so, pesticide is embedded within the entire plant. 

After I got addicted to their juices within a week, I decided to do the 7-day cleanse. This was on my to-do list for a long time; and I knew with the knowledgeable Alexandra's (one of the owners) help and the quality of juices, I could do this.

I'm glad to say that I finished my 7-day cleanse without any problem yesterday. Alexandra and her staff guided me throughout the 7-day journey with their deep knowledge of the juices as well as the flow of positiveness.

Needless to say, I'm hooked on to their juices, the best ever. My journey to a much healthier lifestyle has just started with the 7-day cleanse.

Thanks to Kaleidoscope for truly elevating my lifestyle!!

I wish you all the success & I'll continue to come to your stores every day.
This place is ok. Went in for the first time last week and the girl didn't know much about the products. Was disappointed they couldn't help me more. Also unlike the other local juice bars they won't let you sample anything before you purchase it. I did not like that, so I purchased two kids, one was good and the other was awful. If the had provided samples I would have been able to find what I like before taking home and getting stuck with it. I didn't even drink half of one of my bottles
I LOVE this juice bar. If I'm feeling lethargic or the beginnings of a cold or if I just want a yummy juice, I head straight in! Love the girls who work here too. My personal favorites are the River, Dusti Beet and the Flu Shot. They also have this one that tastes like coffee... Yummmm-meeee!
Love love love Kaleidoscope Juice! This is a busy person's dream. It makes getting extra nutrients &/or cleansing so simple. Everything tastes fantastic. My favorites are Gold, Dusti Beet, Kerri's Clean Green, & the Strawberry Protein Almond Milk. I've done several 3 days cleanses & i absolutely love the 1 day reboot when I'm feeling a little low on energy. I tell everyone about Andrea & Alexandra & Kaleidoscope. I've lost track but I think at least 50 of my friends, family, & client have done their cleanses (either as a group or on their own) & many say they pop in all the time for a juice or two. Wish these ladies all the success in the world, they're doing great things :)
I can finally write about my favorite little hidden spot: Kaleidoscope. I always complain about not getting enough veggie nutrients and got on a major juicing kick before moving to AZ. What I didn't consider was the expense of a juicer and working on a low salary, so what do to? Find a juice bar! 

 When I searched for Kaleidoscope at first, I couldn't find it and gave up, messaging the owner (embarrassingly)  to figure out where in the world they were. She responded quickly and was incredibly friendly, leading me right to the doorstep of their fantastic shop! They have all kinds of juices and almond milk/milk-substitute drinks that will help curb the appetite if you're cleansing. Bottles are $10 and they have varying flavors. They are always more than happy to give you suggestions based off of your taste preferences and helped me pick out my cleanse assortment. They also have little salads, healthy snack options and raw sources like whey, etc. 

The inside of Kaleidoscope is bare bones and I love it. You see the countertops that they make all of their juices on, bowls of fresh produce, the machines, bottles in the back and the fridge upfront with fresh-made juices that are labeled with expiration dates. 

I am a huge fan of the River, the Dusti Beet, the Kerri's Clean Green and the Strawberry Protein Milk. 

They aren't flashy, and I love that. They deliver orders, have small drawings, and keep things simple--just like their concept. Two thumbs up from this gal!
If I didn't drop a minimum of $20 on every visit they'd definitely get 5 stars.

Best juice in Scottsdale, hands down. Whether you're doing a cleanse or just need an afternoon boost of nutrients, all their juices are fresh and delicious.  My favorite is the Green Dragon - jalapeo yum! or the Hot Yogi - so refreshing!

They also have a few options to chew on and everything I've had tastes great and will make you feel fabulously healthy.

Thanks for taking care of me Kaleidoscope!
Incredible! Immortal machine. Too many ingredients to list but the most delicious and nutritious smoothie. Also recommend the turmeric flush with a Wheatgrass pour over is crazy delicious. 

They also have these Rice crispy treats that have more healthy ingredients that most of us get in a week - even including unexpected ingredients like tahini. They are in their cold case to the right of the front ordering area. 

You can also grab a fresh salad as well. They make them each day and plop them right in the ol' fridge as well. I noticed one with Soba noodles... everything else is mostly gluten free as well. 

WAY better than any juice place I have ever visited. Ever.
Really great owner, and great juice!
The juices are amazing here ! So good I could drink them all day everyday , but unfortunately I can't ... The only down side is they are pretty pricey , 10$ a juice. So if u wanna do a cleanse prepare for a good chunk of $$ to be spent :(  I'd give 5 stars if they were a little more affordable for a daily basis.
So I gave them another try. First thing I noticed was the depressed looks at the marginalized women faces that work there. Then the one "white boss" so to speak got up from her laptop and did not even say hello or ask if I have any questions (which I did!) I fended for myself, made the best attempt to educate myself and paid. Not a single thank you or even a smile. My heart ached for the women cutting up all the vegetables and hope that they are treated better than I was as a customer!

Why I am really writing this review for is the mess in the store! Boxes everywhere, a mess. Looks like a tornado ran right by it.

I know you're growing and this location probably doubles as the manufacturing plant but that's not an excuse to have a mess. Clearly a health violation!
I LOVE this place! I have tried all the juices and haven't had one I didn't like. I make a special trip once a week to stock up on juices. You feel amazing after drinking knowing you are putting something healthy into your body.

I have also tried the muffins and breakfast "cereal" (I think its called "Breakfast Plumber"), they are delicious.

My only complaint would be the price. At the same time it's so easy and I don't have to spend my day cleaning up a juice mess!
ABSOLUTE FAVORITE! Amazing juices, salads, coffees, treats! SO fresh & SO yummy always! Healthy, organic, and delicious. A little pricey but you get what you pay for! So much love for Kaleidoscope Juice. xoxo
I confess... I'm not a juice person.  However, I am most definitely married to one, and that's how I know all about the awesomeness that is Kaleidoscope Juice!  

Their juice is the good stuff : super fresh, packed with genuinely healthy things, sometimes yummy, and perfect for anything from a pick-me-up to a multi-day cleanse.  The ladies know their stuff and, if you don't know your juices, they're happy to guide you - tell them your goals and tastes and you get matched up with some juice.  While not cheap, the fine ingredients merit the price.

I'm a huge fan of the Flu Shot for a healthy boost.  I definitely feel great after drinking it...somehow, lemon and apple mix harmoniously with oil of oregano and garlic!  I also love the Gold, which is among their tastier options.  

My husband has done several cleanses, drinking only their juice, and has felt invigorated all day - he's had beet juices, green juices, almost every variety.  TIP: He loves incorporating an almond milk into cleanses - tastes great and slightly more filling.
Love this Tropical Smoothie Location!
Friendly, Courteous, Great Energy! The staff seems like they enjoy coming to work and Smiles are free. I love the Mango Moxic Smoothie (hold the peach) even if it isn't on the menu. And the Kiwi Quencher is so good after being out in the heat...Very Refreshing! 
I Love You...Never Leave Again!
Great smoothies and chicken and pesto pitas!
Don't know if I should bother writing a review for a drive thru smoothie run, but since Yelp will continue to remind me about my visit here, let's do it!

Drove up, ordered, paid, received smoothies....amazing!

The wait was very short, service through the window was with a smile, and of course, the smoothies are always good here.

Not much more to say!
Great service. Friendly staff. Haven't had a smoothie from here I didn't like :)
Can you say amazing?! The staff is friendly and this location has never been too busy when I have gone in so the service is also pretty quick. The food is wonderful. I haven't had anything that I didn't like. And the smoothies... SO good. Get a stamp/punch card too so you can get a smoothie for a penny later on!
Awesome smoothies! I like tropical more than jamba!

We love that there is a drive-thru for convenience and a military discount :) although their drive-thru display can use some tlc....

I like the hawaiian breeze and my husband likes the sunrise sunset.
Yay for drive-through! No more walking in all sweaty after a workout. It's fast and accurate. Unlike most drive-throughs, they actually get your order right all the time. Tropical Smoothie Cafe is so much better than those fast-food places in terms of quality and service.

I love their food and smoothies. I normally get a chicken pesto flatbread or King Caesar wrap, Paradise Point, Lean Machine or a Peanut Paradise. They use fresh ingredients and real fruit. Yum!
Quick. Some of the food is just too out of the box and it doesn't work, like the "wasabi caesar"...disgusting! Yet the jerk chicken is amazzzing. The smoothies are fantastic and they always have good coupons too. Winner, winner.
Tropical smoothie is delicious! But....

This location seems to have an issue opening on time and since I have to get to base before the morning rush, it makes it extremely inconvenient when at least twice a week the lights aren't even on at 6am when they are supposed to be open.  Go figure, but I would want my business open all of the hours I say it should be.

This is just a pet peeve.... Their drive through speaker is so quiet that I NEVER can hear them even shutting my truck off, it's quite annoying.

Not that I'm looking for a handout, but when you go in every time in uniform and then 6 months later you are told there has always been a military discount, it's a little discouraging.

Food is great, and service is good when it's there. This could be a 5 star if they could open on time and get that speaker working to where you can communicate.
Second update:

5 stars! Intercom is fixed and I could clearly hear and understand everything and 0608 in the morning and they are up and running. Didn't ask for military discount and checked my check, sure enough, good to go. Great job to the owners and staff for taking care of the customer!  Just showing you care enough to try is more than most these days, great business!

Update: I wrote a review a few days ago about some issues I felt could improve at this location. I noticed that the business itself comments back on many of the Yelp reviews. Within a couple days, the business has already put plans in place to enhance the service at this location and that automatically bumps it up a star. Kudos to you for running a business you care about!  Heading over this morning hoping they are open.

Tropical smoothie is delicious and I will be a long-term customer.  Thanks!
I am a huge fan of Tropical Smoothie Cafe, and I'm really glad that one of the highest rated ones is super close to where I live! 

TS is a gem. They always have text deals and coupons in your mail floating around, so you really have to be active in getting/finding them if you want to save money on your smoothies! 

They workers were super fast at making our food and smoothies, and all of it was really tasty and I would definitely go back again. The only setback is that they sometimes work so fast that they forgot to make the smoothie I ordered on the receipt and didn't apologize!! But, it took them all of 3 minutes to serve it up, so I guess its okay--just a minor setback :) 

So join the text club and get yo smoothie on!!! It's about to be one hot hot hot summer!
I gave it 5 stars just because I didn't have any issues. The cashier gave us time to think about the order and I didn't feel rushed. The food and the smoothies are delicious. I also got military discount so that's good.
They have good healthy choices that seemed very appetizing. The smoothies are all low fat. Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.
Hard to find any juice bars or healthy eats in North Las Vegas so I was excited when I found this on yelp. I thought I'd like it more though. 

Bahama mama (3.5 stars): Hint of white chocolate is really good. Couldn't taste much other than strawberry though. 

I'll definitely come back to try more and to try the food, probably one of the few healthier alternatives around here.

Place is clean, 2 cute purple chairs to relax in. Drive through is awesome to have in the heat! 

Service was great! Lady that helped us was super nice.
This place had the slowest drive-thru I've ever been in! And the people are so rude! I love the smoothie but it took so long just to order.
I don't know what it is, but the drive-thru is excessively slow for some odd reason. Sometimes it takes 5-10 to progress up one car. And what kills me, is my smoothie isn't as delicious as it should be. So I stopped coming here. I've gotten 3 watered down or I taste more ice flakes than smooth greatness.
Big news: there is now a Tempe location of Thrive. So if you've been dying to go, but Gilbert is too far away, you now have no excuse. Go immediately. Even if you don't live near Tempe either, it's worth the trip. And even if you've never heard of Thrive or acai bowls, you should still go.

Whether you are a superfood enthusiast or so clueless about this stuff that you think it's pronounced ah-kay, you will not regret going to Thrive. (Its ah-sigh-yee by the way.)

I, a vegan, took my Big-Mac-eating boyfriend, and we ordered a chocolate peanut butter acai bowl. I immediately loved the think, creamy, rich taste and texture of the acai blended with homemade peanut butter and pure cacao topped with fresh fruit (never frozen at this place, don't worry) and simple, crunchy granola. Although my boyfriend insisted that he wouldn't like my "weird vegan stuff", we were definitely fighting over the last few bites. So go immediately, and drag as many friends as you can.

Side note: even though it's a bit pricey, it's because the ingredients are such high quality. And as an added plus, they have a rewards system, so GO NOW. And as often as possible.
I've never had an Acai bowl before... I didn't know they were in Gilbert also, because I've never been. I really thought the staff was great, the sample I received was amazing and what I ended up ordering (an AMAZING homemade peanut butter acai bowl) was absolutely delicious. I have a feeling I'll be a regular and hope I can recruit as many of my friends as possible to go there. It has a nice atmosphere and felt really inviting. They even have offered me a gluten free option which though I'm not allergic to gluten was really happy about because a couple of my friends are. 

So glad this place is in my area of town and that I stopped in to check it out.
I've see Acai before but didn't know what it was. Thrive is more than a smoothie bar, the Acai bowls are tasty and better for you than ice cream! The CR500 weight loss program they offer works as well....so far I've lost 15 pounds in  21 days!  Thanks Marcy!
As an Orange County native, I had the luxury of eating acai bowls for breakfast, lunch, and dinner if I wanted; however, acai bowls are a rarer commodity in Arizona. Thus, I was so excited to learn that Thrive had just open a location in Tempe. The acai bowls are to die for...unless you prefer the taste of artificial flavors over real fruit. Don't order a small because you'll definitely want to eat more!!
After the demise of the Argentinian sandwich shop here, I wondered what business would take the place in this location.  I was naturally intrigued when I found out that there would be a smoothie and acai bowl place opening up in its stead. I think this is a great location for acai bowls, since Sprouts is just a few steps away, bringing in the more health-conscious crowd.  I went in with high hopes of getting a healthy, fruitful bowl.

There are quite a few bowls to choose from, some of them fruity, others more dessert-like, with peanut butter and chocolate.  I opted for a fruitier bowl, getting the tropical.  This was my first time trying an acai bowl, and it was quite tasty.  The bottom layer was a smooth, thick acai puree/sorbet-like mixture, which tasted berry-like.  There was crunchy, sweet granola layered in between the acai and the tropical fruit (Banana, mango, and pineapple), with large, thin shaved pieces of coconut completing the bowl. The granola itself was a high quality mixture, containing ingredients such as flax seed. The bowl was a nice mixture of textures and of tastes.  I ordered a small (About $5), and it definitely filled me up!

Service was very friendly, and they offer a points reward system which uses your e-mail to keep track of your purchases.  The interior is pretty bare-bones, and it seems like they kept much of the same color scheme as the previous owner.

Definitely a good place to go if you're looking for a healthier alternative to dessert, or if you want a lighter (Yet filling) meal for breakfast, lunch, or dinner!
OMG!! I cannot express into words nor articulate the immense amount of PURE JOY I felt running through my veins when I saw there was an acai bowl place right next to my beloved sprouts I frequently more often than I am proud to admit :). I just about flew inside to place my order. I was greeted right away, MAJOR POINTS and feasted my eyes upon the menu-  only wish they had take out menus available so I cold take advantage of their option to call ahead and  place an order. You can tell by the inside decor that they are just starting up and have yet to complete their overall design vision, but they have a cute comfy couch and a few supplements on the shelf, but needless to say, they offer superb service and a great product, so who really cares if the walls are cream white or sunshine yellow??
Best acai bowl in Arizona! Jamba Juice acai toppers don't count...I think they blend grapes into theirs which really thins them out. Thrive makes them perfectly and uses fresh, ripe fruit. I would come here everyday but my wallet would protest. It is a bit of a splurge for a broke college student but definitely worth it. Friendly staff and great acai bowls!
My husband and I went in for a sample and were blown away with how delicious, fresh and healthy these bowls are. We are heading there tonight for a first time, full helping of a bowl. I love the fact that they use pea protein and whole ingredients. They also offer gluten free granola as a topping and all their bowls are naturally dairy free. This will definitely be my frozen-yogurt replacement!
THRIVE...IN TEMPE?! As in, we don't have to make a weekly voyage to Gilbert for a bowl of all things pure and wonderful? I'll eat to that. Their expanded menu, simplified bowl sizes, and convenient location are all improvements from the original location, which was already worthy of copious amounts of praise.

If you don't know what an acai bowl is, use the appeal of the mystery to transport yourself there. If you do know, be warned: Thrive beats the Brazilian version, the SoCal version, and everything in between when it comes to mastering the acai bowl. Addiction is definitely in your future.

With flavors like blackberry walnut, chocolate coconut, and every super-food add-in under the sun, it's no wonder this college-town newcomer is already a total hit amongst hippies, hipsters, and sorostitutes alike. With enough support, perhaps my ultimate dream of Thrive running every crappy FroYo place into the ground might just come true.
A co-worker of mine sent me a link to this restaurants website, and since she knows that I am trying to eat more "healthy", recommended this place as a healthy alternative for lunch.  So after about a week and half of hemming and hawing, I finally decided to give the place a try.

I ordered a regular raspberry, pecan bowl, with pea protein, whey protein, and extra granola . . . won't lie . . . thought it was kinda pricey for what I ordered . . . over $10.00.
Since the place is extremely small . . . three tables and a two seat bar counter inside, and two table outside . . . and with no place to sit, I got my order to go.

30 MINUTES LATER . . . My order finally was ready . . . definitely needs more than two people working and more seating if this place is going to be successful . . . even the UPS man who was delivering a package left after 10 minutes of not even being acknowledged.

Oh well . . . after a short trip back to the office, I sat down to enjoy my acia bowl . . . and I was pleasantly suprised . . . I was really, really good.  Very tasty, just the right balance of smoothness, crunchiness, and sweetness.

Will I be back . . . probably . . . but if all of the seating is taken, and / or there are people waiting in line to order . . . I will probably go somewhere else.
Good stuff and very refreshing
The first thing I thought when I heard about this place is finally a place near campus that is actually fresh and healthy.  Unfortunately the customer service is awful. It is a tiny awkward store front.  Not somewhere I would sit down with friends like you would at a yogurt shop.  There are literally 3 tables and not even a menu posted on the wall.  There were literally 3 people working and they took forever to fill an order of 2 items.  Its a great idea and the product is good but with bad service, lack of menu on the wall, and terribly slow service I dont think it will be around for long.
It's a smoothie, in a bowl, so more frozen, with nothing but GENUINELY healthy ingredients, but it doesn't taste "eww, healthy"  !!   Yes, it is somewhat more expensive than ice cream or a frozen yogurt, but it really is due to the quality of ingredients. NO fillers, no dairy, no sugar, no "fake" sweeteners... your body will truly thank you.   
And really, you have to get a BIIIGGG bowl with lots of extra stuff to get the price up over $10... It would be a serious M E A L ....
Just got back from Thrive.  I got the blackberry bowl.

It was really tart, which I guess I should have expected from blackberries.  And then there was the sorbet with granola and some fruit on top.  It tasted like...  sorbet with granola.

And that's fine.  I don't see why everyone is raving about Thrive, but the bowl I got was okay.  I wouldn't be averse to eating at Thrive again, but I won't go out of my way to do so.
I was here at 9 and according to Yelp and Google, they were "Open". According to the locked door and the stacked chairs they were not open. I guess I'll wait around a while...

Doors opened at 10 after and didn't get my bowl until 9:35 due to the one employee and line of 20 people. I think I'll pass on coming to this location. The Gilbert one has plenty of help and seems to open on time.
LOVE ME SOME ACAI! 

Thrive has got a great little store front with catchy slogans and what not. The menu is awesome and I definitely suggest the green bowl. 

I'm not sure how I feel about the set up with the kitchen in the back and all but I'll forgive them for taking so long on an acai bowl because it was really really good. 

I may try the gluten free granola next time because whatever they use regularly is quite light and crunchy. I also think they should potentially get vita-mix's or industrial type blenders rather than the little bullets I saw them using. I had a huge chunk of acai  on the bottom of my bowl & it just seems like blenders would be more useful honestly.
Finally got to try Thrive Acai (thank you Groupon!) on our way to the Sprouts next door. I got the Chocolate Coconut Bowl and the bf got the Chocolate Cherry. They were both great, though I liked mine a bit better since it had pea protein, which gave it a smooth yummy texture. The ladies at the counter were knowledgeable and helpful, even though we came in about 10 minutes before closing. 
Took off one star due to the bowl taking a little long to make, and the whole place smelling really strongly like the nail salon next door. They mentioned something about fixing the ventilation soon. I hope so, I plan to go back soon!
Delicious, filling, healthy. I will be back!
Acai bowls were delicious but the wait was a bit long!
I've never tried an Acai Bowl before. I found this place on yelp and decided to try it on a whim. The young lady at the counter was friendly and knowledgeable. I tried the Go Green bowl because she said that's one of her favorites. I'm glad I took her advice. It was delicious and affordable. Under $6 for a small (yet filling) bowl and a bottled water. The place has a nice laid back atmosphere with good music playing. I'm definitely coming back again.
Following our Rappel AZ experience we were looking for a snack after lunch... We were looking for a Jamba, and stumbled across thrive. Much Fresher, no sugar, and absolutely perfect fruit based dessert....  I would highly recommend frequenting here..
I'll be honest, I had absolutely no idea what an acai bowl was up until now. That being said, of course, I had to try Thrive! to find out what it was all about. For anyone else that was confused like me out there, it is basically a smoothie in a bowl. Think a yogurt parfait but with acai sorbet instead since they are dairy, soy, and sugar free. It was very good. I love the tart taste of acai and the fruit that they used was fresh. The staff was patient while I took my time trying to decide what I wanted to order. No line at all on a Monday around noon. I wouldn't go so far to say it is a meal but rather a delicious treat and healthier than other possible options.
Finally came to try this place and I am very happy with the Go Green bowl! I think the only green part of it is the spinach, but it was still delicious. 
4 stars because I was hoping for more of a yogurt style than a sorbet (which is mixed with cane sugar) but then vegans and lactose intolerants wouldn't be able to enjoy it also, so that's fair! Will definitely come back. 
Also, it's really not that expensive. I mean for 7 bucks I had my regular-sized bowl as a meal. Totally worth it!! 
The girls were all super awesome and explained everything to me since it was my first time in. :)
People that work in this place are super nice ordered the chocolate peanut butter protein shake and it was bomb will be back again if I'm in need if a healthy snack that is still delicious
Their mediums are huge! I couldn't even finish mine. 

Came here on a Saturday early evening, around 5. No one in line in front of us, but it still took a good 10-15 minutes to get our bowls. Not the end of the world, but slightly inconvenient. 

Once we received them, though... 

I got the Tropical and the mister, the Original. I think I might have liked mine better, but his was pretty tasty as well. Delicious granola. Super sweet, but only natural sugars. When we were waiting, we saw one of the girls leave with a bunch of reusable grocery bags, and come back from Sprouts about 20 minutes later with two bags completely full. Their fruit is definitely fresh. 

We'll be back, and order smalls next time.
The bowls are unique as well as the smoothies. They have a great variety. The staff is helpful and place is upbeat. The only thing I would leave out is the whey or pea protein. I don't know what kind they use but it gives everything a funky taste. Would recommend and would go again.
The peanut butter acai smoothie was scrumptious and not too sweet, which was perfect for me. However, I don't feel it was worth $7 (12-16 oz?) and the 15 minute wait. There were about 5 customers in the store and everyone seemed to be waiting. Maybe they were short staffed, so it's worth giving them another try and a revised review. Till next time...
This is the perfect stop for a yummy, guilt-free meal with soooo many varieties and choices, I want to try them all but I definitely have favorites.  The add-ons make it that much healthier and they do punch cards!  The people are super friendly and phone orders make ordering on the go so easy.
Be careful if you are trying to "be healthy" here. I can't imagine that caloric impact these bowls impart.  SO MUCH ADDED SUGAR. Natural sugar too... but even that much natural sugar can't be good.

Make your own shake or ask what is in each item, cause you will be downing 1/2 a days worth of calories in one gulp, if you aren't careful.
when you walk in the door the color scheme is a lot like jamba juice but they got half way there and stopped.  so it is left looking less like a healthfood/smoothie place and more like a commercial doctors office.  you have to ask what is in each smoothie as the ingredients are nowhere to be found.  I was hoping to see sugar and calorie counts.  a large smoothie seems half the size of jambas and cost a lot more.  there is a window where you can see the workers in back all having a good time and barely working on your order and I was told the owner was there!  the tropical smoothie I got was so so.  wont be back.
Acai bowls are my newest and truest addiction. Thrive knows how to whip up an amazing bowl! 
    The inside is pretty sparse with the big menus, several tables and a couple of couches and an area to buy powders on display. The colors are loud and fun, kind of like their ingredient combos! 
     The girl at the counter was really nice and the wide window looking in to the back where the kitchen is a cool touch. I ordered the chocolate peanut butter Acai bowl and my friend got their new Pitaya (dragonfruit) bowl. You can get a small, medium, or large bowl and considering how hungry we were we decided on mediums. These are generous helpings for $8! 
   Our bright bowls came out and mine was full of pb, Acai, chocolate pea protein powder, hemp protein, bananas and strawberries. This was rich, filling and oh so good. 
   My only "negative" is that they don't have much outdoor seating, when the weather was as beautiful as today everyone would want to sit outside and eat their treats! They have smoothies as well, they look thick and delicious as well, but they have stolen my heart when it comes to bowls!
Grouponed here, great dessert and good service.

You will find the decor and seating a little basic, and the prices a little high.

However, they use high-quality ingredients, healthy stuff, and serve huge portions so it's not really that pricey from that perspective.  Check out their menu online first, since they have a lot of options.
Acai is the new froyo?

I joined the line for a free acai bowl mostly because I never queue for free anything and thought my bucket list should include doing so just once.

The atmosphere is sort of the mullet of snack shops: Jamba Juice-like in the front and medical-office-like in the back. For a while in the line, I was worried that I'd accidentally queued for free botox or pedicures or weird treatments that involved cucumbers and mild electric currents.

The acai bowl, when finally achieved, was really good. It's sweet-tart in a refreshing way -- it does actually taste roughly the red-purple shade that it is -- as it's basically a fruit smoothie soft-serve. The five-ounce bowl comes with slices of banana, berries, and a sprinkling of granola that's useful for absorbing the last melted bits of soft-serve. In the relentless sun of suburban Tempe, it has the magic taste of feeling about five years younger, deeply wise and earnest (if not actually in touch with the spirit of yoga masters), and in need of flowing garments with fringes.

When not a free offering, these are ungodly expensive. They're probably also little calorie bombs on the same scale as froyo.

If I were at this shopping center again, I'd have another on my own dime because Tempe is, for me, a vast beige suburban wasteland of dehydration that I need Calories of Refreshing Happiness to endure, and these calories are extremely refreshing and happy. If it were where I change buses on the way home from work, though, it wouldn't be a habitual stop.
Organic, full of antioxidants, and just refreshing and delicious! Thrive has 15 different acai bowls to choose from and also has smoothies! Today I had the Go Green bowl and it was so tasty. I always feel so refreshed after eating here.
Yummy, healthy...love it!!!
I didn't think the acai bowls were that great..I came here twice and had the original and the green bowl. I mean they tasted good it was sweet and refreshing on a hot winter day in February, but I honestly could make the same thing myself but healthier with less added sugar, (and extra spinach/kale and flaxseed) and cheaper (a small came to $5 something). Which is exactly what I did lol. It's just a personal preference thing I guess, for smoothies I always prefer to make them myself cause I know what's going in and how much sugar I'm getting, whereas at Jamba Juice it's like getting sorbet. Same concept for these. Worker was very friendly though.
Had the extreme green smoothie and mango passion smoothie, soooooo delicious and nutritious!! Mmmmmm
This place is incredible! All of the acai bowls are amazing. My favorite is the "original" and I add in almond butter and extra granola. They offer a large variety of "add ins". My stomach was acting funny one week and I had them add probiotics and I felt great after! The service is great and they are always happy to answer any nutrition information. There is no dairy/yogurt or ice added to any blend, so I'm not sure how they do it but everything tastes so fresh and delicious! It is worth the money.
I love this place but it's just a bit too expensive for me to become a regular here. However, many people have contested that Acai berries are just expensive to begin with so I won't deduct any stars in my review.

Medium bowls are about $8, and large bowls are around $10. Large bowls are great for sharing between two people though.

It's always fresh and clean here, and the service is always great. I love that they have a window to the kitchen. I don't love that the place smells like a nail polish remover.
Thrive is amazing! The bowls are delicious and healthy! I would not recommend anyone to try the protein shakes, they are extremely chalky and not at all tasty. The employees were kind and accommodating. My sister got a shake and wanted more strawberries because she couldn't taste them. They agreed with enthusiasm and added more strawberries with out any extra charge!

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. Every bowl that I have tried has been delicious!
DELICIOUS! I love that they have gluten free granola! My fav is the cherry bowl. I wish they would get the previous to go covers for the bowls because all of the honey sticks to the lid /: But other then that the staff is great, bowls are yummy, and protein shakes a little chalky but good (:
The service is great. The selection of the bowls is great. The fact that they use organic fruits is great. 

My big problem is that they use a pea protein blend and unfortunately, I didn't catch this until they were already working on my bowl, the protein mix they use is loaded with sugar. This completely takes away from the healthiness of these bowls. I will not return to the place unless they change their ingredients to include ONLY natural sweeteners and I will not recommend it to anyone. Very disappointed in this product.
Loved my bowl! I stay away from Whey Protein so the fact they use Pea Protein is a huge bonus.

The only con I have is that it took around 25 minutes to get my bowl. Granted it was the rush hour, I believe the reason was lack of employees.

Will be back!
I've been to Thrive twice now, ordered a bowl the first time & a protein smoothie the other. The bowl was alright / pretty good. I liked the smoothie-like consistency & taste of the blend at the bottom of the bowl but didn't care much for the granola & fruit which is why I got the protein smoothie the next time. I wasn't a huge fan of the after taste. I like the concept of this place, however, so I'll probably go back. I'd like to try one the regular smoothies to see how that stacks up!
I love Thrive. It's always clean inside, the staff is always friendly, and the acai bowls are consistently amazing! It is pricey though,  which is the only downfall.
I have heard so many talk about how much they love acai bowls.  I don't have a sweet tooth so I was never so inclined to go try it.  My sister however has a sweet tooth and is on a health binge.  We decided to check this place out for a healthy snack and we were so satisfied and happy! The fruits are super fresh, granola is to die for, and the acai smoothie at the bottom was yummmmy! If you're looking to be really healthy the acai bowl is a good meal replacement.
So delicious and such a nice alternative to ice cream. Can eat it for a meal or have it as a healthy treat. My kids love it
Not impressed.  I feel like I just paid too much for frozen yogurt with fruit on top.  The bowl I had was a cherry walnut, and it was okay.  It definitely didn't blow my mind.  The fact that they have all of their vitamins and supplements in bottled powder or liquid form tells me their idea of nutrition is a little off base.  Also - I realize this isn't entirely their fault, but there is a nail salon next door and the odor of acetone coming through into their shop is - overwhelming!  I don't see how anyone eats in there, it was nauseating.  The smell of chemicals isn't really synonymous with the healthy image they're trying to create.  Also the atmosphere is a bit clinical... The shop is very sparse, so sound just echoes everywhere and it's just kind of awkward.  
All in all, I'd say this place is "eh" at best... If you're looking for something that is really healthy - go to Chop Shop or Green.
The newly opened ChopShop in the middle of Scottsdale is a fantastic new healthy spot to grab breakfast, lunch or dinner!! I visited today for lunch and loved everything!! 
 
Beverages they offer include a large list of seasonal lemonades and fresh squeezed fruit and veggie juices. I decided to try something new and ordered a fresh squeezed Cold Buster (oranges, carrots, and ginger)... it was great!! They also have a good sized menu consisting of salads and sandwiches and everything sound so good to try!!  I got the American salad with added shrimp, which was packed full of bacon, egg, corn chips (aka fritos), and so much shrimp for an extra $3, I basically got a shrimp salad!  The food is very reasonably priced with most items ranging in the $7- $10 range. 

The ChopShop decor has a country chic vibe and is a fun and lively place to grab a bite.  You can take your orders to-go, dine inside or out.  The staff was super nice and welcoming and I can't wait to try more items from this great new spot in Scottsdale!
omg this place is bomb.  fresh, flavorful food and shakes/juices, great prices, perfect location. I've been every day since they opened! highlights (so far)...pb&j greek yogurt parfait, open face breakfast sandwich, grinder, muscle malt. you. must. go. now.
Was anxiously awaiting the opening of Chop Shop with the concept of a healthy lunch under $10 - in Old Town Scottsdale. Sound too good to be true? Verdict: very close.

Expanding on the space from the previous place (Big B's Hangover), at first blush my impression of Chop Shop was cute, crowded, and friendly. The patio has been expanded, and was almost fully occupied around noonish. Inside, a small line awaited, where a super friendly order-taker manned the register. No ordinary order-taker however, he described the tri-tip to a customer, explaining he was a "meat man" with genuine enthusiasm and impressive menu knowledge. 

Greeted with a big smile, I ordered the trip tip sandwich, telling him it was based on his recommendation. He explained he was talking about the OTHER tri-tip selection (the protein dish), but my choice was equally excellent- with apple and horseradish sauce making it "tangy." Sold!

I ordered an iced tea, delivered right there at the counter, and given a number for table delivery. Grabbed a deuce by the window, and waited no more than 5 for my sandwich and salad to arrive.

Plated unceremoniously but "green-ly" on an open-faced cardboard carry out, I was slightly disappointed to see that the "whole wheat bread" was a like a pita, only in halves. Seeing the tri-tip was cut into cubes, I was sure my sammy was going to be dropping meat bombs like a Sam Kinison buffet. No worries - the bread held up for a very G-rated lunch experience. 

The side salad was straight chopped greens, but with a thin and sweet viniagrette. Punch this puppy up with some vinegar and seasoning and happy I will be.

As for the sandwich, the meat was tender, not overdone. The apples and splash horseradish were good complements, but again, some use some KICK. The feint of heart don't order horseradish! I ended up grabbing some Sriracha to add more flavor-boost. 

Overall, there is promise and I will be back to try more, soon. 

Some notes to management:

First suggestion: move the espresso machine with cups piled high on top (which hides the bottom half of the menu board), to the back wall, where the Ice Tea station is.  

#2 - Put the tea station on that white table below the chalk board for self-serve. Other than holding some vases, it serves no purpose (unless it's a bus station, which would be yucky out front). Guests expect refills with ice tea. Charge me another 50 cents, I can handle that. 

#3 If what I had was exemplary, take the food from good to exceptional with more seasoning. 

Good luck Chop Shop! Hope you're a Scottsdale staple soon.
$8 for lunch with fresh ingredients.  Had the pita and hummus and got some salad on the side.  Hit the spot and they have lots of drinks to try out.  Very convenient location and inside/outside seating.  I'll be back.
Stopped in this shop while in town on business. I had the beat smoothie for breakfast it was so good I came back for lunch. Service was fast even though there was a small line it moved really quickly. Ate my lunch on the cool patio hang out area. Good vibes all around. A must go.
We were glad to see a healthier restaurant open up in Old Town, since there aren't many around. 

This place was pretty good. The staff were friendly and full of energy, which is always great. I ordered the tri tip sandwich. The meat was cooked well and had good seasoning. The cheese on the sandwich was delicious and arugula was fresh. The "low carb" bread was just meh. I'm not quite sure if it's really low carb or if it's low carb because the slices were so thin! The side salad it came with was also nice. Decent portion, nice light dressing. Maybe some garnish on the salad would have been nice, extra veggies or something. 

Overall I'd give this place a 3.5 if I could but I will round up since I would go back. The breakfast menu looked solid so I will have to check that out one of these days.
I've been to Chop Shop a few times now, and while I appreciate a new, relatively inexpensive healthy place to grab a bite to eat, I'm just not super impressed. 

The first time I went I wasn't very hungry and was hoping for a yummy juice or smoothie. I do like how they offer cold pressed juices and am looking forward to trying one someday. I picked a fruity smoothie I believe called the Beach Burn. It was alright, but absolutely not worth $6.

On my next visit I popped in for a quick bite before work. They delivered my girl friend's sandwich significantly before mine even though I ordered first, which was annoying but not the end of the world. I had the chicken and prosciutto sandwich and my friend had the club. Both were good, just nothing to write home about in my opinion. 

I'll probably give Chop Shop one last try to find something I really like because as I mentioned it's not too pricey and within walking distance of my work.
I've been twice and had two types of the protein plates, shrimp and tri tip.... Both are prepared well and yummy!
I love this place, been there two days in a row, healthy easy meals to take to work with me. But, I asked for dressing on side for take out , ended up with soggy salad, stil tasted great, also first day asked for something to go and two meals to stay and sat for 20-25 mins.  waiting and when I went back in they had to find them ,all were to go. I know your busy and new, so I will keep coming, slow down a little. 
thank for bringing something healthy and taste great to downtown Scottsdale.
Visited this new spot very recently and I was less then impressed with their establishment and service as a whole.  The smoothies that they made were okay in taste but not worth the money they charged for it.  The service was relatively inconsistent as far as when the food, apps, drinks came out to my table.  

As far as specifics on food goes, they were pretty stingy when it came down to dressings and sauces and did not serve nearly enough with my meal.  Furthermore the actual plates (if you can call them that) that we were served in were of really poor quality which I did not like at all.  Lastly as a bigger guy I need larger portions and Chop Shop definitely does not have that. The portions were way too small and did not fill me or my friends up at all.  Not great by any means.
I stopped by chop shop one sunny afternoon, and after I finished ordering I inquired to the young girl behind the counter how things are going. She replied "Well, good. In fact, most people who came here on day one still come back almost every day". This, is good!

You know what else is good? Their menu is good. Delicious, and fresh, and healthy. I had the Kale Caeser and it was fantastic. The lemon-dijon dressing is definitely to die for. My only complaint was that there weren't enough tomatoes for me. I cannot wait to dig into the rest of the fare...and alas I have tried two of the fresh juices. The liver cleanse and the power green were to two I tried and they were fabulous. I love fresh juice, and the flavor combinations are powerful. The server almost gave my juice to the wrong person, but thankfully they write your name on the cup to avoid this confusion. Also, having written your name down the staff addresses you personally and it creates a more familiar feeling.

Go try Chop Shop! Your body will thank you.
Their food is light, healthy, and I appreciate all of the vegan food options.

The last few times I've been in it has taken 25+ minutes for my juice order. The first time I went during the lunch rush so I was ok with waiting. The other times I stopped by during non-peak hours and I still waited over 25 minutes each time.
Three cheers (or four stars) for Original ChopShop Co!

After several lunches brought into the office for me and now one actual visit where I dined in, I can proudly say that OCSC is a new favorite and will definitely be thrown into the regular rotation moving forward.  

I've had their chopped vegetable salad, grinder sandwich, kale caesar salad, and Arnold Palmer and I've enjoyed it all... It's so nice to have a place with so many healthy options nearby.  I also love the fast casual concept (where you order at the counter and they bring your food out to you when it's ready).  

Word to the wise: it gets crowded during the lunch hour, but it's worth the wait for sure... especially if you're craving something healthy and filling.  And while the line may appear long, it goes fast.  There is plenty of indoor and outdoor seating as well.  Nice to have options!

Employees are friendly and prices are reasonable.  Looking forward to future visits!
Great menu that makes me feel good about myself. Plenty of items to explore and reasons to keep me on the healthy straight and narrow.
I la la love this place. Their juices are delicious and if you don't see one you like, you can build your own! My favorite juice so far is the 'Liver Cleanse'. Super yummy. Their food is great too. I tried their Tofu Protein Plate and it was super fresh. The tofu was soft and the black rice as well as the mixed vegetables held lots of flavor. This meal has a teriyaki sauce flavor to it without the awful syrup like teriyaki sauce you get at most generic places. It was minimal and just enough! For those of you who dislike onions, make sure you ask to have those removed. 

Service is always great whether I'm getting something to-go or enjoying some air on the patio. Check it out.
I ordered a fresh pressed juice and I have never been so disappointed. I juice often and go to whole food for pressed juice often as well....this wasnt pressed juice. I'm hoping maybe the girl just didn't know what she was doing? Within two minutes it separated into layers with only about an inch of green at the top and the bottom I'm pretty sure was lemonade? I was so confused and definitely disappointed. Maybe next time I walk by I will peak inside and see if a different person is working and try again because I don't know what that was but it was not what pressed juice is supposed to be!
I wanted to love this place, and I really had high hopes as I've read lots of good reviews. I went in to get a juice and was very disappointed. They do make a good juice but for the price you pay and the amount of ice in my cup I left feeling a little ripped off. Especially since you are only getting a 16oz cup to start with I figured it would be mainly juice. I don't think ill be coming back here since Whole Foods offers a much better deal when it comes to fresh juices.
So convenient, around the corner from my lash business. The green juice is my all time favorite, so tart!   the chicken bowl is delicious, with forbidden rice
Great health place to eat and cost effective.  If your looking for a great salad or fresh juice from a juicer this is the place for you.
I am so excited that Original ChopShop has opened their doors! I love a good sandwich and I love healthy food. Luckily the Original ChopShop has both! This eatery is both coffee shop and cafe. It offers a delicious and efficient selection of food that you can either eat there or take with you. My two favorites (so far) are the turkey sandwich and kale cesar with chicken. Both are fresh, relatively nutritious and certainly fill me up. 

The atmosphere here is that of a earthy coffee shop and has both an outdoor and indoor seating area. You order the food at the counter and then take your seat. It still has a little feel of the old cheesesteak place, but much more trendy and healthy! 

This has quickly become my go-to spot for a quick and healthy lunch option and I will soon come back to try their breakfast, coffee and dinner!
Just found this little gem. I noticed the crowd and figured it had to be good, and it was. There aren't many tables, a few in and a few outside but lots of people grabbing a juice or 'to go'. The food is healthy and quick. They have put together some really interesting combinations. Salads, pressed juices,  sandwiches and some yummy protein/rice combos. My favorite so far, the tri-tip steak sandwich.They do breakfast too, but haven't sampled that yet.
Very good place to get a tasty sandwich that is out of the ordinary.  It's a healthy, tasty and reasonably priced eatery.  I tried the Moroccan Turkey sandwich, which had:
- sliced turkey
- grapes
- yogurt dressing
- diced cucumbers
- lettuce
- avocado
It was amazing!  All its goodness was enveloped in a large pita flatbread type.  It's fairly large, so I think it's shareable.  And, worth the $8 price tag.

I'd try this place again, if I'm in the Scottsdale, AZ area.
I've only been here once, recently, and I really enjoyed it! I like that they go for the fitness/health angle, offering protein shakes and coconut water. Right up my alley. But even better, is that it's affordable. A good-sized salad for $7, $9 with chicken? Oh snap! That's a great price. Fresh, warm chicken and just the right amount of dressing. I inhaled that thing in like 5 min. My boyfriend had a salad as well, but him being a 6'2" man, the salad didn't really fill him up. But whatever, it's all about us, right ladies? Haaay! Totally kidding, that's really bitchy. He ended up ordering a strawberry/banana protein shake that was very good to satisfy his manly tummy. Too bad it's a little far from my house, about 15-20 min. But if I'm in the area or have time, it's totally worth it. 

Only complaint is that I feel they should have nutritional facts about their items listed somewhere. It's a health-conscious restaurant, after all. That type of crowd tends to want to know that stuff. I know I did when I was there. Please open a downtown Phoenix location! :)
Great sandwiches and fresh juice drinks
I like this healthy new option in Old Town Scottsdale.  After spending sometime getting pampered I decided to get a late lunch.  I didn't want to get something to heavy.  I was glad to see this new place had great reviews.   My hubby decided to join me.  I ordered the Danish salad and the hubby had the Moroccan Turkey sandwich ( I had a quarter of it, it was huge).  The salad had pears, dates, blue cheese and greens and just enough dressing.  I was glad to see they don't drench the salads.  I dislike it when they overload them with dressing.  The sandwich was delicious and creamy too.  My hubby noticed the protein bowls and they looked very enticing.  Next time.
This is a nice location, with ample outdoor seating.  I especially enjoyed the water, which was prepared with cucumber and lime.

I ordered the Veggie and Hummus sandwich.  I asked for no tomatoes or feta, but avocado instead.  My food came to my table very quickly.  The tomatoes were missing as requested, but the feta was in a cup on the side of the plate, and the avocado had not been added.  No biggie.  My sandwich consisted of thin bread (almost pita-like), with a generous helping of hummus, some perfectly cooked mixed veggies, lettuce, and olive tapenade.  There was also a small lightly dressed side salad.  Everything was delicious!  I would definitely try this place again if I am in the area.
this place is the best!  wow,  terrific fresh ingredients.  i had sandwich that came with salad, cool.   patio is nice in the evening after traffic subsides.  A MUST go to place for very reasonable priced eats.   go now!  or eat at home :)
My Daughter and I went here last Tuesday night and were really impressed.  Great selections of juices..  She had a drink with kale, ginger, golden beets and carrot juice in it.  It was fantastic.  Great location, easy to find.  parking is a challenge but that's 5th avenue. They're opening another location in Tempe.  Salads and some baked goods. munchies and drinks.   Not some big corporate, plastic environment.  really nice.  nice to sit outside and enjoy the evening air as well as people watching. 
We didn't have any salads or sandwiches but they looked good.
On the way to becoming a regular here! I recommend the BBQ chicken salad. So good and somewhat healthy. The chicken prosciutto sandwich is a good choice too. I always get the liver cleanse (fresh juice) it's delicious! They have a few other options as far as fresh juice and smoothies go. The only thing I would not recommend so far is the beet salad. The beets are boring and overall the salad is bland.
As others have said, don't go if you are in a rush. Stopped in for a smoothie and it took upwards of 20 min despite not being busy at 515 on a Tuesday. Also, the smoothie was gross. I drank a quarter of it and threw it out. Partly this is my fault because I don't drink dairy milk and I forgot to ask for almond or soy, but my smoothie was supposed to have chocolate, milk, banana, whey protein, and peanut butter. I could not taste any peanut butter and it was really watery, nothing really too it. Just ewwwwwww. Also, for a place with great vegan options they should have a protein other then whey available. The smoothie tasted like plastic butt (yes i said plastic butt) and took forever, but giving 3 stars because I like the concept and menu in general, also late hours which are great. Will not return for a smoothie or when in even the slightest rush. Also I find no bathroom for customers? Weird. Also everyone working there except the nice guy at the register seemed to be very unhappy to be there. Will give it another try and hope the food is better then drinks and service is friendlier.
This is my favorite place to eat!

Super healthy super friendly staff!
One time the messed up my order and over compensated with free smoothies for my group.  However there is a blonde gal that works here and she definitely isn't the brightest bulb.  She messed up orders twice that I was there and continuously had a blank stare that not only were her brains missing but some childhood experience. All the other staff members are amazing though. Just avoid this blonde girl....

The food tastes amazing! And I really appreciate that they accommodate my food allergies!! And have a wide variety of healthy choices. I also love that they are open at late hours, allows people like me to keep a healthy diet even at night.

Couldn't ask for a better hang out spot.
I love love this place!! I usually go 3-4 times a week. Yes, that's how much I love it! The Beach Burn smoothie is so good. The open-faced sandwich...seriously the best breakfast!
I had brunch at Original Chop Shop last weekend and was pleasantly surprised! 

I know that it is relatively new but it felt like a great neighborhood spot that was well-settled.

Their outdoor patio right on the corner of Scottsdale Rd and 5th is easy to spot, and I didn't have any trouble finding parking nearby at 12:00 on Saturday. The tables feature little hooks for your handbag, which is a thoughtful feature, especially outdoors where you may not want to set your stuff on the dusty ground. 

The restaurant seems to be pup friendly, as I saw a few dogs seated outside with their owners and a tiny one in his owner's arms while they waited in line to order. 

I tried their Kidney cleanse juice while waiting in line which was pretty sweet and ... GREEN. It was good, although I'm not a juicer, so I didn't finish it. 

For lunch, I tried the Chicken protein plate. It was hearty, the flavors were good but not totally overwhelming. It comes with chicken, roasted veggies, and forbidden rice tossed with a peanut thai coconut sauce. I had hoped for some spice from the sauce, but to no avail - it was very mild. My favorite part was the forbidden rice - good texture and yummy with the sauce. The combination of elements was satisfying and it was a good portion size, particularly for the price (under $10) 

My friend had the BBQ Chicken chopped salad, which looked really tasty. She enjoyed it but said it was a bit over-dressed, so she wished she had ordered the dressing on the side. Again, a generous portion size that she didn't finish. 

It is a counter service restaurant, and the one place that could use a little improvement is service - it wasn't bad, just wasn't particularly warm/welcoming. Adding great, memorable service to their excellent location and solid food would make this a regular stop for me. 

I do recommend it if you're looking for a healthyish option for lunch in Old Town.
My favorite place to have breakfast when I am in AZ. All the menu items are organic and fresh. When I came in, I saw a big carton of apples, carrots and celery ready to be brought into the kitchen. I had the breakfast wrap with an iced cappuccino. My friend had one of the breakfast bowls with brown rice. Skip the long lines at Breakfast Club and walk down the road to ChopShop. You will get more appropriately sized portions at half the price of the hyped up breakfast spots. The Chop Shop does lunch sandwiches where the bread are these pocket rolls and the inside is stuffed with all the sandwich fixin's. Chop Shop is an excellent choice for breakfast or lunch.
LOVE it. They need to start doing delivery though.
Healthy, cost effective, good pressed juices, and great tasting. Portions small.

Everything about this place is 5 star except for the portions. I would like the lunch portions to be a bit bigger and an option to order a larger juice. I tried ordering my juice without ice one time because they fill up the entire cup full of ice, but they just gave me less juice. It does take a while for the juices to be made as well, which always seems weird for a simple process. It seems like they're trying to manage their costs with the portions and the staff doesn't seem too motivated to get orders out quickly. They don't seem to be too concerned with customer satisfaction.

The food and juices are excellent. Very healthy, organic, and local. Very simple menu, but great options to choose from. Breakfast and lunch are both excellent, and the cold pressed juices are good for both or a good snack.

I have become a regular at this place because it's the perfect mix between healthy, taste, local, and variety.
Very light and healthy options here from mixed greens salads and kale cleanse smoothies to tuna salad sandwiches (more salad than tuna, but tasty).  I think it makes for a good quick and healthy lunch, not really a place to visit for dinner. I noticed a LOT of people picking up orders to go.
The food is great BUT the staff is so unwelcoming and un-trained in customer service. I refuse to return until they take some time to train and remove the bad apples. I am sorry to any staff member I have not had the pleasure of ordering with but all of your other co-workers have ruined it for me.
This is a hard review for me to write. I absolutely love their juice combinations. Kale Liver Cleanse, the Orange Ginger-- amazing.

But the service is sub par. I went twice in one day (addicted) and the same girl behind the counter was super rude to my friend and I both times, and they had us wait so an employee could take a call. 

Also- I know this place has a ton of fans, a lot of people I know, but I haven't found a dish that I like. I tried a salad and it was drowning in dressing, and the scrambled eggs were crusty. The second time I tried to eat there I had the steak sandwich, I ordered it without certain ingredients that came on it anyway, and the entire sandwich was lettuce. 

It may just not be my style for food, but for someone who loves to eat, it has been repeatedly disappointing.
Good Food...Terrible Service.  I wish I had something witty to say.  However, I have been here several times and only once did I get food in a timely fashion.  I have waited in line for a smoothie/shake/drink long enough that people who ordered after me got their food and ate it.  Today I called and got their answering machine not once but 3 times after 9 am.  I believe they open at 7.  I then called back and was put on hold for more than 5 minutes.  I have never waited that long on the phone before unless it was for a mortgage or the IRS....still waiting on my liver cleanse....
My girlfriend heard of this place so we gave it a shot.  Lots of fresh ingredients and everything we had tasted very good.  I give the place 3 stars, but gave an extra bump for being dog friendly and giving out dog biscuits.  

The only part that could use improving would be to put something in the side salad outside of lettuce and dressing.  Mix in some other veggies for variety.  We've been 2 or 3 times and the sandwich I've had has always been good.  She has enjoyed the salads each time as well.  

We didn't have any of the blended drinks but that seems to be a very popular item.  If that is your thing, definitely give them a try here.  Service is always very good and the outdoor seating is great for the pups and the people watching.  Should be tried by anyone looking for a salad/sandwich cruising around old town.
This is the best spot to get a healthy quick meal for a low cost in old town scottsdale and my new "go to" place.
Dropped in last night by chance, just walking by. I was thirsty - ordered an unsweetened iced (green) tea. Girl behind the counter was super-friendly and even refilled my already venti-sized cup gratis when I went to leave. Great coffee shop ambiance, location, service, prices...they've got it all going on!
Good quality, healthy, simple food.  It feeds you.  Can be quite crowded at lunch.
Will never go back to ChopShop again.......Found a Rubber Band in my Sandwich! Obviously their cooking environment is not up to par.
I've only been here once while visiting Scottsdale, but based on my one visit, I can't help but give it a full five stars! I had the most delicious kale Caesar salad, to which I added some warm, flavorful grilled shrimp. I loved that they had lemonades and iced teas of the day... a perfect refreshing kick to a hot Arizona day! I wish I had room for one of their fresh pressed juices, as I'd love to see how they compare with the many varieties I have to choose from back home in LA. Best of all, the prices are really reasonable ($5-6 for juices that would cost $8-9 easily at some of the more high end spots in LA), and the salad came in at about $10 with the shrimp addition. 

The place was crowded at lunchtime, but we were still able to find a table for two pretty easily, and the line moved very quickly thanks to efficient and friendly service behind the counter. I can count myself as a huge fan of this place, and hope it makes its way to California!
4 stars for food
2 stars for service

I'm sorry but the counter service was lacking, not that it was really his fault, he just seemed to be overwhelmed. Maybe have two people taking orders, so they don't seem so flustered an rushed? Or just train your staff a little bit better.

Here was the issue, I didn't want dairy (wasn't in the mood to pop any lactaids). Most places nowadays are extremely accommodating due to the rising rate of allergies and non-dairy diets. When I went to order the kale salad I asked if there was dairy in the dressing, the person taking my order looked at me like it was a very odd question, and then proceeded to turn around ask the kitchen if it was. The kitchen staff ignored him, and then he had to wait a while longer to ask again to find out, adding more frustration to his job as he already seemed flustered due to expanding line. It turns out there was dairy in the dressing, so I ordered a different dressing and then asked for the cheese to be removed too. The ordering process was very long and drawn out, I'm pretty sure a lot of people ask for omissions, but this seemed to really perplex the order taker.

So after a long wait my salad arrives with cheese all over it. Ugh, didn't I just spend several minutes discussing this with the person who took my order? The food runner proceeds to then show me the ticket saying that it didn't say that no cheese was requested. So either the order taker didn't put it on the order, or it didn't go through. Either way I felt that the blame was then shifted on me to show that I didn't order no cheese. I explained to the food runner that I can't eat dairy, so he took my salad back and several minutes later I received a new one that was right. 

Once I got the salad, it was pretty good, but not worth the awkwardness of ordering it. I guess I'm just so used to people being in the know about dietary issues since they're so common these days, that when I encountered someone that was so perplexed by it, it just seemed weird. 

I'll probably visit again because the food was good and I like healthy options, hopefully this was fluke situation. Maybe I'll just pick something different where I don't have to customize anything next time.
Excellent food!  I had a tuna salad sandwich with an unsweetened mint white tea.  It was excellent!  The location is great--right in Old Town on Scottsdale road and the little place is very cute.
Six star taste, three star everything else, four star review. 

Everything tastes awesome here, but the trip tip sandwich is just ridiculously good. You have to pay for the quality though and everything comes with a higher price and smaller portions.

Wait times are also the cost of quality, you will wait a while your order, but it is a laid back atmosphere the kind of place you would like to spend some time.
this place is ALWAYS packed and it takes forever. but the food and juices are amazing. worth the wait if you can make the time.
This place is a great lunch place...if you get there before noon and after 1:30. It is extremely popular and always jam packed with people. The food, and the juice is really good. Not a fan on the bread on the sandwiches. Also the gluten free tortilla, I don't think it was entirely gluten free. I wish they would put up the calories in each of their meals.
I really want to like this place but can't justify going anymore b/c I always leave hungry. In fact, every male I know that has been there says the same thing. The food is very good but portions are way too small. I always get double meat but still leave hungry after spending about $15. I understand the "we serve smaller portions to fight obesity" or whatever. I'm not obese, in fact I'm 510 160#. I exercise a lot and require a lot of fuel. Your portions, even when getting double, just don't cut it. Sorry Chop Shop.
As I write this, my saliva is cultivating in every crevice of my mouth. Goodness this stuff is crack in a bowl. 

Not literally, of course. But it is in a bowl. And it makes me want to sell my clothes to be able to afford it. 

I've purchased the following:

-Grilled Shrimp with Wild Rice
-American Salad (I believe it's called) with red wine vinaigrette instead of thousand island
-Club Sandwich (it came with a side of mixed greens and that same vinaigrette)

Each one of them have blown my mind, but that salad was by far one of the best things I've ever had. The shrimp was perfectly juicy. 

The only complaint I have is that my Perrier was warm and there was no bottle opener for me to open it with. I had to wait for the guy to become free again to get it open. But I don't care because the food is just that outrageously delicious.
I have eaten hear multiple times and have loved everything I ordered! Their Forbiden Rice is the best! Fast service and great food!
A great, healthy, and fun place to chow down. For those who are dedicated to healthy living the chopshop has a variety of options. Salads are off the hook!!! Staff is friendly and have willingness to please. The establishment is small but it only adds to the mystic of the experience.
I work down the street and eat here a few times a week. My favorites are the kale cleanse drink, the cheat day wrap for breakfast, and the chicken and kale sandwich for lunch. I also drink a lot of coffee! I usually have a great experience here with food and service. I recommend this place to a lot of my friends. Definitely a must try.
I would give 5 stars for their awesome food, but the service is SO slow !! I'm being generous with 2 stars. Great fantastic food but be prepared to wait a very very very long time :(
The salad I got was very good. It has mixed greens, great dressing, and was a great size for the price. I also bought a juice, which was great!! I would highly recommend this place for a quick breakfast or lunch stop.
Good food & concept. When I was there it was 1 person taking orders and caused a longer than expected line to place order & pay.
I thinking I'm going to pick up dinner from the Chop Shop tonight. I stopped in for lunch last week and ordered a bbq chicken salad , who knew a salad could be this fun and delicious . It had the best ratios of every ingredient and my most favorite bite was with little crunchy corn bits (almost like corn cuts) . I highly recommend checking the chop shop out if you're looking for something new to try.
Not only does this place have an excellent location in Old Town Scottsdale, but the food is amazing. The Danish Salad and prosciutto sandwich are two menu items I live for. Even the side salad with the sandwich they supply you is amazing. Plus, they make these excellent smoothies and shakes that you could sub as a meal, and they taste like heaven. (which they juice there right in front of you!)

The staff was very friendly every time that I have been in the establishment. Some even remember my order after just two times going in. I was very impressed by a counter-type place having such good service.

Chop Shop is doing it right.
I love this place! This is exactly the kind of spot that Old Town needed. It is well known in my office that I love this place as I'm always picking up breakfast and lunch there and suggesting it to everyone! My favorite thing to get for lunch is the American salad with Shrimp (I get it without corn chips and cheese) and then I sub the thousand island for red wine vinaigrette. YUM. It's a pretty big salad, and the shrimp are so so good. I also love their Jasmine Strawberry iced tea. Actually pretty much everything I've tried there has been great. For breakfast I like to get the Balanced Bowl with chicken and then sub rice for more veggies. I tried the cheat day wrap one weekend based on the recommendation from one of the people who works there and that was bomb too. Kale cleanse is good, so is the Jacked up PB& J. It literally tastes like PB&J ice cream d-lish. I like sitting outside here and it's great that they now have a separate line for phone orders/take out orders because the line gets CRAY. If you go in there around noon plan on being in line for a good 20 mins (aka I would call ahead if you're on a time crunch). I get it though, it's delicious.
Stubbled across this place while walking around Scottsdale and was not disappointed. I got the Moroccan Turkey sandwich and was satisfied with my meal. The yogurt sauce and the grapes added a nice sweetness to the turkey sandwich. 
Atmosphere in this place is nice. A lot of students and young people lunching.
LOVE the food, the shakes, the smoothies! The staff are friendly, the ingredients fresh, and the wifi strong. Ah - and the coffee is well-made and tasty. Fresh organic fruit and vegetables, lots of healthy salad and sandwich and breakfast choices. My new PHX favorite! Also check out their new shop on University in Tempe.
Definitely worth bookmarking. Im so glad I decided to finally go in. I got the Zen bowl, best breakfast ive had at any restaurant hands down. I will forever be returning. The service was great as well, they had everything nice and clean. Also, the guy was very friendly at the counter and recommended some pretty good options. The atmosphere was really chill and laid back as well. Great place for a quick breakfast/lunch or a meeting spot for friends.
VEGANS AND HEALTH FOOD PEOPLE BEWARE!

I have a fair amount of legitimate food allergies so of course I get to be the wonderfully annoying soul who gets to ask the kitchen what is in everything. So much to my surprise, I learned that every single one of their salad dressings has sugar in it, why? I'm not too sure, but according to their cooks that's the case. Even the quinoa, is cooked with chicken broth, and the lemon sauce that is pre-mixed into it has dairy in it. SO EVEN quinoa, which should be a no brainer on the vegan front, is in fact not vegan. The salads, which should be the healthiest option, are laden in sugary dressings. It'd be nice if they really sat down with someone who knows their business on the health food and vegan fronts and stopped making asinine decisions like putting chicken broth on vegetables, and making all salad dressings with sugar.

Also, if you are going to put on a front of being a health conscious restaurant, your employees should be prepared to get a lot of questions about ingredients from the truly health conscious.
On a random Tuesday night while here with a friend, I observed the most beautiful men coming and going from this place!  That alone was enough to make me want to stay awhile, but this is actually a very cool little place!  Modern aesthetic, friendly Staff, and great food, but I have to say that I am especially excited by the JUICE!  This is now the third JUICE place in Old Town, and I am ECSTATIC!  FINALLY!  The only thing more exciting to me is that they use recycled materials, and sell soda/water that benefits others when purchased.  I LOVE a company that cares about its footprint and the welfare of its people!  This is fast becoming my favorite little spot!
Wow, this place is good!  In the less than 2 years that I've lived in Old Town, this spot has housed 3 different restaurants.  Looks like they finally got it right!  You would think that in a town where everyone strives to be so aesthetically pleasing, that there would be more convenient healthy restaurants, but, alas, there are not.  Subway just doesn't do it for me, so I was so excited when I discovered this place.  I always get carry-out, so I can't speak too much to the service, but the cashiers have always been friendly, my orders have always been correct, and they have always been ready on time.  My favorite thing is the chicken protein bowl with the forbidden rice--delicious!  It has wonderful Thai flavors and is very filling.  I also love their raw vegetable salad.  Everything in it is very fresh, and there is a good ratio of lettuce to veggies.  I add chicken.  The dressings definitely taste too good to be healthy, so I usually use a little of their dressing and a little of mine at home that I know is lower fat/calories.  But sometimes I just don't worry about it because that raspberry vinaigrette is gooooooood!  I've also had a couple of the sandwiches and the sweet potato hash, both of which were quite tasty.  I will definitely keep going back!
I wasn't entirely impressed with ChopShop. I mean, it's very "green" and healthy but I've had better. I got a salad that was quite bland, and the Power Green juice (which was extremely sour -- my guess is they added too much lemon to it). Maybe it was just 'cause everyone hyped it up so much that I wasn't that impressed... 

I will definitely give it another shot though, because I like the concept and eating healthy. Maybe my tastebuds didn't like the choices I made that day? Who knows... Nevertheless, I will be back :)
I am not sure what a ChopShop is, but I was picturing pork chops or other kinds of meat chops. I soon learned I was way off base. Its all health foods and very good ones. I like their green smoothies and kale salad. Prices might be slightly higher then they should be for what you get, but lots of people are always happy with what they get for the money and so was I.
Love it!!  Such great food!  Unfortunately, they do not honor discounts from Yelp anymore for some reason, so don't go in expecting to be able to use your percentage off you earned by checking in!  Otherwise, love the food and lemonade!
I am slightly OBSESSED with ChopShop! After moving back to Arizona from Texas I was sad to leave my favorite health food haunts behind, but ChopShop cheered my right up! The Green Glory is my favorite: think sweet green, spicy ginger and subtle kiwi. To die for. I love to pick up a couple sides of quinoa..it is the perfect portion for a quick go to in between meals. So happy I found this place!
I cannot believe I've been living in Phoenix a year and just now discovered this place!  I have been looking all over for a place like this!  This past weekend I hiked Camelback thanks to the energy I acquired from the wonderful acai bowl and cappuccino I enjoyed at Chop Shop!  This is healthy living at its best and most delicious!  I can't wait to come back and try more of their menu, it all looks fabulous.
Had one of my favorite breakfasts ever here while in Scottsdale last week!!!

Very filling bowl of steak, eggs, and veggies... Since switching to the Paleo diet, eating out often leaves me unsatisfied but I could barely finish this breakfast and the taste was a 10 out 10!!!

I strongly recommend for the healthy, on-the-go crowd.
Looking for something quick, healthy and fresh in the heart of Old Town? Then this is your spot. Upon entering the ChopShop on any particular evening, you'll find quite a few people still in their workout or yoga clothes. The atmosphere is pretty hip, but not stuffy at all.

The menu includes quite a few health conscious items including salads, protein shakes and acai bowls. OK, the last one is really a dessert disguised as a health food item, but I digress. The breakfast items look appealing, however I have not yet had the opportunity to try them.

Orders are placed at the front counter and the food is then brought to your table. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I ordered the American salad with steak, but also had the chance to try the Kale Caesar salad with shrimp. On a previous visit, I had the BBQ Chicken salad. Each of which was done to near perfection. One of the largest issues with salads that come pre-dressed is when they come with too much or too little dressing. These fortunately were coated perfectly. The vegetables were fresh and crunchy and the flavors complemented each other perfectly.

The prices were very reasonable and the amount of food was to my liking. I highly recommend the ChopShop for a visit, whether coming back from a workout or just plain hungry!

[This review is based on my visit on August 14, 2013]
Best pressed juice I've ever enjoyed.
The food is 4 stars, but I have been experiencing the worst gas I ever had, from the sauce they served on the protein bowl with chicken. To graphic, too bad? I need to stay away from the Thai coconut sauce and next time I will get this dish sans sauce because the black rice and chicken and veggies are all great and the portion is huge. This is just my issue, probably the garlic. Anyway, the dust has finally cleared six hours later. It will be much more enjoyable next time.
Oh my god this place is awesome.   Love the bbq chicken wrap.  Service is excellent and good is always right on.
This is a great new addition to downtown Scottsdale! There aren't a lot of healthy options to choose from around downtown. They have great sandwiches, wraps, salads and healthy drinks. Expect to spend a little time waiting as everything is made fresh and more than likely there may be a line of 10 people or more so plan accordingly or call in your order.

I'd highly recommend.
This place is fantastic.  I've tried the shrimp skewers with forbidden rice and the beet salad and been very satisfied both times.  The wife is a very picky, difficult vegetarian and she loves this place.  High praise!
The food and service are fantastic!  I had the chicken and prosciutto wrap and a lemonade.  I loved the combination of ingredients in the wrap especially the slight hint of mustard and fig.  Of course lemonade tastes great when it's 105 degrees!  Unfortunately, I had to sit at a table outside because the inside dining area was full.  One star deduction for that issue but otherwise I loved my lunch experience at the Chop Shop.
Great food with great vegan/vegetarian options . The staff could work on customer service as well as efficiency.  I literally dock a full star because their front door was getting stuck on the cement outside creating this awful nails on a chalkboard sound. No one seemed to want solve the problem. When my boyfriend attempted to prop the door so it wouldn't make that sound, the worker shut it again creating a anxious and very interrupted dining experience.
Update to my earlier review: CS must be reading yelp b/c they r now serving up generous portions! Thank you Chop Shop- this place is awesome!
I am obsessed with the power green, the protein plate with chicken, prices are right and food is fresh.  Love it, I send my clients her daily.

Esthetics by Faith
I love the food but I wish they kept it just a little cleaner. In fairness, it is always so busy in there it is probably hard to keep up with but clean the tables off  a little more often and I would give it 5 stars
Amazing food and juices but super sloooow service- especially in the morning.  Almost had to leave my juice there because I brought my dog and she couldn't stay outside in the heat for so long. It'd be great if they had just one or two more people working instead of one girl trying to handle the Sunday morning brunchers. The liver and kale cleanses are my favorite juices!
My second experience at ChopShop was much better than my first, so I'm adding an extra star. My husband and I came in for dinner and we both ordered the protein bowls. I had the chicken bowl with brown rice and my husband ordered the tri tip bowl. The counter service was very efficient, helpful, and knowledgeable this time around and our food came out pretty quickly. Both of our meals were quite good, and good for you too. I highly recommend the chicken bowl with peanut sauce, it was quite flavorful and the portion size was generous for the price.
I have had consistenly great meals here. It is pretty quick, although the front counter area is a bit of a cluster when the place is crowded. The food is veggie heavy, healthy but still interesting. It is not cheap, but reasonably priced considering the freshness of the ingredients. Love the tri-tip protein plate (which has an amazing teriyaki like sauce and is filling but not heavy), the raw vegetable salad (which I get with chicken), Asian salad (which I get with steak) and the zen bowl for breakfast (interesting, scrambled eggs and brown rice - who would of thought??). I wish they had better baked goods. My friend ordered a scone and it could not have been drier if it were made of sawdust. On the whole, however, salads and rice bowls are great. Juice blends are good and made fresh right in front of you.
After seeing all my friends talk about this restaurant and numerous Instagram pics I decided to give it a try a few weeks ago. I've been back twice now with friends and my parents and there is definitely a reason behind it's success. Simple dishes, good quality and great tasting food. I have ordered the protein plate, love the thai coconut sauce and have tasted the Asian chop salad and Grilled tri-tip. Only complaints I could make is that my friend who had the sandwich found that early on in her meal the bread is rather thin and tends to soak up the oils and juices (more so than in a regular sandwich). Changing the bread to something sturdier would be a good solution. And it's not often that I say this but it would be great if the Old Town location was a bit bigger. Not a lot of seating room and they could easily expand I think. Great decor however and as the weather cools down the patio is still a good option when it gets busy. Definitely recommend going there.
Healthy & well priced!  Now I'm obsessed with this place and the protein plates. 

I recommend a fresh pressed juice and any protein plate. My kids (7 & 8) dig right into the tofu protein plate with forbidden rice. Nice to find a place I can really feel good about for the whole family. 

Parking is hard but takeout is a good choice for healthy on the go.  They also have a good selection of healthy and local snacks to go.
I have been here a handful of times now and have always enjoyed the food and love the kale cleanse. But I have to say the service is lacking. On two different occasions the cashier has been less than friendly or helpful - and it wasn't even the same person! I say step it up with the attitude and you'll get 5 stars instead of 4.
I really really love this place. The food is absolutely delicious. I am a huge fan of their steak pita, veggie salad, and kale Caesar salad. 

The vibe is relaxing and chill, their decor is organic and unique.

My ONLY complaint, is every time I eat here I spend 10+ on a meal and I am NEVER completely full. I could probably eat two of their pita sandwiches and two of their salads. I wish their portions were bigger for how much you pay.

I literally had to stop eating there so much because I was spending way to much money. If money isn't a worry for you though, everything about this place is amazing.
This review is solely for the employee whose name tag read "syd the kid". On Friday she wore a purple headband. 

She is by far the worst restaurant employee that I ever came across. My supervisor (my supervisor is well known aka a public figure I won't mention who she is) and I came in for a mid-morning break. We both ordered smoothies and we both had horrible experiences.

Syd the kid coughed into my cup while she was writing my name on the cup. I demanded a new cup and she was like "why do you want another cup" and I said cause you coughed into it. She rolled her eyes and got another cup.

At this time a few customers recognized my supervisor and was asking to take photos with her which held up the line. Finally supervisor ordered her drink. As the others who were starstrucked to see my supervisor went away someone behind the counter asked Syd the kid if she knew who that woman was. Syd the kid said "who knows. Probably a stripper". wrong Syd!  Why don't you read the news a bit more often before making a complete fool of yourself. Even sadder that she knew her name (for the cup) and she has a very unique name that even if you couldn't recognize her by face at least do so by name! Supervisor heard and had this look of disgust on her face. Great impression of old town she must have had!

We both had the pia-kale-Ada which was okay. Didn't taste organic.
I'm a new fan of Chop Shop. I loved the fresh-pressed juice, and the protein plates are delicious and filling. I had the "slim" juice, and a Tofu Teriyaki plate. The tofu was a little bit soft and flavorless for my liking, but I ordered some extra soy ginger sauce  which made it more palatable. The forbidden rice and vegetables were very good. It's the kind of meal that leaves you feeling light & satisfied. My husband's chicken peanut bowl looked even yummier than mine did. I would definitely come here again for lunch and try some more items off of their menu. The only downsides- parking nearby is somewhat hard to find, and good luck coming here on a weekend morning, the lines are out the door!
While their menu can sound a little ya-ya like, their food is definitely worth trying. Highly recommend the chicken protein plate.
The tri-tip protein place is amazing... so amazing it's hard for me to put into words how much I love it.... And that's only one dish being served at ChopShop....  

I've eaten here many times and always walk away happy and satisfied feeling that I got great value for a high quality meal.

If you're in the area and are looking for a great place to have lunch or dinner you should definitely consider the Original ChopShop.
This place is awesome for a healthy and delicious lunch! Prices are reasonable for how good and fresh the food is, and I find the portions to be spot on.

The  Danish salad is out of this world yummy! I don't really like the dressing but that's really easy to get on the side. The dates, currants, apple, blue cheese, almond combo is killer and delicious. The salads are definitely good-sized, but I like to get a carb-based side to go with it to make it truly filling. The $1.50 Quinoa side hits the spot.

Highly recommend having lunch here! Parking on the street can be impossible during the work week, but there is a large parking garage just a block away.
Loved this place! 

The place is quaint with a little country rustic chic feel to it. It was busy but for Saturday around noon, nothing out of the ordinary. 

They have a great menu of healthy food and beverages including fresh juices which is fabulous! 

Whenever I go into trendy health conscious restaurants, I kind of expect paying a little more for smaller portions of food. But this place exceeded my expectations with more than sufficient servings for a reasonable price. I got a shrimp protein bowl which was grilled shrimp (a good 10 or so pieces!), forbidden rice, and roasted broccoli, cauliflower, carrot, and mushroom with a red chili lime sauce. Amazing! For $10 well worth it and had leftovers for a snack and dinner!  My fiance thoroughly enjoyed his tri tip sandwich saying it was one of the best he's had in a while! Love the flexibility for substitutions (gf bread, quinoa, brown rice, etc) 

Can't wait to go back to roll through the menu!
Love when I order the raw veggie salad and it says it comes with avocado yet they never put the avocado in there..... standard. Basically the entire salad consists of lettucs and very few other veggies scattered throughout. Why would I pay $7 for a bowl of lettuce. This place needs to really step it up- their service is pretty awful. If you have 15 people in line.. shouldn't you have 2 registers open with people taking orders? Ridiculous. They get my order wrong more often than not. I don't know why I keep giving 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th, chances. Hoping for a change.. not going to see one anytime soon probably.
Bowls are good and filling.  2nd time here I got a salad and it was great. Prices are good for the high quality and freshness.    Close to home and will return again soon
This place was a Godsend while we moved into our new home. With no way to prepare meals due to a kitchen project under way, we were in fairly constant need of a quick, light option for take out. Success at the ChopShop! It was such a relief to have something this close to home with healthy options and quick service.

The menu is versitile and allows for easy customizations. I've always ordered the salads, but I have yet to try one I don't like. The tofu isn't too bad, though it's a little on the squishy side rather than the crispy/firm side. The dressings are light and lovely to boot. The sandwiches are actually quite large. My hubby seemed to enjoy his sandwich with the only comment being the bread was a tad dry, but he really loves the chocoalte peanut butter shake with espresso. He rarely even orders a chewable meal from here anymore.

I haven't tried the breakfast options and while there aren't that many, they look delicious. Juice and drink options are great with a fabulous tea selections. When it's busy the take out orders have been a little slow, but that's to be expected. It appears dogs are welcome on the patio which is always a plus! Overall I strongly recommend this place for a quick and light bite that appeases any diet.
Phoenix is freaking hot, and it's extra dry for this Bayou City girl. So thankfully there's a juice bar that that serves amazingly fresh-pressed juices to hydrate the body - which in turn hydrates your skin, hair, etc. 

The juice concoctions are creative. I'm a fan of the Liver Cleanse: beet, apple, ginger, lemon parsley and aloe. Their juices are pricier than I've paid in other cities ($10 for the large), but they're also the largest servings I've ever seen (but with a lot of ice). I also wanted an immunity boost shot to-go (not on their menu, but it's lemon juice, ginger and cayenne). They don't offer any cayenne, unfortch, but they should totally work that lil' spice into some of their juices. It's has magical powers for the body, yo!!! :)

With salads and sandwiches, breakfast, smoothies and coffees also on the menu, this makes for the perfect breakfast or lunch spot! Do try the Moroccan Turkey on their low carb bread! I really enjoyed that light lunch with a gourmet kick.
The Chop Shop is one of my favorite trendy health food spots and is located right in the heart of old town. They offer a wide variety of freshly made to order juice options, and protein shakes. I have tried all of them and was pleased every time! I myself do a lot of juicing at home so trying the different combination they use in their drinks has inspired me to try new recipes! They also have great salad options and protein plates to choose from. When I'm on the go this is my go to spot for quick and healthy eats!  I happen to love their Kale Salad  and Shrimp Protein Plate. I often call 20min ahead of time to place my order and take my food to go. This place is always busy and especially during lunch hours and on the weekends. The staff is very knowledgable about what they offer on the menu and they can help make suggestions if you get stuck on what to choose. This place has definitely set the bar for restaurants/cafes who are looking to offer their consumers quick and healthy eats at a great price!
I used to love love Chop House. Keyword USED TO. The last time I ordered a salad they forgot to add avocados and my steak, even though I paid for the steak. No big deal mistakes happen. But the next two times I tried to order from Chop House, their registers were down, another time power was out. Today I ordered a salad, and usually when its go they put the dressing on the side, but todays salad was DRENCHED in dressing. Like super soggy. I used to love love Chop Shop's salad, but I think I rather pay an extra $4 and go to Bungalow.
Love this place! Healthy meals that taste amazing!! My only real complaint is the chaos that tends to occur on Saturday and Sunday, especially in the morning. Their system for calling out your order has something to be desired and the waiting/ordering line can get crowded and at times claustrophobic. For that reason, and the outdoor "yard" area, I prefer the Tempe location but it is something I can definitely overlook considering how much I enjoy everything else at the Old Town location.
When Chop Shop opened I would have given it 5 stars, but things have gone down hill in the past couple months.  The juices are amazing I have no complaints there, the issue we are continuing to have is with lettuce in the salads.  Chop Shop creates wonderful salads, but lately salads have had really brown and slimy lettuce to the point of having to throw away 4 salads.  Not impressed!
The beet salad was possibly the best salad I've ever eaten. And the value was terrific. The salad had the perfect proportions of greens, beets, goat cheese and cashews. And the dressing was just the right amount. What a happy discovery. I'm just sorry I live in Florida and won't get to enjoy this often!
This place seems to stay pretty busy, so don't expect speed unless you happen to pop in at a slow time.  The beet salad was good, but the watermelon iced tea was kind of "meh".
The food is great! Fresh ingredients, great choices. Service and ordering leave A LOT to be desired. At 2:15 on a Saturday, waiting 20-30 minutes to order is not acceptable. Having the drink order come out with a 5 minute delay between each drink is ridiculous. It is ice tea. Not even juice. In fact the juices people ordered behind us came out before our ice tea. We have been regulars since it opened. I am sad to say that is going change unless they improve their system.
Fresh ingredients, a really decent price for everything there.  I come by once (or twice) each time I am in Scottsdale.  The juices are phenomenal if you are health conscious and need your kale juice fix.
I am in LOVE with the tri-tip protein plate! Whenever I'm in the mood for something super healthy yet super satisfying but not in the mood to cook this is my go-to meal of choice. 
I'm thrilled it's close to my office. I'm happy they're so popular but selfishly wish they weren't so busy at times. I also wish they delivered. 
Sometimes the staff is awesome sometimes just ok. It's not a bad thing, since its obvious to me they are incredibly busy all.the.time. This is the only reason I don't give 5 stars but it certainly doesn't deter me from returning. 
When any of my clients ask me for a recommendation for a meal after their appointment I always mention chop shop. 
Would love a location in the Biltmore/Phoenix area too :) (pretty please)
My wife and I were in Scottsdale on a business trip for a few days.Read some reviews and this place sounded like it fit the bill.We bought wraps and I had a muscle shake.Everything tasted fresh and great.
On our last morning in Scottsdale we decided to try cappuccinos here after a couple of below average experiences at Breakfast Club and The Gelato Spot.I virtually challenged Chelsea to deliver the goods but I'm sure she knew how to make a great cappuccino already because that's what we got.Thank you Chelsea.
My girlfriend and I had a couple of the protein plates. She had the tri-tip with quinoa and I had the chicken with forbidden rice. Hers came with something like a teriyaki sauce and mine came with a coconut curry type sauce. They were both really good, and a lot bigger than I thought they would be. I could barely finish mine. I forgot to ask for no mushrooms, and they put a lot of them in there, but they were easy to pick out. 

I also had the kale cleanse juice and it was good, but a little too much ginger and lime for my taste. 

Some of the salads I saw when I was there looked really good too. I didn't get to see any of the sandwiches, but they sound good. Their breakfast sounds good too. There was a breakfast burrito and an acai breakfast bowl with fruit and granola I want to try. 

The service was really friendly and fast too. I don't usually give out 5 star reviews on my first visit, but I will definitely be coming back to try their other offerings. If my future experiences are as good as this one, I will be updating my rating to a 5 for sure.
I can't do it anymore.  As you can see by my previous review I was last at Chop Shop only a week ago.  I decided to have breakfast there this morning and avoid the lettuce so I ordered the Sunrise Breakfast Wrap.  I cannot explain to you the amount of grease that came out of that thing.  It was beyond disgusting, once again I mustered down a couple bites and had to throw it away.  At this point I've thrown away as many meals as I have eaten there.  How they claim to be healthy is beyond me.
I really like this place for a quick business healthy lunch!! The service was friendly and quick. I had the chicken protein bowl and was very tasty! We sat at outdoor patio and was nice.
If you are looking for a place to grab a healthy, yet delicious meal-this is your place!  The chicken and kale wrap was really good, and tasted fresh.  The kale salad was good as well.  The best is the "Cheat Day Wrap".  Although not as healthy as the other options, the flavor makes it worth the extra calories.  If you are extra hungry, get a side of quinoa.  It is only a $1.50 and the portion is pretty huge for the price.
Nice option in the area for light, quick meal options. Portions are on the small side while they don't skimp on the price. Taste is unremarkable but the ingredients seem quite fresh.
Was so excited to finally try this place and it did not disappoint! I tried the kale juice which was delicious? Even if you are not a fan of the taste of green juices you would prob still like this. And I also had the kale cedar salad, was very impressed with it. Everything was healthy and fresh, this will be added to my favorite list, can't wait to go back and try some more of the different kinds of juices
Great concept. Healthy options and fresh juices. You won't be disappointed. 
Staff was friendly and fun, you could tell they actually liked working there. 
A must visit when I'm in Old Town Scottsdale.
Good food - reminds me of a Green only with more options & urban flare. Great location small inside but worth wait for seating!  Numerous vegetarian or vegan options.
Giving 2 stars based solely that none of there "healthy" drinks are organic.  Which means your drinking poison.  Your better off not drinking this crap.  Please have an option for people who would like organic charge me more.  If people are soooo health conscious that dine at your "healthy" cafe then why aren't they complaining.
Original ChopShop is a great place for some fresh food to revive that nutrient poor body of mine. Sandwiches are awesome and are big enough to feed a family of 6. Fresh ingredients and drinks. Great place to add in your diet or healthy lifestyle.
I'm extremely disappointed. I came to Chop Shop very excited because I read it's amazing reviews and several friends had recommended it. The place was packed and so I thought it must me good. I got the shrimp protein plate & a side of sweet potatoes with kale. The first thing I noticed was that everything was drenched in oil. I ate it anyway & enjoyed the flavors and assumed they used a healthy oil since the restaurant advertised as being a "healthy cuisine" Well immediately after I ate the meal my stomach started to kill. I went up to the girl working at the front & asked what kind of oil they used and my mouth dropped. She said "Canola". This is a place that is advertised as healthy. If you don't know anything about Canola it is one of the worst oils you can use. I am in shock & don't think i'm going back. Over 90% of Canola oil is genetically modified and resistant to the herbicide roundup & is extremely unhealthy. 

You know that Olive Oil comes from olives, and that Sesame Seed Oil comes from sesame seeds. It would make sense that Canola Oil comes from Canola Seeds, right? Well, there's actually no such thing.

Canola is a made-up word which stands for "Canadian oil low acid", and is a genetically modified product. It is a Canadian invention that is backed by the government. It's a cheap product to manufacture, and many processed or packaged foods contain canola oil.

If you came to this restaurant expecting "healthy" food, this is not the place. Their tofu isn't organic which is also GMO and none of their food is advertised as organic. I guess I was expecting a healthy, organic, non-GMO restaurant and it wasn't what I expected. If you don't care about health and GMOs then it's a good place. Otherwise it's not for you if you want something healthy. 

Read the article below for more information.
http://www.draxe.com/canola-oil-gm/
Want to pretend to be healthy?
Now you can! And ChopShop can help.
Here's how:

1) Order a kale caesar.

2) Throw in some delicious, protein-packed shrimp. Really, the shrimp are excellent. Skip the tofu.

3) Enjoy the full cup of caesar dressing that's suffocating the life out of each and every piece of kale and coating your mouth in a film best described as what every salad at the most mediocre chain restaurant in the world tastes like.

4) Delude yourself into thinking that a bowl of dressing, flecked with green, is good for you.

Seriously, if you're going to down a thousand calories of salty fat, just get a cheeseburger and fries and enjoy the hell out of it. Never has ordering a salad made me want to skip dessert, until now.
Exactly what Old Town Scottsdale was missing!  A relaxed atmosphere that puts out high quality, health conscious dishes out for breakfast, lunch & dinner!  I usually have difficulty deciding what to order because it's all incredible but recently the chicken protein plate with quinoa and brown rice has been hitting the spot!  They definitely do not skimp on the portion size either....always leave happy, healthy & full!  Highly recommended to ANYONE in the area!
Had the Moroccan Turkey Sandwich for lunch with the sweet potato hash. Great meal. Came back for breakfast and had the Sunrise Wrap. The ingredients looked great, however it lacked seasoning all together. Overall a solid 3.
Great, healthy food and juice options. Salad choices are all interesting and pair well with the fresh juices. Lots of outside seating, complete with organic dog biscuits for your 4 legged friends.
I'm addicted! Although it's super busy and parking is spares, it's so worth it. The protein plates actually come in a bowl and is easily enough food for 2 people or 2 meals
I'd love to have one of these in Tucson, and rumor has it that we might! I love a crisp and hearty salad- and Chop Shop delivers on both counts. I have yet to dine in, as lunch has been brought to the office on both occasions, so I'm holding off on that extra star for a dine-in experience. The kale Caesar salad with chicken is my go-to choice. The salad is quite large and filling. I'm not entirely sure of the dressing is light or low cal, but since its served on the side for to-go orders I haven't experienced anything less than a fresh and crisp salad.  Per Gabi M's recommendation, I ordered a pita wrap on the side. Make mini wraps out of your salad- delish! I've also tasted a quinoa salad with veggies which was also super light. So far, it makes for a perfect lunch at the office. I look forward to trying their juice!
Branched out to try the sandwiches and the Moroccan Turkey sandwich was a clear winner. Nearly all the gas issues from the last review have been solved. This baby was stuffed into low carb bread which was rectangular in shape. It was loaded with fresh turkey, field greens, a yogurt based spread and then sliced grapes for a crazy change of pace. Also served with a side salad and under 8 bucks. That corner of Scottsdale is also loaded with eye candy going back and forth, so eat outside and enjoy the view with the great healthy food.
This place is great and pretty much everyone loves it. BUT I go here so much and I think it's healthy and I am sure it is but can you guys please come out with the nutritional facts??? I like to know what I'm eating and what I'm paying for.
It's always hard to find a tasty, healthy restaurant, but lucky me! I found one. Unlucky for me, I don't live in Scottsdale :/

Things I loved:
-Solid portion: I got the Tri-Tip protein plate and it was more than enough. If I didn't live in a hotel that weekend, I would have totally split it into 2 meals, but I had no refrigerator. 
-Actually healthy: You know places like Chili's or Applebees where you feel all proud for resisting that fatty burger and ordering the salad only to find out that the salad was more caloric than the burger because of all the dressing? Yeah, it's not like that at ChopShop. You can tell that they use fresh ingredients and the taste was not overwhelming at all. In fact, it was deliciously balanced.
-FORBIDDEN RICE: It's in all caps. Need I say more?

One thing I didn't love, but was still ok with:
-Just a little pricey: I think I was ok with the price of the protein plate but their juices/smoothies are outrageously pricey. I got the 16 oz. slim squeeze and it was $5.50. Their 32 oz. are $10! I know they put a lot of ingredients in there but come, it's just fruit in the end. Tasted good, but don't think I'm willing to spend that much again.

If I ever come back to Scottsdale, I'll definitely make another visit!
I have been remiss in not writing this review sooner.  This place is a go-to at our house, and we often stop in for a healthy dinner with friends on the weekends.  

I love the humus and veggie sandwich - really tasty, genuinely healthy, and it comes with a side of kale salad.  I also like to order a side of sweet potato hash - delicious, but a little heavier.  

The protein bowls and breakfasts are quite good, too, and the hearty scones make a wonderful quick meal.

The other night, one of the lovely employees, Colt, introduced me to my new favorite thing: the veggie sadwich, served as a wrap, with shrimp - dee-licious!!!  I checked and they're happy to make this modified item any time!  I can't wait to have it again!!

One more tip: try the Stevia Lemondade - so yummy!!  This is such a treat because I love lemonade, but I'm usually put off by the amount of sugar required to make it tasty.
Nice prices, healthy food and overall a good experience. Will definitely come back. Had the protein plate with chicken which was good and had one of the protein shakes as well. Overall a good alternative for something a bit healthier
on our search for a quick, easy bite, we yelped this place thinking it was a steak house. wrong! deliciously exquisite vegan, vegetarian, and meatatarian food awaits. 

it's in the old philly cheese steak location, right next to stingray. the server behind the counter, even as busy as he was, greeted us like we were old friends. the menu is well-rounded, with a flair for healthy options. wraps, salads, sandwiches, and juices are their specialty. 

i opted for the spicy shrimp protein bowl. it was a huge portion, literally packed with shrimp. the black rice was a little gooey and delicious. filled to the brim with cauliflower, broccoli, carrot slivers, and shrimp. i was full about 1/2 way into it, but it was so tasty, i ate the whole thing...and i didn't feel a bit of guilt. 

there is outside seating and self serve water. the inside is kinda small but for scottsdale weather, who cares!

this will become a definite regular for us.
Great breakfast burritos and salads.  The smoothies are hit n miss,  but once you find one you like you're good.  Needs free WiFi for the wait times.
Decided to check this place out while walking around old town. I'm glad I did I was looking for something light and healthy and this place delivered. It's a shame I'm not from here because this would of been a favorite of mine.
I got the beef tri-tip and it was amazing and it was big enough to share as a light lunch. Lemonade is fresh and refreshing as well.
I bypassed this establishment for a long time thinking that the name referred to a meat-heavy menu. Thanks to my fellow yelpers I learned that that is not the case at all!
Their menu is full of fresh, tasty, healthy food. Salads, sandwiches, juices, breakfast.
It's very casual: order at the counter, receive a number, find a table. My husband ordered a protein bowl with shrimp, and I tried the beet salad with tofu. I thought both of them were delicious!!!
Days after I'm still thinking about that salad! Decent value too. I saw a lot of people getting take-out from here....not a bad idea.
Completely hipster, completely satisfying. I was visiting in town and wanted something quick, but local, and this place did not disappoint. I opted for the veggie bowl and grilled shrimp, which came with forbidden rice and it was excellent. Given that this place has pretty fresh, local ingredients, the price was right up my alley. Casual dining, but great for a quick bite in downtown.
I figured I should update this since I have been back on multiple occasions now and tried more of the menu. I haven't had a single bad meal here. In fact, everything I have tried here has been great. Not only does everything taste amazing, I feel great after eating it.

My favorites here so far are the chicken protein bowl with quinoa, the tri-tip sandwich and the chicken and prosciutto sandwich. I was a bit worried about the sandwiches because of the whole wheat low-carb bread, but these did not have that cardboard taste that I have come to associate with low-carb. The bread seemed like a cross between a pita and wheat bread. They were nice and soft and the flavor was really good.

I have yet to try the salads or the breakfast, but I will get there. I have no doubt that they will be just as good as everything else so far.
This place took over the old Philadelphia Sandwich Company space (they moved around the corner) about a year ago and it is like a whole different world. Not only is the food the complete opposite - healthy and fresh salads, bowls and wraps instead of greasy cheese steaks - but also the restaurant got a total makeover and expansion. It's a very cute place but it gets crazy busy at lunch time. Best strategy seems to be to go with a friend and have one of you hover and pounce on a table while the other stands in line to order. That is what my friend and I did and we got in and out in under an hour since they bring the food out pretty fast. Also, I thought that the prices were very reasonable for this part of Scottsdale.

I had the beet salad and it was fantastic. The beets were in huge delectable chunks and the greens were not wilted. And plenty of other little goodies like flecks of goat cheese, golden raisins and chopped cashews. I did not find that they used too much dressing at all (even though other reviews mentioned this) - it was very light and barely noticeable. I loved the fact that they had a few different kinds of flavored (but unsweetened) iced teas in seasonal flavors... I've been on a bit of an iced tea kick lately. The one I tried was a raspberry green tea, I believe. I'm looking forward to trying more off their menu in the future since my friend has been raving about this place for months!
Wow. Really healthy and flavorful. The portions are enough for two.
DEE-licious and fresh.  Feel good food, awesome beverages (iced teas, fresh juice, coffee) and friendly service! Great location as well
We go to Chop Shop for everything! Breakfast, lunch, dinner, juice, smoothies. One of the coolest, hippest places in town. So glad to see healthy food done fast and fun getting so much patronage. Recommend the green glory juice and the zen bowl. Yum!
After a long weekend of overeating on a Scottsdale weekend vacation, I perused for a salad locale and stumbled across this place. I knew I was at the right spot when I saw the long line and a sea of women in lulu lemon clothing - (definitely popular and trendy!)
We had the 
- American chop : I loved that they used cooked egg in the salad, and the corn chips were also a great addition
- Beet chop : The fresh yellow beet slices were wonderful. 
The prices are good at ~ &7 for a sizeable bowl. Great selection of pressed juices as well. 
The place was crowded for lunch, but surprisingly fast and friendly service for a line of more than 15 people. The interior is casual but cute.
Always great. Consistent and healthy. Plus lots of gluten free options. 
The decor is also really fun and understated. Concept is great, I can see why it's always busy. 
Looks like they are expanding the dining area and bathrooms. Should be pretty cool. 
Love it.
I come here every time I have to work in Scottsdale. The cold pressed juices are what keep me coming back. The food is just okay to me. Maybe I've tried the wrong dishes? I'll still keep coming back however for the fab drinks.
A group of my coworkers and I went here about a month ago and I loved their food.  Their pressed juice Kale Cleanse was so good I could have drank it all day every day, it was addictive good.  And their sandwiches were huge so I was able to eat half for lunch and the other half for dinner making it completely worth the price.

The only things I didn't like was there is no where to park, that's a plus for them because that means they are busy but a negative for me and my coworkers because it means the place isn't really meant for takeout.  So when you're doing a lunch run and it's your turn to pick up, it really sucks trying to carry 6 drinks and tons of food to your car parked far away.  And they don't have an easy carrying box for multiple drinks either. I had to stop every 50 feet to adjust my grip so that I wouldn't spill the drinks.

I also wished they delivered.  Sometimes all of my coworkers want to order about $60-$100 worth of food, if not a larger order at times.  But we just can't break away from our work stations.  The food is delicious but we just can run and get it.  I bet if they set up delivery within a small area to cover the businesses near buy, they'd be picking up $1000's more in revenue per a week if not a day.  Like I said, my coworkers and I can easily bring up a hefty each run.

But what can you do, maybe one day in the future things will change and they'll have delivery.  In the mean time, the lack of delivery will not stop me from eating there whenever I can.
Very good, healthy and reasonably priced. Beet salad and chicken kale sandwich are our to-go-tos. 

When this concept goes national, you'll be able to say you frequented the second location. Best of luck with your expansion...
Great protein shakes. Great Asian salad. Love the protein bowls. Takes a bit long for shakes but kinda worth it Love this place.
I wish a ChopShop would open in Tucson, because this place is now one of my go to places when I'm in Scottsdale for smoothies, salads, sandwiches and juices. My newest obsession is the Chicken Protein Plate, which is packed with diced chicken, veggies and Forbidden rice, all covered in a delicious Thai Peanut sauce. The Forbidden rice is a black rice definitely tastes different than traditional white rice. Don't let it scare you off though, it really makes the dish not only interesting to look at but full of flavor. If you aren't in daring mood, you can substitute the forbidden rice for white/brown rice or sweet potato hash. In addition to the protein plate, I also recommend their homemade lemonades. They change them up by the season and last time I was there it was watermelon lemonade, but unfortunately, they were sold out, so I "built my own" juice with carrots, cucumbers and apple, and was very pleased. If you haven't tried ChopShop yet, I highly recommend it.
Amazing for a healthy breakfast. Feel satisfied and clean. Tried the power green juice and it was delicious. Also the open egg sandwich is yummy.
Not worth the money. 
Is it good food? Yes.
Is it healthy? Very.
Is it worth it? Maybe...

It seems like it hasn't really lived up to the hype. The prices are high, and the service is not the greatest. Especially when its busy. I do enjoy the fresh juice, and their recipes are pretty solid. But for some reason, I'm not that impressed with the place as a whole.
I've become a fan of places with successfully healthy, yet delicious food! Everything was delicious: beet salad, shrimp protein bowl, green kale juices...SO GOOD! The prices are actually not bad for the quality of ingredients. If you're going to try anything...try the BEET SALAD!
Great good, great service and really healthy options!  I love what they've done with the place.  Ordering was simple and they bring it out to you once it's ready.  I recommend getting on of their signature drinks.
The concept, ambience and music are great.  The food was really good too.  I would give this a 4.5 star, but the staff were notably rude.  I heard one of the people say to a customer in a rude, stern voice "I cannot hear you".  Also, I was standing on the wrong side of a register and the person behind the counter asked me if I was picking up something, and when I said no, he said "this spot is for pick up only" (note when I blushed and apologized and slid over 3 inches, he was then willing to answer my question).
This is a weekly staple for me.  Fresh and unique ingredients.  The food comes out swiftly and never disappoints. Thank you for curing my weekend hangovers!
The food is just okay but I would probably eat here every day if I lived here.  Good intentions with the menu and my typical go to meals on the road.
Great location and great food. I recommend the Kale Chicken Caesar in a wrap and the Kale Cleanse juice.
Awesome healthy food.  Great smoothies, coffee concoctions and drink remedies.  A little wait time during weekend but all in all 2 thumbs up!
I LOVE THIS PLACE. 

I used to live in Scottsdale, and was recently back for a visit and am insanely jealous that this place exists in Old Town now!  I had the American salad just as it comes, and I devoured every bite.  The raspberry tea that I had to drink was also very good!

My non-salad loving DP had the BBQ chicken salad (when in Rome...) and his bowl was also clean when we left.  I'm now wishing that I had tried some of the juices or stopped back again before heading back east.

ChopShop, please come to Philadelphia!
I was looking for a good casual lunch place in old town scottsdale and stumbled over this place. GREAT lunch option for those looking for something healthy. I had the kale caesar salad with grilled shimp and a lemon-dijon dressing and it was to DIE for. Absolutely delicious. Paired it with one of their freshly pressed juices and it was the perfect start to a day of shopping and relaxing! Definitely worth it to stop by if you are in the area.
Delicious. Came here with friends for breakfast. I ordered the zen bowl. It was both filling and tasty. I added hot sauce or it would have been bland in my opinion. Also ordered a cafe mocha and really enjoyed my specialty coffee. Great little spot for a healthy meal.
ChopShop is quickly turning into one of my favorite lunch spots in Old Town. 

The staff has always been helpful & cheery every time I have visited, & the atmosphere of the whole restaurant & patio area are so adorable. 

At first glance the menu may seem limited but there really are so many options for delicious and healthy food. Their juices, teas, and lemonade have been absolutely perfect every time I have ordered. 

The main reason ChopShop has earned a place in my heart though, their tofu is ALWAYS cooked perfectly. It is difficult to find a restaurant that consistently puts out good and delicious tasting tofu, and ChopShop has yet to disappoint me. 

Their breakfast menu & pastries have been tempting each visit, but I have yet to actually try them out, next visit for sure!!
Love Chop Shop!!!!  Today at lunch my daughter got the wrong order.  The manager, Robbie, was so nice to us.  He immediately put in the new order with no questions asked. He made us feel like the customer really is important-he was awesome!!  I hope Chop Shop realizes how great he is!  We will continue to eat at Chop Shop as often as we can!
Amazing food and drinks.  However, they need more than one cashier open at lunch.  Wait times are long.
The best juices in town! I recommend the Kale Cleanse! 
The Acai bowl is also fantastic!
Yum, I had the acai bowl and the kale cleanse when I came in a few weeks ago for a breakfast meeting. It was my first here and I am looking forward to coming back. Everything was super tasty and filling. The bowl was larger than I expected and dang good! I also wish I had gotten the larger juice as I sucked it down pretty fast. 

It was pretty packed when I was in at 8:30, I'd imagine it would stay busy throughout the day until post lunch crowd dies down. There is also WiFi available, just ask reallll nice or use your noggin to figure it out :). It's a good spot to get some work done in the back or enjoy the nice weather outside. 

Also a great spot to keep yourself motivated as your will be constantly reminded that there are a shit ton of people in better shape than you and that it seems like everyone has far more time than you to be going to yoga, the gym, running miles, etc.
My son summed up lunch perfectly:  "It's just awesome and healthy."  Get a protein plate with Chicken or Tri-Tip and a side of the sweet potato hash.  It is really the perfect meal in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale.  My wife and daughter had salads and they loved them.  To top it off we each had some of their green juices (Liver Cleanse and Power Green).  Can't wait until they open up closer to home in California.
I can't believe it took me this long to try this place... It was so good!!  I've walked by dozens of times trekking around old town shopping and drinking and eating ... So I made a date with my wifey to try this place out and we were not disappointed.  As I am in the middle of 30 days vegan, I went with the Tofu w/green curry protein plate.  They call it a plate, but its served in a bowl... In the bottom of the bowl, there are roasted veggies consisting of carrots, cauliflower, broccoli and onions.  Along with the veggies, you get a choice of forbidden rice, brown rice, quinoa or sweet potato hash.  I went with the SP hash since I'd already had rice that day. On top of your grain/hash choice and veggies comes the tofu and green curry sauce.  Amazing flavors.  The curry has just a little heat, but the sweetness from the roasted veggies is a perfect compliment.  My wifey had the shrimp protein plate option with the forbidden rice and gave it rave reviews.  There was so much food neither of us finished our portions (we tried!) We left very full and for about $8 total.  I have already notified the bf that we'll be back.
HEALTHY GOOD FOOD

Such good food, love both locations and have always had a great experience, from the protein plates to the fresh pressed juices. Anything on the menu is a great and hope it sticks around for a long time.
Ate here twice during a recent trip to Scottsdale.  The Old Town location is great and they have nice outdoor seating.  Service was friendly and quick.  The menu offers a variety of fresh and healthy options and the protein plate with tofu is an excellent vegan option.  It comes with tofu, choice of grain, and a ton of sauteed veggies.  My husband and I went there twice and I ordered it both times.  It is a generous amount of food and really tasty.
4 and not 5 stars because it is always a production to get here, there is hardly ever any parking and the line is always so long, and I think the food Takes forever, not a quick lunch break spot most of the time, however, the food is always excellent and service is always pleasant! I love the chicken protein bowl with the sweet potato hash! Their pressed juices are amazing!
The ChopShop is by far one of my favorite dining establishments in the valley. They offer healthy and high quality food, with a pretty wide variety of options that range from healthy green juices, protein shakes, salads, sandwiches and protein plates! The atmosphere here really reminds me of Urth Cafe in Los Angeles, it's a really organic, earthy coffee shop feeling with both indoor and outdoor seating options. It can get pretty slammed during lunch hours so if your strapped for time I would recommend calling in and order ahead of time! 

A few of my fav items here are the Kale Cesar Salad, The Tri Tip and the Shrimp protein Plate, both plates are served with their super healthy and might I add yummy black forbidden rice and a generous helping of roasted broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, onions and mushrooms. I was really impressed with the quality of the steak and shrimp that they have and honestly the size of the shrimp they serve. Juice wise I love their Power Green Juice which has Kale, cucumber, celery, apple, ginger, parsley and lemon. 

When I am in the area and looking for a healthy and quick lunch option this is my go to spot!
Had another great meal at Chop Shop today. Must say I am very impressed with the  remodel, really opened up the place. Got the BBQ salad wrap for the first time which was a great choice. I took a friend for her first time and I am going to guess she will be returning frequently. Great spot as always!
I love the Asian salad with chicken.  Wrapped or in a bowl.  Highlight of my work week.  Kale cleanse is so vibrant and refreshing.  Thanks for being open right across the street from where I work.
So so turkey sandwich & apparently they don't understand no tomato. Will not be back.
Love all the egg combos on their breakfast menu.  Their scones and baked goods.... not a huge fan of... but the coffee is delicious.  Great ambience, and the staff are stellar.
I stopped in here with my brother while exploring Scottsdale. We came right during lunch time so the line was super long. I ordered the BBQ Chicken salad & the kale cleanse juice, both were delicious! Great place for a healthy lunch.
I went to Chop Shop with some buddies on a Monday night. The manager Alex did an awful job of managing how the food went out. My order took 35 minutes and the multiple people got their food before me even though I ordered first. Once the order came out it was missing sides and toppings. After complaining multiple times the manger took a very laid back approach. He said oh there are a whole bunch of orders back there. This manager was just awful and shouldn't be in such a position. He is clearly way over his head if he can't handle a Monday night. My visit was on 5-12-14 aprox 8:20 pm.
LOVE this place. I am from Boston and would kill to have one of these in my area. I went to Chop Shop for a quick breakfast on a recent Scottsdale trip, and it was absolutely delicious! I had the acai bowl and a slim squeeze juice and both were amazing. My acai bowl had tons of strawberries and bananas on top with honey drizzled over them and a sprinkling of coconut. YUM. The prices are super fair as well.
better than expected healthy delicious food, awesome salads, call it in though cuz this place gets packed around the hot times.
With the recent remodel everything flows much better. Food quality and juices are still fantastic.
I absolutely love this place!!! Healthy food that tastes amazing! I come here every chance I get and everything from their juices to salads, sandwiches and protein rice bowls are SO good!!
These guys simply just do it right. Whoever came up with this concept is just brilliant. When I went the chia pudding wasn't in stock... I hope it is next time, I'm dying to try it.
So delicious, healthy & affordable! 

The juices are amazing, protein bowls are delicious, and the service is outstanding!

I recommend the  green power juice, chicken thai curry bowl w forbidden rice, and an  iced almond milk mocha!
Food is great. I eat here a few times a week and never get sick of it. The juices are good too. Make sure you pick up a frequent diner card.
Great product horrendous service 

I used to love this place but seems like it's gone completely down hill. With the volume they're serving they should have a staff that can pick up the pace. I was the second person in line and it took 20 minutes to get one juice (that has a premade base) 

Skip this place if your time is important to you
Chop shop has a great concept. I am just struggling finding a go to item on the menu. I have not been a big fan of the sandwiches. The protein bowls were a bit better but I was far from in love with it. Maybe I just need some comfort food instead of health food...
This place is the epitome of a great lunch spot. They have everything! I was overwhelmed with options. They have salads, sandwiches, "protein bowls", breakfast, parfaits, juices, coffee, puppies, and interpretive dancing. Alright, maybe they don't have the last two (unless you bring your own puppy) but it was a lot to think about. 

I settled on a dutch salad with a side of sweet potato hash and quinoa. The salad was perfectly dressed, with plenty of Gorgonzola, pear, dates, and leafy greens. Likewise the quinoa was a great addition. It was lemony, with crunchy snap peas. The sweet potato hash could have used an extra jolt of flavor but it was nothing that salt couldn't fix.

The service was iffy because they messed up our order. But they were swamped so I understand.

If you sit outside beware of the mister that's used to cool people off! It surprised us and I felt like me and my meal were produce at the grocery store.
This used to be one of my favorite places, but sadly has started to go downhill. The quality of the food, as well as the service, is not what it used to be, and with all the great places going up, it should consider going back to what it used to be if it wants to keep customers, because they just lost a regular. No one likes a watered down drink...I'd rather go to d'lish, make sure to check out that place!!!! :)
Honestly this is probably my favorite go to place after my grueling gym workouts. Their salads are fantastic as well as their juices and everything! Lol. yes they are short staffed sometimes and it gets poppin but it's not the employees fault so let's not take it out on them. I work in the service industry so I know that a smile and   bit of patience can go a long way! They also make everything to order so obviously it's gonna take a few minutes so if u are so worried about time then go somewhere else or you can always call the order in to go so they can make it without you breathing down their necks :) all in all I will keep going here because it's delicious, reasonably priced, friendly and right next to my gym!
I would eat here just about every work day if it were close. Would love see this expand to Encinitas/Solana Beach/Del Mar, I think it would suit the market very well.

This is a nicely designed shop with a mix of natural and man made elements. It reminds me a little of some SF design because of the white tiles, but with more of a south-western flavor.

The food is just spot-on for my needs. Healthy, but not compromising the flavor. They have very good salads, sandwiches, and bowls. With something to cater for all kinds of special diets.

Places like this are why I love coming to the desert... besides the sun & pool.
The URTH Cafe of Scottsdale
Delicious and healthy food!!!  Love the salads, shakes and all things Chop Shop.  The place is always slammed at lunch time...so wear your patience and zen if you decide to lunch here.  It would have received 5 stars from me if their staff at the registers weren't so ditzy (make sure you repeat your order 10 times), and had more personality with their customers.  They all seem like they hate their jobs.
Been here twice now. The first I ordered the tri-tip wrap and it was delicious! The second time I ordered the shrimp protein bowl, did not like it.. ended up throwing it out actually. The fresh juices are yummy. Would I dine here again? Probably not.
Do you like good food that's healthy and doesn't break the bank? ChopShop is the place to be. It's got a nice kind of chill vibe to it and I haven't had anything I didn't like.
This is our new favorite place! We have been several times over the past year and the food is always fresh and consistent. We went on Sunday, and they have expanded the seating area which made for an even better experience. Love this place!
So good, perfect morning boost !! Fast and good !! Service is always pleasant..
Great at any time of the day, love the fact that you can order the all menu early !!
Love this place! It is a go to spot for me all the time and I can't wait to bring friends and family from out of town! The American Chop Salad is my fav :)
Went to ChopShop with a group of friends for a casual dinner. Not a long line and we were able to get a table no problem, which is nice because it was normally really busy at lunch hours.

I had the shrimp protein bowl which was excellent. You can choose from four grains to add with the protein and vegetables, so I got half sweet potato hash and half "forbidden", or black, rice. It was delicious, especially after adding some siracha! Last time I did the chicken protein bowl with quinoa and sweet potato hash, but I personally preferred the shrimp more.

I will definitely be there again soon, there juices are excellent as well!
This place is awesome. I haven't even wandered the menu because their protein bowls are so good AND nutritious. 
Juicers are awesome. All around awesome place and atmosphere.
Love this place! Yummy affordable healthy and friendly :).  

Love their side salads, wraps, and sandwich very filling without feeling over stuffed . 

I tried their chicken protein bowl with quinoa and it's Delish! Portion is very generous and flavor is not bland like some other healthy food joint, it's full of flavor! Have to try their lime shrimp next time :) love the fact that all the proteins are different flavors . 

Had their p&j parfait today was yummy and well presented! Love those seasonal peach tea ! Love love love! 
 
I'll be here every week :)
I can only say I wish we had this place in Hollywood.   I would eat here lunch every day.  This is a healthy restaurant that is delicious.   What a concept these people have.   A vegan could eat here and every one in between. I had a roasted vegetable bowl with shrimp.  Wow it was delicious. You can customize everything.
one word. OBSESSED. I love this place, being vegetarian and highly allergic to meat I love their healthy, creative, yummy choices for me!! I can't wait to visit Scottsdale again because this place will be on the top of my hit list!!
I am obsessed with this place!

I have had their breakfast bowls, protein bowls, salads, protein shakes, and juices and I have never been dissatisfied! 

Food is affordable and delicious and the Scottsdale location has a great set up. 

I love everything about Chop Show and I recommend it to anyone and everyone!
Chop chop, get your self to the chop shop!

The protein plates are so so good here. I ordered the tofu with quinoa which comes with broccoli, cauliflower, mushrooms, carrots and onions. My only complaint (and it may just be personal) is that they use silken tofu. Not a fan...it can taste a little like a non cooked egg white to me. No bueno. I prefer my tofu as firm as Jillian Michaels' booty.

Overall, a great place to catch a healthy organic meal, but a tip: order ahead and pick it up because the line is LONG.
I love the chicken protein bowl. The staff are always nice and willing to make adjustments to the food if possible. I haven't tried any of their desserts yet, but they always sound tempting!
I love The Chop Shop. The atmosphere, feel and aesthetics of all the locations is fantastic. You feel as if you could be in California, nice beachy feel.

The food is fantastic, healthy and you always feel satisfied and full. The prices may seem a little higher (9-10 entrees) but the quantity and quality of food makes it a steal. I prefer subbing sweet potato hash and avocado rather than the forbidden rice. I also prefer getting my sandwiches as a wrap as opposed to their bread. Their juices are also incredible, the liver cleanse is fantastic tasting and a hangover cure ;)

One thing though that I'm constantly unsatisfied with which is why I only gave four stars, is the service. This place always seems to take longer than it should, even when it's not busy. The employees are nice and friendly, but not at all quick. I always place  my order to go and even then if I've made the order 20-25 minutes prior I occasionally get stuck waiting 15 minutes. I would definitely enjoy this place to the fullest if the employees were quicker and more efficient. They also can't split up orders, for instance I placed an order for me and two of my co-workers, and when we arrived they said it all had to go on one card which was extremely frustrating.

Over all though, I do recommend this spot for healthy eats and the nice decor :)
This place is a hidden gem!  
The acai bowl, sweet potato hash and veggie hummus sammy are amazing!  Can't wait to come back next time I'm in town.
I LOVE this cafe. This neighborhood was so in need of a wonderful place like this! I have been here on numerous occasions; with my 19 month old son, with my family or after a yoga class. and EVERY single time, it has been fantastic. 

The menu is excellent, I have only had lunch and have really gravitated toward the Your So Keen sandwich (vegan with homemade quinoa patty). amazing. The fresh pressed juices are so good, you will want to come back every day.

The staff really makes the place. They are so kind and friendly, and really helpful picking out selections or just saying hello. And as an upcoming cafe, they are super receptive to feedback, I asked if they have a highchair, and the staff looked at each other and said, oh, hadn't thought of that. I haven't double checked to see if they got one, but loved the fact they were so receptive.

They also carry vegan cupcakes/cookies baked inhouse. To be honest, I haven't tried these because the cupcakes don't look super appealing, but I'm sure I will. The cookies look really good though! 

If you have not been here, you should definitely go. the food is great, staff is amazing and they have lots of vegan options and healthy juice. 

thank you for bringing life back to this little corner!!
First time in PHX, fresh off a flight.  Yelped s.e.e.d. and grabbed a fresh juice and 2 energy bars.  Really friendly people, ccol place too. I would def hang out here, do yoga and spin, and eat and what not if I lived here...
Fresh, tasty food and juices in a great neighborhood.  What's not to like?
Happy Hour is 2:30-4:30 $4 smoothies
The smoothies here are outta this world! We came here three times while in town! The blue giraffe,date with a celb and three month vacay. were the top favorites.
They have some of the best juice in town. $10 for a 24oz is a little pricey for me but I always go back. I've never had the food so 5 stars for the juice!
I recently started coming here to pick up lunch and bring back to the office. I love their juices and their tuna salad is amazing.

It's a little pricey, but well worth it. Can't wait to try more things. Highly recommend this place.
I had already started eating when my coworkers decided to place a to-go from S.E.E.D. cafe. Menu looked good so I opted in for something light. The Tabbouleh was fantastic! I'm gluten free, so loved that it was quinoa rather than bulgur. Very fresh and tasty.
Kicking a bad fast food habit of mine and have finally started to experiment with all this stupid juicing stuff I have heard so much about lately.  Yelp led me to this cafe and wow!  I am impressed.  Fresh, light and DELICIOUSNESS.  I came here for juice but they have so many other healthy options I'll be back to try the rest of the menu!
If you're familiar with the euphemism "drinking the Kool-Aid", that's exactly what I'm doing. This place is super contemporary, super clean, and super fit. The menu can be a little bit intimidating, so I recommend taking a look online before you head in. I got the Clark Kent smoothie, and my only regret is I got the small instead of the large. Guys, they put apple cider vinegar in it. It gave it this incredibly delicious tart taste And I love that I don't feel like I'm drinking ice cream or some kind of Jamba Juice concoction. This is the real deal for healthy juicing and smoothies. You do pay the price, but I kind of feel like it's worth it. I also got the Kale Them with Kindness salad to go aaand I'm pretty excited to eat it for dinner. 

I really enjoyed the atmosphere, and that goes for the people who work there as well. I'm not exactly in the best shape, but I'm trying, and I didn't feel out of place or judged the way some super health places can come across. Bravo.
Spot on.  They have found a great balance between having healthy food but good tasting food.  I have the impression that the chef knows his customer.  They have continued to expand and grow their menu in a calculated not rushed way.  I think this allows each dish to shine.  

I eat there quite often and my other half (who doesn't work out) enjoys the food and always comments "doesn't taste like health food)  I do wish they would ass their Nut Juice from the juice cleanse onto there menu.  

I could see a second location in North Scottsdale doing really well and look forward to my next meal there.
I fell in love with the seed cafe as soon as I parked. The parking lot may be small but as far as parking lots go it's pretty gorgeous. I had the bigger yard smoothie which featured spinach, kale, mango and coconut water. The guys were nice enough to omit the pineapple from my smoothie as oftentimes it's much to acidic for my tummy to handle. My smoothie came out an impressive green color and I loved the texture. Everything about it was perfect.
Shakes are the bomb.com. Tuna tacos in lettuce leaves were fresh, healthy and delicious. Atmosphere is great too, especially the patio.  A little pricey but totally worth it for quality nutrition that makes your mouth happy.
I was lucky enough to have lunch at s.e.e.d after a ridiculously hard hot yoga class next door, and it definitely set me on the right path for my day. My experience there was a total health overload in the best way possible. This place has tons of natural light, a good amount of seating, and so many options for lunch. Salad, sandwiches, juices... take your pick!

As far as the juice goes, the "zinger" is so good. Lemon, romaine, spinach, apple and ginger? Yum! The "naked in public" looked so great too and would be perfect for breakfast. That one's loaded with bananas, blueberries, vanilla protein, and almond milk. If all else fails, you can just make your own and add whatever you'd like.

For lunch, I ordered the Santa Maria sandwich and I would order it 100 times again. It comes with roasted turkey breast, mango jalapeo jam, avocado, brie, and arugula. My co-workers both had salads which they enjoyed very much as well. 

I just glanced at the breakfast menu online and it looks just as impressive as lunch. Oh how I wish I had this place down the street from me! I can't say enough great things about s.e.e.d. Do your body a favor and go get your health fix!
I secretly wish I were a bird quite often, so naturally, s.e.e.d is right up my tree! Not to mention the fact that it's attached to a lovely lovely yoga & spin studio so that you can think about the awesome smoothie, juice or light bite to get you through that workout (hellllllo hot yoga!)

I ordered one of the green juices which was as good as any green juice I've ever had (yes, you can go wrong with these, especially when they make them more like fruit juice with a tiny bit of greens thrown in. Not the case here). Juices come in fairly-priced large and larger sizes and thanks to me indulging in the latter, had barely any room left to attempt eating my lunch, a special quinoa salad that was delicious. All five bites that I could manage. So delicious, I all but cried when I realized I had left it in my colleague's car!

Do check out S.E.E.D ASAP, even if you do n't plan on taking a yoga or spin class beforehand. Great food that does your body a favor!
We come every week after yoga for a delicious Yo Adrian (salad) and Free Spirit (juice with green apple, lemon, ginger, and cayenne). Addicted.
Everything you can ask for and more!  Amazing food, vast fresh pressed juice selection, and the most friendly staff in town.  Seed cafe not only delivers high quality healthy food quickly, but they do it while creating a friendly family-like culture.
I was hungry after church today and yelped a "healthy" lunch spot, and here I was! 

What I tried:
-Santa Maria Sandwich: Simple & fresh Turkey sandwich. The mango jam inside gave it a nice kick. It also came with a small quinoa-type dish called Tabbouleh which was really yummy too. 
-Zinger Juice: Quite the zing! i love spicy foods, but i wasn't expecting this juice to be so spicy. But sip after sip, I enjoyed it more. Energy boost for sure!

I decided to eat-in and do some leisure reading. While doing so, I noticed that all the customers were regulars. They were all on first-name basis with the workers. And once a yoga class was done, seeing all the post-workout Yogi's trickle in with rejuvenated smiles, I couldn't help but notice the friendly vibe all around. Since the cafe is directly connected to the yoga/spin studio in the Improvement Club, this must be super convenient for a post-workout meal. I'll be back to try one of the classes.. as an excuse to try a new Juice/Smoothie :D
This is my kind of food! Healthy yet flavorful and hearty! This little cafe is located within Madison Improvement Club which means that you can grab a meal, snack or juice before or after a class. But don't be confused and think you can only visit if you are taking a class. You can just simply stop in and get a salad or sandwich to-go, or dine in! They also have a wide range of juices, shakes, and veggie drinks. 

I work on the go and this is going to become one of my new favorite places to work from. This is because they have a great outdoor patio that's covered with room to work from. The staff is very friendly and helpful and if you order your food to dine in, they will bring it right to your table. Today I worked from the cafe and enjoyed the delicious Santa Maria which was turkey on toasted wheat bread complete with lettuce, tomato, avocado, brie and the most delicious jalapeno jam! It was huge so I could only eat half and took the rest home to enjoy later. I really liked the sandwich and I look forward to coming back and enjoying the salads and other items off the menu. Speaking of salads, they have them pre-packaged and ready to go so you can literally run in and grab one, buy it and go!
Amazing cafe inside the Madison improvement club! Only open the hours the work out facility is open but the to go salads are amazing. Highly recommend the kale salad. Great gluten free, vegan, vegetarian and paleo options.
I would love to give this shop a better rating as I did enjoy most of what I ordered, however my toast beef sandwich was too soggy and greasy. I thoroughly enjoyed my smoothie and those little bars they sell up front. Delicious!
Not knowing the area very well and missing my juice bar back in OC, I decided to give this this place another go. This time I ordered an apple based juice over ice with mint, lime, ginger and spinach. It was as lovely as it could possible be. I was talked into getting a cheeky spaghetti squash dish and was quite pleased with that as well. Also, never forget the homemade bars sold up front; you can never go wrong with these delightful bites.
I've been here twice, first time I got a juice and second time I got a smoothie. Both were very good. I haven't tried the food yet, but it looks delicious. I like this place but there's just this vibe here- it's kind of like rich people who don't care? I've only been here when it's dead, so maybe they're more lively when it's busy. All I'm saying is, I got more conversation from the TSA agent while she was patting me down. A friendly greeting goes a LONG, long way with me.
Really good, fresh food. The indoor and outdoor seating are both really nice. The place has a really good vibe along with good, quick service. Definitely try this place if your looking to eat healthy or just plain tasty. Try the original Acai bowl.
This my new spot!  I love going around the city check on which cafe will be my next favorite.  First off fresh juice! I love it.  I usually have to go get juice somewhere first and go somewhere else for food.  But here the juice quality matches the food quality.  I had a chicken chorizo egg burrito.  In a tortilla that had been crisped on the flat top and all ingredients tasted so fresh I savored every bite.  And service was fast and friendly. What every question I had the service personnel had a quick answer and gave it with a smile. 
The cafe shares it's place with a spin bike and yoga studio.  There is a lot of history in a very modern renovated building.  They even gave us a tour of the facility.  
Everything was clean. The place smelt great! And the atmosphere is chill!  I am going to come back many more times. I am excited I finally made my way over there. You should too.
The whole wheat tortillas are soft, delicious, and pleasing. Absolutely the best veggie burrito I've ever had and the salsa was about perfect. It was fun to see an employee snipping herbs from their garden. Don't pass over this spot!
Went to S.e.e.d. cafe for the first time today and I was made instantly a fan of the place.  I had their Santa Maria sandwich and Big Yard green smoothie drink.  Both were wonderful and actually the smoothie filled me up enough that I was able to save my sandwich until dinner.  Even hours later it still tasted fantastically amazing.

The place is really easy to find right on the corner with plenty of parking and plenty of seating outside.  On the inside it seems to be a bit cramped but that's okay.

Everything is slightly over priced but I tended to notice that when you're wanting something fresh or healthy for you in general it's more expensive.  The cheaper it gets the more it's filled with chemicals and artificial everything to the point you're not even eating real fruits, veggies, and meats.  So I'm pretty okay with the price.  It's like healthy fast food almost.

I liked the cashier also and the vibe of all the staff. Everyone one was kind and friendly, and there was an atmosphere in the air that felt like everyone knew everyone. Very friendly. It's like Cheers bar on tv, but everything good for you instead of bad.

I'll be going here again and again. Loved it!
WOW WOW WOW!!!! I am absolutely addicted to this spot!!! The Turkado Chavokey is my favorite in the morning!! If you haven't been here, GO NOW
Best tuna sandwich I have ever had! Super friendly staff. The tabbouleh is out of hand! So good!
Wow...A new location and all reviews are 5 Stars.  Albeit only 3 reviews, this is a new location on the Westside (i.e. the best side, throwing up the W!!).  If you read my review of the Eastern location, I too gave them 5 stars.  However, it's easy to dismiss these posts as biased ones since there is so little reviews.  I had to investigate because that's what I do.   

I am a fan of Greens & Proteins and one complaint about them is price.  Most of the items on the menu are pricey and to be honest, don't have much taste either.  Keep in mind, G&P is healthy and that includes you to have an healthy wallet. I'm not a baller by any means, but will splurge when quality proteins is what my body needs.  I also use to have food delivered to my home via "Eat to Grow".  This was pricey too and taste is only for the desirable.  I made my biggest gains on these meals and G&P is no different. 

I've tried their Salmon and Ostrich Burgers in the past.  At this location, I opted to try their Turkey.  You get 8 oz of clean protein and less fat with their Turkey Burger.  This meal is also served with their Jicama fries.  The turkey was pretty good, but the fries is something that made it into the basura with the quickness. After Lent, I will definitely come back for their Filet Mignon.  

I gave the other location 5 stars, but had to drop this location to 4 stars.  This G&P is more spacious, but missing that ambiance that the Eastern location has. Great people watching at the Eastern location.  Because this location is new, the staff is also new.  Knowledge is power and a newbie staff can mean weakness.  When I order at places like this, I like to know how much the servings are like protein count, total ounces, etc.  The staff actually had to go to the back and ask.  They also didn't know if they served fat-free ranch.  I know, I'm just getting picky but these are the things most health driven restaurants would know.  I'm sure by the next visit, they'll be more prepared. Thus, I will probably up their rating back to 5 stars. 

Still a fan of Greens and Protein.  Don't be surprised if you see multiple check in's from me at this joint.  This is a new and more spacious location.  I'm sure within the next couple of months, the word will be out and the ambiance will mimic what the Eastern location provides.
Been to the G & P on eastern also by the lvac. Came to this one last week to give it a try. The shopping center that its located in is practically dead. the only thing opened next to G & P is a tanning salon and a zabas, everything is closed or empty. 

Upon entering you can see the inside is actually really nice. I think it actually looks better than the one on eastern. The menu is pretty clear and precise. It ranges from green juices, green smoothies and then your food items. All the food items i would say are healthy, you can even get gluten free items or protein style for your burgers if you want.

I ordered from the create your own menu. Basically you pick a protein, 1 side and a grain and your choice of sauce. I picked bison patty for my protein and sauteed spinach, and grilled onions for my sides instead of getting a grain. I also ordered a wellness drink.

The bison patty was cooked as ordered it didn't strike me as anything amazing. It was kind of bland and dry. I'm assuming it was bland because it was healthier. The spinach and the onions tasted exactly as they should nothing special but was expected. The wellness drink was actually my favorite of all the items ordered it tasted really good for all the green vegetables in it. It was actually really sweet so i think they probably put more juice in it to mask the vegetable taste.

Overall place isn't bad but nothing special. One thing I must warn you about is, it is extremely overpriced! Looking at the prices i was surprised they charged so much for vegetables you can buy and make a whole weeks worth for the price the same price. 

Side note: there are also a lot of jacked up guys and girls in yoga pants that stop in because the LVAC is right next to it. So if you want to sit in and people watch it is a good place to do that.
Greens and Proteins caters to a very specific, narrow market, and I'm not it. Don't get me wrong - I love (and make) pure, clean, and healthy foods. However, I will not pay the extravagant cost they demand for it. I think they truly embody every positive and negative stereotype of Whole Foods: they're healthy, expensive, and not really the tastiest.

The place itself is brand new and extremely clean. I think I felt a little healthier just walking in. Ordering is pretty straightforward, and nothing is too cryptic. In catering to this particular market, every ingredient is often laid out for dietary needs. Big plus, and definitely necessary. As you can read in some reviews, discerning people want what they want and do not want to be mislead. Many people don't care what they put in their bodies, but the people that do will be coming to G&P.

I'll probably be back at least one more time to try more things, but my experience lies in their Thai yellow curry soup and a grilled veggie wrap. The soup was a lot like baby food. Seriously. You will feel like an infant. And it's definitely an American taste on what Thai culture calls curry. The veggie wrap was exactly that. Vegetables wrapped in the most perfect lettuce leaf I've ever seen. Served with jicama "fries," aka raw jicama sliced to look like fries, I was left wanting. But hey, if this is your diet, this is your haven.

Personally, I'd rather make the drive down to Charleston to go to Whole Foods. The variety is much greater, prices are lower, purity is the same, dietary needs are catered to, and you can do your grocery shopping afterwards. But again, I'll be stopping in one more time before I close the books on G&P.
Newer restaurant to the area, I had to try since their motto is "Healthy". 
I had the skinny chef salad with Ranch dressing - good salad for lunch. I got the small portion, I can only imagine how large the large portion is, so really impressed with the sizes. I'll definitely be going back to try more of the food and the juices. 
I do like the fact that instead of sugar, the sweetener choice for the juices is Agave Nectar. Not quite paleo, but a better option than sugar. 
My only comment is I wish they had a grass-fed burger and organic veggie options.
Well... I seem to have forgotten that healthy things don't taste as good as deep fried not healthy things.  

I stopped by on my lunch because I wanted a smoothie to sip on throughout the afternoon at work.  When I walked in, I immediately liked the environment.  Everything was open and clean.  There was only one person in front of me, who was finishing paying.  She and the man behind the register were having a friendly conversation... that continued for quite some time and in to the time where she was waiting for her food.  I was only slightly annoyed since I was on a time constraint.

I ended up ordering the Green Leaf Berry Blast with soy because it sounded both delicious and tasty.  Upon receiving it, I was surprised at its brownish color (which later understandably turned green due to the veggies in it).   My first sip was a shocker... I was not a fan.  I drink soy milk all the time in replacement of regular milk.  There was just a taste that reminded me of liquid Maalox.  I honestly think that my choice on the menu was just a poor one and I would have been better off with a juice.  Next time, I will definitely opt for one of those.  I feel bad that I wasted over $8, but I've definitely learned my lesson!
The points are for the effort. Otherwise, bland, overpriced and misleading. They blend their 'juices' and put sweetener in everything. Pretty gross. The 'veggie parm' is just spaghetti squash (instead of noodles), marinara and cheese (vegan available), no veggies at all, for $9. The 'make your own meal' thing is bland and comes with a tiny container of sauce. We gave them a couple tries because they were the only vegetarian place around where we stayed, but next time we'll just drive further or order veggie options from a thai place or something.
I have been meaning too get this off my bookmark tonight finally did. I always heard about the location on the opposite end of world for me. Once learned about there newest location excited about chance too get my Greens and Proteins on. I no means hardcore comes too healthy eating but generally try all my meals healthy. Truly is no place better in Vegas comes too healthy menu. Literally they breakdown the calories on just about every menu item. Offer Build Your Own Custom Meal pick your proteins, greens, grains, and sauces. Again they have everything broken down too calories. It was my first time daunting too pick choose as my first taste. I kind of in the mood of burger so went with the Ostrich Burger and try so got the 7 Vegetable Broccoli Cheese Soup. 

The soup was good. It nothing Wow factor but overall solid soup. It nice creamy base soup but had nice thickness and full body with the cheese (assume cheddar they use. The color really nice. Times order any vegetable soup not have that vibrant or look like vegetable. Soup was right on. Nice HOT!!

The Ostrich Burger was delicious. I believe one first times having it. It lean meat. So thinking might be dried out but still moist and had nice flavor. The garnishes of lettuce and tomatoes really fresh looking added too my burger. The sides lot too choose from but went with the fried tofu. I scared at first. I enjoy tofu but not seasoned right just bland. The fried tofu was hit for me. It had nice seasonings on the outside and enjoy the aioli dipping sauce for them. They also offer Bison as protein. I see that in my future...

They cook everything too order so takes time but very much worth the wait. The only thing not fan of is the interior is REALLY boring. I understand still relatively new but plain white walls all around and not much of vibe inside. It loses appeal waiting but once you get your food more then MAKES up for it. It kind of pricey menu. Still not going too hold me back try more of the menu.
Their food and smoothies are great to have after a good workout!! Their fruits/veggies are fresh not frozen!! :) I actually had to ask them to remake my smoothie because it was kind of runny - but the second one they remade for me was perfect!
I saw this on my way into Zabbas last week and mentally bookmarked this place.  I am always down to try a new place that is supposedly healthy.   Wow, was I surprised.  In the first 48 hours I had eaten here for lunch, dinner and lunch again!

Walking into the place was a little daunting.  This place was so busy that there was literally a line out the door.  All the tables were filled and we were worried we'd have nowhere to sit.  This place is very hectic loud like a high school cafeteria!   The floors are nicely tiled, the tables are high end wood, as are the chairs.  There are booths along a window that, if one can grab, are pretty comfortable to sit at.

The menu consists of Breakfast items (until 11am), Soups, Salads, Pizzas, BURGERS and Wraps/Sandwiches.  Calorie Counts are next to their popular items!  To drink, there is your standard coke fountain with a dedicated dispenser for WATER.  :)

The place is very busy, but still manages to be clean.  There are no trashcans in sight, you just leave your table and the staff quickly cleans up after you.

The first time out I ordered the Ostrich Burger with Swiss Cheese and Tofu Fries.  Despite the cost of being over $15 for my order, it was delicious and I felt it was well worth it.  The burger was a tiny bit dry, but delicious nonetheless.  Burgers come with the standard lettuce, tomato and onion.  The tofu fries were unique.  I wasn't impressed at first but I later realized it was because the fries weren't cooked all the way and it was still squishy in the middle.  This meal I would rate a 8 out of 10.

Later that night I came back again and the place seemed to be less busy.  This time I ordered the Turkey Wrap with bacon and a spinach tortilla and Jicama fries (it's like eating a raw apple sliced up like fries).  Absolutely DELICIOUS!  I loved it - I was very impressed.

On to my next meal here at lunch:  This time I ordered the Bison Burger Swiss cheese, medium rare with Jicama Fries.  The burger was just the right amount of juicy absolutely incredible.   Where else can you eat a burger like this guilt free?  I also ordered a Green Leaf Berry Blast shake with almond milk.  It was very good and satisfied my cravings for fresh fruit.

Be warned, however.  Buying a shake with one of their meals is like eating two meals in one.  I was completely stuffed by the end of my visit.

Today for lunch I ordered the Turkey Burger with Swiss and half Jicama fries, half tofu fries.  To drink I got the Apple Pie Smoothie with Almond milk.  I was impressed with the burger.  Very juicy and tasty.  The Jicama fries are spot on.  Just like eating an apple again and served raw with paprika.  The Tofu fries this time however was even better than I remembered.  This is because they were actually cooked all the way through.  If I can get tofu fries prepared like this again, I think Jicama is in trouble!  On the other hand, the Apple Pie Smoothie left more to be desired. I am not a fan of this.

I am sure to visit again to try the Bison Wrap with Spinach tortilla.  My friends have all been getting it, but before I settle into my "norm" i wanted to try as much as possible here.  If my norm is the bison wrap, so be it. :) 

This place has definitely earned a solid top entry for my work lunch rotation.

I am only giving four stars for a simple reason: the guy that took my order at the register the past two times doesn't seem very friendly at all. Not a smile; not even a forced smile - it's like I'm bothering him when ordered.  On top of that, I don't EVER get a receipt from him or even offered a water cup.  The other guy, who appears to be either a manager or owner is very friendly and helpful.

Other suggestions to the owners if you are reading: You need more tables and seating - It appears the suite next to you is empty, consider expanding. :)
this place is a little pricey, but everything is healthy and fresh. cant go wrong with the Wellness Drink as a post workout!
THis has been on my list for a while but rarely do I get to this side of town. I liked it! I'll be back, let's break it down

Atmosphere: Clean, well lighted,,, I felt healthy walking in. Smells fresh.  Basic seating set up.  I went at 11:30 Saturday and it was not too crowded,, people there but not too much.

Food: That's what you're here for right? The best description again is,,, clean.  Seems to me that it's all natural organic type food.  I've had burgers, Avocado/Crab cups, and some of the drinks.  Burgers are surprisingly juicy, and I'm looking to try some of the salads next time.

Drink: Note the smoothies are like a meal so you probably don't want that AND a full meal unless you are splitting.   The juices are all very nice and clean.  Favourite is the Wellness drink.

Price: For what it is,,  a little expensive,, a juice and any meal will be twenty.  One of the other Yelpers claimed it was the Whole Foods of restaurants and I think its a great comparison.

Miscellaneous: One of the few places I can think of that put calorie counts.
While this place is fine and technically proficient, I was not wowed or amazed by my meal, and for the price, I would not come back here again.  I did the make your own meal where you pick a protein, a "green", a "grain" and a sauce.  The chicken was done well and was juicy, the quinoa was a bit on the al dente side for me, but again was fine, and avocado is avocado.  What I did not care for was how they served it.  It was on a large plate, with everything separate and not touching.  I felt like someone who had OCD fixed the plate.  I would've preferred a bowl where I could mix the things together with the sauce, since quinoa isn't exactly easy to get on a fork with chicken and avocado already on it.  Quinoa is also rather bland by itself.

I also got the Thai Ginger soup, which was more like a thick yellow curry with nothing in it.  I love ginger, and couldn't really taste it in this soup, which was disappointing to me, as it's the reason I ordered it.

I would honestly give this place 2.5 stars, more on the lines of "meh" than A-ok, and that's mainly because the service here was decent and the people working behind the counter were nice and helpful.  I would honestly rather go to the Sweet Tomatoes down the street as it's about the same cost depending on what you order.
My husband and I stopped here on our way home to California and I fell in love!
They have a fantastic menu full of good for you food!
I wanted to badly to eat something, but I had eaten about an hour before I went but we did want juice.
I got a ginger limeade and it was fantastic! 
Only reason I gave 4 not 5 stars is that it's a bit pricey, but with what they use I get it.
Next time I am in Vegas I will definitely be going back!
I will say that they do what they do well. However, I'm not a health nut, so this review is from the perspective of a guy that has never stepped inside of a Whole Foods.

The atmosphere is bright and inviting. It just looks healthy. Almost like a Jamba Juice, but in restaurant form. The menus are clear and displayed nicely above the registers on a few flat screens.

I ordered the bison cheese steak on a wheat wrap. It comes with a side of tofu fries or jicama fries. I went with the tofu. The wrap wasn't bad. It tasted like a ground beef wrap. The tofu fries were surprisingly good. However, I'm a tofu fan, so take that with a grain of salt. My coworker on the other hand hates the tofu fries.  I wish there was an option to order something unhealthy here. Just because I want a healthy entree doesn't necessarily mean I want a healthy side too. I should be able to get artery clogging potato french fries with my healthy ostrich burger. I shouldn't be limited to an all or nothing healthy meal.

My coworkers love this place, so inevitably I'll be here again. I would never come here on my own though. I don't like paying a premium for anything, even if it is organic and healthy. On the bright side, the female eye candy was solid.
Finally, a taste of heaven on the WEST-Sideeeee! ;) 

*The bison burger wrap is all that and then some. (Ask for 1/2 jicama and 1/2 tofu fries)

*The chef skinny salad is the perfect combination of greens and proteins, topped with an amazing dressing.

*Berry blast and wellness drinks are a meal in one, perfect for breakunch. (Breakfast-lunch combination) 

Keep up the consistent work, G&P's!
If your a 110 lbs women or not very hungry this might be the place for you , if you don't mind paying $12 for a sub mediocre salad leaving hungry ,this might be the place for you as well .  I'm not either .  I went there after working out and I was starving, i figured I'd have a nice healthy salad. I ordered the large Albacore Salad , the guy at the front said it was good ,  when I opened it I almost peed my pants , it was 5 pieces of bibb lettuce , 2 cherry tomato's , a scoop of canned tuna and Dijon mustard (not mustard dressing) this was the large too , 
Generally I like to go to a place more then once to give an open minded review, but I'm not sure if I could bring myself back to give it another chance. The Daily Wellness is a much better place !
Vegan, gf & raw! So excited! 
THOSE WITH CELIAC'S/GLUTEN INTOLERANCE BE CAREFUL: see below

I was very excited to discover this chain had opened up on the southwest part of town. They are ingeniously located near LVAC, making it easy to get a healthy recovery meal after your workout. We ordered: Pumpkin spice chai latte, veggie garden burger, and bison burger. Total after tip= $38.10 (we took our food to go). A little on the high end $$$. Our food came out pretty quickly, but our smoothie took longer than expected. I was hoping to get that first and sip on that as an appetizer while we waited for our food. I don't know if they forgot about our smoothie or was just slow on making it. I did notice however, people after me get their drink before me, they also knew him on a first name basis and gave him the extra out of the blender in a separate cup. They should treat everyone as if they are a regular. Talk about not making me feel special. 

~Pumpkin Chai Tea Latte; Chai Tea, Pumpkin, Green Cabbage, Carrots, Butternut Squash, Flax Seeds, Ginger, Cinnamon, Nutmeg, Walnuts, Agave Nectar. This was really good and very filling. Although the cabbage was pronounced, the smoothie was well balanced and tasted raw (the way I like it).

~Bison burger w/ jicama fries; choice of swiss or cheddar cheese, lettuce tomato and onion on a whole grain bun. He wished he got it with cheddar rather than swiss. "Jicama fries" are just sliced jicama lightly seasoned with what looks/tastes paprika. 

*Veggie garden burger; I was extremely excited because I'm a sucker for alfalfa sprouts. I asked the cashier if the veggie patty was gluten free, as I have had a difficult time finding a veggie patty that does not use "wheat gluten" as a binder. He asked someone on the cooking line, who I assume was a manager, and he said "yes, it's gf, the patty is soy based protein" I took their word for it and gambled the risk. Sure enough I think the veggie patty is glutenous so BEWARE to those with celiac's/gluten intolerance. I got sick, as I do from eating or cross-contaminating with gluten/wheat. I have yet to bring my concern to the attention of the staff. Moving forward, the burger was eh-okay. My gluten free bun was hard (it's difficult to get a soft, buoyant bun using gluten free flour, especially if you're taking your item to go. In the future I will dine in. I ordered my burger with tofu fries. I was told that they dust the tofu blocks with rice flour and fry it in corn oil, so the oil should not be a point of cross contamination, as there isn't anything else with regular flour going into the oil. My burger came with the sprouts, bibb lettuce, tomato, and red onion. I also added vegan cheese, it's shredded.

We also added avocado to our sandwiches ($0.75/burger) for a quarter of an avocado (rip off). I don't mind paying extra for modifications, but make it worth my while and not be so skimpy! At least give me a half an avocado for that price, so that I can have it in every bite as opposed to just half my burger. I was charged extra for vegan cheese, again this would be fine, but there was less than a teaspoon sprinkled on my burger, with a $1.00 up-charge.

Although the food is pricey, it's raw, healthy, and typically quick, right up my alley. I will be back because there is not many others around like this and to inform them of my gf veggie patty concerns. There are just a few "tweeks" they need to adjust before they get the 5th star from me.I hope they properly label their menu on their website and physical menu so gluten free & vegan items are clearly marked. Just remember they do not operate out of a certified gluten free kitchen, but it seems that for the most part they handle issues like cross contamination okay.

Service was exceptional. There was a constant line (with one cashier) at 3:00pm. He was very nice and patient with me since I had a lot of questions.
5 Stars and I didn't even eat here... HAHAHA 
Came here Saturday evening because my boyfriend wanted something healthy and yummy.. I've had this place bookmarked forever and wanted to give it a go.. The only thing is I'm doing a detox which means no food so I just went with him to watch him eat and take big whiffs of his food LOL It is located right by LVAC on Flamingo/215 which is the perfect location for it. Everyone eating at G&P looks like either they just worked out, are about to work out or like they love working out.. Very healthy, clean and fresh feel to the place. You order at the counter and someone brings your food out to you. Everything on the menu looks so good and I love how they have the calorie count for everything. 

My man ordered: 
_The build your own protein plate with chicken breast ($9.99,) broccoli, cous cous and bbq sauce- I thought it was going to be a small portion but it was more than enough and it looked delicious~
_Hummus plate ($5.99) - comes with plain hummus and roasted pepper hummus, served with soft pita and crunchy lavosh~
_Green Shake Smoothie ($7.50) - I love how they don't add sugar to their smoothies... This smoothie in particular is over 600 calories though!!! But it is loaded with all the good stuff. I had some sips of this.. It's very rich & creamy and definitely would a great meal replacement! 

My bf said everything was very tasty and he had plenty left over..The prices are actually very reasonable compared to other "healthy" places and they cater to vegan, raw, gluten free and HCG diets! The service was great here too! Especially the guy who brought the food out.. Even though the silverware is self-serve by the fountain drinks he offered to go get them for my boyfriend and checked up on us a couple times~ 

I can't wait to actually eat here!!! aghhhhhh
Great place to load up on protein or eat clean. It is pricey for the portion you get but their offerings are one of a kind! They offer bison, ostrich, your traditional chicken, and tofu. This is my second time at g&p but my first at this location. Its super hip and it's also a great place for your lunch break or catch up on work. 

I ordered their bison cheese steak on a spinach wrap which is about 600+ calories for $10.99. It also comes with their yummy tofu fries and dipping sauce! The cheese steak is delish and the bison is super lean. Bison is just naturally full in flavor so if you're looking for a good manly meat that's lean but tastes like cow (mmoooo) go bison! I also ordered their white chocolate veggiechino which is 500+ calories for $6.99. I chose the almond milk (you can choose the option of soy or Almond milk) it was pretty delish with grains of grinded up coffee bean. If you're looking for a big caffeine kick I would not bet that the veggiechino will be a good pick me up especially if you're a coffee drinker. But as a sweet milky treat. I think it's a good choice. 

My meal summed up to $20 for myself. It is a bit pricey but if it's just one of those clean eating going out to lunch days I say go for it but I would only drop in occasionally if I'm in the mood. I just think their price does equal the value in portion for me.
I am on a new road to healthier eating and this is a great place to go to for a smoothie or a light meal. I tried the Green Shake and I am hooked! I also ordered some broccoli soup, hummus/pita, and a Margherita pizza with the Vegan option. The shake was refreshing,filling, and delicious. The food however was just not my style. I saw other people enjoying their meals. I would say nothing was wrong with the food at all. It was made fresh and with good looking ingredients. I just think as of now, I'm more on a juicing/smoothie kick. The open plan of the kitchen was nice to be able to see your food being made in front of you. I liked the modern and clean look of the decor. There was a large patio to enjoy the spring/fall seasons here in Vegas. 
My only gripe.. the noise level!
Bring earplugs. When they get those blenders going... It's LOUD!!
Customer service is non existent! We were there to try their smoothies and salads which judging by their prices we were going to spend some dough (I have to agree they are overpriced).  The person in front of us had an inactive loyalty card? Let me reiterate this was NOT a payment card so there really was no emergency. We waited and waited and waited and not ONE of the many workers (many who were just standing there watching) had the foresight to just take our order and then have us pay when they were done dealing with the travesty of an INACTIVE LOYALTY CARD!!!! Ahhhh!!!! ..... We finally decided to just walk out.
I love the fast casual/quality food/healthy food concept. The execution can be a bit spotty and the food, while decent, won't make you forget about all the unhealthy (and more delicious) alternatives around town. The BBQ pizza was ok, but the crust was too soft and doughey. The bison cheesesteak wrap was good but I couldn't help but fantasize about biting into a real Philly cheesesteak while eating it. The girl behind the counter raved about the tofu fries but I wasn't a fan. I've never been much of a tofu fan and the fries failed to convert me.

My favorite part of their menu is the "Build your own custom meal" where you pick a protein, grain, green, and sauce of your choosing. It's perfect for when you want a quick meal, don't feel like cooking, and aren't in the mood for traditional fast food. The pork tenderloin with the balsamic reduction was good, but the portabello mushroom was overcooked. Portion sizes are on the small side so don't expect to walk away full. 

There may be some drawbacks to this place, but it's still a good option for a quick meal.
I would like to add that the owner did contact me to apologize and I very much respect that. It's a credit to his professionalism that he would extend an apology and ensure that he will address my complaint with his staff. Very appreciated.  
Thank you!
Great food and great service - awesome waxing salon next door I usually get my brows done while they blend my smoothie. Greens and proteins have all options for breakfast lunch and dinner as well as snacks and smoothies - no more excuses for fast food! Prices are a bit on the high side but who can put a price on health.
Clean, bright, and nice. I will return to enjoy the healthy variety. You can chose from many of the menu protein drinks or create your own. This restaurant is a great place to eat that won't give you indigestion or undermine good health.
Had the summer berry salad with chicken and it was delicious! My only complaint is that the large salad was not that large and $16 so it is a bit pricey but everything on the menu looked so good, I can't wait to try more!
I have recently found myself on a low-carb, high protein kick.  For that reason, I thought Greens and Proteins would be right up my alley.  I visited their Green Valley location and found the food to be a healthy alternative, but a little on the pricey side compared to other restaurants that offer similar fare (Rachel's Kitchen, Daily Wellness, etc).

About a week later I decided to give the Greens and Proteins location at Flamingo and the 215 a try and I was greatly disappointed.  The service was very slow and when I brought the issue to the manager's attention his reaction was trite and condescending.  He did nothing to rectify the situation and told me I had no reason to complain.  When I went to eat my to-go order, an ostrich burger lettuce wrap, I found it was topped with a rotten avocado and it was missing the turkey bacon I ordered.  

For the price point (my meal was $18) I found the service and quality to be lacking.  On the upside, after reading another negative Yelp! review of this establishment, I found a great nearby "healthy alternative" restaurant that I will be returning to for sure.
Paid my first visit to Greens and Proteins for a healthy bite to eat after a not so healthy day of eating. I ordered an order of the chicken satay and had managed to snag a few bites of my man's teriyaki chicken wrap. I wanted to try their smoothies or juices, but I convinced myself to settle with their complimentary cucumber water to drink. Frankly, I couldn't justify paying more for juice than I paid for my entre. (Huge cheapo moment). 

I enjoyed my satay as it was a good amount of skewers and actually tasted like I had ordered them from a Thai restaurant. The wrap was okay... lacked a little flavor as I couldn't taste any sauce, but it wasn't bad. I liked the tofu fries I ordered along with it. 

One of the best parts was seeing all the pre/post workout LVAC members who entered and exited as we ate. This not only gave me more motivation to get my booty in the gym, but also showed that this business was thriving and providing great, healthy options for those in town. I love seeing a place with active "regulars." 

On my next visit, I hope not to be too cheap to not try the juices and smoothies. :)
Love love love this place!!! Its the perfect place to start eating healthier and transitioning yourself into a healthier lifestyle. My "go to" is a create your own, where u pick a protein, a green, a grain, & a sauce. If I'm splurging I go with the gluten free BBQ chicken pizza. I myself have Celiac disease (gluten intolerance) and have to be very picky about where & what I eat; its nice that the staff is well educated on which items, including sauces & dressing, fit my food requirements. Also, staff is very friendly! Can't wait to see this place grow more and more popular!
Green and Proteins has great, ridiculously healthy food. For real - I didn't know it was possible to make some of the things they offer in such low calorie ways. I've tried a few different juices and a few different food items, and it's all been great. I'd eat here all the time if it wasn't so expensive (for me, personally). To get a fancy drink and a meal will cost you about $12-15, which is middle-ground pricing around the city, but I consider coming here more of a splurge. The two locations are each far from the heart of Vegas, but it's worth stopping in if you're in the neighborhood!
I love the food. Only negative.... Can take a while to get your food. they just opened, a great place after a work out.
So far, I have only come in here for breakfast, but I have loved everything I'ved tried! This place is right by the gym so the location is very convenient. I've gotten the oatmeal with bananas, cinnamon, raisins. The mulitgrain protein pancakes and granola french toast have to be my favorites. I loved the turkey sausage and egg whites. The portions are pretty big, which I like because I can share with someone or take the rest home. I love the Berry Blast smoothie which is nice when I'm on the go and can't sit down to eat. I can stop in and just grab a smoothie. I have been here quite a few times and I notice that sometimes the food can take about 15-20 minutes to come out, even when I only have one entree for myself. Other than that, the staff is very nice, the place is clean, and the food is tasty!
Always great...Very busy but worth the wait.
They have some of my favorites- the greek scramble is my absolute favorite breakfast item on Earth. I also get the low-carb caesar salad on the regular! However I recently had the 7 cheese vegetable broccoli soup and I was pretty disappointed. It was extremely bland. So food-wise, I would say they are kind of hit and miss.

The staff are always very kind and polite. They get busy in the afternoon, so I usually place an order on the phone and then pick it up to avoid the wait.
If I'm completely depleted after a workout and the thought of making a green smoothie or cooking breakfast makes me even more tired, you'll find me here picking up a Green Shake with Almond Milk. You can also see them cutting up fresh fruit and veggies in between orders. I have yet to venture out into their other drinks, but I did recently try their Breakfast Burrito that definitely fueled me post-workout. I know a lot of people say this place is over-priced, but healthy ingredients are generally pricier and what you are really paying for is the convenience and knowing/seeing your food is freshly prepared. And......they have packets of Cholula for to-go!
Glad to c another restaurant with some raw food options.  Would be nice if they had some fresh pressed green juices and some raw salad options.
Yummo! Very fresh green juice and a huge portion of it.
The foods great and It's great to see vegan options on the menu, but recently when I called in my order of a veggiechino smoothie (delicious!) I was told it would be ready in 5 mins, when I got there to pick up my order it wasn't ready and I ended up waiting 20 mins before I left smoothie-less and disappointed. The foods really really great, they just need a little work on their customer service.
This is my new favorite spot in Las Vegas for a healthy quick bite! I heard about this place from a friend and I have been addicted ever since. 

What I order:
- Turckey Burger plain wrapped in a Lettuce shell. It is amazing, low cal and low carb.
- Tofu fries. They taste like cheese sticks! SOO good. I dont care for the Jicama fries, skip those unless you are on an ultra healthy kick. 
- Cup for water. This is a MUST. They have free cucmber infused water, it tastes wonderful. 
- Juice. The ginger limeade is my favorite! It is under 200 calories and packed with healthy fruits and veggies! i neer imagined I would crave a green juice, but it tastes sooo good! It is the perfect consistancy to drink and stays cold long enough to enjoy it. 

Best part: This place is packed with healthy people all the time! So if you are like me and need some insiping to get your soft butt to the gym, check this place out to eat! There are lots of HOT guys (and girls) to check out. They also have wifi so I can yelp. 

Make sure you check in to get a dollar off a juice/smoothie :)

Only downfall, it is slightly pricy. If you are on a Jr. Bacon Cheese diet, this isnt your place. But remember, spinach, tofu and fruits arent cheap to buy.
Courteous staff and an owner who "loves" food.  Food that is both delicious and nutritious
Breakfast, lunch and dinner are served here. Each of these meals are healthy, clean, and tasty. The prices are not cheap but definitely worth it.
You come here for a reason...lifestyle food that is not available at most places.  It is no coincidence that it is located next to LVAC.  Greens and Proteins has lots of high protein meats, low-fat options, vegetarian options, vegan options, good grains, and gluten free options to fit several lifestyle diets.

I am a fan of their buffalo meat steak & cheese wrap and their green shake specifically, but if you're looking for the types of food offered here it is easy to find something on the menu.  They also provide caloric and fat content info on their menu.

Don't come here if you are not into lifestyle food.  It will most likely disappoint.  There are plenty of tasty items for all types of eater, but you're paying a little more here because of the type of food.  Also, several of the healthy options are a bit bland...ie jicama fries.  It is still a solid place that is filling a niche and doing it pretty well.
Came here around 1030 in the morning to grab lunch on my way to work. I ordered the turkey club sandwich with turkey bacon and it took 15 minutes, there was literally one other person in the restaurant  I dont know if 15 minutes was really effecient for a 98% cold sandwich but fresh somehow translates to slow service. Ive heard the smoothies are great and several people came in while I was waiting and got their smoothies and were gone. Maybe Ill try one in the future but the sandwich was underwhelming and not worth a $9 price tag.
You know...I'm really not sure what to really rate Greens and Proteins. I like it, it's different...but then again...I'm not too big of a fan. Maybe I need to go here more than once...but with the prices..maybe not. =/

Anyways...my boyfriend and I wanted to start eating healthier. We're not health freaks but we don't want to become obese one day either. He heard about this place through his co workers. The thought of "making your own meal" intrigued him so we were willing to give it a try. We walked in knowing their prices were on the higher end side.

We both decided to get the "make your own meal" plate. To sum it up, PORTIONS ARE SMALL. It was actually perfect for me because I get full easily anyways but for all you "big eaters"...be warned. This MAY NOT fill you up. Yes, it IS a healthy restaurant afterall. Yes, the whole point in small portions is because it is healthy for you. But I'm just saying....
 It may fill me up but PERSONALLY, it still left something for me to desire.

We also got two drinks. He got that green drink (sorry forgot the name of it but I've seen a lot of Yelpers get it) and I got the berry antioxidant smoothie. They tasted different...but a good different. Man....after drinking this, it puts Jamba Juice and Tropical Smoothie to shame. Greens and Proteins smoothie drinks tasted natural and healthy. You can tell it has natural ingredients and fresh fruits and veggies...unlike all the other sugar and crap that maybe be in Jamba and Tropical.

So why 3 stars and not a higher rating? 
-2 stars for the price. It seriously pays to be healthy. =/ I think with 2 drinks and 2 meals ran our bill to $30+ ....for that price, we could have went to Cheesecake Factory lol 

Will we be back? Ehh....maybe...
I'm a huge fan! I haven't had a bad thing there. Healthy fast food, who could ask for more. Build your own in my favorite. You pick a meat, veggie, grain and sauce. Also the green shake add protein is one of the many great smoothies they have. I'm there at least 4 times a week! It's a must!
Stopped by today for the first time . I had the Chocolate Veggiechino.  It was delicious. I love that they use all natural ingredients. I would suggest this Cafe to anyone looking for a healthy alternative.
Tried something off the HCG menu.  It was Good.  I look forward to trying other items.  Very clean and nice atmosphere.
Monkey come for veggie juice!

Found a tasty  GREEN SHAKE filled with veggies and fruits.  The Mrs makes veggie smoothies at home, and while Monkey away, filling that healthy void can be a challenge.  Thank you Greens & Proteins!!!  

Looking forward to next visit to try other options...
I stopped at the one on Flamingo for the first time yesterday and took forever to decide what I wanted.  I asked the gal at the counter for suggestions and one of hers was the summer salad.  I ordered a small one with chicken and it was absolutely delicious and very large portion.  I will definitely come back.
Great location here in the same plaza as LVAC. The food is average pricing, but I think the drinks are a bit pricey (over $8 for a juice drink)... but I guess with the quality ingredients, it can be expensive to be healthy, right? Got the Wellness drink (can't remember the exact name) and at first I wasn't a fan, but it tasted better with each sip, plus super healthy. They do have a good menu with drinks, breakfast options, and wraps/sandwiches/etc.
I've eaten here a couple of times and I'm happy to see healthier options popping up around the Las Vegas Valley. I like coming here when I'm craving for burgers because they have Bison meat which tastes great! I've also had their Philly Cheesesteak as well which is equally delicious. The last time I was here I had their flatbread pizza it was pretty tasty. 

I do love this concept but I wish they would give you a choice of a side salad instead of Jicama strips. I only like Jicama with hot sauce and vinegar. I also wish they would blend their drinks a little better. I ordered a green drink and a peeling or something got stuck in my throat.  It wasn't pleasant but before that the drink was good! I'm sure this was just a freak accident.
I will never eat here again! The cheese and broccoli soup was very running and hand little flavor. The hummus was worst very bland and no flavor. It tasted like an old rag. The cost was pricy. I get that you are paying for health but it would be far cheaper to buy some chicken , brown rice, and kale, put nothing on it and cook it! This is a fad but an expensive one!
The meal was good. There wasn't really any Wow factor to this place. It felt like a brighter and healthier Panera Bread Cafe. The person who took our order was knowledgable but lacked personality. I don't expect it when I go, but of all the vegan places I've been to in Vegas and outside of Vegas(with the exception of Go Raw Cafe), the owner or chef would come out from the kitchen and ask how everything is. It's a nice unexpected gesture. 

Pros: Vegan friendly, bright decor

Cons: Lacks friendliness and personal interaction with customers 

Tip for Greens and Proteins: 
Experience Veggie House in China Town vs Go Raw Cafe in Henderson for both the food, but most especially the comparison of service. During this visit, the service was more so like Go Raw.
Wellness drink my absolute fav!!! I tried the veggie burger & although it is made fresh...it was a little dry. Needs some hummus or some type of cilantro pesto something....overall I'm a fan!
Very good. Wellness drink is refreshing and French toast is hearty, sweet, and delicious. Big portion. Definitely not "fast food" meaning your gonna wait 10 minutes for food. Could use another location in Highlands Ranch!
Definitely a fan and will be making this a daily occurrence while in town.  Tried the Green Smoothie & Straight to the Heart both are great!
Unique blend of healthy and tasty all in one location.  Try it... You'll like it!
This is definitely one of my favorite health food places in Vegas! I'm really big in to health and fitness, and this place definitely meets the needs of health freaks, while also giving some more indulgent options as well. No matter what I always order the Wellness Drink every time I go. SO AMAZING and packed with fresh delicious ingredients. If you're a green juice person, this is the drink for you! I also usually always order their barbecue chicken pizza. The crust is amazing, the thin crust and the gluten free, I've had both, and the sauce and flavor is just incredible and the pizza only has 320 cals! How awesome. I have also had one of their wraps, forget the name but it's packed with a ton of vegetables and comes with tofu fries. So delicious, except I would say that the asparagus in the wrap was just a little too crunchy for me and kind of threw off the texture of the rest of it. I also have been to the Henderson location many times, and I must say this location just does it was better! The shape of their pizza is better and the taste of their smoothie was amazing.. but overall.. LOVEEE greens and proteins! definitely go if you have the chance! you won't regret it!!
I've eaten here a few times and it has been good and healthy every time. I like that I can have a hearty, good meal and stay within a decent calorie range. This morning I had the egg white with turkey sausage and tofu fries. I love the tofu fries- they are fab! They play good music in here too:)
Amazing place...healthy shouldn't taste this good! The staff was very friendly and explained all the small details I needed to make the best dining choice I have made in a while...keeper!
This place has great vegan options for food and drinks. It's good quality, healthy, and tasty! It is pretty efficiently run as well, do they don't keep you waiting long even if it gets busy.
I've eaten here a couple time's great fresh tasting food and very healthy.
the Low Carb Caesar Salad With Grilled Chicken Breast is the best salad i've ever had.
The green wellness drink was awesome. It took them a while to make it though which I didn't understand because people after me had already received their order. Must've been a mix up. Either way, still a yummy spot.
Some of their drinks are an acquired taste, but it's fun to be adventurous in the name of "good for you." Food items haven't failed me yet. Only downer is the prices are slightly higher than seems fair.

Healthy and tasty, free wifi, and great customer service, too.
I've been here a few times. The first time I found something on my burger and when I told the manager he took care of me. I appreciated the good customer service. Their pizza is good and so is the angus burger. Smoothies are healthy and a nice size, but overall the food is expensive. I'm ok with paying for good quality if the ingredients are healthy, just can't come here too often. I appreciate them showing the calorie count!!
Horrible service. The staff seemed like it was their first day. I waited 20 minutes for a turkey burger. Then they didn't make my juice, I asked 3 staff members for my drink all said yes and never returned. I had to finally ask for a refund. This place is amateur at best, I didn't expect 5 star service but I expected prompt service and good food! Never again!
I can't say enough about this place. It's like life changing. Healthy fast food that tastes great. The only complaint I have is that they don't have enough locations across the valley so I can get it when I'm on ever side of town. The build your own is my favorite. Any of the smoothies you are safe with. I haven't had a bad meal there.
On a recent visit to the strip we decided to travel off the strip about 10 minutes west.  Very good selection of foods and drinks; the salad was large and the chicken was juicy.  I also tried the "green drink" and this is a good meal replacement complete with fruits and vegetables.  We liked it so much that we went back for breakfast and the multi grain cakes were good but the french toast w/ agavi syrup was excellent and both for $15.00  Lastly don't forget the "free" cucumber water.  Can't wait for locations in So Cal.
Wellness Drink is to die for!! love it:)
So delicious! I drove past this place a few times after the gym, and finally stopped in today. I had the G&P veggie burger with jicama fries and wow! I scarffed it down quick. Yum :))
This is a nice place to go if you're looking for something healthy and relatively quick. I had the emu burger, and it was awesome, and the juices were really outstanding. I really like that they post all of the calories on the menu so you know what's in your food. The con, it's really quite pricey, 6+ $ for smoothies/drinks, and sandwiches start at about 10$. It would be easy to have a 25$ lunch by yourself here. Noticed they are however vegan, vegetarian and HCG diet friendly.
I am currently a vegan and thought this place would be a great place to grab a healthy 'juice'. So I come here with my dad and he orders a parfait and I order a green 'juice' and the total comes to about $16 dollars with tip. I thought that was a tad on the expensive side but I know the prices of juice are very expensive because of the amount of vegetables and fruits that go into a juice (I worked at a juice bar for about two years so I understand juice pricing). So my 'juice' comes out and it's a smoothie? I do not know how they can call these smoothies juices?! It was frozen and it was really sweet for something that was considered a green juice. I was very disappointed and felt very mislead. My dad did not like his parfait either (too sugary). As a health nut and a biochemist I would not consider this place to be healthy at all. Albeit I have not tried any other items but i will assure you that I will not be coming back to try anything else. The only time that any one should go sugar load there is after a very High intensity work out. The only reason I have this place two stars is because the service was lovely. 

A note for the greens and proteins owners: 
I would recommend rewording the menu so it is not so misleading. I know you mean well and have a great idea but for people educated on health and wellness it is very misleading.
I really just love this place. The best part is my 9 year old daughter loves the place as well. Their egg whites out beat my made at home egg whites and the juices are AMAZING - the agave:) greens and proteins is always a fun stop after a work out with the girls:) I also love that their loyalty card is one my phone apps so I don't have to worry about losing and searching for a card in my clutter wherever it may be!
This is one of the" other"  places I was talking about. Good juices but I find it odd that they are blended? They taste good but I prefer when they are freshly juiced instead. Can't beat the location outside the gym though. Food is good, and I like the choices you get, but I'm not sure that calories make sense. I work out enough that I don't need to worry about it though!
After days of gorging on Vegas buffets and other unhealthy foods, we were craving something  healthy after a workout. We stumbled across this place and were delighted. They have four different kinds of pizza crust--we opted for thin crust with BBQ chicken. We also got a wellness shake, which was very good.
Such a healthy place to eat. Your food is fresh they make it right after you order it. Great an environment.
Just moved to the area & decided to give this place a try. We were impressed! The food was delicious. We ordered way too much thinking the portions were smaller. We got the hummus plate, the green shake (not realizing it's a meal in itself!), the bison burger & gluten free personal size pizza. My husband and I have both been craving the green shake ever since! I wouldn't say the cashiers were super friendly or anything, but we will definitely be back for the food.
A+++ great food at a decent price
I looooove the loaded antioxidant chiller juice! It's my absolute faaav one! I also love the get the tofu fries and the summer berry salad with shrimp! Overall, I recommend! & the cashier is such a cutie with big blue eyes (:
This my jam.

This is one of my favorite spots in my area. 

The juices are awesome and creative. They taste great. They aren't cheap (7 bucks or so), but at least you get fresh ingredients. That's what counts right?

Food is quite good too. The Bison cheesesteak is delicious. So are all of the flatbreads.

Most Vegas locals know about this spot, but if you are unfamiliar, give it a shot!
yummy! I love this place! Sadly, my husband is not into it as much as I am so I can only go there by myself...or when I force him to go with me :) Yeah some of the stuff are not as tasty as others. Learn what you like from the menu and then you will be just fine.
If you are looking for a place with fresh eats and yummy shakes, this is it.  I really liked it, it seems unique and has really great "healthy" food.  Located near LVAC, it attracts that healthier, fit crowd; but I went for the shakes.  I do try to watch what I eat, and this place does not offer greasy and heavy food.  It's fresh and well proportioned.  Friendly, inshape (lol) staff and patrons as well.
I had the Green Smoothie and it was so delicious! They allowed us to call ahead to place the order (they take a long time to make your order normally). We arrived, paid and left with our drinks. Clean place, everyone is friendly and educated on what you order. I have also had the build your own meal and that is very good. I had Tuna -steak with Quinoa and broccoli it came with a lemon sauce on the side (there are more options).
I strongly recommend this place to my friends and family. They get so busy sometimes, so if you are in a hurry i advise to call ahead to place your order.
Vegan is hard to do. They did it!

Got the veggie burger with seasoned tofu fries. GF got the Cali Chicken wrap. Pumpkin spice tea and Chocolate veggieccino.
It was good my sandwich was tasty and healthy. My wife's gluten free pizza with Low fat cheese was also tasty.
Lots of menu options and they give you a good filling amount of food.  Wraps, burgers, soups even lots of breakfast options and so many healthy and vegan options.  Great place I hope more locations open up.
in a world of unhealthy choices greens and proteins provides you with nothing but the highway quality food made to treat your taste buds right but also your health.. This place is a life saver for anyone trying to eat healthy on the go
Had the vegetarian pizza with vegan cheese. It was great tasting and full of a variety of vegetables.
Staff was friendly and helpful, good environment. Got the albacore tuna salad and wellness juice. Wellness juice was great and very tasty. Albacore tuna salad was not good--I thought it would be slices of fresh tuna on top of a salad since it cost $10, but instead it was a lump of canned tuna with diced tomatoes, cucumbers, and butter lettuce. My wife got a barbecue chicken pizza, and that the chicken wasn't quite good quality either.
Delicious!!! Perfect spot to get a healthy meal after working out at LVAC. Their juices and smoothies are great and I love their breakfast. A bit overpriced thus the minus one star but other than that my new favorite breakfast spot!
great vegan breakfast burrito.  great juices.  I used a groupon here.  Lady at register was very friendly.  I enjoy these style restaurants more than traditional sit down.  Pay up front and they still bring it to you.  little bit pricey but worth it.
First time trying out this place ordered a breakfast burrito but I never had a burrito come in all wet and how are you suppose to hold and eat when it's all wet? Little disappointed.
This place is a bit pricey but it's really a great place for some pre or post workout meals and smoothies. Almost everyone who was here was in work out clothes haha. 

I tried the Margherita pizza and the Green Leaf Berry Blast. 

The Margherita pizza was simple but delicious. It was a thin crust pizza with tomato sauce, low-fat mozzarella cheese and slices of tomato with bits of basil garnishing. I wish I had gotten the gluten free version though! - I really love how they have the gluten free option. The portion was probably good for sharing with one other person. 

The smoothie was alright. The taste was leaning more towards the spinach and kale which I wasn't really fond of. I do love kale though but it was probably the spinach that was giving it a weird flavor. I'd give it a 3/5. 

There was also complimentary cucumber water which was a refreshing touch. The place itself is pretty spacious and busy but the service was fast and the workers were very nice. I'm glad that this place is close by my neighborhood. I will definitely stop by again to try the other foods. They also have an ostrich burger which I don't think I'll be trying anytime soon lol.
This place is definitely not my favorite & the prices are a bit on the high side for the amount of food you get. Taste wasn't exceptional either but the smoothie was delish, although at almost $8, I'll just make my own food & make my own smoothie. Thanks but no thanks.
I had the green shake and the turkey club wrap and both were very good! Everything was so fresh. I'm currently 8 months pregnant and this is a perfect spot for healthy eating. I'll definitely be back!
Had the protein pancakes.  Pretty good. Asked for the healthiest drink they and was told the "wellness". Everything was really good.   Service was great. Sure tasted mighty good for s healthy drink.  Wifey got the watermelon strawberry cocktail. That was just as good. Good clean location.  Close to home.  I can't wait to come back for the ostrich burgers and bison burgers.  Prices are decent.  Service is great.  They give you free "lime cucumber water to drink".  Top notch baby!!!
Three stars means A-OK, and so far this is my experience with Greens & Proteins.   I do have yet to try any of the food, so when I do get around to doing that, I will update my review.  

I want to give it more stars, because I have really enjoyed both of the drinks I've purchased at this place.   

First time, I had the "Green Leaf Berry Blast".   A nice mix of berries and leafy greens.  It came out a sort of purplish-brown color but it really tasted great and filled me up.

The second time, I had the 'Wellness Drink', which is a mixture of green grapes, apples, limes, some other fruits and then a bunch of leafy greens.    The taste was fresh and fantastic, and it really hit the spot after my workout.    So yummy and it has all that good stuff in it.  

Customer service was fine both visits.   My drinks were ready in a snap.   The atmosphere of the place is inviting and comfortable and it works with their health-conscious atmosphere.   I could see myself eating here.

So why 3 stars?   I'm deducting one star because at 8 bucks a pop, well it seems a bit pricey for a cup of juice.  But that doesn't keep me away. 

The other star I am deducting for 2 reasons.   Lack of nutritional info and the use of agave nectar in every drink offering.   I track everything I take in, and I would think a place that serves up healthy food could offer more than a simple calorie count.  How much sugar is in these drinks?    Macros are important to my lifestyle.   I would like to see a more comprehensive breakdown.

And the agave is extra sweetener that is just unnecessary and really not a healthy choice IMO.

I am eager to try some of the food offerings.    I will update or offer up a better review at that time.
The atmosphere is like a cafe sit down area with open windows. Choose between a large selection of healthy breakast items , lunch or dinner. I went at breakfast loved the greek scramble, a bit bummed on just black coffee no creamer or substitute for creamer but they have a nice selection of special caffeine and non caffeine drinks. My husband got the burrito and enjoyed it with a peanut butter bananna smoothie shocker he couldent taste the kale or spinach in it thats a bonus for him. My daughter enjoyed a turkey burger. Overall great food will definitely be back.
This is the best place to go after a workout. Not a good place to go if you are super hungry. You won't feel guilty after your workout since they serve sort of healthy entrees. The serving here is smaller than usual and is pricey. 

My bf and I ordered a bison burger (very dry even though my bf mentioned that he wanted it cooked medium), crab wrap and a BBQ chicken pizza. For 3 items, it was almost $40. The crab wrap was not bad. You can see some crab pieces in it. The pizza was okay. Nothing special. 

One thing I liked here is their free cucumber lemon water. Very refreshing! 

Not sure if we will be back.
Overpriced and underwhelming, this clean and organized store is light and spacious, and the staff are really polite and friendly. I also love how they have quite a few local business cards and promo materials at the pickup counter where you get your drinks- shows that they are involved in the local community, which I really like to see.

That being said, their smoothies and wraps are each around $8, which sounds about on par with other similar businesses- and for the smoothies I would say it's about right.
But I was not impressed with my tofu/chorizo breakfast wrap- I asked for it in a spinach wrap, which I use frequently at home to make my own wraps, and this one was not particularly full. Most bites had more overlapping layers of tortilla than filling or veggies. On top of that, the menu lists the wrap as coming with "a side of tofu homefries"- this sounded really cool to me and I was excited to check it out.
Imagine my surprise when I open my take out box in my car and realize that a "side" consists of exactly THREE crouton-sized pieces of tofu. They were tasty, but considering I spent $8 on my meal and my take out box was half empty, I'm not pleased. I genuinely don't know if someone was in a hurry and forgot my side, or if three pieces really constitutes a portion- it doesn't to me.

I might come back, but it won't be for food- which is really disappointing, because everything sounds great.

Side note: If you check in on Yelp, you get a dollar off of a juice or smoothie, which helps a bit with the pricing.
One of my favorite health food places in Vegas real food real tasty!! The ostrich patty is excellent and the smoothies are delicious especially the "wellness" drink. Pricey but most healthy places seems to be.
Love this place! Been looking for a new spot to eat healthy at and I found it. Ir had the create your own with chicken, brown rice, broccoli ad get the lemon vinaigrette dressing and put it all over everything. Love that dressing, seriously wish they would bottle it and let me take it home! I've also had the veggie pizza and chef salad here too which are both really good and light. All in all this place is phenomenal and all the staff are really nice!
Amazing place to come for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I love their menu and fast service.
I come here regularly for a quick healthy snack, usually order one of the freshly made juices.  The tofu fries are very tasty and amazingly seasoned, however the menu states they are BAKED when they are actually FRIED, they automatically lose two stars for the false advertisement (which I've complained to management several times and STILL haven't changed on their menu).

There are about 5 or 6 different fresh juices on their menu and they do taste good, but they could use a little more variety.  Nearly all of their juices contain grapes and agave nectar.  Their Wellness Drink, which contains spinach and kale, also adds too much pineapple, orange and agave, making this fresh juice overly sweet.

They are located across the LVAC so there are a lot of people coming from the gym seeking a healthy meal.  But don't be fooled!! A lot of their menu IS healthy however things like sauces, cheeses, dough, batter etc. almost defeat the purpose here.  If you're truly seeking wholesome order the plainest rawest things on their menu.

I go to greens & proteins for the convenience and taste, but think there are better similar establishments.  Also a little pricey but have a large menu to choose from.
Because of the nearby LVAC, this place has kinda become the a mecca of yoga pants and "arms day" guys. So, if you can put up with the constant influx of that crowd, you're good to eat here. I'm actually shocked what some people are wearing to the gym these days...anyway...

I come here for the smoothies, not the food. I have always found the food here to be really bland and overpriced. The gluten-free bread is terrible. Don't bother freaking out over it. Their tofu fries are AMAZING. I love love love these. They are pretty much the only thing I will order as far as solid food goes. Buffalo sauce is very tasty as well and they have a nice vegan alternative that comes with these if you ask.

I really do love the smoothies. I've been coming here for a few years now, and their smoothies never get old. They are super refreshing, healthy, and I really do think it's a reasonable price compared to Whole Foods (not to mention they taste way better). 

This location does have a nice outside seating area (complete with umbrellas), which I do enjoy in the summer.
Food here is good the buffalo chicken pizza and the bison philly are my two favorites. I really don't need to explain why this place is soooo good just go and try for your self you won't be disappointed. But seriously the bison Philly was almost if not just as good as a Philadelphia Philly
One of my favorite places in Vegas. Great selection of healthy food choices for all three meals. Highly recommend this spot!
Hard to find a good spot for healthy food in this part of Vegas. Everything was very fresh. Great smoothie / juice bar. Excellent staff! Went 3x in a 2 day span after finding it.
I truly was not a fan of this place, the meals here were simple and unseasoned. I understand that their meals are healthier, but healthy does not mean flavorless.. They look and taste like something that cook at home, and let me tell you I'm not a great cook. I guess if you need gluten free items or if you are vegan this place offers an extended menu. However, you are also going to need to pay a bit more for it! 
I ordered the teriyaki chicken wrap with tofu fries and they were just so chewy! And let me just add that I love tofu, but they really dropped the ball on that one
Concept is good, quality is good, but not good enough to give more stars. Particularly for the price I would expect something better.

To be fair, I only tried their smoothies, so I might have a different opinion when I have other items.
Multigrain pancakes are delicious (although I don't use the agave syrup I use organic maple at home lol) and the breakfast burrito is also delicious. Pretty much everything I've tried is great... Except jicama fries  I highly recommend and love this place!!
I love this place, the food is great for healthy living. Quality is great and ppl are nice, the owner does his best for his customers. I am absolutely addicted to the wellness drink. The reason i didnt give it 5 stars is because its a lil pricey for what you get and i wish they had more variety on the menu and daily specials. Perhaps they could use an executive chef that puts a bit more flavor in the mix.
I love the Bison wrap.  The jicama fries are okay; I like mine with a little honey or barbeque sauce.
I'm always looking for fresh and healthy food so I stop by, their customer service was bad!! It was my first time and I had a lot question they didn't care and rush me to order my food ;( when I finally got my food, it was unflavored!! Food tasted like nothing, the smoothis was way too sweet for me. This place was just not for me.. I'll probably try it another time.
I had brunch at this location for the first time last week, using a Groupon before it expired.  I was supposed to meet Suzy H. and her son here, but due to a miscommunication, she went to the Eastern location instead.  No problem.  Intending to share my food, it just meant that I ate two breakfast items all by myself, the Granola Crusted Whole Wheat French toast and the Greek Scramble.  Sure, I could have taken leftovers to go, but I just kept eating until there was nothing left but the parsley.  I guess I was hungry from my earlier swim, but it was also because the food was really good.  I'd been to the Eastern location about two years ago and had a so-so experience for dinner, so much so that I've never been back there.  This brunch, though, has changed my mind about G&P.  I would certainly come back anytime for a morning meal.  I had excellent service throughout, and, contrary to my own belief, the cost for breakfast wasn't as pricey as I thought it would be, $13.94 for both dishes.  Of course, having my Groupon handy made it even cheaper, but still.  I look forward to returning by myself, or with Suzy H., or with anyone else who wants to have a healthier breakfast at a decent price.   

P.S.:  Suzy H. and I ended up eating breakfast together after all, via cellphone.  That's what friends are for :)
Best juices in town! I I am addicted to the wellness and antioxidant juice. Nice clean location as well.... Oh yeah can't forget about the turkey burgers!
Greens and proteins is a decent restaurant with healthy offerings but at the end of the day, there's not enough offerings and variety for us to be regulars.  

I ordered the angus burger with lettuce pocket (instead of bun) with tofu fries.  Angus burger was fine, not salty which is good.  The tofu fries were salty because of the seasoning.  So healthwise, its kind of a wash with the tofu fries lol.

My wife ordered the build your own with angus patty, kale, and sweet potato mash.  She seemed to enjoy it because the kale was steamed and not sodium bombed.  She also ordered a ginger limeade which was too sweet for her taste.

The price was surprisingly high as all the above came out to 35 bucks (with tip).  So although we feel the food is relatively healthy, the price and distance from our home is a small obstacle for consistent repeat business..
So glad this opened on my side of town. It's so fresh and healthy that i'll eat here at least 4 days a week and it's conveniently located by my gyms. The Wellness drink and Antioxidant juice are my favorite. I highly recommend the BBQ chicken pizza on the vegan lavash is you're craving pizza and don't want to feel guilty afterwards. The service is always fast and friendly.
Before I placed my order, I asked the girl at the register what Greens and Proteins specialties are and she said make your own plate, and the BBQ chicken pizza. I decided on the pizza. 

My order came about 20 min later maybe even a bit longer which I think is too long for a fast casual restaurant. When I took the first bite of the pizza all I could taste was the BBQ sauce. While the BBQ sauce did grow on me after a few bites, I almost thought it tasted a little too unique. Additionally, if a "traditional" BBQ sauce is not used, the menu should specify the type of BBQ sauce being used (citrus BBQ sauce). Now on to the chicken, I did not like the spice on the chicken and it was a little dry. The positives were that the pizza is low calorie so you can finish the whole thing; the fat free ranch is delicious; the lavash bread gave the pizza a nice crunch.

Towards the end of my meal, I called over the manager to give him some feedback. While I appreciated him sitting down with me and having an open conversation, I did not like the fact that he said normally I would offer a refund but in this case I don't think we did anything wrong. I wasn't asking for a refund just offering my honest feedback. 

Overall, I like the concept of the restaurant and I am willing to come back to try more items on the menu.
Generally unimpressive--the food is healthy and service is quick. But flavors and portions are kind of weak. 

The Skinny Chef Salad is OK-it has a spicy mustard dressing. 

Definitely avoid the jicama fries. They are just cold, raw slices of jicama with seasoning. 

I would rather spend my money elsewhere.
So delish! I love the menu choices making a fresh diet do much easier!  If your dieting and good tasting food, come here!
I've had a couple of meals here once or twice - the food was okay at best, but didn't make me want to return for more. Running errands all day with my new puppy I have to say, I've never met a man so unwelcoming of animals. I managed to get a wax, pick up my dry cleaning, fill out some paper work with a new company -- and each establishment was more than understanding of my new puppy that I brought a long with me.

If only service animals are welcome in the establishment --- maybe you should post that on your door? 

The manager rudely approached me and said "I was just checking to see if he was a service animal". My puppy is a small little standing beagle. 

I sincerely hope that manager practices better customer service skills even before I got a chance to approach and order.

Seriously the worst encounter I've ever had with an establishment and dealing with my animal. Not only did he not allow additional options, he just thought it was simply acceptable to kick me out. 

All I  did was say 'I was planning on going to Jamba anyway' because they didn't serve - just orange juice. Even though they have other smoothies that have orange in them, ten points for customer adaptability - not. 

The problem I have with this establishments is that customer service was NOT their top priority. The owner/manager did not care that I came in for whatever reason to purchase something but simply kicked me out because I had an animal with me. How rude. 

Either way - recommendations, PUT UP A SIGN - or alternatively at least offer me the option of taking to go. Neither of which was done.
Best healthy place to eat in las vegas. Usually get the wellness drink which is far better tasting then the green drink at whole foods. The tofu fries are as close to healthy fries as you get. Havent tried everything but everything I have tried is very tasty. Best tasting healthy food around.
Not bad.  Been here twice on a Groupon.  The first time the sausage was grotesquely cold, but they took care of it.  Didn't care for the greek scramble or the scrambled egg whites with housemade [cold] turkey sausage.  The berry parfait and Greens & Proteins Breakfast Burrito are good.  The Green Leaf Berry Blast was yummy and not too sweet, just super spendy after the tip. Won't go out of my way to return.
This is a health food fast food restaurant which I hope becomes a trend.  You can get great vegetarian, vegan or raw food in addition to healthy build your own plates where you pick your protein and greens or other items.  The smoothies and green drinks are as delicious as they come although pricey.  The service is not bad but they don't wait tables.  I like the wellness green drink as well as the almond coffee chocolate one.  Insofar as food they have gr8 breakfasts as well as lunch.  Try faux chorizo and tofu scrambler in a spinach rap.  Bison and ostrich burgers are available for carnivores.
This place is fantastic. Just great healthy food for a very good price. Most of the juice drinks are great and the bison patties are awesome!
Where can I start?  We used to live in Vegas and our BIGGEST complaint over that 3 year period was always the same thing... There are 0 healthy/organic/clean food options in Vegas off the strip!  So, as it goes, within 1 month of moving back to Miami, G&P opens their first location, lol.  
1.  BOTH locations are super clean, great seatin in&outside
2.  Breakfast options at all good, healthy but not boring
3. Lunch options are just as awesome, the quality of their products shines through in all their dishes. Very unique! 
4.  Lastly is the star of the show... The JUICES!! OMG! Seriously, I'm not even a juice guy, but they make them so different and enjoyable, you don't even know it's healthy.  The wellness that everyone raves about is all that.... 7 or 8 diff green fruits & leafy's with a touch of agave and your Good to go!

Way to go G&P!  You hit the nail on the head.  Keep it up!
I love this place! I go to this location more than the other and it is a little nicer/quieter (but both are great.) 

The option for Pea Protein in smoothies is great for those of us who don't want Whey and don't use Soy (not all that common to have this option for a smoothie.)

The raw menu is amazing - try it all, seriously.

There is something on the breakfast menu with egg whites and turkey sausage that is so clean, healthy, delicious, and filling - not a very common combination (for under $10 to boot :P )
I wish I had discovered this place sooner! I love that it is truly healthy food AND it's delicious.
Wellness drink was delicious. I also had the greek breakfast and the green shake, both were great!
The manager needs to work on his customer service, but all of the other employees were nice.
Overall good place, something for everyone, vegas, vegitarian, or not.
Decided to stop in here after finishing my leg workout at LVAC. I usually hit Tropical Smoothie but had been meaning to stop by this place. I needed something to go so I figured I would try one of the smoothies; they all seemed tempting. I settled on the Green Smoothie. I was pleasantly surprised when I took my first taste. I have to say I'll be back and next time try some of the food.
It's been awhile since I've been back so I thought I'd give it another shot before my workout. 

There was a gentleman behind the counter instead of a woman. He was nice and was able to make my order vegan. He was also kind enough to sub out a non vegan sauce for one I would like. 

I ordered a veggie burger without the bun since the bun wasn't vegan and a gluten free vegan bun was $3 more. After consuming the burger, the bun wouldn't have made a difference. It was bland and...well bland. The tofu fries on the other hand were amazing! Add the BBQ sauce and wow! 

Service was a lot better from my first visit last year. I was asked if I needed anything else after my food was delivered and I asked if silverware was in a specific area. The gentleman then offered to grab them for me instead. The staff seemed more cheerful than what I experienced last year.
However I can see why they would be Debbie downers. They have people coming in asking for sparkling water in a different language. Just say sparkling water! 

Overall, this visit was better than the first. And to the lady who was asked to leave because your dog wasn't a service dog, there's still no sign saying service dogs only.  Remember, it's a food establishment...with an open juice bar. I'm sure most people would like their juices without animal hair.
love the turkey burger :) after a great workout!
Was doing the no-carb thing for a while, and was really hungry. Vegetarian co-worker suggested this place. 

Food was edible; I think I ordered the wrong thing. I got the Buffalo Spinach Wrap and was pretty disappointed. It was pretty bland and mushy and all I could really taste was the wrap itself, which is pretty damn disappointing when you were paying for Bison meat. The Jicama fries were nice, but cold; didn't realize they'd be raw. Silly me. I actually didn't finish my meal, and at $14, that was a pricey "ugh,". 

One of my other co-workers had a smoothie that looked absolutely wonderful, and another had a little pizza thing that looked lovely. Not a place I would normally choose to go for lunch, and I think my inexperience may have done me wrong here. 

I am pretty generally of the opinion that Vegans, Raw Foodists, and their Health Food Prophets care more about how well their food follows certain rules than how it tastes. 

Greens and Proteins kind of tastes like compromise. Mmmmm...compromise.

Yeah. No. I'll probably be back in the future; the Smoothies look great, and I hope I just ate the wrongest thing. I'll give this place another try in the hopes that something else I order is enjoyable. Otherwise, I just felt like I was paying triple price for grocery store deli food in order to say "I'm healthy! I eat raw vegan carrots!."
This place is awesome! If you want to eat right and enjoy eating right this is the place to go!!
The smoothies are delicious! Customer service is good and the food is passable. Although, my boyfriend ordered the Buffalo Chicken Strips and the sauce was a little too spicy. I also preferred more berries on the Summer Berry Salad I ordered. (But), regardless of our personal preference on the food, it was well worth the money we spent. I will definitely return.
Came here one day for lunch with a friend (actually come to think of it, it was before the Brooklyn Bowl event) XD 

Margherita Pizza (Low-fat mozzarella, tomatoes, roasted garlic, and basil) - To my surprise, i didn't know there was roasted garlic in this. If anything, all i noticed was the huge amount of mozzarella cheese on the pizza. They have different crusts you can pick. thin pizza crust (normal), lavash (a persian? flat bread?), and something else. Not sure what lavash was or the other one (and this was my friends pizza anyway but i was ordering/paying) so i decided to get the normal thin pizza crust. Flavor overall, like a normal margherita pizza. Only thing was i hope they can amp up the roasted garlic flavor (or maybe i can request for more/additional roasted garlic... XD garlic lover om nom nom) and the crust, maybe they can bake it longer. It was a little soft for my taste. The edge crust, it was nice and crispy, but anything under the toppings, was a little, floppy =X

Bison Cheese Steak Wrap (Red onions, peppers, low-fat mozzarella, lettuce, and tomato) - this order was for me. I thought it was quite interesting and ive never had bison before. something new to try for me. Comes with either a side of tofu fries or jicama fries and a pickle. The pickle was a normal pickle spear (yum). I opted for the tofu fries (curious but definitely not a stranger to tofu). Nicely fried. A little underseasoned but still tasted yummy (i like tofu anyway). As for the wrap, you get a choice of either a savoy cabbage wrap, wheat wrap, spinach wrap, or whole wheat bun. I opted for the spinach wrap. Overall, it looked decent and yummy. While i ate it, it was dripping a lot of juices/oil. Almost made it seem like this wrap was heavier/fattier than it really was. First experience in trying bison? uhm if i wasnt told it was bison, id almost call it beef. Overall, flavored well but a bit messy to eat (drippy drippy ....) Im not sure how healthy this wrap was but after eating it, i didnt feel so healthy. LOL  

Overall, nice place. A bit on the pricey side. These two items added up to i believe around $24? I guess a price to pay for fresh/organic? ingredients. May try other things next time since i think i picked the fattiest item on the menu.
Very vegan friendly! Whole foods! Clean eating! Healthy! Raw options. Great service. Great food.
Watermelon cocktail was light and refreshing for the summer. It has watermelon, raspberries, strawberries, and agave nectar. Didn't find out until later but if you check in with Yelp, it gets you $1 off this $5.99 juice. Seemed a little pricy, but for the amount you get it is worth it. I could barely finish it on my own though so I'd recommend sharing. Overall a good drink to cool you off especially after working out but it's nothing spectacular.
I am a healthy eater. Annoyingly healthier eater. Eating out has been know to be frustrating since my husband and I have different tastes and appetite sizes.  

Greens and Proteins is a perfect fit for our family. Good quality ingredients that appeal to both the herbivore and the carnivore and our son who is in the middle. 

My husband has the BBQ chicken pizza and loved it. Plenty of food to fill full without feeling stuffed. I have the veggie sandwich and cleaned my plate. 

Great service. Great food. Comfortable casual dinning experience. This will be a regular lunch spot for us.
Greens and Proteins provided a meal for our crew and cast of 70 on a short film last week.  Our shoot was hard to say the least, it was so hot at least for those of us not from Vegas and we were shooting nights.  Green and Proteins came in and made everything a whole lot better.  So often on set we have the same old meals, over salted and too heavy.  Greens and Proteins gave us plenty of fresh and wholesome food that tasted fabulous and got us through the rest of the night.  I can not recommend them highly enough for you catering needs.  I am a big fan :)
My daughter & I came here after workout and ordered 2 Wellness drinks (green grapes, green apple, pineapple, orange, lime, wheat grass, kale, spinach, collard greens, ginger, flax seed & agave) --- so good & refreshing. 

Loaded antioxidant chiller (green grapes, blueberries, blackberries, agave nectar) ordered by my daughter's friends - tastes like grape, delicious, not very sweet which is good. 
Location is convenient. Will come back definitely. Just found out have loyalty cards -- buy 10 smoothies get the 11th free. A dollar off if you check in with yelp. Not a bad deal :)
Probably not for everyone but if you're looking for a healthy meal then check this place out! Some of the meals are bland but at least you know you're eating real food with healthy organic ingredients. The drinks are good, some are hit or miss - I recently got the green heart drink and it was way too gingery!
best smoothie I have ever had, chocolate peanut butterr.... I died.
Again, super pricey but SUPER GOOD! 

It was my first time and it's near my job so I got it to go. I ordered it a little in advance (my fault) so I didn't get to enjoy the tofu fries as much as I would have dining in. The seasoning was good on them but I definitely wouldn't recommend them for takeout unless you are eating them immediately. (Duh) 

Got the bison burger because I read multiple reviews. I got mine with cheddar, turkey bacon, and avocado. So SO good!!! The flavor of this burger was amazing. Over a week after eating it and I'm drooling on the keyboard over this review. I didn't think I would get a burger of all things here but I am so happy I did! 

I love juices so I tried the green ginger juice (don't remember the exact name) it was probably the best juice I've ever purchased. I love ginger and this juice was just too good. I will definitely be stopping back for at least the juice bar if  I don't feel like spending $20 on lunch.
Great food at a reasonable price.  Ask for a grilled chicken salad with grilled veggies.  It is outstanding!!  Great addition to the Vision Offices
Cafe North Is Amazing The food here was simply mind blowing. The chef in the kitchen came out To make sure I was having a great Experience And the word great is an understatement this place is amazing. Caf North thank you.  Ill be back for sure.
Absolutely love this place! Their food is amazing and they also have the best presentation! The Belly rewards are a great addition as well!
Great food! It's a shame I didn't know about this place sooner. I live down the street  and came here for lunch...sandwich and salad was delicious. I will definitely have to come back for breakfast soon.
Great prices for such quality food
A bit hard to find, but its a gem and totally worth it! I got the club sandwich and it was great! All the meat is fresh and very good! Definitely will be returning again soon!
Perfectly fresh, healthy food! Amazing lunch spot. The location is a bit odd, but the food makes it worth the trip to look for it. Try to kale salad and the carrot juice. So good!
This place is quite amazing!!! Their food is fresh (trust me, you can taste the freshness in every bite), and their food options are healthy (another big win for me -- yay!) So far I've had a protein shake (get "The Breakfast Jolt"), breakfast burrito, and banana nut muffin... All were excellent choices and didn't disappoint. Everything here is made in-house, fresh to order and from scratch, so you know it's not packed with icky preservatives and stuff you don't want. 

The owner is really awesome and friendly, as well as the staff, and they make you feel welcome... I imagine it's how Rachel, Ross, Chandler, Joey, Phoebe, and Monica felt in "Friends" when they would go to "Central Perk". All in all, it's a great place, and I highly recommend it!!!
Nearly impossible to find, but well worth it once you have! Great selection of salads and sandwiches, and extremely reasonable prices as well. Wife had an eggplant parmesan sandwich, and I had the Italian Meatball sandwich. Fantastic. Really tasty, authentic flavorings. Place has a laid back, cool atmosphere as well. 6 thumbs up on this joint, try it out. (Directions- From Frank Lloyd Wright heading east, turn right on Redfield, first driveway on your right gets you into the Visions Center. Park, walk to center of building, downstairs. Elevator access too).
My wife and I were both sick to our stomachs after eating here.
My wife and I stopped for breakfast yesterday after our real estate agents told us about this hidden gem.  We don't have many great neighborhood cafes for breakfast in NE Scottsdale.  So we welcomed the opportunity to give Caf North a try.
After a little difficulty finding it-- no signage on FLW, and down below the Vision Offices Building on the corner of FLW and Redfield, we entered the Caf.  The owner Ken was there to take our order-- friendly guy who expressed appreciation for our business.  I had the breakfast burrito which is a build your own-- meats, cheeses, veggies, potato-- I created my favorite combination with bacon, cheddar, scrambled eggs, spinach and tomato. Oh and they offer both white flour and wheat flour tortillas!  And when I ordered my coffee, I was offered again to choose my mixes-- almond, soy or regular milk or half and half.  I was super happy with my meal and coffee.  My wife really enjoyed her over-medium eggs, bacon and potatoes-- all cooked to perfection.  Can't say enough about this new option for our breakfasts.  And the owner tells me they do catering as well!  I would love to try their catering as they have an eye toward healthy, high quality ingredients, at reasonable prices. Really delighted with the experience.  Will be telling all my friends!
Nice little deli/cafe with plenty of outside seating in the shade. I had their signature sandwich which was fantastic. It's super hard to find if your not familiar with the area. Hidden Gem! I will definitely be back.
Heard so many good things about this place. I just wish they were open on the weekend.
I just don't understand how there are so many good reviews. It's average in taste, impossible to find, and offers a very limited variety of food. Wasted my time coming here I think.
Oh, Rachel's. Living at The Ogden, I've walked by the empty storefronts on the ground floor for the last year and a half, longing for the day when they would begin to fill up with tenants. You are the first, and you get a point for blazing the downtown trail. You also get a point for NOT taking any assistance from Downtown Project's totalitarian neighborhood monopoly.

Unfortunately - at least on soft-opening day - the food just didn't add up. I haven't been to Rachels' other locations around the valley, but my wife and I ate here twice today for lunch and dinner and each time we were disappointed in the food's blandness and lack of freshness. Frozen fries, frozen onion rings, frozen breakfast potatoes and a general lack of flavor pervaded every dish we tried. I'm being brutally honest here with the hope that things improve, because DTLV desperately needs more restaurants and I desperately want to like this place.

My wife did try a peanut butter smoothie, which was very tasty, with complementary peanut butter and banana flavors. However, ultimately, we didn't have anything here that we couldn't make upstairs in our apartment.
I found myself really unexpectedly disappointed in Rachel's Kitchen.

All of the other locations get great reviews but I failed to see where all the hype comes from. The Ultimate Grilled Cheese... was not very ultimate. Thin-sliced white bread, some cheese, a couple tomato slices. I expected thick crusty bread and really quality cheese... what I got was like, boring kid's menu grilled cheese. I could have made something way better for myself at home for wayyyy less than nearly $8.

The french fries and breakfast potatoes are not made fresh, they are frozen. The turkey on the turkey sandwich isn't a nice piece of turkey breast, it's boring lunch meat. They use a light hand to apply seasonings so there is not much flavor.

The service is really friendly, though. That and the smoothie I had are the reasons I am giving 3 stars instead of two- the peanut butter blast is delicious and the non-fat yogurt it's made with at least gives me the illusion of eating healthily. Since this location is literally right downstairs, I will probably stop by in the future to pick up a smoothie, but there is nothing on the menu that I couldn't make a tastier, fresher version of upstairs for way cheaper.
I experienced Rachel's Kitchen for the first time tonight since it opened in our building. I ordered the turkey sandwich and my wife got the chicken caesar wrap. The turkey sandwich was good but it wasn't anything amazing and definitely not worth the hefty price tag for a regular  turkey sandwich with some avocado. Its something that can definitely be made at home. my wife said that the chicken caesar was ok but nothing impressive either. It really makes me dissappointed because I feel like there aren't many good restaurants downtown yet that aren't located in a casino or for the ones that are great they have limited hours. This place also has limited hours.. it closes at 7pm on weekdays and 8pm on fridays and saturdays. overall not impressed.
Finally!  I have been waiting for Rachel's to open in Downtown Las Vegas.  I was there are their first day and the food and service were awesome, especially since it was day one.  I had the opportunity to talk to the franchisees and they were so friendly.  They were the type of people you want to see do well.  I will be back often for the Signature Pasta or whatever I am craving. I highly recommend you try it out.
Excellent greetings by 3 different employees upon entering. I appreciate great service. While they are still in opening stages, training new employees, and etc. The food was excellent and the service was warm, inviting, and friendly.  Thank you also to Bri for making the kids feel extra welcomed and comfortable!
They are obviously still working the kinks out but considering this is not their first location I expected better. So for now this is a 2.5 star experience when I take service into consideration.  When I was ordering someone came up and said their soup was cold, no apology or anything from the person behind the counter.  Just an if you can can wait a few minutes we're making a fresh pot.  Being a witness to that exchange made me a little nervous.  I mean why did you serve cold soup in the first place?!?

For my meal I ordered the BBQ chicken wrap which came with Sweet Potato Fries.  A fair value for around $10 for lunch.  It was good and I would order it again. There was four of us total and three of us were halfway done with our meals before the fourth person even got their order.  He was becoming so desperate he was starting to eat off our plates.  

The place was packed and we were crammed into corner seating.  I appreciate another downtown lunch option and I will give this place another try once the newness has died down a little and they've worked the kinks out.
Very unimpressed. I expected alot more based on all the hype.  All the fries that came to our table were cold and soggy. My chicken sandwich was cold as well, and the chicken was VERY bland!  Both the Sprite and the Ketchup were amazing though!  I hope they can get it together.  DTLV needs some decent places to eat. Good luck.  Service was acceptable.
Great, quick, healthy cafe for breakfast or lunch. When you just want something healthy, this is the place to go, especially when you've been away from home for a week.  I went twice within a 2 day span, once for lunch and another time for breakfast.

For breakfast, I got Scrambled Eggs with Tomato and Basil. It was exactly what I needed.  Came with toast and some potatoes, but perfect breakfast to get my day started without being too heavy.

For lunch, I ordered the Signature Salad with chicken. At first it looked huge, but it was the right size to satisfy my appetite.

Everything on their menu actually looked really good, so I don't think you can go wrong with any of your choices.  Beats ordering from the hotel cafe or a local coffee shop! They even make fresh squeeze juices and smoothies.
The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere is clean, stylish, and pleasant. I went here with some friends before we watched a show at the Smithsonian center. I would come back again, but only when it isn't out of my way.
I know I will get lynched for this, but I was very, very disappointed by this place. My number one issue? Premade veggie patties. Factory grade. For seven bucks? No. This place boasts healthy choices, but doesn't make its own veggie burger? I myself stay away from them because they are full of soy and sodium, and I hate, HATE seeing them on a menu anywhere. But whatever, they have other things here that look great.

So I got the Breakfast Ultimate Grilled Cheese. Most certainly not the most ultimate grilled cheese I have ever had. The bread was soaked in grease, and the cheese was not good. It had small tasteless tomatoes on it that didn't add to the flavor at all. The only thing I enjoyed off that plate was the potatoes. 

I also got a Peanut Butter Blast smoothie that was pretty darn good, though not very peanutty, still very refreshing.

Perhaps I just order the wrong thing, but really as far as veggie alternatives, they are quite lacking. Maybe it is just this location, Downtown, but I was left baffled at this supposedly great healthy place.
Not sure if I want to give it them 2 or 3 stars.  Last week they did a great job delivering lunch to our office.  Food was fresh, warm and quite good.  Today's delivery seemed to be slow, but on top of that my meal was COLD!  So disappointing because I know they could do better.  My food was so cold that the onion in my union ring was cold.  They forget to bring 1/2 of our order and it was it took over 2 hours to get to us.
Great little place for fresh food that leave you feeling great. I had an omelet with spinach and avocado, wheat toast and a green juice. It was one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time. I juice everyday and the juice that they served was great. You go in and order and then they bring the food to wherever you are sitting. The food came quickly. The place was nice and clean. I will definitely will go back again.
It looks cool in the reviews but the over look is very cafeie, the drink are nice but unless its happy hour they are over priced for a mimosas and some wines, the food is worth it not bad considering the area caters to tourist and the "Ogden" residents
Another convenient location!  This time, they moved into the bottom floor of the Ogden in downtown Las Vegas!!  My company is moving downtown in September and it's nice to know there's a Rachel's Kitchen around the corner.  On this visit, me and my work team came for a quick lunch before our quarterly company meeting.  

I love the look of this restaurant.  No matter which location, you will be treated to a nice, clean bistro style restaurant.  This location has little round tables and high bar tops lining the front window.  The front counter is truly the star of the show, has a huge menu for your convenience and a viewing window for pastries.  The staff is friendly and very attentive.  You order, pay, grab your number and find a seat.  Your food will be brought to you when it's ready!  Super convenient :)

For lunch, I got the same gourmet sandwich I get in every visit:  The turkey club on wheat bread.  Smoked turkey, bacon, Swiss cheese, avocado, romaine lettuce, tomatoes and mayo served on three slices of your bread choice.  For me, what makes this sandwich is the avocado and mayo.  I love a sandwich with both.  It ties it all together and because of that, it's the best for me.  The turkey is nicely smoked, they give you a lot of slices and makes this sandwich super flavorful.  For my drink, I always get the Wilshire Smoothie.  It's filled with peaches, bananas, pineapples, fresh squeezed orange juice and nonfat vanilla frozen yogurt.  I always add kale to it for my serving of a super food.  Such a great smoothie, blended with all my favorites!!  Definitely a must try.  

Overall, a great bistro place!  Remember, on Sundays, mimosas are only $3.  I hope my review has enticed you to visit.  If you're looking for clean food with great service, come check them out.  You will not be disappointed!
I like this place. It's simple. I like simple. It's the perfect place to pick up a quick lunch while downtown. The interior is easy on the eyes and reminds me of a bright little cafe. The menu has a selection of pastas, sammies, eggs, smoothies, salads and a 'lighter side' menu, where they keep those heathy items. The items I've had (turkey sammich, smoothie) aren't anything to write home about or to go into detail on, but they were exactly what the menu described them to be and I was completely satisfied after. Tack on online ordering, a check-in offer (50% off beer/wine) and local delivery (on awesome delivery bikes) and Rachel and I are destined to become good friends.
Very fresh ingredients. Flavorful sandwiches. Staff is great
Glad I tried this place out.  I had heard it was good but always got the impression it was a vegetarian type restaurant.  Not so!  On my two trips I have had an excellent burger and a pretty tasty turkey wrap.  They have a very varied menu including soups, salads, burgers, and even some alcohol.  Glad this place opened so close to my office!  It should be a weekly visit.  The prices are reasonable as well.
So much positive Chi in this place.  Does not have a corporate feel to it.  Always very welcoming when I walk in with genuine smiles.  Coffee is amazing
I work not too far from this Rachel's Kitchen. Our office usually orders from here once a week, if not more. They do deliver which makes things a lot easier on us. When I do go in to either pick up take out or sit down, everyone there greets you as you walk in and are extremely nice. 

The food at Rachel's always tastes so fresh. Which i love. I'm also vegan and they have a really good veggie wrap and salad i'm able to order. The fresh juices are to die for, especially on a hot day when you don't feel like eating too much. 

The food does take a while to get out, but it's worth the wait in my opinion. They also have a nice breakfast menu.
Happened to be downtown for a class and needed something healthy for lunch.  Rachel's was right down the road, so we drove over to get a salad.  I'm really glad that we did!  I had the roasted chicken and grilled vegetable salad.  I was originally put off by the price (around $14 with extra chicken) but was overall very pleased with my meal.  The veggies were fresh and the flavors balanced well.  

I was more blown away by the service.  It seemed to be taking a little while for my salad and I was beginning to get impatient but nothing excessive.  A woman came over (Rachel?  The manager?) and had the presence of mind to ask me what I'd ordered and immediately checked on it - that doesn't happen too often with takeout orders in my experience.  She was so gracious and wonderful.  Thanks for that Rachel's Kitchen - I'll def be back!
Good food, I guess. But it is way over-priced and the service is pretty terrible. They're usually rude and very rarely actually get your order right. 

If you decide to eat here, do NOT pay online. Half of the time they're shoddy online system doesn't actually transmit your order. If you do order online, don't have expectations that they'll actually have your order. 

Also, always check your to-go order before you leave the store. 3 out of the last 5 times, they haven't given me the type of fries that I ordered.
The curry chicken wrap was really good! Everything tatsted fresh ill be back soon!
Right down the street from work, so lately we've been ordering from our new favorite place. their smoothies are a must. Just today i had the Curry chicken Wrap and omg soooo good. check out the picture i uploaded.  sweet potato fries are also good. .  OH YES & THEY DELIVER.
Rachel's Kitchen is quickly becoming the go-to spot for a great, healthy lunch in the Fremont East area.  Owners Kathy and Karen have put together an awesome staff and a perfect menu, and the result is consistently good, healthy fare.  I've worked my way through most of the menu, and the highlights (for me) are the salads, smoothies, and the omelets.  I live nearby, so I'm there often, but haven't grown tired of the food; could never grow tired of the lovely staff.  They have wifi, the place is immaculate, and  the seating is incredibly comfortable (unlike other spots nearby).  The crowd is a mix of DTLV start-up pioneers, attorneys from the nearby courthouse area, and tourists who prefer fresh squeezed juices (try "Sweet Greens") rather than being another snout in the Fremont Experience trough.
I ate here for the first time today. I was really looking forward to it because I had heard so many great things about Rachel's kitchen. After eating here I cannot imagine what they were talking about. The food was less than mediocre. 

I had Rachel's chicken salad sandwich and sweet potato fries. The fries were cold. I mean very cold, like they had been sitting for 30 or 40 minutes cold. The sandwich should not be called chicken salad. There was barely any chicken. Basically you get diced apple pieces, sliced grapes and mayonnaise, with a tiny amount of chicken here or there. For $9.95 cold fries and fruit on stale bread. No thanks. 

I do plan to go back. I want to give them a second chance just because everyone else seems to enjoy it. I think I'll try breakfast next time. Maybe it is served hot. Wish me luck.
One of my top choices in Las Vegas for a fresh, tasty, and healthy meal. 

They also have smoothies, fresh juices, and pastries that are out of this world! 

So lucky to have this location at The Ogden downtown...really made a difference in my decision to move here.
Love, love, love Rachel's Kitchen! Delicious food at a great price! My favorite dish here is the Chopped Salad! The staff is so friendly and always seem to go above and beyond to make sure your visit is a great experience! If you're ever downtown and looking for a healthy alternative without breaking the bank then you'll love this place!!
Their Garden's Pasta is my favorite!! I told the server that I'm addicted to this dish.

Instead of penne, I always ask the chef to use angel's hair. 

Perfect mix of sundried tomatoes, mushrooms, peas, chicken, pesto in the noodles, with some cheese on top. I love it!

Their fresh juices are amazing too, and let's not forget about the super delish pecan bar. 

I highly recommend this place.
I stopped into this cute place for a quick breakfast bite. It cost 8 for a simple breakfast burrito which I thought was a little pricey. I ended up waiting 33 minutes for it. Three ingredients: egg, bacon, and potato.  They were nice staff but did not warn me the wait would be so incredibly long. I could have made it myself in half the time. I was disgruntled and let them know politely and they said sometimes things go a little slow in the kitchen. I was VERY disappointed they did not offer me even a cupcake or anything to show they genuinely cared about the frustrating delay.   Summary was a 5 minute order took 6 times longer than expected and they simply said sorry, things like this happen sometimes.  Boo!!!!
Downtown has become my haven of lunch time and solo time eating. I'm typically by myself during lunch time and I don't cuurrr! I am definitely an independent girl and can have a meal solo so downtown spots are perfect for that. I decided to give Rachel's Kitchen a whirl since I often went to the one in The District in Green Valley. Unfortunately The District got turned into The ROAD o CARS so I have been avoiding that area. I realize Downtown is no different, but The District *used* to have charm... not so much anymore.

Anyway, enough of my ranting - I like the fact this RK is Downtown. I like that it is in The Ogden, what I don't like is me driving past it twice looking for a place to park! *shakes fist* Well, I ended up metering, but I have gotten over that hump of going Downtown. So I meter. I don't care, pretty much every major city EXCEPT Las Vegas has meters everywhere for parking so I have come to terms.

This RK is set up quite the same as the one in The District with the great looking green-tiled tables and the nice snuggly cafe vibe. The employees were very sweet when I was here and offered honey/lemons for my tea and answered my questions regarding the soup of the day.

I really was hankering for soup/sandwich combo which RK has for $9.75. I say that's a decent price especially since you get a bowl of soup, not a cup. 

Turkey/Bacon/Avocado Sandwich (on sourdough) & Potato Cheddar Soup - The soup startled me because when it came out it was bright orange. I was like, "What is this trickery potato soup?" But, as I spooned the deliciously pureed potato and cheese into my mouth I decided it was quite delicious. I am sure the orange hue comes from copious amount of cheddar cheese, so ya know, fat girl status up in here! As for the sandwich it was a bit of a let-down. The bread was dry dry dry and did not have the richness I was expecting from a nice sourdough. I have a suspicion it was day(s) old bread. And there was an extra piece of bread in it which I didn't care for and removed. The turkey was all right and in my wold avocados make anything better, so it saved the sandwich a bit but not much.

Peach & Ginger Black Tea - I would come back for their teas to be honest. Sitting downtown sipping this amazing tea they have would be perfect on any winter day. I can't remember the name of the teas but the next time I go back I am writing it down in case I can get it for my own enjoyment at home.

Overall - Food-wise could use a little work. I hope when I go back the next thing I order completely redeems the dry bread. Ambiance, service, and overall experience was positive. Four stars it is for now.
Was looking for healthy, quick bite to eat in downtown Vegas. Enjoyed a fresh and "lite" turkey sandwich and a yummy, not so lite, lemon bar. Both were fresh and good.
 Next door to El Cortez hotel, with funky bikes parked in the front.
Clean, fun colors, fun atmosphere. Good place to meet a friend, which is what I was doing. Fun fresh, healthy choices, and not boring.
I absolutely love this place, so many healthy choices and some not so healthy, it's perfect anybody can find something to eat, their juices (I have tried them all) are so good, and the smoothies, so tasty (I have also tried them all), it's my to go place everyday for lunch. Great burgers, amazing sandwiches, you can choose the kind of bread you want, they even have gluten free bread, big and plentiful salads, big breakfast.  I just love it.
This is my favorite downtown spot. The owner's are AMAZING and so friendly. They make me feel right at home every time I'm there. This place is very child-friendly. My 2 YO is given a lunch pail with crayons and paper each time. The food is also awesome. The omelet is my favorite. And the watermelon juice is sooo good!
Very attentive staff and the food was very good. I had the turkey burger with sweet potato fries.  Fried were cooked perfectly and the burger was juicy and delicious.  They have us some free cookies to try that were also delicious.
First impresion was that this place was very, very clean. Counter-service restaurant with lots of good sounding juices on the menu, although it is not clear what is in any of them. Four of us ordered breakfast items: omelettes, eggs, fruits, toast, which were good. Went again a second time for salads, which were very ordinary and not at all worth the high prices. Go for breakfast and maybe juice; skip for salads.
We stopped in at Rachel's to grab a bit of breakfast while in Vegas. We tried the French Toast and an omelette. Both were very tasty. The French Toast was unique in that it was served on a sliced roll.
Having owned and operated Cape Cup in Orleans, Mass I am very critical when it comes to the food service industry.  I ordered the Breakfast Wrap.  When I bit into this sandwich it brought back memories of our old business Cape Cup!  It was fresh, moist, and absolutely delishous!  The wait staff was beyond warm and friendly.  They were caring, courteous, and very attentive.  As was the owner.  I felt very much at home as I visited.  A BIG thank you for a truly great experience.  I might add my second visit today was just as wonderful.
Cool location and great service!

The house pasta was large. It had penne pasta, chicken, sun-dried tomatoes in a cream sauce. We split that among 2 women and the portions were still decent. Very tasty!

Soup of the day was cream of mushroom soup which came with some bread. Not too crazy about it. Perhaps it can use some more whole chunks of mushroom to give it some texture. Maybe the pairing of the cream of soup with the cream-based house pasta was just too rich.

The employees were friendly, attentive, and helpful.
SO beyond dissapointed  with Rachels Kitchen. I placed a delivery order at 11:15 and was quoted a 30 minute wait time. When we had been waiting 45 minutes I called to find out if they were on their way. A very rude guy answered the phone and said my order had been ready and was waiting there to be picked up. When I said it was for delivery he said "No its not" and hung up on me. I called back only for him to answer again. He placed me on a 11 minute hold and the woman who answered said they would remake my sandwich and 2 juices and send them right out. It is now 12:45 and I just called back to find out they had not been sent out yet. What a fail! So dissapointed Rachels Kitchen. Get your ish together.
Rachel's Kitchen is my daily lunch spot in DTLV. I order off the menu everyday and it never bothers the staff. You can't ask for any better than that. I usually hit them with the Gluten Free pasta tossed in olive oil, add peas, mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes and chicken. No matter how busy they get during the lunch rush they always take special care of me. I'm pretty sure they'd to the same for all their customers so don't miss the Rachel's experience. It's worth it.
3 stars is almost generous. I got the 440 sandwich. It had a paper thin slice of chicken. The sandwich was 95% bread and tomato. The sweet potato fries were just average. A Tommyknocker imperial nut brown for $4 is not bad, though. It's funny, I was on jury duty this day. I ran from the courthouse to this place to try it out and ran back. I would be reluctant to give it a second chance on the food. Happy hour might be a reason to come back, but even then, why would I? There are plenty of other, better places to get a drink. Too many options downtown for me to see myself going here again.
Great gluten free options. I has zero issues and highly recommend.  Bread was from rubys and was very good as well. 

Help staff was very knowledgeable and kitchen handled minimizing risk of cross contamination beautifully as well.
Great service and amazing food . Great quality for the price . They catered our holiday brunch and were amazing . They worked with our budget and were so helpful and friendly . Everyone loved the food . Can't say enough about their service .
Great little breakfast / brunch spot. Good food and decent service. It's never too busy. They even have live music events now.  Great smoothies!
I'm use to eating at the original location in Summerlin, but this spot is equally delicious....and serves wine & beer!
This is my new favorite place for lunch with girlfriends and co-workers.  1st of all, I love the downtown location. 2nd, I love the fresh juices. 3rd, everything I have ever ordered has been amazing, especially the "lower calorie" items, like the egg white omelet and the veggie burger sandwich. The other items are amazing too!  If you are in the mood for some comfort food, try the Mac n Cheese. So good!!!  If you are interested in healthy food and a cool vibe, check it out. PS they sell alcohol, too. :-)
What a fantastic place.  I am so glad they opened downtown, but it is crowded for lunch!!  Today I had my old favorite, Cobb with no egg.  The chicken is so well seasoned, and tastes almost citrusy--specifically lemony.  On other days I will have...well, let's be honest, the mac and cheese or the grilled cheese.  I always get sweet potato fries with the sandwich.  The mac has onions and mushrooms.  Lots of people will ask for one or both of those things removed, but come on, try it!  It is good.  The 550 sandwich is awesome too...goat cheese is always my fave.  For a treat, grab the chocolate chip cookie.  Great.  Also, hit it after work for happy hour.  Wine is half price and there is usually a musician.  FANTASTIC!!!
Yummy quick healthy fresh and fair price. Short walk from freemont street. Everything you want in a tasty clean and pleasant modern restaurant. Staffed very well with a good variety of meals and treats including smoothies. Take a tiny walk from your downtown hotel and show them good food fast can be affordable downtown. You do not have to make yourself sick on a "cheap" buffet.
I've only been here a few times, but I have never been disappointed. Excellent customer service and ALWAYS amazing food. If you love yourself, order the acai berry smoothie and the Smoked Turkey & Avocado sandwich. Best items on the menu, as far as I'm concerned :)
Had wanted to try out Wild next door but it doesn't open until 11 am. Rachel's kitchen had a great menu with lots of options though! Everything seemed fresh and they had lots of healthy options.

I opted for "the favorite" omelette and Justin got the BLT sandwich with egg and fries.

The omelette was awesome- I loved the mixture of sundried tomatoes, avocado, goat cheese and shrooms! The homefries were lacking- they seemed to be the store bought kind. Justin enjoyed his BLT also!  We also ordered the berry smoothie.  It was made with frozen yogurt instead of soy milk which made it creamy and frozen!

I also had an iced coffee with soy milk but it wasn't the best.... Too much soy milk and the coffee had grounds in it that settled to the bottom.

They currently have an awesome yelp deal for half off any alcohol. Woohoo! Great way to attract customers! Unfortunately, we had to road trip afterwards so no mimosa with my brunch!

I was glad we came in before the lunch rush- this place seemed like the place to be!  Definitely worth trying out for fresh food worth the prices!
I had a pretty generic breakfast wrap (burrito) and a super delicious glass of fresh orange and carrot juice. My fiancee got a fresh watermelon juice, which was so well chilled and perfectly sweet that he has made me return several times since just to quell his cravings!
Food is wonderful! service is sloooooooow. Don't be in a hurry and you will be fine. I have eaten in the restaurant once, too afraid of massive wait to try it again, and had food delivered 3 times. It was a weekday morning 9am and not busy when I had my wait experience, btw.

Food 5 stars: Service 1 star.
Wow! Love in the service, ingredients, and presentation in Downtown Las Vegas.

This is the type of place we need in Los Angeles

Great breakfast items served ALL day as well as other lunch and dinner items! I had the signature omelette it has 3 eggs, avocados, sun dried tomatoes and goat cheese! Great way to start your day.

We also had a wheat grass shot as well to top it off!

They also have fresh squeezed fruit and vegetable juices as well as delicious desserts.

If your not on the strip, you must come here for a great, healthy, meal!
Ok, so we love this place, and get delivery at least 2-3 times a week to our office for lunch. Their fresh juices are to die for, salads are stellar, burgers are awesome, pasta is killer, no paninis unfortunately, only cold sandwiches. Why the 3 stars - just found out that their meat ingredients are generic store quality and NOT antibiotic/ hormone/ GMO free which should be the standard at healthy place to eat. Who knows what's in the meat or even veggies, scary thought, wonder why I didn't think of it sooner, just assumed they were using the best ingredients NOT. Hope they are reading and will take action!!
This is by far my favorite Rachel's Kitchen out of all the other locations. Their food is always on point, their juices are always good. Their food is consistently good (the other locations - not so much). I go here weekly and love it. The food is very fresh and the staff is fantastic! Once of my favorite places for lunch for sure!
This place is wonderful. I came in one evening absolutely starving and no expectations but I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was amazing and were happy to cater to my allergies. I hate having to annoy people with my allergies but they are always so nice about it. Service with a smile. 

The food was great and I've been several times since. My husband is obsessed with their protein breakfast since there don't seem to be a lot of nice breakfast places around. We just came from Australia so breakfast is a pretty big deal and Rachel's Kitchen does it right!
Gave this place 3 honest tries. 3 different items, 2 different times of day over a month period. The food just doesn't taste that great. 

Omelette... Burnt, small portion, with frozen style cubed potatoes. 

Tuna melt... Flavorless tuna salad, and needed more salt mixed in.

Burger... I'll post a photo... If that's medium well, I'd hate to see well... Maybe if I buy enough well done patties, and put them into a trash compactor, they'll turn into man-made diamonds! Fries were limp and definitely the cheap shoestring kind (suggestion - put them in a separate breathable bag for to-go orders, so that their own humidity doesn't make them into a soggy mess) 

Pricey for this quality of food, and they probably justify it because they have a juicer behind the counter, making them a "healthy" place that can charge a premium. Take your money elsewhere for a better lunch or breakfast experience...
The team at Rachel's Kitchen is amazing! I've been a customer since day 1. Love the food, awesome service, and really happy that they do so many community events like wine tastings and live music sessions!
Love having a Rachel's Kitchen in the neighborhood.  Service is top notch and you can't go wrong with their curry chicken salad or the scrambled eggs with tomato & basil for those rough mornings.  ;)
Rachel's kitchen is an exceptional restaurant with great good, great people, and the occasional great singer to delight you with chill background music. 

Fresh food and good local beer. The chicken sandwich is worth every penny. Go.
I was really impressed by the menu options, the food quality and the service.  You order at the counter and either wait for Take-out or sit down and have them bring it to your table.
This place is good if you are looking for quality salads, wraps, sandwiches or smoothies.  Their baked goods look great as well.
This is located about a block off Fremont, in the Ogden building.  Clean, bright and away from the Fremont chaos and weirdness.  Expect about $8-$10 for sandwiches and $5 for a smoothie.  A nice smoothie bonus is that you may add protein for $1.
This place is so good!! It's nice to finally be able to get real food in Vegas! They are very willing to substitute as need. The owner is so friendly she thanks her customers for coming. Wow haven't seen this done in years!!!!
Quality ingredients, great variety and super friendly. Our family has tried soups, sandwiches, juices and salads all delicious. Great all around daytime food and environment!
Amazing. The sweet greens juice is best juice I've ever had.  The food is really good too.
My Wife and Myself love this place! Great menu, service is excellent, tasty food and juices. A big plus is they deliver, although we sat in their dining room which was clean and inviting. 
What a refreshing little oasis in this mad city!
Fresh ingredients, great food and service.  Very comfortable place to have a really good meal and take a break from the heat and crowds.  Thanks Rachel!
Was here yesterday and the service was beyond slow... my food order was wrong.... TWICE! The girl that took my order was nice, but that's about the only positive thing I have to say about this place. The food was.... forgettable...  I would've been better off going to McDonalds and saving myself a couple bucks. The service and the food is just not worth it.
This review is for the Downtown/Ogden location only.

Today I ordered lunch for my office.  We order for pick-up or delivery from this location at least once or twice weekly.  The service is always wonderful and you'll always get a smile whether you are in the restaurant or order delivery.

I ordered a Chicken Finger Wrap with onion rings and a Sweet Greens Juice.  Today's portion size was laughable.  There was more wrap than filling and only THREE onion rings.  THREE!!!  

A coworker mirrored my order and also had only THREE onion rings in her meal as well.  She was also unhappy with her wrap.  This got us talking...most of us have noticed a decline in food quality and quantity from this location.  Very dissapointing.  We all love Rachel's and will continue to order for lunch but I hope this review is read and the concerns addressed.  

We will give it a couple more tries but at this point there are too many other options to settle for an unsatisfactory lunch no matter how nice the employees are.
Rachels Kitchen is a great spot for breakfast or lunch downtown. My most recent order was for a few catering trays and they were delivered on time and fresh. we had a tray of wraps, a big salad and tray of brownies and various desserts. All were excellent and the portions were very generous.
Ok....I confess, I'm a huge fan of Rachel's Kitchen.  Always healthy, consistent in quality and so delicious. 

Today, I had the 440 Sandwich in a spinach wrap.  Truth be told, I was dreaming about this sandwich last night in my sleep and was excited to know after boot camp that it would be the next meal consumed. 

Oh....so back to the 440....grilled chicken, goat cheese (I think it is the goat cheese that really pulls this together), avacado, roasted red pepper, roasted tomatoes and lettuce.  The wrap makes it snug, which I like, but you can also have it on bread.  Delicious! 

Healthy, delicious and in DTLV (downtown Las Vegas)
Rachel's Kitchen is the BEST
We love the incredibly friendly staff, immaculate restaurant and fresh food!  It's a great spot to unwind with a healthy meal downtown. The fruit salad is always outstanding!
Bad day at Rachel's today.  When we walked in on a busy Friday lunch, half the tables were reserved.  We waited while four tables were cleaned to actually get a table.  When I finally got my medium well cheeseburger, it was RAW.  Still waiting for them to correct it.  Doubt it will happen before my meter runs out!!

They did bring us a brownie!!!
This place had benefited from having a somewhat normal menu in a very hipster/trying to hard area of town. 

Prices are absurd, being it's the only place I know of to get a protein shake downtown, I have been known to grab one here every now and then. Things is, I get your standard banana/peanut butter protein shake and it's $8 bucks here when it's $5 at any other smoothie shop on earth. Needless to say, I've stop coming in.

I live downtown and I'm all for supporting local establishments, but when I go to a restaurant and ask an employee questions about menu item, I expect an answer, not, "hold on, let me ask". I hate that. Why don't you know your own menu, you only work there? 

I've had the turkey burger here, it was very forgettable, I've had an egg wrap here, it was even more forgettable. My wife has had the pancakes, i think she kinda liked it, but the other time we went together, she got the "veggie burger" or "garden burger" or whatever they call it and the patty was full of cheese tho the menu made zero attempt to make you aware of this. She ordered it without cheese. If you worked there would that raise a flag that this person doesn't want any cheese? And then wouldn't you want to make your customer who is paying $10+ dollar for a shitty meatless burger aware of the cheese riddled patty? The answer is no. Also if you worked there, you wouldn't have known about the cheese in the patty, cause no one that works there knows anything. 

They received an extra star for serving coke products, so keep in mind this is actually a one star review that got a much needed but undeserving boost.
Came here cause the kids didn't see anything for them on the menu at EAT. Kids liked the breakfast burrito and the pancakes. My wife got coffee which was seriously BAD. Honestly, these days there's just no excuse for having bad coffee. Asked them to make a fresh pot and it didn't help...
I absolutely love this restaurant. The owners are truly great people. The location is perfect. Near all the action and easy to get to. The food is always fresh and delicious.
I ended up going to Rachel's for lunch because there are not many healthy options in the areas near the strip. 

The parking situation here is a pain and even though there is a spot to use a credit card, the parking machine only takes cash and coins. 

I sampled the tuna and curried chicken salad before deciding what to order. The tuna had an excess amount of mayonnaise and the chicken was dry. I looked at the menu for an additional five minutes because I did not know what to order and was skeptical because I did not think the food was up to par based on the samples. I decided on the chicken sandwich on the light menu and my friend chose the tuna even though she tried it as well and was not impressed.

The sandwich I had was poorly stacked and because the lettuce was placed on the bottom it became wilted. I did not enjoy the seasoning of the chicken which is all I could taste when eating my sandwich. My friend said her tuna was overly watery which made the tortilla soggy. She also thought there was too much tuna and additional ingredients were needed in order to combat the mushiness of the tuna.

Both times I have been to Rachel's I have found the food to be average and lazily made.
I loved this place when it first opened, however, they have gotten my order wrong several times since and the portion sizes change all the time. Their inconsistency is a disappointment.. You never know what you're going to get!
I was very excited to come and try out this new healthy restaurant. I was very unsatisfied with the portion size and price. The flavors of the salad were very good but for $11 I would have hoped for a bigger meal. I have not tried the juices yet, but they too run pretty price at $7 each.
Finally a "fast-food" place that doesn't serve meals full of trans fatt, sodium and sugar!!!!  I call those the 3 devils.  I had the French Quarter and loved it!  It was full of flavor and the right portion size.  As a former nurse, and current personal trainer I a, so glad to see this restaurant some to Scottsdale!  The service was very friendly, and place was very clean.  I will go back!!!
Just stopped in and grabbed a smoothie with kale, celery, acai, pear, hemp seed, and agave- excellent choice.

It was a little expensive at $7, but ill pay that price for fresh, quality fruit and veggies. The young lady behind the counter was helpful and informative, explaining the products they currently had as well as ones they were coming out with. 

Ill be back to try some more items soon, they have breakfast and lunch items also.
If you're accustomed to shoveling massive quantities of food into your pie-hole and want a $5 super-size lunch this probably isn't your kind of place...
If you appreciate quality and also value your health, this place is an excellent choice. The food was really tasty and made from whole organic ingredients (I had the Tokyo Bay).  The menu was a bit confusing at first since they don't describe what type of food you're getting (sandwich, salad, etc) but once you figure that out you're set... The fact that they'll email you the receipt is a nice touch and keeps your wallet from getting too bloated.
While visiting Scottsdale on business, I was circling parking lots to find something I could eat before a business meeting that meets my dietary restrictions due to food allergies, primarily wheat/gluten and vinegar.  This can often be a challenge when looking for a quick bite.

Fortunately I ran across GrabbaGreen.  I was starving so I went for both a bowl and a juice.  I generally grab quick lunches at Whole Foods or Central Market salad bars, which can add up real quick when paying by the ounce, so I thought this meal was good value.

I went the creative route building both my bowl and drink from the extensive list of ingredients.  The biggest surprise was to see Moroccan Harissa  as a sauce option.  I love spicy things and Harissa is one of my favorite vinegar free condiments.  While my choices were brave (noodles, spinach, peppers, pistachios, feta) the bowl turned out awesome and was very filling.

The juice menu was extensive, and my chaotic choices for a customize juice blend turned out equally impressive.  The service was also fantastic.

The result, I had a great meal, and felt great afterwards with no food allergy induced food hangover.  I wish this was an option in all the cities I travel to for business.
So i ran into this while on lunch and was excited to see a fresh juice spot. Been juicing for a lil under a week so i had an idea on what to expect. I was not disappointed! I did the create your own and ordered, cucumber & kale with bananas & coconut, along with the whey protein & something else but cant remember. Just know that it was delicious!! For $7 i was not disappointed in the amount i got. Its a tall cup, i think about 8-10 ozs. I will be coming back. Also the food options sounded great as well.
We broke a tradition today and it sure was worth it! Every year since my daughters first year of school it has been a family tradition to go for ice cream on the first and last day of school....when I picked up my sixteen year old today she said she did not ice cream but instead wanted to try a new place she read about. So off to GrabbaGreen we went. In a land of high fat, high sugar, deep fried, frozen, processed crap on every corner, this place was literally like finding an oasis in the desert.  I had the French Quarter which I found delicious. The shrimp were delicious and not overcooked, the veggies were fabulously fresh and the creamy avocado dressing and abundant chunks of fresh avocado were just perfect. My daughter got the SoCal and loved it and her friend got the the Southwest and couldn't wait to come back with her family. 
One sure sign that the place is a hit was the line...the place was swamped. Yes, there was quite a wait for our food....consider the fact that this is a new business and I'm sure it will take some time to hit their stride. They are not throwing a chunk of some frozen nastiness into a boiling vat of oil and waiting for a buzzer to go off...they are making awesome fresh food and you have to think there is a little more prep involved. The manager was awesome and when we pointed out that our order was wrong, she comped the whole thing. That made for a win win situation for the customer and gave the business a chance to see what areas they need to work on as opposed to not saying anything then ripping the business apart on yelp with a nasty review! I always find it interesting when you see rave reviews on a restaurant and then read a random review that is just plain mean....obviously it stands out from all the others and you can't help but question the motive. 
As far as price, I will gladly pay a few extra dollars just for the option of eating fresh real food as opposed to the Frankenfood found on every corner. I can't wait to go back!!
Seriously, this place cannot get any better.  Firstly, the people are AWESOME!!! They took the time to go through the menu with me and to boot, remembered my name from my first visit!  That's some serious customer service and talent.  

On to the shakes, TO DIE FOR!!! So good and so refreshing and tastes beyond amazing.  I absolutely love this place and have been back a good 7 or 8 times since. Beware, you will become addicted.
Wow! So far so good! 
I came in today for lunch. Had Quinoa Pasta with tofu, tomatoes, cucumbers, broccoli, feta and sesame. It was great! I'm full and satisfied but $10 was a bit much to pay. I think $8-$9 would have been a better price point. 

My biggest suggestion is changing the hours from 8-8 to 7-7, it would allow those who work at 8 to grab a juice first.
Love!! So I just discovered GrabbaGreen. I work in the area and everyday I sit in my office for about 10 minutes trying to figure out where to eat for lunch, since I eat pretty clean. And I inevitably end up at one of the same two places eating the same thing. Well now I have some options!! GrabbaGreen has a pretty cool selection of healthy food, juices and smoothies. I opted for the SoCal and it was full of flavor. I'm a meat girl by nature and this is a vegetarian dish but it didn't disappoint. I also got to sample one of their smoothies (primi protein i think)...super refreshing.  Planning on trying one of their salads next.  Oh and the customer service was top notch. I was greeted by the owner right away and the entire staff was helpful and friendly.
A place has to be pretty bad for me to take the time to do this. This place is the biggest waste of money. I asked for the greenest pure juice they have. I was told to pick 4 vegetables- I chose kale, spinach, carrots, and celery. After waiting a ridiculously long time- I was served a half cup of carrot juice. The portion size is too small to fit the proper amount of greens and get a satisfying size of juice. You can get much more juice (and greens), better service, for less money at Wholefoods or another juice bar.  I expressed my amazement and dissatisfaction when they handed me my juice and was basically told, this is just how it is. I paid $20 for 3 drinks that were basically two big sips of carrot juice. This place is a rip-off. Don't waste your time or money. I went to Wholefoods after for a real green juice.
I can only comment on their smoothies, which have all been very good (and healthy).

This place is not for you if you're not looking for healthy/real food. 

If they dropped their prices 10-15% on the smoothies I would feel better about going there more often (and giving them 5 stars).
I'm so happy there's an awesome smoothie shop so close to home! They have so many good for you smoothies, I haven't tried the food, but they are one of the few places (like whole foods) that uses amazing ingredients. I spent 7 bucks on a smoothie but it was well worth it, and not filled with sugar filled sorbet like jamba.
I stopped in the other day and had the most delicious quinoa noodle, veggie, and chicken dish. I was so happy with it, I am going back again tomorrow to try something else. I would highly recommend. The staff is friendly, the decor is nice and the menu is extensive. I love how they put the food in chinese take-out boxes. Please open one in North Central Phoenix!
Great food, great smoothies. HUGE list of options for both. Not a lot of places offer maca or hemp in a $7 smoothie. Love it.
Welcome to my new addiction. UGH! I went in today based on a friends recommendation. At first glance, the menu is a tad overwhelming. I looked it over and then once at the register, I asked for a few of their most popular items. One of the items recommended was The South Beach. Looked good to me. (I held the feta and added chicken). I was surprised to see it come in a "to go" box but....whatever.  I grabbed a fork and dug in. OMG! DELISH! I immediately grabbed a menu so I could decide what I was going to get tomorrow! 
Seriously, I can't wait to go back.  The food is a little pricey but when you consider most items are organic...you're going to pay more which I'm OK with.  If iceburg lettuce and Ranch is your thang, don't go. If you are into whole, hearty, healthy, green food....this is your place. .TRY IT! 
(BTW...love the ipad POS!)
This was my second visit. I really want this place to do well so I hope they make the necessary adjustments for improvement. It seems obvious to me that mornings would be a busy time. There were 2 employees but only one was making food- the other went to the back when it got busy. I understand juices & smoothies take some time - they need a better system to manage more than one order at a time. I was sad to see that a place so new had FILTHY cabinets (they had been open for less than an hour so I doubt it was from that day). The food is delicious and I really want them to succeed. Please schedule staff appropriately and maintain a level of pride in your appearance. I want to remain a loyal customer!
I'm going to have to say that maybe my tastes are heavy but it was definitely a nifty fast food but more awesome type of dining experience.  They do super healthy shakes and food and have some great and unique selections that has opened my eyes to a different array of tastiness.  I got some quinoa noodles with some other fillings and was really surprised about the healthiness taste.  Perhaps I craze the butter and salt but this was wonderful food for the healthy and fit conscious such as myself.  I know I should eat good and this place could and will inspire someone to take the simplicity home and do it!!!  The price points are a bit steep but a new restaurant/swing in always has some growing pains and with time I think this place will definitely ramp up.  I'll be back fooooooooo sho and try the smoothies next time!!!
The first time the food was very tasty. This time it was disgusting, if I had time I would have came back in but I was stuck at work. I ordered the exact same thing I ordered on my first visit. 
The quinoa pasta was in chunks (like when you leave elbow pasta on the stove too long and it turns into one gigantic slimy chunk) The broccoli was in such a large clump I had to get a knife to cut it. There was no feta and there was so much sauce on it that the bottom of the container looks like soup. 
The flavor was off, it tasted more like sesame oil than sesame sauce. 

Very disappointed, I wanted to love this place =(
Love the idea! We need more places where we can get some healthy eats and drinks!
Smoothies and Juices ($7) are great and they have tons of options (squash, beats, ginger, avocado, peppers, gogi, peanut butter, almond milk, coconut water, coco, etc.). You can also make your own. They sweeten most of their drinks with organic raw blue agave. 
Eats ($10) were a little disappointing. This is where the three star rating comes in place. My husband got the Indochin which is a more of a noodle bowl. The flavor was very similar to curry, but doesn't say that on the description, so if you don't like curry don't get this. I got the Gulf of Mexico which was a salad. The shrimp is raw not grilled and the avocado cream is more like mashed avocado. Coming in, I expect it to be healthy; however, being healthy doesn't mean lacking in flavor. I wanted to grab some salt and pour it all over my healthy salad! Not good. I love the concept....so I will be giving it another shot.
Customer Service: Employees were quick and helpful!
Got the Gulf of Mexico salad which was tasty.  However the shrimp in the salad were not deveined.  When I brought it to the staff attention they explained they get the shrimp prepared from an outside source. Well obviously no quality control  but the salad it self was good but for $10 I expect the shrimp to be deveined.
This is my new favorite restaurant in North Scottsdale! It's a super convenient place to grab a quick bite for lunch or to grab something to go! So far, I've tried the Looking Lucious smoothie, the Southwest, shots of wheatgrass, and several create-your-own juices... And I have zero complaints! So delicious, so fresh, and so healthy! I will definitely be frequenting this place all the time!
I enjoyed the Mediterranean salad with Tofu.  They do charge extra for protein added and $2 extra for the amount that was added....was too much.  With that said, I'd go back again, order the same salad with no extra protein and dressing on the side.  Prefer to be able to add the dressing to my taste - believe less is more!  Anyways,  on a side note, there was some nice eye candy there that day.  The men that were there having lunch --- WOW!  I'm not a cougar...but if I was one, I'd go there for lunch on a Saturday again.  Teehee!
My review is only on their Acai Bowls, which is NOT real acai bowls. It is basically a acai smoothie with the various toppings. I watched them pour in acai juice into the blender with banana and ice...when in other places they blend pure frozen acai puree resulting in rich purple color and taste of acai. What I got was just a diluted acai juice smoothie. They also serve it up in a cup rather than a bowl. Needless to say, it was a disappointment and a waste of money for $7.
Finally a place to order healthy and FAST food! I got the Tokyo Bay and Pina Protein to share with my kids. My kids got the kids bowls with chicken, rice, and a veggie. All of it was great. My husband got a juice to drink that had kale in it and it was really good as well. We really were happy to find somewhere quick and healthy to bring our kids. They had a really cute short table just for the kids with chairs just their size. We will definitely go again! The only constructive criticism I have is that I hadn't been here before and was overwhelmed with the menu. The guy taking my order seemed annoyed instead of helpful when I asked what was good. The menu was huge so a suggestion or two would have been helpful.
People in my office go here all the time and so far I have only had a smoothie and it was really good. Everyone loves it so finally I went to the location. Its a little hole in the wall and VERY busy. It smells great and generally they are pretty quick. I had the indochin with out the cilantro. It was pretty good but lacked a bit of flavor in the noodles. I will probably add the soy sauce alternative they offer next time if I get this again.The chicken was good though. Its nice to get a bowl that tastes good and fills you up. Everything is gluten free so that's a nice healthy alternative to whats out in the world.

I will definitely go back to try more.
The worst pile of mush in crappy containers I have ever had. The place was filthy. The food is actually inedible. I wouldn't even feed to my dogs. Then again they eat raw vegan and organic. This place is a hole. An hour of my life I'll never get back and $40 for two bowls and two juices of all which got thrown away. GG is a JOKE on anything healthy or nutritionally orientated. It's really too bad that people are so desperate for "healthy" food or no longer have taste buds from eating so unhealthy that they really think these boxes of crap are good. You know, my bad though. After seeing how filthy it was, no greeting upon entering, being handed off to the sweaty guy who couldn't even look us in the eye to take our order, because I think he was too busy worried about the sweat about to roll down his face, GROSS! I should have walked out. The only thing they have going is location, I think. I live in Cenpho and generally can't stand anything in NS, because as I have found out it always like this. Pseudo trendy, subpar food and crap service to wannabe's. Oh, they hit the nail on the head. Here's my suggestion for anyone wanting to try this place, Grab onto your Greens, shove them as far in your wallet or pocket  as possible and save your hard earned money for truly great healthy food. Take a drive to the SE part of the city and see how Pomegranate Caf gets it right.
Glad to have found a healthy juice/food place I can get lunch at! And yes, I totally "cheated" and got the kids Mac 'n cheese... Makes me feel better on days like this.
Great place... Truly tasty and healthy food. Great for a quick lunch or dinner!!  I highly recommend the So Cal with chicken... Atmosphere is nice and the owners are very involved and care about their customers.
I wasn't overly impressed...slow service...very bland without a lot of seasoning...overpriced... I was looking for a great healthy option to add to my dining rotation...looks like I'm still looking
I've been hoping for a place like GrabbaGreen to come to the neighborhood. They offer a variety of smoothies, fresh juices, acai bowls, and rice (or other grain) bowls. It is a little pricey, but good, fresh ingredients can be. (I spent $18 on a rice bowl with tofu and a fresh juice, but I was able to stretch the bowl into two meals). You have to like healthy if you're going to like GrabbaGreen. And I do, so I thought it was pretty good. My bowl (I got a BBQ one) was a little bland, but nothing that a dash of Siracha didn't solve. Their fresh juice was a little small, but very tasty. I also have picked up a smoothie there and it was big enough to end up being my dinner. I'm excited to try their Acai bowls next!
Not bad!!! I ordered the Patagonia with quinoa and chicken.... Very good , but WAY too much corn in it.... Yucky.....next time I will be sure to ask for very little corn or none at all. The fact that its all gluten free is extremely appealing to me being that I cannot eat gluten. Seems quite pricey to me, but that's kind of typical for gluten free stuff.
I will be visiting again!!! I had no idea it was so close to my home!! Another huge hooray!! They should add some misters outside to make the outdoor seating a bit more comfortable because the inside seating is extremely minimal and always full.
I wanted to like this place, I really did. I was so excited to try it out...they make meals like I do at home. My mantra is Grain-Protein-Fat-Green. It is what I do.

So first we encounter the bored girl at the cash register who really wanted to be anywhere but there. She swayed when she waited, her cat eyeliner made her boredom look arrogant & she couldn't wait to get our order taken so she could move on.

The area is cramped. It's still summer so eating inside is appreciated. We had women sitting at tables waiting for to-go orders & single men taking 4 tops. The rudeness in the patrons was personified doubly in the employees.

I truly believe it must suck to work there & that's why it's so hard for everyone to smile. NO ONE SMILED. Everyone looked like they were being judged constantly by the middle-aged, blonde-ponytailed woman behind the counter. They looked like they hated their jobs. And frankly, it made it feel weird & I wanted to leave. Like I had been invited to a dinner party where the hosts had JUST had a huge blowout fight before I arrived. Awkward tension.

So cat-eye girl wanted my husbands last initial because there were two "John's". So he gives her D. When they finally call our order they call "John" & two Johns stand up because the necessary D had been lost in communication. 

The food is bland. They offer some really great sounding sauces but as a green-eater myself I know a cup of spinach is drying to the mouth so maybe I would've done better to choose another green, or maybe when they use spinach they should make some allowances for the taste in their measurements.
My husband DID like his however, he did not have spinach.

It's overpriced. I can make the same thing at home for $2 per family member.  I would feel more comfortable paying $7-8 than $10. It feels like I have to be exploited because I like to eat organically. NO I DON'T!!

Now is it an awesome idea? YES! Do they offer a semi-quick healthy lunch alternative? YES! Would I go back? NO!!!
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!!!  thankfully there is finally a place to order the healthiest stuff around, and the staff is very knowledable about nutrition!  you can get pea protein, egg protein, and soy protein so your not just stuck with whey protein like every other lame smoothie place. whey doesn't agree with me and frankly......if your going to make smoothies, you should offer options......THEY DO!!!! LOTS. you can basically have them make any kind of fresh organic veggie juice, NOT from concentrate.... and they offer wheat grass juice shots........YAY......not easy to find in convenient locations.  they also make their own home made raw almond milk........YAY also not easy to find, and its not really that cheap to make it at home. now I can have raw almond milk in my smithies and expresso in the morn!  YAY for Grabba Green.........keep up the good work.........and you are definitely worth the price for wholesome food on the go!!!!!!!!!!
I really love the concept and will continue to go here since there really is nothing comparable. However, I do think the restaurant could use some constructive feedback. I would not say the staff is outwardly friendly. Asking for recommendations from the intimidating menu don't really occur. The staff doesn't seem to know their product too well. I know that everything is made fresh, but it takes quite a while to get smoothies made. It seems like their productivity could increase if they used their assembly line a bit better. Ordering takeout? Forget about it. My order has yet to be right, dressing on the salads are paltry at best. Asking for custom made orders and usually there is an error. Overall, the food is good. Can't beat the healthy factor. But for a quick and consistent meal, they are going to need to make some changes.
DO NOT go here if you have Celiac disease or are allergic to gluten! I have been in here a few times and was very excited to find a new place that is supposedly 100% gluten-free right near where i live. Only problem is, this place is NOT 100% gluten free like they have posted all over their menu and walls. The first couple of times I went in for lunch the food was good. I noticed that they had oats as a breakfast item and mentioned my excitement to the girl taking my order, she confidently told me that everything in the store was 100% gluten free including the organic steel cut oats. I ordered the oats yesterday morning and for the rest of the day I had to sit by the toilet and was forced to leave work early. I called the store and asked them about it and sure enough, the girl on the phone told me that the oats were gluten free, but not certified gluten free (In other words, THEY ARE NOT GLUTEN FREE). This should be against the law to falsely advertise the restaurant as gluten free (100% gluten free listed right on the menu) when it is not. I am about ready to sue. I WILL NOT be back to Grabbagreen, and I hope you will stop serving gluten in your store or at least remove the label that says 100% gluten free so no one else has to experience what I went through.
Ate here for the first time today and it was very tasty! The only complaint I have is that their avocado tasted a little off, but otherwise my salad was fantastic! The customer service was wonderful! And the atmosphere that they project is very energetic! I will definitely be coming back!
WOWZA! You know when I have my food contacts on speed dial, the food has gotta be amaze-balls and a top ten-er! When you walk in, the health attacks you and appeals to your senses.  The vibe is alive: the fit customers, the smell of fresh veggies and smoothies being prepared, the sound of the Grabba Greeners making your dish to absolute perfection and when your food is done being prepared ever so quickly, your taste buds will sing! 

The menu is endless. You can get food or drink (smoothies). As far as a bite to eat, I always get the same thing but I know there are at least 10 things I would like. You can pick the pre-made hot or cold items or you can make your own! Just choose your grain, protein, up to 3 super nutrients, low fat sauce, and dairy item. I don't eat a totally gluten-free diet but the stuff I've been reading about gluten says it's bad news. What'll ya know? Grabba Green's menu is gluten-free! I'm addicted to the "French Quarter". I don't love Red Pepper so they will substitute it for broccoli or anything I want without the fuss! They did mess up my specialty order once but I am not one to hold a grudge when they are always perfect and consistent in every way. As a side note, the "French Quarter is loaded with onion so you may want to have your tic tac ready.

I *do* think the price is a little steep for the small portion size but the health benefits and finding good, fresh food is hard to find so it's worth it to do your body good.  

I've seen places come and go in that lil' spot there. It seems to be a buzzin' there every time I go. I really hope that means it is going to stay alive.
I have been here a few times and it is good (I wouldn't go so far as to say great). The downside is that it is crazy busy at lunchtime and there are very few places to sit so unless you are getting takeout you may have to stand at the long counters near the bathroom to eat (which could have high chairs but don't). Also, it is definitely overpriced. Ten dollars is just too much for the lunch portion you get. If it was $7 or $8 I wouldn't feel so ripped off and would be more likely to return. I probably won't be back. I just don't think it's that fantastic to make it worth the price.
Was in Scottsdale for four days for a conference and came here twice. Loved having a healthy yet affordable option for lunch and dinner. Enjoyed rice bowls and freshly made juices on both visits. Wish we had a place like this in my hometown!
Finally, a healthy, wholesome, fast-food alternative! I've only visited once and my family tried the French Quarter, La La Luscious smoothie, Feeling Fabulous smoothie and the Detox juice - all were great! The comments I read about the food being bland is probably because a lot of people are used to so much salt in their food, and here they don't do this. I felt everything tasted fresh and delicious! I could taste all the flavors of each ingredient listed in the menu of the dish we ordered. The kids were really digging the smoothies. Any health eatery is going to be on the pricey side, but if I have to eat out, I rather feel better eating here than saving a few bucks elsewhere. I also enjoy their smoothie and juice menu way better than Whole Foods. There are really great combinations, or you can make a custom drink for the same price...and the serving size is bigger :)

The place is pretty small and can get busy, but when I was there, the crew got everyone through pretty fast. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area.
This place just gets it right with food quality!  My entire staff at New Serenity Spa eat breakfast, lunch and dinner at grabbagreen.  It is very difficult to find good, quality food on the go and these gals managed to take healthy eating/living possible for on the run people like me.

I recommend both the food and smoothies.  I usually create my own entree but their menu selections are equally good.  

I give high kudos to this business!!  Thank you for opening up a restaurant that can actually benefit our health instead of most fast food restaurants that are loaded with low quality ingredients.  I will be back again and again!
Finally! A "healthful" restaurant that is actually HEaLTHY! Great menu, fresh ingredients, friendly service. Prices on the entrees were fair and filled me up! I'm so happy to have this place in my neighborhood. I have yet to try the juices yet....prices seem a but high but I guess I'll need to go back and try them out.
Terrible service today and the past 2 weeks. Ive been a valuable customer the past month and they keep changing prices on me and managent has no idea what is going on. One manager says one thing and the other says something else. I called my special  order in at 9am this morning and the guy on the phone had me repeat my order several times and couldn't get it right still so his manager took my order and once again she didnt even get it right. On top of that my order has been the same for the past month. Anyways today I got there at 12 because when I called it in tjeu said itd be ready by noon. I got there at 1205 and they didnt even start my order. The manager made me stand there waiting for something that hasnt even been started.  I got there and literally waiting 10 minutes till I said can I get my juices and she said 10 more minutes. . Well 20 minutes later it's ready. They finally got it... just took wayyy too long and they were so unorganized.  Plus once I placed my order I also heard the managers bicker and fight. They dont have a "mute" button on the phone so u can hear all of their conversations. Not classy
As much as I like the food, here are some issues I have encountered while visiting.... Music is WAY too loud... You can barely hear the people taking your order over the blaring stereo.... There needs to be a disclaimer noting that the food is NOT safe for celiacs, nor for people with peanut or tree nut allergies. There should be a calorie count on each of their food and drink items they make themselves as well... This should have been done long before the establishment even opened... And someone should have investigated the actual "gluten free" menu and stated it was not safe for celiacs to consume.
Again, I do love the food and the acai bowls and a couple of the drinks, but I really think some of the things I stated really do need to be addressed, or, have disclaimers on the menus about allergies.
My purpose of updating my review is to help them, not bash them... Overall the concept is wonderful, and welcome in a little shopping area of fast food garbage.  If this were my company, I would want input from consumers to help me be a better establishment and to listen to consumers wants or suggestions.
About a month ago, I started the juicing trend.  I wish I had the time to make all of my favorite juices, but I don't.  So when I work in Scottsdale, the go to place for me is grabbagreen.

I find their juices and smoothies to be very tasty....so much so that it is hard for me to have a processed juice from any store.  They are fresh and they don't have preservatives, which I find actually refreshing.  I am so happy that there is a place like this in my vicinity.  I can't even complain about the prices.  A little high?  Maybe, but it is a meal that you are having.  (And they have great rice and quinoa meals as well, btw)

My only complaint is the customer service.  They need to have more knowledgeable employees.  And I have been in there many times in the past and not once was I offered a punch card....I didn't even know that they had one until this past week.  I could have gotten a free smoothies 3 times over if I was told about this before.
Grabagreen is a hit! This whole-food, gluten free option was impressive. Basically, you can order a predetermined dish or you can pick your ingredients. I had quinoa, shrimp, avocado, red bell pepper, kale, feta, and the avocado sauce. It was delicious. I also had to try a smoothie. In this case, I went with a pre-listed option: Look Lucious. The flavored were right on. The style of this establishment is quick and easy, order at the counter style. They put your order in a little box regardless so you can eat in or out. It's not very big but there are several outdoor tables too. 

I'll be back!
The reasons this place only gets 3 stars:

1. The music is way too LOUD- this needs to change.
2. How can the business use the word "green" and also serve their smoothies in STYROFOAM cups? I feel evil drinking out of them :(
3. It is a little overpriced- I could go to Whole Foods down the street and get better quality food for half the price; but I suppose we're also paying for the convenience.

This reason this place gets 3 stars:

1. The food is pretty healthy and convenient.
2. It's cute, clean and has a good location (service is good, too!)
3. The Energy Elevator is a dream come true! What?! A shot of espresso in a purely healthful smoothie?!!?! Sign me up!
I definitely have to say how grateful I am that this place is down the street from where I work. 

The smoothies are tasty and I definitely have enjoyed each one I have tried. 
It gets a little busy at lunch, so I try to swing by early to beat the crowd. 

It would be great to have a count of ingredients/calories that way you know what you are consuming. 

The only downside I will say, is that I understand customer service can be a little stressful, especially in a rush, however, I am paying $7.50 for a smoothie, not the attitude I get because I asked you if I could possibly add more banana into the smoothie. Whoever is at the register is generally hit or miss, some days you are a huge inconvenience and others you are the best thing that ever walked up to them! 

That aside, I highly recommend.
What a fresh and refreshing lunch spot. Super healthy. They are satisfying all of the LuLu Lemon lovers. The place has a modern clean feel to it. The green colored walls keep the mood levels up along with the trance and chill music. 

There's an abundant amount of choices to create your own lunch bowl. $10 is a fair price. They also have tons of smoothies or detox/juices. All you hear are smoothie machines grinding away to generate your drink to your pleasure. Steam is rising from the rice cookers for your bowls dishes. 

The staff are friendly and knowledgable. FYI, they will bottle and seal your own juices with a two hour notice 

One down side. Every dish is served in a brown box. I personally prefer a bowl since I chose to eat in the establishment. If half stars could be awarded than 4.5 STARS.
Where do I start? I recently moved into the neighborhood  and was extremely excited when I noticed this place. I love a quick healthy option and this seemed perfect. Well, far from it. One evening I decided to try it out, checked their hours on the website to be sure they were open it was 8:30p and their site stated they closed at 9:00p. Awesome. When I got there 10 minutes later I walked in to the chairs being stacked up and food being put away. I kindly asked if they were still open to which the 6 employees standing around responded in unison looking around at each other, "uuuuhhhhhh, uuuummmmm....kinda."  So I'm standing at the door like an idiot waiting for someone to say "of course, we're open until 9:00p, how can I help you?!" But no, I had to make the first move to say  "well, sorry to bother you I guess I'll try this some other time" .  They said bye, GIGGLED, and continued closing up shop early. 

My second attempt was unfortunately forced upon me this afternoon. I'm a medical sales rep and cater several lunches per week and had a request for gluten free meals. Grabba Green came to mind so I placed a phone order. After providing my CC info I made a split second decision to ask for all sauces on the side. The employee became quickly and noticeably exasperated, literally sighing and speaking a million miles a minute telling me she now had to hurry and go tell the cooks that sauce was on the side, to which I APOLOGIZED, just before she hung up on me. I showed up, practically bagged my own food, and left.

If service was better I could see myself using them a couple times a week to cater these lunches (which typically range from 15-50 people and at about $10/meal that would be a nice bit of business for one order). I don't care how great/healthy their food is, the service is horrible and their employees are incredibly rude. If I were the owners I would be livid at the way these kids are representing my business.
This has become my go to place for lunch and sometimes dinner. I try to eat and live a healthy lifestyle, and if you know anything about me, I succeed at it. If I don't bring my lunch to the office I usually go here as it is convenient, quick, delicious, and healthy. They are the only place I've found that actually serves Quinoa. I highly recommend this over sandwiches or fast food. Give it a try and you wont be disappointed.
Great concept! Look forward to more and more organic choices. Also, please consider getting rid of the styrofoam cups and going with a more 'green' option.
I was underwhelmed my "Tokyo" selection. For me, it needed something with flavor.  Perhaps lemon or hmmm...not sure.  The texture seemed a bit "mushy" for me as everything was steamed.  Healthy, sure, tasty...the jury is still out and they might be a while!

 I will try this place again and hope I enjoy my choice much better.

The smoothie was really good and if I could, I would have tried each one.  Thinking about it now and must have another.  Yes, they are good.
When you're in the mood for delightfully healthy, wholesome, simple food, this place is a great choice. 

The Eat section if the menu allows you to combine a healthy grain, protein, veggies, dairy and sauce in an incredibly health combination. They also have a menu full of combinations - I highly recommend the Tokyo. 
 
I haven't tried the juices, but my husband has and he says they're pretty good. 

The portions aren't huge, but they're not bad for $10 and we always leave there feeling full and happy.
The funny thing about Yelp's rating scale is that I'm never quite sure whether I'm ranking it against my own personal experience, the options in the area, my lofty ideals for restaurants, etc. I know that's what makes reviews fun to read, but I also know that makes them subjective to some degree. Well, all that intro inside, I think that grabbagreen deserves 5 stars for the following (hopefully) persuasive and somewhat objective reasons: 

-There is nothing like it in the vast office park wasteland otherwise known as the Scottsdale Airpark area. Between Pei Wei, Wildflower and tons of other predictable options, there's not much to choose from for something simple, healthy and non-chainy. This is especially the case since the Whole Foods in the area closed. 
-If you live in the Silverlake area of LA or Seattle, places like this are a dime or dozen, but there are very few places in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area where you can get a good juice, smoothie or healthy breakfast/lunch and I think it earns major points for that. 
-The ingredient list for the drink and food options is comprehensive in my opinion. Avocado or squash in your smoothie, pomegranate or hemp in your brown rice bowl? Yes, please!

I know it's expensive and it's also got a douchey factor but then again, doesn't everything before it becomes a mainstay of an area? At that point, I think it just becomes hipster - or at least, run-of-the-mill/expected :)
I really like this place. Its tasty, healthy but its still a bit expensive. Still, the do a great job if you're looking for healthy and fast. I usually create my own bowl, which is nice, because I get what I want, and I love that they give you a good amount of the protein (specifically shrimp, in my case). I also really enjoy the agave bbq yogurt-delicious! And the smoothies are yummy too.My personal favorite is the Oxidation Elimination- lots of fruits-love it! I usually go to lunch here on Fridays, kind of a nice way to end the week and a healthy way to start to weekend.
Healthy, nutritious, filling, simple. 

Because there's the option to create your own bowl, the potential for things to go awry is there. If you don't trust yourself, just order one of the set items on the menu. You can always get a little crazy and sub out proteins for one another.

I had quinoa + salmon + kale + pistachios + avocado + and some Asian-y dressing, and it totally hit the spot. Could I have made it myself? Yes, but WOULD I have made it myself is the real question.

Overall? grabbagreen is worth the 10 buckaroos if you order shrimp or salmon in your bowl. Otherwise, I'd call it steep, but it's definitely worth a visit if you're in the area and pressed for time.
Super disappointing! We drove by and I looked it up on yelp to see what people were saying. My phone died pretty quickly so we ran in and gave it a blind try. 
   My 7 year old, who is an extremely healthy eater complained about the smell the second we walked in. The atmosphere just didn't seem to welcoming either. If it is your first time there it seems a little confusing. I ordered the French Quarter, the little man wanted the kids chicken and green, and hubby ordered the Tokyo. 
    Mine was...blah. Just really nothing there. The ingredients were not that fantastic, the flavor was super bland except for the ?cayenne? Which was awful! My sons was literally spinach with little chunks of chicken and some awful BBQ type sauce splashed on it. Why not just call it a salad?  Husbands was bland and underwhelming as well. 
    We all had iced green tea which was super strong brewed and not pleasant at all, pretty bitter. For the price of $35, I would have rather gone to whole foods and bought meals. I definitely wouldn't waste my time or money going back here.
   Oh, to top it off the staff was not very friendly and the two girls at the register didn't know what they were doing and had to keep running and asking someone else.
UGH. 

That was a waste of $10 +tax. First off, I waited 11 min for my lunch. They're not making everything from scratch at the time of order. Everything is prepared and ready to scoop, plus when I walked in I didn't wait in line, I went straight to the counter to order, it wasn't busy!!!

 I ordered a "create your own" with Brown Rice, Chicken, Tomatoes, Cucumbers, Broccoli, Feta, Cilantro and Sesame Sauce. 

While lunch did look appealing when I opened the box I quickly realized there was NO SAUCE, the chicken was tough and the brown rice must have been sitting in a rice cooker for days. 

WHY IS THIS SO HARD TO GET RIGHT. 

The only reason I'm not giving it 1 star is the cashier was super friendly, asked if I needed any help with the menu and repeated everything back to make sure she had it right. Which she did, the folks shoving food in a box got it wrong....AGAIN.
Definitely my lunch time guilty pleasure....whether grain or green, you will be satisfied. I just tried a smoothie for the first time last week, I will be trying everything on the menu! It's my mission :)
These people do not know what they are doing and I have to repeat my card number several times before they get it right which makes me mad and them waisting their time. They need to listen because I don't need to repeat my order for 3 times for them to get it. I suggest hiring people who know and understand customer service and how to be properly prepared and staffed well bc if ur always under staffed doesn't that tell u something that u should hire more workers?  Just a suggestion but I hate coming here everything is unorganized and not handled properly
Love the juices!!! Zen!!!!
I really really really want to like Grabbagreen.  I have now been to both locations a total of 3-4 times so I have tried.  I am accustomed to paying a lot for food as I travel and Grabbagreen could fit right into an airport for overpricing.  I also am used to paying more for fresh, organic salads / food.  That said, I have never left that I was not still starving to death. Today  I paid $10 for the make your own salad which contained approximately 1 1/3 cup of kale, 1 T grated carrot, 1/3 cup black beans, 1 T grated beet, 1 T bean sprouts, 1 t mint and about 2 T of dressing (these are generous estimates).  They would have also included probably about 1 T of feta cheese but I am vegan.  I asked to sub in another vegetable or another herb to replace the cheese.  I was told that due to "policy" I could not do that but could pay an extra $0.75 for a t of herb or T of vegetable.  Now I am a consultant and engineer so I decided to run a little experiment, knowing full well that the cheese was one of the more expensive items and that they were financially ahead to honor this request especially since they tout vegan, vegetarian and gluten free options.  I went to Whole Paychecks and purchased the exact same ingredients.  Then I calculated how much was in my salad and what the food cost was.  Now this was paying full and marked up retail so a good bit more than they pay.  The food cost I estimated without the cheese was $2.66 which like I said I paid $10 for.  This was a 3.77 X markup which is healthy in the food industry.  The cheese cost was about $0.50 based on my numbers and was easily the most expensive thing except for the greens themselves.  So in other words they could have had both a happy customer and a lower cost salad for themselves if they were not so obtuse with their "policy."  Will I go back - probably but only because one of my buddies loves this place.  If you want  overpriced food and silly policies - go for it.  If not there are lots of other great places in Phoenix that will treat you better and provide better value.
I recently started the Paleo Diet and have completely cut out all grains and dairy.  Doing this has felt great but also made it very hard for me to find places to eat for lunch!  After talking with a friend at the office I found GrabbaGreen by Pita Jungle in Scottsdale and have been going back ever since.  They ARE expensive but their shakes and salads are amazing.  At first they gave me a small box for the salad and I felt as if I could have eaten two...then after finishing it I felt so full because of all the organic ingredients that I have continued to go back ever since.  Thanks everyone for making a fresh lunch option possible :)
This place is amazing. You must eat here if you are in the North Scottsdale area! Came here today around 12:30 for lunch for the first time and I definitely left very happy! I had to wait in line for a few minutes but was glad because I did not know what to order. I got the Southwest which was amazing. Definitely recommend it! I waited for my food for about 5 minutes and came out right away. There is lots of seating inside and a good amount of seating outside too! I decided to sit outside since it was nice out and there is shade from the sun so I was pleased by that. Everyone that works there is super nice, helpful and gets the job done. The menu here is so big I want to eat all of it. They have bowls and have smoothies and acai bowls and everything a health nut can think of. I love how easy it is to find as well and there is a ton of parking right by. I definitely will be coming here a lot more for a quick and easy lunch!
I love, love, love Grabbagreen. I don't eat any junk, so it is perfect for me. I have had the Detox juice and love it, I have them add ginger to it. I love the So-Cal with tofu. And I like to buy their bottled juices to take home. It is always busy, busy, busy. They are fast, friendly and it is very clean. Cant wait to try their breakfast.
This place is AMAAAAAZING! I feel so healthy after I eat here. The food is excellent, and the service is timely and welcoming. One employee in particular, I think his name may have been Rob, made my whole experience. I told him what  I was in the mood for, and he pointed me in the right direction. I will definitely be back!!!
Went in about a week ago for my first time and picked up a smoothie. Service was great, made it fairly quick and it was really enjoyable. Went in again yesterday, this time trying the food for lunch. I ordered a "Build your own" with avocado, chicken, rice, beans, peppers and more. Lets just leave it at "Amazing." I will definitely be there again!
Love their selection of pressed juices! Plus their smoothies are huge and well worth the price... which is still very affordable for all the healthy ingredients you get packed in there!
I loved this place the first few times I went, because I'm all for fresh, healthy food. The Gabba grain bowls are really good if you make them right, and the pressed juices are good too but honestly the place is way to expensive for such small portions (I think they justify the price because it's organic.. But still). The inside sometimes has a very strange smell that makes you a little sick, maybe from cleaning solution or something, but it's enough to make you question the food. BUT, if you decide to go here for the acai bowl, it is a definite waste!! They are really gross and runny and taste nothing like a real acai bowl made with sambazon. They really jip you on the toppings too (which are not very tasty either) and mind you, I love acai bowls, so it was really disappointing.
I Recently had a chance to check this place out, tried the Southwest and it was delicious! It was very well crafted and a well balanced dish. Also The juice is absolutely excellent! I will certainly be back as often as I can to try the different options on the menu. 

I was very happy with the helpful informative staff that were very friendly about answering the many questions I tend to have :). Also I think paying an extra dollar or two for fresh, delicious, healthy food is well worth it.

I would live to see one of these in the Tempe area!
Great place to get fast healthy food, but I do hate how all the bowls are the same price. We ordered the Toyko Bay and the Gulf of Mexico. The Tokyo Bay was worth the $10 because it was delicious, fulfilling, and had salmon. The Gulf of Mexico was just an overpriced Spinach salad and it was bland. My advice is to read the ingredients carefully and make sure you're getting your money's worth!
While stealing coworker's leftovers from the company fridge and not getting caught might be an art form, it's not without its risks. Stuffing a large styrofoam container into the trash can is way too noisy and, it's easy to spot. This is why I choose
 grabbagreen.

Their leftover containers are the same containers used to serve their delicious menu items...a small, unobtrusive cardboard box. Easy to boost from the fridge, stuff into the trash without making any noise, and usually just enough food to get me to the afternoon break.  One small drawback.

Grabbagreen only sells healthy stuff, like quinoa and kale and such. They're big on smoothies too, although I've never sampled one yet since they don't tend to make it to the fridge. I thought about trying Ramona's the other day when she went to the bathroom, but she's been pretty sick lately and I didn't want whatever it is she has. 

Anyway, I had some quinoa mixed with chicken, kalmata olives, red onions and red roasted peppers. Not exactly what I would've ordered but I'm not complaining. Miranda's leftovers, (name on box) were far less appealing. Way too green, looked like snot with all that avocado. Not sure what it was.

So I'm giving Miranda, whoever the fuck Miranda is, no stars for her obvious lack of menu prowess.
Ramona also gets 0 stars. Mainly for hacking up shit all day and not covering her mouth. I'll be lucky if I don't get some kind of communicable disease. Jesus H. 

Grabbagreen on the other hand gets five stars, but I'm only going off the quinoa chicken thingy I stole from 'Katy'. What little she managed to leave behind was damned tasty, but then she thought so too apparently. What a hog.

I always hear the girls talk about how expensive grabbagreen is, but I don't happen to share their opinion. I think its extremely reasonable.
For now, I'll have to be content with them only going on payday. I hope Ramona gets better soon. I really wanna try one of those smoothies.

This place is yummo.
I've been three times and ordered the same thing each time - the French Quarter.  It's very tasty, healthy and a great "fast food" option.  The prices are a bit high but I will  spend the $10 for something quick, filling and healthy.  This is my new go-to spot on the days that I don't bring my lunch to work.
I went this past weekend for the first time in a few months. I used to work close by and was excited for them to open as there aren't a ton of healthy options in the area aside from Wildflower (which is always packed during lunch). The first time I went, I tried the Southwest, which is delicious. It came in a container the size of a chinese take-out container. When they first opened, they only had smoothies. I think it confused a lot of people that their tagline was food + juice but they didn't have actual juice. I forgot which smoothie I got but remember it being kind of icey and just OK.

I later went back on a hot summer day and tried their Energy juice which has pineapple, mint, coconut water, and apple. It was so good. I could probably drink that everyday. It's so light and refreshing!

This past time I decided to try their South Beach and got the Energy again. The South Beach's vinaigrette was a bit too much for me. I should have asked for it on the side. My boyfriend got the Boost juice. It was good but not very sweet. If it had apple or some other kind of sugary fruit in it, it would have been better for us. 

Their prices are a little higher than similar places. However, it's because they use organic ingredients. If you're wondering if they're actually a healthy place or a fake healthy place, you can go to their website to view nutrition information. $10 for a salad is pricey for me and not something I would do frequently. If organic is important to you, paying more wouldn't be a big deal. Overall, the food and juices are great, the price tag, not so much.
This small little green eatery is a great alternative to the many waist-unfriendly choices in the area. With a versatile menu open to customization, pretty much any eater could find something delicious here. It definitely has that "healthy" vibe that screams, "Stop here for a post-gym replenishment! If you weren't at the gym, at least put on some yoga pants!" which seems to deter some more traditional folks. But I hope it continues to attract a large dining crowd.

The food is simple and delicious. I've enjoyed a few of their salads, and I would definitely recommend requesting dressing on the side. I not only found them to be generously poured when added in advance, but they were a little sweet for my taste. My husband loves the quinoa bowls and finds them sufficient in actually squashing his appetite - a rare feat at most health-centric dining venues. He's also praised their smoothies, a treat I have yet to experience.

My only other concern and hesitation toward coming here more often is the time it takes from ordering to eating. It appears as though everything is mostly cooked in advance and ready for assembly, yet it took almost a half hour the last time we grabbed lunch on a Saturday. The menu may have a variety, but none of it is complicated. If they devise some sort of system to improve the wait time, the whole implication behind grabbing something to go (as the name suggests) will be much more true to form.
The food is extremely bland and overcooked. Healthy can be flavorful, tantalizing, and delicious, but the dishes here lack inspiration. 

The rice and noodles in the dishes are overcooked. The vegetables are edible, but lack seasoning. The dishes feel forced and put together in a rush without any creativity behind their creation.

Yes, Grabbagreen has smoothies too. I tried one, the experience was better, but still far from the best I've had. The berry smoothie tasted oddly like artificial grape flavoring.

The driving feeling I took away from my meal here, is that the dishes were created by someone who has been removed from a real wholesome meal for far too long and believes, wrongly, that these abominations pass as a fulfilling meal.
I've been jonzing for a acai bowl so I decided to give this place a whirl.  Very good!  I also got the energizing smoothie which gave me a little morning pick me up.  Those two items came to $16 - yikes...so I will be returning, just maybe not as much as I'd like to.
Bland food and cheap ingredients lead to a disappointing meal and a guarantee not to return

Went with the French Quarter with extra shrimp, and for $13 you would expect at least mid sized shrimp, not the baby shrimp that it comes with, also coming in a to go container that Whole Foods uses.  It was pretty bland, not terrible, however the uncooked red onion was a bit overpowering.  I would certainly never want to eat this again, and could make the same thing with better shrimp for half the price.  Medium sized shrimp on the high side are $8.

The acai bowl we ordered was not really even an acai bowl, i would rate it a 1 

We ordered the cococabana which had banana in it, even though it is not listed as an ingredient on the menu, also it was served in a smoothy cup, (serve it in the right vessel) and was not pleasant tasting

The mixed reviews here should be a warning to you (a warning I ignored) 

If you have taste buds and don't want to be disappointed, you can steer clear of Grabbagreen
I love Grabbagreen!! I have been looking for a healthy place to grab a quick meal and this hits the mark! I brought my mom & little sister for lunch... We couldn't decide so we all shared a few things: 
South Beach 'grabbagreen'- Amazing! So fresh & loaded with the nutritious extras I look for - kale, berries, hemp, beets, pistachios, etc
French Quarter 'grabbagrain' - very tasty... Fair portion of shrimp given the cost, and I loved the creamy avocado sauce! (We also got a side of the Harissa sauce to try with it which was so flavorful!! I'll get this on my next trip!)
Looking Luscious smoothie - very nicely balanced blend of fresh fruits & veggies... Love that it's all whole food ingredients - nothing processed here!
All in all we really enjoyed our lunch & will return whenever we're in the neighborhood... Which leads me to my only drawback... I want a Grabbagreen closer to my house! :o) 
Please check out this wonderful, locally owned little place!!
I love this place ! I have never had a bad experience. Food is always fresh and delicious. I do not feel it is overpriced at all because you have to pay for quality ingredients.
This place is so good and healthy!  The French Quarter is my fave--I like to add a bit more spice to mine and they will make it anyway you like. They even have a "make  your own" menu, which is a great idea. All fresh ingredients from local farms. The Boost drink is incredible and so flavorful and full of vitamins.

Those whining on here about "I had to wait 11 minutes...it was bland"--Suggestion to you--go to McDonald's or buy at Subway. Fresh food takes TIME to prepare and both locations are always packed no matter what time I go. I've started the online ordering and pick-up, as it makes it faster. 

Sure, it's not for everyone because ours is not a healthy culture---but this is a GREAT place. If you do care about fresh made food and helping local farmers try it!
Tried this place out for lunch today, overall good experience! I had the southwest and my boyfriend had the patagonia. The patagonia was a little bland, but mine was good! 

Also, if you are watching calories be mindful of the grains, I was surprised when I saw how many my meal had! I definitely want to go back a get one of their juices!
Grabbagreen is awesome. I haven't tried their food yet, but their juice and smoothie menus are great. A little bit on the more expensive side since they use organic products, but you get a good amount of everything. 

There're a few things I prefer Grabbagreen over other places:
Gluten-free products
Organic content
AND most smoothies and juice are naturally sweet, no sugar added. For a few items that have strong tastes like kale, etc. they only add a little bit of agave, not a whole lot. And that is just so much heathier.

I will definitely come back whenever I come to this area.
I stopped in late in the afternoon craving a healthy juice pick-me-up.
I ordered the Detox Juice in the smaller size, I opted for no ice as i assumed I would get more juice. 
The portion was so small!! For a total of $7 I would expect a bit more juice or use bigger cups and include the ice...

The staff was very friendly and the juice was tasty, but at this price point there are other juice bars I would go to first.
I saw a review picture that said, "No Sauce. Dry Chicken".....?
I don't get the picture, but I think the customer misunderstood the concept.
THIS IS HEALTHY FOOD.
I love it here, I eat a small meal (Im sure that's been said too) and Im full for the rest of the day, and Im a guy who loves to eat.

TIP OF THE DAY -------- ORDER ONLINE, ORDER ONLINE, ORDER ONLINE!!!!
unless you have plenty of time to hang out, this is NOT fast food, it takes them restaurant time to prepare your dish (or box if you will), but it is worth the wait.

And if you are a juice or smoothie person, UR in ZEN!!! 

I didn't really get it at first, (the flavor), but now I am a fan.

Feel Better, Live Better! as my Friend Dr. Joe always says...LOL
The food tasted good,not great, definitely edible...the portions are very small.  Way to expensive for what you get. Also, everything comes in throw away containers and they don't recycle!!!!  I will never go there again.
I've been drinking green smoothies for years now. I tried the green with pear and hemp. It was super watery and not worth the 8 bucks. Stick with whole foods juice bar or nekter. It was cute inside.
It's nice having a somewhat healthy place in the Phoenix metro area. This place is a tad bit overpriced I feel. I went in and basically just wanted a bunch of veggies...like a veggie platter. I was happy that they were able to accommodate my request since there is no such thing on the menu. Lesson learned....ORDER OFF THE MENU. This thing cost me $18! It seriously was broccoli, spinach, corn, green onions, cauliflower, cucumber, edamame, and some olives. Lord! 

Aside from this...definitely try one of their smoothies. During a different visit I tried their oxidation eliminator smoothie and it was the best smoothie I have ever had!
Large selection of juices, smoothies, and even healthy food.  I had a carrot, orange, cucumber, lemon, kale juice.  It was very good.  For a small it is about $6 but a good amount.
Finally, a go to place for healthy choices offering organic and gluten-free choices but a disappointment, over priced and overrated...  Seriously, we are talking veggies here, unless they can truly justify that it is because they offer organic ingredients only?  Staff was very helpful and friendly and accommodating but c'mon, a little price adjustment would be most helpful.  I recently discovered the juice bar at Sprouts for $3.99!
Large selection of juices, smoothies, and even healthy food.  I had a carrot, orange, cucumber, lemon, kale juice.  It was very good.  For a small it is about $6 but a good amount.
It ain't cheap eating healthy but these guys do a decent job of providing something healthy, filling, and at a decent price point.*  A great place to combat my hunger pangs next time that I am heading in the general direction of that New York style pizza place across the parking lot.



*Yes that is a jab at Flower Child
The healthy version of Jamba Juice! I always come here for their smoothies, and my absolute favorite is the Feeling Fabulous. Their mac & cheese is awesome as well and is gluten-free!!! I do miss their protein on a stick...they should bring this back!!!
First time here - just wanted to pick up some smoothies. 
Awesome selection of combos, clean establishment, super friendly staff, I was served quickly and offered a punch card.
Prices are a bit on the high side ($7 smoothies / $10 boxed meal) I would love to become a regular if it were a bit more affordable. Was hoping for better pricing.
Healthy and tasty, just uber expensive. Parking sort of sucks if you hit the peak hours as it does for everything else in this plaza. Good for a once in a while place for me.
I dig it here. Best thing is ordering online. When I walk in to pick up my lunch I am helped immediately!!
I see what they are trying to do and I can appreciate it. There aren't a ton of truly healthy options around here that don't cost a pretty penny. I will give them credit for having more options such as quinoa and allowing you to build your own bowl/salad. 

But, for $10, I would expect better, bolder flavor. **Edit, I had posted about the legitimacy of the proteins being fresh, and the owner had messaged me. They use a steaming method to avoid any oils in the cooking process, which is healthy but unfortunately leaves the dishes a bit bland.*** The veggies they use are also simply steamed. It couldn't hurt to use some actual herbs and seasoning. 

This place is just a little overpriced for the lackluster flavor. They do source their ingredients from conscious/organic farms -- but I just wish they'd work on the presentation/taste.
We frequently get lunch here for our work group because it's healthy and everyone can eventually find something here. Only 4 stars because about 1/3 of the time they get one or two orders wrong on our order. They have been better recently, but still occasionally mess up, but they always fix whatever was wrong. Overall though, the staff is very friendly and always accommodating to the changes we make to each order.
Expensive. Smoothies are okay. Salad was dry with very few ingredients. No dressing at all, so I was mostly eating dry leaves. When I asked for dressing they tried to charge me extra. Ridiculous, money-grabbing company.
Not too many places out there that offer genuinely "fresh" and healthy ingredients that don't require a sit down & order off a menu hour long lunch meal. But, there is Grabbagreen. Not as "fast" as fast food because they prepare your food upon ordering. But it is quick enough to grab on a short lunch break. I had the So Cal grain bowl and it was tasty & filling. (Only ate half) I loves the use of mint & feta in this dish to really give it a pop of flavor! Can't wait to try more on the menu!
First time in today.  I chose Southwest Grain: Quinoa (OPTED for BROWN RICE INSTEAD), Chicken, Corn, Black Bean, Tomato, Avocado, Cheddar-Jack, Cilantro, Yogurt Agave BBQ....it was good.  Full if flavor. Nice portion. $10.00 +. Went in for lunch just minutes before noon. Filled up quick.  If I go back I may stick to this dish. I will try juice next time for sure - prices seemed high on those.
Very clean eating. So many food combinations that can be created it would take a while to get through all of them. Staff was patient with me since it was my first time. 

Will definitely eat there again.
I love Grabbagreen!!

I've been here many times & each time I feel very welcome & appreciated, I love the energy of the whole place!  The staff is always very helpful - they've taken time to explain items in the ready made refrigerator, thoroughly review ingredient lists for allergy concerns, and are always ready with a suggestion of their favorites or little modifications to make my choices extra special!

It will take me a while to try everything on the huge menu, but each item I have tried is delicious - so fresh!  My go-to lunch is the Orange County 'Grabba-green' - it's basically a big wonderful salad loaded with spinach, chicken, veggies & a light but flavorful dressing.  If i'm feeling a bit more indulgent I go with the Moroccan Mac & Cheese with broccoli added - I can't tell you how wonderful it is to find gluten free mac & cheese!!  

My favorite breakfast is the Spiritulina smoothie - quick, easy, nutritious & fills me up!  

They have a huge juice menu & always have a nice variety of bottled juices to grab.  I haven't figured out what my favorite is yet because they're all so yummy! 

I truly love this place & recommend it to anyone who's interested in a quick & healthful meal, drink or snack!
One Word: Absolutely Delicious! Okay that's two words but I can't describe this place without using more than one word. It is Just that good :) It's a hip, trendy place with a unique twist to their menu, which carries a healthy and a happy side. The healthy side of the menu carries a different alternative to the "happy" side which is a more healthy, cleaner eating, yet both equally delicious!

I came here with my boyfriend and had the Ahi Srirachi, which were tacos filled with fresh ahi tuna and the most amazing mixture of pico de gallo and special sauce. Happymess, a combination of steak, blue cheese, and french fries with a bit of pico de gallo. The combination in this was just absolutely delicious, especially with the truffle oil! We also had the parsnip fries :) which was pretty much gone. Who knew parsnip fries would be soo good! 

With all these joints opening up in Vegas, its nice to go somewhere where you can just relax, enjoy some great food, and come back again. I'm such a fan of places that make you feel like you've known them for years and this place is definitely welcoming.
Love love love the fresh Juices ! If you love freshly juiced fruits & veggies this is as good as it gets ! Friendly & pretty staff too !
Wow, this place is in the middle of nowhere.  I eat out for lunch almost everyday at work, so I try to find new places when I can, and yelp did not let me down.  

I really like this place.  There's two halves to the menu.  If I want to watch my figure (hardly ever happens), I can get something off the healthy menu.  Or if I'm my usual fattie self, I'll choose the happy side.  That said, I tried the Ahi Taco-San, and I was blown away.  I really liked the sriracha slaw (sriracha really makes everything great), and the mango salsa made it even better.

So I loved this spot so much, I searched for their Facebook, and there's a challenge to try everything off their menu.  Once you finish that, you get 10% off for life.  Challenge accepted!
NOM NOM NOM! 

Saw this resto on Yelp and Instagram. Very appealing pictures but they don't do the food justice.  Was with a group so was able to try a few different things on the menu. Ordered from the healthy AND the happy sides :)

*Happy Mess: bf says it's like a healthier version of carne asada fries
*Chix on Broadway: chicken was juicy and the batter wasn't greasy, plus!
*Phatty Philly: tender meat and succulent portobello
*Burger Benedict: wow! the egg was the "cherry on top"
*Ahi Srirachi: loved the freshness of these fish tacos!

For drinks, gf got the How Now Brown Cow (twist on root beer float)... and I got the Jazz Hands (Sprite and mangoes). There were cut up strawberries and mangoes, in our shakes, respectively. We both agreed we liked the weird fizz feeling when chomping into the soaked up fruits =P

This little gem is off the beaten path of the Strip and the other main streets of Las Vegas. Lucky for me, it's within a 5 mile radius of my house! I'll be sure to make another trip back to Skinnyfats in the very near future.
Warning: This review was written with a full belly. Viewer Discretion is advised.

WOWwy wow wow wow.
This place is awesome in more ways than one...and I just had delivery.

THE FOOD - the menu is droolworthy. Whether you're into the whole "healthy" thing or you are in dire need of some serious grub (aka "happy)- the menu has a bunch of options. As soon as I confirmed that this place would deliver to our office, I was super excited to give this place a try. My health-conscious coworker found multiple lunch options that sounded appealing. She settled on the TBLT (turkey bacon, lettuce, and tomato sandwich) with sweet potato fries. I of course picked a more caloric option and picked the Phatty Philly (hold the blue cheese) and truffle fries. We shared the Rancho-mame snack option (edamame with drizzled with ranch powder and a side of ranch) and we each got a kids-sized shake. I got the Charlie Brown (nutella, bananas, and strawberries-- um yes please) and she got a gross green shake called Adventure Juice. :)
EVERYthing we ordered was great! For food-delivery (I'll talk more more about that later) I was expecting to have a few issues (food cold, shakes melted, blah blah blah) but no. Everything was tasty. My kids-sized shake was the best part and... for only 3 dollars it was a HUGE serving (i'm not great at math but I'm pretty sure I got 16 ounces worth). And it tastes fresh and --just well-made. 
My truffle fries were not piping hot (i mean I get why so no complaints) but they tasted great!! My philly which I had thought was super pricey--- it was HUGE!. it was packed with meat, peppers, and huge portobello pieces. It was tender and just awesome. The edamame was delish too. I may have overordered a tad because I have a lot left over. This was due to the GINORMOUS shake I got that I finished first before eating.... I mean really -- $3 for something that big?!!!! It must be a mistake. My coworker L-O-V-E-D her sandwich. They did not skimp on the turkey bacon and.... it was NOT on your mama's wonderbread... this was thick artisan-type bread. No corners were cut here (no pun intended). 

DELIVERY - Speaking of not cutting corners--- PROPS go out to their online ordering system. It was smart, simple, and easy to use. I'd give it 5 stars just for that. 
The presentation of the food was pretty impressive too. The fry carton was pretty fancy. The container for my edamame is completely reusable and so were the shake cups. I get that they're new and this may change over time but I am still impressed with the quality of their delivery swag.
PLUS, I got the food in 30 minutes.... the ETA email said 20 minutes and I thought - who are they kidding - I expected at least an hour. I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived in our lobby just 30 minutes later and he profusely apologized for being "late".  I laughed - I told him he was right on schedule! Totally worth the extra $5 delivery fee.

I am SO stuffed! SO happy! and I need a nap. What a great & unique lunch spot (closed on weekends) Impress your co-workers & friends! Do it!
I found a place where I can order a Nutella soy shake with a killer burger and a side of tempura ahi sriracha tacos. I am so in love with this eatery, from the ambiance to the menu. They have something for everyone, including you gluten-free peeps. Their menu is kid friendly, health nut friendly, and specially made for us fatties. 

From their desserts to their truffle fries, the entire experience is fantastic. I lone their snacks. I hit up both sliders and their meat mix with their toppings rocked my world. 

I shall dream of ahi tacos and Nutella shakes tonight!

Please try this place. If you have a healthy eater, they can find something, too. That's the point of skinny fats--some food lovin' for all eaters and sizes.
I had a salad and it was only around $4.  I'm big into value and let me tell you I took half of it home.  It wasn't the best salad that I've ever had but I wasn't disappointed.  I would return just for the pricing and portions!
Chef Josh Green has given the people a very good reason to drive to this out-of-the-way location just a little past Larry Flynt's Hustler Club. Once only exclusive to his VIP clientele consisting of high profile musicians and celebrities, we can all enjoy some of his tasty creations at Skinnyfats.

There is something for everyone here, whether you're watching your weight, trying to live a healthier lifestyle, or if you just want some feel good comforting food, you can find it here. Unfortunately for those who are off on the weekends they are closed to the public and reserve the weekends for catering functions. Business hours are Monday through Friday, 8am-8pm.

I decided to pop in one day before going in to work and try the Bon Jour Brulee(Their Version of French Toast)Two pieces of multigrain bread dipped in their "Creme Brulee" egg batter and cooked to perfection, served with fresh berries, butter, whipped cream, and agave syrup. It also came with two pieces of applewood smoked bacon. for $6.75, this is a steal, and a very good way to start your day.

I also enjoyed my Sweet and Spicy Shake-Juiced beets, apples and ginger blended with banana and frozen yogurt-YUM! Shakes are offered in two sizes(24 and 32oz) and you have your additional choice of soy milk, 2%, frozen yogurt, or vanilla ice cream. Great first visit, and next on my hit list is either the burger or the Chicken and Waffles, their secret menu item.....ALOHA!!!
This review is based on only one experience of getting takeout from Skinnyfats... 
Awesome concept, but the execution left a little to be desired. I am hoping that after trying other menu items, I can revise this at a 5 star review. 

Skinnyfats is fairly close to my work, and we are always looking for new places to go for lunch with healthy options for us weight conscious ladies.  A coworker and I decided to place a to-go order on a recent Tuesday...

I like the online ordering... You can customize each item as you add it to your order. I  really dislike that you have to put in credit card info to place the order. Some of us still use cash, which is crazy, I know. 

On to the food. 

My coworker had the Little Gobbler which is a turkey slider. The menu says sliderS, but don't make the mistake she did and expect one order to be multiple sliders. Hopefully the menu is adjusted to make that clearer. She did say that the flavor of the slider was excellent, she just was expecting more than one. 
She also had the Stick it Yo!, which is three fruit skewers. The fruit (watermelon, strawberry, pineapple, cantaloupe and honeydew melon) was nice and fresh. 

I went with the Rancho-Mame, which was supposed to be ranch dusted edamame. I got slightly garlicky edamame with ranch dipping sauce. Not at all what I was expecting, but still tasty. The portion was nice and large as well. 
I also got the Skinny Bowl, I had to after I read Amanda's review where she said it was best acai bowl she ever tasted. And damn, this was one tasty bowl. It didn't look very appealing in the to-go container, and was runnier then I prefer, but it completely knocked it out of the park with regard to flavor. 

We only spent about $20 total for our 4 items, and we were both satisfied with our meals... just not blown away, which I was expecting from all the 5 star reviews. I am looking forward to trying more of the items Skinnyfats offers.
I met Suzy H. and her adorable son here for lunch so we could check out the Skinny Bowl, their acai bowl.  Amanda M. is a fan so we knew we had to come.  Located on Dean Martin Dr., I must admit that getting here would be out of the way for most customers, but the place was still busy for a Friday at 1:30pm.  It's not a very big space, but there's a cool bar area with outlets for those who want to plug in and nosh, plus maybe 8 tables for others to sit.  The menu features a happy side and a healthy side, so customers have a choice of being bad or good, skinny or fat.  Suzy and I both had the acai bowls and her son had an order of Mr. Flapjack, protein pancakes with bananas and syrup atop the order--note that you could easily feed two people with that regular order.  The Skinny Bowl had acai, strawberries, granola, raisins, cranberries, bananas, and chopped almonds.  I know it's personal preference, but I found it to be okay in my book.  I like acai bowls with coconut, blueberries, and a touch of honey, items missing in this version.  I'm also not a fan of raisins in my food at all and the granola was more like granola cereal, packed not loose.  I ended up leaving all of the raisins and cranberries in the bowl, along with some of the granola.  Overall, though, I will definitely return to try some of the other items on the menu that look great.  Plus, I knew from perusing the Yelp pictures beforehand that they have a birthday freebie:  I got a Coke float with strawberries on the house and it definitely made my day.  The people there are friendly and I like the casual, cool vibe of the place.  Thanks, Skinnyfats--we'll be back!
I was in Vegas for the last 2 days working the Masters of beer pong tournament.  I had never been to Vegas so I had no clue where to get food from. I asked a couple people and they said to give SkinnyFats a try.  I ordered the Neato Burrito and have to say it was the best breakfast burrito I've ever had! I'm going to miss them when I go back to Vermont. I have tried several items from the menu over the last few days but my #1 is the Neato Burrito so good! If your in Vegas check them out you won't be let down.
Nelson, thank you for finding this great little place.  I had this bookmarked for a few months and today I gave it a go.  It has to be all 5 stars.

The menu at Skinnyfats is divided into Happy Eats and Healthy Eats.  So of course I looked immediately at the happy side, skipping the healthy side, and I ordered their Bonjour Brule, which the menu describes as "9 grain bread dipped in our egg white signature crme brule mixture, pan fried and drizzled with agave nectar."  It comes with three slices of applewood smoked bacon.  There was no whipped cream as Nelson had, but it really is not needed.

You order at the counter, sit anywhere, and then one of the nicest young women brings your coffee or other drink and food to your table.  The French toast was wonderful. The agave syrup was only needed a tiny bit, and the fresh berries were the perfect topping.  The coffee was good.

While waiting, I took a bunch of photos and just enjoyed the place.  Whoever came up with the theme and the decorations was very creative and imaginative.  I want to use the word cute, but I don't like using the word cute in general.

This is an out of the way place but I can see where they would do a good business from all the businesses in the area.  I wlll be back.  This is a place to try over.  Lunch next time!  This is a place to bring out of town guests for breakfast.  They'll love it.

Nota bene:  Follow Nelson's directions and look at his photos and you'll get right to Skinnyfats straight away!
I went there with my 3 1/2 yr old today, we drove in from downtown and it was worth it.
Ambiance is awesome, vibrant colors, clean and a fantastic and fun menu.

We ordered the Slow Boat to China, which is a snack, of Asian chicken salad on a cucumber boat-fresh, delicious and filling! We also had the Waffle Mountain High since they serve breakfast all day (winning). Again, fresh and delicious.

Also tried the Mrs. Green smoothie and the Nutty Nana Flat. Everything is fresh and fantastic.

We can't wait to go back and try more menu items we couldn't consume today (they even have a challenge to try everything on the menu and receive 10% off for life)

Next time we bring the hubs and try the Ahi Sirachi tacos and the Meaty Buns and everything else for that matter......

Highly recommend!
What a pleasant surprise !   Took the gf, another friend and her daughter to dinner at SF a few nights ago.  Unusual location but not out of the way.  The eating area is kinda small but comfortable.  Laughed when I hit the restroom and determined the men's room is almost equal in size to the dining area.

The menu is a little confusing but the concept is simply  you got food for health conscious people and food for a fat ass like me.  we ordered:

flat chicken and greens ( $8 ) with a side of fruit ( included in price - not sure why ) 

Chicken and waffles ( $8.50)  - secret, off menu item

Nice to greek you healthy pizza flat bread/pizza ( 9.50 )

Maine Wedge happy salad ( $4.50 ) 

Highlights - well, basically EVERYTHING !  great value, well prepared and creative.  I can't believe i'm going to write this but I think the prices are on the low side for what you get - the wedge salad ( pic incl ) has large chunks of cheese and bacon with the egg and then you smash on one of the lettuce spears - Mmmmmm - good stuff ! and at $4.50 ??? are you kiddin' me !

The flat chicken and greens has a full chicken breast smashed done and grilled, seasoned perfectly with a bed of greens - the gf was happy.

I guess a slight ding is the chicken and waffles - the chicken need a little more seasoning ( salt ) but overall, we were very happy with the combo.

And heck, I even liked the healthy pizza.

total bill with sodas was $50.

Yes, we will be back !
This place rocks. People are cool and the food is unbelievably great with low fat and carbs. Just awesome healthy food that taste fantastic.
Haven't ever given a 5 star rating but this place is amazing. Everything from the decor, creative menu, speed from ordering to on the table.. This place need to be a bit bigger (i hear its always pretty packed) but I got a table so what do i care? Haha went with a friend and shared:
 The cran-turkey and side of fruit - served on a yummy grain roll, the patty is speckled with cranberries and also has a cranberry yogurt spread, so fresh and delicious

Tu-nuts- Any sushi place serving a dish piled with THIS much tuna would be $25, and here its just over $6!!! they really pile on the tuna. I normally dont care much for raw seafood but this was amazing, served on a bed of crunchy asian slaw and hollowed out cucumber, personally a better way to eat fish if you're craving sushi, the rice always leaves me with a bellyache. This is perfection.

Hot-mame- sweet and spicy, great sized portion. 

Beet juice, and a tea.. My friend got the beet juice, and said it was amazing. I got the black tea with lemon and sipped on it all day. They're served in awesome reusable branded cups with little smiley faces that fade into sad faces as you drink more of your beverage. both my friend and I thought that was adorable.

I LOVE THIS PLACE. BEEN WAITING FOR HEALTHY FOOD TO BE DONE CREATIVELY AND 'RIGHT' HERE IN VEGAS. I live far, on N Durango but will make this a weekly habit, for sure :]
I've heard some great things about this place and wanted to give it a try. This is one my new favorite spots to go to now :) and I will gladly come back again.
This place is incredible. Everything I have tried on the menu has been awesome, and the Seared Ahi Tacos are definately one item you need to try! Atmosphere is a bit crowded, but when a place is this popular you can expect it to be crowded most of the day, every day.
Disappointed to do it, but I am docking Skinnyfats one star. This is based both on dining in once, and on the fact that they have increased prices on many of their items. 

I went in to try Skinnyfats in person last week with a coworker. It is a small room, with crowded seating. There was a line almost out the door, and there seemed to be a lack of organization with regard to people ordering food versus people picking up to go orders. 

After ordering and taking a seat at a table, we had what seemed like an excessive wait for our food, all of which came out at different times. I always hate eating while the person that is with me is still waiting for their meal... I also hate when my food is cold because I waited for my fellow diner to get their meal. 

All of this aside, the food was good. I once again had the skinny bowl, which was less runny this time around. I also had a Little Gobbler which was excellent. On the way out, I made sure to grab a menu.

Fast forward 1 week. We were all set to place a delivery order with Skinnyfats when I noticed that many of the items we wanted were listed at higher prices than the paper menu we had picked up just one week prior. Examples:

Mr.Green cold pressed juice was $7.50 last week. It is now $9.50. (All juices went up $2)
Skinny Bowl was $8.75 last week. It is now $9.75.
Flat Chix & Greens was $8 last week. It is now $9.50.

What I noticed, and was frustrated about regarding these prices increases, is that there are some items on the menu that have notes indicating that ingredients have been added to the dish, however these are NOT the items with higher prices. For example, the Drunken Gypsy Toast is the same price it was before, however it now comes with berries and bananas on top. The wrap my co-worker had a week ago is the same price, but it now has rice added to it. 

I'd understand raising the prices on items because the ingredients changed, but that does not appear to be what is happening here. It also does not appear that all menu items containing specific ingredients were raised in price, which, again, would be understandable. Instead it appears Skinnyfats just raised the prices on items at random. 

Maybe I am being nitpicky, maybe it's harsh to dock a business a star over a few bucks... But I can not honestly say I am a big fan of Skinnyfats after 2 less-then-amazing experiences and these seemingly random price hikes. A-OK is a more accurate description of how I feel about this business.
Considering the fact that I have to eat gluten free recently, this place makes the best options for me. They have the "happy side" which is like more fatning haha & the "healthy side". 
Staffs were very helpful first time I went there && prices are affordable. Im definitely hooked on this place, smores bowl is a must try if you havent yet :D
Very very interesting concept. Half the menu is on the "healthy side" and the other half is on the "i don't care about eating healthy today" side. I like, I like.

I ordered the Ahi Tacos, which came with 3, and it was pretty good. HOWEVER....if you're not a big fan of eating raw stuff or the TEXTURE of it, considered yourself warning. 
Don't get me wrong, these tacos were DELICIOUS....but I can only handle so much raw texture in my mouth =/ After one and a half tacos, the slimy feeling became too much for me to handle. I'm not big on sushi anyways so this was like going out of my element. I was still able to finish all three of my tacos though so that's really saying how delicious they were.

I really appreciated and enjoyed the fruit/vegetable infused iced water. 

Skinnyfats is located in a weird warehouse/business area. It IS easy to miss if you're not paying attention. I have still yet to try their burgers so I'll definitely be back!
Aaah I feel horrible giving this place only 3 stars. In no way does this reflect on the employees. Despite the onslaught of hungry people, everyone was friendly and maintained their composure. They even dropped by our table to apologize for the mix up in orders and the long wait. I appreciate good service and this place definitely has it down.

The food on the other hand, I'm not a fan of. With all the good reviews, I had really high expectations for this place. I was really hungry and wanted something on the healthier side since I had just did cardio in the morning. So I ordered the Slow Boat to China, which was an Asian chicken salad with almonds served in a hollowed out cucumber. Ingenious idea, but I wasn't a fan. The flavoring was just ok as a chicken salad. Dressing was a little heavy and the chicken was way overcooked that it pretty much crumbled without even chewing it. Loren had a taste and agreed with my assessment. I also ordered the ahi taco-San. Battered ahi served in a crunchy tortilla shell. It was overly battered and the sauce on the taco was too much that I couldn't even taste the fish anymore. I hate wasting food, but I just couldn't finish them. Loren had a side salad and a turkey BLT which she said was just ok. Nothing spectacular. I don't know if I was making a face of disappointment but one of the employees came over and asked if everything was ok. He was just so nice that I couldn't bear to tell him my disappointment over my meal. Maybe I'm just too nice of a person that I hate being bearer of bad news. 

It was fun trying a new place and of course it was with good company, but I don't think I will be back here. Sorry.

Tip: Loren and I could not figure out what the funky smell was (kind of like feet), but then we finally figured out it was the truffle fries when the table next to us ordered it.
Skinnyfats is a terrific mix of healthy and semi-unhealthy (happy) and really caters to almost everyone.  There are a ton of healthy options and that showed with the majority of the fitness clientele who were there during my late 2:30pm lunch.  I thought it would be pretty slow around this time but it was packed.

I got the "Cranburkey" (special recipe turkey burger dressed with arugula, tomato, red onion and a cranberry basil yogurt spread on a 9 grain bun) which was very good.  The highlight was definitely the cranberry basil yogurt spread and this set it apart from the hundreds of turkey burgers I've eaten.  The patty had good flavor and I wouldn't hesitate to order this again.  

I had a choice of truffle fries, sweet potato fries (no more parsnip) or a salad.  To keep it healthy, I should have gone with the salad but I am glad I didn't because they have the GREATEST sweet potato fries I have ever had.  I am sure they were made in house.  The little crystals of sugar on them really took it to another level.  No condiments were necessary with those.  I can't believe I took that many sentences to talk about sweet potato fries but they were really awesome!

My skinny wife that never gains any weight ordered from the "happy side" of the menu.  She ordered the "Chix on Broadway".  Is it a wonder this tasted better than the Cranburkey????  Maybe because it was fried chicken with bacon, cheddar, lemon mayo on a brioche roll but that's just a hunch.  The batter and the fry of the chicken was atypical.  The breading itself was thin so it wasn't your traditional fry but it was still very good.   

I got a large "Mr Green" drink which was a mix of spinach, parsley, kale, romaine lettuce, celery, cucumber, cilantro, apple.  This was probably the first and last green drink I will have with cilantro.  I'll order this again without it as that was the most prevalent flavor next to apple juice.  I do love the majority of green drinks in the world though.  There were 2 options for complimentary water.  One was strawberry basil and the other was raspberry lemon and both were very refreshing.

The space is inviting and set up nicely.  The designer definitely maximized the area.  It just goes to show that if a business offers an excellent product, people will come from anywhere to have it even if they're located in an industrial park on Dean Martin next to a strip club.
we've been looking for a yummy place that delivers around our place of business. we work in an industrial part of town so there isnt much. the couple places we have found have started out good, and then slowly became what we didnt like (new management/new menu). 
so today we did a new yelp search hoping for something new and different and we found it! Skinny Fats will def be on our list for delivery options for us and our clients. please keep it up, we do alot of business with places we like and we'd hate to lose you! thank you!!
First I want to say their food is good. Working in an "industrial" area you don't have many options. For the area it definitely beats out the other few options. Our office has been ordering nearly everyday since they opened. They would occasionally mess up the orders, but small things ( no tomatoes , dressing on the side and so on.. ) not that big of deal. Then it started to really go down hill once they became popular.  Our office favorite is the "Flat Chix & Greens" . Which at first came with a side . Now it does not. Not the end of the world. They then raised the price a long with nearly everything else 20% plus. Then when you thought it was going to stop there they decreased the portion sizes. I got 4.5 oz of chicken today compared to the avg 7.5oz+ . I guess back to divine cafe :(

Ps. On multiple occasions "Not believing it was being caused by the juice" I have ordered their "Mr.Green" every time this has completely messed up my stomach . I have done multiple day juice cleanses and drink green juice regularly. I'm not sure what is different in theirs but it messes me up.

-

Update 9/4: Portion size has been consistent and fair.
Chick-a-waff-a-dopolis .......is all you need to know.
I drove by this place on my way home from another favorite place on the area and decided to stop for breakfast. The outside doesn't look much like a restaurant, you really need to know what your looking for, but since I had read about it on yelp, I knew it was there. The place is small about the size of your average subway shop but nicely designed, modern tables, modern chairs and newly designed classic meals. The menu features healthy and not so healthy options so there's surely something on the menu for everyone, it seems that we were there during fat hour. We ordered the phatty Philly with truffle fries (good) and the chicken & waffles from the secret menu  (good)  but the (wow) factor was missing. Still, a good meal for the price. Service was wonderful everyone here is very attentive and very friendly, if they were any more friendlier they'll be competing with the neighboring business. 
This is a good concept  and I'm glad someone noticed that there are two kinds of people.....yelpers and non yelpers.
I'm sure I'll be back, it seems that I drive by this place to often. It may not be on the strip but is right by the strippers.

#chick-a-waff-a-dopolis (is the secret word)
I went here with fellow Yelper Marie to see what all the hype was about. It is a tiny place that can get packed and VERY loud during peak hours. I ordered a green drink, salad,and TBLT- all for 20$ including tip which seemed a tad bit expensive. The green drink was refreshing, but that was the end of the wow factor for me. The salad and sandwich were just that. Nothing super exciting or different tasting than other joints that I have gone to that promote healthier/lighter menu options I didn't think Skinnyfats was bad, it just wasn't great enough to make me give up my usual spots.
The location will throw you off. It is surrounded by businesses and a couple of strip clubs along the way.  It is located on Dean Martin and Post, to be exact, so no one will get lost. The decor of the place, once you find it is a nice combination of modern and old. The food is delicious and the servers are very attentive. The tacos are delightful and the burgers are very good. The cranberry burger, I know sounds different, is very tasty. There is a great sweet taste from the cranberry and the saltiness of the meat makes it a perfect synthesis. The main problem with the place is the space. Lunch time and dinner time, the place becomes filled to the brink. Make sure that you come along before the rush hour, be warned.
Smooth immunity shake tastes just like an Orange Julius.  I have been craving Skinnyfats ever since my first visit.  The food portions are huge and the shakes come in a to-go cup!  An awesome plus is the naturally flavored water (berry and lime etc) that is free on the counter.
How this place has such great reviews really boggles my mind. Do the people from Las Vegas have a much lower standard for quality? My boyfriend & I came here for breakfast before going to the movies last weekend. There was a large line, which I didn't mind because I assumed the food would make up for it. I ordered the drunken gypsy toast, which was pretty good, however I had asked for a side of turkey bacon, and they gave me pork bacon, which I do not eat, FORTUNATELY I could tell before taking a bite. My boyfriend ordered the 3 Happy Chicks, which SHOULD have been called the 3 RUNNY Chicks! The eggs were so undercooked they might as well have left them in the shell! There was yolk all over the plate, covering all the other food. In the middle of attempting to eat, I told the staff 1, my drink never came & 2, they have me pork bacon instead of turkey. They brought me my drink, but never my bacon. I asked my boyfriend how his bacon was, he said to salty to even eat. The only good thing about this place is that our dog got a huge goodie bag when we got home.
I came here on my birthday, seeing that they had a free birthday shake and reading all the great reviews and looking at the great pics of food. It wasn't to far from were we live and easy to get to. Great options if you want to eat healthy or if you want to be bad. I wanted to be both!! You have to go to the register to order. I told the employee I heard about them on Yelp. We gave her our order. I asked her if they did anything special for birthdays? She replied "we just open a couple of weeks ago and we're still working on promotions".  (Knowing I saw a pic on yelp for a free Birthday shake). I don't like to confront or argue with people because I work in customer service too, and I like to trust and believe they're knowledgeable about their job. Promotions change all the time. 

I ordered the Ahi Srirachi with truffle fries, and How Now Brown Cow (Traditional root beer float). My husband ordered the Burger Benedict with truffle fries, and a Charlie Brown's shake with nutella. We sat down and admired the artwork on the walls. Service was pretty quick. My tacos had mango slaw and srirachi sauce took one bite and the flavors just burst into my mouth. WOW!! Didn't care too much for the truffle fries. My husband's burger was very juicy and fresh taste like a homemade burger!! Good service!!

 I would have given this  business a 4.5 stars but a couple days later I read a review on yelp and saw a pic that someone else received their free birthday shake. Like I said before I work in the same business of customer service. I don't care about free things but it would have been nice. I just ask to be consistent and have your employees knowledgeable about promotions and if they don't know find out don't be lazy and make up excuses.
The concept for this restaurant is a lot more interesting than the reality. I picked menu selections from the healthy side. What I really wanted to order were the ahi sriracha tacos. Unfortunately, they were wrapped in flour, not corn tortillas. If you ask most people watching what they eat, they'll tell you flour tortillas aren't the healthiest option. I ended up ordering the "Slow Boat to China." It's chicken salad served on top of a cucumber boat. The salad was yummy, but nothing I couldn't make at home. When I go to restaurants, I typically like to eat things I can't make myself. I also had the god fries. I really don't like the name, but they were really good. It was a generous portion of sweet potato fries topped with chicken, balsamic dressing, feta and olives. I also liked that they didn't skimp on the toppings.

I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I'll be rushing back for another visit, mainly because the blonde girl who took our order was rude and bossy.
SkinnyFats catered an event that I attended and I need to rave about the balsamic tofu - yeah, tofu  That was the SKINNY part.  It was super good. 

FAT: The cheesecake was also delicious!

Would definitely go to the actual restaurant to try the rest of the menu.
I heard about this place fro a co-worker and thought I'd give it a try since it was 5 min from work....

From the outside you wouldn't think any special about it, being in an industrial building complex, but once you step inside the restaurant, however small, it has it's own identity. 

You line up and order and have a seat while you wait for it to arrive. The menu confused me a bit, it took me a while to figure out that the healthier options were listed on the left and the 'fattier' selections were on the right. I decided to go with the Chix on Broadway sandwich (asked to have the chicken tossed in buffalo sauce), an order of sweet potato fries, and a fresh strawberry lemonade (which could have been sweeter). 

Food was DELICIOUS! They even have specialty Heinz ketchup, balsamic & jalapeno, and I love jalapeno and it went perfect with my fries. I ate every single bite! I'm definitely coming back  to try the other items, especially the breakfast which seems to be served all day.
Drunken gypsy toast and lime orange strawberry and agave milk shake. O ya!!! Really good could be cheaper though :/ but so will be back :D yay!
Had the shroom philly w/truffle fries & the buddah slaw. The food & service are excellent. Will definitely be back. Hey and we did, brought friends too. This time I had the healthy breakfast wrap, that was huge. Great coffee. The wait staff and atmosphere are fun and funky. Go there!
Good eats. Haven't had anything I don't like yet. A bit crowded at lunch but you can't fault them for being popular.
I dig this place, I feel like I am in north park or hillcrest in San Diego. 
Basically, you have the "Skinny" side which is healthy of course then the "fat" side which is the complete opposite of the skinny side. OH be on the eye we passed it twice, we suck, we were expecting a colorful pop out sign and that's not what it was....

Kind of like a doppelgnger style menu.
From the Skinny side I got the Ahi Srirachi taco, which had seared tuna, some kind of slaw, mango pico all on a soft flour tortilla. It was VERY flavorful and VERY messy!! 

Also, I ordered, Ahi Taco-San, from the Fat side. It was tempura ahi with slaw, avocado aioli, also with mango pico, served in a hard shell taco. It was equally as flavorful. 

I think I prefer the Ahi Srircahi taco most because I like soft tortilla's over hard. OH and the tacos are I think are pretty big, I think 2-3 would be fine for women to be full and men would be good with 3-6.

Chris got the Phatty Philly which had delicious sauted portobello mushrooms, onions, and peppers, grilled TENDER filet mignon, and SLICES of blue cheese all served on a toasted hoagie roll. 
Now I HATE blue cheese so I just picked some meat and portobellos off and tried them and OMG were they tasty!! I would get this without the cheese! 

Our friend got the Chix on Broadway. It was a freshly pounded out chicken breast breaded to order, which I appreciated, on a brioche roll with lettuce, tomato, onion, bacon, and cheese. He liked it and it was HUGE, plenty to share. I tried a bite and they flavor was there however with the crispy chicken, crunchy bacon, and the toasted roll it hurt my mouth and I felt it was dry. 

Both Chris and our friend got truffle fries, they are shoestring style. I love that you can taste the truffles. The total for all 3 of us was $47, which included 3 sodas. 

They are doing things right here. Got great flavors going on and you can tell they care about the food. I wanted to try everything, which I will eventfully. I can't wait to go back!!
I have been wanting to try this place out for a while and happy I did. I would have rated it a 5 but I have only visited it one time so far. Excited to try the juices when I am doing my once a month juice "cleanse". Great vibe, great service and great food. I plan on being a regular!!
Love their ahi sriracha tacos! Very flavorful and filling, they give you huge portions so come hungry! Also tried the chicken and waffles which I thought were just ok. The waffle was pretty dry and kinda hard. The Chicken was juicy, but a little on the salty side. Def will come back to try their breakfast offerings!
Odd location but it works. Food is yummy and creative. Staff is pleasant and openly trying to work out the kinks of a new place. I go the good for you Cobb salad which was huge and very tasty. I'm very happy to see another place offering healthy choices and green drinks. Good stuff, I've been back twice since my first visit.
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  Not enough seating when it gets busy (which is a lot of times).

LIKE  The Skinny Q Pizza. The Naked Chix. The Fresh Morning Sandwich. The God Fries. The Cranburkey. Mr. Flapjack.

LOVE  The create your own shake. The menu concept. The Burger Benedict. The infused water. The Manbake Beefcakes. The chef. The different daily/weekly specials (esp. the steak/crab cake Benedict).
I found out about SkinnyFats a week after they opened and ever since I've been there at least once a week, but usually more. I can't get enough. I visit during all times of the day and they always seem to be busy aside from being located in a hidden business center. With how busy they constantly are, you should expect a little bit of a wait to receive your food, but trust me the wait is WORTH IT. The food is amazing. I've tried something new each time I've been, and I have yet to be disappointed. The staff is friendly, and when you're dining in they come around to make sure you're happy with your meal. If you haven't been there yet, it's a must go!
Finally out on the other side of town and remembered I had SkinnyFats bookmarked so we had to go. They are in a business type complex so it's a little bit of a weird spot but their sign is easy to see and they have an a-frame out on the curb too. 

While the menu is a little confusing at first, there's two sides to it and I'm sure it's already mentioned but here's the rundown. The left side is the skinny/healthy side and the right is the fat/happy side. Each dish is featured on both sides of the menu but done in a different way to fit the theme. I thought that was awesome!

As far as food goes, it is killer! I had the chick-a-waff-a-dopolis (chicken & waffles) which is a "secret menu" item and my wife had the wedge salad, we also shared a side of Hot-Mame (edamame). All of it was great, super flavorful and they definitely aren't skimpy with their portions. The wedge salad is huge and ingredients were fresh. My one and only complaint was the chicken was slightly overcooked...but the flavor definitely made up for it. They also have a good selection of juices, smoothies and such but we opted for a passion tea which was really good. 

All in all, we loved this place and can't wait to go back! Cool concept, cool atmosphere, cool food...oh and the employees are excellent!
Ohhhhh my  This little place is awesome!  They greeted us as soon as we walked in and asked us if we have ever been there before.  No we haven't, she explained the menu to us.  One side was for the healthy people and on the other side of the menu was the same thing that was on the skinny side, but for us non health conscious people.  Only thing I had an issue with, was the menu.  The writing is so small.  So anyway, I didn't see what I was looking for!  When I viewed the photos on yep, I saw chicken and waffles!  I didn't see it on the menu.  So I showed her to photo, she said ohhhhh, that's on the special menu!  Sayyyyyyyyyyyy Whatttttttttttttt?  Ok, well daymmmmm, what else is on that menu!  Anyway, nothing else that I wanted except for the chicken and waffles!  ohhhhh, and a side of eggs.  So there chicken finger!  But OMG, there chicken was so tender and juicy!  If you have ever been to hash house a gogo?  It reminded me of that!  But in my opinon, this is way better than that!  Here at SkinnyFats, ohhh boi do they know how to season there chicken tenders.  Ohhhhh, they will be seeing this face in the near future!
Loved this place. The concept of a healthy menu and an unhealthy menu is genius! My boyfriend went to the healthy side and had the Mr. Flapjack. This was delicious and huge. I ate bad and had the Chipper Morning and I absolutely loved this breakfast sandwich. I will def be back!
Went to see what the hype was about even after a friend sad she had an awful experience with the food and the service. Well went once and upon ordering a lot of the equipment was broken or down, so we left.. Wanted to give it a fair chance. Returned a few weeks later. Ordered the fries with the steak and pico and salad. The salad was good but nothing special. The fries didn't live up to the hype and didn't look as good via Instagram. Pretty bland- The tables were dirty and customers were cleaning them themselves to sit. There was one guy seeming to be running around doing everything himself, the girl upfront although nice to us seemed to have attitude with everyone and seemed annoyed. Wasn't an awful exp. but they seemed a little unorganized. Might try again if in neighborhood but won't go out of my way
The first impression of this place is that it is in the middle of nowhere. It is also really small inside. 
Staff immediately greets you and explains the menu. They're all very friendly and helpful. 
I had their new veggie burger. Black bean, rice, chipotle burger with coleslaw and avocado. It was quite delicious. I hate coleslaw, but this was very edible. Quite delicious. I had it paired with truffle fries, they were pretty good as well. 
My friend had a slaw chee salad with seared ahi. It was very tasty. We both agreed we could eat that every week for the rest of the foreseeable future. 
I can see us going back here really soon. Everything was delicious, even their water which had oranges, strawberries and such in it. 
I hate how small this place is though. We were there for lunch and many people were leaving or taking food to go since there was nowhere to sit. I wouldn't want to take food to go from here. It is nowhere near home, nor anywhere else you can go sit and eat. All around this place is very good. Just be wary of going in at typical lunch times. It cleared out a bit by 3pm. Around 1:30 though there was nowhere to sit. 
I can't wait to go back and try some different things. I dot eat meat, so there isn't a vast amount of things I can eat, but there is a few good choices.
Woop woop called in my breakfast got it super fast. Love this place!!! You guys rock! I can see why your place is always packed!!! Holla!
SkinnyFats? Doesn't that cancel each other out? Anyways, I was in the area so I decided to stop by and see what they're all about since I seem to see everybody check in there almost every other day.

First of all the place is kind of a bit hard to find. It's located in a suite amongst other industrial businesses in a pretty large sized business complex. Typically not a setting you find a popular caf in. Parking can get frustrating as well since you have so many other suites that equals to not a lot of parking. 

When you come in, you will see that there is only one register and I would say about 7 to 8 medium tables. If you don't see a line going out the door, then you got lucky and just avoided the lunch/dinner rush. If you do get stuck in the rush, you better have a decent amount of time allotted not to have anywhere to go any time soon. Remember, you waiting in line, putting your order in, and waiting for your food to come put together equals a lot of patience because all those people that ordered ahead of you are in the same boat. So it takes time for you to get your food since everything is made from scratch.

With that said, I ordered the Burger Benedict, which has a half pound angus beef patty, lettuce, tomato, pickles, avocado, fried egg, and special SkinnyFats sauce. It was also accompanied by a side of truffle fries, which was a large enough portion to share with another. The fries were good with the two different flavored ketchups that were available on the tables which were Balsamic Vinegar and Jalapeno (refer to my pic).

All in all, what I had was very good. Its just the parking, location, and long wait that brought it down to a 3 star. I think a bigger place and more accessible location with a couple more registers would make it perfect. 

Sidenote: They have free wifi. Domain is skinnyfats. Password is eatskinnyfats2.
Today I faced my first disappointment with SkinnyFats, but everything was handled so amazingly that I had to write an update. 

I had placed an order online to give myself time to pick up food on the way to work. It was just one item off the menu and the order said it would be ready in 25 minutes which is exactly when I arrived. They hadn't even began to make the order upon my arrival and I let them know not to even bother because I didn't have time to wait which is why I placed the order ahead of time. 

Here's where everything turned around. While processing my refund, the cook quickly threw together their "Smoke in a Bowl" which isn't what I ordered, but they knew I wouldn't have a chance to eat until after work so they wanted to make sure I had something to eat. On top of the free meal, I received a phone call from I'm guessing the manager, or maybe just an employee, that I have a $20 gift card waiting for me the next time I visit. 

You guys are awesome! Thank you.
"Healthy" side of menu is just as attractive as "happy" side!  If I close my eyes, it tastes like I'm back in San Francisco.  The "flat chix and greens" made me happy.  Very happy.
I'll give this place 5 stars. I dig the decor it's very colorful and cozy. Lots of artwork on the walls and bright colors. Its small and i heard its crazy during lunch hour, etc with lines going outside the door.The menu is pretty simple...healthy or happy side. 
I wanted to try everything but I ordered Smoke in a Bowl. It was really good and healthy. My company ordered Drunken Gypsy Toast. 
I'm ordering that next time I go there :)
This isn't a cheap place but you pay for what you get. The portions could be for 2 people, its a lot of food so it's worth it. 
It's pretty cold in the restaurant and that would be the only downfall that I've noticed. 
The staff is really friendly and helpful.
I will definitely recommend this spot to my friends and I'll be returning over and over again.
Disclaimer: use of some yuppie chow language such as "truffle" may be offensive to some. Stop reading now and look away.

After feeling like an absolute fatty from eating at a buffet last night, I decided to order from the skinny side. My friend went for the fat side. I got a fresh morning sandwich and truffle fries. My friend got a burger Benedict with truffle fries. We shared a 32oz shake with banana, strawberry, frozen yogurt and of course, Nutella. 

Fresh Morning Sandwich:
Turkey bacon, egg whites, sauted spinach, tomato, agave tomato ketchup on a multigrain kaiser roll, and a side of fruit. I had no guilt eating this sandwich but it's quite filling that I had to take half of it home. Good thing it already comes sliced in half. Everything in this sandwich tasted fresh. I love egg whites and find egg yolks disgusting so I love egg white sammies. The kaiser roll was a tad bit dry though. 4/5

Truffle Fries:
Skinny fries with chopped parsley and drizzled with truffle oil. Their version is pretty good. Some were a bit soggy. 4/5

Create-Your-Own Shake:
We chose banana, strawberry, Nutella and frozen yogurt with soy milk. A yummy shake with less guilt. I appreciate having a choice of 2% milk or soy milk since I'm lactose intolerant. Sharing might not have been a wise choice for us. I had to give Shawn the evil eye so I could get a sip. The cup it comes in is pretty cool. There's a clear part so you can see how much smoothie you still have left. 5/5

As for the burger, I guess you'll have to read my friend's review when he gets to it since I wanted to be good and just stick with my healthy sandwich.

They have environment-friendly cups for their citrus cucumber water. Sit at the bar so you could charge your phone or other gadgets. This was a big plus in my book. The only not-so-positive comment I have is that my fries and our shake didn't come with the rest of our food.
The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because it's small.. so when it gets packed, it's kind of a nightmare. The food and atmosphere is great though. I love this place, just be advised you probably want to get your order to go until they expand or start delivering to your area.
Decided to try this place out after all the hype I've been hearing lately. This place is literally right behind my job so I didn't have any problem finding it, however if you don't know the area well then I know others will be lost. HAHA. 
Anyway, the space is small but I didn't mind, I was getting my food to go. 
The menu is split between "Healthy" & "Happy" (or unhealthy) side, I stared at the menu for about 10 minutes and decided on the "Healthy Side" 
I settled on the
TBLT- Turkey Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato. with a spicy aioli spread on grain toast
also had Truffle fries
I wasn't down to pay $7 for a smoothie this day but maybe another day I will. 
My sandwich was pretty good, a little dry, but I like my sammich with a little extra spread than what most people like. I guess if you want Healthy though you have to watch your serving size. As for my truffle fries, they were decent. My favorite still comes from BurGR. 

I will be back here to try a few more items on the menu that caught my eye! :)
A newly opened establishment that has creating buzz around town for its fresh and healthy meals. There is a breakfast menu, served all day in addition to their entrees items for lunch and dinner.

You would have to use your phone to map this place out because it is on Dean Martin Drive in a business building plaza, not your typical location for a restaurant.

There are a lot of menu options, it is hard to pick just one to try for your first time. I ordered the Chix on Broadway, a breaded chicken sandwich with bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, onion, tomato, and lemon aioli. Your side options include truffle fries, sweet potato fries, or healthier options of fruit, brown rice, and salad. I chose the truffle fries, and they are delicious. I could taste every ingredient in the sandwich, including the lemon aioli that was subtle yet added to the flavor. Chix on Broadway was made well and all the ingredients complemented each other.

For a somewhat fast food restaurant, the wait was 15 minutes for my food to cook. This is only because it's cooked to order from fresh ingredients, making it worth the wait.

I was genuinely pleased with my  first visit, I would come back to try something else new on the menu at this creative American restaurant.
This place may not be flawless -- it could be bigger and not all the food is perfect -- but there are plenty of amazing things that make this my favorite lunch spot. You can't go wrong with either the ahi taco-san ($3.75) or ahi srirachi taco ($3.50), both which were overflowing with ingredients. Portion sizes are generous all around. The Off the Stick ($12) gluten-free pizza was large enough to share. It's not your typical pizza crust (thin and cracker-like), but everything topping it was so amazing that the crust was secondary. The Happymess ($9) with truffle fries and sliced filet is another hit.

Their menu is divided into healthy and not-so-healthy offerings. Although, some might argue that the agave nectar used in many of the healthy dishes isn't healthy at all. Personally, I'm not a fitness freak and I'm not strict about what I eat. I'll pretty much eat anything. And, so far I've had plenty of dishes here from both sides of the menu and have loved just about everything.

4.5 Stars
Loved it! I got the Slow Boat to China, Ahi Srirachi, Fresh Morning Sandwich 
And Mr. Flapjack. Wow!!! It was only $30. The slow boat to china was my favorite and the fresh morning sandwich was a great too! Yumm, and they deliver!! Id highly recommend ordering just one of each so you can try a little of everything (example only get 1 ahi taco instead of 3, then its cheap)
This place is a glorified fast food kind of place as I quote my sister, "Hey, this looks just like a Chipotle!" except for SkinnyFats has much more comfortable chairs and the space is really small. During the visit, we ordered a few items including...

The Happy Mess - it's a bowl filled with truffle flavored fries, thin strips of steak and topped with tomato salsa and LOTS of blue cheese. The fries and steak themselves are really good with the ketchup. I don't think the cheese and salsa go well with fries but that's just me. Next time I think I will stick with the plain truffle fries instead.

More Cow Bowl - a rice bowl filled with teriyaki beef, pineapple sauce and vegetables. They used too much sauce which made the whole plate super sweet and heavy. We hated this item.

Ahi Tacos - I didn't try this item but my sister said it was okay. Not great, not horrible.

Edamame with chili garlic glaze - The edamame was drenched in a sweet glaze. I think I prefer regular edamame with sea salt better.

Over all - I'd come back here for fries but I'm not too crazy about the items we ordered.

On a side note, they have fresh squeezed juice here and they're ~$9-10 per drink. That's pretty pricey!
SkinnyFats...is it all HYPE??

Glad to say, it is a solid place to grab some grub!  Is it GREAT?  I'd say no, but it is GOOD!

I went with the Burger Benedict ($10.50): 1/2lb Angus, Lettuce, Tomato, Pickle, Avocado, Fried Egg, Skinny Fats Sauce and Truffle Fries. Burger was juicy and messy. Good taste overall, but I couldn't really taste the SkinnyFats sauce and nothing really EXCITED me about the burger.  Still good and big portions, but being a burger LOVER myself, I don't think I would order it again.

The fries were good, some were very truffle fragrant, and others were a little tame.  But considering the price of admission, they are a GREAT choice of a side, and I would order these every time I am here!

Also tried the Fresh Morning Sandwich ($8): Egg Whites, Sauteed Spinach, Turkey Bacon, Sliced Tomato, Agave Tomato Ketchup, Multigrain Kaiser Roll, and Fresh Fruit. Tasted HEALTHY to me lol...good, but Cathy enjoyed it.  Might fit the bill if you are looking for guilt-free food.

And to drink, we tried a 32oz "Create Your Own" Shake ($8.50): Strawberry, Banana, Frozen Yogurt, Soy Milk, and Double Nutella. For having double nutella, I couldn't really taste it, but the strawberry/banana was blended smooth and had a nice taste overall.  Drinks felt a little expensive here, so we shared a large one for a better deal.

I'm sure I will be back at some point :)

Pics :
I had the 'Juan Turkey Wrap' and was sadly very disappointed in it. I am usually not one for healthy food but thought i would give this place a try.

It was just tasted like mush in my mouth and was no flavorful at all. You could not discern and of the different ingredients and just didnt taste very good. Ended up just dousing it in hot sauce.

I am going to try and give this place another try and perhaps try ordering from the 'happy' side of the menu
The absolute best $11.43 I've ever spent on lunch. 

Hadn't tried it yet, but everyone in my office has been buzzing about it for months - I decided today was the day! Ordered the Portobello Mushroom sandwich (Shroomin in Philly - these name are comedy BTW) w/side of truffle fries. Mushroom sandwich was divine because the flavors meshed together so well, and it was not soggy. There was even some feta in there which gave it a kick! I'm not a fan of too much feta too often, but this small was surprisingly delicious.

But these truffle fries....! No words. They're soft and oily..but in a good way. Not heart attack oily, but healthy oily! (Or so it seems) Definitely my favorite new fries in town, and that is not an exaggeration.

The only things that irritated me was that the coffee seemed illegitimate (so I didn't get any) and getting there the first time was awkward because maps makes you take weird streets. And it's in a busy industrial center. Make sure to CALL & ORDER AHEAD!! It will save your life.
I felt like I was whisked away to San Francisco or San Diego when I stepped foot in here. The line was nearly out the door for lunch but it moved quickly. I took my order to go afraid I wouldn't find an open spot, but tables did turn over quickly too. I love the concept happy and healthy, it ought to please everyone. I opted to stay on the healthy side TBLT with sweet potato fries. The sandwich packed a lot of flavor and it was quite good. I'd definitely get it again. They also make a tasty sweet potato fry. The were a bit limp by the time I got them back to the office so next time I'd like to try them fresh. I'll take my chances and dine in.
#SkinnyFats #LasVegas 'The Cheeseburger Benedict': Yo! When you walk in, make sure you get ya'self the strawberry lemonade b. Make sure you do that. This was my first time here so the shorty with the nose ring over the counter recommended the burger with the egg. I added truffle fries for the ride along. You know Batman sometimes needs Robin but at the same time, he still the main dude ya'nahmean? The truffle fries are Robin. They good but they're not the main event, you understand? Anyway, they gave me the burger on a big ass tin plate that look like a sewer cap b. You know the ones the ninja turtles come out of? I saw mad yolk pourin' from the egg b, that shit look like watered down mustard when you first squeeze the bottle on your hotdog b and you get the bun kind of soggy. That's what that shit looked like b. I had to ask the dude for a steak knife so I can cut this big ass mondo burger in half, nahmean? I finally got my truffle fries after I split my burger that's why it's not in the picture. But when the fries came... I was like shit! How many potatoes y'all kill for that shit? But like I said they not the main event so I ain't pay em' no mind. I took a bite out the burger and surprisingly it wasn't soggy, that shit blew my mind, the burger stayed togetha but mad yolk got on my hands b. I used like 60 napkins but they keep a box right next to you, nahmean? It's like they knew I was gon get the egg b, like they saw me come in and was like "look at this cat, he bout to get the egg." Moving forward, you know I finished my burger, ate all my truffle fries, got my lemonade refill b and overall I was satisfied with the meal. But I can't give it the ultimate cheeseburger stamp because you know frankly it was pretty good but who ain't thought to put an egg in their burger before, nahmean? The name was clever but not as clever as the cheeseburger itself you know what I'm sayin'? Like son, the truffle fries was almost better than the main event. I would probably get this again tho if I was on a date and I wanted the shorty to be uninterested in me. It's a good date ender, you gotta eat kind of messy, be mad rude and shit nahmean? If you never, wanna see that broad again yo, order this. Overall I'll give this cheeseburger a 5 out of 7 rating. #MoochEats
I came here excited, and left VERY disappointed. I found this place via yelp after the great reviews, and the mention of the acai bowls (Im obsessed with acai). We came in, found the place crowded (which usually means the stuff is good) and waited in line. We decided to go with the acai bowls and eat them there. But, SkinnyFats only has about 8 tables and a bar with about 7 seats...and this place was very full...which was fine with us, we would wait. But apparently not fine with the workers!

After about 5 minutes of waiting, one of the brunette female workers brought out our food, and was, "Oh you bowl is ready." Except we were still standing waiting for the seats to open up. After explaining this...she told us we could share with another couple at a table of 4. Well that would be awkward, since it's not a family style place and NO ONE else was doing that. And I don't want to be sharing a table with a random person couple starring into there faces as they eat. Sensing our discomfort she was like, "well since there's no seats you can just take it to go." We felt really awkward, uncomfortable and unwelcomed at this point, so decided okay, yah, I guess we will. 

The only problem was she then dumped the acai into a togo container, making it look entirely unappetizing, and then by the time we got home (20 minutes-we drove across town to try this place) the dish had turned to mush-in the heat-despite full air-conditioning. 

Wasted my 10 dollars on the bowl, 5 on gas, and my time coming here. 

My advice to the SkinnyFats is wait until your customer has there seat before bring out the food, we had stated we wanted to eat there so I think timing needs to be worked out.

Will I try it again? Probably not...already wasted enough on them. Don't want to be disappointed again.
Friend took me here for lunch and thought it be a bad idea for me haha. Got the burger and it was awesome ! ! The fries tooooo goooood haha.
They deliver breakfast to my house. Breakfast!! Who does that? And you can order food online! Why should I ever eat dominos again?
My lady and I loved it so much, we came back for breakfast 2 days in a row! My favorites were the fresh morning sandwich and the very berry strong waffle. I also liked the skinny bowl and juan healthy wrap. What I really loved was the garden treat shake. I made it a little healthier by getting it with frozen yogurt and soy. It's a great hangover cure! Can't wait to go back. Stay thirsty and hungry my friends!
This place is soo delicious! My fianc and I were having a conversation about not being able to find a place that has healthy but delicious and inventive/creative food and than she stumbled upon an add in a local paper talking about this place! We couldn't find the location at first because neither of us were familiar with the area but after a turn around we got there :) and boy was it worth it! The aPOLLO fries are to die for! And the menu has so many amazing options. I highly recommend "The Slow Boat to China" and the "TBLT." And if you don't want to eat healthy you can try they're "happy" menu which I didn't try but looks just as tasty. Seriously, this place is a must!
Definitely enjoyed my food. Had the Benedict burger and it was super tasty. Sweet potato fries are awesome as well. Honestly the options and layout of the menu is fantastic, odd location but still delicious. I think if it was somewhere with real foot traffic they would so busy. Kinda nice to have them where they are, but i do hope to see them open more locations
Have been here twice now trying a couple of different meals and all of them have been good. The burger they have is still my favorite. I only knew about this place because of Charity Faith recommendation on her facebook page and positive people seem to lead to positive outcomes so I went. I would have given 5 stars but I have 2 gripes. They need a bigger place because they have a pretty good thing going and it seems like a lot of people are enjoying their experience there. My last gripe is I really dislike them serving things that have to be cut on pizza pans. If I have to cut a burger with a knife and it bottoms out to the pan it makes that chalk board screeching sound.

All in all a great place to eat, prices are decent.

I want to also say that the first time I was there it was busy and I see a lot of reviewers have been there when its packed. Sit with a stranger and stop being so walled off, you might meet your next best friend.

Changed my star rating to 5 from 4 since they now have nice plates and I eat here like once a week and we sometimes try new stuff they have on their menu and they don't have any food there that is anywhere near less that damn good. 

Top 5 best finds in Vegas IMO!
I wrote an earlier review from a few months ago, but SCRATCH THAT NOW.

Oh man, i LOVED this place to pieces. but after what happened tonight. Too irritated now --youre in for a story:: 

So we came here feeling excited cause we havent been here in such a long time. We ordered our usual. We went to sit down, excited to get our food when we got asked by one of the servers to move at a smaller table cause apparently a party of 25 just came in. Us wanting to sit a table, it was okay. we understand.. then, a few minutes later.. we got asked again to move to the counter instead. AH REALLY?!  NOT COOL MAN. Thought the place was first come first serve. && i wasnt as irritated til i saw on the other corner that they never asked these two people who was at the other corner (those people werent with the party of 25) to move AT ALL. very unprofessional.. so we just decided to get it to go, that way there wont be a possibility that we'll be asked to move again while we eat aha. we werent even asked if it was okay with us. they just said the second time we got moved "actually were gonna need you guys at the counter.." were usually forgiving when it comes this kind of stuff considering that we didn't mind the first time but cmon, that just kinda ruined our appetite.

SO NEXT TIME YOU COME, MAKE SURE TO MAKE A RESERVATION EVEN FOR A PARTY OF 2, cause you might be asked to move like that LOL
UH-MAZING. I had the salmon sandwich, it was a special. I hope they put it on their menu permanently. The ONLY thing that was a little frustrating was that I was in there at noon so of course it was packed, and the only two tables they had open were next to the window, it was just really hot and the sun was going into my eyes. They just really need some blinds or screens, or something. But their food is A++++. I'll be ordering stuff to go from now on though because of the lack of seating.
This hidden small treasure is worth trying more than once! The service is great and always trying to be helpful. I recommend the waffle, sriracha tacos, cucumber shake, & orange juice shake. The shakes are so refreshing & yummy! Not like a typical smoothie or shake from a Tropical Smoothie or Jamba. Next, I have to give props towards their actual dining area. It's quaint, colorful, vibing, has phone chargers, purse hangers, cute water jugs, & hip chairs. They lose a star from me for their overprices, few unappealing food items (buffalo chicken, fries) and office-like location. Despite the small location, I have hope they'll create another bigger & better location though. Other than that, this new place is above average & worth their concept.
Absolutely love this place! They should definitely expand into a bigger place because the spacing is pretty small, but I love their menu and what they have. Also it's environment is great. I definitely recommend!
This place is excellent the food was delicious and the customer service was perfect I would recommend this place anyone and everyone!
Ok so being a tourist in Vegas is often times hard because the draw is the craziness of the strip and everything it offers. Which is often times overpriced sub par food. We went to SkinnyFats tonight and absolutely loved it. Everyone was pleased by the end of the night and we may go back before we leave. The atmospheres is cool, the staff was super friendly and the food was ah inspiring. They have everything from breakfast foods to awesome dinner entrees and with 8 guests we tested them all. I am rarely this impressed.
the shroomin in philly and chix on broadway were top notch. the service was also excellent. would definatley return!
Man this place rocked. We wanted something different than the usual buffet crap in Vegas. So we went to yelp! It is a bit off the strip, but well worth the short drive!

Great food - healthy or happy!! Fun menu and great food. Our food was super fast and pretty dang yummy. There was numerous employees around - The manager came and helped us with the menu - explaining how it worked and have us some great ideas for choices. Next time I come I will try some healthy or skinny but this time we ate happy or fat! It was so great! Food was in rich supply and delicious!!

The waiter and other people helping out were fantastic, friendly, interested, and even burned our bacon so it had the crispy flavor that my wife loves!  To be clear, the bacon was cooked fine the first time, my wife just prefers the more crispy bacon! :-)

We left happy and hopefully not too fat! I thought the prices were great for the amount and quality of the food we got. 

We will be back! Enjoy!!
Obsessed with their fresh pressed juices and ahi tacos. Reasonably priced, good quality is beyond adequate. Perfect for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Only reservation is the size for seating. Otherwise, menu has a phenom concept.
I've only been to this place twice. Both times have been excellent. I would suggest you try the Apollo Fries they're very good with excellent flavor. Sometimes the services can be lagging nothing too terrible tho, but it's understandable because that place can get extremely busy. It's also pretty small so large parties would not be a good idea. Prices are decent not too much more or less than any other sit down restaurant. I've never really had favorite eat spot. This is now it. You can see their menu items thru their Instagram @eatskinnyfats . Check them out.
I'll start by saying... The concept is great. 
Execution is a completely different story. 
We were excited about the menu and ordered quite an array of items. We ordered a burger and truffle fries, Greek pizza, ahi sirachi taco, hot-mame, and strawberry lemonade. 
Let's start by saying I understand that this is a new place... Get it. I understand that they didn't anticipate such traffic... Get it. 
So.... The key is to make your guest who will be visibly irritated at the chaos & lack of uniformity feel important and happy. That's not happening. The employees are just as confused as the people arriving!!!
We walked in never having been here. WE see that it's crowded... Assume we have to wait, which is fine. The guy at the front wants to tell me about the menu.... I'm not dense or stupid.... Ill figure the menu out. What I would like you to do is answer how I'm to proceed with my 2 year old son and 1 year old nephew and two other members of my party. He tells me there is no list to put our names down on and it's first come first serve. The problem with that idea is that there was already a line out the door and people standing around waiting for tables...... Let's put it this way, it's just a shit fest. The Blind leading the blind. 
Yeah you can take it to go..... BUT GO WHERE?!?? The place is on a desolate road near the strip. 
They get a two because the food was good. 
The other three stars they can get if I ever decide to come back to this place after they work the kinks out and get their shit together.....oh & after I visit every other restaurant that we'd like to in Vegas..... You know... Where they have seats and a staff. Not just food and a register. 

The highlight was the strawberry lemonade... Which for the other two people with me was horrible, for me was great bc it wasn't sweet and literally tasted like strawberry, lemon, and water. 

**side note: while there they asked a couple to move to the bar bc they were taking up seats at a table for a bigger party...... And people were at the ALREADY busy register asking for boxes and trying to correct wrong orders. ...... A MESS!
Kind of really bummed actually. I love coming here, the peeps are nice but today I gotta say, I was disappointed. Something I ordered came out wrong and when I went back to have it fixed, the girl didn't even apologize, she seemed irritated that I brought it back - the cooks yanked the plate out of the girls hand while she was telling then they mad it wrong - they should know that the expo window being right there, the customer can see and hear you.. I work in the food industry as a server myself, so I pretty much know how this situation should've gone.. But didn't at all. So at this point I felt like the bad guy that they didn't get my order right. So whatever, I get my food and it just didn't taste good at all. Like they threw it together. At this point I'm over it, and when they asked me how it was I told them it wasn't good, and that was that, turned around and walked off not even a sorry, or nothing for the whole situation. Totally bummed.
This hip diner constantly changes in tune for customer satisfaction. Unique dishes from light & healthy to ala carte preference in quantity & array of choices priced perfectly so you can enjoy more than usual and never be bored. I Know that is why we constantly return here for a friendly, customer motivated , and a Chef  whom is always trying to improve for the Customer. This is one place I have not been disappointed by for consistency.
I really like the ambiance that SkinnyFats has during non-peak hours. I see people complaining about how long the wait is during lunch and I don't know what they're expecting, but we came in at the tail end of the lunch rush and were able to get seating for 6 without any trouble at all.  It was a little cramped when we were standing in line to order, because it is a small space, but it's not like the staff can change that.  Everyone was really friendly!  Definitely going to be a regular for work lunches.
Cool location. I actually liked that this place is close to the strip, but away from the chaos. It's in a bit of an industrial park. 

Inside was very very crowded, but I did overhear one of the waitstaff talking about how they were expanding (maybe he was talking about something else...). It was a bit hard to order and not be on top of someone that was eating. It was just very cramped. 

We ordered a green smoothie and breakfast burrito. Now, I know a green smoothie is a big of a gamble...but, it tasted horrible - mostly like grass clippings. Maybe they could try adding some agave to take some of the edge off. The breakfast burrito was amazing though and a huge portion. It was probably one of the better burritos I've had! Good job on that guys. 

I'll need to revisit this place for any more stars.
SkinnyFATS is a modern cafe with devil or angel food options. Skinny being food that is light in calories and fat, while Fats will leave a smile on your face (and you may perhaps have to undo the to button of your pants up before leaving). 

Since this was my maiden voyage to SkinnyFats, I decided to satiate the devil and the angel. I ordered a Skinny Snack (Ahi Sirachi) and a Skinny Salad (Cobb Me Maybe) and I decided to suck it down with the Charlie Brownin' Shake on the Fat side.

Walking in, you look over the the menu, and I had a very sweet girl explain everything to me: the concept, her favorites, and told me the specials of the day (pro-tip: specials change daily, check Facebook). She also offered me a free sample of their strawberry lemonade (so good). The place has a modern rustic feel and accents of bright, natural colors. There are even fun pictures of fruits, veggies, animals, happy faces painted on the walls. You place your order, then take a seat, and the bring your food and drink to you. The dining room is rather small, so I do not recommend this place for more than groups of 4. 

I placed my order, grabbed a seat, and some water, and then my parade of delicious came along. First the Ahi Sirachi. This was amazing. It was light and bursting with flavor. I highly recommend. The Cobb Me Maybe salad was okay. The ingredients were great, but for whatever reason, the dressing was just off... some things aren't meant to be light. The ingredients were fresh and tasty.My shake was heavenly: vanilla ice cream with NUTELLA (the nectar of the Gods), banana, and strawberry blended it. (This shake was on the kids menu, but upgraded to a 16 oz. size). It satiated the devil on my shoulder nicely.

SkinnyFats is a solid place. They also have an assortment of juices, baked items, burgers, salads, soups, snacks, shakes, and breakfast that is served all day and that I am dying to try. I highly recommend giving this place a try. It wasn't 5 star awesome, but it sure does try.
Finally, we went at 6:30pm for dinner and it was a younger 20s crowd having great conversations. 2 dinner specials were offered: fried chicken or Game hen, served with spinach, fried rice or potatoes. yummy. We had TuNuts and it was the BOMB! Also, we had my favorite Ahi taco san with a soft shell that was much more manageable to eat and slob cobb salad. For the first time we had a Beet It Juice, healthy, but i think i will create my own next visit.
Quick look: solid little restaurant in an industrial neighborhood on Dean Martin facing the I-15. If you can find the place (look for busy parking lot), than you will have a quality, reasonably priced, fresh meal. 

In depth review: SkinnyFats has a solid buzz on the streets on Vegas with the locals at the current moment. Decided to try it last Tuesday and I am glad that I did. Really cool and hip casual vibe inside. Felt very comfortable and the staff was really nice and welcoming. Could tell they liked working there. 

I order the "Cranburky" (Turkey Burger) (($10)) off "The Healthy Side" w/ a side of sweet potato fries and the lady ordered the "More Cow Bowl" (($11.25)) off "The Happy Side" of the menu. In addition we ordered an iced tea and a fresh squeezed orange juice. The total was about $30 for he both of us. Sat down and it took about 10 minutes for our food to arrive at the table. They will bring it out to you. 

First impression is "Wow!" They give massive sized proportions. I had a giant plate of fries next to my turkey burger. My burger was amazing. Could taste every fresh ingredient and it was not greasy or messy at all. One of the better turkey burgers I have had in town. Will order this again and I highly recommend it. The sweet potato fries were stellar and very tasty!

The lady had the Teriyaki filet bowl and said the meat was delicious. She had a complaint that I can vouch for as I sampled it. The fried rice in the bowl was wet and soggy. Too much juice from the meat and veggies and it ruined the taste of the fried rice. Could do a better job straining the fluids before they add the meat / veggies. Actually turned bowl upside down and strained a good amount of water from it right at the table. She still ate and enjoyed it. We had enough left over for a second tasty meal. They give you a lot! 

Juice was also steep in price. $8.50 for a 24 ounce OJ is a bit much. That's my opinion. 

But overall SkinnyFats is out to a great start. We will go back and try it again. Maybe this week?
Just Yelped for food and found Skinny Fats.  I had high hopes only to be let down. We ordered 2 chicken burgers and a waffle. My bacon was good, fruit awesome, waffle cold and hard as a rock. Needed a knife to get through it. The chicken burgers looked like processed chicken?  Over all tasteless aside from the fryes. Hope your experience is better then ours.
I really wanted to like this place more. 

Like everyone already said, it's hard to find. Although they do have little signs on the lamp posts that let you know you missed the building, cause it's bound to happen.  The restaurant is just too small, although I did go over lunch and it was incredibly busy. But it was off-putting. We couldn't sit until someone else got up from a table, and that just felt a tad awkward.

I ordered the burger benedict. It was OK. Apart from the fried egg in the burger, nothing was "benedict" about the burger. I was thinking it would have hollandaise on it or something a bit more. And the burger meat was slightly underseasoned. The truffle fries are epic though and very addicting.

The bf had the neato burrito. It was a breakfast burrito. Nothing remarkable about it.

We tried them at Bite of Las Vegas and actually enjoyed it more there. I got the Chix on Broadway there, which was super yummy. Bacon makes everything better. We also tried the ahi siracha tacos. I know these are one of their best sellers, but I just thought they were OK.

Like I said, I really wanted to like this place, but it was just OK. I probably won't be back anytime soon, at least not until they expand or something.
Delivery took an hour and I was 2 miles alway we ordered the most basics acai bowl and ahi poke and smoothies. I have worked in the industry before its a taco and granola bowl should of been 20 min tops. Should of gotten a discount. :/ dissapointed.
This place came highly recommended from some Vegas locals I know. I was in town for business and a made a point to come in. I had the neato burrito and was super happy I did! Staff was very friendly and attentive to my questions. The girl taking my order was very knowledgeable of the menu. The place was busy and it was a Wednesday at 2:00 PM. Menu is awesome so I cant wait to come back and try something new.
Random place for a restaurant, however don't mistake that for a complaint. 
What a concept, SkinnyFats. It's like the angel on one shoulder telling you to eat a salad or some ahi tuna but that devil on the other side is like "NO, CHOCOLATE BANANA PANCAKES, NOW!!!" I fairly waited to write this review til I had dined off both the skinny, and the fat side of the menu. Although the skinny side is excellent and has tons of options of just about everything the fat side does, I still prefer the fat side. Even with the salads! The Aphrodite wedgie was freaking amazing! They recommend add tuna for protein but I added avocado instead. Still great. I'd pass on the truffle fries again, but my boyfriend liked them. He got the Philly that comes with huge portobellos, mushroom heaven! My second visit I had the cheeseburger Benedict and it was a solid, home cooked burger with fresh veggies and egg. It exceeded my expectations actually. They also offer a cucumber water, love when places do that! 
There are also skinny and fat juices, shakes, and floats. Everything from a hangover helper, to a orange fanta float. Honestly, there are no way the creators of this menu weren't potheads. Creativity at its finest put into action. Well done. 
The only downside is parking your car, then parking your butt. Finding parking is rough, then getting food and dining in, even harder. Especially during lunch hour. If you do find a spot, there are people lingering over you, waiting for you to get up. I'm thinking outdoor dining in this area may be prohibited but would be a great idea if allowed. 
Other than that really nothing bad to say. I have also heard they have a secret menu and daily specials. 
I really like that they embrace diversity and let the employees be themselves as well. The owner of this place seems awesome, and I hear from a secret birdie they have chosen a new location for expansion. Nice!
SkinnyFats is the kind of place that you can't really describe, you just have to go there to experience it.

The menu has two sides: the skinny side (healthy-ish food) and the fat side (drop dead delicious horrible-for-you food).  The concept is fresh and I find it amusing for some reason; the place makes me smile.  I also love the fact that they have infused water for patrons.  It's a nice treat.

But the food is hit and miss I've found.  I love the Siracha Ahi Tacos, but there is soooo much dressing on the slaw that it drips everywhere and makes the tortillas soggy.  The chicken and waffles was excellent.  My friend got the Cranburkey sandwich from the Skinny side and said it was very dry.  The burger my husband had was amazing.  It seems like the Skinny foods are the ones that I'm slightly disappointed by, but the Fat foods are pretty damn delicioso.

It's a neat little place that can get pretty packed.  Definitely worth checking out.
I've tried a variety of menu items here including the: TBLT, God Fries, Shroomin' Philly and chicken & waffles. Out of all those items I think I enjoyed the God Fries the most while everything else was okay. The God fries had chicken, feta and other things that made a nice contrast of flavors and textures. If you order the Shroomin' Philly, just note that it is vegetarian because there is no beef in there at all. You might be better off ordering the Phatty Philly even if it is on the Happy Side. I was deceived by the picture and thought there was meat until I started eating the sandwich. The chicken and waffles was pretty standard, but definitely no wow factor. Make sure to ask for the maple syrup on the side because there was a little bit too much for my liking. I haven't ordered these items but tried them from another person's plate:Tu nuts, Ahi Sirachi tacos, and Naked chicks all of which are very tasty and I highly recommend! If anything look at the Yelp pictures and if it looks good then it should be good. 

People talk about a line, but I guess that's only during the lunch hour rush because I've never encounter it on my past 4 visits. Ambiance is awesome as you can already tell from the pictures, this place is definitely trendy even the signs for the male and female restrooms crack me up. If you haven't been here yet, you gotta try it especially if you're on that "I eat everything healthy except my cheat day" diet.
This place is sooo good! I usually have their food truck where there is a limited menu , but I entered a drawing at one of the local LV events and won a $20 gift certificate. My brother was in town, so I decided to take him to this place. We went on a Wed afternoon and it was PACKED! I was surprised at the size of the place. It is really small, but the portions, prices, and service make up for the long wait. I also found out they have online ordering, which is always great. 

The food was fantastic. I had the veggie sandwich, my brother had a typical breakfast, and my sister in law had the burger. Portions were massive, and for 34 bucks(before the gift card) is not bad.

I also love the concept of this place. It has two sides of the menu; a HAPPY and HEALTHY. One side is healthy food, and the other is...not...so healthy. 

Highly recommend this place if you are looking for well made food that is unique to Las Vegas.
This place is awesome! Awesome staff & most importantly the food is delicious! The only down side to this restaurant is that they need a bigger space. It gets so packed that their is no where to sit.
Great place for eats. Truffle fries were amazing, as well as you can get the sweet potato fries truffle style. Pizza is all gluten free (and good!). 

They have many healthier options, as well as things similar to chicken and waffles. Now I've been to Roscoe's out in LA, and they have great chicken and waffles, but these guys offer a comparable dish.

Service was amazing! Decor was phenomenal. All their advertising was top notch too. Hands down, one of the better restaurants I've been to this year.

They are reasonably priced. I ordered the philly steak sandwich, $12 (it was the most expensive thing on the menu). Chix on Broadway sandwich for my wife, $9. Pizza for our daughter, $9. Our friend ordered the Cranberry Turkey burger, it was around $9. We all finished everything, but were stuffed. Everything was great.

Only downside is they are kind of out of the way. But they do cater, and they do deliver to nearby areas. Still worth a trip though, just to check out the spot.

Supposedly they're expanding to near Boca park and also near the downtown area. If you get a chance, check them out.
First off this place gets busy & has limited seating because of how packed it can get. It is located a bit out of the way however it is definitely worth the drive because the food is just that good. The interior decor of this place is really nice to, definitely some interesting things to keep your mind occupied while you wait for your food. The aesthetically pleasing interior combined with impeccable cleanliness to this place made me feel comfy and at ease.

I was fortunate enough to chat with the owners a bit (skinny & fats) and these guys are super down to earth and stoked on any input from the customers. They are on site regularly and take pride in their food. They are constantly doing specials and making all kinds if secret menu items (chicken and waffles is a must). As far as the regular menu goes it is creative, well done, and most likely inspired by some pot smoking. 

The idea of choosing skinny or the fat side of  menu is a great edge to this spot and you can't go wrong whichever way you go. Also the employees here are great to, nothing but smiles from all of them!

All in all I have nothing but great things to say about this place. Yes it gets crowded and yes seating can be a pain and yes it's a bit off the beaten path. But it is worth putting up with these three issues, good food at goo prices are hard to come by these days.
I got the beets by goat salad and added filet mignon. The salad was tasty, but the filet was far less than stellar. It was ice cold and had zero seasoning on it. It tasted like they cooked a piece of steak in a skillet with no seasoning, cut it up, put it in the fridge, and grabbed some and threw it on my salad....Not what I was expecting...Season the steak!!!

All the other food looked so good, I guess maybe I made a bad choice in what I went with. I'll give it another shot based on all the great reviews this place has and by what I saw on the plates at the tables around me.
I've been wanting to check this place out ever since I read my fellow Yelper and friend Dyanna's review! So when we decided to have one of our lunch dates I voted to go here. 

We went on a Wednesday at 10:30am because they do have limited seating if you go closer to lunch it fills up fast, but let me tell you totally worth it!  The menu has the healthy side and the not so healthy side. It is soooo very hard to pick. I wanted to order ALL the things! (they also have a secret menu if you ask) I was torn between the Shroom'in in Philly and the Chix on Broadway. The staff said I wouldn't be disappointed with the Chix on Broadway and I wasn't! It had a huge chicken breast that was very juicy! The bun was lite and didn't fall apart when I cut it in half. It also had lots of cheddar cheese on it. I choose a house salad to go along side and that too was huge and yummy! Dyanna ordered off the secret menu and got chicken and waffles. Which was huge as well and piled with chicken on top of a crisp waffle. 


SkinnyFats also has cucumber water that you can refill yourself. Total score! They have fresh juices, smoothies and shakes that sound really good. I'd go back just to get something off their snack menu and get a smoothie. It's a great place for all ages they even have a kids menu! The staff is very friendly and helpful. I can't wait to go back and try ALL the things!
Awesome food & super friendly staff! Ordered the Phatty Philly & it was delicious. The truffle fries were amazing. It does get busy & seating is limited but overall a great experience.
Delicious and reasonably priced. Love that there are healthier options if you're looking to cut calories, dairy, and or gluten. They also have a secret menu, which has one I my faves, chicken and waffles.
Interesting concept and menu.  Fun and cute decor.  Very helpful and friendly staff.

Don't come at lunch expecting a wide range of lunch items...your choices will be pizza, burgers, a few sandwiches or salad.  

The menu has more breakfast type selections...waffles, pancakes, breakfast burritos, wraps and eggs...whether they be off the healthy or happy side.

The Neato Burritto was fresh and tasty.  The Fresh Morning Sandwich was okay.  The Truffle Fries were very yummy.

Quite honestly the menu was confusing so allow for a little more time to study all of your options.

I overheard about a "secret menu" after we ate and I have no idea what is on it, but maybe you want to ask about it.

Also there is quite a following here so expect a line to order and possibly a wait for a table.
I knocked off a star because of how small the location is. I have heard rumors that suggest they are looking at bigger locations which I hope is true.  

Food is yummy. Had the ahi taco & for the prize I am in total Ah! Everything is so well put together... Toppings to sauce its an A+ 

Shakes are decently priced & tasty but in my opinion their juices are a tad over priced. 

I also had a latte & that was well crafted too.

Kudos to Skinnyfats. Hope you expand soon!
Well, had high expectations. Interior is nice, but that's about where it ends. had a breakfast sandwich with egg, bacon, tomato, avocado, and some kind of Aioli. Well, this was about the blandest sandwich I've ever had. they made the eggs 7inches in diameter while the bun (and don't be fooled, the "brioche" bread was nothing more than a hamburger bun. no taste whatsoever of any kind of "Aioli" in there, and the avocado was not ripe and had a weird lemon taste to it. The potatoes were literally cubed and over-fried pieces, and there were many "crumbs" included. Pricing was definitely above where it should be. Next, sampled the pancakes with bananas and chocolate syrup, and whipped cream. Yeah, portion here, way too big, and it was diabetes in a plate. This may be opinion, but trying to make it into a meal by adding bacon on the side doesn't bode well. This was definitely one that you'd have to share with a large table, because no one person can fathom eating this. Coffee was average. Took a long time for service. Probably won't be back. This place plays on the naming, environment, cool graphics and all, but at the end, food is mediocre.
SkinnyFats is located in an awkward, small office park on Dean Martin near Sunset with minimal parking and minimal space inside, so if you're planning on a weekday lunch be prepared for a bit of a crowd and nowhere to park. The restaurant is equally small but colorful with just a handful of two- and four-top tables, and maybe ten seats facing a high counter along the window. There are veggies and animals painted all over the walls, with fun metal corrugated ceiling tiles. It's a loud, lively space, and gets a bit hectic when it's crowded. The menu has a healthy and unhealthy side, both filled with quite a number of items for breakfast, lunch or dinner. On the healthy side you will see juices, snacks, gluten-free pizzas and sandwiches. On the unhealthy side, or happy side as they call it, you have choices of shakes, waffles, snacks, sandwiches, and more. There seems to be plenty of options for whatever you're looking for, and I'll certainly have to stop back in to try some more.

So as usual I came for one thing, and in this case it's their Cheeseburger Benedict: 1/2lb angus burger with lettuce, tomato, pickles, cheddar, avocado, red onion, fried egg and SF sauce. What came out looked great, but was kind of like the Rollin' Smoke burger I ate a few weeks ago; too damn large to properly enjoy. There's something to say of the spectacle, but the oversized assembly makes for a slightly inedible burger. The moment I picked it up and gave it a squeeze I could tell the bun might be a bit dry. The patty was sticking out from the edges of the bun so I was able to sample it on its own; it was of good quality and cooked well. The bun was indeed a bit too dry, and on first bite a bit too thick as well, but the burger quickly got messy so I saw the need for something with a bit more substance. The egg had good flavor but got a bit lost in everything, there was tons of cheese that had good flavor, although some of it still wasn't melted by the time it got to my table. The lettuce was prominent and proportionally just enough, and the pickles were also good. I knew the avocado was there because a few slices fell out, but I couldn't taste it within the burger with all those other flavors mixed in. If this burger was simplified and you could properly sample some of the intended flavors it could be really great, but there is just far too much going on to enjoy this. Does any burger really need a fried egg, onion, pickles, avocado AND a sauce? I guess many people would argue that this is what a burger is all about, but for me it's a bit much. Oh and as for that sauce, I don't even know what it tasted like, and for me that's the problem.

The truffle fries on the other hand were really good; almost all of them were cooked well and they were very flavorful. I found myself eating them well after my giant burger was done. Again, I feel like I have to defend myself with my slight disappointment; a massive burger is a great thing, but when you add too many toppings they start to cancel each other out. Maybe the solution is choosing only one or two of their offered toppings, which could provide a slightly simplified and very flavorful burger. For $10.50 with fries this really isn't a bad deal, I just found it to be a few too many items piled together. Still, the menu looks great, and all the food looks to be of very good quality, so I'll surely be back to try other items soon.
Really cool place with a lot of unique dishes. Filet mignon truffle fries and chili garlic edamame are bomb. They have the best buffalo chicken fingers I have had in Vegas so far and the pineapple teriyaki rice bowl is real good and filling as well. Highly recommend this place if you are a foodie like me.
SkinnyFats is tucked off the Strip in an industrial setting, but the inside and outside of the restaurant has been redesigned to have its own unique (and cute!) feel. There's a cheery banner outside and the inside is covered in wood and painted with produce - it's a bit cramped once you're in, but it works. I've only been once, so I'm not sure how crowded or how long a wait might be during busy times.

I had the Juan Healthy Wrap, which was jam-packed with protein and HUGE. It got a little soggy, probably from the pico de gallo, but it was still tasty. My boyfriend got the Drunken Monkey Cakes, and our friends got the apollo fries and the Slow Boat to China. All of our food was good, and it came out pretty quickly. Everything was pretty reasonably priced, too.

Why three stars? I didn't see much on the menu that makes me want to go back and eat there again. I had two of the three things I wanted to try when I was there, and while it was good, I didn't have a hard choice of picking between all my options. I seem to be the only person among my friends who feels this way, though, so maybe it's just me. I'd def. recommend trying SkinnyFats, though!
As I sit at the bar eating my "Smoke In a Bowl", watching planes take off from McCarran international, I realize that I have never once, in 22 years, been in a restaurant that I enjoyed this much. 

The food is not incredible. I have nothing to complain about at all - it's not like I'm at a fine steak house or anything. It's very good for the price. 

Staff is friendly, attentive and quick to service. Good attitude. 

The room, albeit a bit cramped, is bright and lively with some fun art on the walls. The music they play is exactly what I listen to on my own or in my car. 

Awesome!
The food was excellent and very fun. I really enjoyed the interesting menu items. It is not often that you get to see such unique variety in healthy items. Everything tasted fantastic. My only complaint, I wish they had more seating.
Stopped by SkinnyFats for post work feeding.

Decided to stop by because everyone was raving about this place. I had to check it out. Beforehand, I checked out the menu to see what I can devour on. I was sold on the ahi tacos. Yup that's it. Oh yeah, fries too. But fries is like a staple food. Comes and goes with EVERYTHING!

Anyway, back to the ahi tacos. Ordered two cause I was hungry and greedy. Took a bite out of it, it wasn't all that. It was alright. It had coleslaw like salsa and of course ahi.

For my fries, I asked if they could put feta cheese on it. I tried to make it Greek-y.

Would come back though...for something else. Like a pizza.
I'm actually quite sad that the consistency of the food has changed since they became really popular.  At first, I would order delivery for work and it was on time or early.  As the weeks passed, the delivery times got worse.  One order was skipped over so we waited an hour passed our set deilvery request time.  Today, the order is 30 minutes late and counting as I write this review.  

On top of inconsistent delivery, the last order we did was pretty  bad.  It was as if the food was pretty much dumped into the boxes.  The burgers came tossed around and the tacos were soft and not crunchy.  It wasn't tasting all that great.  When we ate in the next day, it was okay.  I'm crossing my fingers that today's delivery tastes and looks better.

I really hope that the consistency for delivery times and food quality goes up from here.  If not, there's always another burger and taco joint in town.
Fat Boys and Gym Rats of the world unite!

SkinnyFats is the Yin and Yang of the perpetually dieting community.  Their menu embodies the inner battle we all struggle with when deciding, "What should I order?"  Should I get a burger or a salad?  Should I be good or bad? Should I be fat or skinny? 

Alas these are the questions only you can answer!  Well maybe not the last one, that might be up to genetics, and well the "good or bad" thing might be more of a moral issue.  Anyway, odds are most of you are going to order from the "Happy" side of the menu, but I can assure you if you take from the "Healthy" side you will be just as satisfied, as will your cardiologist.
This place is amazing!! Gourmet tasting food and so much of it for your money! SO well worth it! Highly recommended!
The hubby and I decided to try this place again, and man...what a difference! 

We came late at night, probably 8pm? so we didn't have any trouble finding seats and the staff was quite at there leisure and willing to help us pickout our dinners this night. 

What we got: 
They have a really phenomenal iced tea (I like them cool, refreshing and unsweatened...this hit the mark perfectly) 5/5
the truffle fries, they were good, but I wasn't amazed and probably wouldn't order them again. 3/5
Ahi Srirachi taco very good 5/5
Ahi taco san very good 5/5
Flat chix and greens. LOVE, love this concept, it's just a lean chicken breast that becomes the "crust" with a bunch of dark argula greens and sauce. so healthy and yummy!! 5/5
Nice to Greek pizza. when we ate it there i didn't really like it 2/5, but when i warmed it up the next day it was REALLY good. i think the crust softened a bit and we liked it! 5/5

Also, this is an odd think to notice, but I love the decor, they have the B-ball game on, and their bathrooms are really clean. (It shows that the business cares about every aspect of their restaurant)
Amazing concept! Fresh chicken.  Naked chix are delicious.  Flat chicken outrageous.   Can't wait to go back to try more.   Great work guys.  Great staff.  Keep smiling.
This is most definitely one of Vegas' best hidden gems! Even with use of gps my friends and I had trouble finding this spot, but boy are we glad we did! 

Their menu has multiple options for the health conscious folk & those who don't give a phuck about calorie content alike, and that's what makes this place so incredibly awesome! Definitely some of the best food I've ever had, and I'll definitely be coming back!
Not much I can say that has already been said about this place. Food is simply amazing, I recommend checking out there Instagram or pics here if you need some help picking out what you want to get. Secret menu galore
This place was amazing!  Super healthy and everything tasted great!  The location is a little bit off the beating path, but worth it!  The fresh fruit juice smoothies are off the hook!
What an interesting concept, mashing two menus of healthy and unhealthy or "happy" food all in one. The location of this place is weird, almost like you're driving to a doctor or lawyers office parallel to I-15. 

I decided to go with the monkey cakes (s'more/banana pancakes) and a side of healthy brown rice. Interesting combo I agree!  The brown rice was really good and fresh. The pancakes were a large portion but unfortunately the bananas are not baked into the batter, but placed on top. Overall they were good cakes but not to the level of Eat or Gold Spike cafe. 

That being said I love the concept and will return to try a few more menu items. The prices are fair so I see no harm!
I love that you have the option to build your own juice or smoothie... You can choose up to four ingredients for the standard cup sizes, or add as much as you want (for an additional cost per ingredient). The food is also fantastic.
Amazing place! Everything here is perfect. Bomb food and awesome customer service! A must try and must go to! Love the cups and the atmosphere! :)
Awesome lunch or dinner spot when your an on-the-go kind of person. Food is amazing and the staff is friendly. Yes it does get a lunch rush because its the best spot in town. I love the TBLT and the flat chix with greens. If your havent been here, go see what you're missing. Both healthy and happy options. Love it.
Love this place!

My boyfriend and I try to come here once every few weeks and it never disappoints. I'm a vegetarian and he eats anything and everything so there's something for everyone!

If I feel skinny enough to consume some extra calories I'll get the Happymess and substitute the steak for portabello mushrooms. Yum! Pretty much anything on the menu can be made vegetarian so just ask!

If you follow Skinnyfats on Instagram you can get the scoop on what specials they have that day and what's on the secret menu.
Great idea for a restaurant! My vegan mom was pleased with the healthy side, and I loved the fish tacos I got. Waaay larger portions than I anticipated. Everyone left happy :)
SkinnyFats is definitely a modern concept for Vegas. It preaches sustainability and fresh ingredients for healthy and delicious food. I have been a few times and each was not a disappointment. Initial view makes it look expensive. Once you see the amount of food you receive for the price, it is a steal. It is definitely one of the new favorite places.

The first visit had me reeling at how delicious the food is. The Smoke in a Bowl is one of my favorites. The mixture of sweetness from the agave BBQ chicken mixed with the savory components made it well balanced. The second time; I got the Slow Boat to China and the aPollo fries. It is a generous portion of both. The hollowed out half cucumber topped with chicken salad and a mixture of sauces was excellent. The sweet potato fries topped with a mixture of sweet and savory. It was odd at first to remember that there are olives, cranberries, chicken, feta, and arugula topped with a balsamic reduction. It worked well together. The breakfast fell into the same catergory. Satisfactory for the most part. I had a few bites of the Creme Brulee french toast and enjoyed it without the maple syrup. The beet salad is nothing special and was the biggest disappointment. I just don't think about them and it was another perfect experience.
My boyfriend and I tried this for the first time last week and absolutely loved it! 

The 2 people working there when we stopped by, Tyler and Nicole, were so helpful while we figured out what we wanted to try first and very friendly! We'll definitely be back!
you can get skinny and fatty food off any restaurant's menu, but it's still a pretty genius idea to make this place all about having both options to make everybody happy. the crazy lines at lunch aren't exaggerated, but we luckily beat them by about 10 min getting there right at noon on a weekday. we even managed to snag a table as someone else left - yay!

i got the "healthy" cranburkey w a "happy" side of slaw chee. the turkey burger on its own was decent, but adding the slaw chee to the burger made it really great. all the flavors meshed really well together. 

my friend went with chix on broadway w sweet potato fries - basically a fried chicken blt. it was good, but nothing exceptional. if you have a big appetite this would be good for you - i don't think i've ever seen such a big chicken breast before. the fries reputation on yelp was exaggerated a little imo - they were typical sweet potato fries. 

overall i liked skinnyfats, and would go back if i'm in the area. my one complaint is that since they're saying certain things are healthy, they really need to back it up with nutritional values at least on their website if not the menus. 

the cranburkey was definitely healthier than the fried chicken sandwich, but by how much? it was regular ground turkey, not turkey breast, so it wasn't exactly low in fat or calories. it was also a pretty big honey wheat bun - so i'm guessing probably a couple hundred calories for the bun alone? i'm not a calorie counter obviously, but it would be nice to have a little more info since "healthy" can be pretty subjective
Obsessed with Skinny Fats. I've had just about everything on the menu. They are always packed, but the staff is awesome. Could be a bad thing to my belly and pockets that our offices are right next door. And the fact that that they have increased operating hours. I'm in trouble.
I have been here quite a few times.  Great friendly service, with consistent food and affordable prices.   The "Slow Boat to China" is my favorite.  I also love The "Cool-Mame"  It's hot edamame dusted with a ranch powder and served with a ranch dressing dipping sauce.  The tomato bisque and chicken noodle soups are good as well.  The artwork is colorful which makes a happy atmosphere.  It can seem a little small and crowded when it's busy but it's worth it. The place is a hidden gem and can be a little hard to find even after you have been there.  I watch for the big beer bottle shaped sign on the Vegas Strip Side of the Freeway.  If you are heading South on Dean Martin it's on your right shortly after you go over the railroad track crossing.
I do not get why any of you think the food is Good here .... OR HEALTHY!!! Where are the Nutritional Facts for any item on these menus? Anyone ever think about that. I was really happy to think there was a Healthy Restaurant here that was hip and fun but what I thought about this place does not represent what any of you went through.  The place is Crowded and smells Funny.  I ordered the Ahi Tacos and you can use some salt, Use sea salt for God's Sake.  It's Healthy and good for you.  Those were the driest nastiest fish tacos I have eaten in my life and I am very well traveled.  If you think no flavor means healthy you would be incorrect.  

My Boyfriend got their french fries so I tried a couple DISGUSTING they are drowned in a low grade Truffle oil and taste HORRIBLE! 

The Sweet Potato fries were just ok.  They do not use any Fruits or Vegetables in Season, so they do not seem to know much about what they are doing.  The food cooked there is MEDIOCRE AT BEST!  Why this place gets crowded is BEYOND BELIEF! 

Tell the cooks to learn how to cook out of passion and not out of routine. And put some nutritional Facts up about your food.  I want to know what I ingest and how much work I need to do later.  

And I got a Milkshake, It was so RUNNY it wasn't a shake at all. It was MILK! Learn how to make a milkshake. If I could give you 0 Stars I would have. 

If you go here thinking this is some good food obviously your Pallet has never been refined to great foods.  This place is gross.
I really like the fact that this place is a great compromise for friends, family, and couples that aren't on the same kind of diet. While I ordered the Drunken Gypsy french toast (or something like that), I would order more from the skinny menu if I could go here regularly. (I stopped here on a road trip.) The french toast was delicious and the girl  at the counter was very friendly and helpful. 
Also, the smoothie with froyo was bangin.
Very delicious! There were so many choices... I was overwhelmed. I had the breakfast with the potatoes, eggs and sourdough bread. The way to potatoes were prepared was delicious. 

I took one star off because it was really small inside and they forgot my fruit that I had asked for.. The fruit that was brought out was very wilted/ not fresh..

Otherwise, very friendly and delicious. Maybe next time I'll eat off the skinny menu...
Great spot! Food is awesome!  Try the Benedict it's awesome!
Absolutely LOVE this place. The food is amazing and it had a cool fun atmosphere. I literally eat here at least 2 times a week! I love the ahi tacos and the slow boat to china. They need to open more!!! Forever a customer! Skinny fats rules greens and proteins and that nasty protein house place suck ass.
again, I cannot stress the advice to people visiting Vegas to visit & eat places off the strip. place is hip, friendly, delicious and healthy. the ambiance is super chill, the staff is great and the food is amazing with a little of every thing. I recommend the chix broadway sandwich. The naked chix were great as well and (see photo) the Skinny Bowl with Acai Sorbet, granola, bananas, strawberries, almonds, and agave nectar is ridiculously delicious. As is their hot mame (see photo) which is chili garlic edamame. Great find!!!! please expand to LA, haha
I come here all the time and I just want to say I love the food! The service is always fantastic. I'm a picky eater with specific orders. I always come around the same time and I usually see the  same cooks back there. There is one in particular, I don't know his name but he wears a hat and has tattoos but he always makes my food perfect and has the best attitude with a smile always on his face. Keep up the good work skinny fats!
Everyone has a bad day, so does every place. So I gotta update my review - I must say this is one of our favorite spots., I try really hard to try everything on the menu, they give you 10% off forever if you do try everything on their menu (they keep track), which is really cool. The healthy waffle is delish, I tried the Shroomin In philly which was really good, along side a strawberry lemonade and I'm set! Hope they open another one soon, it can get crowded.
much needed healthy option in Sin City! I know it's only been 7 months or so since they opened but they need to expand soon :) their juices were solid
Obsessed. Deff on the must-eat-and-go-back-again-and-again list for Vegas. 

The good: The menu has a "happy" ie delish and calorie filled side and then "healthy" still delish options. 

The spot is in a random location but really cool inside. Colorful, cool art, nice staff. 

Specials! If you follow them on Instagram @eatskinnyfats they have daily specials and a secret menu.

The chicken and waffles on the secret menu is deeeelish.

The Bad: specials run out fast so if you want it get in there! 

Great spot. Check it out.
Its a first come first serve restaurant where you order at the cashier and they bring your order to the table. Its kind of hard to find but i guess its useful so it doesnt get that much of rush. (Its a pretty small place). The place itself looks really unique.  The Shroomin' in Philly is to die for.
I've heard a lot about this place and after months of meaning to get here, I finally tried it out. It's a little hidden (it's right before the train tracks on Dean Martin if you're facing north), definitely small, but very clean and brightly decorated. When my friend and I entered almost right away we were asked if it was our first time there, and a nice guy behind the counter went over the menu with us. Great service and cleanliness gets an automatic three stars in my book as long as the food is decent. 
The food surpasses decent. A lot of this is because they had exactly what I was craving, exactly how I wanted it. I got their Cheeseburger Benedict (lettuce, tomato, red onion, cheese, avocado, some kind of delicious sauce, and a nice runny egg) which has everything I like on a burger. If I could "build my own burger" this is precisely what I want on it. They give you a choice of sides and I got the salad. It's a good size salad with romaine, tomato, and onion served with ranch. Nothing to write home about, mostly because in America you don't write home about a side salad. 
Everything is served on actual plates and metal silverware, which when I wasn't expecting, but it was a nice touch. If I wasn't so adamant about eating a burger, it would have been difficult to choose what to eat. There menu is a decent size and it caters to the fattys (ME) and somewhat to people trying to eat on the healthier side, although I'm not really sure the healthy versions are THAT much better for you. It seems like this place probably gets busy (small and in an industrial part of town), but they have you covered since you can order online. I'm always excited to try out places that aren't conglomerate branded restaurants, but I'm WAY more excited when local places do things right and SkinnyFats delivers.
Smallish, very clean space that is decorated with flare outside and in (see photos). Clientele includes parents with young ones in high chairs, gym work-out buddies, and wifi seekers such as myself. It does get busy but seems to have just enough space to seat everyone. Chairs are comfortable, tables seat two or four, and a long high bar with stools comes with a row of outlets for laptops, plus a view of McCarran airport planes taking off. 

Food? Great to delicious. Half of the menu lists healthy eats, the other half "happy" options. Their drunken gypsy french toast is brilliant and comes with perfect applewood bacon. I usually don't bother with syrup, but theirs is divine. Truffle fries are tasty. Filter coffee is fine. 

Service is friendly and attentive. Staff try hard to make a great impression on each patron. 

Great reputation they have and most deserve. I'm a repeat customer.

Only con: Sometimes the music is super loud.
Don't come Durring lunch it is too packed.. However food is good and definatley a cool place to check out.
Want to know where the good places to eat are? Ask a local. Thanks to Chelsea at Impact Archery for recommending SkinnyFats. Whether you are a dedicated carnivore or a hard core vegetarian SkinnyFats has good food you will love.

We went for lunch and it was busy. This is one of the better kept secrets off the Strip. Food is excellent. The service is good. Despite being packed the establishment was clean and well-kept. If anything they need a bigger place. Undoubtedly they will become more popular.

Prices were reasonable and on par with quality.
Great attention and environment if you're shooting for the small hole-in-the-wall scene. The food was OK, it could use some more salt. I had the smoke in a bowl and a mr. Green skinny juice. If you want to have a large selection of healthy foods, give this place a try
The hype is true. SkinnyFats is delicious, affordable, and way cute. It is quietly snuggled on Dean Martin drive where business buildings and a strip club are located. It's Vegas, don't be so surprised. 

The space is quaint and small with limited tables and just a handful of barstools. I have been fortunate enough to always beat the lunch rush. Their walls are hand painted with  pictures of vegetables from what I could remember. 

I love their acai bowl aka SkinnyBowl and recently ventured to their Happy Side and ordered the "happyness". It is sliced pieces of steak with truffle fries. SO GOOD. 

If you haven't tried it out, you're missing out!
SkinnyFats is exactly what it says it is. They have a skinny, or healthy, side of the menu and they have a fats, or happy, side of the menu. It was like they wanted you to have a mental and psychological break down or something. You know the devil and the angel that appears on your shoulders? Well, the healthy side can be your angel while the happy side can be your devil. Now before I indulge a bit more ... let me start with my story.. 

I first read about this place when I was randomly browsing yelp and I had wanted to try it. However, the NEED to try it wasn't that great -- mainly because the menu wasn't all that interesting to me. Then came a yelp event where SkinnyFats participated.. well, needless to say that my friend and I were definitely and completely interested in them after we tried their food. So we made it our goal to try this place when we were both free. 

Alas! The time has come! I had two friends visiting from out of town last week and we took them to SkinnyFats for lunch. The place was smaller than we thought it would be. It didn't have a whole lot of tables, maybe about 8? But they did have a bar sitting area for the onesies...or for those who can't nab a table. We were lucky enough to nab a table for our party! Also on the side note, there are some seats that are directly in sunlight due to their lack of blinds so be prepared! 

Here is what we ordered/what I've tried:

Chix on Broadway: Breaded chicken breast on brioche w/cheddar, lettuce, bacon, tomato, red onion & lemon aioli. Amazing! At first when I read the menu, I was a little on edge with it being chicken breast but I gotta give them props. It was juicy, tender, and full of flavor. The sauce that it had paired so well with the chicken. I had to take the onions out though cause for some reason they were just really spicy. And then half way through, I took the bacon out cause it just ruined the texture. I would be eating this soft and juicy chicken burger only to bite down on some hard, crunchy bacon. It didn't fly with me. Oh and I pretty much finished the whole burger. It was so delicious that I couldn't stop eating even though I was stuffed up to my collar bone. As my co-worker once said, "Finger licking good!" 

Cheeseburger Benedict: 1/2 lb. Angus burger w/lettuce, tomato, pickles, cheddar, avocado, red onion, fried egg & SF sauce. Honestly, I wasn't too into this. Maybe because when it comes to a beef burger -- a burger is a burger to me. There wasn't anything special about this and there wasn't anything that was particularly good about this. Once again, I had to take out the onions and I also noticed that you couldn't taste the avocado. Why? It wasn't ripe. In fact, it was kind of hard. 

Phatty Philly: Steak, sauted onion, peppers, portobello, bleu cheese & steak sauce on a hoagie. When I tried a bite or two of this... first off, it had way too much bleu cheese for my liking. Perhaps you could say that I'm a little biased and I'm not a bleu cheese lover but it was really a LOT of bleu cheese! On top of that, even though it said it had sauteed onions, we couldn't really taste it. The steak, however, was very good -- tender and juicy. But overall, it seemed to be missing something.

Phatty Philly (Custom): My friend decided to switch out the peppers for some jalapeno and the bleu cheese for cheddar cheese. Well, when I tried this version... I liked the addition of the jalapeno into it but they didn't give it in slices, they gave it up kind of grinded. It may have been better in slices. I think that keeping the peppers would've been a better choice. It's too bad that they didn't have too many variety of cheeses to choose from. They only had bleu, cheddar, and american, I think? I would've preferred them to have the option of provolone or mozzarella at least as a substitution to the bleu cheese. 

Overall my preferred Philly version would have steak, sauteed onions, peppers, jalapenos, portobello, mozzarella/provolone cheese, and of course the sauce. 

Ahi Taco-San Tempura: Ahi, sriracha slaw, mango pico & spicy aioli in a puffed shell. Okay, this was DELICIOUS. The puffed shell was amazingly good. The sauces, slaw, and mango went so well together. And the ahi was DELICIOUS. Nothing needs to be said about this besides TRY IT. 

Truffle Fries: Honestly, I didn't care too much about these. I may actually prefer just regular fries without the truffle oil. I'm a bit boring. I like my fries regular with some added salt and I'll be a happy camper. Cause if I don't eat the truffle fries right away, they just get soggy and I do NOT like my fries soggy. 

So, after all the things that we have tried, you can definitely tell what kind of people we are. We succumbed to our devil's desires ;)

Honestly, the Chix on Broadway and the Ahi Taco-san won it for me in the two trips I went. The food is honestly very good for the ones that I did like. I do plan to go back and try a few more things, such as their french toast!!

So give them a try!
My husband and I drove all the way from North Las Vegas to try this place. It was very good. I can understand all the reviews about the size of the place. It is quite small with approximately 8 tables or so. Despite the size, very trendy and inviting.
I LOVE THE REUSABLE CUPS!!! Great idea and forward thinking marketing. Next time I use mine it's great advertising for them. 
Since we drove 30 miles to eat here, I was very excited. I had previewed the menu online and read fellow Yelpers reviews before our journey. I had a pretty good idea of what I wanted to order. My husband ordered the Chix on Broadway and the Caprazy salad. I ordered the slow boat to China and the Chix Flats. 
Slow boat to China was Delicious! The sauces were delicious and the perfect sweet/salty/creamy compliment to the fresh cucumber flavor. The Chix Flats was tasty as well. The chicken was juicy and the salad on top was fresh and flavorful. 
My husband was highly impressed with the Chix on Broadway. It was a huge sandwich. He had to cut it in half in order to be able to hold it. I had a piece of the bacon from his sandwich, Thumbs up! The truffle fries were just ok... the balsamic ketchup was the perfect compliment to them. The Caprazy salad was good. Nothing all that different or special about it. 
The service wad excellent. Our food came out quickly and correctly. There was a very nice young man that cleared our plates and asked us about our meal. He was very friendly and we spoke about how far we had traveled. He was sincere in thanking us as we left and invited us to return. 
Since our visit I have found out about the "secret menu" & I cannot wait to visit again!!!
Out of all the places I've tried, I really wanted to like it. 

Atmosphere: as a group of first timers, we were a bit confused. The space feels a little tight, especially if you take awhile to decide what to eat. Grab a seat and take your time, then when you go to the counter it'll be easier to order. I like the vibe of the place. The decorations are different from what you usually see at other places.

Food: I got the chicks on broadway sandwich with truffle fries. I thought the sandwich was okay. I feel like it lacked some taste. I actually liked it more as leftovers because the sauce was thicker from being out. The truffles fries were decent. If I wanted fries, I think I would have just got the regular ones.
 I do wish that they had a better iced coffee selection.

I think id try this place, but get something different. Maybe something from the healthier side.
My experience at SkinnyFats was so good.  The service was awesome, the food was delicious, the atmosphere was inviting and the location kind of random (Dean Martin??  We almost missed the turn.)
 I heard a lot about it prior to coming but I was a little worried about their selection because I was eating with vegetarians and a vegan.  We ate mostly from the "healthy" side, but we were not disappointed.  There were lot of options all which were delicious!  

I loved the truffle fries with their specialty jalapeo Heinz ketchup!  The Beets by Goat salad was amazing!  I love arugula with goat cheese!  We also got the ahi tacos, smoke in a bowl, and the Aphrodite wedge ( which  looks a little different than a traditional wedge, but still good).  

 I really likes their "healthy"menu, but I can't wait to come back and get something on the "happy" side,
I had high hopes for this place before even trying it. My coworker is also health-conscious and she came upon this place and really persuaded me to try it out. After the first visit, I knew I was going to come back multiple times (kind of a random place for it to be on Dean Martin so it looks like they're probably big on word-of-mouth advertising). The ambiance is nice and it's kind of small so if they're really busy you'll probably be without a seat. I wouldn't recommend big groups. Maybe a group of 4 or less would be perfect.

1st visit was mostly for dessert BUT then I realized they don't really have dessert because all the dessert-related pictures on Instagram are for their Sunday Sundae specials.
I ended up getting a kid's sized order of Adventure Juice (juiced spinach, orange, and lemon, blended with strawberries, bananas, and frozen yogurt or ice cream) which was actually pretty yummy. I tried it with ice cream.

The Drunken Gypsy Toast $7.75 is an SF Crme bruled Brioche, berries, bananas, whipped cream & syrup w/Applewood bacon and that was also really yummy. I liked the softness of the brioche toast and all the berries and bananas was nice to go with it. I was just pleasantly surprised with both things. Sometimes you come to a place and you're like eh, maybe I'll come back, but this one is a for sure.

It's always a plus to go out to eat and have delicious healthy options. For the ones that don't want to be "healthy," you can order from their "happy" menu. I am definitely going to try a lot of their healthy-side menu options, though. They all look promising. 

Also, check out their Instagram for new pictures of different dishes because it may not sound good on paper but it looks so damn good.

I will be back with an updated review :).
I tell you...I need to do a better job in 2014 taking care of some of my bookmarks.  I've had SkinnyFats bookmarked ever since I read Amanda M and Nelson Q's review back in July. The gf even told me about this place and wanted to go.  She made it, I didn't.  But now I'm here. 

So if you read the other reviews, then you get the gist of what SkinnyFats is all about.  They have a "Healthy" side and a "Happy" side.  Obviously, the "Happy" side is your higher calorie options while the "Healthy" side is for those trying to clean it up.  There's a selection here for everyone, which makes this place a must try at least once.  But a place like SkinnyFats may not be for everyone.   First of all, the Healthy side isn't super clean.  It's just clean for eating out.  As for their "Happy" side, it's higher calorie but not crazy high.  

As a first-timer, I decided on getting something on the "Healthy" side. What I get? I got their Healthy Juan Wrap, which consisted of egg whites, chicken breast, black beans, turkey sausage/bacon, brown rice, cilantro yogurt, cheese and pico all wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla.  When I ordered this bad boy, I was told that the Juan had 3 egg whites and 6 oz. of chicken.  My goodness, this has to be 50+ grams of protein.  Sweet..this takes care of two meals for me.  I loved my order.  I know it's a wrap, but to me this tasted like a healthier version of huge breakfast burrito.  I killed it and left SkinnyFats satisfied.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=GolhEXzqrzu1AthjhU7RFQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Now for the ambiance.  SkinnyFats is one popular and tiny restaurant.  I say popular because the lines made it outside.  This place gets crazy and loud.  And because it gets so busy around noon, our orders took some time.  So take my advice, SkinnyFats is a place to try, but not around lunch time.




PS:  I'm sure that I will be back.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gqksGYp585yrpB2re-gq0w&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
This was a very cool place - small so if you are going during a lunch or when it's busy expect to eat at a counter or get lucky with one of the few tables.

The theme of this place is that there are some really "healthy" menu items and some really "heart clogging" menu items; all seem to taste good, you just pick from the "mood" you are in.  

I was in the "heart clogging/healthy" mood so went for a chicken meal and it was really good.  Definitely a great experience and would like to try more of the menu when back in the area.
Yes.  Many options for the skinny and the fats.  You will find something you'll like.  Must see - the restroom sex indicators.
Meet asian persuasion family for lunch jump start Shirley B birthday part one at Skinny Fats. Half of us old timers where I was in the half of first timer. I never even heard of this place without help of  my yelp family. Its gotten lot of buzz hear people talking about SkinnyFats. I excited about checking the hype. 

Talk about interesting location. I totally wrong turned it  so had too big circle loop back along way notice that nothing around it at all. If looking for restaurant never find it. It located in more of small retail business office area rather then free standing restaurant. Make sure going down Dean Martin Drive keep your eye out for the big happy smile face. Once you do find it realize SkinnyFats is diamond in the rough. 

Never think such small office space that they could be putting out amazing Healthy or Happy side meals. They truly do!!! I was surprise by the selection too choose from since such tiny place. Really only hold less then fifty seats. We all meet up at craziest time lunch prime time. Literally if not for Mel and Terri showing up before or around 11am never got seat. Noon the place is ridiculous. The line out the door and good luck finding place too sit down. There reason why the place is packed really good food.

I went with the Phatty Philly. Amazing. I love the fact nice thick slices of meat not your typical philly style sandwich. Even the portobello mushrooms (perfectly roasted and well seasoned) nice thick slices. The goat cheese and the onions. Sure missing two more ingredients. It had lot of things going on inside but the BEST part was everything balanced each other too perfection. Every bite was awesome. The bread that the served on was great! Not sure if cause Happy side but my order came with side. I went with the truffle fries. I thought was solid. I love the condiments that each table came with especially the salt shaker. Flavor ketchup swear that was first for me. Balsamic or Jalapeno flavored ketchup. Interesting. I never tried either but next visit taste them with some fries. 

The service was great. Even when it was mad crazy they did great job of keeping up on everything. They thanked you for your patience once got your food. Sure plan on coming back but not during rush hour traffic. Bit much.
Amazing fresh food. Lots of Paleo options. Fresh menu, fresh concept, fun place to eat. The sitting area is a little small so go early if you can.
Friday Morning - got my usual breakfast sammy (chipper morning - never disappoints!) Friday night - picked up a ton of good eats for the weekend (half my check goes to this place I swear!) & even though my order was pretty jacked up & some of the staff can be a little rude at times- everything was still delicious!
This place was recommended to me by my MMA coach and I was not disappointed. Amazing food, great customer service, very clean, and awesome staff! Thanks for the great experience guys, I'll be back soon!
Been meaning to come here forever! It was one thing or another that delayed me trying this place but finally I made it! Glad I did too! Lunch hour here is crazy busy! Good thing Mel & Terri R was able to snag a table for us since they got there early.

Everything off the Skinny /Healthy and Happy/Fats side sounded really good! I ended up getting two entrees! Bonjour Brulee a breakfast entree and Beets by Goat a salad entree off the "Healthy" menu side.

I chose the Skinny side not because it was the healthier choices but because I love goat cheese and arugula incorporated in my salads and beets too!  And when the Bonjour Brulee french toast topped with fresh berries, drizzled in agave was presented to me, I was impressed! So I had no regrets with my choices! Both salad and french toast were delicious! It also came with two silver dollar turkey sausage patties which I skipped.  I took a bite and didn't like it anyways. So I can do without that. The juices and shakes sounded good but were on the pricier side. As much as some of the entrees. So I can do without that too.

It's a fast casual restaurant. Place your order at the counter and they'll bring it to you when it's ready. I don't think the dining area is small for the space it's in. There's enough tables. It's just this place is so popular! That's a good thing though right?? The turnaround for a table here can be a while during the lunch hours then again, it's busy all day!

The line to order during the time I was there was out the door long! So I highly suggest you call or use the app you can get for your phone to place your order and pickup will be quicker. Yelp app or online has a place also where you can order for delivery or pickup!

Parking wasn't really a problem, that's if you park further away from their store front and don't mind walking a little more. 

Location in an industrial setting is pretty innovative if you ask me. What a great idea for a start up business, it's probably more cost effective to lease space here. I so would find it a bonus having a restaurant nearby my workplace. It wasn't too hard to find the place for me. Your visual cue is (NB on Dean Martin) the  "Post Commerce" sign on the corner of the industrial lot Skinnyfats is located. If your SB on Dean Martin, it's just past the railroad track crossing. Entrance to Skinnyfats is facing I-15.

From what I noticed all the people who were on their lunch hour, no one seemed to mind waiting for their food, waiting in line, or waitng for table or waiting at all! Must be they've ate from the "happy" side of the menu alot. Just know there's a wait, but the food is worth it!
This place is so good. I had a chicken sandwich and it was the best yet. Also, their cole slaw is so good I may need a 12 step program to curb my affinity for it. 

Joint is small. Kids menu was well received by my shorties. I hear it is crazy busy and I can see why. Looked like they do a decent take out business. Highly recommended. Oh I ate from the fat and happy side of the menu
I almost hate to write this, because I don't want it to get even busier; but I'm doing it anyway because this place is so awesome!

After seeing a Facebook friend continually post pics from Skinny Fats, I knew I had to try it.  I knew the restaurant was small, but decided to be brave, and not only took my family of four on a Friday night, but an additional family of four as well.  We arrived at 5:30; early enough to get a table configurated for the 8 of us and the waiter couldn't have been any nicer or accommodating about it.  It is very small, but has such a cool vibe to it!  The decor is perfect and it really speaks to whole feel you get there.  Plus, it was super clean, including the bathrooms, which is always appreciated with kids!

We were ordering for four children and four adults, and as first timers had no idea what we were doing.  The staff was SO nice and helpful with everything, and super welcoming!  We all managed to order (there's a secret menu too!), and waited anxiously while ogling over the super cute salt shaker, and choices of ketchups at every table.

I got the cranberry turkey sandwich on the "skinny" side of the menu, and balanced it out with the truffle fries.  It was all super good... Fries were amazing!  My husband got the chicken sandwich with the Asian coleslaw.  Sandwich was great (on a brioche bun!), and the coleslaw... Oh my.  Best I have EVER had.  I seriously considered asking for an order of it to take home!  Other items ordered and loved were the sweet potato fries and BLT sandwich.  The kids all got the chicken fingers and root beer floats... They were in heaven.  

As far as drinks go, they have a great variety of floats, shakes and cold pressed juices.  Yummy fruit infused water is also an option.  And, we couldn't leave without buying some huge cookies from the pastry case!

By the time we left around 6:40, it was packed.  I can see why!  We all can't wait to go back for breakfast!  And lunch, and dinner, and breakfast again, etc. ; ). As a Vegas native, I'm SO excited to see a place like this pop up in town and wish them continued success!
Be prepared to wait, & then be prepared to say the wait was worth it!

Love this place!! They have such a good assortment of pretty healthy, pretty quick food. Really yummy breakfast, good snacks, delish salads and much more. I'm especially obsessed with their breakfast items. I do tend to stick to the healthy side, which to be honest doesn't taste TOTALLY healthy but oh well, I'm ok with that. 

As for the service, so great!! Their staff is happy and friendly and competent. Always walk in to a smiling face. 

Tips:

Seating - you have to wait around and stalk ppl who look like they're about to finish and that is perfectly fine, in fact it's the only way you're gonna get a table.

Food - Try the bruleed french toast..yum!! Also they have reallyyy great turkey bacon so I sub that instead of turkey sausage. The slow boat to china is a good little snack too!

They offer delivery and pick up is always super fast.

Enjoy and don't hang around too long, we're all waiting for a table :)
This is my new spot , creative menu I had a lot of fun eating here. Try out the French toast so bomb.. Cool local spot check It out
Its actually kind of funny how their name suggests pretty much is what on their menu. They have a healthy side and a fatty side. My friend and I have been hearing a lot about this place and been dying to find a time to try it one day. 

Luckily, our first chance as at a Yelp charity event where SkinnyFats participated and offered a few items on their menu as samples. Those samples were enough to make us want to go try the real place even more. Everything was so good ! Samples of chix on broadway sliders on hawaiian sweet bread, ahi tacos, two juices, and other things. 

Chance finally came when two friends from Cali came into town and we were lookin for a lunch place. To my surprise, the place was actually quite small. I could almost swear i saw pictures, somewhere, where it showed a bigger place. i must be dreaming .... When we came, it was lunch time and was packed, but luckily, by the time we ordered, two tables cleared out and we got a place to sit. 

As with most foodies, each get a different thing, and try each others food, and so we did...

Phatty Philly w/ Truffle Fries - This was what i had ordered. Steak, sauteed onions, peppers, portobello mushrooms, blue cheese & steak sauce on a hoagie bun. The ABSOLUTE FIRST THING you notice after taking a bite, "OH MY GOD THATS A LOT OF BLUE CHEESE!!!" wow what a punch in the face with the strong blue cheese sauce. I didnt expect it to be that strong. It actually covers a lot of the other ingredients flavors. Its great if you are a blue cheese lover, but being someone who not exactly like it nor do i hate it, it was surprising. Aside from that, the steak was super tender. great quality meat, juicy, and cooked to perfection. Next time, i would ask for some grilled onions and jalepenos too and switch out the blue cheese for something lighter like a provolone. 

The fries were nice and crispy. Finally a place that doesnt drench their fries in truffle oil. Its still noticeable but it doesnt kick you in the mouth. EAT IT WITH THE JALEPENO KETCHUP ! delicious ! 

Chix on Broadway - One of the things tried before, and fell in love with (at the yelp event). Breaded chicken breast on a brioche bun with cheddar, lettuce, bacon, tomato, red onion, and lemon aioli. Though bun is different, the sandwich is still as amazing as the sampler. One of the very few places who can actually cook a chicken breast and still keep it tender and juicy ! Lemon aioli sauce gives it a bright flavor melding the entire sandwich together. For some odd reason, red onions were more spicy than sweet. My friend took them out. She wasnt a fan on bacon either. MUST TRY ! 

Cheeseburger Benedict - 1/2 pound angus buger with lettuce, tomato, pickles, cheddar, avocado, red onion, and a fried egg. This was what my friend ordered. I'm not a fan of burgers but apparently the burger was so huge, it fell apart while he was eating. He pretty much went fork & knife for the rest of the burger. At least the person who ordered it was happy? XD

Drunken Gypsy Toast - Came here after dinner with my friend who thought this place had more desserts. Apparently she saw the sunday sundaes. Oops? We shared this gypsy toast as a dessert. Topped with fresh cut fruit (strawberries, bananas, and blueberries), whipped cream, a side of syrup, and a few things of bacon. Her nor i being a fan of bacon, that immediately went to another friend. Upon first glance, the toast reminded me of the McD's hotcakes. just by the sheer shape and look. The toast was nice and thick but fluffy. Good breakfast item (as what it was designed for) lol o well. still good nonetheless. 

Overall, great place in an awkward location yet still so busy, and popular. Would love to come back to try other things, like the acai bowl !
Came for the first time, well after the lunch rush (3pm) so there was no wait.  I can see how parking and ordering may become hectic at peak hours.  From its location and size, you'd be convinced it was a commercial office space in its past life.  Though it is 'cozy,' the lay out proves the space is used optimally, and the artistic details make for a unique setting.

Order at the counter, then grab a number and a seat.  The menu provides an interesting take and variety on [namely] American cuisine.  Me and my late lunch date tried something from the 'healthy' side and the 'happy' side.  The Slow Boat to China is essentially a chicken & cucumber salad, with a few other veggies, nuts, and a glaze that most closely resembled eel sauce.  It is presented as a boat (thus the name), and tasted like a California Roll.  I enjoyed it, though questioned how 'healthy' it really was on account of the sauce.  I also ordered a side of sweet potato fries, which were prepared to a crisp--and delicious! From the 'happy' side, we ordered the Benedict Burger with truffle fries.  It was rather well done, but still juicy, considering.  I am a sucker for eggs on a burger, so I liked it before I even tried it.  It had the usual veggie fixins plus avocado.  Not a burger I absolutely must have again, but a tasty, well made burger.  Likewise, the accompanying truffle fries were pretty good, but nothing different from any truffle fries I've tried before.  Granted, we were not so adventurous with our selections; We came more for necessity than foodie experimentation [and left very satisfied].  Next time, I will give one of their Philly Cheesesteak options a spin, as well as their loaded fries.  The photos and descriptions look amazing.

The portions are pretty large/definitely shareable.  Bonus points for flavored ketchup options! The jalapeno one was my favorite.  Service was great.  Staff is friendly.  I would definitely take friends and family here.
I'd give the food and the "idea" of having a "skinny (healthy)" side and a "happy (not so heathy LOL)" side, 5 stars!  

I mostly tried items off the Healthy side as I try to be healthier when eating out.  I will admit that the dishes are GOOD!  The Juan Healthy breakfast burrito is huge!  Also, the sweet potato fries with feta and chicken breast is also delicious!  If you follow these guys on Instagram you'll see their daily (weekly) specials.  I imagine they are advertised at the restaurant as well.  

The only reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5, is because the place is really tiny and seating is very limited.  But I mostly do carry out anyway.  :)

Give it a try!  Especially if your health conscious.
Awesome little place away from the strip. The Ahi Srirachi is absolutely amazing. Super fresh. Love this place already.
I've been following this place on Instagram for months, so needless to say, the anticipation had built up. I was not disappointed!! The only reason I gave it 4 stars out of 5 is because of the size and limited seating. Came here around 2 in the afternoon, so what I thought would be after rush hour (it's in an industrial part of town, so I expected lunchtime to be a madhouse); it was still crazy busy and we got really lucky with a seat for two at the counter against the window. 

The employees were very friendly, and the interior itself reminds me of a restaurant you'd find in LA or NYC- definitely not typical Vegas. The menu was a great concept- healthy versus happy choices- but somewhat unorganized and difficult to understand. They were very accommodating to any dietary requests, which I know can be difficult in this day and age. 

The food was incredibly fresh and yummy!! Sweet N Spicy milkshake- apple, ginger, beets, banana- and Drunken Gypsy Toast- crme brled brioche, fresh berries and bananas (I certainly got a lot of bananas, didn't I), and applewood smoked bacon. So delish!! 

With an ever-changing menu, and so many creative healthy options (acai bowl with agave nectar, anyone?), this may just be one of my new favorite spots!! Oh, AND they deliver- love it!!
Finally went to Skinny Fats!! We heard about it from the Unlokt app and we were very eager to go...and hungry. We enjoyed it very much. I had the Smoke in a bowl and it was simply delicious. Huge portion and very spicy and sweet. My sister had the Flat Chix and greens and she devoured it. The staff was very helpful and friendly and the place was pleasantly clean. I'm looking forward to going again for breakfast!
Love their food and service. It's all healthy and tasty. 

The staff is very helpful and friendly. 

Otherwise, what more can I add but yum!
Found out about skinny fats through yelp after my last stay in Vegas, but I never got a chance to actually go. This Super Bowl weekend, that all changed. My buddies were very hesitant to actually try the place. If you're with a bunch of friends, you know it's hard to find a place for all to agree on after a long night out in Vegas. The options on where to eat is endless. Lucky enough, skinny fats has it all for any picky eater, so there's something for everyone. 

The location is somewhat misplaced, but it is where it is, I suppose. 

Now, the food is where it is at. I ordered the burger Benedict on menu. Let me say, the burger was fantastic and I enjoyed every bite. Also, I went with the sweet potato fries. I never had sweet potato fries, and they were good. Unfortunately, there were so many on the plate and couldn't finish them all. My buddies ordered there dishes and enjoyed there meals too. My buddies all have different diets. Ones a fitness fanatic, and the rest are just big portion eaters. They all got what they wanted and were happy at the end. 

All in all, five stars for this establishment in my book and my friends books too.
Just moved to Las Vegas and found this place on Yelp. The selection of food is excellent, and the quality is superb. I will never again be hungover without one of their  hangover juice remedies. The Acai with granola and fruit is also fantastic. I have never left a review but felt it was my duty after so many enjoyable meals from here. I always get delivery and they do add a charge so be aware. A nice mix and healthy and not so healthy food so a group of people can agree on one restaurant.
I finally understand all the hype about SkinnyFats after my first visit last night. The restaurant is appropriately named to describe the menu exactly. On one side, you have a healthy (skinny) variety of choices, and on the other, you have a plethora of happy (fats) dishes.  Both sides have some seemingly delicious choices, but for me, happy always wins if I'm eating out since I always eat healthy at home.  

The restaurant itself is tiny, with about 8-10 tables total that seat 2-4 people.  Don't expect to be able to have too private of a conversation with your dining companions as you will be as close to the table next to you as you are to each other. In addition to the tables, there is a bar that is lined up against the wall as you walk in with maybe 8 additional seats.  You first order at the counter and pay for your food, then they give you a number that you can set on your table, if you're lucky enough to get one, so they know where to bring your food out. I've heard this place is chaos at lunch, but since it was about 7:30pm we were able to get a table as soon as we walked in. 

Onto the food!

Chix on Broadway w/a side of sweet potato fries ($9.50): This massive chicken sandwich is not your ordinary plain dried chicken breast on a bun. Ooooh no.  This is much much more.  The chicken breast is lightly breaded and deep fried and so massive that its ends stick out of the delicious soft brioche bun by at least an inch or two on each side.  It's topped with w/cheddar, lettuce, bacon, tomato, red onion & lemon aioli.  This sandwich is OUT OF THIS WORLD!  The chicken is tender and juicy and perfectly seasoned.  This was by far my favorite of all the stuff we ordered. The sweet potato fries are thin cut and perfectly cooked.  They weren't out of this world, but still yummy.  5/5

Cheeseburger Benedict w/a side of truffle fries ($10.50): Everything about this burger was great, but it wasn't mind-blowing like the Chix on Broadway. It tasted like a good burger.  The egg yoke created a bit of a mess but my bf liked wiping it up with the bun. The truffle fries were good, but they just tasted like regular fries with a bit of garlic on them.  4/5

Smoke in a Bowl ($9.50): My friend ordered this from the healthy side. The flavors  of everything in it would make it seem like it should be bursting with more flavor, but it was just ok. It had big chunks of bbq chicken mixed in with pineapple, brown rice, peppers, onions, salsa, and cilantro lime yogurt. 3/5

The staff was really friendly and personable.  Our food came out fairly quickly and they were also quick to clean our plates off once we were done eating.  I'm really excited to go back. Hopefully I'll be able to resist ordering the Chix on Broadway again so I can try other things on the menu!
Awesome place....Ask for Lana she'll hook you up even if you're a pick eater like myself.

Cool vibe, good food, and you can choose....skinny or fat! 

We had an egg white scramble w/a bunch of extra veggies in it....yumm! 

Enjoy :)
Oh WOW!!!  Awesome place. Tucked neatly into an industrial strip. From the window seat, you can see planes coming at you that just lifted off (yes, please stay up there where you belong) and Mandalay Bay. Place is packed with good natured folks. Coffee is excellent, (even with two shots)!  Food ... BAM!  Scrumptious.  Great little out stop to start the day.
Finally made my way over to SkinnyFats last weekend and I can't wait to make it back. Love the concept and the food was delicious. Service was just fine and the place is packed... considering its location in a business park, I was impressed they were slammed for lunch on a Saturday.
 Chix on Broadway - delicious. Too much lemon aioli for me but that's just a preference and I know for next time to ask for it on the side. 
Phatty Philly - good size and taste but not really a philly. A philly has shaved or thinly sliced meat... not chunks of meat. Not that I'm complaining about taste because the meat was good.. but when you see Philly its what you expect and what we ordered it for. 
Fries - we had garlic fries and sweet potato and both were a win.
Can't wait to go back! So much to try.
Eat HAPPY!!
I'm giving Skinny Fats 4 stars because this place is a zoo. My husband and I came here on a Sunday and I thought I was going to have to fist fight somebody to get a table. However it is a cute little place and the food is really good. So if you don't mind having a stranger sitting on your lap while you eat, then this is the place for you. Side note-they have a "secret menu"- you can view it online.
I went for breakfast with 2 friends & really enjoyed this place. The food selection on both healthy & happy sides sounded great & it was hard to choose! I opted for the protein pancakes and they were tasty! I especially enjoyed the frsh juice I had. Don't remember the name but it had beets! Anyhow, it's a little off the beaten path, but super cute inside and good service. Definitely worth it.
I came here recently on my lunch break. The place is cute but tiny. Totally packed. Waited about 45 mins for my to go order, as I was leaving I noticed they left out 1/3 of my order! I had to go back and wait another 10 mins for the missing piece. That leaves 5 mins to eat and get back to work lol. I got a healthy Cobb salad that wasn't too tasty... But I did enjoy the mini cranturkey burger.  I wasn't the only one who had a bad experience this day... Lots of ppl waiting and very unorganized for call ahead orders.

Maybe this was just a bad day... I will call ahead next time and give them another chance.
After working up an appetite down the street at Sky Zone Trampoline, we stopped by around 3pm on a Sun.  We figured we beat the rush and there would be no one there.  We were mistaken.  This place is the spot.   Every table was full and there was a steady flow the whole time we were there.   The place reminds me of Cali - fresh ingredients, modern, and great food with tons of selections between fresh made juices, smoothies, sandwiches, salads, and breakfast items.

Thanks to Yelp, we ordered the secret off the menu Chicken and Waffles.  It wasn't your standard traditional soul food with meat on the bone.  They were more like tenders but it was delicious and we ate every bite of it.  The chicken held perfectly with the slightly crisp waffle.  There are more secret menu items - just check out the online website before you go...Shhhhh

We also ordered the Bonjour Brulee, egg white french toast with bunch of berries and turkey sausage.  It was part of the healthy breakfast section but it certainly made us feel like we ordered from the Happy section.

Last I had to get an order of the Slaw Chee.  Anything with my name in it such as Cheeburger Cheeburger, I HAVE to support.   The Slaw Chee tasted just like it should - the perfect amount of texture from the cabbage with the perfect symphony of flavors.  It was a little hot....it was a little sweet.  it was addictive just like a Slaw Chee should be.

We will be back - this place is great!
Healthy vs. Happy (how about both?)

I really love looking at the Happy side of the menu lol but when my dad go the healthy side I was a bit jealous...I was just looking at the colors and I'm like really? Technically my dad got the healthy version of my version. He got the fresh morning sandwich (Egg whites, sauted spinach, turkey bacon, tomato & agave ketchup on a honeywheat roll w/fruit ) and I got the chipper morning (Scrambled eggs on Brioche w/Applewood bacon, cheddar, tomato, avocado & spicy aioli w/SF potatoes ) Though mine was good...I just couldn't help looking at his...so sad...What's funny is that my dad ordered the truffle fries and that was pretty good too probably because the day before we had parmesian truffle fries from somewhere else that wasn't that great.

My mom got the drunken monkey cakes..Buttermilk pancakes, maple glazed bananas, graham crackers, marshmallows, chocolate w/Applewood bacon Oh yeah! that was just off the charts good...lol I mean this made me sooo happy! :D

This place is a little hard to find. I mean it's so easy when you know where you're looking. The sign is a bit small and you think you're in the wrong place just because it's not on the strip nor any where you would think a restaurant would be. It's like in the middle of warehouses. The guide is too look for cartoons! or happy faces? lol
Kinda hard to find.. It doesn't seem like a restaurant would be in that location. Really cool vibes inside...cool paintings on the walls... It was cool to see they had plug ins as well as USB ports. Awesome food and staff....Only complaint is it's a super small space but I would definitely go back and recommend this place.
The food was good (had the Chick-A-Waff-A-Dopolis) but the place is smaller than I expected.  Be ready to throw some 'bows to get a table if its busy or you can just get your food to go.
The food is really great!! I had the TBLT with a small salad from the skinny menu and my friend had the Cheeseburger Benedict from the happy menu. Such a great concept! Made eating healthy easier! Place is very small and seating is limited. Staff was friendly
If Skinnyfats doesn't put a smile on your face then I'll have to call you Scrooge.  From the restaurant space to the server ware, there is a meticulous attention to detail that achieves the perfect balance of trying (but not too hard) to please you.  The restaurant space is tiny, so be prepared to wait during rush hours, but what they did to that cookie cutter commercial place, and the menu, and little things like the salt and pepper man turns my heart into a fuzzy kaleidoscope hippie.  

Flaxseed Fans or Rebels can choose items from either their "Skinny" menu or their "Happy" menu (I'm really pleased they didn't call that Fat.  We are not fat.  We are big boned and Happy, thank you very much).  These are your typical diner menu items served with a modern twist, alongside fancy, healthy fusion grub.  There's something to please everyone.  Hubby had the Eggs Benedict burger which he was happy with.  Lil man had the Buf Chix (sauce on the side) and a fruit bowl which was pretty standard.  And I had the Cobb Salad because I was nursing a hangover.  Good stuff.  Totally can relate to the sad face on the happy meter when our root beer floats were almost empty.  

Service at the counter was pretty slow (dunno if the crew is new), but they were extremely accommodating.  Re-did my son's order when I expressed that I wish the sauce was on the side.  If you're looking for breakfast with good vibes and some inspiration, go here folks!!!  So happy they finally opened on Sundays.  We'll be back!
This place is great.  I hope one day they open a 2nd location as the one on Dean Martin is always packed.  I have only had the burger and the chicken sandwich, both of which on the happy side :), but they were both awesome.  I really like that place.  It is our new lunch spot!
Skinnyfats is a small hidden away restaurant just off the side of dean martin near the strip. Their small interior is a mix of cozy with modern, an compliments their equally unique menu which is split between as the name implies: a healthier "skinny" and more unhealthier "fat" side. A lot of their items are uniquely different from the next ranging from their ahi-cucumber boat, beet apple and ginger smoothie, to their truffle fries. Prices are reasonably cheap and its always interesting to see the new additions.
Great concept... but in my opinion, still a work in progress.

You want to eat healthier? You want options? You juice at home, but you're not at home right now...... and you don't do McDonalds, and maybe you want a burger?  SkinnyFats may be your best bet in Las Vegas. The greater challenge however, may be "finding their lease space!" They're in a commercial center, on the service road (Dean Martin Dr.) just West of the 15, just North of the 215. I drove to the address, but even in front of their entrance, didn't realize I had arrived. The face of their space is flat, and can be missed if you're looking for a multi-dimensional entrance... there are graphics, but the face of their space, facing the freeway, is flat. (sorta' like the Mr. Green drink I got!?) On my way out of town from a business trip, I found myself craving a green juice. So I walk in and saddle up to the counter. The interior is very "rustic-contemporary." I liked it.

I didn't order any food, although their menu did look interesting. I ended up ordering the Mr. Green, cold pressed juice. It's a $9.50, 20 ounce serving. But be aware... they have two cups sitting above the counter, and I was asked if I wanted the "large" or "small." What I didn't know is that the large isn't the $9.50 serving. That's actually the smaller cup. The larger cup will be about $2.50 more... although the menu board doesn't have that info., (a glitch that bothered me), and my counter person didn't explain. I got the smaller cup for $9.50. 

BTW...... there's another "healthy eating cafe" in Henderson, called Protein House. I went there the night before, and had a respectable turkey burger (protein style wrapped in lettuce), and a steamed veggie bowl, (my pick of veggies.) The concept is great, but in both spaces I felt that the "order at the counter" process could be improved. In the specialty food retailing business, well trained, highly competent and personable staff separate the true high-volume winners over the "wanna-be's." And from friends who own specialty retailing businesses, they've shared that their "face out front", makes all the difference in their sales volume and overall success. It's the counter person that, if well trained, can coach a client from "just a beverage", to "Entree or App PLUS a beverage." Just sayin' is all......
I was so excited to finally find somewhere on this side of town I could run to for lunch. The menu is basically split in half - a skinny side and a fat side. I've tried several things from both and have not been disappointed yet! If you try to get in here M-F between noon and 2ish, be prepared to wait. It's a very small little place with extremely limited seating. Definitely worth trying out tho!
Delicious Sweet potato fries!!! Crispy and sweet almost tasted like maple!  
It was very busy on a Sunday afternoon.  Had adorable ambience.
What else do you say about this place except, go back as often as you can! Love everything about it. 

Food A+
Service A+
Decor A+
Ambiance A+

Also love the little touches..  Even their complimentary water is flavored with fruit or cucumber .

The only thing that I would change is the menue itself is a little confusing to read for the first timer. I think they should test different layouts and see if it affects sales. If you don't know better at first you think there's just breakfast, then you're like oh there's more.. and the salads get lost on the back. - just my two cents.

Love it, will return, thanks for making such a yummy place!
First time trying skinny fats! Lines out the door so I knew it was going to be great. They have a great variety of foods and drinks to order from. You have the choice to be "healthy" or "happy" of course I couldn't decide so I got one of each side haha. The only down side to my delicious meal was the wait time to receive our meal. While I was waiting I ordered fresh cold pressed juices. Being on a juice craze right now I was very pleased to see that they offer it. Id highly recommend this place!
I'm jealous that Las Vegas has a Skinny Fats and San Diego doesn't. This is an ideal place for me - great healthy food options and fresh juices/smoothies. It's a one stop shop. My husband loved his Neato burrito. He hardly ever raves about food, but he kept saying how good it was. It was full of steak, eggs, and potatoes. It was huge too. My ahi srirachi was bigger than I expected. It was delicious, although messy. The mango relish really paired well with the ahi. The grilled chix was just ok for me. The chicken was a little tougher than I would have liked and the sauce was a tad sweet. But the battered chix (I can't remember the exact name) was better, with a nice crust. 

All the workers there were really nice. You can expect a wait (we went on what I thought was a super busy day, but they said that was actually a slower day). But as we waited, they made sure we were comfortable and sparked up conversation. 

Try the juice where you pick up to 4 ingredients. My pick was: strawberry, basil, lemon, and apple. Oh Em G. I could drink this every day!
This place is great for everyone. Take time to read the whole menu. Also, if you don't want to leave your bed, give them a call for a quick delivery.
Im fat and yea...... 5 stars!
I am so happy I have found another great place for good food in Las Vegas! Whoever said that there aren't good places to eat in Vegas are highly mistaken! 

The location is a little off, but I like that it is not in the mainstream areas of town and hidden in a little niche in the business park. I would never have expected to eat such good food there, but once you walk in they have done a really good job at creating an awesome atmosphere. You kind of forget that you are in an office park. 

The staff were wonderful! Lana who helped us with some recommendations was fun, friendly, and really helpful! It was kind of neat to talk to someone who was so happy about her job! You don't see that too often now a days! In my opinion, she deserves a raise! ;) 

Lastly, the food was superb! We went for my fathers birthday! Some call us picky eaters; We are not picky at all. We actually love all types of food, but we just really love good food! This place definitely knows how to make it happen! We had a few different plates and they were all magnificent.

I will definitely be going there again! Really spectacular!
I love the menu, love the juices, and my husband loved his food.  I haven't yet gotten something I really liked.  That is probably because I got both of the burritos and they just lacked some flavor.  Super cute inside.  Will go back and get something new next time.  Just not a whole lot of options in the breakfast healthy side for gluten free.
One very hungover morning in Vegas, I looked up juice bar on yelp, found skinnyfats and headed there immediately. It's a very cozy little place, they should really consider expanding....and adding another location in Minneapolis. Only had to wait a few minutes for my hangover remedy, which was delicious and successful. Liquid defense was also great
I haven't been inside of SkinnyFats, but I had it delivered, and was pleasantly surprised! I initially thought the menu would only include uber-healthy, vegan type stuff, so imagine my surprise when I saw that not only did it have healthy offerings, but things to satisfy all of our inner fat boys and girls!

I ordered the fried chicken sandwich with bacon and cheese (I forget the official name of it) along with sweet potato fries. That sandwich was like heaven! The chicken was fresh, juicy, tender and flavorful. Not overly breaded, hot and  just delicious. The bun was amazing- soft and filling. And the fries were perfect as well. I sampled a spicy chicken and rice dish (it had pineapples and peppers) and that was great too! Really flavorful and again, very fresh tasting.

I will definitely be getting more from SkinnyFats! I'm a convert!
Food is good, service is good but holy mother of waiting. Have fun finding a table. The food takes FOREVER to come out. My gf and I came here and I ordered the Juan burrito and an ahi siracha and she ordered a skinny bowl. We waited 30 plus mins for my food (understandable because they have to cook it)  and I finished eating it and waited an additional 15 mins before she even got hers. Good concept. Can't wait for them to iron the new business growing pains and I'll be a frequent customer :)
Love the food and love the concept but hate the fact that you can't eat there at peak hours without it being a huge ordeal.  I highly recommend the food but this is not someplace you want to go if you don't have time to wait for a table.  The place probably seats 25 comfortably with a MAX of 10 tables. When you walk in as a first timer, it's overwhelming because there are people standing everywhere, you don't know who's in line, and it takes forever.  Service is great once you get to the counter and they turn over tickets pretty quickly.  I would go there ALL OF THE TIME because the food is fantastic IF I knew I could sit down to eat my food without having to bargain or finagle for a table.  And god forbid, you get one out from under someone unknowingly.  Otherwise, I'm a fan.
The more I come here, the less I am impressed. I am usually a creature of habit when it comes to certain things, take an item on a menu that I fall in love with. When I try to venture out and get something different, I usually kick myself for doing so. Case in point, my experience here. I started following them on Instagram awhile back, and the food pornography they put on is off the charts! I had to try the Slow Boat to China, Asian chicken salad, slaw chee in a cucumber boat w/almonds, teriyaki & spicy yo-aoili. This quickly became my favorite menu item. To really confuse my taste buds, I shared the Drunken Monkey Pancakes, buttermilk pancakes, maple glazed bananas, graham crackers, marshmallows, chocolate w/applewood bacon. I can't believe I'm about to say this, but this was too much, even for me. One bite was enough.  Ok, go ahead and throw in an order of your famous truffle fries. Now that's what I'm talking about. Those were really good, as well as the sweet potato fries. 

The next couple times, I'd tried to stick to the "healthy" side of the menu, I tried the Cranburkey SF turkey burger, arugula, tomato, red onion & cranberry basil yogurt on a honey wheat bun w/side. It was really plain and boring, even with the cranberry basil and onion, I ended up putting the slaw chee on it to give it some flavor. 

Last time I was there I ordered the special of the day which was Chicken & Waffle Chowder. Exactly as it sounds, it was really gross. 

But what has really left a sour taste in my mouth was my experience with the delivery service. I decided to order online for delivery, I order my food, check out, and it gives me a total. Well about 20 minutes later I hear my email alert go off on my phone, so I check my email, and it is a confirmation of my order, but with a $10 fee added for delivery. No where on the online ordering does this state this fee, and it was not what I agreed to when I "checked out" online. I called immediately to cancel my order (I live 7 miles from SkinnyFats, I wasn't about to pay that) but I'm told it's too late to cancel, so I tell him that I will pick my order up. So I write a "tip" on the page alerting others of the delivery fee that is not stated, and I get an email from Charity pretty much pressuring me to remove the tip, which I relunctantly did, and I wish I hadn't.
The food is delicious and healthy. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I have an egg allergy and was able to get good information without feeling like I was bothering them.
I've been meaning to try this place for the longest time and finally decided to go with my friends. I have to say that the exterior and interior of this place is truly unique. There is art painted all over the walls and there's mirrors surrounded by a tin like design when you look up. The only thing I have to say that sucks is that the restaurant only seats around 30 people with not a lot of space between tables. 

Skinnyfats has a healthy side and a "happy" side on their menu. They also have a wide variety of beverages. Everything is pretty pricey for the amount you get when it comes to snacks. 

I found out that this place had a secret menu. I looked it up and decided to get the Steak and eggs. For a total of $14 this meal comes with slices of steak, potatoes, eggs, and toast. I am so glad I got this dish because the portion was huge and everything was delicious. The steak was so juicy and tender and there was plenty of it. The potatoes were also a hit. The only thing bad about this meal was the desert-dry toast. 

My friends all got something different and they paid too much to receive so little and or a mediocre plate. The Acai bowl didn't have much Acai but a ton of granola. My friend got a sandwich and rice and it was all sorts of bad. The truffle fries on the contrary were cheap and tasted great. You get a big bowl of them!

If I could, I'd give this place 3 1/2 stars.
Ate here today... sooo many options. The menu has a Healthy and a Happy section. We both ate off the Happy section. Food was amazing. Portions were large. Wonderful staff. I will come back for sure!
Went here a few days ago for my small birthday get together and i must admit... I freaking LOVE this place! It's located in an industrial type area and if you're not really paying attention you could easily pass right by it. 

The joint is very eclectic! I love the drawings on the walls and the little salt man at the table. I was shocked at how small the place was. The biggest table only held 4 people and probably had 8-10 tables in total. There is a little bar table that you can sit at as well. 

The food was sooo delicious! I ordered the "Nice to Greek You" pizza. It has a real strong olive taste...and I'm not a fan of olives...but it was still yummy non the less. Others in my group ordered TBLT and the Cheeseburger Benedict. I will def be returning to this spot! 

P.S. I think I feel in love with the salt and pepper shaker!!!
Even the cold wet weather today can't keep the customers away! Fresh squeezed strawberry lemonade and the "Slow boat to China" from the healthy side are my favorites!
Such a colorful & fun place!

Their concept of a "healthy" and a "happy" side is awesome! Attracts the health freaks and the people on their "cheat days" LOL!

I've tried a few things on the menu and I have not been disappointed! 

Everything is fresh and plentiful!

Last visit, I had a Cranburkey with side of Sweet Potato Fries! 

Their sweet potato fries are sooo good! And the turkey burger with their cranberry sauce is moist and delicious! 

Definitely coming back!
Great concept, great menu and great staff.

A little cramped, but that's because it's so popular.

Half of the menu is "healthy" items and the other side is "happy items".  I ordered off the healthy side and it was great.

Pleeeeease open one in OC!
I came here for the first time today with recommendation from another yelp user. It wasn't the easiest place to find since their sign is flat and does not stand out. Walking in, there was quite a line (which I'm told is normal), the menus were on the wall near the door for convenience while waiting, and there was cold water to help yourself to. The menu is clever and has unique items, but is a little hard to follow fluently. The prices for entres varied from about $7-$13 roughly. They also had side items and other goodies for less. 

To say the building is small is an understatement. It was cramped and crowded waiting in line, and in the "larger" part of the restaurant. You pay for your food and find a table where they bring the order, or you can order to go. We opted to eat there since we had somewhere to be afterward. I saw a table open up (it's first come first serve for seating since it's tiny) so I didn't get to see how the service was at the register. 

I ordered a cheeseburger benedict with no onions and a strawberry lemonade. I was feeling adventurous and fat, so I had to do it. My husband got the more cow bowl with no onions and a strawberry lemonade as well. When we took a drink of the lemonade it was awful. It was almost lukewarm and was watered down. When the server came to drop the food off at the table, we let him know. He sincerely apologized and exchanged both for rootbeer.

The food came and I was impressed with the presentation of it for sure. The burger was big and had cheese, lettuce, tomato, mayo, avocado, and of course the egg with their sauce on it. The burger was cooked just above medium - well (which I love) and the ingredients were fresh. To my horror the burger still had pieces of red onion throughout. I wasn't sure if it was in the meat itself or just random pieces overlooked. The fries were amazing. My husband's food also had onions (we think onions came from Satan), so I was disappointed to see that. However his bowl was delicious as well (of course I had a bite! It had fried rice AND steak!). 

Regardless of the hiccups, I feel the ambience of the restaurant is pretty cool. Due to its compact size, I was happy to get out of there after eating. We were practically tackled for our table when we got up to go. The food, the menu, and service were all fab so I would recommend this place, and hope to be back soon. Maybe next time I'll order online and pickup though. Hopefully they open another location in Henderson and it will be bigger :)
Went for lunch for the first time today and it was excellent!  When we walked in we were greeted by friendly staff who explained the menu to us and even told us about the secret menu as well!  Food was great, no complaints there! You will definitely see me again soon!
I had a really good experience at SkinnyFATS today. 

I came with a big group so I apologize to everyone who didn't get to sit because of us.

It's like a not entirely too healthy health cafe.  You basically order at the counter and they give you a number to know where they bring your food.

They have a Healthy side AKA the Skinny and then a Happy side AKA Fats.

Everything is reasonably priced. Considering this is sort of close to the strip, it's geared towards health, and it has unique/quality dishes the prices are awesome. 

They have a bunch of salads that are under $7 (without meat) and are big for the price.

Usually places like this try to sell you overpriced salads.

Also it's good for kids! We brought three kids who liked it. They have a kids menu which I believe is $5 a meal. The sweet potato fries and chicken strips is a generous size that most adults would be overly satisfied with.

I had a Cobb salad from the Happy side and an Asian Cucumber boat off of the healthy side with a smart water. The salad was fresh! The cucumber boat had chicken salad in it topped with teriyaki and spicy mayo sauce. Each food item was about $7 and they were both delicious. Getting two things kind of defeated the purpose of eating healthy but i had to since it was my first visit. 

The food is good, the staff is nice, it's clean, it's priced well, and it helps put a spin on healthy food while still appealing to foodies without diet restrictions. 

I can't wait to go back and try their other offerings.
Where to start. The flavors, the choices, the staff. All five star. Who ever comes up with the ideas to pair the flavors and textures is amazing. We have tried both the happy and healthy side and have yet to have something I was not happy with. The place is super clean. The staff is always friendly and very helpful in explaining the menu. Don't forget to check out the specials and the secret menu. As far as food you can't go wrong so try anything or like us EVERYTHING. My personal fav would have to be smokies flat pizza a party in my mouth. Only thing I would red flag anyone about is Sunday morning is CRAZY don't let that scare you away. Everything moves quick and like a well oiled machine. My new obsession is Skinny Fats.
Not exaggerating when I say I just had one of the best meals of my life. You ever eat something and the entire time you're thinking "OhMyGodOhMyGodOhMyGod?" That's what happened to me tonight. I had the TBLT with avocado and truffle fries. First, the sandwich. A subtle aioli spread beautifully complemented the fresh, multi-grain bread. The turkey bacon was cooked to perfection. The whole thing melted into my mouth, a cacophony of fresh, aromatic flavors. The french fries, good Lord, the fries. Best.Fries.Ever. Their scent alone made me swoon. Over and over, I'd hold the fry below my nose a few seconds, just to inhale it. Its scent was strong, nutty yet earthy. The consistency, light, a bit chewy with just enough crunch. I ate this meal like I've not known food before. Maybe I haven't. And I'm speaking as someone who at one time was well off enough to dine often in 5 star joints (things change, recession, blah blah). 
Reading up about how one of the founders was a personal chef to Paul McCartney (I'm a musician and a huge fan) inspired me to drive the whole 6 minutes away from my office to try this place. I'll be back and often, with friends, family, co-workers, mailmen, gardeners, cashiers, CPAs, whatever, in tow.
I love you, SkinnyFats.
So, I just ordered and I'm waiting for my food. But the second I walked in, it seemed really cool. The place is custom decorated and it has its' own look unique look. Haven't seen too many place that really look like this. The spacing is fairly small but to me it gives it that feeling that you walked into something secret and now you're amongst the special few who know about it.

The food came out and looked fantastic. I got the Benedict burger and being my first meal of the day, I had to get something with and egg. It was a pretty good size too that I couldn't even finish all of it.

So if you're definitely looking for something new but want to feel exclusive, try finding this place. It's something of a little secret. ;]
So...I gave it another try. I still give it the same rating. 

I ate here a few months back and was not impressed with the food. I ordered one thing from the healthy side and one thing from the happy side. Both items were drenched in thick sauces that overpowered the taste of everything. I was disappointed and said I wouldn't be back. 

Fast forward a few months....
I decided to give this place a shot after seeing a bunch of new photos from various people's Yelp pages. I invited a few friends here for lunch. And since they've never been, I thought it would be fun to try it out. 

Once again, I ordered the Ahi Taco-San. Battered ahi in a crunchy shell. Once again, the sauce was really heavy. I needed 5 napkins for one taco. I also ordered the chicken and waffles since another friend of mine said it was good. The waffle was nice and fluffy and didn't get soggy with the syrup. The chicken had a good crunch outside and was juicy on the inside. However, the breading was a bit salty. I had my friend taste it and she agreed it was a bit salty. 

My friends ordered the BLT and the Phatty Philly. They also agreed that everything was so heavy and drenched in sauce. Neither of them finished their food because it was too much. My friend ordered a cookie without it being heated up. This was a big mistake because it was rock hard. One awesome employee, Rica, replaced the hard cookie with a warm one, which was so much better and softer. 

I am sad to say that after giving it a second chance, this isn't one of my top places to eat.
Been here multiple times and I have yet to be disappointed. Although I don't expect to in this place. It is a bit too small and you can easily miss it driving on dean Martin. The only thing I would recommend this place doing is to put something in front of their business to let people know it's here. It's so isolated.
The one and only downside. It's always packed and small. Reason being... The food is amazing. Ahi tacos and tempura battered anything is amazing. The food is great and for the most part it's a much healthier version of the deep fried fatty McFat boy stuff you get elsewhere. It's not all healthy but it's a nice cheat meal.
Wow, fabulous, amazing, awesome!!!!  We had a girls dinner tonight, and everything was wonderful! The staff is super friendly, full of suggestions, and very attentive.  They were busy and still smiling, and taking their time with each guest, in a good way! The ahi tacos, are amazing, they are filling, but make you want more!! My daughter who is a picky penny, had the Charlie Brown? It is a Shake with Nutella, banana and strawberries! It was delicious! 
If you live in Vegas or are just visiting, skinny fats is a MUST stop! You will not be disappointed! I promise!!
First impression of SkinnyFats was most of the food we ordered was hit or miss. I came with some friends for lunch last weekend around 11. The place wasn't packed yet but it was getting there. We found a corner table and ordered at the counter once our entire party had arrived. 

I opted for the cranburkey with a side of slaw chee. We got truffle fries as well. My friends ordered various other items and we waited for our food. It came out pretty quickly. We ordered items from both the healthy and happy sides of the menu for good measure. The fries were tasty and very truffle-y. The cranburkey was a bit on the bland side. I have to admit, I'm not typically a big fan of turkey burgers so that May have been my own fault for ordering this. My friend was a little unimpressed with her salad, saying it was a little bland and wishing there was more flavor and diversity in texture. She enjoyed her turkey slider, though. My other friend got the drunken gypsy French toast and seemed to enjoy it quite a bit. I had been  tempted by the healthy breakfast items, so I'll likely go that way if I ever come back again.

Prices weren't horrible but it got pricy when we had add one and for drinks, which we ended up skipping. The restaurant is tiny and 30 minutes into our meal there were quite a few people hovering around waiting for tables so we didn't stay long to chat knowing people were waiting. This made it a less than ideal place to go if you're hoping to have a leisurely brunch with friends to catch up. 

SkinnyFats is bordering between a 3 and 4 star for me, but I think I'll need to give them another try to see if there are any other menu items I might enjoy more.
We first went to eat here when they first opened and now we try to come at least once a month. When we have visitors in town we take them here to have a great meal. You can't go wrong with whatever you order. Everything taste so good! Our favorite is the cheeseburger benedict. 

Decor and vibe when you walk in just seems cozy and laid-back. 

I recommend this place to many friends and they all love and rave about the food.  I can't wait until they open the new locations closer to home.
Still a total five stars! You really can't go wrong with anything from this place. 

On this visit I brought my Mom who I knew would totally love it here. We went on a Friday around 11am. It was already busy, but we lucked out and got a table in the back. 

I ordered 2 Ahi Tacos from the Healthy Side of the menu and the Slob Cobb from Happy Side. The tacos are huge. I could barley finish one! The mango and sriracha are a perfect blend of flavors! My mom ordered the Bombdiggity. It had a ton of Applewood Smoked Bacon and a tangy aoil that works so well with the toasted Sourdough Bread. Of course I could not forget my husband on this visit and ordered him a Chixs on Broadway with Truffle Fries to go. He was very excited to get Skinnyfats all the way at his office in Green Valley. 

Oh, and don't forget to keep your Skinnyfats cup! You can reuse it and if u bring it back you get 50cents off your drink purchase. Can't go wrong with that!! Rock on Skinnyfats!
I discovered SkinnyFats when searching for Juice Bars on Yelp. Turns out Vegas has plenty of smoothie places, but not many cold-pressed juice options, especially close to the Strip. I went twice on my Vegas trip. I had both the Mr. Green w/ a Vita shot and Hangover Remedy. Both juices were refreshing and very pleasing. The restaurant was packed with people both times I went. After you order at the counter, they give you a number to take to a table. I look forward to going back and ordering some food off of the impressive Healthy Side of the menu board.
I have nothing but amazing things to say about SkinnyFats! If you are someone who is vegan, gluten free, or just wanting to find something healthy while either visiting the Vegas area or if you live here; this is the place. 

I came here on my drive home from Vegas with some friends. It was surprisingly really crowded for how small the place is. It was lunch time, and it seems like a lot of the business men working in the area come here for food. It seems like more of a locals spot to me because it is off the strip. It would be a little hard to get to if you were looking for something quick near where you are staying if you are staying on the strip. Since we were on our way home, we didn't mind leaving the area because we knew we wouldn't be coming back so this would be on our way out anyways.

I got the 'speed boat' which was amazing. It was diet coke which I think was the healthier kind, like Hansen or one of those natural sodas. It also gave you the option of what kind of ice cream you wanted; regular, rice dream, coconut ice cream, soy, I think almond, and some other kind. I have never seen so many different options for ice cream unless I've been at a wide ranged health food store. The drink came with a plastic cup I saved as memorabilia and it also was super cute. I also got a salad that was really good and I am picky when it comes to salads. ;) 

We had to wait a little bit until someone gave up their table so that all four of us could sit together, but it seems like people get in and out of here fairly quick. Other people take their items to go I noticed, or they call in and pick up their orders. It is definitely a place that I wish there was more of! I know that when I am back in Vegas this will be my go to spot. Also, friends tried the gluten free pizza; make your own, and loved it.
I always wanted to try this place and I'm so glad I enjoyed it. It was a bit overwhelming when me & my boyfriend entered the place because it was so crowded, so I didn't really know what to get. 

My boyfriend got the burger Benedict and I got the Ahi Taco San. They were both so flavorful and delicious! I didn't know the tacos were going to be big and they're packed with every ingredient it says it comes with. 

I also enjoyed the decor and how colorful the place is, with paintings of fruits all around. Even the restrooms are bright!

I plan on coming here again and trying everything on the menu!
Oh man... so good.

I ended up eating my food and some of my lady's because it was so tasty. The best part of the meal was that neither of us got that "yuck" feeling after we were done and heading home. I do have to say my only disappointment was the truffle fries.. but the rest of it was so good, I wouldn't even think to take a star off.

It's a little hard to find, we passed it twice.. but it is worth the hunt.
Skinny Fats is my dichotomy of wanting good, healthy food but not wanting to miss out on the bad stuff that's soo good. I definitely came late to this party, but better late than never.
The only reason I've ever come down this part of Dean Martin is to look for tile & flooring or show Panorama Towers. Now it's to come to Skinny Fats for their Chicken & Waffles...listed only on their "Secret Menu" that you can access online.
The food is good enough that you won't mind getting into near fights or at least shooting dirty looks at patrons who tend to push chairs back into you due to the seating area being so cramped.
You've already read how the menu works from other reviews. Basically good side and evil side...aka healthy and happy sides.
Ordered tonight was the more cow bowl (happy side) which looked good and had nice pieces of tender beef. The slob cob was good but the ranch dressing is the best part.
Truffle fries were ok. Cool mame (ranch edamame) was different and nice.
Best part was the Chicken & Waffle. Wow! All white meat perfectly breaded and seasoned atop a waffle doused in syrup. Even my wife who does not normally like fried chicken (I know, what's wrong with her right?), couldn't keep her fork off my chicken & waffles. She needs to get her own next time!
I Instagramed the pic and now everyone wants it.
It's near midnight and I'm going to bed now with images of this dish. Good night and see you soon SF!
Searching for this place was like a scene from Zero Dark Thirty, let the hint commence.  I pass by this place on the daily from the I-15, Terry, never managed to realize this place.  The sign wording is cool old school American farm style design, but too cluttered to make out from afar.

Once we finally arrived, I wasn't kidding when I added the tip about the clown car seating.  It is FCFS seating, so you can imagine, it can get pretty cut-throat, especially if you are really hungry.  I hoarded a cluster of tables and chairs from different ends of the dining area like a stingy toddler on the Amazing Race...mine mine MINE!!! (Hissing noise)

Truth be told, I was happy to learn that my supposed healthy/unhealthy meal was more on the unhealthy side, am I wrong for that?  We ordered the truffle fries, pollo fries, chef's special streak Benedict (2x) and drunken gypsy toast.

The wait was a bit lengthy and hadn't it been for the great Kentucky and Wichita State game during the madness, I may have had a more to say.  The inside is very well kept but the thermostat needed to simmer down a notch.  Don't very new wrong, I like it breezy, but I like my food sizzling even more...cold food robs meals of their flavor profiles.  

Overall, the meal was good, the steak wasn't over cooked and the cornbread on the Benny was a good compliment.  The limited edition Heinz ketchup in jalapeno and vinegar flavor was a nice added touch as well.  Not bad and reasonably priced.  Just not sue if I would come unless it's xmas eve to avoid the crowd...3. 75 stars.
I'm obsessed with the Liquid Defense. I mean seriously it is so good! The service has always been pretty good every time I've come in. Once the girl literally went through several items on the menu with me because I didn't feel well and nothing sounded good.

I've only tried a few things, but the portions seem to be pretty hearty.  I really liked the Greek pizza (it was filled with toppings) and the BBQ chicken pizza.  

I'll update as I try more items.  This place is always packed when I come in, mostly because they don't have a lot of room.  I am prone to getting my stuff to go. Plan to wait a bit if you come at peak eating times.
I finally made it to Skinny Fats after wanting to try it for quite a while. During my first trip I just ran over during my break and grabbed the Acai Bowl. I love my Acai Bowls and this one was pretty good, possibly the best I have had in Vegas although Daily Kitchens is also amazing not sure which one I like more. 

During my second trip I picked up dinner for me and my girlfriend on the way over to her house. She got the boneless chicken wings they were a little spicy for her taste but I didn't mind it. The order says it comes with 3 or 5 I can't remember but they ended up giving a couple extra which made for nice leftovers the next day. I got the cheesesteak, I replaced the blue cheese with American I think. I'm a big cheesesteak fan, this one was a little untraditional but it was good. The steak inside was very tasty! I ordered truffle fries as my side dish and those were super good. 

The only downside to Skinny Fats is that it's a really small place and every time I have been there it has been packed which results in a wait. Tried to go one morning for breakfast (I really want to try the breakfast, I've seen the dishes people are eating when I've been there and it looks amazing!) but turned around cause the line was too ridiculous. If you are planning a trip to Skinny Fats be prepared to wait.. But if you haven't been yet stick through the wait at least once and you'll probably be back for more.
Can't say enough good things about the food here.  Use the App to order your food before you arrive and do not expect at seat at peak lunch or dinner time.  Try the Shroomin in Philly with shrimp and sweet potato fries.

Only request is please expand and put one in the northwest side of town.
Wow can I say impressive food?! My overall is however a 3.5 along with my dining experience. 

Ok we were totally lost when we walked in because all that we saw was a line.  Naturally as fine citizens of America, we just stood in line with everyone else. Lol.  Yes, not knowing what it was for.  An employee saw how confused we looked and gave us a little explanation that it was the order line.

So first, it's open seating.  So if you are trying to come with a big group, you are better off dining outside.  May I dare say that it is almost a fire hazard in there?  You can barely squeeze through to use the restroom, or maneuver your way to exit too.
When tables or chairs come free, it becomes snatched up with a quickness.

I say study the menu and know what's on special.  They call it skinny fats because you can choose your evil...healthy vs some extra flavor!  The menu was a bit different because it's bunched differently then what you are normally used to.  The division of sandwiches, salads, etc. yah it's not like that.  well as I finally came around to see the board menu above, it was easier to read.  However, I was instantly distracted when I saw the eggs Benny special they had.  It was poached eggs on steak sitting on cornbread.  I think the cornbread just seriously set it off.  The flavors were sooo good.   We ordered truffle fries as a side and that just complimented it.  Ok I lied, not complimented it, we just like variety.  

Well my plan of attack next time is to take my own advice and you guessed it, plan it out. 

Happy eating y'all!
So the first time I went here the food was beyond amazing. I got the Phatty Philly with truffle fries and my mom ordered the Ahi tacos so we split. Both were fantastic! Saturday we decided to go back for the second time. The experience was extremely disappointing. My husband and I ordered the Phatty Philly and Ahi Tacos to split. The guy informed us that the deeper Fryer was broken so no truffle fries and no Ahi Taco. However he did suggest the sirachi tacos so we agreed to give it a shot because he said he liked it. We agreed to a side salad instead of the fries (obviously disappointed).  When our order came the Phatty philly was good but it had no blue cheese or mushrooms inside which are two main ingredients. The side salad had chopped cucumbers in it which my husband was very specific in ordering no cucumbers  in the salad. They remade us a salad no problem and the house dressing was very tasty but the tomatoes were soggy. Now when I bit into the Sirachi taco I was expecting the same goodness as the Ahi Tacos but was caught off guard with how disgusting it was. I literally wanted to spit it right out my mouth. It was as if they hadn't seared the fish at all. It was a cold fish taco. Yuk!! Even though we had a bad experience I will give this place one more shot because the first time the food was so good. Maybe then I can give it a better review.
I love this place! Very good choice of menu and their shakes are sooooo good! The delightful cucumber is my fav. The atmosphere is very calming and hip. Place is hippsterish. Seating is very limited but worth the wait. They have vegan options and they are very tasty. This place is a must go!
I totally love the concept of this place and want to like it more but can't do it. I feel like it's a little overrated tbh. I've been here twice and both times, it's always super packed with no place to sit. Their set up is weird. You can't tell who is in line to order, standing around waiting for a table, or just looking at the menu. The entire area that wraps around their bar is also very cramped. Not very much space to move around! 

After I placed my order, my friend and I had our eagle eyes on, searching for an empty table. We literally stood there and waited for someone to get up and immediately ran to claim the seats. Felt like vultures but everyone else was doing the same thing. I wonder if it's a fire hazard having so many people in there at once! Anyways... Our table was still a mess. The previous party's trash was piled up on the table but no one came around to clean it. We didn't mind because we didn't wanna lose our table. Once the food came out, the server just picked up the old plates and replaced it with our meals. She didn't even wipe down the table!! There was sauce spilled on parts of the surface. Eek. 

Aside from the annoyingly busy atmosphere, the food is not so bad. They have a healthy and happy side to chose from. I had the smoked bowl and thought it could have been a lot better. The brown rice was dry and flavorless. Chicken had way too much sauce on it. It was just a weird mix. My friend had the chicken and waffles. I had a couple bites and thought it was amazing. Truffle fries were bomb too! And the last time I came, I had the portobello sandwich. From what I remember, it was good but a bit too greasy.

On a side note... Don't park near the back! Good luck trying to find a decent parking spot near the entrance when it's busy. But trust me! Do not park further back because that's where giant cargo trucks unload their stuff. I literally was stuck in my parking stall for over 10 minutes because I had no space to back out. The damn truck was blocking me in. I'm glad it wasn't hot outside today because I would have been super irritated lol
Great experience! The food was awesome, the employees were even more awesome. Chill & very welcoming atmosphere. Wish I could remember the employees names but they were all really nice!
What a great find!  Thanks goes to the valet at our hotel.
I went here today after all the rave reviews and comments from my friends. First impressions: to start out, it's located in a business center. There is only a very little sign on the side walk with their name. With the interesting choice of location, comes with a very small, cramped and confusing restaurant. When we walked in to the door I was so confused. Along the window is a bar to sit and wait and I wasn't sure where to start. There was not a single seat in the house. We didn't even stay to look at the menu. Next time I will order ahead and take my food to go. If I ever do go back. It wasn't a very welcoming or comfortable environment at all. I'm very disappointed.
SkinnyFats is located in an industrial office area, seems really out of place. The inside has a really fun atmosphere and decor, with a mix of hand painted walls, pallets and bare metal to mix things up. Very much a place for UNLV students to work/hang out.

It's tiny, though. You'll have a hard time finding a seat during dinner time, esp. on the weekends. It's open seating, fyi. The menu is split into two sides, the "skinny" side that has healthier options and the "fat" side that is more comfort food. All the items have some kind of unique, gormet flare. Like the choice between sweet potato or truffle fries (fries made with truffle oil and spices). You can definitely tell everything is hand made and fresh, and all items served look as pretty as a picture in a magazine. Seriously, it all looks good. They even have a giant water cooler with fresh fruit cut inside so you can have delicious infused water if you don't feel like buying a drink.

The things I'm not fond of: the lack of seating, the lack of diversity in the menu, and the prices. The menu has items like a burger with eggs benedict on top, but that's the only burger. It's not an enormous menu, and a lot of the items included on it are sweet breakfast foods like pancakes. I love the truffle fries but with the menu as it is, I don't feel the need to go there more than once a month. 

Also, it's very expensive. I'm kinda' surprised by the prices. But still, it's got some great twists on food and an fun atmosphere, so I'm still a fan.
Interesting concept and excellent food.  Only complaint is I felt a bit rushed trying to figure out how the menu worked. Place was packed at 1:30 and looks like they need to expand.  Had the burger Benedict with slaw which was very filling.  I'll be back
Needed a new lunch spot close to work and SkinnyFats came to mind. My wife and I went on a Friday around 12:30 and the place was packed. I overlooked the menu while waiting to order and proceeded to place my order to go. I wanted to eat there but it's just too small and too many people were waiting.

-Tu Nuts , this was an awesome starter . Crisp and refreshing on HOT sping day. Spicy tuna on a siricha slaw served on a cucumber boat with teriyaki, peanuts and a spicy aioli. 
-Ahi taco San, tempura Ahi with siricha slaw, mango pico with spicy aioli on a puffed shell. Very messy but definitely flavorful. The puff shell broke after the first bite and there was a lot of the components to make it messy, that's wait fingers are for, cleanup! 

The other items coming out while I waited looked so good. I can't wait to come back and try some more. The staff was friendly while rushing around taking orders, serving and clearing tables.
I am giving 3 stars for one single reason:

Lack of fresh ingredients

This simple change could take this small establishment and make it live up to the hype that has surrounded it. 
Here are some examples from the food I ate:

Chicken - looked like precooked and sliced packaged chicken slices
Fruit - definitely mass packaged precut fruit
French fries/ sweet potato fries - frozen

The restaurant is a bit misleading with the decor and catering to a health conscious crowd. It has a lot of potential by simply changing this small aspect. Short cuts are not flattering at boutique establishments.
Had this for the first time last night while I was in town for work.  Such a great concept-- "skinny" items for those being more health conscious and "fat" for those that aren't too concerned and want a great meal.

Great place to enjoy with friends since it's customizable to everyone.  I had the Turkey BLT - OMG out of this world. It was a "skinny" that tasted like a "fat" item ...it was that good. Not going to lie I was a little concerned that a skinny item could taste so good.

Check it out on your next visit here.
SkinnyFats offers exactly what their name suggests, food options that are either healthy or happy (comfort food). When I 1st pulled into the parking lot I noticed that their location is a little odd and hard to find since it's located inside a business complex with no signage except for the sign above their front door. It was a Sunday just after noon and it was packed inside with no available tables and we had a group of 7 Yelpers. We looked over the menu and placed all of our orders when a couple tables freed up so we snagged them up.

Be aware that the food here comes in large portions! The wedge salad that Nelson Q got looked like it was made with an entire stalk of Romaine lettuce, it was huge! And the chicken sandwich that Amelinda L was eating had a piece of chicken that was larger than the buns/everything else on the sandwich! I got the chicken and waffles which is on their secret menu that you have to ask for... I'm not sure if there's an acutal menu or if you just have to know what's on it. I only knew about the chicken and waffles because I saw a bunch of people eating it. The chicken was nice, tender and their breading was light and not too crunchy/hard. I liked that there was more chicken than waffle, unlike other places that skimp on the chicken part so I was pretty happy. I didn't try any of their shakes or juices, but the strawberry lemonade was awesome! Light, refreshing and not too sweet. I also loved the reusable cups complete w/ happy meter!

I would definitely come back to try some of their other dishes, especially the healthy ones. If you come here during one of the meal rushes be prepared to order take out or wait for a table since they don't have very many and it's not a big place to begin with. Maybe they will expand someday to relieve some of the traffic here, and hopefully that new location is closer to me!
Oh my!  I first found out about SkinnyFats from doing an event with them (Yelp Helps).  I loved what they were serving there, so I couldn't wait to try it out!

The location is kind of strange, but the food is amazing!  Small dining space.  I didn't know you could grab a table before ordering so we didn't, and by the time we ordered they were all full.  We had to sit at the high bar against the window, which was difficult with a 22 month old kid.

Of course, I ordered from the "eat happy" (aka FAT) side.  I think it was a special burger, the "Cherry Popper."  SOOOOOOOOOOO yummy!  Cherry and banana peppers, fried egg, cole slaw, and cheese on a burger on a Hawaiian bun.  I'm still thinking about it.  The fries were yummy too (sweet potato).

I ordered a smoothie for my daughter and I tasted it.  It was very yummy, but tasted more like a milk shake (it said strawberries, blueberries, and peanut butter, but it was white and I saw no hint of berry but did taste like a peanut butter milk shake).  Not sure it was as nutritious as I'd hoped, but delicious nonetheless.  Also, I got her some healthy tacos and tried a bite; they were great!

My dad and his wife fully enjoyed their meals as well!

I can't wait to take my husband here.  The ambiance is cute, definitely for the younger crowd.  I'm young myself, but, maybe it's because I'm a mommy, I get more sensitive to innuendos..."cherry popper" sandwich, a banana on the men's restroom door, and a peach on the women's restroom door....there were other innuendos but I can't recall.  I'm just sensitive, as I don't think kids would really get them anyway, so I still think it's a fun place to take kids! 

I'm still thinking about that burger!!  I want to try something from the "eat healthy/skinny" side, but I'm sure my inner fatty will tempt me again!
Well where do I start I must say this is one of my favorite places to eat at. Food staff is always super friendly, the restaurant is always clean. I'm here at least once a week to check out all their new yummy food specials. :)
This place needs to be on everyones bucket list.
Boyfriend wanted to check this place. A little hole in the wall but as soon as you walk you're intrigued by the art on the wall and good music playing. The menu is full of choices from happy food and healthy food. We ordered their cheeseburgers and have to say it was the most delicious burger I've eaten. A cool place to eat, the vibe is right and the food is delicious.
Let me start by saying that this place has a very weird location. When this place started up, it got a lot of hype, mainly thru the social media sites. This joint is located by warehouses and factory offices, which seemed a little out of place. 

I decided to check this place out with a very good friend of mine. Upon entering, I noticed that it's not your typical restaurant. It's a little too congested for my liking with very little room to move about. The tables felt very cheap and light and the chairs aren't sturdy. More so, the place was jam packed when we went. 

Skinny Fats caters to a niche' which seem to belong to the health conscious, gym goers and people that are watching their weight. While they try to market all these "healthy food"  and various substitutes, I can't help but notice that most people that eat here are either gym rat elitists or the annoying calorie counter snobs. 

The first thing that caught my eye is that the prices are crazy expensive, especially for the size portion that you're getting. I understand that you're paying more since they "supposedly"  use "healthy"  ingredients but $9 bucks for a smoothie? Definitely gonna be the last time I'd order something like that. My friend ordered a salad with some chicken and a blended shake which cost her $20 bucks. 

To be fair, this review is more on the atmosphere and the vibe that it gave me rather than the food itself. My friend enjoyed her lunch so ultimately, I guess that's what counts. 

I definitely won't be a regular at this place but would I come back? Sure, I'd be down to give it another go. Maybe my perception will change but until then, it's an overpriced health nut food joint in my book...
Stumbled across this gem after am exhausting crossfit workout. Highly recommend. Healthy good tasting fast food that is reasonably priced, I really couldn't ask for anything more. But wait an environmentally conscious cup that is reusable, you just made me a repeat customer! Love the decor, loved the food, loved the concept!
We tried to eat here last month, but the line was out the door (no thanks). The second time wasn't so bad, but there was still no room to sit, so we ordered to go. My BF ordered scrambled egg whites, bacon and toast. I ordered the gluten free Nice to Greek You. My BF refused to eat his food after a few bites, no flavor, to bland pieces of bread with no butter, the egg whites were runny. My "pizza" tasted like a GF pizza crust like you get at the store, ranch dressing, Greek condiments, and sliced precooked chicken you get in a bag. The ranch was way too overwhelming and rich. Since we were eating this in our car, we ended up having to stop somewhere else not too long after. Skinny Fats could get some lessons from Palm Greens in Palm Springs, CA. I think that was what they were aiming for, but missed the mark.
I finally made it over to SkinnyFats after hearing and reading so much about it. It was great!

Many friends told me it's very small and to try to go later in the day, as to avoid the lunch time rush. 

I met 4 other people at noon on a Monday. It seemed pretty full at the time, but we had no issues waiting in line to order. Wait time for food to be served seemed just about right, and everyone in my party received their food roughly about the same time. 

I had the healthy breakfast option. Bonjour Brle: two pieces of French toast, two turkey sausage patties, berries, and agave. Although I was extremely jealous of everyone else's burgers, I was thoroughly happy with my meal choice. 

By the time my group was done, the restaurant was packed with a line almost to the door. 

It seems like people think it's in an odd location, but I feel like it adds to its charm. Location also doesn't seem to be a problem for them, considering it was so busy!
Just left delicious food everything was perfect until I was leaving I just watched a cook with an apron on walk out the restaurant in his apron into the hardwood flooring store next door then back into the restaurant HEALTH CODE VIOLATION QASA HELP THEM!! He was tall with dark curly hair .. Even if he is not a cook you never leave the kitchen or behind the counter with an apron on.. Gave two stars because the food was great  and service was awesome the girl at the counter gave recommendations and everything however seeing that turned my stomach
So one of my friends said that we should try out Skinny Fats the other day and I thought that I would give it a try. 

The location is in an commercial area of town and I thought that this was weird. Once you enter the restaurant you forget where you are at. The restaurant has a nice feel once you enter. 

I order the Chicken sandwich which comes with 2 chicken breasts with the sweet potatoes. I thought that the sandwich was very good. My friend ordered one of the breakfast items and it looked amazing. The only down side for me was the strawberry lemonade, it tasted watered down. All drinks come in a reusable cup!

Overall, I will definitely be back.
After a yelp event at UFC Blue Diamond, a few of us decided to go to SkinnyFats to replenish our energy.  When we entered the establishment, we were surprise to see how crowded it was.  It's basically a, grab a seat upon it being available.  Hesitate for a second and it will be GONE! 

So for next time, we know that while someone in our group is ordering, others will grab a table.  Onto the food.  This is what Earl and I ordered:

-Hangover Remedy Juice: Good.
-Beet It:  My favorite.  I really like the strong ginger taste of this.  AND, I love beets.
-Slobb Cobb Salad:  Nothing special.  A typical Cobb Salad.
-Apollo Fries: Very interesting, but it worked.  Sweet potato fries, chicken, arugula, balsamic glaze, craisins, and olives, all in one bowl.  Never had it like this before, but it worked!

The concept is awesome.  There is the Healthy side, and a Happy side.  If you have a mixture of healthy eaters and not as healthy eaters, this place will satisfy both.  I can eat clean here AND have my cheat day here as well.  Brilliant.  We will be back.
I'm surprised I did not review SkinnyFats the first time I ate here, but apparently I did not. I'm guessing I must have been reserving my rating for another try. I've now been here a total of... twice.

On my first run at this place I probably would have given 4-stars, but I'll say my rating is more like a 3, but bordering on 4, if they fix a few issues.

First off the place is small, too small for the amount of traffic it gets. I realize they can't do anything about this, but still. Secondly, I waited for my food FOR-E-VER the last time I was here. Eh, I know these can be day-to-day issues, I'm not docking them for it, it's just me being a whiny patron.

Here's the real deal - I ordered a Cranburkey with a side salad. The salad came out with the ranch cup tipped all over my salad. Presentation not so great. Salad - good. Next came the Cranburkey. Presentation - terrible. I'm used to following SkinnyFats on Instagram and their pictures of their food looks SO GOOD, and so nicely plated. So, I was disappointed. I thought, the taste will make up for it!

The Cranburkey had a dry bun. The turkey was cooked well enough - but kind of bland. The cranberry-type gravy was all right, but not enough to have me desiring it again. The arugula-mix on the burger was wilted, and not terribly fresh. I picked a bunch of it out. Overall - an OK meal, therefore my rating is "A-OK". 

Not sure I'll be back. It's kind of out of the way from where I live and where I work. We'll see.
After reading great reviews from yelp and friends I had to come over here and try it for myself! This was the second time I came here, the first time we ended up leaving because of seating there was no room and the bf didn't want to sit separate since the person didn't want more over couldn't have a person in between us on the stools.. Anyways today we got here a lot earlier than last time around 12pm and I ordered a Chix of Broadway with sweet potato fries.. I loved it! This place is worth coming back every meal they carried out I saw and was like man I should of ordered that (lol) but I will be back to try out more of their foods on their menu!
I am here at least once a week. The food is amazing 4/5 of the time and they staff the friendliest people!!! The restaurant is a bit small and they are always busy and there are times when we can't get a table right away...but the Ahi tacos are amazing and they have TRUFFLE FRIES! Serves great breakfast all day which is fantastic. It has a very hipster vibe so it totally fits me. And I like that they have daily/weekly specials that are so creative and flavorful. I enjoy trying something new when I go and when I do I don't regret it, but of course I come back for my favorites too!
Decided to give this place another shot after being so bummed out the last time I was there. I went in with a clear head and came out much happier. I got the chicken and waffles this time since I knew it was going to be good. I came with my sister and we decided to share the plate with a side of fries - since its such a big portion. It was delicious and we finished all of it! I think I'm gonna stick with the un-healthy side from now on =P!

I also came at a less busier time. We avoided the traffic by coming in for a late lunch. I didn't have to worry about figuring out where to sit! I also heard that they're expanding... and opening new locations around the valley! How exciting. 

Can't wait to see what SkinnyFats has to offer in the coming months!
Okay so this place is a BINGO. Quick, interesting, relatively healthy meals! Awesome shakes and smoothie options. Price is decent, only downside is it is a bit small so lunch/dinner rush time can be a bit troublesome. Get the Neato Burrito!
Yo skinnyfats,I like the concept but It ain't Ralph tho. I ate the the food and IT AINT RALPH THOUGH!!!!
I heard the concepts, I read the reviews, I thought it would be a match made in heaven because I'm skinny but I eat like I'm fat but it wasn't going down like that
First thing, the decor is nice but every time I went it felt so cramped and packed. I mean what's the point of a nice place if I can't appreciate it while eating my meal. 
Now, let's get to the food. I don't know about whichever yelper is reading this but when I order a Philly cheesesteak, Im expecting a good mix of  steak and onions/mushrooms instead of  just enough steak that the sandwich could've been called vegetarian. I would also like to apologize for getting in the way of the breakfast burrito and it's war on taste or spices of any kind. The ahi tacos were a pretty bomb surprise. I can get down with those, same for the BLT. The tacos were nice and saucy, a very welcome surprise and the BLT was a BLT but the proportions and the bacon was right. 
To be honest, I love the idea, I like what this could be but I gotta call it how I see it. This isn't bad but it sure isn't where it could be
SkinnyFats you have won me over!

I thought I had an idea of what to expect through all the reviews, but even then I was still so surprised! This place does not seem like it belongs in Las Vegas, but maybe somewhere in California. It's almost like a restaurant inspired by Tumblr/Pinterest with all the colors, art, and overall interior decor. I had slight difficulty finding the place since it's located in somewhat of a office plaza. Good thing they have signs on the light poles stating, "SKINNY FATS - YOU JUST MISSED US."

Anyways.. Me and my friend went during lunch time and all I got to say is that if you're planning on going here - TRY TO AVOID LUNCH TIME. This tiny place was packed! Luckily, they have somewhat speedy service and we were able to place our order. I opted for a healthy snack and a happy side which was the mini Gobbler and truffle fries. The mini Gobbler is basically a slider burger which upon appearance I thought I should have ordered more because there was no way this small burger and bowl of fries what going to fill me up.. Surprise! Surprise! I ended my meal with a full stomach and I didn't feel totally gross. I've never had a turkey burger and found this one to be very appetizing. I definitely did not feel guilty eating it and found my hunger satisfied.

I want to make a trip back here and indulge on a happy entree. This place matched up to my expectations and more. I left giving it a 2 thumbs up along with a 5-star rating.
I like their menu! One side of the menu is the 'skinny menu' with healthy food options. The other side of the menu is the 'happy menu' and obviously they are the fatty, junk stuff.

This place is located among other office buildings and it was hard to find this small place located amongst the offices. We went around the parking lot and finally found it. From outside it may look like it is closed, but once you open the door, there's a different atmosphere inside. With music, funky art on the wall, and friendly smiles, you'll be surprised!

We ordered a coffee, mocha and skinny acai bowls. The coffee and mocha were blah. The acai bowls were good and filling. I like the cute bowl in which the acai was served.

As it was getting closer to lunch time, the line to the counter was getting long!
I stopped in at this gem the last time I was in Vegas for a weekend of debauchery.

Our first night in town, we partied so hard and ate so unhealthily, that I woke up the next morning and immediately typed "healthy brunch" into Yelp to find some place around the hotel.  My friends were SO PISSED that I forced them to drive several miles away from the Strip just to eat at SkinnyFats but afterward everyone was so glad that we did!

It is super far from the Strip, for those of you who are in town to party like me, and it is really confusing to find, but if you're looking for somewhere in Vegas that's healthy and priced for normal folks, there is no better spot I've found.

When we walked in we were offered strawberry lemonade, which was absolutely out of this world in its own right.  Beats the hell out of the Freckle Lemonade at Red Robin which is also a favorite of mine.  As I was trying for something healthy to cleanse my body of the impurities I had done to it the night before, I got an acai bowl.  I am obsessed with acai bowls, and this is one of the best I have ever had!  The acai "yogurt" was really great tasting, all the fruit very fresh and the granola was delicious.  To be a *little* fat (I was in Vegas, after all), I did get the Gobbler because it looked tasty.  After my cells instantly perked up from my acai bowl, I was perfectly ready for the Gobbler (it's basically a turkey burger with cranberry stuff on it).  It was delicious as well!  I also tried my friend's truffle fries; they're VERY truffley so if you like the truffle taste you'll enjoy, but if you find truffle oil to be too pungent (I think it's an acquired taste) then this may not be up your alley.

I'm definitely coming back here on the way in or out of town whenever I have another debauched weekend in Vegas.  If you have a car, highly recommend.  It looks far but it's really only 10-15 min from the Strip, and the food is so much better than anything you could have in your hotel.
Only one word can describe skinnyfats Amazing. Food quality is great and service was great. The chicken sandwhich and sf tacos were killer. 
The only downfall to this place is it needs more seating and maybe a beer menu. Great job skinnyfats you guys need to open acouple other locations.
Absolutely love this place! There always coming up with new recipes that taste great! Defiantly a place to try if your visiting Vegas or live in Vegas!!! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!!
SkinnyFats is a fun little joint hidden behind the madness of The Strip. The location is tucked away in a warehouse center, and the closest place of interest is the Hustler House, if that's your type of thing. I was really confused why this restaurant found its way here. I think it could do even better in a hotel or maybe closer to UNLV or possibly in Town Square.

The restaurant is much too tiny. My cousin and I came here on a Sunday afternoon, and even though we were able to find a seat rather quickly, everything felt so cramped. We came here with a baby car seat, and I do not recommend that. This place is best visited in pairs. You will not enjoy dealing with big groups here.

Now for the food. Surprisingly, there aren't really any desserts. But oh my goodness. I still loved my food! The portions are very generous for the prices. I had the Drunken Gypsy Toast and the Ahi Taco-San. Yum!

I wasn't expecting the toast to taste that sweet! It was delicious! I probably could have used more whipped cream, but it was still a lovely dish. Aesthetically, it looked gorgeous. All of the fruits were fresh and sweet. My bacon was good, too!

The Ahi Taco-San was excellent. The tuna was cooked to perfection and all of the stuff that topped the taco was scrumptious and paired well with the tuna. There were jalapeos in it, which I'm not a fan of, but I totally didn't mind them in this taco. Everything about this taco was to die for, haha. And it was so decently priced!

Overall, my experience at SkinnyFats was a good one, I only had a few details to pick at. I certainly recommend this place to anyone looking for fun,  filling food. You'll have a blast here.
The best of both worlds - a "healthy" and a "happy" side of the menu. Trying to eat healthy often means leaving a restaurant unsatisfied, well for me anyway. But I really enjoyed my "Shroomin' in Philly" sandwich, sweet potato fries and hot-mame. I worried that the flavor of the mushrooms (especially if they were portobello) would be too much, but that wasn't the case at all. Really good and filling!

The hot-mame was sweet and slightly spicy. It came with a soy looking sauce on the side, but we didn't use it because they were great as is!

My hubby got the Burger Benedict, which was also really good (also obviously on the happy side). His side was truffle fries, but he wished the truffle flavor was more pronounced.

It was busy when we got there, but luckily we got the last table. If you've read my other reviews, you'll see I appreciate details, so one other thing I liked was their cool, reusable, dishwasher-safe cups. It has a "happy meter" on the side that shows how full it is. Oh and they had jalapeo ketchup and balsamic ketchup on the table, which I've never seen before. The jalapeo was good, not too spicy!

Looking forward to my next visit back here!
There doesn't seem to be too many good brunch places in this town but I definitely chalk SkinnyFats up to being one to check out. They have standard breakfast fare as well as some dishes that show a little more creativity, which I like. 

I got the Bonjour Brulee which was on the "Healthy" portion of the menu. It was good but I was confused by the bread they used. Seemed like a roll (brioche perhaps?) that was cut in half and that was it. Which is fine I guess but everyone knows the crust pieces don't soak up nearly enough egg. It came with turkey sausage and berries on top with agave nectar so it was pretty tasty.  

I wanted to get juice because they look really good but I couldn't bring myself to pay $9.50 for a drink without alcohol in it! Yeah...yipes! So I settled for a "Jazz Hands" which was still a little spendy ($4) for what was in it: sprite, ice cream, mango chunks.
I wanted to give this place 5 stars since it was such a fun place to go and the staff were so friendly. They have a lot of options, but for some reason I couldn't really find what I wanted. So...I asked for a mix of a skinny and a happy breakfast sandwich. While I wouldn't order it again, I thought it was good. They even give a military discount, which is pretty sweet in my book!
Cool atmosphere - hard to come by in Vegas.  I had the fish taco-san for an afternoon snack.  It was delicious and the presentation was very thoughtful.  Everything that I saw in front of other customers also looked delicious.

The only negative is that the prices are a little high for me.  You've got to spend $10+ for lunch.  But you get what you pay for.  These guys care about product quality, taste and presentation.  

I'll be back.
Lots of good options for everybody. I could come here, be happy with the salad selection (beets and goat cheese for $5.50 is pretty good), get chix tenders for the kids and some of the raw juices (expensive at $9+), and my husband can come get a cheeseburger or cheesesteak. 
The inside is cute and kinda hippy, and I think it's locally owned. 
Service is friendly, too!
The great reviews got me to give this place a try and it's now part of my go to lunch spots. Fried chicken sandwich is epic, best in Vegas.
Fabulous. Very busy and popular place. Why? Because the staff is friendly and the food is SO DELICIOUS! Check online for their 'secret menu' though everything I have tried so far has been well worth the drive across town for it. Don't let the "healthy side" detour you, thinking only the "happy side" will be tasty (why people think healthy = bland, I don't know!) - The healthy menu is very good. Some of my favorites are on it.
Good food regardless what mood your in indulge or be healthy either way your set!
Had a Juan wrap that was good,and my wife had some crazy looking waffles that were great. My son chowed on chocolate pankakes
I, like other reviewers, feel that this restaurants space and seating are way too limited for how much social media they dish out. They are busy, so hopefully one day, they can accommodate seating for all of their customers, not just some of their customers.  At the peak of their business while we were there, people were sitting on the curb outside eating out of "to go" boxes, eating in their car and eating whilst stand up in the restaurant.

My order was actually forgot about because me and my friend sat outside at their bench, due to no seating inside. It roughly took them 40 minutes to figure this out too, haha. It's cool though, they comped it and ended up getting a free burger for it! 

I tried the cheeseburger benedict and truffle fries, good presentation and pretty good taste..just lacking a bit of flavor.

A little too much hype over this place, in my opinion. I think if I were to try this place next time, it'll be if they expand their space and work through some of their "new business" kinks.
At first we were suspiciois about this place. Its located in a busness center and there were no cars in the parking lot. However, when we walked in - it was like we went into another world. We loved this place! Someone spent a lot of time in the finest details. Very unique concept. Even our boys (who dont like eating out) were entertained by the salt and pepper shakers, cups, paintings on walls, etc. They even enjoyed their time there. The food was excellent as well. Very tasty and fresh. Couldn't say enough good things - must try this fun, fresh and quaint place!  This place is great if your on a diet or you are just trying to pig out, highly recommended.
This restaurant is AWESOME! I come here at least 2x a month. Very friendly staff. Great atmosphere. Ralph gives us great recommendations each time! Overall, Its one of my favorite local joint.
Super hidden. Really small, dive type California style spot. Skinny: healthy choices, Fats: non-healthy choices. Not a ton of menu items, somewhat pricey for the portions. Overall, a good place for a quick bite. Just hope you can snatch a seat.
As much as I don't want to be labeled as a hipster, I would gladly don a pair of super skinny jeans, thick-rimmed glasses, and toms to belong here. This place was pretty awesome with its very unique and creative menu.

I had a portobello cheesesteak (vegetarian) sandwich with sweet potato fries and a beet/kale/soy/yogurt/and other non-traditional juice stuff shake. Yes, shake! It was surprisingly and pleasantly delicious...the shake and food. The atmosphere was so hip that I couldn't help but feel hipster...but not awkward...just cool. So much character.

It's in a really strange location with random other shops...not shops...more like industrial suppliers. And it's really small...intimate. But the ppl are super nice, patient, and friendly. And it's clean! 

Definitely a new local fave!
Place is fantastic but came on the wrong day Mothers day!!! My advice is not to come on a busy day. It was almost like extreme fast food,  and we were playing musical chairs with food. Food is amazing! I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!!
The Red Velvette Waffle is on the "Secret Menu" so you have to ask for it. It is definitely worth is. Really rich but oh so delicious.
I have been to SkinnyFats around 4 or 5 times now and it seems like it is hit or miss. My company recently moved to the same business complex as SkinnyFats so it is a convenient place to eat when I don't have time to leave the office.I have never eaten in the restaurant because its always busy and I am not going to wait or rush for a table. I order my food online and either have it delivered or walk to pick it up. I only get the BLT(both happy and healthy) and both have been good and bad. The healthy option with turkey bacon I have gotten twice and it was good both times. The bad part was the fruit. It was horrible and tasted old. I wish I had taken a picture of it. I have got the happy option, with normal bacon, 2 or 3 times. The first time it was good the next two times I could barely finish it. This last time the bacon was mostly squishy fat. The truffle fries are really good. You have to eat them fresh and hot, if they get cold they taste funny. Overall all, its a cool place and I will update my review when I try something else.
Love this place! Me and my bf are regulars here, while I like to try new things on the menu, my bf orders chix on the broadway all the time, and I can see why. The chicken in the burger is so tender and just so perfect and the buns are sweet and just delicious. So far I like everything that I've tried!
It took me way too long to come here. I'm glad I did, too, because there are some interesting things happening here.

First of all, tactical. Just like Baguette Cafe - location location location. Taking advantage of an area full of business and otherwise devoid of spots for lunch? Smart. Anyway that really isn't a review point, is it?

Inside it's really refreshing but dark. Refreshing because it's wood planks covered in bright paints and cool little indie cartoons. The menus are on monitors. The inside has lots of seating somehow - despite limited space. It's borderline crammed. Why dark, then? Because of the way the restaurant is facing. Light bleeds in through the windows but it's not enough to light up the interior. It's dark.

So the idea is that the menu is split between things more indulgent ("Fats"/"Happy") and things more lean ("Skinny"/"Healthy"). More importantly, this leads to a lot of thought being placed into everything. This is refreshing as well. It's isn't just thrown together. It's purposeful and oozes quality. Oh, and the names are silly.

- Hot mame. It's edamame drowning in Asian inspired awesomeness. Chili, garlic, and a borderline ponzu-like sauce to pour over it all.

- Ahi Srirachi taco. Ahi topped with plenty of mixed veggies/slaw - and apparently something with sriracha that I honestly could not pick up. The taco is served in the same sort of sideways bowl everything is served in. In an interesting effort to make it easier to eat they not only served the taco folded but in such a way that it could be easily picked up without destroying it. Fancy! This was my favorite of the entire meal I think. My first bite made me think of an American style sushi roll you'd get anywhere. Ahi quality was good. Soft cooked, clean, and tasty.

- Little gobbler slider. Basically a turkey burger. The turkey itself was, unfortunately, dry. There really isn't much else to say about this. Skip.

- Smoke in a Bowl. Ok, the description says "agave BBQ chicken." The name has "smoke" in it. There is nothing even remotely smokey or BBQ-like in this dish. I'd go as far as to say this is more like a mild sweet and sour chicken over brown rice. Seriously, the chopped veggies even fit the bill. Bell peppers? Pineapple? Onions? Come on. Anyway, the deception aside, it was pleasant. the chicken was all white meat and very soft. Veggies were fresh. The brown rice lacks the "shells", too. It's soft, but still tastes like brown rice.

- Summer quench juice. Firstly, I really like their cups. They have a "meter" on the side to show how full/empty your cup is. Cool. This juice is cucumbers, celery, apple, and lemon. Not bad at all! Certainly not the tastiest juice on the menu but very healthy.

I really love the amount of thought that has gone into creating the menu here. Everything I ate came from the healthy side of the menu so I didn't expect indulgence and richness. Maybe next visit I'll order from the dark side. Until then, I was perfectly satisfied. Worth your visit!
I am such a fan of this place! First impression was great! Loved their menu with the healthy and happy side. Lol. Girl at the register was really helpful. Giving us help with the menu; what's popular, what she recommended, & the secret menu. I plan to stop by here every time I visit Vegas now! 

The only con about this place is that it's a bit tiny. Place gets packed and people waiting for tables are standing around blocking the walk ways. I hope they open another location with more space. && just wishful thinking, I hope they open one in So Cal! ;D
This is second time I've been here and the fryer is broke so once again I can't get what I want not to mention that every time I come I have to fight for a table which makes it vary uncomfortable. I will not return until they either get a bigger place and they can seem to fix the fryer.
Really a cool little hipster Burger and salad joint.   Definitely worth trying.   Unusual dishes well prepared.   Not easy to get to but worth it.
I had brunch here today due to a friend recommending it, and of course after seeing the reviews on Yelp!  I must say that I was pleased with the food and service here!  I like the array of food and drink choices!  They also have a secret menu that has more deliciousness if you care to indulge!  I had the Bonjour brle and I was pleased with the French toast!  It was accompanied by turkey bacon, that may have been delish but I wouldn't know because it wasn't cooked well enough so I just opted to not even eat it!  I also had a chai tea that was great, nothing too special there!  

The downside that I see is that the restaurant is soo small, and maybe understaffed.  As I was leaving I wanted to try one of their create your own Juice/shakes but the line was literally out the door!  People were waiting for seats!  The second we got up from out table, there was already another party sitting down and the table hadn't even been cleaned yet(it wasn't dirty by far, pretty much just dishes).  However, they do offer online ordering, so more then likely I will utilize that option and not even chance not having a place to sit!  Overall, great concept, great food, great customer service!  I will return!   
 
Also, one last thing I would like to recommend is including the calorie count on the menu for at least the healthy options!  I know I would like that....not a deal breaker though!
You must go to this place when in Vegas. I'm so glad I yelped for lunch ideas. It's in a strip mall near the airport and if you blink you may just miss it. When you walk in it can get kind of confusing... Have a friend grab a table if you can, get in line and place your order counter. This place was hopping at 11:30 and even busier as we left. One in our party got French toast (bonjour brle) another had the blt (bomb diggity) and I had the shrooming in Philly a mushroom philly sandwich! The truffle fries and sweet potato fries were SO GOOD!!! One of my favorite things was actually the flavored Heinz ketchup (jalapeo and balsamic- AMAZING)! Enjoy!!!
Good food good prices! It just too small. It's almost like I dread going in because I know I'm going to have a hard time finding a seat and waiting for people to get up.
Live Happy or Live Healthy. 

Today was a healthy day...ahi tacos (cannot miss)...slow boat to China (cucumber salad)...wedgie salad...kids loved Naked Chicks (mango chicken tenders).

We love this place because it is noisy and you do not have to worry about being too quiet.

Everyone that works here is always so friendly.

Seating is fairly limited especially for groups bigger than 4, but we always manage to find a seat.

We are locals and will be back again and again!
Absolutely love this place! This is my go to place when I have people visiting from out of town or brunch with the ladies. Wish they had more seating though.  You need to get there right as it opens so you can snag a table. It gets pretty packed. I especially keep my eyes open on Instagram for there delish specials. You have to be a foodie and have a great palette for that burst of flavors that you wouldn't think would go together but absolutely compliment in all of there dishes. It's a definite must try. These chefs really know what they're doing.
Back in December of 2013, SkinnyFats impressed the heck out of me at a certain Yelp Event with their juices and their Naked Chix. I figured I would eventually try their shop, and it's a little surprising that it took months.

Actually, make that months and a few extra minutes. I wasn't expecting SkinnyFats to be in a commercial area, but something looking more like a strip mall, so I drove right past them. Whoops! I stopped and reconfirmed the address, went back the other way, and luckily turned into the correct parking lot. So yeah,  they're basically inside an office building, and they have this vertical banner on a pole outside that's either green or pink depending on which direction you're approaching from.

Inside, it definitely looked like a place to eat, with some bar style seating (including power and USB charging outlets) and some tables, all done in dark wood or a wood finish. There's to-go menus near the door (useful for when there's a line), and the closest area on the counter has a citrus water dispenser for those of us who don't want to break the bank on the cold pressed juices. The menu boards are visible after you round the corner, and they're bright and clear to read.

I asked Jenn P for her recommendation and followed it exactly: Chix on Broadway ($9.50), and truffle fries as the choice for the side. It was a real treat. Brioche bun was solid, and all the fresh stuff makes it seem vaguely healthy even for something from the "happy side" of the menu, but the star of the show was the chicken breast. It's bread and fried to a great golden brown, crunchy exterior that holds up to the juicy and flavorful interior. It helps that there's portions of the chicken that stick out from the bread since you can go back to those and get enough crunch for the entire sandwich.

The truffle fries were pretty good, and I liked the ketchup with jalapeno for a bit of a kick (they're not that spicy, trust me), but I wouldn't say either of those are anything to write home about.

However, I found something else to like in a bite of another friend's Mr. Flapjack ($8.50). It's actually from the healthy side but tastes pretty sweet. The protein pancakes and banana chunks are probably both supplemented with agave nectar so that it's sweet but not actually all that awful. I didn't get a piece of the turkey bacon, but I would consider ordering this in the future for the pancakes and banana alone.

Not everything might be as good as what I ate today, but I was very impressed. I could definitely see myself coming back as long as I don't get lost.
Actually 5 stars for food, my family's tried a little bit of everything over the past year and found our faves like Clucky Toes, Apollo Fries , Tu-Nuts and Chix on Broadway. We were excited for the new Westside location to open soon. However none of that matters now- due to new policy change kids meals can only be ordered to go if kids present. As a working mother picking up dinner after long day I was shocked they didn't even care I was also ordering 2 entrees and appetizer additionally. Whatever SF hope the money you save from this policy makes up for the money you lose being so family UNFRIENDLY. It's not like you have kids eat free specials or anything to even justify this policy! What was once a free spirited place turning into just another profit mongerer I'll pass on supporting!
The food tastes good but it is a bit pricey. I had the more cow bowl and although it tastes great, the rice is completely drenched in the special sauce they use. Root beer float is not that good because the ice cream doesn't really have a rich flavor to it, very bland. The place is always too crowded and it is very hard to find seats to dine in. It is best to order for takeout just in case there are no seats. Staff seems a little annoyed when you switch your order to takeout due to lack of seats. If you order water as a drink you must get it yourself by squeezing between the line of people since the water dispenser is located right where the line is.
Benedict Burger and Truffle Fries are awesome.  Also want to try the tuna and fruit juices next time.
This was our first food stop on our first trip to LV, based on the recommendation of the Enterprise rental car attendant when we were driving out of the lot in our Mustang Convertible (toot-toot!)

Great rec, dude-whose-name-I-can't-remember!!

Bulletted thoughts:

-Super-duper friendly staff
-Clean, modern decor
-Filled with locals, as it sits in an industrial park just off the strip--who knew such "hipness" existed in a non-descript chunk of the desert?
-Huge portions of food  
-I believe we both ordered off of the Skinny side and were not anywhere near disappointed
-Husband's "fat" side treat was 86'd, so the wonderful staff member suggested a substitution off of the skinny side---again, no disappointment here.
-They've got your coveted hippy-dippy juices and health-food-based drinks right along side some good old Diet Coke, milkshakes and beer, hence SkinnyFats.  

Woo Hoo!
If theres ever a restaurant I can commend for its near perfection, this is the spot.

Customer/guest service: 5/5
They always interact with you with a very lively and happy attitude. They ensure that you have a smile on your face coming in and coming out. Oh and of course while youre eating your food.

Food: 5/5
Without the food, skinnyfats will not be the place that it is known for. A place specifically designed to provide healthy or unhealthy, I mean happy, options. My favorite: chix on broadway. Very tender chicken in buns along with either truffle oe sweet potato fries.

Location: 3/5
Very random location. In a very secluded industrialized commercial center off of the 15 freeway between russell and tropicana. In ny opinion, the location is the only thing keeping this business from its potential. However, the unusual location does not give me reason to subtract stars.

Great food,l and great service. This place has it going and if youre ever in the city, avoid the buffets along the strip and come to skinnyfats where you will experience something unlike other!
Great place and great food
That this place has some awesome food becomes clear fact once you see the plates piled with food move past you. Then the menu, with a very unique layout, can make you sit there reading it over and over again, painstakingly trying not to order everything on the menu.

It's also super apparent that they don't have enough floor space here. You have to line up to order your food at the front counter, with no guarantee of finding a seat...the chances of which aren't very good since this place is packed during most of its hours of operation. I can't imagine why they have such a small place, as they could do exponentially better by providing more seating for their patrons.

My recommendations: the sweet potato fries are to die for. Remember to get a SkinnyFats soda cup, since you can get cheaper refills when you bring it back on a future visit. Any sort of fish taco here is also amazing.
Great menu with a ton of both healthy and more savory options depending on your mood, great/friendly staff.
Amazing food! This place has healthy food options and affordable. The only thing thing is the restaurant is a bit small and i wish they had nutritional info on their meals but as far as ffod taste you cant go wrong here.
Delicious food!! Was really busy around 1pm when we went. Environment was really fun and great service. Will be coming back as often as possible.
Great Food! Great Service! I will definitely be coming here more often! I had the Cranburkey and fruit, Great! I stayed on the Healthy Side.
Very impressive! I came here with my wife looking for a good place to eat that had a good vegetarian option. I've been hearing a lot off positive things from my customers where I worked so I recommended it to my wife this late afternoon. The atmosphere alone put us in a good mood. They were nice and busy, the wait wasn't long, the decor was superb and the service was very good. We will definitely be back. Kudos to the Founder of skinnyfats for creating such a great spot!
I love this place so much every time I have a friend or family member in town I take them so they can have a taste. I go very often and even order delivery food on a regular basis. My boyfriend and I ordered take out earlier today and do the first time I was disappointed. We ordered the Maine wedge, the chicken and waffles and the phatty philly. It was my first time trying the chicken and waffles and they were spot on, best I've had. The Maine wedge was missing dressing and was packaged in the smallest container that it didnt have the same flavor because not everything was distributed evenly. The dressing was the most disappointing though because without it it didnt taste at all as wonderful as it normally is. I also order the phatty philly almost every time and was so upset that I couldn't eat it. They have changed it and didn't mention it and it doesn't say it on the menu either. It now has some weird a1 sauce and peppers. My boyfriend likes a1 so he ate it fine, I however cannot eat it without gagging. I will definitely return but was unhappy on this encounter.
Since I moved back to Vegas earlier this year, I've been making the rounds to find new restaurants and hidden gems, and Skinny Fats is by far the best I've found!  

I've been back several times and have loved it every time.   They have put together a combination of awesome food, fun atmosphere and a staff that is incredibly cool and engaging that is tough to beat in Vegas.  

One of my favorite things to do at a new restaurant is ask the server what they would get, and often I get a dumbfounded look and then just a bunch of questions about what I want.  When I ask the question at Skinny Fats, I get a passionate response full of insider tips.

The best thing I've had so far is the "Smotherload Burrito".  One of the best I've ever had.  And ENORMOUS!  The Chicken and Waffles chowder is also phenomenal. 

You really can't go wrong with Skinny Fats, although I can't say with confidence that the "Skinny" side of the menu is any good.  I haven't ordered anything off that side yet... Don't tell my wife ;-)

It can be hard to find a table, so be prepared for that.  However, not being able to find a table is usually a good sign that you're in the right place!
Perfect restaurant combo..... Finding a restaurant that works for my family is hard. Hubby is not the healthiest eater and me and the kids try hard too be. Well today we decided to take the nephews who are home from college out for lunch and yelped healthy options. This place came up and from the moment I found out they had a healthy/happy menu I knew this would be great. We ordered from the healthy side skinny Q pizza( gluten free), slow boat to china, Cobb salad, hot mama and from the happy side chicken on Broadway w/ truffle fries, cheese burger Benedict w/ sweet potato fries, Kids Chicken and fruit. It satisfied all of our appetites and made our tummy's happy. My husband after trying mine and our kids food said he come and eat off the healthy side next time. There was so much flavor in everything we ordered.  We will be back....
The food is terrible here! I don't know why it's so crowded. The eggs taste like they sat out ALL day, the muffin was so hard, I could throw it and break a window, the fries were soggy. I only eat here, because it's near my friend's office and I've never had anything good.  The cookies are ok.
Pleasantly surprised. It's located in a very unsuspecting location, but definitely is a hidden gem. Even though it was busy the service was quick and friendly. The food was delicious and if I'm ever nearby again I will absolutely stop in for another bite.
Great food at a decent price. Check it out.  Look up the secret menu before you go.
This place is awesome! I always go here because it's just down the street from work and I have never had a bad meal. It is a little pricey though.
Dark interior complicated my ability to read the menu which is unique! I gave in to my oft delightful ordering technique and asked the staff what would be sure to bring me back!  The chicken sandwich with truffle fries fit the bill!  Cucumber milkshake prepared with choice of frozen product and choice of milk too!  I was a happy camper! A great ace to order ahead to take home! Seating limited! Staff was attentive and good natured!! The half sandwich left over was selfishly hidden and enjoyed two days later and was still impressively yummy!
Seating sucks. Come when it's dead.

Trust me on this. I came here with my gf around noon and it was packed enough that we had to stand around waiting for a table to open up, and they have very few tables. 

The menu is divided up by "Healthy" and "Happy", the former is which is ostensibly good for you while the latter is undeniably not. We shuffled around the board a bit with our orders. I got Mr. Flapjack (I think that's what it was called); basically two protein pancakes (they add in whey protein powder) with bananas and syrup, along with turkey bacon. My chick went with the popular cranburkey sandwich. And we also got an order of specialty fries, that turned out to be a mistake. 

The flapjacks were quite good, as far as flapjacks are concerned. It's not exactly the pinnacle of breakfast items. I am of the opinion that bananas make (nearly) everything better, so their inclusion here was enough to make me happy. I'm also a guy who tries to get a good amount of protein in with each meal, so having 18g (is that each? not sure) added into these pancakes satisfied my needs. Turkey bacon sucks. It always sucks. No matter how good someone tries to make it sound, it's never as good as real bacon. But if you want to eat something healthier, it's there. Personally, I would've liked some applewood smoked bacon thick as Jessica Simpson's thighs.

The fries. We ordered these special fries - which I can't seem to find on their online menu, and the name escapes me - but they were a mad doctor's concoction of sweet potato fries, balsamic vinegar, feta (might've been goat) cheese, and chicken. And I think some nuts might have been involved. It's one of those dishes someone thinks up while they're high, and you'd probably have to be in a similar mindset to eat them. Did. Not. Work.
Ate here for the first time yesterday. I drove to the location and I thought I drove to the wrong place because the area this restuarant is located in seemed very discreet. Make sure to grab a table if you're eating there because this place is kinda small and if it's crowded then good luck trying to find a place to sit.It was cool how they had a menu if you're trying to eat healthy and a menu for the opposite. When I received my order there was a hair in it the workers really need to wear hair nets or something because I really lost my appetite after that.

Just wanted to update my review the manager messages me personally on yelp after seeing this review and offered me a $25 gift card. I work in retail and the type of workers who do these things for customers definitely know how to run a business. I will be coming back they went above and beyond my expectations after this.
Chix on Broadway so amazing!..I love this place. Kind of in a weird location but great restaurant by far!
Love love love this place!!!

I have been procrastinating this review for months.  This is definitely a hidden gem that I make a point to introduce to my tourist friends.  Great selection of deliciousness . Can't wait until the new location opens on Durango.

Space is limited but high turnover of tables.  It was probably not a good idea that I came with 8 people once but it was manageable.  Dylan was awesome at accommodating us, or was it Dillon? I get them confused.  Everyone on the staff is very welcoming though.  

Hands down, my favorite is the Chix on Broadway - chicken sandwich with great flavors and BACON!!! yum.  Chicken is perfectly moist and juicy.  Comes with a side, I usually get the truffle fries.  Even their ketchup is amazing: choice of regular, jalapeno or balsamic vinegar.

Want something more breakfasty? Chick-A-Waff-A-Dopolis is a great alternative to the Chix on Broadway.  Same juicy fried chicken tenders but served on a buttermilk waffle.

I usually order "Orange you happy" as my beverage - I order it with ice cream but for the health conscious, you have the option of adding frozen yogurt.  Cold pressed juices are available and delicious but usually "too healthy" for me.  I've tried the Hangover Remedy, Mr.Green and Liquid Defense.

I tend to hover on the "happy side" of the menu, I call it the "fatty side" but I've ventured to the "healthy side." Slow Boat to China's has a great presentation.  Asian chicken salad served on a cucumber "boat".  Ahi Srirachi Taco is good but I preferable it's evil twin Ahi Taco-San, served on a puffed shell.  FYI, one taco is nicely sized.

Other faves: Drunken Monkey Cakes, REDiculous (red velvet waffle), Bomb Diggity (BLT), Protein Pancakes
Check out the special of the day too!
Not only have we loved everything we ordered from SkinnyFats, but mom fell in the parking lot and had to be rushed to the hospital. The staff came running out with CPR knowledge and towels! They were fantastic! The owner gave us his card and asked us to call with an update. He was near tears. What an amazing group of people!
The ambience is nice and friendly. I ordered the Chicken&Waffle plate and it wasn't cooked properly so I asked to replace it with the #Merica and the kind server, Rica, was kind enough to do so. The Merica was a much better choice. Thank you for making my experience a nice one!!!
My roomie never had Skinny Fats before so being the awesome roommate that I am I decided to take him. When we got there it was busy busy busy practically had to fight through a group of frat boys just to get to the menu! Immediately I noticed the new gear the staff was wearing, it really compliments the joint. Anyhow, their frier was announced to be broken so I couldn't have my truffle fries. Boo! I think they did it on purpose to encourage healthier eating. My roomie ordered the classic burger always decent here and I got the Brussel Crowe which was very refreshing. Personally out of the many items that I've tried here I love their burgers & fries the most. Expect to spend at least $11-20 per person if you get an entree and drink. Food is ok but nothing really to rave about, but it is worth trying at least once. Highlight: I caught the US Vs Ghana World Cup game woot woot.
Came here with three friends. You order at the counter but they bring the food to you. You also get your own water. Never really sure how much to tip at these kinds of places. I usually do around 10%. 

I got the steak cheesus or whatever the heck it's called. It was very good. The bread on the bottom was a bit hard possibly stale or else it would be five stars. Also I'm a French fry nit and theirs were a bit over done. Instead of being fluffy in the middle they were hollow. 

Everyone with me loved their food and floats.
Love Love Love!!! I went with a group of four people. The intimate and trendy atmosphere is nice and has the same vibe as Fremont East. 

The food is amazing my boyfriend and I shared the Nice To Greek You and the Cherry Popper! It was only $20 and was well worth it! Hands down the best flatbread I've had In a while and the burger was amazing! And to top it off you can get your cookie warmed for desert yum!
Probably my favorite place to eat ever. I'm currently doing their menu challenge, which if I order every single item off their menu I'll get 15% off every time I order for the rest of my life :)
Surprisingly great food!! My hubby and I were a little bit skeptical since this place is in a weird location and doesn't look like much, but the food is worth it!! Sooo good. The sweet potato fries are unlike any I have ever had,  very sweet and crispy.  I also got the cranberry turkey burger and it was delish. Probably the best turkey burger I have had in my lifetime.  I now understand why people rave about this place!
Great food!! Love this place! I wish the dinning area was bigger but the service is always good.
I've tried almost everything on the menu and can't say one bad thing about the food.
Been back here twice and can say everything I've had has been really good.  The fries were much better the second time as well.

I'd recommend the cherry popper burger.  It's a bit messy but quite delicious.
BEST BREAKFAST IN LAS VEGAS. 

We left and were so full, but felt energized - that feeling you get after eating WELL! We were ready to tackle the day in good old Vegas. Thanks SkinnyFats!
Food not bad above average...seating beyond terrible not enough and cramped as hell. I don't think the food made it worth the bad seating
Skinny Fats is AWESOME! What a great concept. Having a happy side and a Healthy side really shows how hard it is to choose whether to eat good or just treat yourself. This place is really makes me fight my inner self. I've tried their pancakes (on the happy side of course) and they were absolutely DELISH. Hot and fluffy pancakes, overloaded with whip cream and marshmallows/oreos. SOO GOOD. Definitely can't go back to iHop or denny's after having these! My boyfriend got the Ahi Taco and one of the pizzas. It was good size, enough to feed two! But obviously he's a boy and boys can eat a lot. LOL. I've also had their salads which a tasty. And their nutella shake for dessert definitely put me on my happy side. :) This place is small but cute and lively. The workers are very nice and always cater well to your needs. If you don't like something, you don't need to have it in your order. Also, their free water is really yummy. They have different fruits in them on different days. I love the interior design on the walls and it's so detailed to the little salt and pepper shakers. Overall, it's a cool place to go to when you want quality food. Look out for it because you couldn't even tell where it is in its location!
Very good food. Choose from the healthy side or the happy side!!! :DD both times I have been here, always a long line but its totally worth the wait!!! Their slaw chee side dish is super delicious! Next time I go, dying to try their slow boat.
The food here is AMAZING!!!! I've been here twice. The first time I got something off the "healthy side" and the second time I got their chicken and waffles and I was in heaven. I would recommend this place to anyone I know. The portion sizes are huge. It does get busy and its fund your own seating but it worth it!
This place is a must try! Truly a fan of Skinny Fats!

The first time I went was around lunchtime, so I tried the Buff Chix- so yummy! Love the buffalo sauce! 

The next time I went was for breakfast, so I decided to try 3 Happy Chicks. Again- so yummy! This is now my go to item all the time! Especially since they serve breakfast all day!

I would love to try everything on the menu! But every time I go, I always seem to order the 3 Happy Chicks!  It's a simple breakfast- just made perfectly! 

The location is a smaller place, which is always packed, but I think that this is just part of the fun and experience!
 
The staff is amazing... full of fun, and awesome-ness, and just always in a great mood!
This place is delicious!!!

I love that this place is off the strip and tucked away where not many people will find it. Staff is awesome, cheerful, and helpful. You order at the front counter and the menu has a great ( and super tasty) variety. Everyone in our party enjoyed their meals. 
Another perk was the quickness of service. We didn't have to wait long for our food and everything was super fresh! 
Check this place out on your way home from Vegas! You will not regret it!
I really wanted to like this place.. the concept is fun and cute, but its a miss for me.

I (partly) can't get behind the concept because I don't know how they break down and define the skinny portion of the menu versus the fat side.  

Is it skinny because its low calorie?... well it doesn't seem to be very healthy.  Most of the food seems loaded with sugars and fat free ingredients.  Which isn't my idea of healthy nor skinny.  However, if you compare the skinny to the fat side, you may be doing a little better but I still can't be sure without more information on the menu. 

The menu is confusing already, so it would be great if they simplified it and added some more information or details about what you're eating.  (i.e. Organic, No GMO's, Fat free, Low Calorie)

Also, I didn't feel that the flavors were well developed.  They seem either too salty or too packed with sugar.  This was my biggest issue.  I've been about 3 times and I've been disappointed each time.  

I think this place has great potential and would love for it to improve, but I can't give it my recommendation.  

Interior is cute, staff seemed nice, wait time wasn't too bad, I like the self seating, but its a very confusing menu and concept that I can't agree with.... However, I hope I'm wrong. I hope that skinny means healthy with quality ingredients (Organic, low salt, NO GMO's, etc. ) and not just low calorie with lots of salt and sugar or a fat free salad dressing versus a regular salad dressing.
Delicious! They have a happy menu and a healthy menu so this place can accommodate all types of taste buds. I got the dabayou (sp?) double patty burger with Cajun sweet potato fries. Those were the best sweet potato fries that I have ever had! The burger was pretty tasty itself, not as big as I thought it would be but it was good enough for me and I shared it with someone. I also got the jazz hands float (vanilla frozen yogurt or you could choose to put vanilla ice cream, sprite, and chopped pieces of mango). Then me and 2 friends shared rediculous off the breakfast menu (more of a dessert....) which is a red velvet waffle with a lighter version of the cream cheese frosting, blackberries and raspberries, chocolate drizzle, bacon, and syrup on the side. The prize ranged but averaged I would say 10-15. Their smoothies were pretty expensive, about $10. Parking was decent. It's a small place, could probably fit like 30 people. 

Also, they offer free hugs so I took up that offer and the cashier was nice and she gave me a hug and everyone else at my table decided to get a hug. The art on the inside of the restaurant is pretty cool as well. Service is awesome, people asked if it was out first time and it was since we were visiting from San Diego so one of the guys explained the menu to us (so many options!). People checked in with us and served the food to us. You pay at a register then you get your food so you don't have to worry about paying afterwards or how to split a check! :)
Pros:
- Excellent service - the staff is very friendly and helpful. 
- Fun restaurant atmosphere - colorful wall decal and good music.

Cons:
I tried the Rosemary Jane, 3 Healthy Chix, Nice to Greek You, Buff Chix, Truffle fries, and Wrap Superstar and all were just Ok. If I had to pick one to have again I'd pick the Nice to Greek You. Overall the flavors were bland even though the dish descriptions sounded awesome.  

I wouldn't come back here just for the food.
I loved it... Staff was friendly and up beat, the decor was young hip and trendy, the food was huge portions.. You can split one item between two ppl.. And the food was delish.. No complaints what so ever
I'd heard good things about this place from friends, but when I tried it I wasn't blown away by the food. However, this is probably because I'm a pescetarian so I didn't have many options to choose from on the menu. We asked the cashier if there were more vegetarian options and he was very helpful by notifying us of other dishes not listed on the menu in the store, so I ended up ordering a veggie burger. The sauce was good but the patties themselves were not special, so it's not something I'd order again. My sister had the Shroomin' in Philly sandwich which she enjoyed, and we both really liked the truffle fries. 

After looking at the online menu, I noticed that there were actually more vegetarian options that sounded tasty and I would like to try, so I do want to come back again. Their breakfast meals also seem promising. 

The service made the experience much better. Everyone was friendly and helpful, and although they brought us our fries very late (we were already done with our sandwiches), they apologized for the wait and let us have free cookies. The place itself has a nice atmosphere and I liked that we could order from the counter rather than waiting for someone to come take an order.
After a long and arduous weekend of dancing and partying (EDC), my group and I were ready to grub on some good food. Although we were en route to Bachi Burger, the line there was just too horrendous. Thank god for yelp, it lead us straight to skinnyfats.

SkinnyFats is the best of both worlds, you can get your super delicious, indulgence type of food that will bust your diet but make your tastebuds all so happy, or you can get a more waistline friendly selection that is equally delicious and satisfying. They have items ranging from the most delectable breakfast items to a more savory burger. 

Pros:
-good menu options and decent prices to mix and match your choices.
-good serving sizes.
-knowledgeable workers
-options to either go healthy or indulge in your inner fat kid

Cons:
-limited seating
-first come first serve bar space or tables
-not great for huge parties

I ended ordering a ahi srirachi taco and the slow boat to china. Although slow boat to china looked very small when it first arrived, to my surprise, the serving of chicken salad stuffed in the cucumber boat is actually quite substantial. Taste wise, I was very pleased and so was the rest of my group. 

Next time i'm in vegas, I'll definitely drop by when I feel like getting my gluttony on.
The difficult-to-find location and parking already turned me off a little before I even walked in the door to a line that nearly went out of it. I can only imagine how busy this place must be given that I was there at 2PM on a weekday. 

Line delay combined with small space led to many people standing around awkwardly with nowhere to sit after placing their order. I ordered to go, but standing for nearly half an hour was not ideal. Unable to determine if tables of people were waiting on food or lingering after finishing their meals.

Food: maybe I didn't get the right menu items to justify the hype but they have cut a lot of popular items from the menu so a few of the things I'd had my eye on are no longer options. Both the customers in front of and behind me in line had the same issue. Change is good when warranted, but when asked, an employee couldn't explain why they were no longer selling highly-requested dishes.

Opted for one of each of the ahi tacos- the ahi sriarchi and the ahi taco-san, one healthy and one happy. 
Healthy one was lacking flavor on the actual fish: healthy doesn't mean you can't season the fish, Daily Wellness Kitchen manages a good seasoning on theirs. Additional toppings added flavor but I was underwhelmed by the blandness of the fish itself.
The ahi taco-san was served on a puffy taco, which got soggy fast with the sauces and watery slaw topping. Flavors were a bit more pronounced with this taco, and I enjoyed the fish despite not generally being a tempura fan. The kitchen was heavy-handed with the mayo-based sauce.

I may come back another (carefully-timed) time to dine-in and try more options (is the cranburkey still there?), and the atmosphere seemed cool, but I will likely just wait until they move to a better location- management has commented that a larger 215/Rainbow location is in the works.
Super packed lunch place! Came here on a Saturday lunch time and there were no seats. :(.

However, this place has a wide range of healthy dishes and some less than healthy dishes. We opted for the chicks on broadway with truffle fries. The chicken sandwich was moist, huge and delicious. For $10, it was enough to feed my gf and I. Also, they are the only place that I know of that offers nice water cups.

Overall, an amazing deal off the strip. I definitely see myself coming here again on my next Vegas trip.
This place was recommended to me by my awesome friend and finally decided to try it. Warning: it does get packed, come before or after lunch. Place is rather small and kinda of hard to find. 

I had the chicken n waffles: definitely love the chicken; it was crunchy n moist. The waffles had a crunch to it and it just melted in my mouth lol. 

Will try more of the menu but definitely everything is fresh and cooked to order
This place is pretty popular. I've seen many posts about it via Facebook and Instagram, so I thought I would give it a try. We went on a Friday just before closing and it was nearly empty. I already had second thoughts about going because it was difficult to find. Upon entering, I was surprised at how small this place is. Considering its popularity, I was expecting it to be bigger. 

Their menu has a "healthy" side and a "happy" side. My hubby and I opted for something on the happy side. I had a Cheezy Peezy, a pizza heavily packed with cheese. I was excited because I'm a total cheese lover, but the goat cheese was packed on, so the taste was very strong. I could only eat one piece. Hubby ordered a Meltdown. I took a couple of bites from it and it was pretty good. We both had a side of truffle fries. We thought they were good, but not too much different than regular french fries. We also ordered a strawberry lemonade, which was amazing! The lemonade is made in-house and it tastes so fresh. 

Although the food did not wow us, the service was really good. I wish I knew the name of the girl who talked to us, but she was super helpful. She gave us a lot of suggestions and had a good attitude which I always respect. 

Honestly, I feel like this place is a little overrated, but I will return sometime so I can try some of the healthier dishes.
This place is hidden where nobody would expect to find it. I was almost thinking it wasn't real until I saw their sign outside. 

Anyways. I LOVED this place. The atmosphere, the food, the cost!

We got the chix on broadway with truffle fries, the chicken and waffles, and the chicken tenders with sweet potato fries.

Everything was delicious and not to mention the size of the chix on broadway was HUGE!

Reasons why they do not get 5 stars though:

-Menu has weird names without telling you exactly what you are getting. I had to refer back to pics on yelp to really get an understanding of what a few of the items were.

-It was our first time here, we didn't know whether to seat ourselves or where to order. Instead of greeting us, or a few other people who came in, the waitresses seemed to walk past us. We caught on by watching other people go up to the counter and order.

-location is weird. Next to the 15 close to the strip club and kinda out of the way.

But all in all, I absolutely loved this place and will be returning to try out so much more!
After months of listening about how amazing this place is, I've finally made it in to try out SkinnyFat's delicious food for myself! This tiny hidden gem was easy to spot among the monotonous business buildings; who can pass up stopping in a place that has a huge smiley on their doors?!
Although their space is tiny for the amount of people that love their food, the ambience is very laid back, and the staff is on their game. They handle the crowd well and with a positive attitudes.
Now, about the food, any place that has jalepeno ketchup on their tables is my kind of restaurant!!! You can't beat the freshness of their entree items. We ate the Cranburkey with truffle fries and the Tu-Nuts. Both dishes were so delicious, had fresh, very fresh produce and satisfied without needing to have someone roll me out of the restaurant. Did I mention there was jalapeno ketchup?!?!
Five stars all the way. I'm coming back next week to try more of their amazing menu.
Tu-nuts : Bomb! 

Truffle fries: super bomb! 

Chix on Broadway: good, chicken breading needs some serious salt though 

Love the different ketchups they have!
Awesome place. Sometimes hard to get seats so patience is a must or just flat out luck but totally worth it! Parking is easy and free.  Totally recommended and cant wait for a bigger location to open up! Prices are fair and sizes are perfect.
What a fun place to grab dinner!!!  It is a little hidden in the business park that it sits in in an industrial area off of Dean Martin...I only drove past it twice trying to find it! Hahaha

I had heard about this place from a few friends, and as I was done eating the same old thing for dinners, so I decided to finally try SkinnyFATS.

The restaurant is small with about 8 tables and a long window bar with stools to sit at.  There is one TV to watch and the decor was hip with paintings on the walls of fruits and vegetables.

As soon as I walked in, the young lady (did not get her name) immediately knew I had never been there before...guess I stuck out like a sore thumb!  hahahaha

Anyway, she guided me through the menu explaining the differences between the Healthy (skinny) dishes and the Happy (fat) dishes.  I could even order breakfast if I wanted as it was served all day.

I settled on "Berry the Steak.'  It is a flat bread with shaved NY steak, feta and goat cheeses, arugula, balsamic reduction, and blackberries.  I also grabbed a side salad and a soda.

The side salad, though simple, was delicious.  Lettuce, tomato, and a few other veggies with ranch dressing.

Free refills on the soda!  Can't beat Dr. Pepper!

The flat bread was delicious!!!!!!  Nice combo of sweet (berries and balsamic) and peppery (arugula).  There was also nice texture with the crunchiness of the flat bread and the soft warm creaminess of the cheeses.  My only critique is, and this is being picky, is that the flat bread was a little hard to cut with a knife so that it could be cut into more manageable pieces to eat.  I think maybe pre-cutting it into 4 pieces (it's a square shape) might be helpful.

The staff was extremely friendly and totally willing to answer questions about the menu and various dishes.  They gave me a number, I sat at a table, and then delivered it to me when the meal was ready.

I highly enjoyed the meal and the vibe and am looking forward to going back.

Thanks SkinnyFats!  You have a new fan!!!!
Skinny fats is amazing! Dylan S. was so on top of giving the best service to my friend Ally and I. We enjoyed the experience immensely. Aside from the great food, the great service made the whole dining experience excellent! Thank you to Dylan! 

-Cindy and Ally
Great menu selection. They have a heathy & happy menu. 

4 of us split the following- red velvet waffles/chocolate, raspberries, & cream cheese icing, #Merica - chicken fried strip steak & gravy on top of biscuits w/3 eggs scrambled, Ahi Taco-San , the special New York Bleu shaved strip steak sandwich

Great atmosphere, friendly staff. Excited to talk & recommend items.

It has about 50-60 seats. Very busy at 11am. 

It's about 5-10 minutes from strip. 

If your a foodie for sure try them out.

Prices range about $8-$12. Good portions.
This place is awesome! The menu selection and variety is very well balanced. The guy at the register was very knowledgable of the menu and I think his name was Lynel. He definitely was excited to tell us about the menu! Definitely will be back. The cherry bomb burger and ahi sirracha tacos were great
This place is so cozy and cute and definitely off the beaten path. It's very small inside and there will probably be a wait. The menu is delicious both healthy and happy sides are! I wish it were a bit bigger inside and not so loud -between the location's acoustics and everyone talking way too loud. It was too much. They did however turn it down after I politely asked. Got a strawberry lemonade and the chick-a-waffa-dopplis. Both were tasty. Chicken could've used a little more salt and the lemonade was tad too sweet but otherwise tasty. I love this place because there isn't one thing I don't love on the menu.
I've only been here once, but I am definitely coming back! I had the #merica, which is the fried chicken with the most delicious sausage gravy over 2 biscuits. Very fattening, but definitely a cheat meal that is worth it. This place feels like you're eating at one of those fancy places on the strip, but not as pricy and actually better than what I've had on the Vegas strip. This place is definitely worth making the venture off the strip for.
SkinnyFATS has a really great concept. We ordered multiple items during our visit and their flexibility with substitutions makes this establishment overly desirable. This place is a great place to visit if you're sharing so you can get a little bit of everything! They also sell items varying from breakfast to burgers so you can really come here during all hours of operation. 

The only downfall is its random location and size. It was really difficult to find since the sign is on the smaller side. Since it was also really busy, it was hard to find a a spot to sit. 

TIP: Order your dressing on the side when ordering a salad
Devirginizing jen. Ahi taco San is yum!!! If you are looking for a healthy or not so healthy dish, come here. You will not be disappointed. Small and cozy place, price is right
This place was amazing!! My boyfriend surprised me last night!! It's definitely a diamond in the rough:)
Do you remember Alan Jay Lerner's musical Brigadoon?  The classic tale of a Scottish village that only appears to those whose hearts are true or something like that?  

SkinnyFATS is my Brigadoon of dining establishments.  You have to have a heart that's true to navigate the mysterious vortex that is Dean Martin and Sunset - but stick to it, fellow diners!  For when you arrive at SkinnyFATS you're in for some great food.  

Yesterday I went and ordered The Sweet Cheese Us sammich with a side of fruit.  I wanted the truffle fries so badly, as they are Heavenly but I'm watching my figure.  The side of fruit was nice though - not just a sad cup of melon with the solitary grape that is so standard in the world of fruit sides.  This side of fruit had watermelon, honeydew, lots of grapes, pineapple and some cantaloupe.  Jackpot!  The Sweet Cheese Us was delicious.  I was trying to come up with the perfect description for it and it hit me - it's an artisan Philly cheese-steak.  Or maybe a couture cheese-steak would be more appropriate.  Pick one, it doesn't matter because it's delicious.  The shaved NY Strip used is tender and tasty, the caramelized onions a perfect, and the portabello mushrooms are a nice touch.  

The prices seem a little steep - but the portions are HUGE.  Here's a tip - go with a friend and split a sandwich.  I was alone yesterday and barely put a dent in my meal.  Another nice little tip to save dollars - don't order a beverage because they provide complimentary cucumber lemon water that is so cold and refreshing.  I had already ordered a soda and regretted that as soon as I took a swig of their special water.  

Anyway, good luck finding it - the location is tricky.  But if you follow your heart (and your GPS is calibrated) you're in for a great meal!
I dig the wood paneled shabby chic interior and the skinny/healthy or fat/happy concept so everyone can eat. 

The BF were at a awkward time where we needed to get something to eat, but not be too full so that we couldn't eat dinner later with friends so we decided to split some items. 

The Cherry Popper came recommended by the guy at the counter so we went with that. Now I loved the flavor components, enjoyed the banana peppers and sauce, but the burger was way too wet. The patty came piping hot and was not rested so the red juices were still oozing out and the slaw/banana peppers were also wet ingredients that contributed to the lake the bottom bun sopped up within minutes. No one loves wet bread so they should toast the buns well, let the meat rest and strain the accompaniments to make this burger the superb star it could be. My picture shows there is a puddle between my burger and fries. You get a choice of side and we grabbed truffle fries which I thought was seasoned perfectly and had a nice crisp. I like that they offer jalapeno ketchup as well on the table! 

We also got supposedly the most popular item on the menu according to the guy at the counter - the seared ahi taco. We just picked the two popular items to try than delve off it. It was just aight. The components were fresh enough, but the flavor wasn't anything wowing. Good, not great. I also am someone who believes deeply in heating the tortilla to give it a nicer pliable texture but this was just straight out of the bag wheat tortilla. After the fact I see in pictures CRUNCHY tacos and on their website describe a "puffed shell" that probably would be way better and my opinion would have been different. We weren't asked if we wanted crunchy or soft so I don't know if you have to ask or they substituted.

I like the ideas of what they are doing here, the menu ideas are all very enticing. Maybe it was a slightly off day, but it's the execution that fell short for me. Details make a winner. If our bun wasn't soggy and our tortilla was nice and chewy this was a very easy 4 stars. I will be back though to give them another shot though as I suspect there's gotta be something bringing people to this inconvenient location. 

FYI There will be a 2nd location opening up on Durango and Warm Springs which while not in my hood, is very convenient as we're always at our friends home in the SW. Keep an eye out as there is just a coming soon sign in the shopping center Mac Shack is in.
I think I am one of the first to get to experience this place and let me just say ..ah now this is what I needed. It's like a Tropical Smoothie meets Greens and Proteins meets Coffee Shop that was spliced with a healthy Egg Works. Lots of options meat, salads and vegetarian dishes, breakfast, coffee, smoothies. I can see this as being a healthy option for those doing shows, working out, training for fights, on Paleo or looking to indulge while staying healthy.

I ordered three things, I like to eat what can I say? The best I can do to stifle my inner fat kid is to force-feed him healthy meals a majority of the time. 3 steps forward, one step back. Anyway, I got the bison cheeseburger, PH breakfast, and BBQ chicken bowl with quinoa (with BBQ sauce flavored with stevia instead of sugar, damn they're on it for those of you that like to drizzle sauce all over your food). A little more expensive from most places but about on par when I'm ordering things like bison, which isn't cheap. When I first started eating it, of course I wanted to compare it to Greens and Proteins but it's not really the same thing. Greens and protein is healthy and has good health alternatives for vegans and vegetarians but outside of several items it lacks sufficient protein options for me. So where Greens and Proteins lacks Protein House makes up in protein (meat, chicken, egg whites), alternatives for customized shakes, and smoothies, and easier to stay within how my friends and I eat. So can't really compare the two, they're both good. It's like comparing apples and oranges, both fruit, but they are both in different categories. 

 In any event, they're still working out some kinks but this place has the potential to continue expanding and get better. Now I know some of you picky eaters will complain that it's just okay but I also heard this from the same person who dislikes fish and complains at sushi restaurants. Wtf! Hey it might just not be your thing. But it's simple, if you need your protein, you need your veggies, you need your carbs and you need healthy, this is the spot. This isn't necessarily a place I would go to indulge but it is exactly the place I would go to keep me on track during the week so I can indulge later in the weekend. (See fat kid reference above.)
We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon to experience this new place.  I am pretty open when it comes to my food even with watching calories.  

I ordered the PH Pancakes and my hubby ordered the Bison Burger wrapped in lettuce.  The pancakes were a nice multigrain, whey protein and it seems like a touch of cinnamon.  I have to say they were awesome.  My six egg whites were delivered on the side and were good as well.  I mean, you can't mess up egg whites.  My hubby was disappointed in the Bison burger as he felt it was rather bland, nor real seasoning at all.  

Now, the reason I gave them 3 stars was all about the service. Service here is horrible.  We ordered our food and it took 45 mins for it to all be completed.  There were two other couples that ordered ahead of us and were already seated when we walked in the door to order.  Several other groups of people were served before we were including the two couples already seated.  I went up to ask if our order was misplaced.  My hubbies burger had been sitting on the counter for 10 mins and they didn't call us as they were still making my order of pancakes.  
One of the other couples there said they had the same problem. 

Now the place itself is a great industrial design.  But they have the music blaring so loud that  you literally have to be sitting next to the kitchen to hear when your name is called for your food. 

If you are into healthy food, I have to agree they are good but if you can, call ahead for pick up because the wait is just not fun. And be prepared to pay a little higher for your food than other places.
A new restaurant in the valley named Protein House.  With a name like that, of course I need to see what's really going on.  Located off Eastern Avenue near LVAC and Gold's Gym, Protein House is another restaurant that offers healthy eats with a ton of protein. But to me, PH is not just another healthy meal stop. PH offers smoothies, breakfast, burgers, bowls, and salads. To order, you can either go straight to the counter and place your order off their menu. Or, you can take their order checklist, select your meal, and then hand it to the counter.  You also have the option to build your own burger, salad, and bowl.  Because this was my first visit, I decided on their biggest and baddest burger, their Muscle Builder Burger. This burger is 12 oz of ground Bison, onions, cheese, and Canadian bacon all served in a whole wheat bun. I had this medium well and swear that this is one of the best bison burgers I have ever had.  Most exotic meats like bison come gamey and with no taste. Here at PH, they found a way to create this burger with flavor.  By the way, trying to up your protein for the day? This burger has to be close to 70 grams of protein.  Yeah buddy!

As for the restaurant itself, I felt that it is a little small. But I love the ambiance, decor, and service. One things for sure, there's a ton of fit peeps eating here. I also got the opportunity to meet one of the owners, Andrew Bic. To be successful in any venture, it comes down to how you treat people. Andrew got this right. He took the time to chat it up, ask for suggestions, and gave a little insight of what PH is all about.  I didn't get the chance to meet the other owner, Larissa  Reis, but look forward to it on future visits.  If you're use to the taste that a 1000 calorie burger joint has to offer, then maybe Protein House is not for you.  If you're looking for some quality macros with high amounts of protein in a burger, then give Protein House a shot.  

Wish List:
-Ostrich:  With about the same amount of protein as steak and with calories/fat that rival chicken, I think ostrich should be on their menu.
-Nutritional Information:  For a place that specializes in selling healthy meals, I think this information is necessary.  Per the owner, this is in the works with a dietitian.

PS: Like all other healthy eating locations (i.e Whole Foods, Greens & Protein, etc), expect a higher price tag here.  But through their build-your-own, you can actually get a meal fairly cheap.
I gave this place two tries......I thought the first time was just a hiccup because they were newly opened and they needed to get their groove together. 
BUT I WAS WRONG!

When I pickup a takeout order I always look in each box to make sure everything is right, I failed to do so this time!  I took a quick peek at a few boxes, seemed to be right but I was wrong!!!
When I got back to the office we opened our boxes and two out of four were wrong.  The two that were wrong were mixed up.  I drove back, they remade it but did not seem concerned about the quality of their services. 
One staff member tried to bring me a left over smoothie to help out, cool dude..left over?  Uggh no thanks. 

About a week later the office wanted to try it again, so this time I made sure to look in the boxes....well 3 out of 4 were right!  Of course, mine was the one they messed up on AGAIN!  I even looked in the box and it seemed to look good. 

I did the "make your own bowl"  but I guess what I had asked for was too complicated for them because they ended up making a signature bowl they already offer.  

ON THE TICKET/RECEIPT it is listed correctly so I do not know who is being lazy in the kitchen!  

I did not go back to fix it, it just wasnt worth my time. 

I probably will not try this place again unless I am forced to.
Delicious and truly a healthy clean meal.
I stopped in for a smoothie and a bite to eat since I was in the neighborhood. My green drink and vegetarian bowl were tasty. The place has modern decor.There is an open kitchen so you can see what is happening while it is happening. Plenty of staff to help get your order out quickly. I would like to see the menu expand a bit to compete with other healthy choices like Greens and Proteins.
Delicious... nutritious... Great atmosphere, friendly staff. This just became my new favorite place.
My partner and I tried this place for the first time last night. We really looked forward to it because of its great location, health-minded orientation, and menu offerings. While this place is a great idea and has unimaginable potential, they are not quite there yet with her food preparation. I had the teriyaki bowl to start. The menu offers rice and quinoa, but I was left without the option when she took my order. I settled for rice, which is not my favorite, and was quickly disappointed by it being undercooked. After giving them the benefit of the doubt and not yet having my hunger satisfied, we ordered the bison burger that the rest of the reviews suggested. It is a big mean burger, that is for sure, but again we were disappointed with the food preparation. She gave us the option of how we wanted the meat cooked and we requested it be cooked "medium." Unfortunately, the meat was cooked very well done. Like I said before, the restaurant and its food has so much potential, but the way it is prepared influences and is impressionable on its customers most. If customers are going to be given the option I'm have something will be cooked, then that is how it should be cooked. I was under the impression that the folks who are running the grill we're under experience, and therefore we would be willing to give this place a second chance.
Why so serious...I thought as I looked around at the staff on a slow Saturday afternoon. I was going to place my purse on the floor near my chair as I waited for my "fresh"  made-to-order Super Power juice but stopped when I saw stickiness on the floor. The glass table was just as grungy. Hoping the juice would make up for the sloppy table area, I waited...a long time. 

I sipped and wanted to spit it out. It tasted spoiled! I juice at home frequently with a Vita Mix and now a Ninja. I know these flavor profiles very well and like them a lot when they are made fresh. I couldn't believe my taste-buds. How could fresh juice taste spoiled? I did something I rarely do. I went back to complain. The lady smiled and offered me another type. I tried the Detox, substituted cucumbers for celery. Although this one didn't have the Blah factor of the first one, I threw it out anyways because it tasted old. 

When she was preparing my second juice the mystery of spoiled juice was revealed. This IS NOT FRESH JUICE. They have plastic containers in the fridge where they pour out OLD juice made in the morning, (the way my first juice  tasted SPOILED, I doubt its all made in the morning. You don't have room for fresh veggies? ( That's what I was told), what else don't you have room for? Now I get why the staff looked so serious. I hope the owners fix this soon. Paying 6.99 for stale juice is fraudulent when people are thinking they are getting fresh juice.
Healthy and Clean Eating is what is emphasized here and they have it down. I love it! It's been popping up on my Yelp radar (aka the mobile app) among some of my clean eating, gym addict friends..(yeah you Mel C!) 

I went for their Signature Vegetarian bowl and the Green Monster Juice. The huge bowl came with tasty fluffy quinoa and steamed asparagus, mushrooms broccoli, red peppers, and I know I'm missing mentioning other veggies but I loved it, I'm hooked! The juice was also good but my cup couldve been fuller with more juice and less foam. 

The place is pretty busy and table seating wise not enough especially when some are taking up table space with their nose buried in the laptops only. That was annoying.  Otherwise, the dining and lounge area is pretty chill.  

Next time I'm going to try the "Create Your Own" Bowl though. I didn't realize you can do this till I got up to leave.  NOTE to PH: It would be helpful if staff would ask their customers if it was there first time there and if so, let them know you can order from set menu or direct them to the tables on the side where you choose what you want for your order. I thought those menus were there for info sakes and tables to lean on while waiting..lol ..but now I know what to do next time I have lunch there.
I drank two whey protein shakes two different times and got sick. The food taste terrible. I seen the cook touch the trash bin and appliances then prepare food with his bare hands right after.

Overall disgusting,no flavor and very very very dirty.
The surroundings are a cut above the typical fast food restaurant and the staff is very friendly.  The PH Burger was delicious! It is a nice place to have a healthy meal.  Ill definitely be back!
Absolutley outstanding! Was visiting Vegas from my home back in Alaska and since im a health freak and am very strict on what I eat, I surely enough found Protein House while searching for healthy restaurants in Vegas. Came here on my fourth day in Vegas and the food was fantastic! Also ordered a strawberry banana protein shake to go along with the chicken salad I ordered. My mom enjoyed here chicken salad as well as my grandmother who enjoyed her burger. Will most defiantly make a trip here again when I visit Vegas next year. The restaurant was clean, quiet, wasnt to busy the time we came, and our food was made quick. Wish we had a place like this back home. Overall I had an amazing experience with Protein House.
Created by bodybuilders with customers who are into fitness and their health in mind, Protein House's offerings fit in perfectly with those who are eating clean, or trying to.  Located conveniently across the street from the Gold's gym on Eastern near Serene and down the street from LVAC, this has been a good spot for us to eat post-workout.  Breakfasts, burgers, bowls, salads, juices, and smoothies are on the menu, with options to choose from one of PH's creations or make your own, which I prefer.  I've had a turkey bowl and a sirloin steak bowl, with either the quinoa or brown rice, adding mushrooms, tomatoes,or broccoli.  I monitor the portion sizes of my protein and carbs, and PH's menu helps by listing the ounces of their servings knowing that there are other people like me who want to know those details.  Andrew, the co-owner and the picture of muscle and fitness himself, has been there each time we've eaten there, manning the register and always checking on us after we get our orders. He said that nutritional info for all the menu items is coming soon, which will be another feather in PH's cap.  Eat clean, train mean -  try Protein House if this is your mantra.
On the recommendation from Mel, Terri and Shirley, I decided to check this place out.  It seems to be a fitting place for me.  So, I met fellow Yelper Loren and her boyfriend for lunch.  Protein House is in a strip mall in Green Valley.  I didn't have any problems finding the place nor parking.  I walked in and sat down and checked out the menu.  They have a pretty extensive menu that could fill all of my nutritional needs.  I decided to go with a protein bowl, called the Lolo bowl.  The bowl had Chocolate Whey Protein, strawberries, blueberries, bananas, and oats.  It was really filling and a perfect treat for a hot summer day.

Loren and Skyler had a Mahi Tuna sandwich that looked amazing.  The decor was interesting.  There was a wall full of posters of hot fitness competitors, called the wall of fame.  

I am pretty sure that I would return here to have a P.W.O. meal again.  

I would love to see a nutritional breakdown for their meals there.  I am one that keeps tracks of my macros.  That would be a great touch.
One of the most frustrating things as a consumer is to feel the need to check your take out order for accuracy before walking out. I should have known from my 25-minute observation while waiting for our 2-item order that I should not have stepped foot out of this place without checking my order. So, here I am stuck with a lunch I won't eat. I ordered ahi, cooked all the way through... No pink, I explicitly stated. Ahi I got was as pink as can be. I ordered brown rice. No rice to be found. I tried calling the restaurant just to let them know and it goes straight to voice mail.   Anyway, maybe I'll give this place another chance, but I'd better make sure that I have a good 30-minutes to wait for my food.
Was really excited when they opened up. There are limited healthy options in this side of town as we have way too many chain and fast food establishments. Had high hopes for this spot. Tried it last night and was disappointed. 

Ordered two Italian Stallion salads. Two salads are quite pricy ($12 each) and came to just over $25. For that price we expected great salads. To our shock the salads were TEENY tiny. After leaving a tip, paying almost $30 - we were given two salads that we both finished in about three bites. The chicken portion was very small and laughable. The "dressing" was clumpy and looked "off" (we used our own vinaigrette). If I was to guess I would also assume these salads were not made fresh and prepackaged, as the lettuce was wilting and soft, had some brown edges and asparagus was soggy? 

Hard to mess up a salad but somehow they managed it. Felt slighted for the amount spent. Next time I want a good salad I will go to Cafe RIO next door and save $$$. 

Going to wait some time and give PH some time to make improvements to their menu and operations before I return. It's a great concept, just need to step up quality and adjust prices slightly to better reflect the area. Have seen way too many places come and go in that immediate area. Hope they can make it!
This is my favorite place to go for a meal post workout or anytime when I'm craving meals that are conducive to a healthy lifestyle. My favorite thing on the menu so far is the "PH burger". It's a bison meat burger with an incredibly fresh wheat bun.

The environment is relaxed with an upbeat vibe. EDM is typically playing throughout the day, which keeps the atmosphere young. The restaurant itself is clean and well maintained by a staff, and the owners, who care about food, fitness and their customers. 

No complaints about this place other than the chairs being a little squeaky ;)
I was not impressed by this place at all. I love seeing restaurants with a sort of healthy theme but this place is skippable. 

I came in late one evening and ordered a veggie and rice bowl. The restaurant was not busy and yet it was a mess. Where I stood to order my food you can see the kitchen area and there was food every where on the floor. If it were busy, it would be understandable. 

After ordering, I sat down to wait for my order to get made and realized that one table was customers and another was employees and friends of theirs. The dining area had boxes, papers and junk all over the place. The floor was dirty and so were most of the tables. This annoyed me because it seemed they were almost over staffed and yet it was a huge mess in the place. They did chose to make the restaurant mostly white so I am sure this is why the mess stands out so much. 

They had music playing and it was that music you would hear in a 'pump you up' cycling class. It was way too loud! I asked for a to go box and felt like we need to shout to hear each other. Too much. Who wants to eat with harsh base beats pulsing in their ears? That can not be healthy. 

I ordered the veggie bowl with brown rice. It was decent but, I would not go out of my way to come back here. I do not remember if it seemed over priced or anything but the experience as a whole was 'meh'.

If I heard that things improved at this place I might give it another go but for now I will be passing.
My health crazed boss got me so excited when she told me about the Protein House because she said the menu items were healthy an tasted Great but I was less then pleased. 

I ordered a BBQ chicken bowl with brown rice and added pineapple. The BBQ sauce is supposed to be healthier because they use Splenda instead of actual sugar and the taste DEFINITELY suffers. I also thought the portion of the bowl was small for $10 but i did get full really fast. 

I love the idea of the place and I want it to do well but this is more of a place to go when you want to eat out but not feel guilty about it, but like any place that promotes healthy food suffers in the taste department.
No more juices..that means no more Green Monster Juice....waah...the person taking my order said they stopped making juices because it was not in demand, hard to keep ingredients in stock and it's hard to make? You still can order smoothies though and they did manage to come close to making my drink, just in smoothie form. Still 4 star worthy since I like the ingredients to make my custom bowl of Quiona,Turkey Burger, Pineapple with Cilantro Lime dressing.
I am going to steal Molly's description when I say this place looks like Greens and Proteins, if Greens and Proteins were a night club. It is located in the plaza off of Eastern and Richmar near Grimaldis.The restaurants is spacious with a modern flair to it. It had abundant seating between the sleek tables and comfy couches. The menu had standards items, or you could build your own masterpiece of healthy deliciousness. They serve breakfast, burgers, salads, bowls, juices and smoothies. I opted for the Greek Bowl: ground up turkey burger, roasted tomato, black olives, feta cheese, cucumber, and red onion. These items come on top of your choice of either brown rice or quinoa; I went with quinoa. I tossed some sriracha in there, because I am an addict and I admit it. It tasted phenomenal and the portion size was enough for two meals. The price was a bit steep - $9.99 plus tax for the bowl. The Yelp check in was 10% off, but I am not sure if they still have that promotion. It is definitely a great option for when you are trying to eat well, but not skimp on the flavor. The staff was friendly and patient. I am excited to try more of their menu.
The Protein House on Eastern in Las Vegas Left Me Disappointed

My hubby and I are kind of health nuts, by that I mean we work out 5-6 days per week and eat a 98% non processed vegan diet.

I was with my son at Sams Club right nearby and was starving, so I thought that I would go out and check out the Protein House. I thought for sure it would be a healthy menu that I could get something I would not regret eating.

Walking in the Protein House, I felt a little uncomfortable, there was a huge guy, likely a body builder or fighter hovering over the cashier, and he didn't seem extremely friendly. But, I did take this as a good sign that bodies were the focus in this place and I liked that. 

I was right, it is a healthy menu, however I do have a problem with a place that calls itself the "Protein House" or "Greens and Proteins" for that matter and they have not gotten with the times, that a lot of people do not eat meat anymore. This place does get "kudos" for having a vegan protein on the menu, which Greens and Proteins does not, but its vegetarian and vegan options for food are a little on the "down low."

Why don't you have tofu options for your salads, bowls, etc? or Gardein? Heck the Yardhouse has an entire Gardein menu, get a clue!

They have a black bean and quinoa veggie burger and a veggie bowl. The veggie bowl can be quinoa or brown rice and I love both, but they don't come with a sauce. So, I asked what the sauce was and they looked at me like I was crazy. It doesn't come with a sauce they said, do you want a sauce on the side, and I said yes. What do you have? 

The girl was very nice and said we have bbq, teriyaki, balsalmic, blah blah many others. Ok, so I went with teriyaki as I am vegan and I figured this would be the least likely to get messed up with some cheese or cream or something so I chose that one. I specifically asked for NO mushrooms, its the one veggie that I hate.

I had to ask how to get my bottle of water and it was uncomfortably quiet in there while I waited for my food, except for the massive TV with the SF 49r's game on and my six year old which were great contributions to the action. They have a table set up in the back that appears to be their office, I found that tacky... now I have some ideas if they want them to make that table cool and fit the theme, like make it a judges table, autograph table or nutrition booth or something, but to sit out there in the public like that is just unprofessional. 

When I did receive my food, it was FULL of mushrooms, but I was starving and it wasn't meat or cheese so I attempted to pick them out as I went along. The veggies were gorgeous, asparagus, peppers, cauliflower, zucchini and the quinoa was cooked perfectly. My only suggestion is for them not to cut the veggies up so small, this is the main part of the veggie dish and they were diced teeny tiny seeming like I was still missing the main dish.

Oh, the sauce... well the first sauce was my teriyaki and it looked creamy! How does teriyaki get creamy? I don't know, but I'm not eating it. I asked for something else, I got the balsamic. It looked chunky and not like any balsamic I have ever seen. So, unfortunately my opinion on the sauces is very poor. If you serve a bowl of any kind, don't you need a sauce?

I guess I'm the only one who ever asked for a sauce as they looked at me like an alien when I asked for one. Last but not least. SALT. I know, its not the best for you, but I need flavor on my food.

At the Protein House, I walked around and found pepper but no salt. And, they couldn't find salt. I mean I know you are a bunch of manly and womanly body builder types, but 99% of the population wants some salt on their food.

They finally found me some in the kitchen in a cabinet and had to put it in a little dish for me. Wow, Gordon Ramsay would have had a hay day with that episode.

All in all, I appreciate the whole idea of the place, its supposed to be trendy and focused on body building, but they have to be realistic that the bodybuilding population is such a small percentage of their potential revenue, that they have to open their minds to all the other healthy people out there that might want to eat there.

After today, I will not go back, unless of course I see a change of the way I was treated or (sized up), the menu and the atmosphere. Otherwise if they were going on food only, minus the mushroom mistake, the food concept is one that I would love!
This place is nicely decorated and ambiance is nice.  They always have fitness magazines scattered throughout in order for you to read. They even gave away some preworkout powder on the counter.

Also there is no fountain soda drinks, just tea from what I can see.

I had the PH burger with sweet potatos and it was surprisingly very delicious.
This is definitely a bodybuilder's/fitness paradise!!! If you want unhealthy, deep fried, useless calorie dense meals, this is NOT the place for you. Wish we had one of these joints in AZ!!!! The price is a bit high but for healthy food that nourishes your body/muscles, you can't put a price tag on that. I ordered the Sexy bitch bowl with lime/cilantro vinaigrette. Super tasty & healthy. My sister ordered the Aloha Ahi burger with sweet potatoes. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!
I've been here a couple times mainly because I didn't feel like cooking my own protein meal/making a juice/shake. I've had their Teriyaki Bowl with quinoa and their Muscle Burger as a lettuce wrap. It actually looks like they've changed their menu since I've last been here... they don't have juices anymore but I've had a juice that was called like the Hang Over Cure or something... and some other juice that tasted a bit better than whatever was in the hang over one.

The Teriyaki bowl was okay. The salmon was a bit dry. The bowl could have used more sauce/flavor. I was really hungry when I was eating it and rushing over to a photo shoot though, so I wasn't exactly sitting and enjoying the meal, moreso shoveling it into my mouth.

The muscle burger as a lettuce wrap was impossible to eat as a lettuce wrap. I had to take my knife and fork to it. And there definitely wasn't enough lettuce or onions. Really just a ton of meat and cheese. And it definitely wasn't cooked medium. I only got this because the owner, at least I'm assuming the owner, recommended it. I barely put a dent into this monster when my stomach decided it wanted nothing more to do with it. I knew I should have asked for it without the cheddar cheese, but I didn't, and I literally couldn't function for the rest of the day. I'm assuming the cheese and resulting grease was the culprit as I've been on a really clean diet for a couple months already.  I took the rest home where I discarded the cheese. The meat ended up tasting pretty bland. The sweet potatoes were good though.

I haven't been a fan of the customer service. The girls at the counter always seem aloof, looking like the girls who get dolled up to go to the gym and act like they're better than you. The other workers who look like body builders just seem to keep to themselves. The only friendly interaction I've had with a worker was the guy who recommended the muscle burger to me.
Awesome Salmon salad!   Hugh piece of salmon on a fluffy bed of super
fresh field greens!  Seasoned perfectly not drenched with dressing!  
The BEST espresso!    Thick gigantic smoothies!   Healthy, diverse menu! 
COOL URBAN decor filled with  "beautiful"  people dining inside, 
on the patio and working behind the counter!...
Clean, contemporary, healthy...have to go back!
Their protein pancakes with egg whites were amazing great service , their southwestern bowl is also one of my favs 
Would recommend this place to everyone
This is an interesting place and has some potential. This was my first time here, however, I do like to cook and eat healthy meals myself.

The food was OK, the meat was a bit bland and seemed to lack even the basic flavor. I think with some work this place can turn around and tailor to everyone who enters the door. Not yet though.
Greens and Proteins on actual steroids. The walls are covered in bodybuilder photos, and the food is actually cooked rather than assembled down the way at Greens. 

It is pricey, though. The cheapest thing on the menu is a $4.99 post-workout shake that is frothy and fluffy and delicious and a good thing for my post-yoga muscles. The bowls will run you $10-14, but I definitely have had enough for two meals so it's not too terrible. 

Parking is kind of a drag since it is in a very cramped shopping center, especially during the lunch rush since there are so many places to eat in here. Recommended for healthy options in this area!
My girlfriend and I went to this place when we were doing the 30 day Paleo diet. Parking lot is packed so give yourself a couple minutes extra if your on a time constraint. Walking in feel pretty welcoming with lots of things to look at. We ordered the bison burger without bread and was pleased with how it tasted. This is not gonna be a gourmet burger but when trying to eat healthy it really did hit the spot.

The item on their menu we liked most was the real fruit smoothies. It didnt seem like it had any added sugars or even those fake sugars like turbinado or aspartame.

Really liked the fact that you cant even choose to drink a soda because they don't have any.

Pricing will seem a bit high but I think its mostly spot on with how expensive organics and grass fed beef stuff is.

Owner seems really nice.

I have one complaint and its really a small one. When we were there they were running one of those little vacuums that is only a little noisy. I don't know if the owner is OCD but a vacuum while eating is just an itty bitty complaint. The place is really spotless.

All in all I really like t his place for giving me a choice to go to for when I'm trying to eat clean. There really isn't a lot of places like that in Vegas. I am going to go back as I find that its worth it.
Southwest bowl w brown rice. Was delcious! I have no complaints about the food and speed of service. I was not greeted upon entering or even acknowledged. So that needs some customer service work but the food was made promptly and accurately and tasted great.
Diamond one of the workers so helpful and informational. I'm a macro counter so I sometimes ask the macro count of foods, they didn't have it off the top of their head but they knew where they could get it. 

The place it modern and has photos of bodybuilders all over the place, I can see it being some what intimidating makes it look like a "GYM BRO" atmosphere but after you get past that its cool and chill, I honestly don't mind it I think it motivation. Along with the decor a nice big TV for you to watch the games! 

They have a wall for titled "who's in da house?" with bodybuilders, fighters and other famous people that have been to Protein house.

I for one spent a lot there the first time 70$+ 0.o but I did order 4 things... and purchased a shirt. The food items are high quality worth the price.

They just need to open on in summerlin then I'd be a happy camper!
I felt like I had just walked into the free weight area of Gold's Gym or stepped onto the Jersey Shore, lots of steroids and meatheads. 

Kinda went here on a whim, wanted something healthy and wanted to try somewhere besides Greens & Proteins. It was both my friend and my first time here, the girl at the counter didn't seem interested in offering any suggestions or helping us. I decided to try the Greek Signature Bowl, turkey burger, tomato, black olives, feta, cucumber and red onion, and I chose quinoa for the carb. This was really lacking in flavor and for $9.99 I was really disappointed. I also didn't like that they didn't have the nutritional value available.

They don't sell soda or have a soda machine, yet they sell Crystal Lite and have 10+ sugar free syrups behind the counter, artificial sugar is just as bad as soda. 

I don't see myself returning. If I'm going to spend the money I'd rather go to Greens & Proteins.
If you're crunched for time and you're looking for a clean option they are great. The service is so so at best. Make sure you double check your order before you leave and expect to wait at least 15 minutes. I honestly think what I cook is better - BUT if you need to eat out and you want something clean this is the place to do it. I tried the bison burger and the black bean burger. Both were okay and the sweet potatoes that they came with deserve better - they were soggy and the seasoning was off.
So far so good at protein house, my go to is the Italian stallion and the Greek bowl with brown rice. I actually tried out some type of choc brownie this week and surprisingly it was unreal ..... Not sure how healthy it was but def tasted great ! Recommend protein house for after work out meal
Healthy food, fresh ingredients, generous servings and close to the gyms!  A fitness fanatics paradise.  I've read a few other reviews on here & if you're not into "clean eating" than this place probably isn't for you.  

The food isn't doused in sodium, there aren't any soda machines & their condiment options include stevia.  Now this is health at its best.  Don't let the wall of bodybuilders intimidate you.  If anything, the staff is really friendly.  My only complaint is that my muscle-head BF & I would love to see another location in N. Las Vegas :)
I love all the food they serve! It's always fresh and healthy--everything a fitness junkie eats all in one place. However, the only bad thing I can say about the place is how my order always seems to get messed up in one way or another every time I order here. Whether it be something added that I didn't want or something that I did want that's not put on the plate, it happens every time! I also don't like how they do not keep the restaurant clean at all times. Whenever I'm there, there's crumbs on the floor or tables not cleaned up after, which I guess the white tile, walls, and furniture don't help to hide but still, ewww. There's always at least five to six people working so I would think they would keep it clean at all times. Other than that the atmosphere is really chic, plus it makes me feel expensive and healthy all at the same time. I would recommend that if you were to order a breakfast item, to get the Protein Pancake Combo! I'm addicted, it is so good and so is every other item on the menu.
Located in the old Illy Espresso place, next to Grimaldi's, this place is perfect for a quick healthy bite--breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  I came around brunch time on a weekday.  Patrons consisted of alotta gym folk and lunch break goers, but it wasn't crazy busy so it was a good place for me to get some work done (free wifi, plus a couple of outlets for electronics--yay!).  

I really like their bowls.  Fresh in quality and flavor.  I made my own bowl which consisted of steak, red onions, tomatoes, mushroom, cilantro, and feta over quinoa with a side of cilantro-lime vinaigrette.  It came out to about $14--not bad considering the quality of the food.  I also tried the lolo bowl (~$8), which was chocolate/peanut butter whey concoction, topped with granola, honey, strawberries, and bananas.  The foods really filling, and I had leftovers for another meal.  

Service wasn't bad.  They serve things up on real plates and clean up after you when you leave.  The place is really well-kept and clean--including the bathrooms.  The back walls and bathroom are decorated with a bunch of pictures of fitness folk--bulging muscles and all--not my cup of tea, but I don't mind it.  They also have a huge TV for patrons to catch the latest sports highlights.

Overall, a good healthy option to try.
I went here a couple of weeks ago for lunch with a co-worker.. I had the berry lovers salad which was decent.. however the customer service I received was not the best. I am a larger person..not a body builder or slim by any means.. when someone is there spending their money on a service you provide.. it might be best not to make a comment to a co-worker to "check out this chick" and then have that co-worker look at me and laugh. Keep in mind .. customers are what keep you in business and employed.. if you need to make a comment or laugh.. best not to do it when the customer can see and hear you..
Finally get to try this place! This was definitely on the top of my list to do while here in Vegas, hit up Gold's gym and post workout grub here at protein house. Food are amazing! Bison burger tastes like its made from heaven, friendly staff, from owners to their kitchen guys everyone are so nice! Sucks that we don't have protein house in San Diego :/
Pretty good to come eat and have a shake after the gym!

Pretty pricey, BUT what healthy place isn't? 

The shakes were tasty and the food was pretty good!

I'd come back.
Sitting in fun atmosphere but 20 min to make a shake is not a reason to come back.  It's now 255 and I walked In at 230 for a muscle freak and there aren't a lot of people  here. Some people are getting their foods before me as they ordered AFTER ME. it's bad customer service :( not coming back as quick as I thought I would.
I really like this place.  A tad pricey, but reasonable considering they are serving real food and folks, real food costs more.  Serving sizes are generous, unlike many health oriented restaurants, and mine (teriyaki bowl with salmon) was perfectly prepared.  Salmon was moist and the vegetables still had some crunch. I would recommend it highly.   Oh the service.  Yes they do seem a bit disconnected, but not a big deal IMHO.   

I hope they make it.  The world needs more dining options like this one.
Healthy and tasty!
This is the big difference between them and greens and proteins. For who says they are expensive they make me laugh. The food averages between 10$ and 15$. I don't understand where they go to get a meal for less money  than that, McDonald maybe. They are always very polite. The cappuccino and smoothies are also very good.
---Rant---

If I could give this place **more than 5 stars***, I would~

Service-wise, I got a pretty good description of the food from a few different servers/staff.  In fact, the first time I was ordering their Peanut Butter Dream (protein shake) and asked for 3 extra scoops, the huge guy behind the counter (who I assume is also the owner) said "no you don't want that because each scoop is 25 grams of protein, so that plus the peanut butter and the egg white..."  I was totally stoked when he said that because most places like Jamba Juice and such give you a measly 10 grams of protein per scoop, which is total weaksauce!  Protein House gives you a whopping 25 grams of whey protein per scoop as well as different flavors!  EXCELLENT~

So over the course of a 7 day climbing trip, I ate here 5 days, mostly for dinner.  Tried the PH Hash, a DOUBLE Bison burger, their Quinoa Bowl, all of which were amazing, tasty, and most importantly for me, LOADED with protein!

Bodybuilding must be big in Vegas because the walls were plastered with signed autographs of some seriously hot IFBB Figure Competitors like Larissa Reis (actually there was A LOT of Larissa Reis all over the wall, and understandably so.  She's hot~).

My only negative comment is that there isn't one of these in California!!! I guarantee people in Newport Beach would pay more than what they charge in Henderson for this kind of quality and type of food!

Rock Climbing is like ALL DAY strength training/power lifting for your back/biceps/forearms.  Protein House gives me exactly what I need to recover from a long day of hard bouldering and class 3/class 4 hiking. I HIGHLY recommend this place if you want a great tasting, generously portioned, high protein meal for a reasonable price.


---Overall---

Service: A, stellar

Food: A+, amazing food, high quality

Atmosphere: A+, Larissa Reis...'nuff said.
A great place to go after a workout. The smoothies and bowls are pretty yummy. I'm a sucker for their pancakes. It can be pricey but it's pretty typical for a healthy joint.
Nice looking inside, but food was overpriced and over cooked and staff was a bit confused/unhappy. Food and Smoothie were both very bland. Owner or manager was very helpful though. It's possible they have just opened so it may get better. :)
Obviously a little pricey but then again its a health restaurant. I was already expecting it.

I ordered the LS Steak Burrito. It was really good. I love spicy so I was dipping it in Sriracha sauce but overall it was delicious. Very modern way of dining. EDM music playing.

Environment was clean and pretty good. Staff was friendly. I'm going to have to come back here a few times to have my final say but as of now, i wouldn't mind coming back
Love this place!! Had dinner here the last 2 days and have a feeling I'll be back often
How could you pass by a place with a name like Protein House and not stop in? This place is a bodybuilding fuel mecca. For those looking to eat clean with macros, portion sizes, or protein intake in mind this place can cater to your needs.

Upon visiting I elected to go for the $14.99 Muscle Builder burger cooked medium rare. Two bison burger patties topped with cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, and a slice of Canadian bacon on a wheat bun with a side of sweet potato sticks. In one word, this thing was phenomenal! I've had bison before, but this was the best I'd ever had. It's crazy how something so good for your body could taste so good. Upon ingesting, I immediately felt the nutrients rush to all of my major muscle groups and felt them start to grow! Slight exaggeration there, I apologize.

When I had originally ordered my meal, the cashier turned her iPad screen around and it allowed me to input a pre-calculated tip. After I did so, she gave me my water cup and I filled it myself. When my food order was up, I had to get up and grab it myself. Not certain why a tip was necessary for that, but now at least I'll know for next time. Also, don't forget to check-in with the Yelp app and receive 10% off your entire order!
Talk about some hearty healthy food but with flair since my first impression walked in was is this ultra lounge for body builders or workout fanatics. Really not often you walk into health conscious restaurant see lounge area that can sit down got just about every fitness magazine laid out for reading pleasure (from muscle & fitness, just about every one can think of) but yet still have bar stools and tables relax have meal. One more thought with different. If ever lost in the world of fitness or IFBB need too know who current just walk into the bathrooms. Think kind of weird but too each his own. 

Now what really matters the food. It was my first time so really had no idea direction too go. It decent size menu so had just about every healthy option can think of. I like  the way the menu is structured from bowls, salads, burgers, and drinks. Each list typical healthy options comes too if want switch around protein, carb, add, or build your own healthy creation. I stuck with standard since was my first time. I went with the Southwest Bowl and Berry Jubilee for my drink. The Southwest Bowl was AAAwesome! I went with whole wheat pasta for my carb choice between brown rice, quinoa, or whole wheat pasta. I loved the fact that it was HEARTY healthy bowl. I always associate healthy with bare minimum of portion. At Protein House not cheating you out of your protein/carb! The top sirloin was cooked too my exact temp and combine the avacado, roasted tomatoe, roasted red pepper, cheese, and black bean salsa. Nice light sauce neither oily, greasy, and just light/refreshing pasta bowl. I could eat healthy everyday. It between pricey and cheap so not sure if could eat Protein House style healthy everyday. But without doubt you get the most bang for your buck hands down compare too other health restaurants. Look forward too trying more of the menu.

The service was fabulous. One that make point not too go at the last second. Really wanted too try Protein House. 30 minutes is broader line. The whole staff never rushed us although my guilty conscious made me eat faster... Even when I apologize when we first walked in asked if ok they greeted us with smile and walked us through the menu for newbies.
Love coming to Protein House after a bball game for a smoothie or for a healthy lunch. Usually go with a berry berry blast smoothie. As far as food you can't mis, everything they have is healthy. I usually go with the PH Chopped Cobb or a Teriyaki Bowl. Prices are a little high but its worth it for the quality of food. There are many things on the menu that I would like to try so I will definitely be making a trip back soon.
A Bit expensive and didnt have much flavor compared to other healthy food places i have been to.
Just remember that A-OK and 3 stars is my way of saying "yes", this is a location worth visiting. And then you can make your own decision.........

On a recent business trip, I ended up in Henderson, staying just South of PH, just off So. Eastern. It made PH a convenient prepared food source; I did dinner on Tuesday early evening. I ordered their turkey burger with lettuce in place of a bun. And I also ordered a custom picked veggie bowl. All was good, and I also ordered a hot tea. 

My only issue with this type of specialty restaurant is the experience of entering and ordering. PH doesn't really make a "newbie" feel competent. Frankly, I didn't know where to go or what to look at when I entered. And when I mentioned that to the couple in front of me, they said only because they had been there before, did they know "the routine." 

While the young ladies at the counter were helpful, this wasn't my idea of a possible franchise-ready business. It was more a place made for those who had been before, and knew the "routine and menu." I hadn't been there before, and certainly didn't know their menu. I felt like the owner/s missed the point of going over the design of the "...first three minutes a client enters." 

Other than my nit-picking.......... I did enjoy my turkey burger and veggies. It was a much better option than where I used to go to when traveling....... high carb and high sugar entrees. Out my way it's called.......... "BBQ!"   :-)
The food was wonderful -- a great Larissa's lunch special (Sexy Bitch) with salmon, quinoa, avocado, broccoli, mushrooms, spinach -- and affordably priced.  The low rating was because of a noxious cigar smoke smell that led me to go back home and wash my hair and clothes. Someone was smoking a cigar just outside the entrance.  Every time the door opened (which was frequently; it's a busy place) the smell permeated the entire place (and we were sitting at a table nearly the farthest away from the door).  The staff (much closer to the door than us) had to have smelled it, and did nothing.  Finally, we gave up waiting for them to take some action, and spoke to the manager.  The manager did go out and apparently speak with the smoker -- but nothing changed! The smoker continued to smoke and the staff did not seem to do anything else. Disappointed to say this, but we will think twice before going back.
The foods ok, seems expensive but i don't know how much bison hamburger costs... the real problem is the wait time, 40 minutes for a burger and smoothie is a bit ridiculous. on top of that they give me the wrong side.  If they weren't apologetic / nice about it would have been a 1 star rating. 

i told the girl taking my order i didn't like sweet potato fries, so she was offering me alternatives, she said mashed potatoes? i say sure... little did i know she meant mashed SWEET potatoes... BUT they gave me sweet potato FRIES anyways! then when i told them i got mashed they gave me another side box with mashed sweet potatoes... so after spending 20+ dollars on a burger combo and a smoothie I'm going home with 2 orders of sweet potatoes i'll never eat... save your money and time, cook at home for cheaper, healthier, to your taste, and eat 20 minutes sooner.
Its an excellent place to eat. Go after you've done a workout and you'll be even happier with yourself. The portions are just right. 
The place gets busy, so don't be surprised if you wait a minute. But its worth it. The prices are fair because you get what you pay for, and that is wholesome delicious food. Definitely a must for fitness buffs and for people who enjoy healthy food.
I love this place great post workout meal. Lots of options to choose from.
So, I was super excited to try this place! However, the experience was not what I had hoped for.  The food was good! I will give them that! Expensive, but good.  The staff, was something else.  The cashier/order taker...horrible. Plain and simple.  She was rude, did not know how to answer any questions about the menu, and when taking the order wasn't asking important things like what do u want on your sandwich!  The restaurant was messy, dirty tables, things not stocked, ect. My favorite pRt was when we asked for lemon for iced tea, and she walked away from the cash register, picks up lemon wedges with her bare UNWASHED hand and just hands them to me. Really?? 

A young girl came in for the night shift, immediately started bussing tables, and cleaning up while the other cashier leaned against the counter and watched her! It was ridiculous! After paying $60 for 3 sandwiches and 2 drinks, I doubt highly that we will go back!
My new go to spot in vegas!

This place is awesome from the food to the customer service it was an awesome experience.

During a recent getaway myself and my girlfriend enjoyed an array of items on their menu.

Muscle boy breakfast = straight and forward everything was cooked my liking and delicious

thai monster w/ brown rice = delicious and highly curious on to whats in their peanut sauce marinade

steak breakfast burrito = best thing ever (keep in mind ive been on a chicken rice diet for the past few weeks so red meat was like crack at this moment) it was like the perfect helping of red meat and egg whites. 

gf had the salmon salad at that too was crazy flavorful and delicious.

we also tried a peanut butter protein smoothie = OH GOD (bigseanvoice) i seriously need to figure out how to make that thing.

While we were waiting the manager noticed our anxiousness and decided to have us try out some samples of a new smoothie they were working on. Its little aspects like this that really give an impression on the type of business theyre running. Even the busboys were nice to even see how our experience was when he picked up our plates. 

my only want would be a macro count on their menu cause im very curious to see the calorie count/macro ratios on some of their items.
Went in for breakfast this morning and had a great meal.  I had the pancakes with egg whites....wonderful meal.  My husband had the breakfast burrito and really enjoyed it.  Everything is freshly prepared and made to order. 

WE were really enjoying our time until we were ready to leave.  At this time, I watched as one of the employees climbed onto the food prep counter to grab a container of protein powder that was above her reach.  She stood on the food prep counter with her shoes on...yuck.  Would not have been that big of a deal...but she didn't disinfect the counter or even wipe it off before she started using the exact same surface to prepare a smoothie for the next customer.  She put fresh fruit and vegetables on the counter in the exact spot she was just standing.  She saw me watching her and didn't seem to think it was a big deal.  

I would assume this would violate a dozen or so health codes.  The bottom of shoes are filled with all kinds of disgusting things and belong no where near food prep.  After seeing this, I won't be back.  I don't think I can trust the cleanliness of the establishment.

This revelation makes me sad as I have always enjoyed my food here and raved about it.
My go to spot when I need good healthy food or a post meal workout. I've ate here several times and I am never disappointed. The food has great flavors and good portions. A must try from everyone!
I am writing an update. My husband and I decided to give this place another try and I am so glad I did. Their southwest bowl is my favorite. They have made some staff changes and our food came out within 10 minutes, which for a made to order, healthy food place thats excellent.
I was drawn to the Illy logo in the window... Clearly this is a place for consuming protein, yet I needed a coffee.  Compared to the Illy Cafe at The Palazzo which was a huge letdown, this little place made a fantastic espresso! You can get a bunch of stuff in your coffee like whey and sugared or non-sugared flavorings if that is your gig.  Oh, and lots of really fit people, so suck it in, people.
I had really high expectations for this place! The place its self is pretty cool i like all the pictures they got up on the walls & and the massive tv. i got the Aloha Burger with sweet potatoes on the side. The burger was a bit dry the chicken was a bit over cooked in my opinion. I also think its a bit pricy. Idk maybe next time ill have a better experience!
I really enjoy eating at 'the protein house'.  My husband and I go here regularly after working out.  The skinny bitch bowl is extremely tasty, as is everything else I have tried.  The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because there is no nutritional information posted.  I keep track of everything I eat and drink and would like to be able to be more precise when it comes to my Macro intake.  Otherwise great food!
The food is good for the most part. I've gotten a couple of things there now and they always forget my sauce. Every time. The sweet potato fries and mash are very bland. I know it's meant to be healthy, I get it, but when I cook for myself at home to make healthy things I add seasoning. 

The concept of the place is great and I really really want to like this place more but it's just cheaper and tastier to cook for yourself at home.
Great spot to keep you motivated for the New Year!! I don't think you can order something unhealthy here. Plus when you look around inside you want to immediately go to the gym after placing your order.
Went here tonight for the first time.  Surprisingly, they don't have a lot of vegetarian options so I ordered the berry acai bowl which was listed for $7.99 and recommended to me by a friendly female staff member. A friendly male staff member rang me up and told me it would be $10.00. I told him it's listed on the menu for $7.99. He said "oh, that's for the smoothies, the bowls cost more" Well, that would be ok if it were actually listed anywhere on the menu, but it clearly states "smoothies and acai bowls $7.99" I thought maybe it was just a mistake on the menu so I looked above where they have the entire menu written on chalk boards. Once again, clearly listed "smoothies and acai bowls $7.99" I then asked the female employee if the price listed was wrong. She said "yes, the bowls are more because there's more toppings" I said "then you really should change the prices on the menus" she said "I know, I told him (the owner, manager??) that". The whole thing just seemed wrong to me. On top of that, it wasn't even that good, I've had much better acai bowls for less money and considering they were in Orange County where things are usually more expensive, that's saying a lot.
This is by far THE go to place for clean food that tastes awesome as well! I found myself eating here twice a day on this trip out here and feel slighted when I'm not close by and have to eat elsewhere. Nothing compares to it!

Andy and Larissa definitely hit a home run when they opened this place, and the customer service is beyond reproach!

I only hope they open another one in southern Cali someday. 

My favorite dishes are the Greek bowl and the P H bowl! Amazing!!
The food is amazing. Pricey... But good. 

The person taking my order however... Well... Thats another story. :(
First visit, so I can only speak for the BBQ bowl and PB&J smoothie, which were both very good! Obvious high quality, fresh ingredients. The service was friendly and fairly fast, although it wasn't busy at the time of my visit. My only two complaints are the lack of sauce in the BBQ bowl (I was offered extra on the side but declined as it was a to go order and I usually prefer minimal sauce), and the $18 price I paid. I tried it full well knowing this ahead of time, but unfortunately it will not become a regular stop for me just for that reason.
The food was good, nothing special that sets them apart though. I'd go again, but not if it's out of my way. Nice atmosphere, the visuals of extremely buff women everywhere is a little off putting. We get it.
I had Green Monster: Spanish,  pineapple,  honeydew,  lime, ginger, kale and coconut water. The ginger is strong and the lime zest is different. But I think I like it  but I'm having texture problems. 
Berry Lovers Signature Salad: spring mix, cucumbers,  green onions,  strawberries,  blueberries, Raspberries, grilled chicken with balsamic vinaigrette. The salad was really good
Didn't know this place was for muscle heads :) hence the name should've told me.  Anyway, we tried it out and it was ok. Not our cup of tea but I wouldn't mind trying some other items on the menu.  My salmon was over cooked though.  They give generous portions and the decor was nice.  No high chairs though so it seems not a kid friendly place.  I guess people that work out done eat out with their kids?? I was bugged by that.
Soooo about thos joint. Totally awesome. A little far for me but totally worth the drive. If your into healthy food then this is def the spot. Tue steak burrito o had was super clean with egg whites avacado and whope grain tortilla. The acai bowl here was also really bomb. Def recommend this placee to all who enjoy good straight up clean food.m
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  Location is kind of far from home. Cashier was not very customer service oriented. Kind of pricey.

LIKE  The smoothies. The breakfast items. Availability of healthier condiments.

LOVE  The bowls. Plenty of protein!
Food was ok,  ordered the southwest veggie burger supposed to have cilantro and black bean salsa couldn't find the cilantro and not enough salsa the little bite that was there gave the burger great taste, too bad it was only a spoonful in a big burger. Customer service was blah,  no smile waiting behind the counter. Atmosphere was ok.  
Next time going back to Greens & Proteins, better atmosphere,  flavorful healthy food w/ great customer service
Great spot, especially for "clean eating". I ordered the protein bison burger medium rare which came out perfect. I think for those coming in here expecting a "traditional" burger spot experience, this place prob. is not for you in a sense that yes, it's more of a healthy alternative that still taste great. The only reason I did not give 5 stars was the service was not that great during my visit.
One of my favorite places to grab a bite to eat. Healthy & good! The Greek Bowl is my favorite :) also love the Acai Bowl!
The food is tasty and healthful.  It is a little pricey but for fresh and healthy, it's worth it.  I had the salad with grilled salmon.  The dressing was so good I learned how to make it and use it all the time - balsamic agave. Yum.
I was introduced to this place by my trainer Derek. I met the owner he's such a sweet heart and has huge arms lol all the employees have always been very sweet as well. I've tried about 4 different things on the menu already PH breakfast burrito, sos salad, sexy bitch bowl and some other I can't remember! All of them were delicious!!! And not to mention healthy. Eating healthy never tasted so good till I found this place. I ALWAYS come after a session with my trainer & leave feeling good. I'm so sad this is their only location. Since I don't live so close to it! I can't wait till this place expands because we truly need more restaurants like this one!
Bad service.  The girls that are order takers weren't friendly.  No hello, thank you or have a Nice day.  So f'n rude.  
The chicken with quinoa that I ordered was bland, portions were small for the $15 I paid. 

This place is overpriced for the quality and service you get.  

Go to cafe Rio and get a chicken salad for $10 and it's good enough for 3 meals.   Plus their service is better and food taste delicious.
The food is great. Service terrible. Every time I go there is something wrong that is not my fault & I end up paying for it. It's really too bad because I really liked this place and kept giving them chance after chance. I will not go here again
I really like protein house. It's been almost impossible to find somewhere healthy to eat in Las Vegas and somewhere that will actually fill you up! I can really taste the quality of the good food. I'm hard to impress, but I'm impressed.
New experience at The Protein House for me, the Greek bowl is amazing! What happened to the Greek olives though? GREEK OLIVES IN A GREEK BOWL, Come on now!
Also, the set up that they have to order is a mess. Call your order in before you get there, (unless you enjoy standing in line an having to shuffle about,) this way you by pass the two step dance moves that go on as people are ordering, coming and going and moving to sit down.
Over all it was a good meal, eye candy all about- which is always pleasurable...
 super nice service! They are onto something for sure--- especially with this memo of GREEK-EFFING-OLIVES- YO!
I was so excited to try this place when my friend told me about it. Sadly, it didn't live up. Before I go on with my review, I will say my other two friends who ordered different dishes enjoyed their food. My other friend and I ordered salads (low carb day, ugh) with the seared ahi on top. I got a side of the sweet potato sticks. The seared ahi was so not fresh, it was kinda gross. I was a little nervous to eat it but I was starving so ate it anyway. It looked like frozen ahi that was thawed and it tasted really fishy. I was not a fan. The sweet potatoes were so undercooked, they may as well have just served them to me raw. I'm not sure if I'll come here again, if I do I definitely will not be ordering the seared ahi salad again. Great idea for a restaurant though. 

P.s. Why does the ice machine have a bunch of grime around the mouth of the dispenser? That was also a nono.
Very excited about the opening of ChopShop today in Tempe, as it is very close to my office. 

I stopped in for lunch and picked up a Kale Caesar Salad. For those of you who wonder what Chop Shop is: Its not really meat (The name and logo are deceiving). Its all of the organic good-for-you salads, juices and sandwiches with a  good-for-you feel like True Foods. Some of my favorites include the Beet salad, and Power Green juice (with kale, cucumber, ginger, parsley)... They even have Protein shakes...if you are into that sort of thing (which around the ASU campus- me thinks they will have a customer base). But yes.... there is meat. You can add on chicken, steak or shrimp (or tofu) to any entre or item.

Parking is around back. I believe its the site of the old Dos Gringos.

Enjoy!
Love the Chop Shop and am so glad they opened up in Tempe. I now have a location one block from my work in Scottsdale and one block from my loft in Tempe. 

Nothing beats the Tri-tip, shrimp, or tofu protein plate and a power green juice for lunch. Also, my friend swears by their grinder. Check this place out ASAP!
Finally a chop shop in Tempe! The set up here is adorable and they have great healthy food. They've added a few new juices to the menu which I'm excited to try. Will definitely be here all the time!
Chop Shop is a good healthy alternative to the rows of burgers along Mill and in the adjacent downtown area, but I couldn't help but notice that it's a bit pricey and that the sandwiches just don't land for me.

The tri-tip/mushroom/onion mix was tasty and well-prepared, but the sandwich appears to have been designed by someone who has never eaten a sandwich before. It's close to 5 or 6 inches in diameter, on this circular whole wheat psuedo-bun. The bun is tasty enough, but when they load the sandwich with a light layer of meat and veggies, the sandwich collapses in on itself like a dying star.

I ended up knife & forking it, but it was tasty at the very least. Unfortunately, there was also about an inch thick layer of arugula, which was a bit much, but that was relatively easily remedied. 

I think the reason we're sitting down at 3 stars for now is because my total tab out the door with a sandwich, chips, and an iced tea was just about $15. That's a bit steep for fast-casual in my opinion, and it's not helped by House of Tricks having completely amazing, blow-you-away (though not fast or as casual) meals for about the same price for lunch.

They also advertised the bowls as including Forbidden Rice, but the rice that came out was brown rice instead. Maybe they were out or there was some confusion; that wasn't my dish so I'm not sure on that count.

I think I'll give them another shot and order a protein plate for myself, if they're able to do forbidden rice. It'd make a decent place to grab a bunch of take out for the office, and it's a much much healthier alternative to the other stuff we eat every week. 

The staff was friendly, the iced tea was good, and the food was pretty tasty all said and done.
I've driven by the Old Town location but work closer to Tempe, so we walked here for lunch today.

My friend and I split the Kale Cesar salad and the Club Sandwich and it was the perfect amount of food. Everything was super fresh and really tasty, without feeling too full at the end of the meal.

Can't wait to try for breakfast.

Also the ambiance of the place is impeccable. The interior is like falling into West Elm and every small detail is well thought out. The front patio / boccie ball area will be awesome during spring / fall.
LOVE the food, the shakes, the smoothies!

This is the new sister location to the one in Scottsdale. The staff are friendly, the ingredients fresh, and the wifi strong. Ah - and the coffee is well-made and tasty. Fresh organic fruit and vegetables, lots of healthy salad and sandwich and breakfast choices. My new PHX favorite!
Just tried this place for lunch today, and this is definitely a place that I'm eager to talk about.  The decor is fresh and clever, and you can tell they put a lot of time and thought into making it look interesting and approachable. They win a big thumbs up in  cleanliness and decor categories. I would very much enjoy bringing friends here for lunch. (Cute little details, like the purse hangers on each table, and a fresh daisy made our meal even more enjoyable.)

For lunch I tried the shrimp and sweet potato hash protein bowl. The hash was incredible, I highly recommend trying it. The shrimp was very good too, but the thing that I loved was that they didn't just give me 4 shrimpy pieces - my bowl was full of shrimp and veggies. An ideal meal!

I ordered one of the fresh lemonades, and it was kinda good, but I found it lacking in a bit of flavor, plus it was super-sour. 

Overall a great place that's off the beaten Mill Ave path, a good place to bring friends, or clients, and a menu that includes tons of healthy options. Can't wait to go back to try the smoothies, and their breakfast menu!
Every time i've been in the place for lunch its packed! The inside seating is very limited small area so not good for group lunches unless your getting it togo. Very popular place for those working at and around ASU. Nice patio for outdoor seating in the cooler months. The food is good;, i've tried the beef Grilled tri-tip was a little messy ended up using a fork/knife & the Club had a good amount of turkey and bacon, not a fan of the pesto spread so i always have them leave that off. Each sandwich comes w a small side salad w dressing. They also serve breakfast which i haven't tried but heard its good. Place is great for those who like to eat healthy and are looking for an alternative to fast food, not so much for the burger and fries type.  Its a little pricey especially if you add a lemonade or one of their juices w your meal you would be paying close to $20 for lunch per person. Only rating it 3 stars for its value.
Went here for the first time today. I was excited to see a new healthy option open up in Tempe. Easy to find parking in the summer, but during the regular school year it may be difficult.

First I'd like to say that the place is very cute. It's well designed and has a comfortable atmosphere. The place smells amazing when you walk in because of all the juicing going on.

There were a lot of good choices on the menu. I ordered the chicken and kale sandwich as a wrap and a small vanilla iced latte.

The sandwich was good, but a little different than I expected. It was a warm sandwich with melted cheese and sort of tasted like a Caesar wrap. It was big and came with a small side salad. Too much food for me for lunch; it could probably be split between two people. I had barely any kale in mine and would prefer to see a higher kale to romaine ratio. 

The latte was very strong and sweet. I think too much vanilla not enough milk (I think they use non-fat). I topped it off with some cream and it was better, but if you are someone who likes a milkier latte you may want to tell them that when you order.

Overall I think the food here is fresh and pretty healthy. I will definitely be back to try more.

Also...it can get very busy at noon, so go a little early or late for lunch to avoid the line. I was there at 12:10 and the line was wrapped around the place, but before I even got my food the line was completely gone.
Boyfriend and I really enjoyed our experience at Chop Shop. We came for a late lunch on Friday and it was about half full indoors. I ordered a tofu teriyaki protein bowl, boyfriend got the chicken prosciutto sandwich at the recommendation of the young woman at the cash register. $23 for the two meals and two lemonades. 

We waited about 15 minutes for our food, but passed the time with the free magazines they have to read. The tofu bowl was excellent; the teriyaki sauce had a subtle spiciness and I really enjoyed the forbidden rice and roasted vegetables. Large portions, too! Boyfriend liked his chicken prosciutto sandwich ("I'm full but I can't stop eating, it's too good").

As a side note, they were having problems with the music. It sounded like a CD was skipping? Lasted the duration of our lunch. I would rather have no music than intermittent music.

We're excited to come back to try breakfast. I'm just afraid of how packed it will be when school begins next week!
Waited over 45 min for a shake when they weren't even busy. Terrible service but good food.
Three strikes, you're out! 

Ok so really it's like 4 strikes...but 3 sounds better :-).

Summary: 
Is the Food good? Yes. Not amazing but good. 
Is the Service good? No; it's horrible.
Are the People nice? Yes, absolutely the people who work there are very nice. 

But ultimately they can't run their business as-is. ASU school hasn't even started. They're in for a rude awakening. 

Novel: 
The first time I went in I was so excited to see the new location and had a very good experience. 

Strike 1) However, the second time I went in, my friend and I waited 20min in line to order and then another 40min for our meal to come out. No joke. Since we were on lunch break we had to ask for it to-go. The manager was sweet and very apologetic and offered our next meal for free. That was very nice but unfortunately, Strike Two was on its way.

Strike 2) I have some food intolerance's so I frequently ask for no cheese and whatever sauce or dressing on the side. This was no exception here. However when I returned to my office to open my impromptu To-Go Meal, it was the meal I ordered, per se, but missing 5 of the other ingredients. So basically I waited 60min for arugula and meat with a slice of apple. Yum. 

Strike 3) A week later, I decided to call-in an order... I wanted to avoid the long wait again. When they answered they immediately put me on hold...FOR 16 min!! Wait, it gets better. They never picked up the phone again. I was so pissed, so I decided I would still drive there and hopefully speak to the manager. I wanted to show him that I Was Still On Hold when I walked in. Ha, which believe it or not leads me to Strike Four.

Strike 4) When I arrived I was pleasantly surprised that there was not the usual long line of people so I hesitated and almost hung up my phone; I honestly started feeling bad about wanting to show him their bad service, yet again. But right then; yes at that very moment, the girl in front of me said "They're closing the kitchen. They're no longer serving food". It was 12:30 in the afternoon. wtf? I confirmed with the cashier. The rest is history here on Yelp. 

Hopefully in a year they are still in business. And if so, I may try again. They deserve to prosper but they have to get their sh*t together first. I really enjoy their food but loathe their customer service and efficiency.
I'm a regular at chopshop on Scottsdale road and finally got in to the Tempe location. 

Awesome atmosphere and great service. Not to mention the food and drink are always on par and a healthy alternative to pretty much anything else in the area.

Huge fan of there classic club sandwich and hear amazing things about their protein plates. 

Perks: giant chess board, cool inside dining, and geographically desirable location 

Tempe's #1 lunch spot
I'm so happy to have a healthy restaurant option close to home. A girl can't eat donuts all the time, you know. 

The boyfriend and I went to Chop Shop on a weeknight. The place itself is super cute and when the weather is nice they have lots of outdoor seating.

I ordered the chicken prosciutto sandwich and he ordered a tri-tip bowl with sweet potato hash. First of all, the portions were really big. We both only finished half of our meal and had the leftovers for lunch the next day. So it's not cheap food but if you consider you're getting two meals out of it then it's actually pretty awesome.

My sandwich was really good. The chicken wasn't dry, the arugula was fresh and there was plenty of fig spread (yum). The bread was also tasty and fresh.

Boyfriend really liked his tri-tip bowl, the sweet potatoes were a nice alternative option to the rice.

I can't wait to go back and try one of their salads. I think this is definitely going to become a new regular place for dinner.

Tip - there are a few parking spots in back so you don't have to pay at a meter.
Was looking for something healthy to eat before class and decided to try this place for the first time. Nice relaxed atmosphere, and it was pretty busy at the time, the 7-8 dollar price tag for a sandwich was a tad steep but when I got the sandwich it was HUGE! Good value and good atmosphere, ill be back!
Oh Chop Shop, where should I start with you?

It was disgustingly hot when I came to check this place out so outdoor sitting was a 'no', but the giant chess set seemed like a rather fun decoration.

The inside decor is pretty much of the same aesthetic. Fun, cute, and even a bit of country hipster. Yeah, I'll let you wrap your head around that. I don't know what it's like over at Scottsdale location, but I hope it's not as cramped. There was a good amount of seating but the frat guy behind me who had no regard that I was sitting right behind him, yeah that ruined the experience a bit.

Apparently my friend who had visited beforehand said this is a very popular location for fraternities and sororities. The fact that there was ample seating at all when we came was something of pure luck. 

Moving onto what really matters though. The food. I ordered the American as a wrap and had the Kale Cleanse as a drink.

The American was really good. Very fresh in ingredients. My friend had ordered the grinder as a regular sandwich. After seeing hers, I'm glad I chose the wrap option simply because it's easier to grab and eat. It also came with a salad, but considering how much veggies they stuff in the wrap already, it was a bit bland. Or maybe that was due to the lack of dressing. I like vinaigrettes and all, but I'd also like to taste them in more than just one bite.

Now the kale cleanse was recommended to me. It sounded pretty healthy and was advertised as sweet. I found it more acidic, but I could taste the sweetness and the hints of kale. Only downside is the cost. I too can blend vegetables and fruits so the price isn't a great deal but, I'm lazy so I suppose I'll be willing to pay it in the future.
Love the feel here. It's noon right now and the sun is not directly above me. The church next door does a great job blocking the sun but there are still many areas of light so everything is beautiful outside! Live the home feeling here. The healthy food options is amazing. Love the menu and how cute and well put together everything is. I ordered the muscle malt protein shake. Yum. Also BBQ chicken salad. Delicious. The bowls they give you are recycled and everything just feels better here. Did not bring my computer to test to wifi and work a little but will next time!

Update: don't know why I keep coming here. They are very disorganized with bringing out food at the same time. Waited an extra 20 mins to get my drink, while the rest of my party was served and other tables too. Their beer salad also has different dressing than the one in scottsdale. Not sure if that's intentional or not...
good everything.  don't be fat.  eat here.
This has been my second trip to Chopshop, and I will probably be coming back.

The first time I came in, I ordered one of their fresh juices. My juice came fairly quickly, even though they had a line across their tiny dining room. For five dollars the portion was totally generous, and the juice itself was very fresh and tasted absolutely delicious. I was extremely impressed, and I couldn't wait to come back.

Today was my second visit, however I was much less thrilled with my experience this time. I decided to try one of their iced lattes, and I was expecting something of the same quality as the juice I had prior.
The girl who took my order seemed totally aloof, I asked her how her day was going and the interaction was just awkward. After ordering my latte she did not ask me what kind of milk I wanted, and I didn't think to mention it.
My latte came quickly, however, I'm certain they used skim milk or something else sacrilegious in my drink. It was horrible. Absolutely horrible.

I still have faith in Chopshop, although next time I am definitely not ordering a milk based coffee drink from them. Their location is prime and their patio is perfect. Wi-Fi is totally reliable. I would absolutely recommend you stop by.
Had the Kale Caesar  with shrimp, greens were so fresh sand shrimp was seasoned just right. It was delicious. 

I'm giving this place 5 stars because how many other places can a grab something to eat in 5 mins for $10 that is not fried, full of sugar or carbs or doesn't contain meat that I don't eat ? (pescitarian).

In addition to eating a healthy, filling and delicious meal I had a blast playing chess on their life sized chess set for 2 hours. This place is awesome and I will become the duke!
This was my first time at ChopHouse and I will definitely be going back. It has a darling, modern, cozy vibe about it. The patio is my favorite part-- complete with globe lights, chairs, umbrellas, a fireplace, and giant chess! The inside is decorated just as well; think urban country, or shabby hipster chic. And, get this ladies and gentleman: each table has a PURSE HANGER on the side of it. Why yes, that was an incredibly nice touch, indeed. Though, I'm glad my purse wasn't particularly heavy, for fear that it would have taken the table down.

Each of the three employees we spoke with were very friendly and accommodating. One even gave me some recommendations about the menu since I hadn't been in before. Also, the men's denim shirts are a rad choice as a uniform. *thumbs up for all around styling*

Initially I ordered a small Green Glory juice-- which had kale, apple, kiwi, ginger...and something else. It was seriously so delicious that after I finished the first, I ordered a large juice to go. Of course, $10 for a 32 oz. cup of juice seemed steep, but it really was so fresh and tasty that it ended up feeling more like a meal than a beverage. So, perhaps I won't be able to come to ChopHouse everyday, but $10 for something healthy and delicious was infinitely better than the $6 I would spend on a venti sugary whatever from Starbucks. ChopHouse, you win!

I also ordered the Cheat Day Burrito (I think that was what it was called?). Eggs and avocado, with bacon and turkey with brown rice, in a wheat wrap. No tomato. YUM! The salsa that comes on the side is very flavorful too. Of course, I couldn't finish said burrito (what with all of the juice I had consumed) so I brought the leftovers home for my boyfriend, who was equally as pleased by the burrito. The juice didn't make it home.

After reading some reviews about the rushes that ChopHouse gets, I was worried that we would have to wait a long time for our food. Not the case. We arrived at the perfect time this morning, since we were the only customers inside the restaurant. Eventually, we migrated to the patio, which was also a great choice. Hello October in Arizona, right?

I can't wait to return to ChopHouse. It's inspired me to attempt juicing for myself (which may fail miserably).
Thanks ChopHouse!
Delicious!
I love the ChopShop.  The salads and sandwiches are delicious, fresh and relatively inexpensive.  The downside of the location is parking, area traffic, the long line inside to order and seating.  If you're on a lunch break time crunch, you will not make it, especially if you're driving into this area.  The place is very modern, with a great upbeat, chic vibe.  It's a place you would want to meet your girlfriend for a salad or sandwich and you have time to eat and chat.  It is very fresh and has an assortment of goodies for all types of foodies.  Recommend trying it for sure... just have plenty of time!
The chop shop is a really cute and cozy place on university. It reminds of downtown phoenix and the bar/restaurants in that area. The food was also really good healthy and fresh. I defiantly will come here again.
My favorite new find in Tempe? The Original ChopShop Co! 

I don't know how this place has eluded me since it's opening in February, but I found this "diamond in the rough" that is Mill Ave (amongst the bars and burger joints).The restaurant was founded on the belief that you CAN eat healthy on-the-go "without sacrificing fresh, memorable flavors or affordability" which I may have previously doubted, but after trying ChopShop I'm a BELIEVER! 

After trying a refreshing fresh pressed juice last week for the first time, I was excited to  return and check out the lunch menu. The reviews on Yelp and photos just seemed too good to be true. Could such a place really exist? After trying the lunch menu, I would say yes - it's THAT good! I had the Tofu Teriyaki Bowl ($7) and a small seasonal Lemonade ($2). My friend had the Kale Caesar with Chicken ($9) and an Arnold Palmer. Both dishes were incredibly flavorful and the drinks were refreshing. The portions were quite generous and we both had leftovers for that we could look forward to for later. 

In case you're wondering what Forbidden Rice is, like I was, let me share what I learned. No, they're not being cheeky by calling it "forbidden" - there is such a thing. According to LotusFoods (rice distributor), Forbidden Rice provides the richest nutritional value, providing a higher level of vitamins, minerals and fiber of any bran rice, as well as a comprehensive range of amino acids, proteins, vegetable fats and essential trace elements needed by the body. Now, you know!

As others have noted, the ambiance both inside and outside of the restaurant is relaxed, comfortable, and urban chic. The patio is the perfect lunch date spot or place to work (in the late afternoon after the lunch crowd). Can't wait to return and try the breakfast menu!
Since opening I have been obsessed with Chop Shop. It is located right across from campus and I find myself eating there several times a week. It is very busy so most of the time I find myself waiting in line but it is so worth it. Everything is very affordable on their menu and it is very healthy and delicious. The atmosphere is great and the employees are very friendly and helpful. I enjoy sitting on the patio when I dine in but as it is getting colder they have a great selection of seating inside also. I will recommend Chop Shop to anyone and everyone, one of my favorite places to eat without a doubt!
I ordered take out today before hitting the road for a long drive.  I was impressed with the wraps, it was good, especially nice to have a healthy choice.  I had the chicken and prosciutto and my Mom had the Moroccan turkey.  I liked them both.  I am a tortilla snob, so I wasn't thrilled with their's, but the fillings really made the wrap yummy.  The side salad dressing was very yummy, the greens were a little brown.  It was lunch, and kinda busy, so I can understand being overwhelmed, but the waitress was very cold.  I will for sure be back, I really want to try a protein plate.
Love this place!  Please open one in LA!
Super healthy food in a very cool, rustic setting.  I ordered the tri tip steak bowl with black rice and veggies and they have plenty of sriracha to add :)
I sat and ate my dinner on the patio, where there's about 15 tables, a deck and a giant, life size chess game.
I should really be writing a 5 star review. I love the food, I love the atmosphere and it's reasonably priced (for most things).  But I've several bad experiences here and have had to leave TWICE because the food took so long that I had to go to work.  And I've arrived with ample time.  
The first time I came in an hour before I had to be at a work meeting and ordered some breakfast.  The Open Faced breakfast sandwich is great and I don't normally mind waiting the average 20 minutes to get my food.  But after sitting patiently on the patio for over 40 minute and my food didn't arrive I had to go inside.  I never got an answer as to what went wrong, but regardless my food wasn't even started being made and so I demanded my money back and left hungry.  The manager apologized and told me to ask for him next time and he would help me out.  I don't want hand outs, I just want my food when I order it.  But I gave them the benefit of the doubt. I've worked in restaurants and I know how things go.  
Several times after this incident (I end up here at least twice a week some times) I have had to wait unreasonable amounts of time to get food. I've ended up having to take it to go and eat at work a few times because it took so long.   I might understand this when it's busy, but these are times when it's slow.  I've learned to not even try eating there if I have less than an hour to spend during lunch. 
This morning was probably the final straw for me though. I went in with 20 minutes until I had to be at work.  (My work is a 3 minute walk from this place so it's extra convenient) There place was pretty empty with two people ordering and two people in front of my in line.  After waiting about 5 minutes or so to get up to the register I placed my order for the Jacked up PB +J shake.  It's pretty stellar. But then I waited, and waited and waited.  I watched people who ordered after me get food and drinks.  Before I knew it, it was after 10am and I was late for work.  Looking in the kitchen I saw the cook starting what might have been my order, but I was already late by this point. I didn't even have time to ask for a refund I just left.  I'll eat the $6 (which is a little over priced anyway) as a reminder not go back to this place until they can figure out how to get food out in a timely manner.  It could just be me, but I thought 20 minutes to order a smoothie would be plenty of time.  Apparently I was wrong.  I should have gone to Starbucks.
ChopShop Tempe, I love you, I really do.  That being said, I have a suggestion.

I live within walking distance and call in a to-go order at least once a week from this location.  It is the same issues every-single-time and it is making me want to break up with you.  I call in my order, you tell me 20 minutes, I show up 30 minutes later, pay for my order, and then no one grabs my order.  Every-single-time.

I sit there looking at my to-go order on the counter for at least 15 minutes.  Every-single-time I ask an employee to check if that is my order that has been sitting there.  The same response, every-single-time, is "no, that is for someone else," or, "I think that is for the guy outside."  

Every-single-time, a man with a beard asks me what I am waiting for and when I tell him he looks at the food that is now cold on the counter and tells me, "you're all set, here is your order."

I sent my boyfriend to this location last night to pick up dinner and he returned 30 minutes later to inform me that he is never going there again and described the same issues that are mentioned above that I experience every-single-time I go there.

I am not sure if it is a laziness issue amongst the staff as much as it is just a disregard for customer service.  It is simple: we are exchanging food for money. Period. I gave you my money, now give me my delicious tofu protein bowl.

Thank you.
So many good things to say about this place.  Im in love with the Moroccan turkey sandwich, which has grapes and avocado and yogurt sauce on it. Its enough for two meals, but i usually eat it in one, and then need to lay down!  haha   It also comes with a little side salad.  Ive also had the Chicken protein plate with the forbidden rice. Sounds wierd and kinda scientific, but these people know how to put food together to taste delicious. The sweet potato hash is pretty good too.
As for the drinks, ive had the Power Green which took a few sips to get into it. A little on the tart side, the Green Glory is really yummy.  Ive also had their Bloody Mary, and i wish they would put a few more tomatoes in it. It kinda just tasted like veggie juice with some vodka, not really bloody enough for me.  :P  
That being said, I love this place and will continue to come through, its very good food.
I've been meaning to write about this place so here goes:

Great small restaurants with cute decors. The food is great, clean eating and tons of options that keeps you satiated. Only reason I took away one star...well the speed of the service is the only issue for me. Every time it takes so long to get my order making my lunch hour shorter in order to enjoy the deliciousness. 

Try it! It's healthy AND delicious...that's a hard combo to find.

P.S. Get the slim squeeze juice to accompany that meal! It's yummy freshness in your tummy :)
I want so badly to give this place more stars. I love it here! The food is fresh and healthy, which is hard to come by in this town - it lacks some flavor occasionally but is overall good. I would give the food four stars. However...the reason for this review is solely because of the service. No matter how many times I come here, or who is working the service is slower than a sloth, quite actually. On more than one occasion I have ordered only a smoothie, such as this occasion. I have been sitting here for ten minutes watching people go in and out...actual food from the kitchen being taken out to the customers and still I am waiting on a simple smoothie. Is slow service like this really worth the good food? If you have all day or like your company definitely go here if you're looking for some healthy and well prepared food. 
If you're hoping to avoid small talk or sitting alone for an awkward amount of time...maybe refrain. Whole foods has some good smoothies and takes all of one minute. 

Update: I did in fact receive the smoothie I ordered! Woot.
Food comes in very generous portions and the Arnold Palmers and lemonades are amazing! My main complaint is that the dressing on the Asian salad is a bit too tasteless. Otherwise, this is a great lunch spot by campus. Be sure to be patient though because the line gets REALLY long.
This place has really great food which is why I come back but really terrible service which is why I'm usually annoyed/angry every time I leave.
I mostly call in to go orders and 75% of the time the phone doesn't work. When I asked about it once the employees laughed and said the phone was dead.
When I get to the restaurant to pick up my food (if I actually get thru on the phone) I will wait about 10 min at the pick up register without even being acknowledged. I understand if you're busy but even a "hey we'll be with you in a minute" is better than standing there awkwardly for 10 min.
Last time I was in the cashier asked the manager to bring me my food, he brought my food but not my drinks and walked off so quickly I didn't have time to stop him and ask for them. Luckily another employee was actually paying attention and helped me out. 
So if you like good food and can deal with bad customer service, this is the place for you!
I really wanted to like this place. The decor is really cute and I like the idea of it,  but I've gone three times now and every time something was wrong. 
The first time: my boyfriend ordered one the chops/bowls and they put the wrong meat in it. Instead of remaking it, they picked out the wrong meat (chicken) and threw some of the correct meat (steak) on top. Anyone who works in this industry knows that is a HUGE no-no. 
The second time: I ordered the parfait and they made me a smoothie.. It was good but it wasn't what I ordered.
The third: I got some type of sandwich that was just awful. It had sweet potatoes in it that were not cooked at all. Crunchy and totally unappetizing. 

Three strikes and you're out, I'm not going back to this place. Maybe I'll try the scottsdale location but my expectations are very, very low.
Delicious and healthy! I'm addicted to their tri-tip steak bowl with forbidden rice and veggies. :') So good, always huge portions but with fresh and healthy, organic ingredients. The exterior of the place is really atmosphere and cute, too, especially at night!
Cute place, love all of the healthier choices, and pricing seems fair. I was in the mood for a sandwich, so I went for the California Club, and it was great! I was torn between a few things, so I will be back to try more.
The Chop Shop is sure to be a hit in Downtown Tempe!  Nestled within a rehabbed residential home, this new eatery boasts a lot of character.  Add to this a giant outdoor eating area complete with bocci ball, a life sized chess set, outdoor fire pit, and the Chop Show is a great place to go and relax over a nice meal.  How's the food?  To put it simply, "Nuevo trendy health conscience". Their menu offers mostly healthy choices for the ladies, including fresh fruit smoothies, but there are a few manly type items like the Grinder and the Tri-Tip.  I have recommended the Chop Shop to many people, and so far, no one has been disappointed.
One last thing, they are getting popular. Especially at lunch time. So, expect a short wait in line to order your food.
I had the Beet salad and it was delicious! My girlfriend had the Kale Ceaser and that was even better! Something about the honey-dijon dressing had me at hello. The only thing that I was dissapointed on was the service. The cashier that took my order was quite rude.
Today I stopped in for breakfast
It's such a cute little place
I got the cheat day wrap and some orange juice
The wrap was really good! Lots of ham and everything else :)
The orange juice had hella pulp which I love
The service was great, everyone was helpful and friendly

I would like to go back and go through some of the shakes/juices
The Pros:
-Healthy, affordable food
-Generous portions
-Good variety with salads, sandwiches
-Flexibility with substitutions 
-Customizable cold pressed juices

The Cons:
-Really busy around lunch time
-Placing an order for pick up can take up to 15 minutes (that is, if your call even goes through)


I have had the beet salad, kale caesar, moroccan turkey wrap, quinoa, and various juices. Typically, I spend around $15 (without tax and tip) on a salad and a juice. Sometimes with dinner, I will order a glass of wine. I don't remember being wowed by the wine, but I'm grateful that they have some to offer! It's plenty of food for me, and I feel like I can eat a ton.
I LOVE this place! I was so glad to hear they were putting one in right off ASU's campus, because the food in, and around campus isn't the most healthy. Although the place can get busy, the only time you have to wait is in the line, because they really are quick with bringing food out to you and not to mention the staff is so nice and helpful when your a little lost on what to get. 

Mainly what I order here are the protein plates and they are SO good, my mouth is watering thinking about the chicken, beef and tofu (I'm unsure about the shrimp because I've never tried it, but lets be honest, its probably freaking amazing). Each one of those bowls have the best flavors and they are huge portions with lots of  yummy stuff in it (so you don't end up with all the grain at the end, you end up in bliss with veggies and protein of choice)!!! It's great because you pay for what you get and you can bring home the leftovers! The pressed juices are really killer too! I haven't tried one I didn't like yet, which is crazy because if you drink pressed juices, often times they are so tart and overpowering for your taste buds, but these... these are too good. My personal favorites are the Kale Cleanse and Cold Buster - don't be scared of the ginger!! 

In conclusion, beware!! If you go here once you will have to come back as often as you can! I have yet to get sick of getting the same things every time!! They also sell stevia sweetened chocolate that you will buy and eat the whole thing by yourself and share none of it.
Such a wonderful and healthy restaurant right on ASU campus! The portions are great, the outdoor seating is so nice, and the food is always delicious. The protein bowls are a good-sized meal, and all the salads are amazing (especially the BBQ chicken....mmmm....). And the PB&J protein shake is awesome. Love coming here for Sunday brunch! (Oh, and the mimosas are a GREAT DEAL on Sundays!!! And the Bloody Mary is made with fresh juice. Oh yes.)
Right across the street from my grad school office, I had the pleasure of lunch here today.  This used to be a bar, I think, basically an eyesore on what should otherwise be ASU's jewel of a main drag.  
Well, whoever opened this joint has their business in order.  Bustling, good service, and good food.  A bit pricey, $$ is accurate, but lunch was of very good quality!  I will gladly pay for such quality, I had the chicken & prosciutto wrap, and it did not disappoint.  Good scene, good food, right in the heart of ASU.  Get some!
I've only been here once but my first impression was very good. I heard that there was a patio and that the place was dog friendly so I brought my two poodle/terrier mixes. I sat in the patio and ordered inside. My dogs were pretty calm in that space even though it is right on university. There is astro turf through the entirety of the patio area with various types of seating.

I enjoyed the kale cleanse and tri-tip protein plate that ordered. Everything came out pretty fast with the exception of my drink, which lagged behind other people who ordered after me. Oh well. When it arrived it was DELICIOUS. I can't wait to try their other drinks.

I visited on a Sunday. There were a good amount of people there hanging out but I wouldn't say that the place was busy. There is also a huge chessboard and shuffle board(???) to play out on the patio. It looks like a nice place to hang out, but I wonder how crazy it gets during the week when all the students are around. I'd definitely go back during the weekends and during the breaks, as it seems like a really chill space.
I go to this Tempe location once a week to meet my son at ASU for lunch.  The food is absolutely fresh and amazing.  I get the raw vegetable salad and it is super healthy and a huge portion.  My son gets the Protein plates and loves them.  We love sitting on the patio area.  It is always busy, but the line goes quick and the food comes out right away.  This is a healthy choice near ASU........you won't be disappointed!
Eh....wife loved it. 

Too hipster for me. Not much flavor. 

The seating is terrible, definitely for intimate lunches. Meaning 1-2 people max.
Update: I went in after a workout last night to grab a smoothie. Seeing as they take a lifetime to do even this I stood by the counter where they call the drinks hoping that might put a pep in their step for getting me my food quicker. As I stood there I watched the woman make it, and I watched her dump about 3 tablespoons of chocolate syrup into my drink. 
Now, if you want chocolate syrup and are told you are ordering it, by all means fine...but of you're under the impression you're receiving chocolate protein powder in your drink you may be slightly upset. If I wanted chocolate syrup I'd go to an ice cream shop. 
I asked her where on the menu it said that was in my drink and her reply was "well it doesn't". I know. She didn't seem how to respond, I told her I wasn't blaming her just that she should pass along to someone higher up that that may (does) make customers unhappy and they should put it on the menu (doubtful). 
It's always disappointing when you're under the impression you're eating healthy and you're not. Boo. 
I'll go back for other things (carefully) but not the muscle malt one of whatever it's called.
Update: I went in after a workout last night to grab a smoothie. Seeing as they take a lifetime to do even this I stood by the counter where they call the drinks hoping that might put a pep in their step for getting me my food quicker. As I stood there I watched the woman make it, and I watched her dump about 3 tablespoons of chocolate syrup into my drink. 
Now, if you want chocolate syrup and are told you are ordering it, by all means fine...but of you're under the impression you're receiving chocolate protein powder in your drink you may be slightly upset. If I wanted chocolate syrup I'd go to an ice cream shop. 
I asked her where on the menu it said that was in my drink and her reply was "well it doesn't". I know. She didn't seem how to respond, I told her I wasn't blaming her just that she should pass along to someone higher up that that may (does) make customers unhappy and they should put it on the menu (doubtful). 
It's always disappointing when you're under the impression you're eating healthy and you're not. Boo. 
I'll go back for other things (carefully) but not the muscle malt one of whatever it's called.
Great service, great food. So many interesting menu items to try! Will need to go back more often. Can take a while to get served but worth the wait and the staff are so attentive. Ate the beet salad and drank the hibiscus seasonal lemonade. Recommended!
If you want to eat healthy then this is the best place to go. All Pressed juices are really good and the raw vegetable salad add chicken is really good
ChopShop is my go-to place for healthy, delicious food. Everything I've had on the menu has been great. My favorites are the protein plates with either shrimp or tri-tip and sweet potato hash. I also like the raw salad with steak. The sandwiches and juices are also really good. The Tempe location has an awesome outdoor area which is dog friendly, always a plus. I recommend calling ahead to order and picking the food up, the wait can get pretty long if you don't call ahead.
Ate lunch here today for the first time and enjoyed it so much! I had the kale Caesar wrap and sweet potato hash. Both were awesome. I really liked the patio atmosphere, it was a beautiful day so we chose to sit outside, the inside layout is a bit small for my taste but I guess you could just call it cozy. The outside chair I sat in was quite uncomfortable, but it's definitely not something that would deter me from going back. The only unfortunate thing that my boyfriend and I did not enjoy was the INSANELY long line we waited in, obviously we came right during the lunch rush, which is not their fault that they are so busy, but it was frustrating that there was only one register being utilized because the other was for To-Go/Pick-Up orders only. I feel like if they could add another register it would have made a huge difference. All in all, the food was amazing and even though we waited a good thirty minutes to place our order, it was delivered to us very quickly. So I will definitely be back... I'm a Chop Shop fan now!
Food is decent, not necessarily "good", but it's a change from the ordinary. The problem however isn't the food. Its the fact that they try to run a line of 200 people through this place at once, which doesn't work out. Takes 40 minutes to get your food because they can't figure out the line, servers, kitchen staff, cashiers, customers, all bouncing around and running into one another. 

I mean, come on? Why should it take fourty minutes to wait in a line and order a sandwich? 

Better off going to somewhere else with faster service...especially if you actually like to eat during your lunch hour.
Can't go wrong at Chop Shop! Great food every time!
I couldn't stop coming back here! It's mesmerizing! This little eatery is tucked behind beautiful trees and shrubs, making you feel like you're in a garden hidden away from the busy road of it's official address.

The food is great, healthy, and fresh, but don't expect to get it quickly. There's usually only 1 register working, and sometimes two, and the food is made to order. This slow and relaxed speed tends to be the lifestyle of the Shop's many patrons. (Many are lounging next to the giant chess board or under a tree reading a kindle or lounging away.)

Both times I ate here I ordered the hummus sandwich and it is the best such sandwich I've ever had. The hummus is red so I think there's red pepper blended into it, and the other veggies along with a touch of feta cheese makes this sandwich so addicting, you can't help but spoonfeed yourself the excess hummus that got squeezed out and fell on your plate. (FYI, the bread is not strong enough for you to hold and eat the sandwich. Your best bet is to fork and knife this guy.

This place also stocks kombucha, which I love, and they have lots of blended fruit/veggie drinks that everyone I was with raved about. If you're visiting ASU, this place is a must try.
Cute place with great pressed juices. I swear by the ColdBuster. The beet salad is also excellent. It's a nice place close to campus that's good for a relaxing lunch or dinner with friends.
Three easy words: TO DIE FOR.

I crave this place more than anything else.  The Moroccan Turkey sandwich is unlike anything I have ever had.  Everything tastes so wonerful and I can eat the whole thing (and it's HUGE) and I don't feel gross, bloated, or over stuffed.  

The juice is also really great! If you're looking for somethign healthy and delicious, this is your place!!
We need more of that style of restaurant this is my favorite place so far!!The kale
Cleanse is the best green fresh juice ever!please
Try it
I've driven by the Chop Shop many of time but never had a desire to try this place. I guess I have Meghan L to thank for this one. Seen her check-in all the time and my son wanted to try it so now here I am. It's on University across from ASU but hidden right next to The Chuck Box. I call this the little house on University. 

You walk through the yard gate into a yard with table all over the front yard and into a small little house. Basically, you wait in line to order your food and drinks. Seems like there is always a line. They bring your food to your table but you have to wait at the counter for your drinks. Oh yea the menu is on a huge chalk board. This is a very healthy place. Healthy drinks. Healthy food. $5 for a 16oz and $10 for a 24 oz drink. Pricey but healthy. 

I ordered the Club which had sliced turkey, with lettuce, tomato, nice thick piece of bacon, provolone cheese and pesto. Big sandwich and really good. Tasty good. It also comes with a side salad. Thy serve this on a small pizza tray with paper on top. Seems like all the sandwiches comes with a side salad. I had the Slim Squeeze drink. Don't remember what was in it but a bunch of fruit. It didn't look very good but tasted pretty good for a healthy drink. 

Enjoyed the meal but just sitting outside in front of University Ave with everyone else sets the atmosphere for a fun and enjoyable lunch. A little pricey for lunch. I paid $44 for three meals and three drinks.

I think I'll probably be back when I'm I the ASU area. Healthy food. Good food. Good drinks. Enjoy.
Amazing food order the Moroccan sandwich give it a try. I like that all their food is natural and healthy so you never feel guilty eating any of the food options
I would not come back to this location. I came in on a Sunday morning and it was immediately apparent they were understaffed. The cashier had no idea how to ring up the 15% checkin discount so we missed out on that completely. She also didn't seem interested in offering any kind of coupon. You could tell she was too frazzled to care. 

It took them 45 minutes to make a latte. We were already done with our meal and then had to wait an extra ten minutes for our drinks. 

The food was just ok. I had a balanced bowl with potato hash. The dish was so dry it was hard to chew. Nothing memorable here.
Wanted to try this location as I work closer to the Tempe location than the Scottsdale location. When we got there it was quite busy but they moved thru the line pretty quickly. My girlfriend and I each ordered and found a table outside to wait for our food.

She ordred the tuna salad w/lemonade and I had the beet salad w/ice tea. After about 5 minutes her sandwich came out and 15 minutes later my salad came out. She was almost finished with her food by the time my salad came out. I also noticed the two girls that shared a picnic table outside with us this was their same problem as well. I wasn't too happy that there was such a drastic time difference in the ticket times for getting our lunch. While the salad was good and I will get again I feel they need to work on getting the food out together so people can actually eat together.
Pricey, but nice. Its got hipster-y food (read: kale and quinoa) and a fairly nice ambiance. The employees here always seem irritated, but maybe that's just because I go at peak times.
Delicious food, great service, great prices! Favorite salad is the Waldorf salad. 

I also really enjoy their protein shakes, great after a workout. 

Location is very convenient for most ASU students but if you're coming from out of town, it's a great place to stop!
Love the food--kale cleanse is my favorite and the substitutes are limitless (tofu, almond milk for lattes, etc). But the staff are always grumpy, very unhelpful, and the food takes a solid 30 min to be ready; good thing there's bocce, corn hole, and chess. Try calling it in for take out if you're in a rush.
This shop is a very welcome addition to the Mill Ave area.  It has great food and the staff was friendly.  There's no question Mill suffers from a college-selected lack of healthy options, and this place seems to be ideal to fill that need.  It is slightly more than I usually would like to pay for a lunch, but by no means exorbitant, and my desire to see such a business succeed outweighs my trepidation at spending 7 or 8 dollars for a salad (sizable though it is).

The only things that keep me from giving it a five star is the poor layout of the interior and exterior made navigating exceedingly awkward.  The line for the counter seemed to weave between the tables, and potential space outside was used for a giant chess board and corn hole area.  While fun, I think the space could have been set up better to serve the customers who want food, rather than play novelty chess.

That said, I am sure to be back.
Holy wowza - deliciousness, and incredibly healthy too. Had the veggie salad with some grilled tofu added and couldn't have been happier. Fresh veggies - where do they get them??? A nice red wine vinaigrette lightly tossed about. Hubby had the turkey sandwich and it was fresh as well. Bread was a bit dry but the sammy fixin's helped with that. Service is quick and there is seating indoors and out. Busy busy Sunday mid-day and I bet when school is in, this place is really hopping. Very welcome addition to the Mill Avenue/ASU area. YUM.
I love this place! I always make sure to eat there whenever I'm in town. Their juices are delicious. Their Acai bowls are excellent! The staff is always very friendly! I would recommend their tuna sandwich and vegetable hummus sandwich!
I am sure this place has great food, and it has kind of a cool, young vibe. I was a little overwhelmed by the menu, so I asked the woman taking my order what sandwiches were the most popular. She recommended two, and I picked the one that sounded better to me. Some sort of club sandwich, not a far cry from a sandwich I would typically order, so I knew I would like this type of meal.

When the food came, the sandwich was extremely disappointing. The bread was so DRY. Not fresh or springy or anything good, it was dry and crumbly. I took about three bites, discovered that the rest of the ingredients followed suit with being disappointing. 

So, I brought it back up to the counter, and told the same woman who had taken my order that I did not like the food, that it was dry, and that I wanted to take it back. She was sweet and smart and called over another woman, Im guessing a supervisor or a manager, and explained the situation. This supervisor woman clarified that I "just didn't like it" and told me that they would not be replacing my meal with something else. I said fine and just asked for a refund, which she unhappily gave me.

The thing that irks me is that they weren't willing to give me something else. So, I leave this place hungry and with a bad food experience. What incentive does this give me to go back? From the experience I had, I didn't like the food or the customer service. Not to mention, the sandwich alone cost 8 bucks. If I can go to Sprouts and get a bomb ass sandwich for $3.50, I want an 8 dollar sandwich to blow my socks off, not be a total disappointment.
I had the chicken protein plate which was flavorful. The vegetables were a bit soggy and not freshly roasted. Chicken was nicely prepared. The sweet potato hash saved the day. The table layout was a bit odd and process for ordering awkward. They need a bit of logistics with their design.
Had the Danish salad with shrimp. So delicious and fresh. Green peach iced tea was good. My friend order the same salad but they forgot to put the dressing on, which is the reason for the 4 stars. Get an Arnold Palmer with their fresh brewed iced tea and lemonade. Nice atmosphere and good prices too. I'll be back!
The decor was nice and quaint. Some of the tables were a bit cramped.. But the booth was just fine. I got a beet salad with chicken. It was perfect. I also had tropicale.. Which was also a yummy juice. I will continue to come here
I ordered the shrimp protein bowl with quinoa instead of the rice. It was good, had a red chili flavor and lots of vegetables. I added sriracha but it would've been better with more sauce.
Delicious and fresh food along with knowledgable and friendly staff. Small location but nicely designed and worth it sit and enjoy a salad and fabulous beverage.
I hope my last review wasn't too harsh. It was intended to be honest. And the fact is the Tempe location has straightened up a bit. Plus, I've had good experiences at the new Chandler location and the Old Town Scottsdale location. Did I ever mention how much I seriously love their food?! I'm recently addicted to the Acai Bowl. Yum!
The food here is very good.  I like the protein plates and the pressed juices.  The service is not typically great, especially around lunch time.  During the noon-1 PM hour, the place gets packed and the small size becomes even more apparent.  Good thing it is worth the wait.
This place is amazing! I love coming here after my classes on Fridays. It's a very nice location next to ASU and the food is delicious. 
It's a healthy atmosphere and menu. Their juices are to die for! It is not too pricey but not that cheap either. Sit on the patio, enjoy your juice and play a quick jumbo chess game. Happy eatings!
Had the Caesar kale salad and a pressed greens juice. Excellent vibe and fresh food! Great to eat outdoors and close enough to Mill ave that it's not too far of a trek.
After trying Rachel's in Summerlin, I'm so happy we now have one in our hood!
Today was opening day, and we met up with neighbors Christina W. and Arvin C. for a little Din-din.

The Menu is exactly the same as all of the other locations, and last time I tried their BBQ Chicken Wrap and Hawaiian Bliss Smoothie. This time, I went with their Sauted Mushroom Cheeseburger and an Incredible Hulk Smoothie. I don't know about you, but I like my meats pink and perfectly medium rare. Unfortunately, all burgers here are cooked Medium to Cardboard...You have been warned

The burger was okay, but Wifey's 440 Sandwich was very tasty. I will be back, not for a burger, but for other menu items. Welcome to the neighborhood Rachel's Kitchen!   ALOHA!!!
I havent been to the four other locations, but excited to have a new food option in my hood. It's exactly what I expected - healthy cafe fare. Meh, for some, a positive for me. Nice to have the option to go somewhere and eat clean if I want to....or not and get some fries with it. 

The BF and I decided to share: 

Curried chicken salad sandwich - this had nice flavor and enjoyed the pear (? or green apple) and raisins in the mix. We chose French bread, but it came on a ciabatta shape instead, that's OK though. We picked sweet potato fries as our side and that was standard, but solid fare. 

Angel Hair Bolognese - anytime I see bolognese I do want to try it. This was more in the "meat sauce" catagory than bolognese with carrots, celery, peas, etc. in it that other spots do. It was a rather large bowl and came piping hot! Decent homestyle sauce though. 

It's counter order, get a number and DIY drinks so there isn't "service" to rate, but they we're friendly at the counter. I've seen in other locations reviews that it was "pricey", so I was actually surprised it was prices I was fine with. $9.95 for a sandwich and side didn't seem outrageous to me when a shitty chain diner like Denny's is charging about that. 

I'm sure we will be back. I hear so much about their juice and smoothies that I definitely have to pop in for one soon as well as more of the menu. Good addition to the area, we don't really have a little cafe up here.
Yay!  This place is awesome! We'd been to the Summerlin location two years ago and we just ordered smoothies. They were good but the place was small and so crowded and we just never made it down that way again.Now Rachel has a place up here in Centennial. We've been in a few times and I LOVE it. So many options for those who have to be gluten free. :D  Sandwiches and even pasta can be ordered gluten free. Sadly, wraps, burgers and pancakes don't have that option. But I'm not complaining. It is so cool to have somewhere I can go and actually order a sandwich! 

Their 440 sandwich is soooo flippin good. I've also tried the smoked turkey and avocado. It was good but the 440 is just on an entirely different level. The protein lovers scramble is pretty awesome too. Very cheesy so if you are like my husband and like cheese just not A LOT of cheese, you might want to ask them to go easy.

Service is friendly, the prices are reasonable. Not really that much more than you'd pay anywhere else. The restaurant is roomy, bright and cheery. We'll be going back a lot. My goal is to try all their sandwiches but it will be difficult not to order the 440 again right away.
I've walked/ driven past Rachel's Kitchen at The District or their Summerlin locations.  Their menu seems like I couldn't get a triple bypass after eating here so I never bothered giving them a try. 

After a hearty brunch at a cafe nearby, I was craving for a smoothie real bad so we went here. I normally get anything with strawberries but I wanted something with Nutella...or chocolate. They don't have anything with Nutella so, I got Peanut Butter Blast (chocolate peanut butter cups, bananas, peanut butter, chocolate milk and non-fat vanilla frozen yogurt).  I'm not a fan of chocolate peanut butter cups but if it's in smoothie form then, it's not too bad. It wasn't as thick as a smoothie should be but the taste was great. The friend got an oatmeal raisin cookie and a Sunrise smoothie (strawberries, bananas, OJ, apple juice and non-fat vanilla frozen yogurt).  The consistency was perfect and you can tell real fruits were used.  We waited about 10 minutes for our smoothies.  You can add protein powder to your smoothie for $1. The cookie was crisp and not a lot of butter was used.  That's a good thing, right?

They have lots of healthy options such as salads, turkey burger, sandwiches, wraps, soups and fresh fruit juices.  I'll definitely be back to try their wraps or sandwiches.
Not only are the prices OUTRAGEOUS, but the staff had zero personality. They messed up on my husbands order and had to take his food back after we waited about 15 minutes before it was served. 

We both ordered chicken wraps, which seems like a relatively easy food to make, but it took a very long time before it came to our table. The server was nice and she was apologetic about the order being messed up, but it was rather frustrating that we had waited so long and now had to send it back.

If I had to give the owner a piece of advice I would say to move the blender to the back of the restaurant. It was right up front next to the order station and we had to repeat everything we said and the guy who took our order would never speak loud enough over the blender so it made for a very confusing ordering experience.

We won't be back - the cost of 2 wraps and 1 shared drink was $25. It was good, but not that good.
Food is great and their smoothies so delicious!! The prices are a little high, but it is wholesome food. I plan on coming back. I may just pick up a smoothie on my way to work. Staff was nice and helpful explaining the menu.

5/23/14

Ate here again and got the BBQ chicken wrap. The chicken was dry and hard and would hurt my mouth to chew. My husband's fries were soggy. Despite the food being bad the manager made it right by refunding our money and offering us a gift card. The food is usually great. I will stay a loyal customer.
I was so excited to see a new restaurant near my house, however this place was a huge regret. We were expecting healthy home made foods, what we got was a grilled cheese that was microwaved on ciabatta bread, onion rings and fries that are exactly like store bought frozen brands, an overpriced smoothie and a bland turkey sandwich that tasted like one you cold buy at a supermarket deli or gas station. The restaurant itself is small, uncomfortable with glass mosaic top tables that should be outdoors only!
I was thrilled Rachel's Kitchen opened this location!! I love their fresh healthy options. I met a friend here for lunch, her salad arrived promptly and my grilled chicken sandwich (440 sandwich) and garden salad came out shortly thereafter. I normally get their roasted veggie sandwich but the chicken was good, I deducted a star because I felt like it had been grilled previously and just heated up.
Second visit to this location....my star deduction last time was for chicken I felt may have been previously cooked and heated back up. I ordered the chopped salad this time, opted for chicken and got a much better result.

I loved not only the flavors, but the textures found in the salad. It was filling without being heavy (no food coma!) and honestly, even though I had it for dinner last night I'm having a hard time convincing myself I don't need another one for lunch today! :)
First time at Centennial location. I tried something new to me: breakfast burrito and Sweet Greens juice.  Neither are for me. Burrito did not list onions as an ingredient but was filled with them. No real flavor to the eggs and avocado. Potatoes were ordinary. Juice tasted too much like celery for my tastes. Won't get these again. 

Typically, I like RK. Hopefully this location will be as good as the District one next visit.
2nd visit, a bit pricey for 2 turkey club w/fries. Very clean...both visits register staff could use some customer service training not very friendly, guess its better than them being rude.
This place was awesome. Crowded, but so tasty. I had the BBQ bacon burger and the sweet green juice. Such a nice change from your run of the mill chain restaurant. A lot of reviews have commented on the fact that the burgers are only cooked medium or medium well, as a medium rare lover myself, I really didn't notice a difference. Somewhat pricey but you get what you pay for. If you want greasy and cheap, this is not the place you are looking for.
Our visit was great, service was wonderful, and the food was delicious. I'm so glad to have Rachel's kitchen in centennial!!!
A quick bite before doing errands can land you in a pinch and with a belly full of fast food. Instead of the drive thru, I opted to go into Rachel's Kitchen to get a wrap and a smoothie. The use of mayo in the wrap could be lessened, or cut out, but otherwise the food was good. The smoothies are on the sweet side. The use of frozen yogurt makes the drink more of a dessert than a meal supplement. Getting the Acaiberry smoothie without made all the difference. 

The employees are always helpful and friendly. The initial greeting once you walk through the door sets the pace. They gave me time to look over the menu, but was ready to when I stepped forward. 

The menu is broad and takes some time to navigate, but with a few modifications the food is fresh and delicious.
My first time to Rachel's kitchen...lots of my Yelp neighbors were makin a big deal out of it, so I figured I would give them a go when the time was right!

The items I've tried so far :

440 Sandwich ($10.50): Grilled Chicken Breast, Goat Cheese, Avocado, Roasted Red Peppers and Tomatoes, and Romaine Lettuce. Good, healthy sandwich lol. It felt a little spendy, but you are paying for fresh ingredients in a health conscious restaurant...so it kind of comes with the territory. 

Hawaiian Bliss Smoothie : Pineapples, Banana, Coconut, Pineapple Juice, and Non Fat Vanilla Frozen Yogurt. This was probably my favorite shake out of the 3 I've tried so far!

Sunrise Smoothie : Strawberries, Bananas, Fresh Squeezed OJ, Apple Juice, and Non Fat Vanilla Frozen Yogurt. 2nd favorite...yum :P

Peanut Butter Blast Smoothie : Bananas, Peanut Butter, Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups, Chocolate Milk, and Non Fat Vanilla Frozen Yogurt.  I think they compensate for the peanut butter, since that shake was a little more "runny" vs the others.

Oatmeal Raisin Cookie and Chocolate Chip Cookie ($1.50ea). Good cookies...they probably go light on the butter and sugar here. Juuust sweet enough, but it's definitely a "healthy" cookie.

Overall it is a pretty good deli style setup for quick eats that won't make you feel guilty eating it afterwards :)

Check out the pics :
Just OK but overpriced.  Had the protein scramble which was yummy but potatoes and toast were not special compared to other local breakfast chains in town.  Sweet greens juice was good but small juice was 16 oz;  8 oz is sufficient and would help cut down price.  Another disturbing thing is that although it touts itself as a "health conscious" restaurant, only about 15 items on the menu have nutrition information.  This makes me wonder about the other food items and how healthy they may or may not be.
Been to Rachel's Kitchen twice and unfortunately I'm not that impressed with the food (sandwiches here).  I had the curry chicken salad and my husband had the ultimate grilled cheese and both were average.  I will griped a little about the price because for the two of us with drinks, the total was over $30 -- That's a bit much for sandwiches,for the portion and the taste.
I honestly have never had a bad experience here... My husband and I go all the time. Tonight (9/11/13) we went in at 8:00pm (their website AND store sign say they close at 9:00pm). We walk in (mind you, this is AFTER all the storms have passed through- sky is clear, in fact), there are people who just received their food, and there is another couple that were almost done.. Total of 4 people eating inside. We walk in, and are INSTANTLY (and rudely) told "were closed due to the storm" um... WHAT?? What storm. I laugh and say "you're kidding right? The storm is over" and once again, the cashier says "we're closed Due. To. The. Storm. Warning". So we left. We probably will never go back to this Rachel's Kitchen, or any others. And I will not be recommending this place. It's a shame what customer service has come to. This place ant too special, and I can go down the street, and get the same thing, for less, with better service.
We stopped in here to get a couple of juices and smoothies.  The place was not real crowded when we arrived, our order was taken quickly, however, the drinks took forever.  There were some people who came in after us who seemed to be regulars and they received their items before we received our juice.  Not sure what the issue was with the juice, but this is a place we would go back to, no question.....
My husband and I decided to try this "fresh" place out! Food was very good, juices and smoothies are also great. Definitely, a good place for a quick, healthy bite.
Very good and healthy!  Coffee was so so.  Juices very good. Prices about a dollar too much.  Friendly service.
Thank goodness for fresh juice!!  Carrot, cucumber & lemon!  And the breakfast was great as well!!!
The food is great and I believe you get what you pay for in quality. My only compliant is the staff. The past 3 times I have been in there, the girls working at the counter are rude.... I will still go back for the smoothies and BBQ chicken wrap.
My first issue was these staff go to work everyday. I called and said where are you located? And lord and behold...I talked to three different staff and noone could tell me how to get to the place at all. It was like talking to Larry, Curly, & Moe. (The Three Stooges) ...If your to young to know who they are google them. 
Keep in mind I was on Durango when I called. They gave me the run around and as adults/professionals its sad. Because I was not talking to children or teens. I was almost ready to give up and go home when I looked over to the right and bam I saw Rachel's Kitchen. Wow I was this close and they was busy telling me they next to subway. Hmmmm No they are not next to a subway. Shaking my head.
 Once I placed my order I had to wait almost 45 minutes to get my order. I had the pleasure of getting the turkey club & I had the pleasure of trying my very first smoothie ever. It was a peanut butter blast. It tasted very watered down. I could taste peanut butter tho it was just strange and weak. If this is what a smoothie is then I wont be trying another. (I don't crave water & peanut butter.)
 No one had cleaned the dining room. The table I sat at was dirty along with the table across from me and next to me as well. Once I did get my food I took it with home with me.  I can't eat in an environment if its nasty. I did do research before I went to this location I read other reviews. And I did have the pleasure of seeing other yelpers eating at the dirty tables as if this is just the place to hang out and chill. They never looked twice at the dirty floors or dirty tables. It made me wonder to be honest. The staff over all lack friendliness. And I did return with the husband we again took home our food. They really need someone to clean the eating area.
Truth is this food just seems to be over priced and not enough love goes into the food. What I mean is this they tell you on a sandwich comes cheese, avocado, red onions and blah blah blah. But when you get the sandwich its like they going thru mad budget cuts. They don't put enough of anything on it. Its like I paid for this so how on earth are you gonna hold back my mustard. Now understand I'm not talking about extra mustard. What I mean is more mustard than a pen drop. If your gonna skim on putting my stuff on my sandwich then charge less. Why am I paying 12 bucks for a sandwich if you fix it as if I only paid 99 cents? I did take pictures on my last visit the eating area looked better. But they was extra slow still so I would tell you don't go if your hungry. I cant for the life of me explain why these people are making a sandwich and it takes them 45 minutes to an hour.
Simple food and healthy.  Good stop for an easy good for you meal.
Love this place! The food is always fresh, and terrific, the staff is friendly.  They are a great alternative to fast food, it is healthy, and the protein smoothies are awesome, try the peanut butter blast! It is out of this world!!!
My husband and I live pretty close by and decided to try this place out.  The sandwiches and pastas sounded good and they serve breakfast all day...sounded promising at first!  Who doesn't love breakfast food at dinner?!  Well...then we looked at the prices.  Holy smokes.  These portions better be good.  I ordered a breakfast burrito and paid an additional $1.50 to add bacon.  My husband ordered a BBQ bacon burger with onion rings and we split a small soda.  Total came to about $22.  Whoa...we could have eaten at a sit down restaurant for that price.  :\  We then proceeded to wait for 20 minutes or so.  It seemed to take forever.  When we finally got our food, we were a bit disappointed to see the portions.  My husband got literally 4 onion rings on the side and I expected my burrito to be a lot larger for nearly $10.  My breakfast burrito was just ok taste-wise.  I didn't like how it was pretty much all egg with hardly any salsa and I could barely taste the cheese.  For some reason the avocado wasn't spread out evenly throughout the burrito, just a big chunk of avocado on the end of the burrito.  They need to distribute the ingredients more evenly to balance out the tastes.  The part that really ticked me off was the bacon I paid an additional $1.50 for...The bacon was just tiny little chunks sprinkled throughout the egg and there was hardly any of it!  Seriously?  I paid extra for this?!  I couldn't even taste the bacon in it so I feel it was a total waste to get it.  Extremely disappointing and a total rip-off.

Overall, the place is just way too overpriced for average food.  We probably won't be coming back here.
We took my two young children and some friends after the gym and were the only ones in the place. Had the protein scramble, and an Acai smoothie. Both were delicious. The wife was unhappy with here overly greasy grilled cheese.  The kids had chocolate chip pancakes which were slightly burnt on the bottom and macaroni and cheese which was good. I liked the food and would give it a shot during a busy time to see how they'd fare. The food came out quick too. I'd give it 3 1/2 stars if I could.
Yelp Challenge 2013: 35/100

I would normally give a place like RK 3/3.5 stars (b/c their pricey). I thought about it and decided to round up. I applaud their effort to cater to people who care about eating real, unprocessed and health conscious food. I also appreciate that they're part of the growing NW food options.That being said, this is a decent spot for a healthy meal, snack, drink, etc.  

Things To Try:
- Arugula Pear Salad: Baby arugula, pears, fennel, goat cheese and pecans tossed with a lemon herb vinaigrette
- Sweet Greens Juice: fresh pressed kale, spinach, cucumber, celery, apple, lemon and ginger root
- Hawaiian Bliss Smoothie: Pineapples, bananas, coconut, pineapple juice and nonfat vanilla frozen yogurt
- Fresh Watermelon Juice 

Would I suggest that others go out of their way to try RK, not necessarily. However, if you live or work in the area, I would pop in. Their ingredients are fresh and I enjoy their fresh pressed juice and salads.
I absolutely love this place! I enjoy juicing but don't always have the time. This place offer delicious and healthy juices made upon order. The food is always great and the staff always friendly. I LOVE Rachel's Kitchen.
I love this place. The food is great and so is the staff. Everytime I come here they go over and above exceeding my expectations. Rachel's Kitchen is definitely my fav place to eat.
My friend and I tried this place today, and it was very good. This is a positive addition to this area of town. We went for breakfast, and left full and satisfied. I had "The Favorite", a scramble with goat cheese, sun dried tomatoes, avocado, and herbs. It was delicious. I love goat cheese but had never had it with eggs before, and now I am definitely a fan. The potatoes tasted freshly made and were seasoned and cooked perfectly, seriously can't go wrong with this dish. My friend had the breakfast burrito which was pretty big. She couldn't even finish half and took the rest of it along with her potatoes home. It came with freshly made salsa, and she gave it all two thumbs up. Her two grandsons had banana chocolate chip pancakes (which I was totally jealous of), and a burger and fries (at 9 a.m.--teenage boys are weird). He said the burger was nice and moist, and I stole some of his fries--yum, for sure. 

Service was fast and very friendly. The man who rang up our order and delivered our food came over to our table and talked to us for a while about the restaurant and some of the menu items. We appreciated that. I read a review that said the portions are too small for the price, but I would definitely have to disagree with that. We all had food left on our plates at the end of the meal, and we were happy and stuffed. As far as the price goes, as long as the ingredients are fresh and unprocessed, they can justify it. It's not fast food, and I don't expect to pay fast food prices.

I will definitely be back for lunch and a smoothie. I'm glad to have the addition of this type of place in the sadly ignored far N/W.
Have been here several times, everything is super yummy! Have tried salads, sandwiches and smoothies all delicious. Awesome and friendly service all the time. Really glad this place is close by.
The atmosphere is good,  lots of tables for everyone.  Love the lighter choices menu with calories posted.  I opened for the Veggie burger,  it's served in whole wheat bread and a side garden salad with balsamic.  It was great and there was no dairy in this burger also! 

My hubby opted for the eggs, hash Browns,  two peices of toast.  The hash Browns here nice because they were not greasy.  

I also had to have one of their fresh juices,  it had kale,  celery,  beet etc and was a great. Size at the large.  This is a must order. 

Thus is a great place to go for a healthy fast food option.  Price is slightly higher then your tradition fast food but definitely worth the calories and eating organic.  

If you are into gluten free they also have great pasta options for you.
Tried Rachel's kitchen for the first time today since my husband was raving about it. I have to say I wasn't impressed. I had the half sandwich and soup of the day. The soup was supposed to be chicken and rice, but really it was veggie soup with a small amount a of chicken and I couldn't really find the rice. The sandwich was the 404 something and the chicken was over cooked and dry. For the price I felt it wasn't worth it. I wasn't even able to finish the soup since it was mostly a clear broth. Not sure if I will try again.
Rachel's Kitchen is a cozy modern place. Awesome to be in during a gloomy rainy day. Food and service was good, but I personally feel like it can lure more customers in if the prices were a bit lower.
Fettuccini was soooo good.   Chicken in the Cesar was overly dry.  Love the guitarist on Friday night. Good variety in a casual setting.
A quite yummy place to grab some brunch. The bbq chicken wrap was amazing! The penne traditional tomato basil pasta was simply deliciosa. I would definitely recommend this to you pasta lovers out there!
The staff is always nice and greet you right off the bat. I love coming for the food but mostly for the juices and smoothies. AMAZING! I love it.
Lately I've been in this smoothie mood. Since I was in the area I decided to give theirs a shot. I ordered the Peanut Butter Blast. I think it was close to $5. My 3 year old daughter wanted to try it first. Right after she takes a sip she starts spitting it out! On me! Yuck.. I asked her what's wrong and she kept saying it was yucky. It was surprising cause she's never done that with other smoothies. So, I tried it next and boy was she right! It was terrible! The worst smoothie ever (sad to say). It didn't taste like peanut butter or any if the ingredients that was suppose to be in it. I don't know how to describe the taste besides terrible. Ended up tossing it. Waste of money.. Maybe it was an off day to go? Friday.. The staff wasn't friendly either
Awful customer service. I ordered my pasta and sat down. There was only one other couple in the restaurant so after waiting about 20 minutes I started wondering where my food was. I saw the cook showing the cashier my ticket and asked if he still needed it. They obviously forgot about me. I was furious. I asked them to make it Togo. Ten minutes later it was done. This is the second time I have had a bad experience here. I will not return. It's a shame because the food is really good
Never been to a Rachel's Kitchen until one was opened by me in centennial hills. I've been there twice and overall I would give it 3.5 stars. The food is really good, especially for healthy food. They're chicken salad was as amazing as a salad gets! The second time I got a sandwich with a side-salad which was also very good. I do,however, think the prices are a slightly bit higher than they should be. They're basically like a fast-casual diner... The in between of a fast food restaurant and a casual diner. If they were taking my order at the table, refilling my drinks, and checking up on me every so often I would understand these prices, but they're not. Also, service is very very slow. It took about 20 minutes to make my sandwich... luckily I was in no rush. I mean I probably would come back here, but it'd have to be when I have all the time in the world and if I'm looking to spend money fast.
I like this place, The Atmosphere is good!I reccomend this restaurant to everyone!Enjoy!
Very good, very fresh food. The smoothies are so good as well. I like that most of the items on the menu are unique. It reminds me of a food place in NorCal that I was a regular at. 
Check it out!! Btw- I love the smoothies.
The eggs a little overcooked but overall the breakfast was good. The staff is very friendly and helpful, the place was clean. Great music selection but a little loud.
Great atmosphere.  Great food. Huge menu!  Friendly staff. Lots of healthy choices.
Fresh, simple, and delicious. The burgers are fantastic..so good that I keep saying I'm going to try other things on the menu but always end up getting a burger :) Friendly staff also.
Ultimate grilled cheese was great!  Would have been a 5star but had to ask for napkins!!!
My wife and I ordered to-go about 5 times and 1 Take-out order over the phone.
This was about a week ago when we ordered take out over the phone.  
We always order same thing. Turkey Club or Cobb Salad, Garden Pasta and Soup.

This time we ordered Turkey Club and Garden Pasta and Broccoli cream soup. Turkey Club was same but this time i ordered sweet potato fries instead of Onion rings because they only give you 3 onion rings.  Garden Pasta was disappointing because not only pasta was breaking like it's been sitting in the water too long and pasta was watery and half of the portion compared to previous togo orders. 

It makes me angry when food i order lacks consistency in taste and portion.  

Your Establishment isn't cheap but when you mess up take out orders it really makes people feel cheated and never want to go back.  We are no long ordering food from here because we feel that last meal was complete act of thievery or con or whatever. 

When you pick up your order ask them to show you the food instead of just packing it away so you can prevent this.... which you shouldn't have to... arrggg

I usually understand error or mistake such as wrong item and missed item and such because it could happen.  BUT when I can't get the consistent quality on food I do not go back because I do not want to gamble with food.
Horrible and rude service. Have waited over an hour for an order despite placing in advance online. Food is great but not worth it.
Food was ok. From the name to its actual atmosphere was a little bit different...o I don't know what I'm saying...really..so full I can't think!
You gotta go there and taste it for your self!!
The food?? Don't want to be pointing out negatives when review things...because it seems as thought that's what we always dread to hear!
Why so negative???
Yes...the food was good...though I could have cooked the same thing at home...it's what sucks when you gotta rush out in the morning to work with an empty stomach!
But hey...try it!!
Always friendly staff, clean and consistent food. My found my favorite so I come here for the same sandwich each time. Smoked turkey avocado. Excellent choice for something other than fast food. A little more expensive but worth it or the quality.
The meals are expensive the portions are large, and the wait... Is excruciating! The 20+ minute wait and counting is making me very hangry!
Incredibly horrible service. Took 45 minutes to get food, which was just a sandwich. Never planning on returning to this location.  Even after the order came out,  it had a salad instead of onion rings and there was mayo  on it which I can't eat because I'm lactose intolerant. Staff is either incompetent or totally disregards customers
This place is great. Yes, like other yelpers said, it is a bit pricey but it's good clean food not 15 seconds in a microwave crap. You get what you pay for!!
I don't know why I keep returning here. The food and service usually takes forever, especially annoying because there's usually about many employees working... Standing around not doing much. The employees aren't very friendly. They don't greet you or check-in with you during the meal. I also don't like how they take out meals of the same party at different times - sometimes waiting 20 minutes at a time!
We are so happy to have a new healthy restaurant near us. We have just been for the first time and we definitely be back. I was very happy with a tuna salad sandwich!
People seriously over do it with these reviews. Mac n cheese is not good at all, way over creamed, and taste terrible.  sandwiches are very sloppy, not much meat. And the fries...thanks for the small handfull of fries you gave me. I would give this half a star if I could.
What a waste of $22. Me and my boyfriend decided to go here after seeing reviews on yelp. I got the curry chicken sandwich on wheat bread and he got the Mac n cheese. Let's start with the sandwich. There was so many greens on the sanwhich that I might as well have gotten a salad. It was thrown together and falling apart as soon as I picked it up. There was barely any chicken and most of it fell off when I picked up the sandwich. The fries were your everyday fries and the portion was tiny. The Mac n cheese was terrible. It was too liquidy. It lacked in overall flavor. He ended up throwing half of it away because he honestly couldn't stand it. Like I said before, WHAT A WASTE OF $22. Never coming here again.
I don't live anywhere near this RK location but decided to stop by when I was in the vicinity. I do think the prices are a bit high- my green drink and veggie sandwich totaled 16$ but I do feel the ingredients are fresh and healthy so paying a bit more for a lighter meal that is satisfying and quick-- I think yes!!
I adore most of the Rachel's Kitchens, especially the one located on Ogden. So, I go to this one near my home. We just ordered online for pick up. My husband was very upset with this order. They completely forgot one of two salads. The girl behind the counter was quite rude when asked when the missing salad would be ready as it was taking such a long time. She just ignored my husband. Ummm, you forgot an entire entree for crying out loud, why the attitude. What's more, we ordered ahead. I may just stop going to this particular location. I can go without the snobbery.
Ordered a peachberry smoothie tastes pretty good but at $6.50, it's overpriced. Might as well get a large pomegranate smoothie from McDonalds for under $4, which tastes the same. Got to mention though,  that I had a Popeye's secret fresh squeezed juice last week,  which was very good. Would come back for another visit.
Came in here for lunch and this lady must've been a new hire, which I don't mind and I was really nice and patient with her, but don't turn around and get frustrated at me for not knowing how to do your job. The least this woman can do is give me decent customer service. They're lucky I even gave them a tip.
Sonic used to have a lot more food items on their menu. These days they're focusing mainly on the drinks. Which is fine by me. Milk shakes, slushes, limeades, and more. A few burgers and snacks round out the menu. Service is always on the slower side here, but the car hops are always friendly and will even come back and check on you later. Plus they have a happy hour every day, with buy one get one drinks. 

I've never been a fan of the burgers, but the toaster sandwich is really good, and the tater tots are among the best.
My husband went there on the way home from work to get milkshakes. The super sweet cashier applied some kind of discount/promotion/coupon to our order without us even asking; we were completely unaware of the promotion. Very sweet of her!
Come here often late night when Rudy is working. By far the best employee here or at any other establishment. Always very nice & gets my order quickly.
So happy to hear that Tropical Smoothie Cafe was opening a location near my office. I went in for lunch the other day and ordered the King Caesar wrap and Blimey Limey smoothie. The wrap was really good, though they would be better off with a different brand of tortillas (a little rubbery) - good amount of chicken, fresh lettuce, and tangy Caesar dressing. The smoothie was EXACTLY what I wanted - lots of citrus taste without being bitter. I added the weight management and energy supplements - they really worked. I was full (but not too full) the rest of the day and didn't have to endure the afternoon "slow down" at work.

I'll definitely be back for more
No wifi!!! Are you kidding me, ur a cafe for god sakes!!! Won't be going back until wifi is added.
I absolutely love this place, there flat bread and breakfast sandwiches are delicious, and smoothies are simply amazing, but with all good tends to be some bad. Not sure why, but there burritos to me at least don't taste very good at all, but that is more/less preference, however I will say this there regular sandwiches although decent are in my opinion way to expensive for what you get. When you have options such as subway where you can get 2 or more foot long sandwiches after 4 pm for only $5 each. I would easily rate this place a 5 star if not for my taste buds towards there burritos, and in my opinion overly priced 3 out of 5 sandwiches.
Disappointed I stop this morning to try them out, but they were closed even though the door said open at 7AM at 7:20 they were not.... Off to Jamba Juice I go...
Wont last at this location. They don't open early enough. Customer service sucks. And the marketing is horrible. Good luck though!
If you want a smoothie this is a great place. They have a variety of flavors to chose from. Although if you come here for food and a smoothie, you might be a little disappointed.  Their food is small portions and for a larger price tag. 

We bought a groupon so we thought we'd give their good a try. I think we will just stick with smoothies next time though.
Much improved customer service since my first visit. The staff was fast and friendly. I like the fact that the smoothies/good are healthy and affordable. I wish they had a smaller size option, but it's not a big deal.
Tropical Smoothie Cafe, or "Trop Smoo" as I like to call it, has the best tasting smoothies of all the smoothie chains.  And this location does a great job with consistency.  The staff here is super friendly and attentive.  And that makes you feel better after dealing with all those non-friendly people who grace your presence throughout the course of life.  

As far as food/drink, I usually get the Health Nut with whey protein because my guns are constantly begging me for more protein so they can keep growing and busting out of my shirts.  The Health Nut is a concoction of blueberries, mangos, bananas, and almonds (along with the aforementioned protein) and it is creamy delicious and satisfying.

For food, they have an everchanging selection of salads and wraps, but I still haven't found that item that I just can't live without.  When I find it, then Trop Smoo will get upgraded to 5 stars!  

Peace out!  **posing with my hands giving the peace sign while taking a selfie... cause I'm cool like that**
I have an on, off and on again relationship with at home juicing and I really should decide if I'm in it or if it will be something I will always half love. It's quite a chore and an investment of time and more of a clean up than it's worth and I figure I'll probably never do it again once the Juicer I have finally burns out.  So I start thinking, it cost roughly 10 bucks for all my ingredients and about 45 min of my time to produce a glass of my favorite juice blend. Tropical Smoothie has the same exact drink for $4 in and out in a jiffy. NO clean up!!!! The juicer may find its way off my kitchen counter and into my go-to Goodwill box very soon. Plus Tropical Smoothie's version of my Spinach, Kale, Pineapple, Mango and Peach drink taste much much better than mine.
I got a livingsocial deal for a lunch combo so I decided to try this out with my coworker (who didn't get the living social deal). We waited in line for a long time because there was only one person making food and smoothies, one cashier and no manager. I finally got up to the cashier and asked if she preferred one wrap over another because I didn't decide. She called out to her coworker that someone has a question and she told me she can't answer because she just stared. Um, it was a simple taste based question. Make it up! Then my coworker ordered and paid with a  $20. The cashier said she was out of singles and asked her coworker who called their manager. She told her manager that they're out of singles and that there is a huge line. Then she said her manager told her to tell the customer to pay with a card. What kind of place runs out of money, has a cashier with no training, has huge lines and no manager present during a lunch rush? We waited a long time and I heard the cashier call to her coworker several more times when people had a question about anything! The manager finally came back with more cash and she looked really mad. None of the employees were happy and the cashier and other girl tried their best but it was a horrible experience. To top it off, the jerk chicken wrap was liquidy and the chicken tasted like bad chicken in frozen meals. The smoothie I got was good. This place definitely won't last long. I will definitely never come back to this location but I may try another.
this place is great!!!! even without the current "group-on" specials, even without the buy one - get one coupons printed on every receipt, even without the special which will run for 1 month from 5-7 pm ( i think!)
great smoothies - i love the one on priest near elliott.
my faves is the "seasonal" - green tea & basil and strawberry basil lemonade.  
***be aware-made with sugar unless you specify splenda or no sweeteners!***
I'm addicted! This Big Momma had the Bahama Momma! Yeah~ #2die4... strawberry, pineapple, white chocolate.. The best. Of course I did add the B-12 and Fat Burner additions because I wanted a pick me up! Seriously for $6 bucks (thermal keepsake cup) perfect for this AZ heat, I was bouncing off the walls.. Not enuff to hit the gym but, I thought about it. With my new thermal cup~ I get a .50 cent discount. Service was excellent:) If these guys add a Groupon~ Lookout!
First timer! I had to try 2!
I ordered the Totally Green Smoothie which is so refreshing and has just enough sweetness (green apple & kiwi). It's my first time having anything with Kale & I think it's delicious! Definitely something I will try at home & have again when I'm in the area. 
My second drink I wanted a yogurt blend & chose the Get Up and Goji. It's like a nice refreshment at the beach. Light & tangy & sweet with the lil fullness of yogurt. 
Only reasons I didn't give 5 stars were:
They only offer 1 size & it's $5 a drink. 
The place is small & loud. 
Customer service was ok but not great.
I had the chance to try their bubble tea and specialty drinks over the last couple weeks while they still had their buy one get one free offer (the flyers for which they were illegally handing out in various places).

The first cups of mango diamond that I got when they first opened were fantastic. Many chunks of diced mangoes in a mixture that's has more taste than most smoothies I've had. Their prices are also very low compared to many bbt places in Waterloo/Ontario.

The staff are friendly and kind. The restaurant is clean and newly decorated.

However, subsequent cups of mango diamond weren't as good as the first and I wonder if I'll be going back again.
Heard about this place when it first opened through a coupon book we got in the mail, after one visit we quickly became regulars.

MANY choices, kind staff and clean please to relax with friends.

Wait times can get a little long when it's busy but that's to be expected.

Can't wait for my next visit :)
Entering a repurpsed wood panneled space, you are eye to eye with the chefs. A fully stocked bar is available for your pleasure. Choices which include healthy tasty menu items will make your tummy happy. An eager staff eager to please, makes Wild a great night out for drinks, tasty food and great service.
My tomato soup was creamy and tasty, my gluten free chicken tikka pasta was well prepared and yummy.
The gluten free pizza was crunchy and gooey in all the right ways.
All around great new resturant in downtown Las Vegas!
I am giving Wild 5 stars for their server Adam, who was awesome.  Friendly, funny, and he made the experience so much better!  

When we arrived we didn't know if we should just sit or wait for someone to seat us, but we claimed a long wooden picnic table in the center of the main dining room.  Adam came over and greeted us, told us the quote of the day, explained all of the gimmicks within Wild and took our beverage order. Pretty standard...

He sold me on a ginger lemonade which I loved, but could only drink so much of. I thought it was too strong to finish a whole glass of, especially now that the summer heat is gone. *insert sad face* 

My friend ordered a wild blueberry wheat ale / the Sea Dog. He said it was good, but it was served in a can which wasn't too impressive. I think they should have served it with a cold glass/mug. 

For dinner we ordered the bruschetta to start and then the salmon special they had + the perfect pasta.  We shared all of the items. I loved the perfect pasta. It was really flavorful, although when you first see it, the pasta looks quite plain and unimpressive.  The flavor definitely makes up for that. It's really good. 

The salmon was good, but nothing amazing. It had a lemon caper sauce and was served with roasted garlic mashed potatoes and some steamed veggies.  It wasn't impressive in flavor, but I squeezed more lemon on it and it did the trick. 

The bruschetta was large and we didn't finish it all. The bread didn't taste any different than normal bread, although the entire menu at Wild is gluten-free. It was pretty impressive in that regard but other than that, what you'd expect of a bruschetta dish. 

As we wrapped up our dinner we asked for the dessert menu and Adam told us that there is no dessert menu yet. Bummer!!!!  We joked with him for a minute and asked if they could make something with the ingredients they already have. We were totally kidding but he went to chef and asked him to whip something up. This really boosted our experience as about 10 minutes later they brought out a gluten free pizza with butter, cinnamon and a home made whipped cream sauce.  Man!!!!  What service!!!  The dish needs some work as the gluten free pie crust overpowered the other flavors but they made that on the fly and it was pretty amazing that they took the time and not only considered it but executed!!!  We felt pretty special. The homemade whipped cream they made was REALLY REALLY good. 

Overall the experience was definitely enhanced by our server who was attentive, entertaining and just overall pretty awesome.  The menu is perfect for those who need to eat gluten free...it's not supposed to be culinary genius out of that kitchen, but more of an alternative dining experience for those who cannot have gluten in their diet. 

We will likely be back again to try more menu items + I'm excited to try their juices when the juice bar is open. We had a great time tonight, and at the end of it all, that's really what matters. :)
I was super excited to try the food and check out this cool space. The website looks so enticing. I ordered the Spicy Prosciutto Flat-bread.  It was $14 for a SMALL personal flat-bread.  What I was served did not look like the pictures on the website. Presentation goes a long way. I so wanted this place to be good but I'm unimpressed. I am willing to pay for quality food but was let down with this experience.

Pros: 
-Slick space, Dark and Romantic
-Service was Awesome
-Vegan and Gluten Free crust 

Cons:
-Tasted like a frozen flat-bread.
-Expensive. Quality of food being served did not match the pricing.
-Food was served on what looked like a cafeteria tray and the prosciutto on top of the flat bread looked like a lunch meat slice that was sliced up and thrown on top right before serving.
Pizza was great, crust was delicious!  Gluten free!!! Sarah has the bar under control!  Great place to meet downtowners. Sarah is an amazing bartender, she makes you want to stay all night!  Oh wait a minute we did.  Fireball!!!!
Wild adds refreshing taste to the changing landscape of downtown Las Vegas. This communal space brings guests together over great food and clever conversation starters. The coasters prompt thoughtful questions and cards on the bar give you an opportunity to send a note to your neighbor. The energy in Wild is altogether electric. 
Even though this place has only been open a short time, there were already "regulars" stopping by. At the end of our dining experience, Wild felt like a second home and I understood the sense of loyalty.

The staff was very friendly and the food was amazing. Miki, the owner and creator, stopped by and talked to my boyfriend and I. You can tell that she really has passion about the restaurant, her staff, and her customers. 

Our bartender Nate surprised us with delicious cocktail after delicious cocktail. No menu needed, he simply asked what "tastes" we liked and created a amazing fig & bourbon concoction as well as many others.

Everything on the menu was made fresh to order with fresh, organic, and wholesome ingredients. Even the lemonade is made fresh to order. We followed Miki's suggestion and tried the limone pasta but we added fresh mushrooms. It was amazing! I will definitely be going back for more.
With successful locations in NYC and Williamsburg, I expected the best pizza on this side of the Mississippi, but unfortunately I was dealt arguably the worst meal I've had in LV in the past 4.5 months. From the minute my takeout order was brought from the kitchen, I knew I was in for trouble. Here's a rundown of the eats...

Chicken Tikka Masala Pasta- $16 - Take away the creamy goodness of a masala sauce, take away any resemblance of chicken and imagine yourself eating dry, leftover spaghetti from a few days before. Voil! You have made this dish in your mind. Tamest masala this side of Bombay. Nothing against the pasta itself, I'm not hating on the lack of gluten, I'm hating on the lack of chicken, sauce and flavor. 

Chana Masala Personal Pizza- $13 - Take a generic flatbread you can buy in Walgreens, add a box of frozen chana masala from TJ's (minus most of the flavor), a bit of tomato sauce and some mozz cheese, then cook in a toaster, but take it out a few minutes before it's ready. Voil! You have again made a dish in your mind! Seriously, isn't this 'dough' the 'homemade specialty' of the house? When pizza is thin, isn't it supposed to be crunchy? Why does it taste like someone made this in Home Ec class... and got a C-? 

And yes, I ordered two Indian style dishes from an American/pizza place. But it's not a large menu. It's not like I was expecting fresh sushi from a diner. For the area, you can do way better with your money. 

While waiting for the food, I overheard some people wondering why the place is empty most of the time. 'It's this side of the street!' they said. No, friends. It's all of the above. 

Why 2-stars instead of 1? The place looks pretty slick. Would def have a brew at the bar.
I liked the atmosphere/ details of the restaurant. The service was good but expected more from the food - lacked proper flavor.
Decided to give it a shot this Sunday night after hearing lots of buzz. Walked in and was immediately confused because we were not greeted within the first 30 seconds or more. We eventually seated our selves. It appeared there was only one person serving the floor AND the bar. They offered us drinks.. to bad they never came. We waited ten plus minutes for two glasses of water. Decided to leave.. plus the rastafarian music was a bit annoying. Not sure what the food is like, may never know now. You would think with two locations in New York, a faster paced place than Vegas, they would understand the importance of prompt service. Oh well.
We had the Bruschetta appetizer, which was good with nicely ripened tomatoes and big chunks of Buffala mozzarella. Two flatbreads were ordered by our party, the veggie which was really loaded with nicely cooked (not cremated) veggies and the Chicken Tiki Masala which had a really creamy sauce. I ordered the Fig salad and a side of grilled shrimp. Fig salad first - incredible value. Half size salad was $7 with figs, prosciutto, Gorgonzola cheese and a yummy balsamic. Seven clams for that! Side of nicely grilled, nicely seasoned shrimp to go with for another $4. This is a "chick meal" home run! Top it off with great ambiance inside and friendly, happy service by Kaitlyn at the bar and it's an easy 5 stars. One thing to note, the place is about fresh good food. You may need to add a little salt to this or that, but that beats over salted and over cooked for me. Happy fresh dining!
This place is one of the only places that I can eat at and not worry about whether or not the waiter or waitress decided to not trust me that I absolutely needed a gluten free meal, or that the chefs weren't paying attention to my gluten free request. There are dire consequences to me being "glutened". 

This is the one place in town where gluten free is all they serve unless you specially order something with gluten that takes longer to make. Nice change of pace, and absolutely delicious food. I haven't had something that I haven't liked yet, and my favorite is the wild white pizza. That truffle ricotta is like crack, it's so good.

Miki has done what I wanted to do when I found out my life could be better if I just ate foods my body could process. I'm glad someone took the initiative and created a place like Wild.
Gluten free beer is the way to go! Just ask Sarah, she is the best bartender downtown!
Love the atmosphere and the concept. The food is good, though didn't live up to expectations. Still, it's the best gluten free pizza I've ever had.
I only give reviews for two reasons. This happens to be for a good reason!! This place is a little hidden gem.. Amazing!! Everything from the staff, to the"wild wall", to the thoughtful questions on the coasters. The food is amazing...and to top it off, its organic and gluten free!!
I'll be back!
AMAZING!!!!!! Love this place! Everyone should experience Wild if they haven't already! Great food and drinks make sure you ask for Sarah behind the bar she always takes good care of me  :)
WILD is my go-to restaurant in Las Vegas. It's right next to the front entrance of the Ogden Condos. Not only does it offer the best gluten-free & vegetarian options, it also provides downtown with a positive hang out spot to grab a drink. Right when you walk in you're greeted by a sign that says "Leave Egos, Stress and Fears at the door." After a long day, this is the exact message you want to read. 

The staff is very friendly and warm. It's effortless trying to find healthy options since the entire menu is of organic farm to table meals. The first time I went I had their quinoa salad. The plating was just as good as the food. As for the pizza, my personal favorite is the Chana Masala. There are a variety of pizza topping options, but the Chana Masala was the most unique to me. It's the perfect combination of authentic Indian flavors with classic pizza. 

This is one of the only pizzerias where I don't leave feeling bloated and lethargic since they are so particular about what ingredients are put into the meals. Instead, I leave feeling optimistic from the wall of inspirational quotes written by previous guests and more than satisfied with the food and drinks which are both nourishing and delicious. If you're in NYC or DTLV, this is definitely a place you gotta check out!
The chicken masala pizza, is amazing. I love the warm feel of the environment and staff, and I'm in love with the tables and decorations! The tiny wood stump table holders, and multi colored repurposed wood had me from the get go. I would love to know where to get some of my own. The staff is amazing, and make you feel so comfortable. You should definitely make it a point to stop by and get the ginger lemonade as well!
I highly recommend for a great dining experience.  Food and service were amazing.  Nice to find unique healthy options in LV!!
I really like this place. I love finding healthy food that tastes good. This is the type of food I cook at home. We got a to share pizza. We all loved it. I also go a smoothie that tasted great. Thank you Wild for opening here. We will be back!
I hate to do it, I really do but this place only deserves two stars. I love the decor, good location, love it's cozy feel, and even the staff is super friendly and super nice. But the food just doesn't do it. The two chances I have given the place the order never came out right and when it did it was just blah.

I understand the premise but isn't there any thing else you can offer that's vegan or gluten free. The pizza isn't bad but it isn't enough to keep me or any of my friends coming. The tikki marsala on pasta and pizza is eh and we had other things but honestly they were that forgettable. The two times I have left here I couldn't wait to reconcile with my taste buds by going to pizza rock, gold spike, or even Cheffini's hot dog's. Something...anything! I guess my palette is not sophisticated enough for this type of food but I wish it was because I love it's vibe and just wish they'd revamp or add to the menu.
Outstanding allergen free menu. Fresh organic food available and an awesome atmosphere and wait staff. A must go for anyone looking for GMO and allergen free dining! Vegan desserts available too!
My man and I just finished a great meal and have already recommended it to friends and family. 
The pizza is DAMN GOOD ;)
Great thin crust pizza, and service!
So satisfied! Relaxed clean atmosphere. Friendly, efficient, knowledgeable staff. The food was fresh and flavorful and in perfect filling proportions. The beet salad is a must try! Pair everything with the house made ginger lemonade! Definitely planning on returning.. Thanks, Wild!
Wild is a gluten free with vegan options restaurant that has some proscuitto and chicken thrown on the menu for those who are not vegan.  It has three locations, LV, the West Village and Williamsburg. Located in the basement of the Ogden in a very narrow but long space that spans what must have been three units, maybe 4, Wild hopes to attract healthy Zappos workers and Rachel's Kitchen hipsters.  A quick read of the menu and my first thought was, if I was gluten free or vegan, this place sounds good.

Ogden serves Brunch but we got there for the lunch menu. 
The menu has soup, salad, pasta, pizza and entrees with a lunch menu with a few sandwiches.  I decided to have tomato soup and an arugula salad with apple.

The Tomato soup was actually quite good.  Service was very quick and everyone was friendly.  The waitress had to give us the quote of the day from Lao Tzu and when we asked for another one, she was actually ready with more.  The salad was the problem.  While the ingredients were fresh and tasty by themselves, it was basically thrown together almost as an afterthought.  There was no dressing on the salad, offered to me, or even indicated that it was available.  This is ok, I thought, I don't like dressing on my sald and everyone thinks I am crazy, so victory for me!   However, I do like fresh pepper on the salad... not offered, hot sauce, parmeson, anything? not offered?  

Also, aside from the apples, there was nothing distinctive about the salad, just arugula walnuts, apple, and onion.   Very disappointing from a place that would scream salad if you asked me to guess what is good there.

The soup was definitively the saving grace. Also you can people watch as everyone walks down Ogden.

I will wait a month and see how it is after it has been open for a while.
Newly gluten free person....I was literally clapping my hands and jumping up and down like a 5 year old when my friend told me about this place! 

This place is so cute! It has a real natural feel to it. The tables are bench tables, and drinks are served in MASON JARS!! Yes. MASON JARS! That fact alone will have me eating there again! 

I haven't had any bread in a while and was craving a sandwich. So I ordered a ginger lemonade and a grilled chicken sandwich that come with a quinoa salad. The lemonade was ON POINT. It was refreshing and had a slight kick due to the ginger. My sandwich tasted really good. It had a huge chicken breast slice! I don't like my sandwiches to have so much meat...so next time I will ask for less (just my personal thang...). I was REALLY surprised at how much I loved the quinoa salad! 

I will def be back for more!
I am not a vegan or a health food guru I am however a foodie and when I am enticed to try a new venue I answer the challenge!

WildLV is not pretentious by any means. It has a feel like I'm a little different then your normal restaurant and your going to like eating here

It was lunch time and the place was busy (good sign) I got seated at what I call the chefs counter. I was reading over the menu and my waiter who was obviously the only one taking orders was very busy  Here is where the magic began 

A voice across the glass separating the counter from the kitchen asks me What looks good to you? I said to the chef Tatiana what do you recommend?

She asked if I liked spicy"love it" and suggested  The spicy red pepper prosciutto pizza .It was great and healthy and it really was pretty big for an individual pizza. She asked me If I like carrot cake I said kinda She told me I would love hers.. I did. It was possible the freshest tasting carrot cake I ever tasted.

The menu is really diverse and caters to all tastes 
Its also in a hip location The ground floor of the Ogden ..Check it out!  

Say HI to Elyse the manager she's very personable and cares a great deal if the customers are having a great experience
My first time trying this place and it was a success. We ordered quite a bit of food to get a feel for everything. Started off with the beet salad. It was really good. Changed my opinion of beets, they are really quite good. There were red and gold ones in the salad. Next the bruschetta, also delicious. I can't believe the bread was gluten free.  Seriously so good.  Next we ordered two pizzas (white pizza with truffle oil & the margherita) Both were good but the standout was definitely the white truffle. Next time I want to try it with mushrooms. We ordered a few of the GF beers, I think I preferred the Blonde one the best. 
They were having an event the night we went, so they offered us these adorable tiny cupcakes that were pretty good. Service was very good. Even though they were very busy our waitress, Clara was on it. 

Also, make sure you check in to get your 15% off, we forgot to use it. Prices seem a little high, but I expect it with GF products. At least our beers were on happy hour.
I love this place! Reminds me of SF! So happy to see the change in Las Vegas with new quality eats, serving quality food. Don't forget to try the ginger lemonade and prosciutto sandwich... They are delicious and reasonably priced (hard to find when eating healthy in LV) Easily one of my new favorite lunch spots in town!
Great food. Great service. This is a gluten free friendly place with a fusion of the Freemont vibe and Seattle coffeeshop service. Throw in the vegan options and you have just gone "Wild".
Gluten free paradise! People living with celiac disease can finally dine in peace knowing there is no risk of cross contamination or any hidden gluten slipping into their food.

The pizza is out of this world! My favorite is the spicy prosciutto, with real hot Italian red peppers. Highly recommend  the spaghetti lmon, for a lemony dish with great flavor. Also add shrimp to the pasta to enhance it even more. 

Lunch is also great with their soup and sandwich combo. New desserts everyday and great vegan options. You won't regrets Wild.
When I go out to eat, I normally avoid the healthy places, but when a friend really wanted to stick to their diet, I figured this was the perfect place downtown.  WILD is situated inside of the Ogden high-rise off of Ogden (Not Las Vegas Blvd).

There is a wide variety of pizza, but I was attracted to the Chicken Tikka Masala Pasta.  A few reviews complained about blandness, which is something I was scared of.  While the pasta didn't have a noticeable "sauce" it was well seasoned and the chicken was full of flavor.  I would have not guessed that it was gluten free.

I was hoping to try one of their smoothies or juices but the waiter said they were unavailable (on a Sat night??).  

The atmosphere is great, very hipster as you expect from downtown, with rough, wooden tables and neat light fixtures.  The floor to ceiling windows make it great for people watching as people walk from the El Cortez to the Gold Spike.  

I recommend for the health freaks who don't want to make the drive to Greens & Proteins over on Eastern/215!
Thank You Thank You!  Finally good food and it's Gluten Free!  My first pizza in a year! Fresh salad AND Carrot cupcakes are to die for!
I absolutely love this place!!!! I had a cocktail that had kale juice in it!!!!!! I have been searching for an alcoholic beverage that meets my eating habits, and this is the perfect one!  
My husband and I shared one of the gluten-free pizzas, which was delicious.  The only thing was that we didn't realize when you order the pizza to share they bring you out TWO separate pizzas... It was a ton of food and we definitely did not need that much.  We just wish they were more clear about how much it was going to be.  Good thing we love left over PIZZA!!
Can't wait to go back and try more!
Oooo I almost forgot to mention the gluten free, vegan cupcake I had with Avocado icing..... Ummmmm.....It was delicious !!!!
My wife has found her health improved by cutting gluten from her diet. Since she loves Pasta and Pizza we are always on the look out for places that serve these dishes without the gluten. The rating on Yelp made me very excited to take her there. What we found was a mixed bag which overall left us disappointed.

The service was painfully slow, on a not busy night, and not terribly competent. We asked what were the roasted seasonal veggies. We got an answer explaining the concept; something we already knew. The waitress did not know which seasonal vegetables were included. We could see our appetizer waiting on the kitchen bar, whilst our waitress played with her phone.

The Bruschetta appetizer was excellent. The pizza not so much. The crust was below average for gluten free pizzas, which for a place specializing in such crusts is not acceptable. The flavor of the sauce was bland.

I cannot recommend this place.
My husband brought me to this restaurant during out trip to Vegas.  He found it through yelp and searching for gluten free.  I was so disappointed!   I just don't understand people who liked this place.  The service was terrible.  The restaurant wasn't busy, yet, it took forever to get a seat.  We didn't get drinks either in a timely manner.

Then came to the food.  We ordered bruschetta.  It was delicious, however, it sat on the bar waiting on the waitress forever.  We were starving waiting for it.  

My husband and I both ordered the pizza.  What a mess!  Tasteless, and bland don't even start to say how poor they were.  The crust was blah, as was the sauce and toppings.  

By this time, we were grumpy.  Our drinks didn't get refilled either.  We paid our bill...eventually and left.

Did I mention how expensive this was for what we got???   

Don't go there!!!!
mmmmmmmm! Yum-o!
Gluten Free Vegan goodness, BOMB!!  I was incredibly happy with the food and the service!  The curry hummus was deliciously unique and the GF pasta was fabu!
HOWEVER, the seating/seats are no bueno - hence the single star deduction!  Not the most comfy for my rump.  But I'll definitely go back!  Great vibe, rock on downtown!!!!!
Super fabulous food!!!  Nice atmosphere and great service:) creative gluten free options. So good~
The decor and effort to provide a decent gluten-free food establishment in Las Vegas is on point, however, the ingredients in some dishes contain MSG and in many cases are inflammatory (defeats the purpose of eat gluten-free in the first place).  

As someone who's healed an auto-immune disease through diet,  I would not consider this establishment a wise choice for celiac patients or any other auto-immune disease.  Rather it is a refreshing watering hole for people who don't mind a tasty gluten-free bread replacement with their meal.

Would also be great if they had a non-dairy cheese option that does not contain msg or casein so that people with dairy allergies can enjoy their product.

I really like the vibe of the place and hope they modify their menu in a way that is more consistent with a gluten-free lifestyle.

Update:  The good news is that Wild has parted ways with Miki Agrawal and appointed Natalie Young to make the menu more interesting.  It may not be as health minded as originally intended, but at least all the ingredients won't be falling off the Sysco truck.
The only place we found in Vegas that has gluten free food. It was delicious! We had the prosciutto sandwich and the white pizza. The sandwich was great. The pizza was a little bland, but with a little salt was great. I wish they offered sandwiches with more calories. Food was a little too health conscious for my liking.
This place is awesome!!!! I haven't had anything I did not love! Great food, great drinks, great service. Check it out!!!
I would love to leave a longer review but all that need to be said is, "Go to Wild!". Absolutely amazing on all levels. The owner even came by and thanked us. She was so welcoming as was the rest of the staff

Pizza, amazing. 
Soup, amazing. 
Tres Leches cupcakes, amazing. 

"Go to Wild!"
Yes please! Vegetarians paradise.  I had the white pizza...it was delicious...the crust was crispy!  Everything on their menu is gluten free....great location and just really great and filling...good prices too...I will be back!
Absolutely delicious! Went in with two friends while hanging out downtown on a Saturday night. No wait (compared to the 1 hour wait at Le Thai...geez) 
My friends both got the Green Giant (not sure of exact name) cocktail, gin and kale juice, surprisingly super yummy. Short but nice beer list. The soup special (carrot and ginger) was thick tasted just like a fresh carrot, tasty. Their quinoa salad was nicely plated and good as well. The Tikka Masala pizza...I can not recommend enough, so frickin good! I got the personal pizza but you could easily share it. The Wild White pizza was really good too and the herb mushroom pasta didn't even taste like it was gluten free. 
Our server, Amanda was really nice and super attentive too.
Extremely disappointed and upset. Was really excited to eat here but literally had to walk out because ALL the seating was so uncomfortable it was impossible for me to even sit long enough to order.  I walked next door to Rachel's cafe. 

Not a place for anyone who has anytype of back/tailbone injury and needs soft seating. All of their chairs are metal or rock hard wood.
We made a special trip from the Northwest into town to dine at WILD. Parking was easy, but it was a weekday at 1:30. The decor is quite charming and seating limited if you desire an intimate table for 2 or 4. It was difficult to choose from so many gluten-free options! But we went with a basic pizza and a grilled chicken sand which. For starters we shared a square bowl of their tomato soup. Warning- the soup has a bite to it, so if you're a weenie like myself, be prepared. The pizza was good, nothing remarkable and the chicken sand which was terrific. Although it too had a bite to it , pleasantly surprising for my husband. We were seated next to the pastry display and after gazing at them for 45 minutes were forced to order. Oh my. Oh my, oh my, oh my! The Tres Leche cupcake was divine, probably the best gluten-free dessert I can remember having and I will be back for more. Why did I only give 4 stars? The water  in the bottle we were given was from "filtered tap water". Yuck! It had the weirdest aftertaste and I truly don't understand why it would ever be served.
The only full gluten free restraunt in town. I'm so excited to write this review I'm sitting at the bar doing so. Duo yourself a favor and get the jolly  green machine cocktail. Gin, St Germaine, sparkling water... And fresh squeezed kale juice. Oh M Gee. I can't explain... How amazing this concept is. I thought I was the only one who used my juicer for alcohol purposes. 

And the menu.... Vegan options galore! From flat breads to pasta to salads to cupcakes, I'm in heaven. Katie the bartender is freaking awesome too. Come check Out this hidden gem downtown in the odgen.
Love this concept, loved the restaurant look and feel, but the food was nothing great. Some of the dishes that seemed vegan actually had cream garnished on top of them (dairy is not stated on their menu under the item description) and had to be sent back (quinoa salad). Cocktails were great!!! And the vegan cupcakes were soooo good! That was the highlight of out brunch, but the pizzas and pasta dishes were very bland. Sorry to say I will not be back :(
On Day 2 of our Vegas Family Vacation, after scrounging around trying to find food I could eat safely, I finally had the brilliant thought to put "gluten free" into my Yelp search and found this place, just a couple blocks away from us. 

WILD serves up locally grown/sourced completely gluten free fare. The server told us no gluten enters the place, which is good news for celiacs.

We arrived around 6 on Wednesday night. There was only one other party in the restaurant. There were people eating in the bar, too. We were immediately greeted by the bartender and some people sitting in the one comfy booth by the kitchen (women who had a laptop and appeared to be doing some paperwork. One of them asked how everything was as we were walking out, so I presume they worked here).

Now, my youngest, who is 8, was super cranky on the walk over, having been unable to nap. We were worried, but she had a nice time here and relaxed quite a bit.

I liked the decor: rustic wood meets industrial. Initially we were seated at the picnic table, but it was not comfy, so I asked if we could move to another table. (I like that table better too, said our server, leading me to wonder why he hadn't seated us there in the first place. Although he was super duper nice).

We ordered 3 pizzas. Local mozzarella with cherry tomatoes and basil, and the chicken tikka marsala. One pizza ($9) could be big enough for 2, but there were 4 people eating pizza, and we ended up eating all of it. My son ordered the wild mushroom pasta. I also got the ginger lemonade, which is made fresh (chunks of lemon and seeds to prove it!) and pleasantly sour ($4, no refills).

I really liked the gluten-free crust. It was more like a flatbread pizza, crunchy yet chewy. I loved the mozzarella and the cherry tomatoes were sweet, though I wished they'd been cut up and distributed more instead of plopping whole ones on top. The chicken tikka marsala was also good-- actually I could not discern any chicken at all and figured it was cut up into the marsala. 

The wild mushroom pasta consisted of a bowl of vegan spaghetti noodles broken into two-inch pieces, topped with lightly sauteed mushrooms and (vegan cheese?) and raw spinach. It had no sauce on it. I guess it didn't say it did in the description, either. It was bland. I thought it was a pretty pricey bowl of nothing for $14. He did not eat much of it.

We also got a plate of sauteed veggies for my kids to eat, since they hadn't eaten a proper veggie in a couple days. This was a generously sized platter of broccoli and red peppers and mushrooms.

We also got vegan cupcakes: the dulce de leche, chocolate with coffee frosting, and the spinach kale with avocado frosting (yes, you read that right). I liked the dulce de leche the best-- you could not tell it was vegan. I liked the coffee-tinged chocolate frosting because it cut the sweetness of the chocolate, though that one didn't taste non-vegan like the dulce de leche. The spinach kale was surprisingly good-- it tasted like a spice cake with a sour cream cheese frosting.

So, definitely stop here if you're in Vegas and need to have some gluten free food. The people in there are really nice, and nobody was smoking, and everything was clean. A good break from the hubbub.

Two suggestions for the place: tweak the pasta dish we had to be, well, tasty. And,let the customer have the one booth in the entire place that has padded seating (or just get comfier chairs).
This was my first visit to Wild and to an entirely gluten-free menu. I was pleasantly surprised at just how good everything was. The owner stopped by our table and was very receptive to additional ideas and is always looking for ways to improve. I started with a grilled cheese and tomato soup. It was very hearty! We decided to split two desserts to up our sweetness. We opted for the Tres Leches cupcake and the apple pie. Both were even better than they looked!

I'll definitely come back. I really want to try the pasta!
The pizza I ordered was the veggie gluten free pizza. Of course it wasn't as good as the real thing but it sure was tasty! The ginger lemonade was also great and the staff was super friendly.
The drink menu is amazing ! They have plenty of vegan, vegetarian, and gluten free options even in drinks and dessert!  Great for a drink and s snack.
I brought a party of 14 ladies here for my sister's bachelorette party last weekend. I was utterly impressed. The space is modern, rustic, with a hipster vibe. Our server (whose name escapes me, as it was a very eventful weekend) was awesome. She had an answer to all our questions and handled our large party with poise. The food was simply delicious. The entire menu is gluten free and they also have tons of vegetarian and vegan options. The pizzas had a thin crunchy crust and the topping combinations are interesting and totally yum. We also sampled their salads and pastas, nobody was disappointed. They were also able to give us all separate checks, which was incredibly helpful. Overall it was a five star experience and I will come back every time I am in Vegas!
Nice little place in The Ogden. Rustic-looking interior goes with the entire nature-goodness/organic/gluten-free mantra of the restaurant itself. I have no need to eat gluten free and I'll be the first person to say, hey, sometimes I eat Taco Bell, so obviously I am not a food purist. However - WILD lives up to expectations as to what it is and how its food should  taste - an all natural, pleasantly surprising experience awaits you.\

The menu boasts flat-bread pizzas for the most part, but I was not interested in those. Instead I opted for their delicious (not to mention picturesque) bruschetta. Topped with usual suspects of tomatoes (yellow and red), basil, mint, mozzarella, sunflower seeds, and a balsamic. All together presents a sweet and spiced-up medley of flavors.

I also enjoyed their tomato soup. I creamy-grainy rendition which packs quite a punch of flavor in every bite.

Lastly, I ended with a slice of apple pie, which I hate to say, was pretty dang bad. Very dry and flavorless. I suspect this may be from the gluten-free and less-sugary ingredients that went in the pie to make it natural and gluten free. It was really lacking that sumptuous apple-pie flavor and texture I am so used to.

Besides the dessert, my experience was great. Service was good and food, although on the pricey side, lives up to the standards the restaurant boasts.
They think pretty highly of themselves. Lots of gluten free stuff which is ok. But kinda overpriced for what it is IMO. Paying for location and atmosphere vs. originality and sustenance. I tried it, but that's probably as far as it will go. 
Note: The staff was very friendly and accommodating but very forgetful.
I'm back and forth on this place. 

I am for the most part on a gluten free diet. I do cheat, but I have allergic reactions to it. 
I have a friend that is a vegan, so we wanted to accommodate her. They do have a pretty small menu to choose from. So, that was not a challenge in finding something to eat. The only thing that really caught my eye was the pizzas. 
Oddly enough, we went on a Sunday and this is prime time for Vegas and the brunch goers. Most places you try to go to for brunch in town are packed. This place was dead - I think there was only one other person in the restaurant. In order for this place to keep going, they must be kickin' some serious ass during the week or at night. It is in a corporate building and it's an odd location. 

I had the Spicy Prosciutto Pizza - 
To my surprise, it was very good. The sauce was excellent and it had a perfect amount of topping. The crust was okay, it is gluten free. Anything that is bread without gluten is usually disgusting. Like dried out spongy cardboard. But, I was surprised at how well they did with making it taste as normal as possible. 

I had tried some of the pastas that my friends got and they were okay. Very dry tasting, very bland and I could tell they were not happy because they barely ate any of it. 

Another plus, the mimosas were good! 
Also, the waitress was super nice and made sure we were taken care of well. The staff was friendly and the food and drinks came out very promptly! 


Not sure if I'll go back. If I do, it'll be because of another vegan or gluten free friend.
I wanted to like this place considering it stands alone as an organic gluten free restaurant, but here's the issue... 

First off, it's tiny, and not at all comfortable to eat in.  I get that it's going for a hipster vibe which I like, but the plastic chairs are just not fun to sit in.  The decor is cool otherwise.  

Ok, now for the menu.  It's limited, but they do make their own pizza dough which is unique around here.  The pizza is good.  The pasta on the other hand...It's bland.  I've tried a couple different ones and they are not at all interesting.  I ordered the 
Cecca which is basically pasta with tomatos, basil and shrimp.  I told the server i was allergic to shellfish so could I replace with chicken.  Didnt know that meant he was going to add $4 to the total.  So my $16 pasta with tomatos and shredded chicken turned into $20 and it sure didnt taste like a $20 pasta.  

My friend asked for a vegan pizza.  Server brought her one with cow cheese.  She asked to make sure it was vegan when it arrived and he said "yeah, o wait... you wanted vegan cheese?  well..how much is on there?"  implying she could scrape it off?! 

I get so annoyed when places that are supposed to cater and pride themselves on serving allergy friendly food, act all inconvenienced when they make a mistake and you cant eat it.  Sorry, i just dont want to die or anything....my bad.. Plus im saving you th trouble of having to carry my lifeless body out the back.

He brought her a new pizza, i ate while we waited for hers.  Didnt offer to take my pasta back to keep warm, didnt take anything off the bill.  just awkward.

I understand that this is the only option for gluten free organic in vegas, but sooo not impressed.  These places are all over LA and NY so I was excited, but o so let down.  

Mediocre service, bland-ok food, not comfy, pricey.  pass...
I came into WILD after the gym and had dinner at the bar. The salad I ordered came out fairly quickly while the pizza took half an hour. I liked the smoked tofu in the salad but the dressing was too sour. The ingredients on the pizza worked really well together but there was too much lemon vinaigrette on top which overpowered the goat cheese and the caramelized onions.
I decided to check this place out after seeing some positive comments on facebook. I was warmly greeted and told it would be a moment when I entered. It was lunch time and very busy. I chose to sit at the bar to speed the process up. I was served water quickly and asked if I would like anything else to drink. I placed my order, the Veggie Burger with potato salad, all vegan and gluten free by the way. 

As I'm waiting for my lunch to arrive a fresh bowl of guacamole shows up. She was walking so fast I really didn't get time to tell her I didn't order it. We had a brief conversation about this being my first time here, I really wasn't sure if she was just letting me try it out. I let it sit for a minute thinking she might realize it and come back, but then my hunger took over. I figured I would just pay for it. Of course, a few minutes later she came by and said she had given it to the wrong table. She was very nice about and joked about it being vegan as well. The guac was fantastic. Just the right amount of everything. 

My lunch shows up and wow! First off this is not a barely warmed over Boca burger. Nothing against the fine folks at Boca, but some restaurants keep these frozen pucks on hand for the sake of having something vegetarian on the menu. The Chef at Wild has put a great deal of thought and care into this baby. It had a nice crust on it which is rare in the veggie burger world. This thing is bursting with flavor! I would love to know what all is in it. Oh and the gluten free bun, puffy and light as air. Again not sure how they pulled that one off. My vegan potato salad was a treat as I don't get to have that too often. I will say the onions were a bit overpowering. I don't think there were too many I just think they were really strong. The service was excellent, priced very fair and cool feel to the place.  Very nice guy bartender who was very attentive. I will be back to this little Downtown jewel.
It is not often I am able to obtain vegan food that taste great. I was pleasantly surprised. This place is downtown where there is a plethora of greasy, fat, carb dangerous foods.
     My bartenders name was Art. He was very nice and well informed. The entertainment that nite was perfect. 
    Overall great place....
I have been to Wild several times for lunch and dinner and I have yet to be disappointed. The food is excellent and the service is always amazing. The other day, I had the Ahi Tuna burger, and that  was SO good. The nachos there are really delicious, too. I also had a Gluten Free Blonde Ale that went with everything perfectly! It's refreshing to eat gluten free pasta/bread/pizzas that are well prepared and really great! I also took a bite of my friends veggie burger and it was delicious! I have yet to try anything there that wasn't great, and I can't wait to take my best friend, who is gluten intolerant,  there this coming week! Finding a tasty gluten free restaurant in Vegas is hard, unless you make your way to the the Odgen Hotel and enjoy a meal at Wild! 

Btw the gluten free carrot cake cupcake is REALLY good. Mmm... Save some room!
This place is amazing! I come here often and love it more and more each time. The service is great and the food is superb. I love how healthy their options are. Definitely some place you need to check out. Right In The middle of the new and improved downtown area. You won't regret it :)
Believe... BELIEVE the negative comments on Yelp about this place.  I think this place would be a welcome respite from Vegas's slow response to address a market with growing dietary sensitivities.  So, I can see why locals would like this place, but seriously, if you live in any other major city, this place would be on the bottom of your GF establishment lists.

Uncomfortable?  Yes.  Tables small, even for the audaciously meager portions?  Yes.  Poorly educated waiters who clearly haven't gotten familiar with different types of diets, allergies and the fact that these are the sole contributing factors to why anyone would come to this place?  A HUGE YES.  A place where you'll walk in hungry and walk out hungry?  Yup.  Overpriced, too.

Service was slow.  I waited 30 minutes for my server to come over.  After she complained about a huge party that was taking up her time, I looked around to see a room full of empty chairs.  When she was at our table (clearly indicating this "inconvenienced" attitude) she wasn't familiar with the ingredients on the dishes and had to run back to have long conversations with the chef.  Even TGIFrday employees know ingredients.  THIS IS A SPECIALTY RESTAURANT THAT CATERS TO PEOPLE WHO CARE A HELLUVA LOT ABOUT INGREDIENTS.  Servers need to meet an acceptable level of standards related to its clientele.

Sorry to hate on this place so much, but seriously, this is some full-of-itself amateur hour stuff.  The impractical (yet beautiful) interior design is not enough on it's own.  Just because you're the only game in town for the Zappos crowd doesn't mean you shouldn't step up your game at all.
I love Wild and all it great healthy minded food. I especially Love Elyse and her great staff. Wild downtown Las Vegas Favorite !!
If you're looking for a dining spot that offers healthy and tasty food, WILD is the place for you! I usually have my lunch to-go, and I love the meal options there. Food is very comforting and I don't feel heavy after my meal. Plus, I can satisfy my sweet tooth with the delicious desserts!

If you haven't tried this place yet, check it out when you get chance!
This place is Omazing' for numerous reasons. I have yet to try something that was not to my liking. I used to think gluten was the good stuff in food. Nope! The chefs @WILD create some of the most delicious items that you would not believe were vegan or gluten free. I smashed the chili the last time I was there and did not know it was vegan. It was meaty (so I thought), juicy and full of flavor. I recommend EVERYTHING! The lentil curry, the nachos and the ginger lemonade with a shot of vodka. Those are my suggestions!
The vibe was pretty nice, but I have to say the food quality was less than average.

I've never thought a flatbread with Prosciutto, marinara and basil can go wrong like this. I won't waste my time describing in details but simply, it wasn't tasty. Also the pasta was not only too greasy but the pasta was overcooked.

It was a typical "it tastes worse than it looks" kind of experience.

What a bummer.
I love this place! So many amazing, healthy choices! My friend and I split the nachos which were simply perfect. Then I moved on to the zucchini spaghetti, it was just like eating spaghetti when I was a kid again but of course a much healthier version. 

I really enjoy the attention to detail that the entire staff showed through my experience as well. They all had great suggestions on everything. 

This is a must when visiting downtown....or better yet a reason to go downtown. See you again soon Wild LV!
I had a very nice experience at WILD a few months back. The chicken sandwich was very juicy and tasty, the service was very good and the ambiance was peaceful and friendly. I must say that the dessert was heavenly, Tatiana is one the best pastry chefs I've ever known. This is a wonderful place to go for healthy, and tasty selection of great foods to fit most palates. Go check out WILD and see for yourself.
Staying in the downtown area for July 4th weekend. Decided to try out Wild; and glad we did. Really good food (they also have a bar). Had fig salad and ahi tuna burger; very delicious and healthy. Atmosphere is nice. Service was attentive and nice too. Menu is limited, but it's on their site, so check it out. Be forewarned, I think only street parking and the oven roasted chicken on the menu is only available after 5p.

This place is worth a try. So check it out if you are in the area! Definitely would go again.
I've loved this place from the moment they've opened. To begin, the service is always stellar, the food is delicious and the atmosphere is intimate and relaxing. 

I love being able to leave feeling full but not that "oh crap why did I eat that" full. A healthy full. 

I didn't mention the desserts. If you don't do anything, do the desserts. I once walked from Container Park here just for a cupcake.

WILD is a great spot downtown and working downtown, it is a place I often recommend.
This is quite a bit off the strip, but if you have to eat gluten free, THIS IS AS GOOD AS IT GETS!!!!!    Everything in the place is GF!  Flat bread is amazing for GF!  We had curry hummus that was stellar and all had pizza's.  The pizza was great, the staff was super friendly and well trained!   The price point was super affordable!  I wish this place was near my house, I'd be there several times a week!
Delicious and healthy. Always fresh and a million options to choose from. AND breakfast served all day. Everyone leaves happy!
100 % Very good and healthy
Kept forgetting to try this place and I am so happy we finally did! They list calories and have wheat and white pita. A ton of different options as well. So delicious and amazing! I can't wait to come back .
So I had Pita Pit tonight for dinner and it was so-so. Its definitely a subway-esque fast food joint.  I got the chicken souvlaki and was really disappointed by the quality of the chicken, it very spongy and some pieces seemed discolored.  The vegetables tasted fresh though and the pita itself was good I just couldn't stomach that meat.  If for some reason I find myself back at Pita Pit I'd definitely go the veggie route.
Good healthy food and great service. Priced just right too. They also have a freestyle machine. The owner and staff are extremely friendly.
I usually dont give 5 stars.  I have been to Pita Pit on Maryland pkwy numerous times in the last 2 weeks.  The staff is always extremely nice, friendly and they go out of their way to make sure you have a good experience.  The place is also spotless not a spec anywhere.  Now on to the food.  You order what Pita you want and then you choose either white or wheat pita.  After that you can watch them cook your meat on the flat top .  Next you pick what you want to add and the list is endless.  I have to say i am partial to the Dagwood.  Awesome pita.  Also they are open to midnight on the weekends. Keep it up guys lovin your food.
First off, this place is SPOTLESS. Definitely the cleanest restaurant I've seen in a long time. The owner was there and let us use two coupons at once, score! You chose your meat, wheat or white pita, and a plethora of yummy toppings. The meat is cooked fresh right in front of you after you order. Food was delicious. I had a gyro and my husband had the Philly cheesesteak. The coolest part for me was the drink machine - they have one of those touch screen drink dispensers with about 100 different choices. Loved it. We definitely will be back.
So happy to finally have a Pita Pit in the area!! Friendly, quick service. Ingredients are always fresh and tasty. I always drive by and see hardly any cars, come on people you have to go to Pita Pit!! The falafel is my personal favorite, and who doesn't love the fun soda machine?
I live two blocks from this restaurant, and love the fact that they deliver! Vegas has very little option for food delivery unless you're willing to settle for pizza or chinese.......not the healthiest choices. Pita pit is amazing because it is so diverse, offering a ton of ways to customize your pita, and it's healthy and satisfying.
Great atmosphere. Delicious options. Quick service. Everything you need for a healthy quick bite to eat for lunch it dinner.
I had my first experience with Pita  Pit in Valencia CA and I was so excited to see that we had one in Vegas.  The staff at the Silverado Ranch shop are very friendly and the pitas are just so fresh and delicious!  The set up is similar to Subway but the main difference is that you get a hot pita with so much more meat.  In addition to Subway's selection of veggies, they also have artichoke hearts, corn, a bigger selection of cheese and 2 different types of lettuce to choose from (I love romaine) and much much more.  Great selection of sauces too. Yummy!
Jeesh, does anywhere deliver after 9p on a Saturday night in Las Vegas? I was visiting a girlfriend, we didn't want pizza or Chinese, so our options were limited. We Yelp-ed and finally stumbled upon the Pita Pit at 9:15. The website said that they delivered until 10p, so we thought we were all set.

Ordering online was a real process- it seems as though they have a few different websites and not all of them lead to online orders. After 10 very frustrating minutes trying to navigate them online, we finally called the store, who told us that they didn't take telephone orders, only online ones. 

Ok, back to the website! We FINALLY got to the right one, placed our order, entered all of the information, and clicked "complete my order" at 9:38, only to get an error message saying that they were no longer taking orders for delivery. What?!?! It isn't 10pm yet!!

We called Pita Pit and a very nice employee named Paul apologized for the glitch and said that was an issue that someone else had reported- the website cutting off orders before 10p. He took our order over the telephone and said that he would make sure we got our food and look into the website issue.

Our order arrived shortly, and we were starving. My friend got the Chicken Slouvakki (sp), and I got the Chicken Crave. We also got an order of pita and hummus to share. The pita was just average. Barely warm and kind of tough. The worst for me was my Chicken Crave. It was FULL of onions- the first bite I took was ALL onion! I definitely didn't expect that. I ended up having to unwrap it and try to pick out some of the onions because they were so overwhelming. It also didn't have much sauce on it, so it was a bit dry.

Between the headache ordering and the extra oniony pita.. I don't know if I'm inclined to try Pita Pit again.
I just tried this place on saturday. I already returned back on monday. Lol. This place has really good soft pitas that are steamed to perfection.  The toppings are fresh. The chicken meat was awesome. Did I mention....There guacamole is the bomb. Plus add artichoke! ! Needless to say. Don't forget your rewards card. I went only twice. Next time I go I get a free pita!! fist bump!! The customer service was polite. Props to the pita family.  My son and I enjoyed it very much!!
The food was great. You can customize your pita with lots of toppings including guacamole, roasted peppers, artichokes, and lots more (at no extra charge). I will definitely be back!
Used them quite a few time for delivery. Great selection of sandwiches and pretty decent smoothies. The price is also fairly decent for what you get. The biggest perk of this place to me is delivery service as its typically our first choice when ordering out. I would recommend them.
Love this place for a quick and healthy lunch. Their ingredients always look nice and fresh. My fav is the spicy black bean pita. I probably come here about twice a week before work. Definitely give this place a try.
Attentive and warm staff, great selection of healthy pitas and dairy free options on their delicious smoothies without breaking the bank - Pita Pit just knocked Subway off the sandwich throne.
I've been going to Pita Pit since I was a kid in SD and a weekly regular in college in Sacramento so to finally see this in Vegas makes me so excited. The chicken crave is my go to pita and was delicious as always. Service lacked a little, otherwise it would have been 5 stars.
This is a brand new location for this healthy fast-casual smoothie chain. I've never eaten at one before this, and I wasn't even aware they had food aside from just smoothies... but oh man, they do, and it is good. 

I had a Chipotle Chicken Flatread thing which was kind of like a soft taco eating experience, but it was on a soft fluffy pita type of bread. The chicken was super tender and flavorful - perfectly cooked and beautifully seasoned. Most places overcook chicken which makes it tough and chewy, but the chicken here is juicy morsels of deliciousness. My sandwich also had bacon and cheese and veggies inside - all of it tasted just as fresh and delicious.

The prices here are unbelievably low for the quality you get as well. My sandwich was only like 4 bucks, and it was better than similar meals I've had at twice the price. It's so much healthier eating here than at a fast food place, but the price point seems to be in the same league. I know there was bacon and cheese in what I ate, but I still feel like I did my body a favor eating here instead of somewhere like Sonic or Subway or BK etc... It's strange because the prices here suggest those as their competition, but the quality of the food and fast-casual setup suggests more upscale. 

I suggest you eat here before they come to their senses and raise the prices appropriately. This is a family owned franchise... really nice folks. If you twisted my arm to come up with a gripe, I would say that the noise from them whipping up smoothies can get kinda loud if you're dining it, but this is the same issue at all smoothie places. Who cares. This place is great, and I'm going to put it on my list of places to hit up. Looks like there are less than a dozen locations in the Valley with more on the way.
This place's smoothie is fantastic, way more variety than places like Jamba Juice and the price is a little better too. While there isn't anything wrong with the food here I just think that you can get food else where and save a bit of money. I salads are a tad expensive for what it is.
Absolutely horrible smoothies are made with water.. Go down the road to Dairy Queen and get a better smoothie
Oh how I wish I could give more. I love tropical smoothie but I may have to rethink this location. I walked into the store and only one other customer was there. They were having some sort of malfunction with the registrar so thy were writing orders down by hand, no big deal. I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap with no tomatoes (yum!) I sat done at a table unable to pay and waited to see what the process would be. One worker was on the phone trying to fix the phone while another made the smoothies and the third just trolled around unsure what to do. The unsure one brought me my smoothie and some post it notes where he asked for my card to write down the number. I was not super keen on the idea but understood they need my money some way another. He wrote down all my info and then they got the machines working. He began to ring up my order which came out to double them amount, thank goodness I didn't end up blind sided by the charge later. I explained to him how the meals work and he then lowered the price. I asked for the paper with my card back, just to be safe. After all that I got my wrap where he just then realized he put tomatoes on it because he " forgot to read the note". Unfortunately for his excuse it was lousy considering he was the one that took the note. I said it was ok and wanted to be on my way because I was real ready to go by then. All in all I think it's best if these workers have some sort of management around.


Update, just got home to eat my food and it taste terrible. And not just because of the tomatoes!
I originally came in because I bought a Groupon for this place a month ago and the lady working there wouldn't take it because she said it was for another Tropical Smoothie in Gilbert. There's not another Tropical Smoothie and I let her know. When she still refused to acknowledge my Groupon I asked to speak to a manager and she rolled her eyes and said she was the manager and she was not going to take my Groupon at all. I called Groupon and they had said there was a misprint on the Groupon and that I did go to the correct store. However I was too pissed to go back. 

Came back a month later with my guard up. I didn't need it, because that horrible woman wasn't there and apparently it was happy hour! The guy behind the counter convinced me to save my Groupon because my order was cheaper on happy hour. He was just all around friendly and helpful. It made me glad I gave this place a second chance!

Now about the actual food - it's not exactly paleo friendly. Everything is pre-processed including the smoothies which are just a bunch of powder and juices mixed together. The sandwiches are nice but not amazing. If your looking for something sweet and refreshing I would try the cranberry truffle and if you like pesto then you can't go wrong with the Chicken Pest flatbread sandwich.

Will I come back? Yes - only to use up the rest of my Groupons and only for Happy Hour. The food isn't good enough for full price.
I bought a groupon for here when a few gfs and I were going to meet for lunch. I'm glad I had it because I don't find it worth paying full price for what they offer or for their customer service. 

I got a Caesar wrap, a sunrise smoothie and a kids pizza meal with an extra kid smoothie. The girl behind the counter couldn't answer any of my questions when it came to the smoothies, I asked a simple question too like what's the different in supercharged ones vs indulgent she just said I don't know. Okay thanks super helpful. Then they forgot the extra kids smoothie and when I asked about it she said hold on yet no one ever brought it out and after my meal asked to be refunded. 

I'll only go back to use my last two vouchers and will probably only get smoothies and avoid the food. I did notice they had a good happy hour deal on smoothies so if I did visit again without a groupon would probably be during that special.
We have been customers of this chain for 5 years and love their food and smoothies. 

This particular location is relatively new (less than a year old currently) and in an extremely busy location.  Becuase of this the staffing levels are sporadic on the weekends and sometimes there is a 20 min wait for food. Generally it is les than 5. 

While the food and smoothies are great the cleanliness of this location is always an issue. In particular, the bathrooms are never cleaned properly. I have three young children and I honestly don't even let them use it unless it's an absolute emergency. 

It's very disappointing because the staff is nice and the manager seems to be capable. I don't know how the single bathrooms gets overlooked so often. 

Otherwise a favorite of our family. We are here several times a week.
A caf serving kick ass coffee, vegetable and fruit juices, powered up smoothies, raw desserts, soups, porridge, salads, coconut water, and with the happiest vibe around.

Run by the lovely ladies who own Meadowlark and Ashtanga Yoga Edinburgh (the yoga school on the corner two doors down), they took over No 39 and stripped off the dark red walls, threw out the white chocolate flapjacks, got a new coffee machine with advice from Freemans, and voila! My new favourite caf in Edinburgh.

Don't diss raw food till you've tried it. This isn't vegan food that tastes like rabbit food. This is delicious treats, salads and vegetable juices that will make you feel AMAZING, and taste delicious. Raw cheesecake has no dairy or gluten, or added sugar. It's cashew butter with cacao (or banana or something similar) for the topping, and crushed nuts for the base. I dare you to try it and not like it. 

And paired with one of those rocket fuel coffees, its a match made in heaven. The coffee was quite pricey at 2.20 for a small cup of Americano. But it was the best coffee I've had in a long long time (and I drink a lot).

The juices are largely vegetable based too. Fennel, cucumber, beetroot. None of the blood sugar spike you get from an orange and apple juice, or a berry smoothie (pretty much the same reaction on your blood sugar as cake). Nope. A green juice with ginger is going to cure that hangover far better than a bacon egg roll (trust me, I'm a devotee of bacon).

They opened on the weekend of 8th November, and have shut the week 11th November to consolidate. I think they re-open 15th November so I suggest you head down there when they do and grab a kick-ass coffee, super charged juice and raw treat.
The food, coffee and juices in this new pop-up cafe are awesome!  The Breakfast Club deal is especially good value - big bowl of granola with fruit, a juice and a coffee - 6.50.
mmmmm, the ALMOND MILK. they need to sell this stuff by the gallon, because it's lovely- thick,creamy, a touch sweet, and about a 100 times better than my home made efforts. i'm having withdrawals.

also having withdrawal for their green juice- who knew vegetables could taste so good juiced up?

i arrived on the day they were prepping everything after a weekend rush, so didnt get to sample their meusli - boooo - but with extremely friendly staff, tasty food and a great breakfast deal, i will be back!
No, but you don't understand, it isn't LIKE that, guys. It isn't snooty. It isn't scene. In fact, if you didn't know that everything here was good and virtuous, that whatever your dietary requirements you are probably guaranteed to find it catered for, you wouldn't realise that that was the whole point. Sure, there's gluten free stuff, vegan stuff, dairy free stuff, juice cleanses, organic boosters, aaaaaaall that jazz.

But it doesn't feel preachy or superior - it's just... really nice. Wooden tables, big front window in a leafy street in Marchmont just beside the Meadows, lots of light and space, and a mighty fine looking lemon tart I want to go back and try. Yep, it's a winner. Maybe they could do with a couple more comfy places to sit, perhaps, as one of my lasting memories is of "quite hard".

However, my carrot, orange and celery juice was a super-refreshing start to a day that would later contain, from another establishment, two coffees in a row and the world's largest slice of red velvet cake, and yet I felt healthy all day because of the juice. Maybe that's the only danger here: the ability to fool yourself your diet is JUST FINE because you feel so good from just the smallest Meadowlarking of a morning.
I was so happy to find Rachel's Kitchen at the airport! In a sea of fried food and pre-packaged questionable looking sandwiches, a healthy option was exactly what I wanted after a week in Las Vegas. Rachel's had a great variety of smoothies, sandwiches, salads, and healthy snacks available. I grabbed a spinach salad for my plane ride-- it was topped with fresh mushrooms, tomatoes, goat cheese, and bacon with an herb vinaigrette and was fresh and actually really tasty. I wouldn't have even known that it was airport food! Will definitely be looking for Rachel's on my next trip to Vegas.
Easy to enjoy such clean fresh food. This restaurant would be a great addition to any city.  It is wonderful to have restaurant owners who are responding to our community wanting more organic and healthier choices.
Average food, average menu, average everything. Not really a "kitchen" -- more like a smoothie and juice bar with a large grab-and-go case, and some sandwiches. For an airport venue, it has a good presence and benefits from well thought-out branding, although it borders on mom-and-pop just because of the disconnect between the branding and the actual experience. 3.5 stars.
A nicer alternative to starbucks overpriced and overrated coffee. Try the organic coffee.
The food was great and the service was even better. I was feeling exhausted and couldn't think of what I might want so an employee took me through the menu and her choice was delicious. Thanks again Mimi
I am so excited for Alexandra.  Kaleidoscope Juice has another location.  They just opened yesterday 12/27/13.  After a week of holiday eating, I needed to cleanse my body.  I could feel it, so I headed to the new location and got my favorite juices.  Green Dragon is my all time favorite.  I got Anton's Spinach, Hot Yogi, and Keri also.  They will also offer salads, smoothies, shakes and coffee at this location.  It is really cute, just a little bit west of Scottsdale Road on 1st. Avenue.  Great location in Old Town.  Maybe after a night of partying and drinking people should consider detoxing here.  Just a thought.
I have been wanting to try a Kaleidoscope juice for a while now, but I live in San Diego and I don't think SoCal is within delivery boundaries!  

I was laid up in bed sick as a dog when I was scrolling through my Instagram feed and saw Antonyoga11 posted a sweet pic about a new juice bar location. I was so stoked and thought to myself "this is just what I need to get better!" The next day as I was feeling better I met a friend to grab a juice and check the place out. FYI: They have another location 2 blocks away where they make the cold pressed juice and they have a runner that shuttles over Flavors they don't have in the cooler, so make sure you don't make this mistake. Even if you do it's walking distance so no big. 

After we found it we oohed and aahed at the awesome building and colors. I especially love the logo design. The two people behind the counter were really helpful. They explained the cold press process and what other bevys and snacks you could get there. I opted for Anton's spinach and it was deeeeelicious! Highly recommend this. Also, on the table inside they had a cute baking sheet of some goodies cut up for sampling. There is a small bar and a larger communal table for seating. Outside they had a cute patio with chairs, not to mention a walk up window which is awesome!

This place is going to kill it in Scottsdale! Next I want to try the cleanses.
This new location is so cute. And not to mention delicious. A girlfriend and I stopped in to check it out. The bullet proof coffee is divine, it's a mix of espresso and other energy boosting goodies (Lucuma powder, kidney bean extract, coconut butter) I swear you don't need any extra sweetener. I've had their juices before, I know they're amazing. Going back to try the beneficial fro-yo!
Kaleidoscope's new location is great! Pick up a juice, smoothie, coffee, peanut butter protein cookie or wheat grass shot all from the bike up window. All products are organic, and made with lots of love! The staff is helpful and attentive to your personal needs regardless if you just want a pick me up in the form of juice or coffee, or a life transforming cleanse. 

Go try it! It may just change your life...
The best juice spot in the city...hands down!  Plus, this spot has so much more and the space is amazing.
Simply put....this is one of my favorite places in Arizona. The juice is amazing and the staff is superb! They all have tremendous knowledge of their product and available to answer all your questions. I am stuck on "The Immortal Machine" and "Gold Juice" right now but I will continue to make my way through the menu. Not only will you feel great from the fantastic food and juice but you'll feel good just being there. Amazing place and you must go!
Every now and then, I learn a little something from my husband...

One of the most recent things I learned is that Kaleidoscope not only has juice, but they have salads as well.  And when I went in to see for myself, I learned that they actually have a ton of other menu options too (coffee, smoothies, muffins, cookies, burritos, granola, and so much more!)

Jared stopped by their new store a few weeks ago and told me about his kale quinoa salad.  Always looking for healthy lunch options in the 'hood, I ended up going in myself and was oh so pleasantly surprised.  I already had one of their salads and I plan on doing one of their "Juice 'til Dinner Cleanses" tomorrow (along with Jared and his sister, Alexa M).  We'll have a total of four juices and one of their salads each... I'm actually excited to try them and I am already anticipating feeling great during and after, so I'll report back once done.  (The power of optimism, right people?!)

The ladies working when I stopped by were super friendly and knowledgeable... (shout out to you both: Jess and Jessie I believe).

With three locations in the Valley including this main one, I'm sure I'm not the only one that is grateful you exist.  Thanks to Kaleidoscope for creating healthy food options that are appealing and easily accessible in today's busy world!
This place is amazing. With a city as huge as Phoenix/Scottsdale and only a handful of places that actually have REAL ORGANIC healthy food it is incredibly refreshing to stumble across Kaleidoscope!!! A neighbor turned me onto them. I had an amazing salad and coffee. The staff was very friendly and informative. If you care what you put into your body check this place out ASAP!!!
What a great little place filled with a warm energy that is calmly invigorating. The service, the products, and the atmosphere are all superb. 

My faves so far are the myriad of juices, their version of bulletproof coffee, and the Acai bowl. I can't wait to try the chai.
This place gives me so much joy it's unbelievable. Everything that they make here is delicious, healthy and makes you feel good hours and days later. 

Their 6-juice/day cleanse is hearty and doesn't leave you hungry. 

Their snacks (especially the hemp bars) are SO GOOD. They're also good for you. Low in calories, sugar, salt and carbs. 

Their meals - the soba noodle is my favorite are also incredibly healthy but fill you up AND you have leftovers because the portions are large. 

Their food and juices make me happy inside and out. Support Local and shop at Kaleidoscope.
Best chocolate mocha I have had. Great service by the Hollywood Brunette.
When it comes to organic, cold pressed juice and delicious, healthy snacks, Kaleidoscope is the best.  Don't miss this place!!
OK so I TRY to feed my machine right when I travel and that often never happens. I was in the mood for a "real" juice (i.e. cold pressed) so I yelped and found this place just minutes from my hotel. I made the trip twice!
The KERI juice was yummo and the aai bowl was unreal... ridiculous... like crazy good. So good that I was scraping the bottom looking for more. I came back the next day for another. ;-)
If you're nearby it's worth a visit! Cool people, great energy.
Amazing!!! Bullet Proof coffee is spectacular. I'd come here every day if I didn't live in New York. This will be a must visit place whenever I'm in Phoenix.
What an incredible group of doers and givers!!!!  So giving and passionate about helping others.    
It is definitely worth it to swing by and grab a nutrient BLAST to fill your body with amazing foods.   They all taste incredible, and extremely FRESH!
This place got everything right.

Great energy, inviting vibe.  All organic and gluten free.  

I went with the Immortal Machine smoothie (banana, almond milk, almond butter, gluten free oats, vanilla warrior powder and about 7 other healthy supplements).  Dynamite.

And while I was waiting I discovered a package of GLUTEN FREE Almond Butter Chocolate Chip Protein Cookies.  Can you say impulse purchase?  (I can confirm they are soft, sweet and delicious).

Turns out the girl who took my order, Alexandra, is the founder of this business.  She's always loved nutrition, got a business grant while studying at ASU, and now she has 4 Kaleidoscopes.  I think I kind of fell in love a little?
Another healthy food option with very good vegan food and juices. Great customer service and very convenient location. Sick of chop shop? Hit Kaleidoscope.
Kaleidoscope is quickly becoming a regular stop for me, now that I found out about all kinds of food allergies that I have! Everything at Kaleidoscope is super fresh, and gluten free. I love their juice combinations, they totally beat anything I have come up with at home in my own kitchen. As they should, the staff are total pro's and really know their products. It's a fun environment, healthy, and quick! Absolutely worth your time and money.
Great Juice! My husband and I just got back from LA and discovered a wonderful juicery/restaurant called Kreation. We came home bummed that we didn't have one here. We did a little research and came across Kaleidoscope. We both did 5 days cleanses, the juice was great. The staff was super helpful and friendly. 

Favorite Juice: Hot Yogi or Anton's Spinach
I had their strawberry protein drink and it was super yummy and filling. While I was checking out they were making one of the bowls and it looked amazing trying it next time.
Tried the Chicken wrap today for lunch. The tablets on the tables were super easy to use and made ordering absolutely amazing! No waiting for a waitress, yet their service was still on point. This is a MUST TRY if ur in Summerlin. Enjoy!
Oh and the Chicken Wrap was awesome!
Krayvings Yelp Review

My wife and I came in for lunch at 11 am for the grand opening.

ATMOSPHERE
Not crowded, with a comfortable amount of people already at lunch; picking up as we were leaving at 1230.
Casual cafe dining, open floor plan, no booths, outdoor seating available
Spread steel chairs and rectangular tables with wooden tops, each table seats two, but the tables can easily be pushed together for larger groups
Vaulted ceilings
Mellow, up beat music like John Mayer or John Mellencamp

ORDERING
Done through a tablet touch screen at each table
Menus are separated by breakfast, greens (salad), wraps, bread (sandwiches), sides, dessert, drinks, bowls (soup), and grab and go (chips, cookies, pastries).
After you select your food, you have the option of customizing your order (adding/reducing ingredients).  Keep in mind that adding options will probably increase the meal cost while reducing or removing options will likely keep the price the same.
The tablets have a Call Server button in the upper right hand corner that will bring your attendant over.
All food and drinks are brought to you by the server.

FOOD
We had the BLT wrap, krayvings veggie wrap, and breakfast bacon, egg, rice wrap.  Each wrap also had a small green salad with dressing included.  All very tasty and fresh.  Salads were crisp and crunchy with slightly sweet and tangy dressing.  
Final bill came out to around $24, including tax, but not tip.
Food is served on brown butcher paper on an aluminum plate.  Flatware and drinking cups are all ECO product plastic, made from plants and bio-degradable & compostable.

CUSTOMER RECOMMENDATIONS
Enjoy browsing through the tablet menu.  Krayvings has many different dishes with a wide variety of customization options.  Take time to enjoy the atmosphere and food.

RESTARUANT RECOMMENDATIONS
Place label stickers on tablets similar to ones on tables to simplify matching tablets to tables.  The tablet at our table didn't work initially so we swapped tablets with a different table; making things confusing because we would receive orders for tables that probably had the tablet linked to our physical table.

Wait for all the orders at one table to be finished before bringing the bills.  Because we had two separate orders, there was some confusion on what our total bill would be.  I can see customers potential taking advantage of this by making multiple orders, but only paying for one bill.

There isn't any direct feedback about whether your server has gotten the Call Servers notification because most of the servers were waiting by the kitchen and drinks to bring out food.  One option is to give small vibrating pagers to each server, that when someone presses the Call Server button, the table number pops up on the pager.

FINAL THOUGHTS
Krayvings is likely to rapidly rise in popularity due to its convenient location between the 215 loop, Red Rock Casino, and Red Rock Canyon.  The food is delicious and healthy.  They will likely overcome the slight tricks with launch and use of tablets for ordering.  My wife and I are likely to eat there again as we enjoy going hiking in Red Rock Canyon and taking friends to new places to eat.
Finally!! A healthy option with fabulous service and a high quality food experience in Summerlin. Can't wait to become a regular! Loved the BBQ Chicken wrap!
The food is really healthy and tastes great! Lots of fantastic drink choices.

The tablet menus are really intuitive and easy to use - you can even customize your order.
This place simply nails it.  Price point is great - spend $10 for a super healthy, fresh meal...or spend $7 at some fast food joint or the chinese spot or bad Italian place in the same shopping center, this place is a no brainer.

Outstanding service (even given the weird tablet order format, which is cool once you get used to it), delicious, fresh, healthy food, and the best part of it all:  a reasonable price point!  This kind of place is something that Summerlin as a whole, and especially this area with so many active people, has been missing out on for some time.

I rarely gush about anywhere, my reviews can attest to this, but I think this place is going to become a serious mainstay and the concept is outstanding.

As far as the food, my first time there I got the shrimp bowl which was good.  The portions were dead on for what it should be, the meal delicious.  My girlfirend picked up a sandwich (can't recall what it was) that I had a bite of and it was great as well.  Total came out to like $21?  Not bad!

Came in for lunch today and spent $10 for the steak bowl, which was outstanding.  

Highly recommended (although some may take some time to get used to the tablet ordering thing)
ALLELUIA!  A healthy food option has opened at the Albertsons plaza on the corner of W. Charleston and Desert Foothills.  A favorite meet-up place for cyclists, runners, and hikers because it's the last stop for food and gas before heading into the Red Rock  Canyon area, Krayvings is a welcome addition to the plaza.  Now we can have recovery food that's not donuts, pizza, bar food, or frozen yogurt.  

Open for less than a week, I met a friend here for dinner who eats clean ALL the time; he's the one who told me about this new place.  Each table has a tablet PC where customers can browse the menu, customize their orders if desired, and hit the "send" button for the kitchen staff.  There are teas, smoothies, salads, sandwiches, wraps, bowls, and pastries to choose from on the menu that is an athlete's dream; there are  protein options here!  I opted for the Steak Superfood Protein Bowl with vegetables and quinoa instead of brown rice.  My friend had the Chicken Superfood Protein Bowl with quinoa, too.  Unfortunately, they had just run out of quinoa and it would be at least 20 minutes before a new batch was ready, so we opted for the brown rice.  Our server offered us free dessert, juice, or a smoothie to compensate for the inconvenience, but nerds that we are, we declined.  The orders took longer than we both thought they should, but I'll chalk that up to this being a new place and give them the benefit of the doubt.  Our bowls had about 5 ounces of meat each, plus at least a cup of brown rice.  The rice was a little soggy for my taste, but the steak was good.  As with a new place, there are lots of staff around and not too many customers yet, but I anticipate that we'll be frequenting this place a lot, especially for breakfast/lunch recovery food.  Welcome to the 'hood, Krayvings--we've been waiting for you.
I've been waiting in anticipation for this restaurant to open since I live nearby. Finally got to eat here & it was popping during lunch hour! Not surprised though.. That's Summerlin people & health nutty places for ya. Each table has a tablet with their menu/ordering system on it & I like the concept, but it seemed a little unorganized. Maybe because they just opened a few days ago? I ordered the daily detox juice & the shrimp superfood protein bowl -- Yuuum! I'm already looking forward to my next visit because there are so many things I still want to try. Perfect place to go to grab some healthy vegetarian-friendly eats.
The good:
Decent food
Good price 
Good drinks

The bad:
Completely disorganized
Messed up both our orders
Poorly trained wait staff

I will give this place 4 stars once they get their act together.
Wow! I'm very surprised! Found this place on help and decided to try it out!! It's very cute inside and the owner is very friendly! I ordered a steak Caesar salad and I have to say: it was excellent!! There were so many steak and the salad was great for only &$10! I will be back here a lot more now!!
Everything was great. Very nice having a healthy option by the house. Ordering on the tablet was neat. Bread on the sandwiches was very dry and needs to be sliced thinner and for them to add a sauce or vinegar to balance it out. That all can be fixed. Will be here a lot.
Are you a VEGETARIAN?  Are you having trouble getting enough protein?  Well your answer is Krayvings!

It has been open for just a few weeks so there are some growing pains with the staff and organization.  It was very busy on Sunday at 1300 when I went.  Personally I loved the ordering at your own pace and personal customization of your order from the tablet menus.

What I was most surprised about was the flavorful health food that can been found all over the menu.  For you Veggie Lovers out there I highly recommend the Tofu Power Protein Bowl!

My wife loved the BBQ chicken wrap, and my mother in law loved the Turkey Club, which was huge.

Give this place a try especially if you are a health nut like me.  I couldn't be happier that this place arrived at a location desperately in need of a healthy option!
Quite casual and inexpensive, yet delicious, healthy food and an extremely accommodating staff. The dcor is Spartan; you order from your table via a tablet, but special requests are easily dealt with. I have an unusual food allergy and they were very willing to make something special for me. My super healthy chicken bowl was less than $10 and I could only eat half of it.  They have only been open a couple of weeks, so I wasn't expecting them to have it so together, but they exceeded my expectations. I will definitely return.
Supppppper healthy food. Awesome menu selections and you can customize your own plate. I tried the chicken bowl. No complaints here. It was perfect and filling but not too much to over do yourself. So coming back!!
I went with my son and friend for breakfast. He needed a high chair but they're kept in the back, which is annoying when there are no waiters... They need to keep them accessible. But, more importantly, the food was just okay and we both found the iPad menu extremely frustrating. Unless you're ordering the food exactly as on the menu, it's difficult to customize. And don't even try to delete something off the order. I ordered the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. I didn't get the eggs as I wanted them because apparently I didn't customize right. Sandwich was ok - bread very dry and way too thick. My friend got the quinoa bowl and she said it was just ok. We both got the B12 shot drinks and hers was tan and mine was green. They did offer to fix hers (but why did they bring it out in the first place). I liked mine. So overall, hate the iPads, food was "eh" and has some kinks to work out. Will try again for lunch before I write it off.
This was my first visit to Krayvings and i have to say I may not be back.  First off, the ordering proceedure was via iPad and was convoluted and confusing.  You have to pick out the items you want and then there is an option to customize the item.  Then you place the order and when it comes you are presented with a check.  I don't know about most people but I want to order and eat rather than learn how they want you to order.  Despite these flaws in execution, the service was slow and very poor.  The food quality was fairly good but the coffee I ordered was cold by the time I got it.  I will not be back unfortunately!
Food is average, but the ordering process is absolutely terrible. Technology gone wrong. Doubt I'll be back
Take a look at my Yelp page and you'll see I'm not the most health conscious eater by any means. Sometimes I wish I had the willpower to do so but I can't cut out all the bad fatty, fried, greasy, salty, sugary food that I love so much. But even so, Kravings is new and sometimes a good healthy meal really hits the spot.

Krayving's is pretty new to the area and if you're inside the actual Albertson's center, you might miss it. For whatever reason, the sign on the inside, above their building, is extremely small. They are located in the far SW corner of the shopping center in between Toro's & John Cutter. 

When you walk in, it almost looks like a Panera/Zupas type ordering system but it's far from it. The staff was extremely nice and asked if it was our first time. It was, so they walked us over to a table and explained how it works. There's a tablet at every table in which you can pick what you want to eat, customize it and then send the order to the kitchen. While it's not the smoothest system, it's far better than other table systems I've seen at places like Genghis Grill.

I ordered a steak protein bowl and substituted the quinoa for brown rice. The steak was cooked well and nicely seasoned. The rice was thoroughly cooked and they loaded the bowl with crisp, fresh veggies. My only complaint was lack of seasoning throughout the rest of the bowl. It might be something to do with nutritional value but I felt like only the steak itself had been seasoned so I had to add some salt and pepper for taste.

We also ordered a PB, B & J to share. Thankfully, I didn't order a sandwich for my dinner. Even though the flavor was great and my inner fatty absolutely loves dipping something into marshmallow fluff, the bread was a huge let down. It was dry and bland. 

Overall, this is a great spot and while I think the prices are a bit high, I wouldn't hesitate to come back. That banana split smoothie looks amazing!
Cool concept, great location for Red Rock hikers, and another place to hit up for healthy food choices make me want to me a fan of this place- but the food was a little on the bland side.

Went in with the BF for lunch- Heather was super sweet and friendly, and seated us immediately and showed us how to work the tablets to place our order. 
Shared the shrimp bowl and the kale and beet salad (added steak). I preferred the bowl, which was layered with quinoa (brown rice was another menu option), veggies, and shrimp, with a lemon sauce and mint. Initial impression was that the dish was very watery, but it had good flavor to it.  the lemon flavor and the mint/basil in the bottom of the dish worked well together. Flavor was light and borderline bland- saw many guys around the dining room dousing their food in hot sauce, seems to be an issue for many dishes.
The salad was okay: considering the word "beet" was used in the name, i expected a slightly more plentiful portion of it. Salad also consisted of apple and walnut,  we added on steak for an extra $4 charge. Steak itself was dry and overcooked, portion wasn't worth $4. Salad also came with an interesting herbal dressing, but there was very little of it, rendering this salad fairly dry, which is why it wasn't as liked as the bowl above.

Pricing overall was relatively fair, $10 per dish including our add-ons, but the salad was disappointing. This place seemed to be marketed more towards vegans/vegetarians, but really, most restaurants have salads and wraps and the occasional tofu dish that they can access- I hope they add a few more adventurous dishes to the menu once they settle in.

Might come back to try other options like the BLT chop salad or wrap, or maybe a sandwich, but overall I was a little underwhelmed.
This food was seriously delicious. I hate to say it but i am seriously "craving" one of their bowls right now. The flavors are well done and their products are fresh. If you want a healthy and delicious meal, you need to here. They have tons of gluten free options, vegetarian and vegan dishes for all of your dietary needs. Head on over!
Talk about the perfect RECOVERY MEAL after long run or cycling day out at Red Rock. Krayvings could not have picked more perfect spot in town. One that assure you after any brick day or just enjoying perfect cycling day be back soon. 

Talk about great healthy options on the menu. I know lot  of yelpers have passion for Skinnyfats. Really from the minute walked in, looking at the decor, the chalkboard menu style on the walls (some nice little hand artwork on it too), really health conscious menu, the nice portion size, and screamed Skinnyfats. 

I ordered the  sesame chicken wrap and blueberry muffin. As soon as you walk in see all the pastries in the display and they looked really really good. I started with the blueberry muffin that enjoyed. I was nice moist, hot, and right amount of blueberry in every bite. The sesame chicken wrap was awesome. Usually not high on wraps but the sesame chicken wrap not only was it hearty, but each component really complimented one another (from the chicken, nice orange segments, cucumbers, sesame seeds, carrots, friend won ton strips, and lettuce all tossed in some kind of asian dressing) so much flavor in every bite. It was so REFRESHING after brick workout out at the Lake. I wanted too order another wrap! Oh almost forgot about the salad on the side was nice too and again nice size portion. 

The ordering system found interesting or not too often literally ordered off a touch screen. Not too fool you thinking not humans. LOL!! It was really helpful  when it comes too getting a visual of every dish on the menu. But at the same time can be confusing. The wait staff is great always helping you out if confused about anything. Everyone friendly and great service the whole time.
I've been twice and I like it but I haven't been amped enough to give it 4 stars quite yet. It takes some instruction the first time you go...you order off a tablet. It's not cosmic but can be a little cumbersome and time consuming. However, if you are the type to order a specific item then change everything on it and put half of it on-the-side then you will love it. Most annoying to my wife is that when you order a drink, you don't get that drink until your food comes (we always go harass them before that though). 

The food is good and ingredients are fresh. I got a breakfast sandwich and it was a good price at $5. Then I got the Mediterranean Turkey and it was $9, plus $1 since I wanted cheese :(     Not heinous but a slightly expensive sandwich.

Nice worker bees. They don't really do a whole lot besides deliver your food so I'm not a huge tipper here. Too bad for them.
I just discovered Krayvings last week and I have already been there 3 times. I got one of their chicken bowls and it was amazing. It was even better than chipotle and so much healthier. I've gone back two other times to try their juices and was completely satisfied. They have tons of options. There's salads, sandwiches, bowls, desserts, chips, and juices. They have great customer service, everyone is super friendly and willing to help anyone who isn't tech savvy. 5 stars all the way!
I got the chicken protein bowl and it was delicious! The concept of ordering through an iPad is convenient and being able to customize it easily is great too! I will definitely be going back.
Very friendly staff and good quality ingredients.  You order from a tablet that's on your table. Tablets arent hooked up to power so there is a probability of your menu running out of battery. 
Easy to customize order via tablet, buy if you order the wrong thing I couldn't remove it and had to ask for help.
Huge sandwiches good to share.  Fresh and healthy choices.  I love the Tablet system for ordering.  very casual place.
I love going to this place, but have mixed reviews on their food. I've been 3 times and have gotten a breakfast sandwich and the sweet potato and kale wrap. The wrap is delicious and comes with a side salad. It's really enough for two meals. The breakfast sandwich comes on a roll that is not appetizing at all. I really don't like their ordering system...especially when you're sitting outside and have a hard time seeing the screen. Also, I'd rather just order and get my drink cup right away at the counter as we've come in after hiking/biking and am super thirsty...instead of waiting it out. I do recommend giving this place a try and I'll keep trying it as well.
Great local eatery. Good food and a apple-based ordering system makes it easy to customize without complications. Wraps, salads, sandwiches can easily have items added or removed. 

It missed 5 stars for not having free refills on standard coffee, when available for soft drinks and staff that is friendly, but not always getting the concept of "if you sit down and place an order for beverages before the food, the customer is probably thirsty and would like the drink brought out quickly". But, they are learning and I've recommended to other people in the area.
Great fresh food alternative

Places like tropical smoothie were great, but becoming really redundant tasting food, we decided to give Krayving a go. 

Heading over to the other side of the 215 on Charleston we dropped into Krayving as a healthy alternative to the usual stuff we grab. With a nice indoor seating area I was a little unsure if we stepped into a college campus cafe or a bizarro Starbucks.

Each table had a Laptop attached to order your food. Being able to add subtract and make your own order was a nice surprise. Images on the iPad were also a sweet little touch that was unexpected. 

So seating ourselves and browsing through the menu I ordered the BBQ chicken salad with my son having the grilled cheese and sliced apples from the Kids Menu. The salads was pretty dam good!!! 

My order came out in what looked like a biodegradable plate with biodegradable fork. I don't think I've seen this anywhere except the container park downtown.

With the outside seating area still under construction I will say this place maybe a new local lunch spot I'll be coming back to. Fresh food, unique ordering and a friendly staff this place is highly recommend for anyone on this side of town.

FYI 

They do have high chairs and a kids menu (credit) the menu I would say is catered for 1 and up.
An inefficient, complicated, and eternally slow ordering process, combined with overpriced food and a lazy, "whatever" attitude of the staff.

First time I visited I had to invest 5-7 minutes learning how to order my food. Really!?  What was devised as a simplified and convenient ordering system is anything but. Plus I waited too long while listening to the staff children behind the counter laugh, goof off, yell, and just generally annoy me. My $10 chicken sandwich was lite on protein and heavy on BREAD. The side salad was way overdressed and therefore toooo oily!

Next visit I thought would be quick and easy, as I just slipped in for a quick wheatgrass shot. Wrong!  Not wanting to bother with the stupid ipads, I asked the woman at the counter if she could just order me the shot. A friendly woman, I would have traded her friendliness for competence, as she was equally baffled on how to place the simple order.  So, after pressing a minimum of 30 buttons on the ipad, I paid and waited. And waited. And waited. And no, the store was not busy at the time. It was nearly empty.

Attention Krayvings owners: I have no desire to order my own food on an ipad. It's a bad concept and takes forever. What I want is to go in, tell someone what I would like to order, and have it made in a reasonable time. We are not in Paris...not interested in a 3 hour lazy lunch. I have better things to do with my time.

I highly recommend you heed my advise and replace the ordering system with humans. Specifically, competent ones. That is all.
Real great food near red rocks SP- tasty and healthy. I hope these guys franchise to California, I could eat here often.
Changing my rating for today....we ordered to go for work lunch and they forgot the dressings on the 2 salads and also packaged the sandwiches incorrectly. Luckily I love their food but maybe they aren't up to speed on to go orders.
We are glad we found Krayvings as it provides a healthy menu with a decent amount of variety.  

All orders are done via an ipad/tablet.  What is really great about it is that the user-interface for the menu and ordering process is very user friendly. if you are a really picky eater and require sauces or sides removed or on the side it is very easy to do.  It removes any doubts that happen when you are doing a verbal order.

The food is pretty tasty.  The wraps remind of of California Chicken Cafe.  Sauces are flavorful.  The portions are solid.  Our recommendations:

BBQ chicken wrap.  Throw some sricha sauce and it tastes even better
Chinese chicken wrap.  Tasty
Chicken bowl with quinua.  This is a pretty sizable portion.  Very difficult to scarf down a ton of quinua lol.  Beef bowl is pretty decent as well.

This is a place we will visit frequently because its fast, close and I definitely won't feel guilty about eating unhealthy.
Amazing food, nice helpful staff and just a all around fun experience!  People need to just move into the 21st century and learn how to use technology!
Took our friends and am glad to say they loved the food just as much as we do!  I guess my only complaint would be that the amazing smoothies are a bit expensive, other than that you can't ask for a better place to eat.
Love stopping here after spending a day hiking, mountain biking or exploring Red Rock Canyon. Perfect location and great healthy menu. Great staff and eats!!!
I love these 'types' of restaurants, though to be honest this place stands out.  What I mean is I like simple themes backed by healthy, excellent food.  Krayvings nails it.  Plenty of healthy choices and a few not so healthy.  I come here for lunch a few times a week and it's consistently good.  The staff is helpful and friendly and I love that they remember my name.  

Try the steak bowl, it's my personal favorite.  Fresh veggies and quinoa topped with steak.  I've got a big appetite but it fills me up without leaving me needing a nap after.
The place seems more organize and some of the kinks have been worked out. I have upgraded to 4 stars.
I am upgrading my very critical previous review to 3 stars. The reason: the food and the service.

This time I sat down determined to use the ipad ordering system for a to go order. Although still not a fan, I guess it's manageable enough. I had a question and requested assistance, and they came right over, which is good.

I tried the sesame chicken wrap this go around. I found it to be very tasty, with a generous amount of chicken and a side salad, too.  On a previous visit I had ordered the tuscan chicken(?), and I found there to be too little chicken and too much bread!  This wrap was prepared properly and was quite good.

Another reason for the upgrade is that when the food was ready, it was brought over to me, but unlike last time, I went to the register to pay, rather than getting a check like in a restaurant. Good improvement.

Keep in up guys, and I'll be back!
FANTASTIC! As a frequent traveler to Las Vegas for work I sometimes find it hard to eat delicious healthy food. Not anymore, Kravings definitely hit the spot for me. I can assure you I will be staying at the Red Rock Hotel more often just to be close to Kravings. 

What did it for me was the steak protein bowl (add extra steak) and a delicious pineapple mojito followed by a chocolate chip cookie. All very reasonably priced. 

The staff was courteous and friendly, the ordering system a breeze. The goods news for me is they are opening a second location in Phoenix very soon. Another city I have to travel to for work.
OK.  So the tables to order on ever table are cool.  I'm not sure if they actually speed anything up but what the heck... I'm a geek.

I ordered a juice and a tofu protein bowl to go.  The juice wasn't quite a dense as what I normally get at whole foods (which tastes very green) but it was absolutely delicious and somewhat like green lemonade.  The tofu protein bowl... "OINK".  wow.  Hard to believe something that healthy was that good. It was huge and I got 2 meals out of it.  Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked.

Now I'm going to grab my iphone and download their app and see what it does!
I'm always looking for yummy + healthy options, so I'm glad we found this place! They're a great spot for lunch, but their signage isn't the best, so a little tough to find. 

We got there around noon on a weekday and by about 12:30, they were packed! Soon after we sat down, a server came over to greet us and as it was our first visit, he showed us how to order using the table iPads. I love that it allows you to customize your order (add this, no that)!

Ordered the chopped BLT salad. Worried that the creamy dressing would be heavy, but it was a light dressing, similar to what they offer at Red Velvet Cafe. Great taste and reduced guilt because it didn't seem "mayonnaisey" as I like to say. Salad was both yummy and filling. If you're an iced tea lover like me, try their peach iced tea (brewed, unsweetened).

Hubby ordered the club sandwich, which he said was good. Apple slices give a nice twist to the traditional club.

I'll be coming back again soon!
I really like this place. Food has been great & fresh every time I've gone in. Not the fastest service but very friendly. My only slight disappointment is the fresh juice they offer, I've had a few different ones now. Pretty much, they all taste the same, very tart/sour. REALLY hope they improve that! It's nice to have a healthy option near my home now. :)
Located in the Vista Commons shopping center Krayvings is a recent addition to several other dining places nearby. However, Krayvings brings the option of healthy foods.  There are several choices for breakfast plus salads and sandwiches and healthy drinks. 
On my visit I was immediately greeted and asked if it was my first visit. The employee also offered assistance in using the tablet ordering system. Not being very familiar with using the tablet I pressed the help button and was immediately helped. I ordered a salad with chicken which had a nice variety of fresh greens. The portion size was just right for me. My order was delivered to the table in a timely manner by a friendly server. 
The high traffic of hikers heading to Red Rock Canyon and the bicycle enthusiasts should provide ample business. Hope the neighborhood people add their support as well.
Ever since the first time in I was in LOVE with this place, I've become a Kravings addict often eating there 3 to 4 times a week but here is what really sold me.......my fiance and my 18 year old twins ordered quite the large pick up order, upon picking it up and driving it home we began realizing that we had been unusually(because this had never happened before) shorted one of they're fabulous 2$ side salads. I called down and the owner answers. I explained I would come down to pick it up and he emphatically insisted on driving it personally to my home. I assured him I realized it wasn't a big deal and I could send one of the kids down, he Would not have it and brought it TO MY HOME!!!! A 2$ salad, which he made twice as big and added some chocolate chip cookies!!! I'm in the biz and let me tell you, THAT'S CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!
This place is close to the house and I have been in a few times.  I have had the bbq chicken wrap, the steak Caesar wrap, and the breakfast protein bowl a few times.  All are very good and the portions are just right.  I like going here to have a wholesome meal in a short amount of time.
Always looking for fresh healthy options. So glad I heard about this place. I have only been there once and have no complaints. When I walked in I wasn't sure how it worked. Everything is done on iPads. You don't go to the front to order like a normal place. I had take out so you order on the iPad in front of the door and you pay at the cashier once it's done. Pretty cool but was lost when I walked in. One of the workers had to guide me to the take out iPad
Me: For a sandwich, salad or wrap that has individually flavorful and fresh components that could stand on their own and not just to fill a sandwich or wrap, with nothing super fancy (we had a steak Caesar wrap and  BBQ chicken wrap), yet current (read: beet, kale and quinoa found here!) and healthy without pretense of being raw, vegan or gluten-free by definition but just by circumstance, this is a great place. [breathe, run on]. It's easy with kids with their tablet self ordering at each table and accessible options. There's fresh juices and smoothies as well as some nice baked sweets items. For what it offers, it's done deliciously and fresh here. Great for easy, healthy (yet not necessarily vegan or gluten-free or expensive) salad/wrap/smoothie joint food. 

Him: The food is awesome. The steak inside the burrito (wrap) was flavorful. I like sous vide (!) steak best, then Krayvings', then other restaurants'. It's that good. The BBQ chicken wrap had a BBQ sauce that was better than just ordinary BBQ (it was a creamy BBQ), and the salad is crispy and the chicken was good too because it was moisturized [sic] and not dry. I had the pineapple mojitos juice and loved it because it was nice and refreshing and good for drinking in the summer. You can really taste pineapple and mint! The best was the apple tart because the cooked apple went really well with the outside crust which was thick and better than pie which sometimes has too much fruit.
This place has a pretty cool system- you order on tablets that are placed at each table. They are very easy to order on and it provides really beautiful pictures of their food... making it so hard decide what to choose! 

I've been here a few times now, and I've always had a great experience. One of the times the tablets weren't working, but it wasn't difficult to go to the counter and put it in my order like I would any other place. 

Great food, healthy choices, friendly staff, outdoor seating, relaxing ambiance... wonderful place!
Nice healthy-concept restaurant. Their menu has plenty of choices without being too overwhelming. My favorite item is the baby kale and sweet potato wrap with steak added on. The smoothies are freshly made and a bit pricey. For dessert, I can't feel too guilty about munching on one chocolate cookie. An uber-yummy cookie at that.

One very odd thing is their insistence to have customers order through iPads. The screen is hard to see when seated outside. On one occasion, the darn thing ran out of battery mid-order and the user interface is really not that good. I would imagine older folks and people who are not as computer savvy would have trouble with their order. Heck, I work with computers and it took me over five minutes to place my order for the first time. I've seen servers have to take the time to teach customers how to order. This is an epic failed attempt in efficiency.

Krayvings either needs to improve their electronic ordering system or give it up entirely and just focus on making good food.
Great concept! Feels healthy just being there. Even the kids loved it. Tablet ordering at the table is really fun. Buffalo burger was straight up delicious and the juices are super fresh. Can't wait to try more.
Went here for the first time after a morning hike at Red rock and loved it! It's a shame how hidden it is, nobody really knows it's there... I got the Keep me skinny fresh squeezed juice and Steak superfood breakfast bowl. So healthy and so delicious! One of the only "real" healthy places around. I see big things for Krayvings if more people find about about them!
Gourmet Salads, Wraps and Superfood Smoothies at awesome prices. What is not to love?
The staff was friendly and knew the menu. Both of our meals were tasty (Caprese salad  and Santa Fe wrap). I appreciated the vegan protein option. The seating and outside area was clean and in the shade. I'm looking forward to trying the smoothies next time!
This is this restaurant's 2nd location.

The salads here are the same high quality offerings that they have at their original location. If you've been there you know what I'm talking about.

I think the design of the facilities here shows that they've learned and evolved from the original location. There is more shade over the outdoor seating area and there are tables on the north side of the building (which will be a blessing in the hot months). I try not to use drive-throughs due to personal preference but from what I observed it's very efficient here.

The staff here is as friendly as it gets. They really make an effort to get to know you and your preferences. They call me by name when I walk up! 

If you're in east Chandler or west Gilbert you'd be well advised to stop in and give it a try!!
Wow! Food is awesome! Love the Greek and Santa Fe salads. I think they make their own dressing. The food is tasty,  filling and healthy. I can't wait to go back and try the quinoa breakfast.
I was excited to have a healthy option that was as easy to get as the typical fast food burger, which let's be honest is far from healthy! I had high expectations, and to be honest, I was not disappointed. The portion was extremely generous, their staff was extremely friendly, accommodating, and my food was out super quick! I will definitely be going back there again. It's not cheap, but I would definitely say that it's worth what you pay, and you get what you pay for no doubt!
So I'm visiting from LA, a vegetarian athlete...so when I saw salads with the option of adding veggie gardein chicken, I got super excited!! What I got was 90% romaine lettuce, very little other ingredients and four or five pieces of chicken. Flavor fail, salad fail.
Spent like $10 bucks on a salad and drink that wasn't even that good...I could make something like this at home. Not impressed
Best salads I've ever had! I have tried everything on the menu and not only are the salads healthy and good for you, they are absolutely delicious! I'm so happy they opened a second location that is near my house. I love that almost all their salads are also a gluten free option. Their beverages are delicious, including the sodas, smoothies, shakes and coffee. I highly recommend to anyone looking for a healthier fast food option who wants the best salad they've ever had. The staff is also amazing and very friendly. If you haven't tried Salad and Go, you must try it!
I ordered the chicken Cesar salad and a passion ice tea. The portion size was perfect-more than enough. The Cesar dressing is so creamy and delicious and I even ordered the light version. It was very flavorful. I also enjoyed the Parmesan cheese they sprinkled in it as well as the croutons. The chicken was okay, not super flavorful but not bland either. I wonder how it's cooked because it didn't have grill marks or anything. Nonetheless for a salad and drink I paid a little less than $10. I feel like it was a tad bit overpriced but considering it's a drive thru salad place that specializes in salad, it's all about supply and demand! It wasn't the best salad I've ever had, but it was better than any other fast food salad that's for sure.
I thought the value was great for a high quality salad full of extra ingredients and not just stuffed full of lettuce filler.  I had enough for two lunches with the one salad I bought.  Very tasty and so happy that a salad restaurant has opened up so close to me!  I'll definitely stop here regularly...
I just love their salads - honestly... If I'm
Going to pay $7+ for a meal, I would rather have something good for me than a burger, fries, and crap!!
Every salad I've tried here is pretty awesome. The only thing I haven't liked in my salad was the fresh cheese in the Caprese salad, but then again I don't like fresh cheese and must've looked over the fact that this salad came with it. The smoothies are also good. I always add the pea protein in mine. My wife also loves their salads and green tea. Thanks for giving us a healthy drive-thru for on-the-go meals.
Kewl concept and probably a much needed option too.
I originally thought this place may have been affiliated with a salad restaurant in Tucson but it's not.  It is a Gilbert based business.   Perfect.
I got the Strawberry and Roasted Almond Salad with the additional grilled free range chicken.  My son got a Spinach & Smoked Bacon wrap with the added chicken.  His disappeared before i could snap a picture.  Mine is a good size salad bowl with a good portion of chicken.  Disappointed that it had so few strawberries in it cuz it's like a buck fifty more than the other salads without any extras.  Also one bite tasted soapy.  WTH did that come from????  Also came across a couple hair like fibers in my salad like short animal hair or something.   Maybe bristle from a produce scrubbing brush?   
Natural afternoon daylight really helps improve my vision bit that's not always a good thing.  :-p. 
We'll try this place again I suppose.
I live in The Islands and am super glad this place is finally here!  I usually get the Cobb salad and add chicken...salads are huge and always have tons of chicken in them.  The only downside was getting the dressing on the side and getting this small container of dressing that doesn't cover much.  The salad is big enough for two meals and the side of dressing barely covers half of the salad.  Still love the place though!  :)
I'll admit, I drove by their first location for over a year and thought it looked sketchy. Once the second location opened, I thought "alright, maybe this is legit." I like that you can get the salads as wraps. I had the chicken Caesar as a wrap and my co-workers were asking where it can from because it looked so good. 

The smoothies are amazing! I've had the peach basil lemongrass smoothie and the strawberry spinach smoothie and both were delightful.

I just tried their breakfast. I had the protein wrap and it was to die for. 

I favored their smoothies and breakfast to their salads. However, the salads are fine...nothing to write home about other than you can get them in a fast food setting, which is a bonus in my book! I will definitely be coming here regularly.
Pretty good!  I would eat here again. I ordered the Greek Salad and Santa Fe. Had a little of both and very good.
This place was surprisingly good for the fact that I had to get the balsamic dressing with the Asian salad in order to make it vegan. I would ask for the dressing on the side unless you like a lot of dressing on your salads. Mine came on the side, but I'm not sure if that's because I changed the order. It seemed like a lot of dressing and I only used about a third of what they gave me and thought that it was still a lot. 

Their juice was good!

Since they don't have any indoor seating and it actually looks like a mainly drive thru place it was nice that they had tables outside and misters to keep you cool while eating. It was funny to watch people go by after ordering salads through their car windows. Get out and stretch your legs! Be healthy!
Nothing bad to say about this place! 
Never has it been so convenient to eat healthy. They offer a variety of options and I love that they offer gardein products for non-meat eaters. They even offer any salad as a wrap for those who have to eat in a hurry, or while driving (guilty ^_^ ). 
Next time I'll have to try out their breakfast options or a healthy shake.
Love this place! I have been here numerous occasions and every time I go, my order is fast and always correct. Great pricing for what you get as well.

Also, the customer service is fantastic! Would recommend this place to anyone!
A great atmosphere and a huge sitting area unlike the Old Town location. The protein bowls are a great place to start if you haven't been here before. Their pressed juices are also great. I'd suggest the kale cleanse. If you are there before noon the breakfast burritos are my favorite.
way bigger and nicer than the other two locations in Scottsdale and Tempe. The parking is a bit tough during peak times. the staff were friendly, the juice as protein bowl was delicious and the amount of meat in the tri-tip bowl was more than generous. This location has a bar with beer, wine, mimosas. I was a little sad that they couldn't tell me what kind of muffin was in the muffin display and they even asked other employees and nobody knew. If you don't know what you're selling, how are you supposed to sell it? either way, it's a super delicious and healthy place to grab a bite and get delicious fresh juice.
FINALLY, good food makes it out to Chandler.  Chop Shop is awesome.  I have yet to have a bad meal here.  Make sure you check out the Kale Cleanse, iced tea, an BBQ salad (veggies, sub tofu or avocado).
Went for breakfast. They're still remodeling, but open for business. 
Had the "Cold Buster" juice and the "Egg and Veggie Hash". Although, I have been a meat eater for years, I have to say everything was extremely good. 
You order and pay at the counter and the food is brought to your table. (Seems like more places are setting up that way.)
The service was fast and with a smile.
I would recommend it and will be back.
Tried this out today after hearing that one of my Crossfit idols loved it yesterday! Ordered the tri-tip protein plate and settled in on the patio. Thirty minutes later I walked  back inside to inquire about my food, only to find out that they "lost" my order. When I finally got my food, it was pretty good, but not '30-minute wait' good! Most disappointing was that they didn't even offer a refund or any 'incentive' to forgive this mistake. Probably won't go back.
Heard great things about this place but unfortunately my experience was average. 

I had the club sandwich which was lacking in any real flavor. The service, atmosphere, outdoor seating was all just ok. 

It's a pity but I'm unlikely to return.
Amazing food!!! I haven't had anything I don't like. All the goodness without the guilt!
Went here for brunch on Sunday with my mom. She ordered the open faced egg sandwich and I got the Veg and egg hash. Her sandwich was wonderful. Mine was eventually wonderful, but came out the first time with undercooked eggs (I like runny yolks, but not raw egg whites). I took it back and they just slapped the eggs back on the grill and overcooked them. Finally they got them right and the people behind the counter were very apologetic and cool about it. I really hate taking food back, especially twice, because I feel like I'm being a pain in the butt. On the other hand, I think it's important to give the restaurant a chance before giving a bad review or not returning. All in all it was a great experience - the coffee was good, the food was delicious and fresh, and everyone was friendly. Plus, they have a dog friendly patio for all of you dog owners out there.
I've had several people recommend ChopShop to me in the last year. I've never had reason to visit either location since the Scottsdale place is right next to FnB, and therefore, I've always just gone there instead. I'm never in Tempe, but I do work in Chandler so I was happy to see they opened up their third location just a couple miles away from my office.

I tried the tofu protein bowl on my first visit on Monday, and I was happy with the flavorful curry sauce and roasted veggies. The tofu needed more seasoning, but that's what happens when meat eaters prepare it. I showed the menu to my coworkers, and we ordered from them on Friday. They got the chicken and shrimp bowls with forbidden rice, and they were both surprised about how good they were. I got the kale caesar and devoured it.

I just can't give them five stars due to the service. When my coworker picked up our meals, he stood in the phone order line. The cashier called over her friends in the longer line and let them order in front of him. When he got our order, he asked about the missing coffee and missing bowl. She unpacked everything and made him resign the receipt to prove it had been omitted.

I'm hoping this was just one bad visit because I'd like to come here again.
A friend suggest Original Chop Shop for lunch and I had never heard of it before so I agreed as I am always up to try something new.  The Original Chop Shop is located in Downtown Chandler in what was the old Kokopelli Winery.  While it is sad to see one business go, it is so nice to see a new, trendy place open up as a continuing part of the Downtown Chandler revitalization.

Original Chop Shop is really cute.  I would call it a shabby chic design with historical details.  It is light and bright and really comfortable as a lunch or breakfast place.  This is their third and l have heard, largest location.  There is a walk up counter to order and then they bring you your food.  There is also a small grocery area in which to get some healthy snacks, mostly assorted chips and popcorns.

Now this isn't your typical menu; the Original Chop Chop has a menu designed with freshness and healthy foods in mind.  I decided, after some deliberation, to go for the Tuna salad sandwich on low carb wheat bread.  The tuna was really good and the vegetables were really fresh.  The added little bonus was that they put an olive tapanade spread o the sandwich which gives it a little tang and that was really good.  The sandwich also comes with a little side of field greens with a good vinaigrette.  I also decided to order a side of the sweet potato hash with kale and onion.  I have never had anything quite like that before but I really liked it.  It had a little sweetness to it and It was way more healthy than fries!!  I also had the blackberry black iced tea and that was delicious.  I wanted to try a protein bowl and I will try that the next time as I will definitely be back!  I am a fan of the Original Chop Shop!!!
We are always looking for healthy restaurants. And I have been waiting for CC Chandler Location to open since I have heard great things about them. For my first time I went for the protein bowl with Tri-Tip and Sweet Potato Hash and it is tow thumbs up! 

I can't wait to try other bowls and juices! We need more "special foods restaurants" like this.
This place is awesome!  Healthy food that tastes good. Haven't had a bad meal here yet. Breakfast is good too. Try the smoothies as well!

The protein bowls are great. Juices are tasty but pricey.
I love the food and come here often. We were so happy when the Chandler store opened. Since we have a 2 yr old, we call in our orders to go. My only complaint it that 9 out of 10 times our order is either wrong or missing something. For example, I ordered a balanced bowl and got a chicken protein bowl, ordered a grinder sandwich received a chicken bruschetta. Ordered side of forbidden rice, got side of fruit. When we order protein bowls, we don't get the sauces that are supposed to come with them. Since these are always ordered for "pick up" we don't find out until we are home. From now on we will check our order before leaving the store.
I want to love this place! The decor is cute & inviting. The location is great. However the food was a total snooze. We got the white sangria, which tasted like fruit cocktail juice with a tiny hint of wine, and weirdly there was no fruit in it! They need to go have one at Chelsea's kitchen and rework the recipe. I had the shrimp bowl with quinoa. It was spicy but not tasty. The veggies were bland and seemed scorched and soggy. My daughter had the chicken and kale sandwich, which was fine but not memorable. We shared the sweet potato hash, again fine but not great. Service was so so. Also, it seems picky, but can you please invest in silverware!?! I hate eating with plastic utensils. Not sure when I'll eat here again given the variety of good restaurants nearby.
I brought 3 coworkers with me to ChopShop for lunch b/c last time I ate here it was good.  Today the place was crowded and the chicken kale sandwich was, well ... Tougher than shoe leather and bland.  I think they forgot to put the mustard sauce on it, but sauce would not have saved this sad dried out bit of chicken.  The Mediterranean turkey is MUCH better.  I'm a big fan of iced tea but I don't care for the flavors they had.  The interior is chic looking.  Kudos to the decorator.  Just wish the food was as good as the decor.
Here is a place that I really want to enjoy.  The food is good, not great.  The choice and quality of ingredients is excellent.  However, it is lacking in execution.  Today I had ordered a shrimp protein bowl.  I did enjoy, but could have made it better myself.  The choice of cauliflower, broccoli and carrots is frugal and bland.  In addition, the sauce was nearly no existent.

The line in front to order is probably the worst I have seen since my visit to Moscow in 1985 (in that case the line was due to a wait for vodka).  I waited about 15 minutes to place my order.  Why does it take so long? It is not $1.00 for a fifth of Stolichnaya!

The decor and ambiance is hip and pleasant.

Please change your menu around.  There is so much potential!!!!
Really enjoyed this place!  Had the raw veg salad with Tri-Tip...excellent!  The person I was with had the chicken protein bowl with forbidden rice and sweet potato hash...also quite good.  I will definitely be back on a regular basis...really nice to have a healthy food option for a lunch/dinner out!
Love the idea of this place. Execution could use some work. I had tri-tip protein bowl with sweet potato hash. Took quite a while to come out of the kitchen, and the veggies were bland. Doctored that up with hot sauce. My wife had the grinder. Also was bland, even with the peperoncinis. She got the butt end of the pepper on her sandwich, which was inedible. The staff was nice, but lacked any real motivation or urgency. Period. There were dirty tables, which should not be given that there seemed to be adequate staffing. Overall, kind of disappointed. A friend recommended this place and I can't without disclaimers attached.
Good food for healthy alternative :) service was great but they forgot one of our orders but made it on the fly. Will definitely come back
A good, healthy alternative and they offer soy free, gluten free, vegan etc for those wanting/needing those options. Because they use organic/real ingredients and products it is a little pricier but it is worth it in my opinion.
First time here so I can't give a comprehensive review of the food. I ordered the beet salad ($7) with added steak ($3) and a fountain drink. The salad was nicely sized and I'm a big guy. The added steak was under seasoned but They gave me a lot of it. The dressing ratio on the salad was perfect. I wish the salad had a bit more goat cheese based on how much steak I received. The fountain drinks are not typical sodas but flavored agave nectar sodas. They are tasty but foam up a lot so it is a pain to get a full cup without constantly pouring out the foam head. On the whole I recommend this place and will be back soon.
Yum! The Coconut Chia Pudding Parfait really hit the spot. I came into this place to find out what it was and ended up having a nice little evening snack.  I will definitely come back!
Foods is great and very healthy.   Would come here more often if it wasn't for the service.   Especially when it's busy and there is a line and I see people literally  standing and talking in the kitchen.   I stood in line for at least 20 + minutes another time with a long queue behind me and the gal decided she had to restack cups not bothering to beckon the next person in line and still focused on resackng cups even when I stood in front of her waiting to give my order.   Ack very frustrating.
I love everything that ChopShop is, and when they built their 3rd location within walking distance from my house, well, it was all over for me. From the lovely outdoor seating areas in front and along the side in the breezeway, to the small bar with craft beer and wine, to the mini market that's filled with healthy snacks and drinks as you walk in, to the fresh food and juices you can order to eat in or pick up to go. The number of menu options is already fantastic, but that you can customize each of them to fit your dietary and personal needs without any hassle is even better. They may not be the quickest meal option, but ordering ahead for pick up fixes that, and just knowing that the food is freshly prepared as it's ordered is a nice comfort. I absolutely love the pressed juices, as well - especially the liver cleanse with the aloe and the power green...I instantly feel refreshed with the first few sips!

All of the salads are delicious, and getting them as a wrap is even better (and less messy if you're on the go). Breakfast is unique and flavorful, I only wish they would do over-easy/over-medium eggs (though I haven't asked for this). And the protein plates are super filling - I've been able to make them last through at least 2 meals, sometimes 3 with some snacking in between. Definitely a repeat customer!
Such a cute place-great atmosphere--outdoor seating, separate bar to order drinks from indoors and out, dog friendly patio, healthy, delicious the list goes on. My favorite place for a salad and a fresh squeezed juice. Their Kale Cleanse is amazing & the BBQ chicken salad (no chicken, add avocado for me) is the best! Highly recommend you check this place out!
Obviously there is high demand for a "healthy/tasty/high quality" restaurant in downtown Chandler (which is chock full of everything but healthy options). The ginormous line will reconfirm that it is the ONLY place nearby to get food that could be called "healthy." However I have mixed feelings. 

The protein bowls are supposedly the highlight of their menu and definitely the best bang for your buck. However just seems like unimaginative combos that as someone else already posted - most can execute better in their own homes.  I've been on multiple occasions because it IS the only place to get together with my friends who need to eat at a place with healthy options. 

Last time I was there I ordered the beet salad which was a lot lighter portion than the protein bowl but pretty enjoyable as far as salads go.  Every other time I've had one version or another of the protein bowl. (FYI, recently watched a tutorial on how to roast beets and now am able to execute a better beet salad than them. Again, not saying it's bad food - just not amazing).
Sandwiches are good if you like healthy tasting sandwiches like I do. Juices are really good. Service (even though it's just counter service) is sub par. Just walked of of there after waiting 15 minutes for a blended coffee drink. Off hours (mid morning), 4 girls "working" in the back (well, at least one busy checking her pink cell phone). I was the only person that had an order pending. The cashier saw me throughout those 15 minutes and didn't bother to make sure my order was started. I had to go up to the counter to ask for a status and only then did they start my drink. Not the first service related frustration I've experienced, but the latest.  I'll continue going here because it's the only healthy restaurant within walking distance of my office and the food is decent.
Great atmosphere for casual eating. Order at the counter and they'll bring your food. Staff work hard and knowledgable. Clean and trendy, fun colors. Plastic silverware wasn't desirable at all for sit and eat, low quality too. 

Food looked great. My bfast sandwich was fabulous! Great taste and fresh.   My husbands steak bfast bowl was very bland an well they forgot the steak, but quickly fixed. He added 5 catsup packets to give it flavor. 

Fresh squeezed OJ and iced coffee was great. 

I'd come back for the smaller selection of wine/beer at a later date. They just need to step up the flavor!
Loved the food, the location, the service, the food, the location, the service... and I could go on and on. This very health-conscious eatery has me wanting to return. Great protein bowls, wonderful salads, and extraordinary baked goods. The smoothies are also amazing. Try it - even if you're not into healthy food, it's very good.
So gooood. The sandwiches and salads are amazing. Protein bowels have so much food it can almost be two meals. The teas are refreshing and they have free refills here which is awesome. This place gets busy at lunch time but worth the wait since it's all healthy and fresh food. (Way better than fast food) Definitely coming back here.
I adore the fact that I can walk into this ChopShop's location and not be bombarded with the endless amount of fraternity and sorority students in line waiting for their food *cough*Tempe*cough*

This location is busy, but not enough to make me go crazy when I'm craving and need a fix of their kale caesar salad. I think the ample seating as this location has a lot to do with that.

Minus the location being closer to work, and home, I have to say this location is better when it comes to making the jacked up PB&J shake. Even when I get the lactose free version, the flavor isn't as watered down, and considering I get this shake for the peanut butter taste, this one thing is a heaven sent. 

The workers are also very friendly and if it wasn't for them I would have never heard about their rewards program they have going on. As if I didn't eat here enough already.
I went to chop shop yesterday and I must say I don't care if I go back.  I got a protein bowl with steak and it was good, but I can get the same thing from other restaurants for a lot less money.  Plus, the wait was ridiculous! I stood in line forever waiting to order and then it took forever to get the food.  My friend decided she was going to go get a lemonade, when the line was short, and it seriously took 5 minutes after she ordered to get her cup of lemonade.
I am overjoyed to have found this place.  I work beyond too much, and have resorted to eating whatever junky food I came across for the past few months - which has resulted in me gaining weight and feeling like garbage.  Until now.  Chop Shop recently opened near where I work, and as it turns out - there is one near my house too.  It's no more expensive then the fast food I've been living off of.  
Everything they make is simple, fresh, organic and incredibly delicious. 
Also they have a loyalty program, which is great for me, because I plan on eating here as much as possible.
Also the atmosphere at both locations is very lovely.
Just what downtown Chandler needed! Awesome place with tasty food to boot. 

This trendy spot is order-at-the-counter style. The food is fresh with a healthy twist. Some awesome options include: Low carb bread for sandwiches, stevia lemonade and quinoa sides... so great options you wouldn't typically find at most "healthy" restaurants. 

I'll be back!
Close to work, I am so pleased that Presto Cafe has opened a Henderson location at Stephanie and the 215, offering their healthy options on this side of town.  If you've never been to the Presto in Southwest Vegas, you probably don't know that PC offers up breakfast, sandwiches, coffee, smoothies, juices, salads, and pides (Turkish flatbread, pronounced 'pee-day').  There are vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free items on the menu, something for everyone.  I met Shirley B. here for a late lunch and we both had sandwiches, turkey for me and the vegetarian for her, plus she had their beet salad.  Both sandwiches were a nice size, easily big enough to have one half now and the other half later; that's what Shirley did, but I was piggish and ate the whole thing there.  Consisting of turkey, applewood bacon, cheddar cheese, avocado, tomato, lettuce and mayo on a toasted cranberry walnut bread, PC's turkey sandwich is an especially hearty and tasty version of an item that tends to be boring at most places. 

Located in the same shopping plaza as Gold's Gym, I'm sure the fitness fanatics are happy that PC is here, too.  It's also right next door to Gimme Some Sugar, so if you want to be fit first, then a little fat later, you can kill two birds with one stone.  

Open from 8:00am-8:00pm daily.
Hopefully this place gets better and better as time passes.. Solid 4 stars for the food but gotta give them a 2 for service at my first visit...

Tried to call in food, for I only have a 30 min break, but phone line only kept ringing.. 
Since it's very close to work I didn't think it would take any longer than 15 mins to get in and get out.. Boy was I wrong! 
35-40 minute wait for my Greek Salad and Hanger Steak!!! Two ladies that may have been there way longer before me didn't get their food until 20 mins of putting my order in..
May I add that the three of us were the only customers there.. 

One thing I noticed was quite a handful of people walked in to ask for a physical menus but PC did not have them.. Yet? .. 
So they had walked out..

Let's talk food :
($6) Greek Salad - (coworker had this item) HUGE portion! Fresh and tasty.. Except the fact that they forgot the vinaigrette ..  
($14) Hanger Steak Chimichurri - comes Truffle Israeli couscous, risotto style. Steak was tender, cooked properly and the couscous was creamy. I did find the chimichurri to have tasted more like pesto ..

Overall satisfied with the food but I was just disappointed of the long wait.. I get the whole soft opening, training, they're new part.. But 35 mins is just way too long..

I'll be giving them another chance in a month or so..
Barely open less than a week and I've been here three times already! There's no doubt Im really diggin' this new cafe.  If you worked up an appetite at the gym nearby, they have great healthy options for you here! When I feel like a carnivore or not , they've got it covered too. What appealed to me was the superfoods like Kale, Beets, and Quinoa in the salads and the artisinal breads and cheeses used for the sandwiches.  All healthy, fresh ingredients, and mega delish!
 
My orders so far have been salads, their vegetarian sandwich and custom made juice. The prices are inexpensive, my meals so far have averaged $11. That's pretty good for a place that specializes in healthier choices. You know my gripe about healthy smoothies and juices that cost as much as my lunch. (ahem PH) Well here it's much more reasonable.  So you healthy smoothie fanatics might want to try it for sure.
 
Nice variety of salads in their cold case display that you can choose from. Sold by the scoop starting at $2.75 depending on which salad you get. You can add side of protien to it also.  Scoop equals about a small bowl portion and it didn't leave me starving. The first time I was there I got two different salads and couldn't finish it.  

== Mint Vinaigrette== what a novel idea for the the Kale, Quinoa, Cranberries, Cashews, Feta salad! Dressing light and compliments with the Kale. 

And Beets, and I detect Oranges? Something citrusy. Ingredients are the perfect engery/refuel booster before or after your workout at the gym.

The Tandoori Chicken with mango and coconut and Cauliflower Kale with raisins are the more exotic creations spiced with curry...and you know I love yellow curry.

Meatless Monday I got the Vegetarian Sandwich. So good even non vegetarians like me love it. This one was roasted eggplant, roasted red peppers, GOAT CHEESE, olive tapanade on a 9 grain bread. Just BRILLIANT!

The cafe is pretty chill. Dining area cafe style with just a few tables and high-tops and a picnic bench outdoors if you dare to eat out there in this heat.  

Service dining in has been cool so far. Order and pay first at counter. They'll bring food out to your table. Our orders came out in a timely manner. I didn't order anything that needed to be grilled or cooked though. The staff has been really nice and friendly. They already recognize their regular customers . 

They need to hurry up and get that ice tea or brewed tea in. Im not a fan of carbonated sodas and a cheaper alternative to juices and smoothies would be nice. A paper take out menu would be handy too. I was told to look it up online but not everyone is capable of looking it up. Those are some small kinks they need to work on based on my visits. 

They are just four days into their soft opening phase. Word of mouth spread thru the crew from Gimme Some Sugar next door is how I found out! Go figure! Looking forward to even more visits now that I can have healthy eats then sweet treats right after.
Healthy Food that Keeps this Realtor on the Go

As a busy Realtor, my office is in my car.  I try to eat well but my choices are pretty limited when I am out showing houses. Fast food tends to make me crash in the late afternoon so I try to avoid that. When I heard that Presto Caf was going to open up down in Henderson, I was very anticipative.  I was not disappointed.  I walked in just after lunch time to see the place still pretty full.  The decor was nice and it felt very clean inside.  I also noticed that they had free Wi-Fi which is fantastic for those of us on the go.
I am a devout carnivore but I decided that I would put Presto Caf to the test, so I ordered the Vegetarian sandwich with the Tropical Wake Up Smoothie.  I took a seat and waited for my order.  It was obvious that people REALLY enjoy eating there.  I noticed the owner, Reza Arshandi, talking with everyone and making them feel at home.  It was great to see everyone enjoying their meal.  You can tell that Reza takes great pride in the food he serves his customers.
When my food arrived, I was very pleased by the presentation.  The sandwich came with a wonderful strawberry and apple salad on the side.  When I took my first sip of my smoothie it was obvious that it was not made from one of those sugary mixes.  I could taste the fruit and it was not heavy at all.  I was also very happy with the sandwich.  Even though the sandwich had eggplant, tomatoes and oil, the bread never got soggy.  It was a great blend of flavors and was very satisfying.  After I was finished I felt full but still energetic which was great because I had a busy afternoon ahead.
It's great to find the perfect combination of high quality food, generous servings and good prices.  I was in and out in less time than a normal restaurant but this is not fast food.  It is a great place to go if you want to sit down and relax and still be done in 30 min or so.  I also noticed that I still felt very fresh and full around 4pm.    I look forward to bringing my clients here soon.
So happy to have this healthy eatery option right by our house.
Hubby & I went for an early lunch today. I was craving a fresh juice, he wanted to try one of their smoothies & we thought we'd share something as well. 
I got the Veggie DeLite Juice, hubby got the Morning Fix smoothie & we shared the Ahi sliders with a scoop of the Ahi salad. 
Everything was great & I can't wait to go back & try some more of the menu items! The hangar steak chimichurri & pan-seared salmon are at the top of my list & the sandwich options all seemed pretty decent as well. 
There wasn't anybody else eating there while we were there. I think 2 people came in tho, 1 for coffee & 1 asking for a menu which they didn't have. I really hope this place does well, it's tucked away in a shopping center that doesn't get too much traffic. Def bookmark this place & make it one of your regular stops, we need more restaurants like this!
Always been huge fan ever since the first Presto Cafe open near my house. When I heard they open another one on the opposite side of town in Henderson. Hell yay! Can never have enough of good thing in life. Best part is both locations is located off 215 so got north and south side of town check and double check. I was going with my favorite either the turkey or reuben sandwich. I figure new location mark try something never had before. I went with the Meatball Sandwiches. Three Meatball sliders. Anyone would be crazy not too get scoop of one of the Presto salads. My go to is always the israeli couscous salad. I love the combination of the mushrooms, perfect couscous, and some truffle oil tossed in with some herbs. I could order three scoops and be in couscous heaven with nice bowl. The Meatball sliders too be honestly VERY surprised the way it turned out. Comes too my sandwich at Presto have my fav and meatball sandwich meatballs nothing gets me personally excited. I ended up having was three amazing sliders! The brioche mini buns (always wrote that sandwich starts with the bread filling second) awesome. It had the nice crust on the outside, moist on the inside, and any slider combination would be the bomb with those buns. The meatball is very tasty. It nice nice depth of flavor and seasonings. Combine just right about of pomodoro sauce (pet peeves overkill on tomato sauce in meatball is recipe for disaster), the cheese, and right about of bread. Some of the best sliders I have had in sometime. I never been too the more upscale meatball restaurant. You pay price of one meatball that can get three meatball sliders. I can tell you would take some Presto Cafe Meatballs hand down over the pricey name brand. I love small business owners and seeing Presto grow from one too two restaurant. Awesome. 

The food totally felt like it was the same quality getting at the other location. They are some differences besides the obvious location. The display for the salads are little different. I prefer the other location only because you have more choices and  looks more appealing nicely lined up side by side. This location not as much in bigger containers, two different levels, and different vibe. Thankfully the quality is still as good as it gets. The new location hold more people in the restaurant. The interior design much more of open kitchen look and seems brighter with the paint color scheme. They do have wi-fi. I not sure if the other location has since I never used it at Presto. 

The customer service was awesome. We lucked out Suzy H and I after training day no one in the place just us. Forget mention recovery meals Presto Cafe is great! Come too think of it need make list. Recovery meals that kick ass... I will be back again.
New joint near my work and decided to give them a try. 

Place is decent. You could dine in or have it for take out. The customer service is excellent. 

We ordered Steak Hanger and Seared Salmon... ((0-o)) I'm in love!! 

The Steak was tender and It was perfectly made!

My wife had the salmon and she was satisfied...(picky eater). 

They also serve smoothies, pizza, sandwiches etc...

Came in the 2nd time and ordered "Ham and Cheese Please" and "Tuna Slider". 

Man! To die for !!!!! My mission now is try everything on their Menu!!!