Easily my favorite place to eat in Madison.  Great Lao-Thai food.  Curries are fantastic and make sure to start with a soup.  They're always good.  Tip: place is tiny and you will wait.  Either get carry out or head across the street to the Weary Traveler to grab a beer while you wait for your table.
The best restaurant in Madison.  Get the house specialties.  The new Atwood location is bigger, but the Mom cooks at the little one on Wily.
Number 24.  I wish I'd been the one that ordered it.
Damn tasty Laotian food. Wish I would have known about this place when I lived here. I wouldn't have been such a wuss about spicy Asian food when I moved out to San Francisco. The food seems very authentic and the portions are actually perfect. Crunchy veggies and tasty curries. And where else in the world can you get a Spotted Cow or Two Hearted Ale with a Laotian meal?
I love this place, and I'm always so surprised when people say that they've never been there before - but I can see why one would miss it at first.  It's a tiny little building with a front window that is so vegetation-filled as to be jungle-esque.  The food is authentic and delicious.  I always get one star spiciness in my food, but you can get up to FIVE star spicy!!  Not for the faint of heart, my friend.  I recommend the Willy Street location, but I haven't yet tried the new Atwood spot.  And by the way, if you like the curry squash at Vientienne Palace, try Lao Lang Xang's.  You will never look back.
Fantastic Lao food in Madison.  While I should have ordered the four star heat level, the food was wonderful and the vegetarian options very numerous.
Excellent Laotian cuisine...try the catfish and any of the special dishes...menu shares some items with other southeast Asian cuisine (e.g. Vietnamese spring rolls).  Prices are a bit higher than your standard Thai/SE Asian restaurant and servers can be a bit distracted at times, but very good overall.
Super tiny and perennially busy, so I expected the best when we finally got our table (after hearing lots of rave reviews and trying, unsuccessfully, to dine here on more than one occasion.) Sadly, my basil and tofu something or other was tasty but not really outstanding; same for my companion's red curry. The wine list and beer options were solid, but overall I found it a little pricey for what we got. Honestly I fear I somehow ate here INCORRECTLY, given the positive everythings this place is always getting.
My favorite restaurant in Madison.  Hands-down.  The soup is outstanding and the main dishes are very good.  We usually take-out but the small Willy St location is really cozy on a cold winter's night.  Service can be a bit slow but the servers work hard and are very friendly.  Portions are large and ingredients are fresh.  Prices are cheap for the quality of the food.  Enjoy.
I lived one block away from this place for at least two years and never knew about it. It's hands down my favorite lao/thai restaurant in town. I was luckier than Michael E. and found it before moving to San Francisco.  They deliver, and you can often find them serving up food at the near east side neighborhood festivals.
Tried it in 2005 by recommendation of a co-worker. The food was absolutely fantastic, and I'm always tempted to try it whenever I go back, but can't find anyone else who likes spicy food. I haven't come across a place quite as good or interesting here as this.

As I mentioned, the food is excellent, but you will need to bring your patience. I think I went there on a good night because we got a table within 10 minutes (yes, the place is REALLY tiny), but it took quite awhile for our entree to be delivered to the table; the taste of the food will probably make up for it.
2 locations both spaced on same street.  willy location is small (5 tables max) atwood location is newer and larger, more aesthetically pleasing.  

squash curry is a sure-win here... includes infamous thai eggplant :)

recommend *****
Food is decent, and service is good. Try the Lao Specialties on the menu, and go for Native Lao spiciness if you can. Other items you can find in other Thai restaurants. My only complaint: I think LLX tries to accommodate American taste by removing organ meat in their larb dish. Just meat and spice, no intestine or liver in the mix. That's a pity! Lao dishes come with sticky rice. Make sure it's warm. All Southeast Asian Studies people at UW love this place. So that's quite a seal of approval. If any of the Wisconsinites visit Chicago, be sure to give Sticky Rice Restaurant a try. They specialize in Northern Thai dishes, which are very similar to Lao variety. You save a trip to Chiang Mai.
The best thai I've had in Madison. The service is great and the atmosphere is warm and comfortable. Limited seating for this location but if this is full go to their location across from Monty's Blue Plate.
One of the best Asian restaurants in Madison.  Consistently good and the new Atwood location means you can get a table.  5 star hot means HOT!  I couldn't handle it and I love spicy food.
I do wish that I had come here more often. The food I had here was great (I remember trying some type of curried catfish). And sure enough, I wasn't prepared for the spiciness - I went for three stars.  Oh well. Right now at my current location I'd happily take a good, spicy dish again!
Food: Generally good to excellent.  Recommend the House Specialties in particular.  Some of the more ordinary dishes like Garlic Shrimp are good but not much better than you'd get at other Asian restaurants.  Lately (2007-2008) in my experience there can be a tendency to skimp a bit on the proteins in the dish -- there were only 6 shrimp in the Garlic Shrimp dish ($12) and only a few pieces of tofu included with the Curry Squash.

Service: Tends to be slow.  I've dined in at the Willy Street location and carried out from both Atwood and Willy Street locations, total about 10 experiences, usually in early evening on both weekends and weekdays.  Servers are friendly but tend to mosey even during busy times.  Expect to spend 1.5-2 hours for a meal with 2-3 people.   Add 10-15 minutes to their estimated times when carrying out.   

Value: Decent.  Prices have jumped quite a bit in the past 6 months or so, though this is probably related to overall rise in food prices.  Entrees $12-16.

Overall: Agree that it's one of the better Asian options in the Madison area.  If you have time to wait, the food is usually worth it.
This was a delightful place to have a cozy dinner on an extremely cold night.  The atmosphere is actually kind of romantic, which I wasn't expecting when I saw it from the outside (it's such a teeny hole in the wall that I thought it would be more dive-y than it was).  

I came here at the insistence of my boyfriend, even though I'd heard many good things about the food from various sources.  The boy and I first bonded over our love of Curry Squash (aww.. ?) and he said that Lao Laan-Xang had the best in the city.  That is a bold statement.  :)  We started out with a *spectacular* Tom Yum Kung soup for two.  It comes in a neat, self-heating contraption and you ladle it out yourself.  There was *way* more than two people needed, which was awesome considering how delicious it was.  We both got Curry Squash, unsurprisingly.  I really liked it, but can't say that it was definitively the best Curry Squash I've ever had.  It was different, though.  Less fatty, maybe?  Either way, I was satisfied.
Authentic family-style Laotian food for Thai-jaded palates.

We flew into Madison without filing a flight plan. Trusty yelp algorithms saved our bacon by pushing this unpronounceable gem to the top.

Wife and I both ordered the Saturday special, a seafood curry. Portions were generous, particularly for the reasonable $12.95 price. Kids both liked their entrees, #23 a seafood dish, and #14, noodles with vegetables. I ordered mine with the 3-star hotness rating, "adventurous," since I'm not a spice badass. But I felt I could have handled the 4-star, "Lao native." So maybe go a star up from what you think you can handle. 

Appetizers were fine. Crab Rangoon came six to the order and were non-greasy. I liked the pork egg roll better than the veg one.

$70ish out the door with tip, pretty darn reasonable for a family dinner for four.

The restaurant is cozy and intimate. The owners were there with their cute kids. It's easy to find on Willy street, a strip of tattoo parlors, coffee shops, social justice agencies, veterinarians and other stuffs white people like. stuffwhitepeoplelike.com

Service was ace. The waitress refilled our rice without charge and hipped us to a nearby free music festival. She also directed us to Madison's best custard place, Michael's. Not that we had any room for dessert.

Loved this place. We'll be back next time we're in town.
Can't believe it took me so long to write a review. This place rocks, with exceptionally good veggie eggrolls (I get tired of spring rolls, and missed eggrolls). I got the Squash Curry I was so anxious to try and - though not necessary - I even had a choice of tofu or shrimp. I had the tofu and it was incredible! Lots of leftovers, which I put in my hotel fridge to take home with me.

The reasons it's a 4 star review? Slowish service when not crowded and a pretty lousy cabernet sauvignon.
Kang Gai soup is a lot creamier than other similar soups (Thai, etc). Filled with a lot of ingredients. It came in one of those hot pot soup serving bowls where a small flame is kept going. The ladle was really hard to use with it--it barely fit into the gutters of the bowl so uh..yeah, the ergonomics of it was bad. 

I got the Moak Pa--steamed catfish with ground pork wrapped with banana leaves. The flavors were disappointing and the fish wasn't even all that tender or juicy. The dish erred on the salty side. We barely touched the accompanying sticky rice as it didn't go as well as with regular rice. 

I was a fan of the squash curry, though. Chockful of different kinds of squash, eggplant, and zucchini, this thick concoction was unique and delicious. The chicken in it was tough and overcooked but I'd just pick those pieces out and continue on with the curry and squashes. Perfect dish to pair with rice.

Food comes out a tad slow and there was this annoying fly hovering around our table (even though it was kind of cold in the restaurant). It was good but not great.
I love this place.  I have only been to the Williamson street location, but we generally go at least once a month.  We pretty much always get the Squash Curry as one of our meals, which is very tasty.  Their Tom Yum soup is also very good.
They no longer have a delivery and, as others have pointed out, they can be rather slow some times.
Had been there once to Atwood location and loved it. Went back there a couple more times but they place was packed each time so we went to different place. Would love to try again sometime soon.
This place is amazing!!!  And, fits all budgets.  If you want to go all out, you can.  But if you just want rice and the most amazing peanut sauce it will run about $4.25.  

Must note, it is a very small establishment and on weekends you are bound to wait.  The curries are amazing and my favorite is the squash curry and a green special that they have from time to time.  They know how to cook their tofu and I have enjoyed their chicken as well.  

Good size portion, good atmosphere!  My favorite in Madison!
This is one of the few "ethnic" restaurants in Madison I really love.  No offense, Madtown - but you're not known for it.  This is definitely an exception though.   Good, spicy Thai-like food (I have little frame of reference for specifically Laotian food).  I recommend the kang phet and gang-galli curry dishes here.  Portions run large-ish and I usually bring home left-overs.  I think this is a good date place, but also works with a small group of friends.  As for ambiance, the place is lacking - the neon sign is tacky, the decor is blah, the lights are a bit too bright for a place that most people come to for dinner.  But the deliciousness of the food totally makes up for it!
It has been over 8 years since I have been back to Madison and I hit Lao Lann-Xang on my first night. I always liked the bright red neon sign! 

I remember this place in the late 1990s as a very cozy place. The decor has become more open and less interesting if you ask me. This said, the food was as I remembered it. I had the Monday night Tofu special and was happy with it. The "native" spice level is as hot as I remember it and overall I felt that making the special effort to eat here after nearly 10 years away was worth it. 

My only complaint is that they close at 9 (Monday at least) and stop taking orders well before this. I always had problems in Madison getting top notch food after 8:30 and I wish the best places really were "open" till 9. If it is after 8 pm call first. 

What a gem!
This place is excellent! I have to stop here everytime I go home. The Tofu Panang Curry is the best. All the ingredients are fresh, the service is excellent, and atmosphere is nice. I have nothing but positives to say....try and you will want to come back!
I'm recommending this place as one of the few serious places in Madison for decent Asian food (no idea how fusion this place is). My friend says it's comparable to some of the places in the Bay Area, but I'm still undecided on that.

For one thing, the food in this restaurant has some flavor and is spicy (the "careful" level is tangy and subtle) but not overly so like Vientiane (which nasty and greasy enough that it burned a hole in my stomach). Service is kind of varied -- The first time I went there, the waiter was fairly rude, but I had a nice waiter the second time. Lunch deals are reasonably priced at less than $10 including soup, salad, or egg roll.

Their chicken curry is fairly tasty, though a tad on the weak end of the flavor spectrum (for me). My boyfriend likes one of the stir-fried beef dishes, which he told me was somewhat juicy. My vegetarian friends enjoy the mock duck dish, which actually had a nice, tasty brownish sauce.

Overall, I'm recommending this place since there's something for everyone in terms of food choice and decent flavor.
I love LLX, though I usually get it for delivery.  My favorite is 13B, a sort of padthai-ish type of a noodle dish, and the curries.  The soups are also great, as are the appetizers.  You can choose your own spice factor, but the 4 stars is going to melt your face.  The portions are large enough to share without a problem, unless you disagree on the spiciness of your food.  Delivery minimum is $20, so you will need to order a couple of dishes if you don't want to make the trip over there.
There are two locations, the one on Atwood is bigger than the one on Willy St.
Really nice place to go on a date or with friends. Its pretty casual in style and the food is great. We had the crab rangoons - bigger than some I've ordered in other cities and definitely delicious with ample sweet and sour sauce for dipping. Then we had Kang Gai soup which is one of my favorite things in the world. Lao Laan-Xang didnt let us down one bit, it was wonderful and served at least 2 or 3 cup-fulls per person in the "Two Person" order. For our main meal my mom and I split an order of the famous squash curry and couldn't finish it even between the two of us - not to say I'm complaining about the wonderful leftovers! In terms of spiciness, we went with a comfortable "Adventurous" (equivalent to 3 stars I guess?) for both the soup and the curry. The soup could have been a lot hotter and the curry was a better amount of spice but didn't make either of us sweat or sniffle. The flavors were delicious and the place is very popular - if you arrive after 6:30pm, expect a bit of a wait. Service was prompt, friendly and helpful + as a vegetarian, I appreciated the plethora of tofu-substitutable items and yummy vegetables! I'll come back again any time I'm in town.
I'm from San Francisco and have been looking for an Asian restaurant to knock my socks off (needless to say, it hasn't happened....until I came here!) This is definitely my favorite restaurant in Madison! The pumpkin curry is delicious, as was everything else we ordered (I don't remember the name, but we also had some kind of grilled chicken with a spicy papaya salsa-- divine!). You can decide how spicy you want your food (4 stars= "Native Lao". The service was great, the food was delicious...what more could you ask for?
I love mangoes because of this place. The mango curry dish is out of this world!!!! Followed by the mango sticky rice. You cannot go wrong here. 

When in Madison, this is a must do!!! If you're lucky enough to live nearby, beware! It can be addicting. 

You've been warned.
The food at this place is 5-star. VERY, VERY good, especially if you are vegetarian. The acoustics in this place are 0 stars, TERRIBLE. I was even wearing my high-dollar earplugs and couldn't wait to get out of there. Could not even converse with my date. The noise was making everyone talk louder and louder. If you go at 5pm or 6 there are shrieking babies. On the bright side my date gave it the thumbs up for the food. He is sensitive to loud noise as well but was so happy with the food he didn't complain. The wait-staff is very, very nice. (Unfortunately for us The Weary Traveler Restaurant nearby has the same acoustics problem.)
amazing food!!! stopped in for lunch today and the mango curry (with an "adventurous" three-star spice level) was incredible! spicy and sweet with pineapple, squash, tofu, and potatoes, i left a very satisfied girl. actually, everything we had was fantastic, including the tofu soup (served with the lunch plate) and egg rolls (ordered separately). fantastic food, reasonable prices, a super friendly server, and two charming chefs who still cooked lunch for us even though we wandered in just past closing time made this a remarkable lunch experience. if i lived in the area i would definitely take out-of-towners to this spot (in between my own regular visits).
Lao Laan Xang on Willy is a tiny little restaurant with unbelievable food.  I've never had a bad meal there -- everything I've eaten has been tasty, fresh and authentic.  My personal favorite is #33, which I believe is called Kua Curry Sai Phak (veggies and tofu in a coconut milk curry).  The flavor is incredible. The service is very friendly and the servers are usually quite knowledgeable about the dishes if you are having trouble deciding.

The only bad thing about it -- and I mean only -- is that they serve cans of soda instead of unlimited refills from the fountain. If you have a Diet Coke addiction like I do, this could be a slight problem!  Overall, though, it's among my very favorite restaurants in Madison.
My favorite place to dine in Madison. Everything I have tried there has been perfect. The steamed veggies are even fresh!
It's a small little place, right there on Willy St.  It's fairly cozy inside, with low lighting, but well chosen decor.  It's definitely not the best location for a large group, but if there's just a few of you, it's worth a stop.

As with other thai restaurants, they've got a spice scale (1 star = mild, 4 stars = Thai spicy), so you can customize the entree to your liking.

Not being overly into Thai/Laotian, I went with a "safe" selection, a stir fry in a sweet and sour based sauce.  I went with moderate spice. It was definitely a unique taste, one I would highly recommend!  I wouldn't consider it traditional fare, there were more than plenty of options, if that's your thing.

I was convinced to go in halvsies on a dessert of mainly coconut milk, rice, and cinnamon, topped with a slice of mango.  Good thing it was in season! It's one of those unique dishes that, I have to admit, doesn't sound like the most appetizing thing until you try it.  However, if you get the chance, go for it - it's a unique dish you won't want to pass up.

I'd recommend Lao Laan Xang for anyone else looking for a unique, tasty, meal.
Hooray! We FINALLY matched up schedules with the WIlly St. location! It seems like every time we've tried to dine here, it's not open that day, or hasn't opened yet, or just closed for the night. Grrr. 

We've been to the Atwood location before, but I have to say I like this better. Especially with it being lunch, and not too crowded(or loud). This is a teeny-tiny place, so voices carry from one table to the next.

We ordered our dishes, and spring rolls to start. This was a mistake. Not because they weren't good(which they were. Not great, but good), but because we were both full less than halfway through the main course. The portions are quite large!

I ordered a noodle dish with coconut curry, cabbage, potatoes, bean sprouts and other deliciousness. 

The only complaint is that my man's dish was described as a soup, and came out sans broth. It was still tasty, though. Oh, and it was pretty darn cold inside. 

We left with FULL bellies, leftovers for tomorrow, and a wallet that didn't feel abused.
Like the food although it was not a spicy as I was warned.  thumbs up overall
Best Thai (really Laotian) in Madison, WI.  My coworkers and I go there for dinner every week, it's that good!!!!  Never a bad meal and the service is helpful and friendly.  We didn't go there the last 2 weeks because of the holidays and Mui (sp?) was concerned something happened to us! :)

It can be a bit busy sometimes, but never feels crowded and we've always gotten a table.

The portions can be a bit large so we usually use the rule of 1 order per 2 people, soup to start, and it still leaves room for mangoes and sticky rice.  If you skip on this tasty desert, you'll regret it!
I wasn't very fond on the food in this restaurant and it was expensive for what we got.  The restaurant was really crowded and small.  One waitress rushed around trying to take care of everyone.  I thought the prices were high for the quality -my dish wasn't particularly flavorful or unique.  Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.
Great food here. The curries with the squash and shrimp and what was really great. I miss this place - not Madison, but this place for sure.
I just want to start off this review by saying that the 3 star rating doesn't tell the whole story. There were extreme high "ah-ha" moments and there were also "wtf" moments so the food here is anything but average. personally those great high notes make the meal even if i stepped along some land mines along the way. i would def recommend this place.

we went with a group of 7 and this place is TINY and does not take reservations but we called ahead anyway and they were really good at trying to prepare for us. service was really excellent even though i was thrown off by this hipster crowd serving us asian cusine. 

we ordered the Tom Yum Kung. let me tell you, this soup is so difficult to make well because of the balance of all the sweet and sour aspects of it so i've been disappointed before but this was by far that i've tasted in awhile. not saying it was perfect but you sure won't be disappointed.

Moak Pa - steamed catfish with ground pork wrapped in banana leaves. that is a pretty unique dish and i've never seen it on a menu. order it if you are feeling adventurous. the flavors aren't so radical you can't handle it but the preparation is just so interesting.

Curry Squash is what people rave about. i thought it was good but it kinda tasted like penang curry with squash. it wasn't as amazing as these other yelp reviews IMO. but if you like curries, especially the penang type, curry squash is def a keeper.

Tom Som - i'm sorry but i didn't get this dish. the unripe papaya is apparently popular in chinese dishes and even though i grew up with chinese food i've never tasted anything like it. the fried chicken was a bit dry. nothing was really the star of this plate but i think the papaya was suppose to be...and i didn't like it. really didn't like it. hah

for dessert we had the sticky rice with fresh mango. i have to tell you this was the most amazing part of the entire meal. i'm not really a dessert or sweets type of guy but i thought this was totally awesome. the sweet sticky rice was tasty. the fresh mango was tasty. combined, it was outer worldy.
I'm fond of a small-space restaurant, so the crowdedness didn't bother me. Actually, if you want to avoid feeling like sardines in a can, go for Tuesday night - then you'll get to enjoy the atmosphere and food.

My bf and I started out with a plate of fresh spring rolls. For vegetarians like us, this was a perfect starter. Tofu, rice noodle wrapped with very crisp iceberg lettuce. It really hit the spot on our hungry stomach.

Upon the waitress' recommendation, I ordered pad-thai like dish. This was ok. Below my expectation. There was too much sweet sauce, which bothered me little bit. My bf's vegetable curry (squash, green beans, eggplant, carrot) was pretty excellent. No complaint on this one. 

Overall, very satisfied. I like this place as a low-key date night venue :)
First off, I love Lao Laan Xang. Until yesterday I would have referred to it as my favorite restaurant in Madison. 

Lately it has not been as good. Recently I ordered a tofu basil dish and when I received it there was no basil. I asked the waiter what was going on and he said "Oh sorry, we're out of basil" - seriously!! that information would have been helpful earlier, I would have ordered something else. 

Also, on three recent occasions I have gone in over lunch and been given a dinner menu. That's fine, I'm okay with your prices, but if you don't want to serve lunch specials don't have them. On these occasions I asked and received a lunch menu, but I shouldn't have to ask. 

Yesterday, I picked up lunch. 1. the take out boxes are now Styrofoam!!?!! 2. there was a puddle of curry sauce in the bag when i got there / the egg rolls had absorbed this puddle of curry sauce. 3. Two out of three of the orders were incorrect 4. we were charge $6 extra for sticky rice (for 2 entrees).
just ate here and the heat from the food still remains.  we ordered a soup for 2, a curry dish (Sat special) and a chicken w/ mushrooms (#15), and seriously that was food not only for 2, but for 2 meals.  i enjoyed that this was a small joint, and felt like food really came from the kitchen...like from someone's home.

we lucked out as 5 mins later there was a huge pileup at the waiting area.  when you get that many people, its not good eating because you know they're waiting for you (and probably are observing how you're eating).  we didn't really care, our dishes were so flavorful.  our server was awesome too....as many tables as she had to go around, we felt taken care of.  the food didn't take long, but not so short you think they had it pre-made.  

this place reminds me of San Francisco a bit.  not sure why...but we could sure use more of these.  gonna have to come back next time we're in Madison.
Went with my lady on a Monday night and they were doing brisk business. The food was great, service was good, and the atmosphere was ok.  We'll certainly eat here again.
I just got delivery last night and it is about the 4th time from the Willi St location that things are not what I expected or missing things. I ordered the Kang Phet with Beef, literally got 5 very small pieces of beef and about a million bamboo shoots. Really? I also ordered the 4 stars and my bf's 2 star chicken version was as hot as mine. They are really inconsistent with this. 
If you go it's fine, but I would definitely go to the Atwood one.
There's a reason this review is rated at three stars -- and it's not because of the food. 

We've been going to both LLX locations quite a while, both of them since they've opened in their respective locations really.  This was the first time that we've ordered take-out.

It being a Friday, I had to order from the Williamson St. location, which does takeout on Friday and Saturday; the Atwood location does it the rest of the week.  Ok so far, even though it's a bit silly to have to remember where to order from.

We ordered a pair of vegetarian eggrolls, khua mee with tofu, and the mango curry -- this last being perhaps my favorite of their many excellent curries.  I was told that it would be 30-45 minutes for the delivery, so the wife and I settled down to a game of Scrabble.

The order arrived more than 90 minutes later. At the door, the delivery guy quoted the total at a dollar more than they did on the phone, but that's his loss as it only reduced his tip by the same amount. (or did it?).  The food was hot and we were itching to dig in.

The eggrolls, normally fat and crispy in the restaurant, arrived somewhere between damp and soggy.  Still tasty, but disappointing when one is looking forward to the crisp.

The khua mee was good, though not great -- largely I think because they jammed the entire order into a takeout container one size too small and so most of the noodles emerged broken.

And the mango curry?  No way to know, because they sent pineapple curry instead, though that was excellent as always.  I just finished the leftovers, re-heated as my lunch.  Their curries are even better the second day.

The take-out operation is clearly the problem. To get the orders straight, to avoid funny stuff about the order total between the phone and the door, and to get the packaging right, perhaps they should consider running the take-out from one location only, seven nights a week. 

Will we continue to eat at LLX? Definitely.  Will we continue to order take-out from them?  Yes, but only because the food is that good and because Madison is radically deficient in decent delivered food.  But they're only getting a couple of more chances at the take-out side of things.
I must have terrible karma when it comes to this place. I look that the reviews and think I must be eating at a different place than everyone else. I've been here 3 times, and the service has always been cool and unskillful. With the exception of the squash curry, I've had some mediocre to terrible meals.

Most recently, the broccoli in the noodle dish came out so overcooked, it was completely brown-grey. The dish had also not been expo-ed properly, so when I sent it back, it came out looking like a different dish. That said, the second attempt was nothing more than "blah." I think the vegetables are frozen to start. The life had also been boiled out of all the vegetables in my date's dish.

I just think there are so many great Asian places in Madison, I don't know why people flock here.
What a great place. The prices are just right, and the food is fresh and delicious. My friend and I shared two appetizers: crab rangoon and summer rolls. I don't usually order crab rangoon, because it always seems like something taken out of the freezer and thrown in the deep fryer. Not so here! They were light, crispy, and just the right amount of greasiness. They definitely tasted fresh. We shared an order of squash curry with tofu, which was amazing. We asked for 2.5 star-level spiciness, which was perfect. Hot enough to give you a buzz, but not so hot that you need to take breaks while eating. The service was excellent too. I wish I could go back today, but they're unfortunately closed on Sundays!!
squash curry = orgasm

that is all.
Lao Laan is like a high maintenance pretty girl that you wish you could say no to, but that has a way of opening up and emptying your wallet before you know what happened.....the entrees run about $10-$16, and the real problem is that the food is so good you'll want to get a soup (the kang gai especially) that you'll end up dropping $20+ per person per visit.  At least I always seemed to find a way to. 

If you don't mind the price (or just can't help yourself) the food is always outstanding.  I also agree with other reviewers discussing the intimate nature of the restaurant, and it really does feel like your eating at someone's home.

Now if only they wouldn't charge $6.25 for a bowl of soup.....
I know my Thai food and this place offered some of the best I'd ever had!  It is a small, quaint restaurant with impeccable service!  Our waitress was SUPER nice and didn't mind any questions we had pertaining to the menu.  Speaking of the menu, at first glance I didn't see any of the "traditional" Thai dishes to which I've become accustomed: Pad Thai, Thom Ka Kai, Panang, so I had to read the ingredients of each dish to decide what I wanted.  I chose the Kang Phet, which is about as close to the Panang dishes I've had- but BETTER!!  I also tasted my husband's Mango Curry with chicken and it was amazing!  The food was simply delicious.  The Thai Iced Tea was a perfect combination of tea and milk and not overly sweet or loaded with more ice than tea!  I will definitely make a return trip if we are ever back in Madison.  Now back to the west coast, where I hope to find a Thai place that comes even just a little close to the superb taste Lao Xang's dishes had!
SO good.  a little gem.  everything is delicious and great options for vegetarians.
Had the catfish which was flavorful but may be a little pungent for the American palette. Since I'm a ninja, I'm used to bold flavors.
What makes the Northeastern/Laotian style different from other Thai cuisine is their use of dill and lesser use of coconut.  The dill imparts a special herbaceousness that is unique. I found it to be fairly representative of the region since I've been there many times on my assassination missions. Watch out for the authentic Laotian spiciness scale. It will make you cry like many of my victims. Their sour sausage dish was very good too. It's ground up and stir fried with chilies, lime and the usual gamut of thai spices.
Best wonton soup of my life-- fresh homemade dumplings, delicious broth and yummy veggies. Papaya salad was also great. My friend got the dill catfish and it was really flavorful and tender, cooked in a banana leaf.
With so many positive reviews already, I can just reconfirm what's already been said: great food, really delicious, cozy atmosphere (like somebody's house... because essentially it is).  
I had the larp, and the greens were fresh and delicious.  
I think the best dish in our group was the chicken curry - amazing flavor!
The staff was very helpful, if understaffed, for lunch. 
Definitely recommended.  Park on one of the side streets nearby.  There's a bakery and a coffee shop within walking distance, but the bakery was closed the day we were there.
This place is amazing. The soups, especially, are fantastic. The flavors are very complex and the ingredients always taste fresh.  If you like things spicy, you can specify that with your order and you won't be disappointed. Reasonable prices, too.

Their Atwood location has more space than the Williamson Street location, and slightly better ambiance.

Expect a long wait on take-out.
Best curry dishes in town!
I would give it a 4 and half if I could .. I love this place, the food is amazing .. I have not had one bad dish here .. They customize everything as in EVERYTHING for vegetarians.... and their drinks are yummy I always get this lychee drink its amazing . The food is amazingly priced and service is great
Make sure you get the Kang Gai. The soup has such wonderful flavor and makes a great appetizer.

We have been here a few times and most recently tried the squash curry. We found that the squash didn't compliment the curry the way the mango did and will stick with our preferred mango curry. 

We also tried the Thum Som. It was unique, fresh and tasted similar to seaweed salad. The sticky rice and chicken served with it complimented the cool, crisp vegetables. I'll need to eat this again in my lifetime.

Overall, this is a place I always look forward to going. It has a calming atmosphere, knowledgeable wait-staff and solid food. I like to go here and get one staple and try something new every time.
Best Vegetable Spring Roll around, possibly ever.  The dinners are always delicious with generous servings.  The Saucy Mock Dock is a surprising delight, with tender mock duck and a savory, sweet brown sauce.  The atmosphere fits the neighborhood; quirky and cozy.
A classic example of don't let looks deceive you. Small and non fancy, this little gem of a restaurant was awesome. I was lucky enough to get a table right away. Looked over the menu of authentic food and chose the veggie spring rolls, mango curry and house fried rice. WOW, each was amazing. Fresh, right amount of spice and of course mire than I could eat in one sitting. Priced right too. Defiantly a must if you live or visit Madison like myself.
One of my favorite spots in town for a tasty, fresh affordable meal!  I have eaten at both Willy St. and Atwood locations, and tried numerous dishes.  Not one has disappointed.  My favorites are definitely the curries, particularly the squash and mango.  Service has always been good.  Only thing........when I order my food extra spicy (5*), I expect my to work up a sweat and have my mouth to catch fire!  Yet, I've been to few places in the states where "spicy" actually is spicy!  I need to remember to just order extra hot sauce on the side w/ my takeout next time.
I can't speak highly enough about this place. It's a good thing so many positive reviews have come before me, because I'm so stuffed with Laotian goodness right now that I can barely think straight! 
The staff is courteous and down to earth, most are native Lao. The American servers do a good job of letting customers know what best appeals to a Western pallet.
I'm sure that not everyone will have this experience but tonight i am alone in a hotel in Wisconsin in food poisoning agony due to this food. 
Not recommended.
I'm torn.

The food is great. The delivery/takeout service (Williamson St. location) is on the decline.

I work late, and used to order delivery from them to my office all the time. They used to be very accommodating, making orders after hours if the order was big, basically providing excellent service. Now they have reduced their delivery zone, and are unwilling to accept orders even 25 minutes BEFORE closing time.

I used to think that they really wanted my business, and I tipped 30+% for their making the effort. Now they are making plenty of money, getting fat and happy, and I am not. 

I don't think the quality of the food has declined, it just has gone from a 1st generation feel, to a "normal" good restaurant feel.
Four stars is pretty good in my book, and I've seldom given 5 stars.

I've ordered the curry squash dishes and noodle dishes in the past. On a recent visit, I ordered the egg rolls (they are fairly large), the stuffed chicken wings with brocolli and peanut satay coconut sauce, and bean thread Long Song (sp?) dishes.  

I have tried the Atwood and Willy St locations and I really do adore the charm and personalized attention one gets at the Willy St location more. I think we were served by the owner/co-owner and she was extremely attentive during a busy Saturday night.

The food was delish, and we had enough leftovers of course, for another meal. 

One thing I would recommend to them is to have more noodle dishes, and few people know what "bean thread" noodles are, so it would be good to use other descriptors like "clear rice noodles", etc. 

Also, at other places, when I've ordered stuffed Hmong chicken wings, the sauce accompaniment has been fish sauce with lime juice, so this was a variation upon that classic.
Lab was amazing I just keep forgetting that I'm not a mint fan and need to order it without mint! 
Papaya salad was like salted crab vers no bones, sweet spicy amazing!
Plenty sticky rice perfectly cooked. 
Regarding a previous mention of "food poisoning," which seems to be an issue with a lot of reviews for S/SE asian food. Note that spicy foods as well as certain herbs, like basil, when consumed in large amounts have an irritant effect on the bowel = diarrhea. That's *not* food poisoning, that's a lack of eating in moderation!
My mouth salivates just thinking about my fav dishes at Lao Laan Xang--and there are sooooo many favs, I promise.

First, a correction: Lao Laan Xang is not Thai, it is LAO.  In fact, it was the first LAO restaurant in Madison.  It's a family run operation deeply rooted in the Willy street community. 

Second, there are two locations: Atwood and Willy.  The Willy street restaurant is the original and Atwood is the more spacious, chic 2nd location.  

Third, do not get "native Lao" four stars unless you are native Lao or do not have any taste buds.  I have witness many non-natives order 4 **** only to see them cry and sweat through their meals.

With those things shared, you will like Lao if you like:

*fresh veggies in your dishes or need veggie options.  A favorite of many vegetarians is the curry squash.  It's a delightful peanut curry stew with different kinds of squash 
. 
* coconut curries, and such ingredients as: kaffir leaves, galangal, ginger, chili peppers, garlic, fish sauce,  (optional), lime, cilantro

* great wine and beer selection considering it is a family owned operation

* variety of noodle and rice dishes
 

My favorite is Khua Fue: Soft wide rice noodles with stir fry veggies like zuchhini, mushroom, snow peas, broccoli and choice of meat. I get shrimp and tofu combo. The sauce must be a secret recipe because I have tried to remake it at home with no luck.   Not too brothy and not to dry.  Perfection!

Lao Laan Xang is comfort food--Lao style!
I'm jumping on the bandwagon here: the squash curry is fabulous. 

Brave the Willy Street construction to get there.
Food is so so. I have had better thai food before.
When they say spicy,it is really spicy,by Asian standards,we love this place!
Another Madison favorite. 

I can't vouch for the authenticity of the food, but it is darn tasty, with full, fresh flavors. The staff is friendly, and the prices (though a touch on the high side) are well worth it. I'd recommend a trip to anyone that enjoys southeast asian food.
Unbelievably good. Didn't know the place existed until recenly after visiting Madison many times. I could eat at this place everytime I come to Madison and it wouldn't be enough. Great food!
LOVE this place. Willy st. location is my favorite. love the squash curry and the mango sticky rice. so delicious
Just wanted to put in a plug for their new food cart, on Johnson a little east of Mills. They have squash curry, mango/pineapple curry, and a few sides. This is my new favorite food cart in Madison. Fast service, good prices, and the best curries in Madison (aside from the brick and mortar locations).
It was Laosy.
madison has terrible asian food. this place is good. sqash and green curry rec. food is on the salty side.
Delicious food! I'm a vegetarian and I had a tofu dish with peanut sauce. I don't like spicy food, so I asked for it to be as mild as possible. Shockingly enough, they listened-- it was tasty and not too spicy. Also, it was quite a large portion for $11... plenty of leftovers.
People seem to really like this place, however it might just be that I'm not a fan of that type of food, but I was underwhelmed with this place.  Nothing particularly wrong, just the food was pretty spicy and the flavors blended together quite a bit.  I'll probably go back though.
Laotian food..........my first try, but it was spectacular.  I had a red curry dish with chicken intermixed.  They had a nice staff and smokin' food.  I'd recommend it anytime.
The food is just ok. Veggies didn't seem fresh and the taste was just weird. Probably would not go back. It didn't help to see staff in Packers gear. Go Bears!
Go 'native' if you like it hot.  This is the go- to place in Madison for Thai style food.  Either location is great.
Yum yum yum.  This place was bustling on a Friday night, and with good reason.  The veggies were fresh and the sauces weren't too heavy.  The tofu wasn't fried and there were plenty of vegetarian-friendly options.  The prices seemed a bit higher than your average Thai restaurant (and if you like Thai it appears you will like Laotian...) but it was still an enjoyable visit.  Our server was friendly and non-intrusive.  Overall, I'd be happy to go back here!
Really great food.  I love the fact that you can ask for something super spicy and they give you something super spicy.  (I find a lot of places back off on the heat even if you ask for it... probably to avoid complaints)
The dining area is very small but that's certainly not out of place on Willy st.  We have been here 5-6 times and the service has always been really great and very friendly.
I love Thai food and while traveling for work all across the country I have experienced the best and worst of Thai. However this place, a hole in the wall as most people would agree, is my favorite Thai restaurant so far. 

I simply love how rich and flavorful the food is without being heavy. The curries are great and unique. Who knew butternut squash could be so delicious.

Would recommend this place to anyone who reads reviews!

P.S. I am again on the road and love this little city in with eclectic restaurant options even though it's in Wisconsin (that's as good as it get's from a bears fan)
It was amazing!  Friendly service, comfortable, great shrimp soup for two with fresh mushrooms and spices, excellent Saturday special to recommend.  I will post a couple photos.  Great place!  And inexpensive to boot.
I've had plenty of Thai food, and was eager to try Laotian.  I was not disappointed.  I'm sure there's lots of crossover, so I can't say how authentic it is but it was darn good.

I had the mango curry with mock duck, which was incredible.  Full of flavor, just the right thickness to ooze over the rice.  I like spicy, and 2 stars just barely registered on my heat scale, but the flavors were so good I didn't care.  My friend had the curry squash, I believe, or some other veggie curry, which was good, not great.  

The service was very good.  The prices were reasonable for the quality.  The place is cozy.  I hope to go back.
One of the best take-out meals I've ever had. A group of us shared #31 Larp (with pork), #11 Kang Gai soup (w/chicken), #28 Mango Curry (w/ tofu), #19 Phra Lam Durn Don (w/chicken), and the Spring Rolls (both shrimp and tofu). We had the "timid" spice level for everything except the soup, which was "careful." The soup and Phra Lam were so very, very good. I could go for a big bowl of their peanut sauce right now. The curry was also great. The spring rolls were fine - we all liked the shrimp variety better than the tofu. The Larp dish was the only one we didn't finish (and lick the container) - too much ginger for my taste. Not terrible, but not nearly as good as the other dishes. I can't wait to return to Lao Laan-Xang!
Is Laos a country? Asked my girlfriend when we sat down together in this well-designed, high-ceilinged restaurant in Madison. After a brief discussion about South East Asia geography, we were eager to order some Laotian alcoholic beverages. I got a Laotian lager and my girl ordered the Thai Iced tea. Good choices respectively. 
This is the best Mango curry I have ever experienced, and if you order it medium it is the perfect balance of spicy and sweet. 

The staff, atmosphere and food was all delicious. I realize that's an awkward sentence.  I'm a sucker for customer service, so I was happy that our waitress brought me a side of chili peppers after I asked if they could make my peanut sauce vegetables with a little more kick. Also, they offered us mints at the end of the meal which is an essential if you plan on doin any smoochin after dinner. 

Great restaurant, decent prices, kick-ass mango curry.
This place is FANTASTIC.  Some of the best SE Asian food I've had anywhere.  If you aren't from the area you probably wouldn't know that Madison has a huge Lao population.  Lao food is similar and often identical to the dishes found in Northern Thailand.  My favorites here are the Tom Yam soup and the banana leaf fish.  Oddly enough the crab rangoons are a can't miss.  Standard dishes like curries, etc. are all available as well.

They have two locations one on Willie Street and one on Atwood.  The Willie location is better but way smaller.  A can't miss if you are visiting or just like good Thai food.
Love the Atwood Ave. location! Very intimate and a great experience. They get five stars for their chicken curry squash (one of the best dishes ever-ordered on the spicy side). Little downgrade for some of the other dishes I have ordered (good) but maybe I am just disappointed when I don't order the regular because it is so darn good.
This is one of my top three favourite restaurants in town.  We eat here almost once a week. Spring rolls are a great deal for a light and healthy lunch.
The Willy Street location of Lao Laan-Xang is very small but we were seated at a window seat on a beautiful Saturday and it was very comfortable. The service at Lao Laan-Xang was attentive from the moment we walked in and throughout the meal. The menu has a managable variety of dishes and many are able to be prepared vegetarian/vegan.

The server guided me toward the squash curry with Thai basil and I am very glad he did. I ordered it Native Lao - a very manageable level of heat - and enjoyed the way the spiciness cut through the rich coconut cream. 

I look forward to trying the mango curry, another popular dish, as well as the Monday daily special of ginger tofu. 

The only drawbacks in my experience: there were not many appealing meat-free appetizers nor does Lao-Laan Xang offer brown rice. Considering the neighborhood it is in, I believe that they would have sufficient interest to merit both. 

Note: Lao-Laan Xang is not open on Sundays. Daily specials throughout the week make this a place worth visiting after work as well as on the weekends.
The crab appetizer has no crab in it, very misleading.
Small and cozy restaurant, 10 table the most.
The food is not authentic Laotian food,
Food was great.  Service was a little cold, and left me needing water.

Loved: eggrolls and most other apps, including the cucumber salad.  My kids (2 yo and 4 yo) loved the Udon noodles with no spice.  My pad thai with tofu was really good.

The shrimp toast was a little greasy, and we were thirsty.  I will definitely be back though.
Best Laotian food I've ever had.  I had a noodle dish, curry and papaya salad.  It was all delicious with some major kick.  They use fresh ingredients so the dishes were quite flavorful.
good place to go eat!! I grown up in thailand. I would say the taste of food here very close to authentic or may be they know what I want but anyway every time I go there. I always have a really good time
Lao Laan-Zang is small and to the point. Like this review:

15 or so lunch specials for around eight bucks. Big ups!
Interesting blend of Thai-meets-Laotian.
1-4 star spice scale (I went with "cautious"/2 stars)
A decent beer/wine list for an Asian restaurant. 

Here's the deal though. I went with L1, Khua Nor Mai (chicken with mushrooms, fresh garlic, onions, green onions, zucchini, broccoli, fresh peppers, basil, and bamboo shoot strips) and I have to say it didn't have the saucy punch that reviews led me to believe. I will say that I went in that weird transition between lunch and dinner, so perhaps something got lost in translASAIN? Regardless the spring rolls are enough to get me to go back, and I'm excited to explore the menu a bit more!
Let me preface this review by nothing that by all means I am no laotian food expert. I do know my tastebuds though and this place simply did not win them over. My companion and I shared a wonton soup for an appetizer and this was the best part of the meal by far. A good spice and a far cry from the blandness that is often experienced at every americanized chinese restaurant in the US. 

The problem was with the main course. I ordered the green curry (what the waitress recommended as it was her favorite) with the fake duck. The portion was large but it lacked depth. It was mostly potato, curry sauce, and fake duck meat. I was a vegetarian for 15 years and occasionally still crave the replica of the real deal...not in the sense of a substitution, I actually like it! Sadly, this stuff was not good...maybe a 3 on a ten scale, 1 being that watery tofu that turned everyone off tofu. 

Okay so the protein wasn't that great...but most people I know will tolerate an overcooked fish as long as it's served with lots of butter. The curry should of been the saving grace of this meal, but that too fell flat. The green curry seemed to hit one note and when I think curry I think it must of been invented by an overworked spice rack giving up and everything just falling into the pot below and with a chef, simply having had enough, served this dish with every spice in the kitchen included and bam! Curry! The dish I experienced here did not fit that description, it was bland and simply lacking in tatebud stimulus. 

The waitress was wonderful (my water glass was never even close to 1/2 empty and the palce was packed!), the spice level was spot on with what we ordered, but ultimately it was not to my liking. 

Unfortunately this place reminded me of those americanized chinese restaurants in that the people running it have toned down the flavors in order to suit americans better. I doubt this is the food the cooks eat on their break, and that to me does not say authenticity. But hey, the place was very busy, so check it out and decide for yourself!
My first trip to Lao Laan Xang last night... Had the Curry Squash since it seems so popular.  It really was quite delicious!  I wasn't super hungry, so I didn't try any appetizers this time.  Next time, I have to try the spring rolls for sure.  I will definitely be back!
Very good food and very nice and prompt service. We ordered the Curry Squash with tofu, one of their soups, Moak Gai, and one of their fried rice dishes. We didn't really care for the Moak Gai as it didn't seem to have much flavor. The soup and fried rice where very good and worth ordering again, but it was the Curry Squash that left us wanting more. What a great little place. Note this place is not large, but they seem to handle it very well.
Horrible food!  Spring rolls have the thinnest slice of shrimp!  They also had Brown cilantro in them.  I ordered the mango curry and it was tasteless.  I have never had a curry that tasted so bland.  Next to zero chicken and the pieces I did get looked like scrap meat!  I tried staying positive though.  Ok lemme try a mango, nope it was a pineapple.  Ok here is a mango, nope another pineapple!  The rice was not jasmine rice, and tasted like paper.  The owner has successfully shown their skills at fooling us with cheap ingredients.  So I will never ever eat at this place.  Wish I could give them a no star rating
Excellent Laotian / Thai restaurant...best I've had in Madison and most anywhere else. More adventuresome than your average Thai fare. I've multiple times for take-out and dining in. Dining-in is best experience. Wonderful curries. I really enjoyed the mango curry and squash curry. In general, the food can be very spicy, which is good, and staff is helpful with information about chef's habits of spiciness. They can tone it down for you if you must... Green Papaya Salad, a staple, is best I've had. Many Wisconsin beers on menu...Small intimate, casual setting. Wonderful experiences.
Yum yum yum get the pad Thai its off the menu. Ask for the peanut sauce
We live nearby and have probably been here 10 + times. Overall, I really enjoy this restaurant, but I have found it to be hit or miss. At times the curry great and others it's not as thick in consistency. Either way, I think it's worth the trip and a great deal in terms of price and amount of food.
Order the curry.  It doesn't matter which kind, you can't go wrong, so just pick one.  I find myself craving the squash curry on a regular basis and I DONT EVEN LIKE CURRY.  Perhaps there is crack-cocaine in their recipe.  That would explain it.......
More bustling than anticipated for a weekday evening, we stood outside the little restaurant for about 5 minutes. The host was friendly and pleasant. Serve staff were likewise friendly, but with only 2 on hand for the evening, it took a while for usual service (drink refills, extra order of rice, etc).

The curry squash with mock duck impressed me. The restaurant tiers their spiciness on a scale of 1-4. I went with the "Careful" (2) rating, which for someone who rarely adds pepper as a desired spice was just right for me -- not so hot that it made the meal unenjoyable, but plenty bright enough to taste a bit of a kick amongst the wide range of flavors from the dish.

There was zero issue finding parking, and at $25 for two (dinner), we look forward to sampling more of their menu.
I love Thai food. I have tried thai food almost everywhere. I have tried many thai restaurants in chicago, orange county, boston, and in miami. By far, this is one of the top thai restaurants I have been, too. THey have the best papaya salad and seafood tum yum soup. It is so authentic. It reminded me of the tum yum soup and the salad I had when I was in ThaiLand and Laos. The only bad part about this restaurant is that it locates in Madison and I live in Chicago.
We love Thai Food!   We have eaten here many times.  Really like the new decor - good job!  Although it is tiny, we seem to get seated within a reasonable amount of time - kind of homey because of it's smallness.  Service a little slow but staff friendly and courteous.  Food is excellent, but a bit pricey.  Parking can be a problem if you go on a weekend when everyone is out and about.  We go to the other location over on Atwood too, but it's cozier here.  Bathrooms are clean and cheery!!!!  Only complaint I have is I don't like a lot of spice, always say as spiceless as you can get and it's always a bit spicier then I'd like.  Maybe that's just how it is with Thai food?
I've never been to a Thai/Vietnamese restaurant before, but I was pleasantly surprised. My coworker and I wanted to enjoy something warm (since we're both here on business from LA) and he found Lao Laan-Xang Restaurant. I was skeptical at first, but they keep the foods very authentic. I was expecting some type of curry pho, but the menu does not focus on fusion food.
The menu has a clear distinction of Vietnamese and Thai. I enjoyed a bowl of Tom Yum Noodles, while my coworker decided to go with the pho. We were both plenty satisfied with our food. The Tom Yum broth was on the blander side, but the noodles were cooked perfectly and it came with about a 10 shrimp. Normally when you order a shrimp dish, you get a handful, but not at Lao Laan-Xang Restaurant. The pho also looked very good. Full of rice noodles and plenty of beef.

If I'm ever in Madison again and need a bowl of noodles, I know where to come.

Thanks again Lao Laan-Xang for a warming and very satisfying meal.
I love this place. Really some of the best curries I have ever had.
Started off with Fresh Spring Rolls with chinese sausage. I preferred it with that house sauce which had sweet and vinegar notes rather then the plum sauce. Also got the Papaya salad that was too heavy on the fish sauce and shrimp paste. Not well balanced.

For entrees Khua Taley was not rememberable. Combination of seafood, veggies in a spicy salty sauce with citrus notes. Good but not mind blowing to get again. Now the curries are what they do. The Mango Curry was jammed packed with veggies, fruit in coconut milk, red curry and peanut sauce. Nutty, sweet and spicy. Did get 3 stars for everything and thought they were all spot on with the spice level.

The place is small. Making it noisy when service picked up. When we arrived everyone working was sitting and didn't care to stand up to greet us. Just told to sit anywhere. Then after a few minutes our waitress came over with menus. Got a vibe from her that she didn't really care the entire time. She never cared to check up on us though service. Which made it hard to get more water. Another girl actually cleared our plates, gave us our checks and another guy gave us our entrees. Who are we tipping?

May return for the curry but will go to the Atwood location first to see if they have better service.
I read a review that said some flattering and racy things about the squash curry once. So I went and tried the squash curry. I have probably sought it out once every couple of months since. If you are looking for a new addiction, come to the dark side. We have Thai basil.
I had the curry squash with chicken and the mango curry with catfish here. At least, that's what I ordered. She came back with mango curry with chicken, and I personally think that when the dish is drowned in curry, it's unacceptable to hand someone a dish with meat in it when they ordered one without meat. 

So, we let her know of her mistake and she apologized, asking if we really wanted her to take it back (who asks that? Just take it back and give me the right dish!). We declined and said it was fine. Usually a mistake like this = you give me the right dish immediately, or you strike it from the check because it was your mistake. Neither happened, and I suspect it was because she never told the manager of her mistake. Fine, just a service problem.

The food is pretty stellar: 4 stars (-1 for the obnoxious service). The curry dishes are melt-in-your-mouth good, sizable portions (you can easily split a dish between two people) and not overwhelmingly just rice, like some places. The only reason it's not five stars is because it tastes just like home cooking. Nothing explicitly wrong with that, but I enjoy a restaurant that can really amaze me with their food. This place just made me think "this is real easy to make." Tossing every ingredient into a pot and letting it simmer for a while will give you a perfect replica of the dish. No skills needed. No secret what-was-that spice. So for that, 4 stars only.
This place is magical. I would highly recommend it. Especially the fresh spring rolls, the mango curry, the Thom Som.  However, what steals the show is the sticky mango rice.  I would dare you to have the entres with Lao spice. It's pretty wild.
My boyfriend is from the Madison area, so whenever we are in town we like to try a new restaurant in the area. For his birthday, he decided he wanted to try Lao Laan-Xang.

The meal was delicious. As a vegetarian, I appreciated the fact that they carried mock duck. I ordered a mock duck noodle dish, and another member of the party ordered a mock duck curry. Both dishes were unbelievably flavorful, but I really did not enjoy the taste of the mock duck. It was rubbery and it just didn't taste like much of anything. Next time I would get the same dishes, just with tofu or veggies as opposed to the duck. 

Everyone else at the table thoroughly enjoyed their meal as well and everyone went home with leftovers.

The only "complaints" are the place is pretty small so you are near everyone else dining, and the service was a bit hit or miss. Next time I am in town though this will be one of my first stops!
Went to Lao Laan-Xang for lunch on a quiet Saturday and had a delightful meal. My order was for one vegetarian egg roll as an appetizer, the Gang Gallie curry with chicken, and jasmine tea.

The egg roll took a while to get out to me, but was hot and fresh. It was fat but not overstuffed, filled with cabbage, carrot and some other vegetables along with a good taste of seasoning. The wrap wasn't under-cooked on the on the inside like so many other egg rolls I've tried. I'm pretty sure the sweet & sour that came with was homemade, but it was so light in flavor it was unnoticeable against the bold seasoning of the egg roll itself. Kind of a shame, really.

The Gang Gallie was a yellow curry and coconut milk base with chicken, green beans, potato, onion, Thai eggplant, and what I think was acorn squash -- it definately wasn't carrot as it said on the menu. They served it in the ceramic cooking vessel and the portion size was incredibly generous. A massive bowl of white rice was served alongside for ultimate carb overload effect. It may have cost $11.95 on the menu, but I was able to take home enough to make a second meal. The curry was very nice; all the vegetables were cooked just right and the flavor of the vegetables came through the spice.

My jasmine tea was good. Enough said. =o)

As far as spiciness goes, I had ordered the curry at spice level 4. On the menu this is described as "Native Lao" and I think that's accurate; you could eat this continuously without "overheating", so to speak. They're not trying to hurt you. It's spicy, but not crazy...if you are comfortable with spicy food, order at a 4. It's not overpowering.

Service was attentive and nice. It's a small restaurant, so only one cook and one waitstaff was on duty. The food came out slowly but not unbearably so. Lao Laan-Xang was quite fairly priced and the food was good. If you haven't been, it's worth the visit.
Never disappointed and will keep coming back.  You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu.
A lot of their other dishes, particularly the curries, range from good to great.  Their Tom Yum Kung soup with tofu, on the other hand, is sublime.  It is truly exceptional...the kind of thing you want to bathe in...the kind of thing that compels you to write your first Yelp review.  Full disclaimer -- I haven't ordered it with the shrimp the dish calls for because I live in fear of imported farm raised shrimp (you should too).  I am not sure if they use farmed shrimp, but I don't need to find out because the tofu is perfect.  Lao Laan-Xang, I'll be thinking of you.
I love the food, it's exceptionally flavorful despite the level of heat. That option speaks even better of this restaurant, cuz' you can choose level of spicy heat  and no matter your choice, it will taste amazing. This is why LaobLaan-Xang is a top restaurant. Absolutely recommend to everyone. No better place in town for similar food. Make sure to always order dine-in or carry out. Delivery causes too extra expense, not friendly despite larger tip. Also make sure to choose correct location. Williamson St. vs Atwood Ave have different delivery rules although only few blocks apart.  Also, delivery orders are rarely correct. If you ask for omissions, exceptions, special instructions, few are fulfilled correctly. (only in my experience)Take this review as you will. Food is always awesome here, but delivery never expect what you ordered. That being said, I will never deny that this is still some of the best food in Madison. I recommend the spring rolls w/ house sauce.
What I'm basing my review on: 
Tom yun kung
Red curry "native lao spicy" 
Good beers at good prices

Tom yun kung soup was Delicious. I love spicy food so I had the soup at spicy level 4 (native Laotian) which is the highest level. Had a great punch but didn't overwhelm the taste of the soup. It cleared out my sinuses and got me excited for the main course. 

The red curry, again spicy level 4, was very very good. A great balance of spiciness and flavor. I'm a fan. 

With all this spicy food, they also have cold beers at great prices! This place is a must try for spicy food lovers and a fun place to get a casual meal with a friend. 

5 stars for overall taste, experience, and price value.
It makes me sad to say it, but Lao Laan-Xang is just not what it used to be. The last few times I've been there, my curries have been watery, and there has been too much of the cheaper ingredients (ex. potatoes, bamboo shoots), and not quite enough of the more quality ones (ex. Thai eggplant). Last time I went I ordered cucumber salad, which was just kind of bland, and their vegetarian peanut curry, which was also rather bland, as well as heavy on the tofu and, I repeat, watery. Disappointment. 

I still really love their cozy atmosphere and friendly service, but the food is now just meh.
This place easily makes it on to my top ten restaurants in Madison. Was last there on my birthday and my girlfriend and I waited it out till opening time at five pm. (they actually let us in early and prepared a quick spring roll for us as we waited)
We eat vegan and as some vegans know, it can be daunting to order this way because servers, cooks, etc. still confuse vegetarian with vegan. NOT this place. Practically everything on their menu can be prepared this way.
The soup for two is so nice when they bring out the big bowl with little heater under it. Tom ka soup was delicious. And we loved that it's hot but never overpoweringly hot.
Next up were the entrees. Green curry with vegetables and the garlic ginger with vegetables. Loved them both, and as thought I've tried many things there I came to find out the garlic ginger was new to me. And oh, was it awesome. Nice grilled flavor on everything, such intense taste.

Awesome experience again! 
And total props to the nice lady who chatted with us as we were getting ready to leave.
Best place in town!
Mediocre food. Very poor service.
I've been to Laos and this is as good as it gets for Lao food outside of Laos.  Easily Madison's best restaurant.  Not the fanciest (linoleum floors, etc.) just the best food served anywhere in town.  (Yes, that includes L'Etoile, Harvest, or whatever.)
What a damn cute place! Apparently we lucked out and it was the Laotian new year (what a coincidence!) and they gave us a free order of spring rolls.

Spring rolls-- YUM. They even made the house sause vegetarian for picky 'lil me.
Squash Curry-- HOLY SHIT YUM. Get this and eat it. I got a side of steamed veggies in case of the usual "Here's your curry good luck finding the veggies"  but the portions were HUGE and the veggies weren't needed.
Spicy Peanut Curry- Boyfriend is a carnivore, but got this with tofu and loved it. Still, the clear winner was the squash curry.

Service was wonderful: they were clearly busy, but our server was ON IT. And friendly. She forgot to put in the order for steamed veggies, but brought them out within like, 5 minutes of me asking if they were on their way.

Love love love. Next time we come back to Madison, you can bet your busaba we'll be eating our dinners here.
Great truly spicy Lao food. As you may or may not know, Laos is culturally very tied to parts of Thailand, but has its own rich heritage, and the food shows both the similarity and the differences. The food here is delcious. Love the sticky rice. Love that the papaya salad comes with fried chicken -- what a great combo!
Yyyyyyyyeah this review update has been a long time coming. Here are the 5 reasons I'm bumping these guys up to 5 stars:

1. The atmosphere. I absolutely love the quaint converted home feel and don't mind that there are only two tables. Ok. There are more than two. But don't be bummed if they're filled because you've been warned. It's small. But cute. 

2. The staff. I have never asked someone for a recommendation and been led astray. I've found some of my favorite dishes (currently the pineapple curry) by chatting up the staff and asking them what they love. 

3. Pineapple Curry. (You don't need to know anything more.)

4. Carry out is quick! At least the few times I've done it. Other places on Willy seem to take their time (25-45 mins) but my orders at LLX are usually ready in 15. 

5. Pineapple Curry. Ok. That was weak. I'll give you another. Basil fried rice. Get it with chicken and tell them 2/3 stars for a touch of heat. Spicy herb, sweet/saltiness from the soy and some protein and veg... fuhget-about-it! 

There's also a good chance I ordered both the pineapple curry and basil fried rice today and asked for two sets of chopsticks even though I planned to get them home and scarf both. By myself.
We were looking for something different when I was in Madison so I said we should check out this place and all said OK. This place is on a trendy street with all kinds of bars and restaurants so parking can be tough. We went on a Saturday at 6:30 and there was a line to get in. The place is small but the tables were turning with the people waiting. It was a nice simple decor and looked clean. It took twenty minutes to get a table. The waitress was great but she had too many non stop tables and I thought we would not see her very much but she came over enough times to take care of us. Every one liked the food and would go back again but I'm only going to talk about my order. We started with pork egg rolls and they are like so different from any thing I have had before. They had a light crispy shell and the filling was a tasty dumpling like filling with a hint of heat  after you swallowed your bite. Not your veg roll with bits of pork. I had the khua pet taley with 2.5 level heat. Over all it was a taste explosion  with a fresh citrus flavor. The plate was more than enough with sea food and veg's in a spicy broth. It comes with all you can eat sticky rice as do most orders. Every one I saw left with food as did we. I don't know when I will get back but I will. They also have daily specials. This is a must try if you can.
Some of the best Laotian food I've ever had. Whenever I'm in Madison, I go here! Try the curry dishes! 
Prices are fair, service is great and the food is simply tasty.
This is a good Thai restaurant.It can be very hot if you choose native Lao.
The best comfort food in Willy street!!! It's really cosy and popular but you never have to wait too long. 

I won't recommend coming here with a group bigger than 4 though. 

Best service from Kai; she is so friendly! 

Now, about the food!!! Fried egg rolls with pork!!!!!  Crispy thin skin packed with delicious ingredients. Shrimp toast if you're in the mood for more fried stuff. 

Now entrees. Portions are so huge you can share family style or be ready for leftovers. I love stuffed chicken wings  - the peanut sauce!!!! Take the meat out of the sauce once it's here so we don't worry about soggy skin. The Friday fish fry is awesome too! Fish fry with an Asian twist! Mok gai or Mok pa is really good if you like herby fish or meat. Laab is really good!! Tasty minced meat with sticky rice. 

And you HAVE to save space for dessert! Best mango sticky rice ever!!! 

Thirsty? Go for the Thai ice tea :) there's actually tea in there.
The squash curry is my favorite. Fresh food, good wait staff, quiet setting. Yum.
Being vegetarians, this was a good place to go.  The waitress was very friendly and efficient.  The food was very good except the bland peanut sauce and the gooey noodles.  The portions were big enough that we had to bag the left-overs.  The crab Rangoon appetizer was very good.  I wish oriental restaurants would use brown rice instead of that pasty white stuff.
I love how cozy the interior is. It feels like you've come to visit a friend and they're cooking dinner. :) Oh yeah, and the friend just happens to be an awesome chef. That being said, I don't think this place is great for large groups, but the food arrived in a timely manner despite it being full when I was there, so perhaps takeout is an option for groups? 

Now, the food. I'm a sucker for crab rangoons (I know, so conventional) and these are absolutely fantastic. I was kind of intimidated by the size of them on the plate (they're kind of large) and they were perfectly crispy and stuffed really full of all those unhealthy things I love. The dish I ordered was the #13 (can't remember the name) and two-star spicy was the perfect amount of heat for it. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the combination of seasoning was wonderful and broccoli and ermagehrd so good. Also there was pork. Mmm pork. I love you, pork.
Tremendous dinner early Friday evening - great service, and delicious (and very authentic) Laotian food. 

 I had  Khao Tod Nam Som (combination of ground pork, eggs, chiles, and fresh grated coconut, served with lettuce leaves and cilantro, for wrapping), and  Moak Pa (steamed catfish mixed with ground pork and chiles, wrapped in banana leaves), served with an incendiary chile condiment and steamed sticky rice.  Both were spiced appropriately as requested, meaning very hot.    The flavors were perfectly balanced in both dishes; the Moak Pa was savory and complex, the Khao Tod Nam Som both hot and cool, crunch and refreshing.   While beer is an appropriate beverage for Laotian food, and they have a very nice selection,  I had a couple of glasses of a Wisconsin wine (!), a Wollersheim fume blanc, a slightly sweet and crisp white that is a perfect foil for the hot and assertive fare.  

As always, the service at Lao Laan-Xang was perfect.  The staff is always hugely friendly, and you will never be ignored or talked down to.  I've been coming here for over a decade, and have NEVER had a bad meal.  Heck, I've never even had a mediocre one.  (Also highly recommended: the mango curry with squash and potatoes.  I've stolen the recipe, I confess, and make it at home.)  

You should go.  Now!  (but never on Sundays - they are closed, unfortunately.)
I was in the area and decided to stop at the Laotian restaurant that had so many yelpers raving. 

Lunch prices were reasonable. I ordered the ginger garlic stir-fry with chicken - medium hot. A few things: a) the medium hot was pretty mild (thank goodness...I don't know what possessed me to order it medium); b) the ingredients were fresh, but I noticed that some of the vegetables, like the baby corn and mushrooms were from a can; c) the complementary appetizer (salad or eggroll) was a nice touch and added a little more dimension to the meal. 

The food was average and really nothing that I couldn't easily replicate at home. I wasn't particularly impressed, although the neighboring table left raving about their meal. Maybe I should have ordered something else?

The service was thoughtful, albeit slow, which was a disappointment because there were only three other tables occupied at the time. Really, it took an inordinate amount of time for my entree to be served. 

There are plenty of other South East Asian restaurants in the Madison area to try, so I won't be dying to come back to Lao Laan-Xang anytime soon.
Solid curry dishes. My favorite is the mango curry. There are two locations that are equally good. The only difference is that the one on Willy St. is much smaller.
I ordered the Mango Curry and when I ate it, I actually died and went to heaven where I promptly ordered it again. Also, the veggie spring rolls taste like the most amazingly beautiful shade of green. Perfect!
It was ok.   The squash curry was great- I really did enjoy it.   However, a few of the other dishes weren't nearly as enjoyable, especially in comparison to other versions of the dishes I have had before.   
 
I would eat here again, but it's nothing to rave about.
I absolutely love Lao Laan-Xang.... on Atwood.
I have not had good experiences with the Willy street location. This one is closer to me so I always try to call them for delivery first. Last time I called, they were 'full' for the evening for delivery. Tonight, I tried calling 6 times over a period of about 30 minutes and did not get an answer. My husband happened to drive by there as I was trying to call and said there were only 2 people in the restaurant. 
I called the Atwood location and got an answer on my first attempt. This is my favorite place for curry and crab rangoons, but I will always choose the Atwood location.
Outstanding Laotian and thai food. Their curries aren't perfect (too thick/heavy for my taste) but their stir fry's are amazing. Hot dishes are served steaming hot and if you ask for "native lao" they truly make the dish extra spicy. Nice, casual environment for lunch or dinner. Good portions. Lots of veggie options (tofu, mock duck, etc.)
Outstandingly amazing squash curry. Just really good. Perfect. 5 stars.

So why the 3? Well gather round, children.

When the food came out we were starving. It didn't look quite like squash curry, but it could have been it, so we each had a bite. We quickly realized that it wasn't, and then waited for the server to come back to ask if we had the right dish. She came back, bringing us the correct dish and apologizing. OK, great. No harm, no foul.

Then she proceeded to take the other dish and gave it to another table! We had just eaten out of it! Just beware and make sure you're food comes straight from the kitchen. Who knows how else they operate here if they're willing to do that.

Still though, the squash curry was frakkin' delicious.
*sigh 

I have developed a sensitivity to MSG and can no longer eat at Lao Laan-Xang. I really loved it. 

Boo.

-Since posting this I got a "compliment" that they have a sign stating they do not use MSG. Sign or no I get the "fuzzy" feeling I only get from MSG and am sick for days after eating there.
We go to this place 2-3 times/year. Most of the food is very good especially the coconut-y soup. I forgot the name. It is out of this worldly. The dishes are large and tasty. The service is very good. The owner is a lovely older woman who is really there to please you. Convenient location, raking is easy.
I got the mango curry as take-out. The staff was super friendly. The food was very good. I got a spice level of 3 out of 4. It wasn't too spicy, 4 probably would have been pleasant for someone who likes spicy food.

Rice came with the curry; didn't even have to ask.
Stopped in for dinner with a friend on 11/13/13. This place could quite possibly be the best Asian restaurant in Madison...

+ Love the cozy, quaint atmosphere - easy to talk and enjoy your company
+ Incredibly friendly servers - attentive, prompt, and helpful

+THE PAPAYA SALAD!!! For real - so awesome.
+ "Adventurous" level spice is PERFECT - nice consistent heat with just a little lingering burn on the back of your lips. It's excellent. We chose level 3 for the salad & our entrees
+ Gang Gallie - OMG. I tried some of my friend's dish and it was unreal. Yellow curry FTW
+ Daily specials! I ordered the special, which featured beef, green beans, Thai eggplant, and galangal root... interesting flavor but very tasty

- This is very minor: limited bottled beer selection, but who cares?! The food... go for the food

Tip: visit on weeknights; weekends are usually packed. We walked right in at 7:00pm.

LOVE.
THIS.
PLACE.
period.
Presenting a summary of my feelings during my first visit to Lao Laan-Xang:
1. "Wow, this waiting area is REALLY tiny...we are literally standing right behind the door."
2. "Holy options, Batman, this is awesome."
3. "Huh, never tried pork egg rolls in sweet & sour sauce befo--omg, I will never eat a pork egg roll without sweet & sour sauce again."

Then I ate my sweet & sour chicken (amazing) and two bowls of white rice. Now I want to go back immediately and try the crab rangoon, pineapple and/or mango curry, and fried rice.

In sum: I'm so glad I tried this place. I especially love that you can customize your spiciness, and that the star levels are very accurate. I'm a total wimp about spicy food, and my two-star ("Careful") chicken had a little bit of kick, but was very tolerable. Our server was great too, super friendly and attentive. The food is very high quality, and very authentic. So good.
I got the Tom Yun off the other poster...and I coughed. But it was so good! Rich/spicy/aroma filled yet balanced by succulent, sweet shrimp. Fantastic restaurant.
Wonderful food! Simple but detailed explanations of food on the menu. Kind staff . The portions are big enough to share and everything is amazing! Highly recommend the kang gai soup
The food is overpriced, and of medium quality. Try the larp for something authentic.

I won't be coming back with more than 1 friend though since they refused to split a check with multiple credit cards. Very inconvenient.
My friend and I wanted to try the Weary Traveler, but decided that we didn't want to wait to be seated, so we headed over to Lao Laan-Xang instead for a quick dinner.

I ordered the Khua Mee because I was craving pad thai and figured (based on the ingredients) that it would be the closest I could get to the classic Thai dish. I was right. The Khua Mee really hit the spot and satisfied my craving! 

The noodles pack a lot of flavor, and there is enough lime juice mixed into the sauce to give it that extra lil somethin' somethin'. One bite and I was sold. It really took all my will-power not to devour the entire plate of noodles (which really is way too much food for one person).

On both counts of quantity and quality of food, the Khua Mee really shined! Unfortunately, my friend's basil fried rice was bland and slightly disappointing, but I think my dish more than made up for his.

We also ordered the shrimp toast appetizer because we had no idea what it was and wanted to try something new. It reminded me of the fried shrimp balls we used to get during dim sum, but much more oily. I don't know if I would recommend this for the health-concious diner. I'd probably suggest the spring rolls instead!
Yum yum if you want a spicy bum! That's right. They make it spicy here and your colon will NOT be thanking you later. But(t) that's a good thing for a Thai/Lao restaurant, right?

The tom yum was super delicious, but the mushrooms were undercooked. Quite raw, in fact. The shrimp in the tom yum was super tasty though. I know they have spice levels (timid, careful, adventurous, or native lao), but these seem like they'd be hard to control in a soup. I think we got the bottom of the barrel because even though we ordered our soup "careful," it was spicy as hell. 

After noting how spicy the soup was, we changed our entree orders from "adventurous" to "careful." The Khua Mee came out good and I love that they put broccoli in it. The beef larb, however, was still really spicy. I wouldn't consider it "carefully" spiced. But the other seasonings in the larb were spot on. Larbalicious.

I'd come here again, for sure. I want to try their curries next time because they look awesome. So far, they're the best thai restaurant in Madison that I've tried.
Corey D said we were heading to Lao Laan-Xang for lunch. Laotian food, I thought? What is this? Sadly, I don't think I've encountered it before. Sad, because my lunch here was d.e.l.i.c.i.o.u.s. 

The lunch specials are a great deal, around $8 for more food than I could eat in one sitting (although I came close.) I ordered a spicy and sweet level 3 heat pineapple and pork dish that I loved. It came with one of the best eggrolls I've had.

The inside is cozy and quaint and at the tale end of lunch hour it was pretty deserted. I'd definitely be up for heading back to try more of their menu next time I find myself in Madison!
We had a wonderful dining experience here. I ordered the Filet special and my husband ordered the pineapple curry with pork. Make sure you order the pineapple curry spicy, it's superb but the filet dish is really something special. Looking forward to coming back here next time I visit Madison.
We ordered spicy papaya salad, pork larb and Khan Gai Soup and it was alright.  The soup was probably the best here.
Great food.  Very generous portions.  I vow to return often.  We ask for mild and it was perfect.  I might get more adventuresome next time, because I like a little heat.  Not so for my husband.
Best curry I've had in Madison. I had the squash curry and about died... YUM! It was just perfect. Their Khua Mee is also really yummy, and the spring rolls are killer. Soooo I guess you could say I'm a fan!
Best Thai food I've ever had. Read review it was a good place to eat so decided to check it out. Fresh spring rolls were excellent.  So good had to order more to take home. Service was great. Very friendly and attentive.  You could tell nothing here was out of a can, very fresh.  Just opening when we got there, every table was full by the time we left. Must tell you something about how good they are. Two thumbs up. We will be back.
This places serves up some excellent Lao grub and is consequently always bustling with Madisonians hungry for good ethnic food.  I hear that there is a Willy St location as well, but I haven't had a chance to compare.
I treat Madison like a nice weekend retreat. The Hamptons on Chicago, if you will...anyway, one of the great draws of Madison are the wonderful Lao restaurants -- the food is fresh, fruit-laden, and spicy, but in ways that are distinct from what you would find in neighboring Thai and Vietnamese cuisine. Excellent experience and true to what you find in a nice restaurant in Vientiane. 

Literally everything on the menu is great and it's shameful that we have nothing comparable in Chicago. Notch one up for Mad Town.
FINALLY (Thank you Yelp!) I was able to locate this restaurant after numerous tries.  The original location was closed so we ended up here for lunch on a Monday.  I had a lot of anticipation after hearing such GREAT AND WONDERFUL things about Lao Laan Xang and I was very satisfied with the end result.  I do love my curry and ordered the pineapple chicken and catfish curry.  As I am Asian Pacific Islander, I opted for the "Native" spicy level while my lunch date tried 'adventurous.'  I didn't detect a difference in the levels of spiciness however.  Curry was perfect in texture and taste.  Good lunch prices.  I'm now looking forward to take-out on those busy school nights and definitely bringing family and friends here from out of town to enjoy as well!
Lao Laan Xang was a bit of a let down. Maybe I need to stop reading reviews on Yelp before dining at a place. It's like ruining the surprise of a movie by reading its review first. And disappointment is always worse when your expectations fall short of the actual experience.

My sister and I had snuck away from a dinner party with my parent's friends to eat out. The restaurant was moderately busy which afforded a leisurely paced dinner. I have memories of this location when it used to be a decent mexican place called Pasqual's. LLX did a good job creating a cozy, warm interior, working hard to mute out the previously festive colors. I just wish they had saved a few of the festive flavors too.

We started with the best part of the meal, Kang Gai soup. It was savory and rich, with a lush coconut flavor and mild spice. The tofu in the soup was firm and complimented the soup. I kept wolfing it down as my sister told me about her recent trip to India. 

But the rest of the meal wasn't so tasty. The appetizer combo was a bland combination of fried this and that. I could barely tell the taste of the fried shrimp from the spring roll. They should throw a chicken skewer or fresh veggie into the mix.

For our mains we mistakenly ordered the Moak Pa, catfish stuffed with dill and steamed in banana leaves. The bland but catfishy flavor was overwhelming and was served with bland broccoli and steamed veggies. Note to self, from now on, only order fried cat fish... but wait, didn't I already have some as an appetizer??

The other dish should have been an easy winner - curry squash. Again flavor was sorely absent and substituting tofu again for chicken didn't help the sauce. Perhaps when we asked for "timid" spiciness they took that to mean timid FLAVOR.

2.75 * stars
Good beer selection, especially a lot of yeasty brews that help with the spices.  I feel this suffers from the same disease that many SE Asian restaurants in America possess--spice is seen as a substitute for flavor, instead of a complement.  Non-spicy stuff like spring rolls were generally bland and even staples like the tofu and sticky rice were a let down.
I'm on the fence on this one. 

The first time I was there, I had a fish entree with(waaaaayyyy too much)lemongrass. Not so good. 

The last time we went, I had the dumpling soup which was really flavorful, and my entree(a noodle dish) was nothing short of yum. My boyfriend always gets something that looks like your average chicken and vegetable mix...and he seems pleased(but if you screw THAT up...we have problems).

The dining area is very open--and very loud. I wish it was a bit more mellow.
Ehh.

The only reason to go to this location of Lao Laan Xang is if you have a party of four or more.  The only advantage it has over the Willy Street location is size.  

Our waitress was so completely unfriendly that I was turned off of the whole restaurant.  We arrived and had to wait for two other people to show up.  During the 10 minute wait for our friends, we were asked if we wanted to order at least twice.  As soon as our friends sat down, the waitress was back to ask if we could order yet.  Uh...no?  Could they look at the menu first?  Jeez louise, lady.  Nothing was ever said with a smile, and it was apparent that she couldn't wait for us to get the f-outta' her restaurant.  I'd like to add that they were hardly busy.

The food was delicious, just as it is at the other location.  The food almost makes me want to give it 3 stars.  But you know what?  I did not walk away feeling "A-OK" about the experience.  All I wanted to do was to pinch the waitress' cheek and say, "Heyyyyy!  Buck up, sunshine!  It's called "customer service!"  Or, you know, lay her tip out on the table and revoke bills as her service got worse.
I really like the catfish in yellow curry and order it almost every time. Pretty much anything in the coconut curry sauce has been enjoyable. A couple of dishes are really spicy, but lack flavor. 

My big complaint is they always seem to be out of random things when we go, and that can be frustrating. One time it was tea. Another it was a particular soft drink. Another it was catfish. C'mon! Get your act together and properly stock your restaurant.
The squash curry with chicken is delicious. I love squash. I love curry. This dish makes me happy. I had to be out of town for a couple months for work and while gone I got a craving for their squash curry. I tried other places while I was away, but nothing is as yummy in my book. My first weekend back home I had to head over here for lunch and give into my craving. Lunch prices are very reasonable at under $10 during the week and a bit more on the weekend. 

Of course, I'm not an expert on Laotian food and I don't like things too spicy hot because I'm a wimp, so I can't comment on how authentic it is.
Lao is like the go-to when I am up visiting my parents in Madison. We end up at the Atwood location because it's a lot bigger than the shop on Willy - never too crowded.

I like all of the windows at this location, and it is super convenient if you are going to a show at the Barrymore...or if you want to go get chocolate at Ambrosius afterward for dessert. 

The food? Everything is amazing and fresh - tons of vegetables...and a single order of whatever you are getting always is enough for leftovers. The curry squash never fails! The garlic stir fry is WONDERFUL. If you like spicy, they will actually make it spicy for you.  For specials, the Moak Pa is great, too.  They have a great bottled beer selection, and some decent wines by the glass as well.  Mmm, and good spring rolls, too.

Great service...but we do go there often and know the people from the neighborhood:)

Have you had the mango sticky rice? Holy shit.
I have to say I have always been a big fan of this place. The first couple of times I went I really liked it. I was torn between giving this place 3 or 4 stars, just because I went there today and was disappointed. A lot of the curry dishes taste so similar it is hard to tell them apart sometimes. Also I wonder if the curry dishes are made to order or pre made and then scooped out when you order them?Also there were way too many pototoes in the curry dish. I think there should be a good mix of vegetables in it, more green beans, more carrots, more squash..not just an overload of potatoes. That makes me think they are cutting corners because potatoes are cheaper then some of the other vegetables.
Flavorful food,  appealing atmosphere, good service, reasonable prices, funky neighborhood.

At the right time of day, there is some good people-watching to be had.

Best Crab Rangoon in town.
This is the place we get take-out from, more than any other.  The reasons are numerous, but some favorites include the broccoli with peanut sauce, pineapple curry, their soups, their fresh spring rolls with either shrimp or tofu, and don't forget to add on the cucumber salad (something like $1.50).  If dining in, the soup is a double treat because of the presentation.  If you like spice, they'll accommodate!  And kids (at least our little kid) always love eating here (or from here).
We went here after reading many stellar reviews and hearing from friends that it was the best food in town.  First things, first the waitresses and hostesses were not very pleasant.  They hardly welcomed us in at 6:30 on a Sunday.  It was about 85 degrees out and the building doesn't appear to have AC which was clearly ticking them off, but as people who are trying to help them make money for the evening I was put out by their attitudes.  We decided to dine outside where our smile-less waitress continued to bus the table next to us.  Rather than taking the previous diners full glasses of water back to the kitchen she chose to hurl the water into the street while we were eating.  Now I know this isn't a fancy restaurant but along with the sour puss she wore the whole time we were there I found this to be rude.  The food was decent, but one of the entrees was over cooked.  When we didn't ask to box it she asked if there was something wrong and I told her the beef was really really tough.  She said she would take it off the bill and did, thankfully.  When I went in later to drop off the check she did finally come out with a little personality and say that she tried our dish and it was awful and that she was sorry.  All in all there wasn't anything that would encourage me to come back.
I've eaten at the Atwood location once.  Considering the place was packed, and we had a table of 8 people service was adequate.  One meal took a little longer than the others to come out, and they did apologize for it.  This is one of the few places in WI, where I can ask for something hot (spicy), and it actually comes hot.  I have yet to try anything here I don't like.  If I'm in the Madison, or know of someone passing through.  I usually have them bring something back for me.  I enjoy it that much.  If this location is too busy or your looking for something more intimate, check out the williamson location.  I'm actually waiting for a delivery as I type!
Stopped here on a trip up from Chicago, so this was a first visit and probably a rare one. After reading so many lukewarm reviews here, I had pretty low expectations, and indeed, the place was fairly empty on a Saturday afternoon. I was worried. Needlessly, it turned out. I ordered mango curry with tofu, and it was delicious--rich, silky, complex. And the highest spice level wasn't really all that hot--either my taste buds are half dead from the homegrown habaneros I've been eating, or they're dumbing it down for their farm-fed clientele. My co-diner ordered, in addition to a curry that he really liked, a Bell's Two-Hearted India Pale Ale that I fell in love with,. Our waitress was nice enough to tell us, when I asked, exactly where in town we could procure our own supply. Other than I thought it was a bit expensive, especially for a simple storefront restaurant, I was pleased with our experience.
More like 2.5 stars. An ok place in a pinch, but I've had better. 

First, if you're going to make a big deal about heat level from peppers on the menu (4 levels, including "native Laotian") then you should deliver. A dedicated chili lover, I asked for native level, and all I got was a whisper of cayenne. No visible chilis in my curry. Had to ask for a saucer of sriracha on the side. So #fail there. 

The fruited curries (pineapple or mango) seem to be where they shine. Noodles were unremarkable, and a selection of appetizers were hit or miss (great rolls, thick doughy dumplings). 

Somewhat friendly to vegetarians - though I think vegans will probably be hesitant on whether they do or don't use fish sauce.
First off, the food was very good.   What is a restaurant worth if they can't make good food?   
We stopped by here for lunch after hearing good things about this place.  My sweetheart really enjoyed her dish which always makes me happy and she's a tough judge.  The prices were very affordable.
The atmosphere of the place is ok.   A little small if there were a lot of people but only a few people there when we stopped by.   Two love birds were off necking in a booth which sometimes bugs me but I really liked this because they were so damn nuts about each other that it was really heartwarming and they were so cute together.
We ordered medium spice which was quite a bit hotter than I expected.  We like heat so that was ok but someone else might be a little overpowered.   
All the ingredients were fresh, of good proportion and had a very good aroma.   Everything was very hot as in cooked through and needed to cool off for a bit before we could eat, which is how we prefer our food served.
The music was a contemporary station, yuck.   Some people won't care or maybe like but I would rather not listen to the song "I Can Only Imagine" while I eat Laotian food.  
Improve the atmosphere and the music and this place moves closer to 5 stars but the food was terrific and we will be back.
You know those places that you visit, usually when you go see your relatives living someplace far away, and they have a restaurant or shop that you can't find back home? 

Then when you are away, you dream about going back there some day....This is that kind of place for me, and that is why it's one of my first visits when I go to Madison. 

Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of great Asian restaurants back in Houston, in fact, it has one of the largest Asian communities outside of the west coast so we got tons of awesome places that I can go to.

The unique quality of Lao Laan-Xang is that it has that subtle flavor profile that is indicative of food from Laos and Myramar (Burma) that it is kind of halfway between Asian and Indian food; so you can have the curries and some of the flavor profiles from India-Thailand, but if you are looking for the more traditional Asian-Chinese type of food, you can find this kind of dishes here too. 

Including these dishes is essential to appeal to the All-American pallet in an 'ethnic joint' in a small city,  but if you want to see where these guys shine with really unique stuff, stick to the original traditional dishes!

You will be back again, and again.
My friends chose this place when we were on the way to Dells. We were looking for some Thai food but ended up with this nice Lao restaurant.  We liked it.

I ordered the fish curry in native Lao's spicy. It came with the white curry sauce which i was expecting something in red curry if it would be spicy. Surprisingly It was tasty with right amount of spiciness for me. My mom got the garlic shrimp which just looked and tasted like a typical Chinese garlic shrimp with plenty fresh vegetables. She said that was exactly what she wanted. Nice! Kids loved the fried rice. It was really all great on the food except they put potato in the fish curry. Is that a tradition?

Our waitress was great. She was really busy but circled back enough times to make sure we were OK. She apologized a few times for taking the order late.  

The decor was a bit old. I felt like I stepped in an old restaurant in Asia somewhere which has a warm, ancient, and relaxing atmosphere. If I had the time, I imagine I could order some tea and spend the whole afternoon there. Well, next time....
A friend was having her birthday dinner here and I was the first to arrive from our reservation. Thankfully the table was ready a bit early, unfortunately I was left alone without so much as water until someone else arrived 10 minutes after me. 

We started with spring rolls, which were a disappointment. No discernible meat in them at all. 

I ordered the Moak Pa, which is supposed to be a specialty. I asked for it to be "timid" and was stunned when the vegetables had no flavor and the fish (I had ordered chicken, by the way) was so spicy it burned my lips and I couldn't tell what I was eating (my husband pointed out that it was fish). 

The real killer was the service though. Our waitress was cold and unfriendly. When one couple decided to share an entree because the portions are large she rolled her eyes and snarled "they taste good as leftovers too". After our drink orders she asked for appetizers and walked away before we could answer. When we called her back she again rolled her eyes at us for making her come back to get our appetizer orders. 

When the check came she did not ask if we wanted it split (despite that we were sitting in distinct couplings). When we took it upon ourselves to mark which each group would be paying for she became increasingly agitated and finally demanded one of our party come with her to calculate the totals (we wrote 1,2 or 3  next to our selections - it's not like we were using Morris code). Once that fiasco was over she slopped our food into take out dishes at our table and then walked away after saying we could divide up the leftover rice ourselves. And the next day I checked my bank account and she must have run my card twice because it showed I was double charged. 

Between the either incredibly bland or super spicy food and the dismal service this place will not be getting my business again anytime soon.
Just moved to Madison a few months ago and while I've accepted that we're not going to find the same caliber food here as in Philadelphia, I was still quite underwhelmed by Lao Laan Xang. We tried for take out one Saturday afternoon a couple weeks ago and not only was our food not all that great but the customer services was terrible. 

My partner placed the order while I waited outside with our dog. We were told the food would be ready in 15 minutes so we took a long walk with the dog down Atwood Ave, stopped by Bad Dog Frida, etc. 20 minutes later we come back and the food is no where near ready. Not only that but my partner tried for over five minutes to get the attention of any of the servers/hostesses to check on our food order. He said they acted like he was bothering them and wasting their time.

Another 10 minutes went by and our food still wasn't ready. Finally a good 45 minutes after we ordered we got our take out. Now mind you the restaurant was somewhat busy at the time but please don't tell us 15 minutes and then take 45 minutes. Give us an honest estimate and we'll come back at the appropriate time and not keep checking to see if our food is ready every 10 minutes.

Once we got the food home we were less than impressed. Partner's rice-based chicken dish was almost too bland and also too peppery (black pepper not vegetables) at the same time. Also the vegetable mix was most certainly frozen (I have the same mixed veggie blend in my freezer).

My order of what I think was called Honey Chicken was better but less than stellar. The sauce was overly sweet in a cloying way. I ended up draining half of the sauce from my dish before eating the rest. The veggies and chicken however weren't all that bad.

Overall, we won't be going back. And seeing as how we also didn't love Sala Thai, unless Ha Long Bay comes through for us, I might be giving up on Laotian/Thai food while we live in Madison...
Three stars for the food, an extra star for the service.

First, the service: We brought a family group of 13 at 8:45, just 15 minutes before closing. Yes, we're terrible. Still, they set up a nice table for us and were friendlier than they had to be. We had an 18% gratuity factored into the check, FYI.

Second, the food. It was good, but I think they played it safe. A couple good curries, especially the one featuring mango/pineapple, but the tofu stir-fry (with peppers) was pretty underwhelming, in my opinion. Safe vegetables, muted seasoning, safe, safe, safe.
Five stars because it's in a fun neighborhood, the food is outstanding, and they are very vegan-friendly. My absolute favorite dish is the tofu in peanut sauce (either #33 or #34... the other of the two is my second favorite). The spring rolls are a marvelous start to a tasty meal, and can be made vegan upon request. 

Spiciness is really an individual thing... I usually ask for 1 1/2 to 2 stars because I like a little heat but not overpowering. I find that 3 stars can make you sweat, but then again some people don't think that's enough!
Nice place with good food.  I had lunch with my daughter - she the squash curry, myself the catfish curry.  Don't pass on the squash curry - very good.  The catfish curry tasted slightly metallic - no sure if that was from the coconut milk or what, but it was just a little off.  Still good - but ....

Also, they definitely under seasoned when it comes to heat - I ordered the hot (but not native hot) and it was mild.  Barely would of qualified as medium.  It was good, but I wanted more heat.

Good service, nice decor, good location.  They have a good selection of drinks, I definitely would try this out for dinner or a group of friends after work.  Good for lunch also - lunch is $8 ish, comes with salad, spring or egg roll - good value and you can get in and out quickly.  Nice enough to take a business colleague, or go on a date.

Also has free wi-fi.

For just food, 3 stars.  Add great prices, good service, free wi-fi, nice atmosphere - 4 stars.
The Kang Gai soup is wonderful!
We had lunch here last weekend and it was very tasty.  I had the honey chicken and my dining partner had the mango curry with tofu.  We also split a giant appetizer platter with shrimp, egg roll, spring roll, crab rangoons, and shrimp toast.  That could have been a meal in itself, so we took huge portions of our entrees home.  We both ordered our food 2 stars, which on the menu says careful.  I did not detect much heat in mine, so I would definitely bump it up to 3 on the next visit.  The flavor was delicious though!  We were both very satisfied with our lunch.  Note:  There is no lunch menu on the weekend, so you do pay dinner prices, but we had wanted to try this place, so that was fine.  The waitress working that day was so friendly and accommodating, not to mention she was the only waitress working!  This place is solid, hope to go back soon.
It's amazing what a few blocks can do, in this case... not much if you're heading further East. I love me some Lao Laan... never really had Lao prior to moving to Madison. But I just don't get the same attentive service, sweet menu recommendations and authentic experience I so often found on Willy. What gives? The menu is more compact but the dining room is bigger, so it's perfect if you need room to groove, but other than the size, I think Willy is probably you're best bet if you're looking for curry east of the capitol.
One of my favorite Madison restaurants! Whether you are looking for curry, a noodle dish, or a rice dish, this place nails it! The food is very similar to what I found in Northern Thailand and everything I've had is super fresh and flavorful.
Amazing food, great portions, and friendly staff.  Great neighborhood spot!
I moved to Madison yesterday and have always wanted to try Lao Laan Xang since I contemplated moving here.  Unfortunately, it wasn't as good as I'd hoped.  I ordered a grilled catfish in banana leaf, sticky rice and steamed veggies-my food arrived cold and when I flagged down a waitress, she wasn't very apologetic.  When the waiter returned with it, the rest of my table was almost done eating. The waiter quickly said "sorry about that" and rushed off.  The sauce that came with my steamed veggies was strange and not warm either.  All in all, it was a very odd meal combination.

My husband was very satisfied with his imitation duck curry (which was very good!).  The two others at our table were disappointed-they said their meals were like a bland Chinese stir fry.  

I was expecting a lot of fresh and exciting flavors....it was meh instead.  I have to say I don't think I would come back, but I might try the other location.
This is a good lunch place on Atwood by the Olbrich Gardens and not too far from campus.  I have eaten here often and really enjoy the curry dishes.  The squash curry is excellent, but I also really like the peanut curries.  The portions are generous, and the price is amenable.  While the food is good, it doesn't blow me away, the curry flavor could be more pronounced, the vegetables can get a little overcooked, and the dish ingredients can get a bit muddled.  Overall, the one on Willy street is better tasting and more consistent, but for a convenient, tasty sit-down lunch, little is left to be desired here.
Weeeeeeeell that might be it for me at LLXAtwood. 
Just one too many things soured my dining experience today...
...not certain I can go back. 

I walked in (admittedly towards the end of the lunch rush) and was astonished that nearly every table was covered with dirty dishes. Now I've worked in restaurants, I understand when you're hit hard it can be challenging to keep up with tables that need to be bused. I've also eaten in a lot of restaurants, which makes me qualified to say things like tables covered with dirty dishes don't scream "welcome, sit yourself down, you're in for a treat!" The waitress gave me a warm welcome, encouraged me to sit anywhere I wanted, but given my choices (a clean table or a dirty one) there were two... two tables in the entire restaurant to choose from. 

Things got worse from there. 

My egg roll was undercooked, cold on the inside and doughy. Why doughy? No clue. But doughy. 

The wontons in the wonton soup were melt in your mouth, and not in a good way. Melt in your mouth because the dumplings were overcooked. No bite. No chew. 

And while their version of Pad Thai was tasty, at 3 stars, which ought to be moderate was so spicy I had to ask for several additional napkins. Waitress must have thought I said several more spices, because she brought two over. Ironic. Unfortunate.

Also unfortunate is the fact that this place is so drastically different than LLXWilly. It's bigger and the hours are better, but neither are enough to make me want to give them another go after today.
Love the Pho and curried squash.  Multiple spice levels available.  Native Lao level is really strong, just like I like it!  My wife can't handle any spiciness and when she says level zero, they honor it and she likes eating here.  Nice place in a fun neighborhood.
One of my favorite restaurants in Madison. The first thing I ever got here was the mango curry and honestly, I haven't been able to bring myself to try much else. This dish is amazing every time. The crab rangoons are among the best in town as well.

Service is spotty, sometimes amazing, sometimes just okay. Delivery is great but I always forget to ask for extra rice... too much curry for the amount of rice that they include.
After sitting in the car for nearly 10 hours, I didn't really feel much like cooking at home. I took a stroll over to the Harmony, only to discover it was closed until next week... Thanks to Ashley H's super sleuthing skills, I learned the Harmony is undergoing an ownership change, hence the temporary closing. That girl is like a Bloodhound when it comes to getting the scoop on Madison haps.

Anywho... I walked down to Lao Laan Xang, which was open, and not terribly busy. I snagged a seat at the bar and browsed the menu. I was tempted by the curries, but ultimately chose the #13 - Khua Mee, with tofu, at the "adventurous" level (#3 spice). I also ordered a Bells Oberon, which I enjoyed while conversing with a friendly guy who was placing a to-go order.

The dish arrived, and it was massive. Don't get me wrong - I'll happily eat myself sick, but this was a hearty portion of food. The Khua Mee is basically the Laotian version of Pad Thai. It was also about 2x larger than any order of Pad Thai I've ever encountered.

It was served piping hot; the noodles were a bit on the soggy side, but everything else was absolutely perfect. The dish wasn't swimming in sauce, the veggies were crisp, the tofu was firm with just a little bit of spongey give, and the spice level was excellent - a nice heat on the finish, with just a little bit of burn on the lips. 

I did my best to gorge myself on the entire dish, but I waived the white flag about half-way through. A to-go box was provided; I paid my tab, and waddled out.

Service was decent; a little slow, but I wasn't in any hurry, so it didn't much matter. The food was quite tasty, and the beer selection was decent and reasonably priced. 

I know this place can be hit-or-miss... I'm guessing it was a hit (albeit not a home run, but a solid double/maybe a triple) tonight.
YUM YUM YUM and great prices. I would definitely recommend the mango pineapple curry.
Great food! Service is just a bit slow, but well worth it, the food rocks! The Mango Curry is great as well as the Spring Rolls. *Adventurous is the recommended spicy for those who like it hot but not overpowered.
Ok, ok. I've been there twice this month, both solid experiences, and so it only makes sense to bump these folks up a star. I guess a lot of it depends on the server and mine the past two times was awesome. Solid recommendations for new dishes, prompt service... The unfortunate experiences I had previously were mostly during lunch, so maybe evening is the time to go.
I've had a really mixed experience with Lao Laan Xang. 

First, they took over my favorite place of all time: Savory Times (holla!) 
But then I was seduced by the crab rangoon and shrimp toasties. It was incredible. They were puffy.
My optimism was dashed when they refused to put me on the list, only to seat another couple who had just come in.
We went into a deep spiral when I waited more than twenty minutes for the waiter to take my order. And still deeper when the waiter used my table to hold dishes he was giving to someone else. ???? That's bad....

Every time, I go back for the great curries and those rangoons, but most of the time I regret it.

I'm not really a fan of turbulent relationships, so I'll have to put this place off to the side. Sorry Lao Lan Xang, your service really has to kick it up.
I am honestly baffled as to what makes this place Laotian.  The menu seems pretty solidly Americanized Thai, and the flavors follow suit.  Maybe the cook or the owner is Lao?  Or maybe they just Americanize the menu for the lunch specials, and lunch is when I went.

Their spice guide is listed from 1-4: timid-Native Lao.  I ordered 3 for my catfish/Thai eggplant curry.  It was nothing.  A hint of heat, perhaps.  Order your food at a 4 if you're used to timidly and apprehensively ordering medium in authentic Thai restaurants.

Look, the food was not bad by any means.  The fish was tender and boneless, the Thai eggplants were cooked to a soft, skin-peeling pulp, and the potatoes still had a bite to them.  The bamboo shoots were, surprisingly, the most flavorful part of the curry, retaining that sour tang that most lose when they're put in a can.

It's just that it was all pretty unmemorable, mostly due to the curry - a nondescript coconutty slurry.  And the cucumber salad that came with it literally tasted like plain cucumbers.  I was satisfied when I walked out: my stomach was full of healthy, nutritious food.  I just wished it had been shaken up a little, too.
I've driven past this restaurant a million times and tonight I finally stepped foot into it. I'm really glad that I did.

Greeted and sat right away seeing as we came after the dinner rush, we started our night with their crab rangoons, our favorite appetizer, which were very generous in size compared to most I've had before, stuffed with filling. My partner then ordered the Honey Cashew Chicken, and I the Pineapple Curry with chicken. Both were very satisfying to the taste buds, and portioned appropriately. The Pineapple Curry was sweet and savory; lots of flavor, nice and warm. Somewhat addicting, I boxed up what I thought would be lunch tomorrow, but finished it as soon as I arrived home. It was that good. My partner enjoyed his plate as well, and so did I from the bites I snagged from him.
Probably one the better Asian restaurants I have been to . The waitress was very accommodating and got all of our customized orders correct, the food was absolutely delicious light and fresh. waitress got my dish exactly as I wanted it with no complaints. No regrets or stomach indigestion after ,  fair prices too. 100% satisfied.
Hello hello Yelp, it's been a while! and I miss you!
Okay, this morning is for Lao Laan Xang on Atwood. 
That was actually my second time coming to this restaurant. Having a good experience, we decided to come back. This time was only for the dessert. Hesitantly, we asked our server if it was okay to order only appetizer and dessert, because we were not in the mood to have some main dishes. She didn't mind at all and treated us very well. She was fabulous! 
So, we decided to have a quite handful of appetizers and desserts: Fresh spring roll with shrimp, grilled chicken satay (Their chicken satay is served without any toast, which I really appreciate! It's just weird to have some satay with some toast together),and mango sticky rice. 
All are excellent! The food is great! the server is fabulous!
Come here if you need a quick fix of some Lao food. This place is less crowded compared to other Thai restaurants, but don't get it wrong: they serve good food too!
I always get the squash curry because I love squash and it's not easy to find at restaurants. This has consistently been my favorite Asian restaurant in Madison all the years we have lived here.

We hosted a Thai exchange student a few years ago and took her to all the Thai, Laotian and any other southeast Asian restaurants that were in Madison during the 10 months she was here. This was by far her favorite restaurant as well. She really missed the traditional spicy salad she would eat in Thailand and really liked their version of this dish.

Their crab rangoon is THE BEST you will eat anywhere. Hands down. Yes, I know that rangs did not originate in Asia (I've heard they were originally introduced at the St. Louis World's Fair), but I love Lao's version of them.
My girlfriend and I tried this place based upon the reviews of a coworker.  It was quite good. If you are in the mood for Asian cuisine, I would definitely recommend it.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. 

I want to tell a cautionary tale for those of you that might want to venture outside of their great curries and soup.

Crab rangoon (delicious and huge), vegetable spring roll (well balanced flavor, served with peanut sauce), and tofu kang gai soup (my favorite tom kha-esque soup in the city), mock duck red curry, and thai iced tea were all on point, per usual.

I decided to venture out from my usual pineapple (or sometimes squash) curry and order Khua Sa Eiu (my server said it is basically pad see ew with more vegetables). 

I love the thick rice noodles that are traditionally served with pad see ew, as well as the thick dark soy sauce, egg, and dense flavors imparted to the dish from the wok. The dish I received failed to fulfill my hopes. It was overly salty (and not in a delicious way), the noodles were thin and limp, and it tasted more like scrambled eggs with soy sauce than pad see ew. However, the vegetables on the dish were crisp and fresh. I ended up taking the dish home and saving it with some hoisin for the lunch the next day. 

Lesson learned. If you want pad see ew, Ha Long Bay is where it's at in Madison, for great curries, soup, thai tea, and interesting spring rolls--go to Lao.

Service here is always great and very prompt. Patio in the summertime, and we always choose this location over Willy street because it is more spacious (and you can sit outside!)
Pretty yummy! I just went here for lunch and thought the pricing was the best feature. $6.95 for all entrees, which includes a bowl of spicy chicken soup (not sure of name). I ordered the Panang with pork and loved it. It had great flavor and the serving size was appropriate for lunch. Don't let the restaurant's outside appearance scare you - the inside is not too bad. The servers were very nice and efficient. I'll be back, guaranteed, because they serve quickly and it works for my lunch hour.
I love it here! Real Thai Food, real Thai chef! They made me feel right at home. I will be coming here often.
Authentic Laos and Thai flavors that phoenix needs more of. The Tom yum gai makes you close your eyes in appreciation, the papaya salad is fantastic, and the larb gai is earthy and refreshing.
My mom and I have always loved Thai food. When Pink Pepper closed (in the west valley) we were devastated and have been trying to find a good replacement since. We found it here! It is kind of hard to find, and when you do find it, it looks a bit grungy on the outside. Once you enter though, the owner, Siri is waiting with a smile and a hello, and the interior is clean. They have a wide selection of food on the menu. My mom and I went for the lunch. We both got the Chicken Pad Thai and split an order of Beef Panang. We got the Pad Thai at a spice level of "3 stars," and even though we like our food hot and our sinuses clear, it was almost too hot. I would suggest getting one or two stars, even if you are daring. The prices were very reasonable, at $6.95 a plate...well worth it with reasonable portions. It also comes with delicious soup and egg rolls. I would definitely suggest this place to anyone who loves Thai food!
Been twice and really enjoyed both visits.  The drunken noodles are tasty and flavorful without being overly spicy.
This restaurant occupies the building that used to house China Chan. While it retains the low brow external appearance of the building's former incarnation, its clean and warmly appointed interior, with white and brown linens and saffron window shades, is a refreshing change from the former establishment. Contemporary Thai music is softly piped in and while there is a TV screen in the corner, its volume is set to low. For lunch today I tried the Drunken Noodles with Chicken, with a heat level of 2, which is medium; heat levels go up to 5, which is Thai hot. The quantity of food for the lunch special may not match those of other Asian dining places but the quality is definitely superior and the density of the noodles made the dish more filling than I expected. It came with the soup special of the day, which was a delightfully aromatic and very tasty bamboo shoot - lemongrass soup. Service was very friendly and efficient. I look forward to future meals here, as there is a respectable variety of dishes in the menu and the prices are good. This establishment nicely fills a niche for Thai food that has long been vacant for this part of the city.
The food was authentic and divine. Normally "to go" orders are slopped into a the styrofoam container...Not this place.It was artfully and carefully packaged.  The staff was friendly and helpful, it was also exceptionally clean inside. I will be eating there again....many times!
I love this place for several reasons. First, it's easily accessible, right off 28th dr. & metro pkwy. behind the Barnes & Noble. The owner, Siri, will most likely greet you at the door with a warm smile and  an unassuming, non-pretentious nature. The restaurant is very clean, nicely decorated and well lit (I like being able to actually see my food!) .
On to the food! The menu is diverse, with fresh appetizers, salads, soups, curries, fish plates (the Penang catfish is a house specialty), specialty plates and fried rice dishes. The first time, I got a steaming plate of drunken noodles. It was wonderfully prepared and I could tell the ingredients were all very, very fresh. In their heat scale of 1-5 stars, I take an 8, which is perfect for experienced Thai food eaters. Then again, I take my food REALLY hot normally :)

Tonight I had the crispy noodles in a garlicky beef sauce with fresh veg, and my wife had the Penang duck curry. Do not miss the duck curry! It was spicy ( level 8), while maintaining its flavor and freshness. The duck was big chunks of BBQ bird, not diced little pieces like I've had at other places. I took the noodles without any extra heat and I'm glad I did! Crunchy, delicate, flavorful, it's a great dish for a hesitant Thai food eater.

In summary, please go support this friendly little gem of a neighborhood place, because I count on Siri to keep me fed when the wife is out of town! Also, wifey and I are both participating in her Spicy Curry eating contest tomorrow (heat level 11!), so come cheer us on!
Decided to try this restaurant based on the reviews.  We had the curry pubs & dumplings.  Both were fresh, light & tasty. For the main we had shrimp w/ pepper & garlic,red curry chicken, pad sabaidee chicken & grilled salmon.  

Shrimp dish surprisingly came w/ the shrimp lightly battered, but in natural form (heads on, legs on, shells on).  Maybe this is the Thai method.  We were a bit disappointed as no one in the group eats shrimp that are not fully prepared.   The server noticed how we had to mawl the shrimp in order to prepare it to be able to eat, so they did not charge us for it.  That was very customer-oriented and appreciated.  They provided a substitute dish (chk fired rice) requested by my son.   The rest of the dishes ordered were very good.  Fresh and warm, seasoned just right to order.   The service was attentive and friendly.  We will come again!
Pad Thai was very mediocre. The veggie spring rolls were good but I cant complain for the price.
Looked at yelp and wanted to try it today but it is closed, forever apparently.
This place is out of business.