I'm a big fan of family owned restaurants, especially ethnic, so you can only imagine my excitement when I found a Peruvian restaurant here in the desert.  Sad to say, this is one restaurant I will not be returning to.

The food was bland and lacked flavor.  It almost like they ran out of "ALL SPICES" right before we ordered (yes including salt and pepper).  To start of we ordered an appetizer, the Papa a la Huancaina, sliced boiled potato served at room temperature covered with a cold, bland, bright boldish yellowish colored hollandaise/mayonnaise sauce. Let's just say it was a start to a bad meal.

For the main course we ordered the Lomo Saltado, generous chunks of beef sauted with onions, tomatoes, and potatoes which sad-to-say was probably the best dish we had.  The dish was uninspiring, something you could find at a sit-down chain restaurant.   Nothing about the dish screamed Central American flavors.

We also had the Jalea, a combination of breaded octopus, shrimp, and chunks of fish fillet topped with a Peruvian Salsa (a.k.a. your standard chunky and fresh pico de gallo, (tomatoes, onions, cilantro, and lime juice)). I have never in my life had something that was breaded and deep-fried so soggy in my life!!!  The breading was heavy and disgusting.  It also came with the worst plantains I've ever had.  Dry, overcooked, and extremely chewy.  Put it this way, I've had better plantains at Bahama Breeze then this place (yes I said Bahama Breeze).

I am not trying to pick on this place.  I swear!!!  But when the owner's brother helps you order and tells you what they are known for and what they make best and they miss horribly?  Well, needless to say I can only imagine what there non-staple dishes taste like.

Not to beat up on these nice folks too much.  They place was cute.  The place was painted in a vibrant yellowish/brownish mustard type color, which gave the place a warm and bright feel.  On one wall was a mural of what was to resemble a village in Peru.  The other wall was a collection of trinkets from the native land and of course the flag of Peru.  The servers were extremely nice.  Beware, when you order water, they bring out bottled (and charge you), so if you want tap you need to ask and depending on your Spanish or their lack of English, that may be a challenge.
 
I hate to say this because the place was quaint and the help was friendly, but if you have a craving for Central American and/or Peruvian food, don't waste your money or time here. I'm just going to wait till the next time I'm back east in NY or DC/Northern VA to get real and tasty Peruvian food and I would suggest you do the same.
Had the $8.95 lunch buffet, which had a nice array of Peruvian dishes. I stuck with the soup, (white bean with ham that day,) chicken which was stewed in a sauce, rice and beans and the rice with seafood. I also ordered a side of Platinos fritos (delicious sweet plantains!) Rather than having people serve themselves form the buffet, the food is behind a glass and someone serves you whatever you want.  The food was tasty and the waitress was great. They also have a full menu of various dishes that I would go back to try. Most items on the menu are $9 and up.
Pales in comparison to the Peruvian food I ate in Port Chester, NY, but unfortunately, it's all we have in AZ.  The food is not bad, but it leaves something to be desired.  

I've been here twice, and I don't remember what the dish I had the first time was called, but it was steak, a fried egg, rice, plaintains, and french fries.  It was filling, delicious, and the steak and egg were cooked perfectly (juicy and runny, respectively).  The second time, I had the Jalea, which I was not particularly impressed with.

The corn juice beverage is also very good and unique.  

If you go, be prepared to spend an hour and a half there.  It sometimes takes awhile to cook the food, and they don't exactly operate at lightning speed.  They're pretty laid back, which, I think, can be a good thing.

Their flan is also very good.  They sold me an entire pie for a very reasonable price of $18.

Note: Closed Mondays.
I remembered the blue corn drink and the fried corn kernels. I vowed to go back the first time because of the two items mention above and finally made it back years later today. 

I wanted ceviche, so of course I consulted yelp. Then decided to stick with my original plan to revisited Rincon after driving by it the other day. 

So I ordered the mixed ceviche, fried plantains, the corn drink and flan. Yes alot of food. But wait this $18 to go order could stretch into 3 meals, that is if the ceviche wasn't so good. I ate my first serving while fixing my plate before I sat down to eat. I warmed corn tortillas to go with, what a waste of time. The ceviche comes with a big kernel very starchy corn, yam and potato all of which are simply cooked and were served at room temperature. I really didn't need the tortillas or the plantains...   BUT I love fried plantains and these were good!  The sugar from the fruit carmalized, sticky and tasty.  Are plantains fruit?  

OK,  I'm already planning my next visit to Rincon's and to my frig  for round two.       

So I already answered the ultimate question.  Would I go back?  Yes tomorrow.   Well more likely next week.  Peace
We loved this place!  My daughter and I came here twice last trip and had great food and service both times.  I'm from San Diego and usually figure why order seafood from places that aren't even near the ocean?  But the Seafood Brochette was just wonderful.  I had the Blue Corn Drink the second time I came here and it was very sweet but good.  Unique.

Unfortunately when I finally got here this trip I found it to be closed and totally empty.  I was very disappointed.  I had beeen looking forward to coming back here.
We moved here from San Francisco a few months ago and were sad once we realized there were no Peruvian restaurants whatsoever (it's one of our all time favorite cuisines) in Madison until we read the Isthmus last week.  We were jumping up and down for joy when we read about Inka Heritage!

We've been absolutely spoiled being able to eat at a number of Peruvian restaurants in San Francisco from Fresca, Destino, Limon, Mi Lindo Peru but Inka definitely takes the cake!

The restaurant is located on S. Park St.  The building looks like it may have been an old diner at one point - I think it's because of the Inka Heritage "Pepsi" sign on the building.  However, the interior of the restaurant looks nothing like a diner.  It has the look and feel of a new restaurant with bright mango/orange colored walls, a few paintings and Incan art.

APPETIZER
Ceviche - sea bass cut into small chunks marinated in lemon/lime juice and chilies and toped with slivered red onions.  It also came with a thick slice of yam or sweet potato and some hominy (really big corn kernels).  They asked if we wanted hot or mild and we said HOT!  It was incredibly delicious!

DINNER
Lomito Saltado - tender pieces of steak strips sauted with onions, tomatoes, french fries, soy/peruvian sauce and served with rice.  This is a dish we get all the time and it was the best here (although, it could have used a bit more sauce).

Pescado a lo Macho - fillet of sea bass lightly battered and fried (but very lightly) served with a white wine sauce along with more seafood - calamari, shrimp, mussels and a piece of king crab.  The taste of this dish was amazing!  The fish was cooked perfectly and flaked off nicely.  I didn't even need to eat the rice it comes with because there was enough seafood to fill me up.

DESSERT
Alfajores - delicious tender and thin shortbread sandwich cookies filled with dulce de leche (caramel condensed milk) covered with lots of powdered sugar and served with a few drizzles of chocolate sauce and fresh whip cream around the plate.  OMG!  I couldn't stop thinking about this dessert for the rest of the weekend!

WE ARE DEFINITELY GOING BACK!  AND YOU SHOULD TOO!  KEEP THIS PLACE IN BUSINESS IT'S A GEM!

Also, the prices here are very reasonable.  Dinner for two (all of the above including a glass of wine each) was under $50 (before tip)! :)
When my well traveled cousin came to visit in Madison before departing for the Peace Corps (2 years in rural Guatemala) I scrambled to find a dining experience ethnic enough for her tastes.   I actually heard a lot about this place and since I didn't know what Peruvian was, I took that to mean it would more than suffice.  I used to dine at this location quite frequently as a freshman when it was a hole in the wall Chinese restaurant, so I was amazed at how the interior was turned around.  We had dinner here and the candle light bounced warmly off the yummy mango colored walls.  We were led to a cozy corner of the restaurant and was greeted by an attentive server.  Not sure what to order, we asked his opinion and discovered his thorough knowledge of the menu.  I ended up ordering the lamb while my cousin opted for the seafood dish and a chicken cheese dish.  

We ate how we were raised--sharing en trees--and I found each plate to be delectable.  The lamb was so succulent, each bite so rich and hearty my mouth watered for more.  The seafood dish (which was recommended) was done to perfection--shrimp plump and juicy, King Crab legs already cut.  My favorite was the chicken dish which had an interesting cheese crumb outside layer.  The sides made out from corn were rich in flavor.  

Overall this was quite an interesting dining experience.  I've been having pangs for the chicken and surprisingly the lamb ever since.  Though I'm not familiar with Peruvian cuisine, my taste buds tell me this is as true as it gets!
One of my favorite new restaurants in Madison. A varied (warning to vegans: carnivore heavy!) menu with pleasant service and simple food that's clearly been made with care.

I've never been to South America so I can't make any claims on authenticity but we had a great meal that was something different from the standard ethnic fare.
This place is simply awesome.  The civiche is incredible!  The only civiche I have had that compares was prepared by a local Panamanian woman on Boca Brava in Panama, but I digress.

All the other reviews go into great detail about this place and are very accurate.

I would also like to mention the service is fantastic.
I went to Inka Heritage for lunch, and it was excellent.  Upon sitting down, the waitress brought the white-board sign on a stand from the front of the restaurant and plopped it down in front of us.  She was friendly, but I guess she thought it would be easier for us to read the specials instead of having her explain them!

Among one of the lunch specials, we tried a soup, which was great.. chicken, cilantro, peas, corn, carrot, and other yummy stuff!  (I can't remember what else was in it).

We also had the Lomo Saltado which was pieces of very tender beef with tomatoes onions, rice, and french fries with an awesome sauce.  Very tasty!

In addition, we shared a "Choritos a la chalaca", five muscles served with a cilantro-lime tomato salsa in the shell.  MMMMM!!!

Overall, the interior was nice, and the waitress was attentive and happy.  It was a very cold and snowy day (Here on vacation from California) so I didn't get the best overall picture. Sorry!
So finally we went to Inka....I can't tell you how long I have wanted to go there!
We had heard only good things about the place. There's only 1 thing that kept us away for so long and why I probably will not return soon. That's also the reason I will take off a star: LOCATION. S. Park is not my first choice for fine dining or any kind of dining, unless I am in the area and really hungry! Call me snobbish, but I live on the near-west side of Madison and only like to go downtown or west for my culinary escapades. Having said that, we made the exception for Inka and did not come away unhappy - that says a lot about the restaurant!

On the inside, the restaurant is pretty cozy and lively with mango-colored walls and some South American art. We happened to go at a time when they were hosting a party of 10 people who were clearly from South America. That's always a good sign when you see natives, right? 

So we started with the fresh fish ceviche which was phenomenal. I can't vouch for the authenticity coz I am no Peruvian, but it was darn good. For entrees, I had the Lomo Saltado (excellent, 4.5 stars for being a little stingy with the sauce). The wife had Seco de Cordero (very tasty sauce, nice sides, 4.5 stars coz the lamb could have been a little more tender). We ended with the Mousse de Lucuma, a delectable creamy concoction using a Peruvian fruit of the same name.

All in all, a very enjoyable experience. I wouldn't place it with the stalwarts of Madison's "fine-dining", but definitely a must-go if you live/work in the area. I'd love it even more if they were in a different location....but that may be just me!
Rare for me, but i think I can get on the raving band wagon for this place.
I had a lovely Thursday night dinner with my boyfriend. We had a early dinner (around 6:30pm) so the place wasn't crowded at all. We were immediately seated and received cordial service throughout the evening. 

I had a very rich coconut + seafood broth based soup. Delicious. It's one of those dishes i never knew existed, and perhaps never can recreate in my own kitchen. Loved it. My boyfriend had a dish with lots of different seafood ...sorry, forgot the name. But I do remember that was also nice dish. 

The price of the main plates are around mid-teens. Maybe it's slightly higher than the surrounding Park st establishments, but i thought it's worth it. I would repeat here again :)
On my blurry weekend in Madison for a wedding, my friend recommended we try this Peruvian place.  Situated on the outskirts of campus, i was excited to sample the seafood fare, as Peruvians always do seafood right.

The inside is cozy and the service is quite friendly and quick.  I sampled the fish that the others ordered and it was very tasty.  Ceviche, also good.  My dish was pretty much a deep-fried trip around Peru.  Fried mussels, fish, shrimp, scallops, clams, and other critters that walk the ocean floor that i can't remember.  It was super heavy, super delicious, and frankly i might have had temporary vision loss.  It was quite the meal.

Also, the food is pretty cheap.  My entree cost a whole $12 dollars.  It pretty much allowed me to drop a bunch of cash on State St.  College bars rule.
Very authentic food and service.
Good food and a unique flavor in Madison. I've enjoyed all of my visits here and I hope to come back. I only wish they had more ways to get plantains! The flan was tasty for dessert. Hope to have the opportunity to expand this in the future.
My previously undiscovered love for Peruvian cuisine took flight with the first bite of my lomo saltado. arg. Soooooo much love. Want. More. Now.
Yum!  

The food here is super flavorful.  I ordered the Arroz con Pollo and the boyfriend had the Aji de Pollo, and we split a tilapia ceviche.  

For the ceviche we had a choice of fish or seafood.  The fish ceviche was tilapia and the seafood included fish, shrimp, mussels, and squid.  The other seafood didn't excite me as much (if octopus was part of the seafood ceviche, then I would've gone for it), so we ordered the fish.  The waiter asked if we wanted it spicy which we did.  It came out very flavorful and well saturated in citrusy goodness.  I liked it but I would've liked a bit less lime.  I didn't feel like I got to taste much else but a spicy lime sauce.  The yams or pumpkin or whatever that came with it was soft and deliciously sweet and served as a great contrast to the ceviche, but I would've liked more of it.  

My dish wasn't quite what I had expected.  I tend to think of arroz on pollo as a more chicken and rice cooked together kind of dish, but what do I know?  This was rice served with a grilled chicken, but it was a delicious green rice and grilled chicken.  The chicken was very tender and well cooked.  The rice was well flavored and the two complemented each other very well.  The presentation was also very exciting.  The dish also came with a green cilantro sauce that I poured over my rice.  It totally changed the flavor of the dish and definitely made for an exciting dining experience.   

I found it reasonably priced.  For two entrees and an appetizer with tip, it came out to be 45 dollars.  The service was rather slow though.  They seem to be staffed with two waiters no matter how busy the restaurant is.  I've been there in the past when it was slow and the service was great.  When the restaurant was full, we had to remind the waiter to take our entree order and stood at the front of the restaurant for a while waiting to be greeted.  

It's not in the best location in the world, but it's worth the trek.
Went with a friend during Mother's Day weekend. I ordered the Pescado A Lo Macho and mousse for dessert. It was fantastic. I've never had Peruvian before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. But it was delicious. Also, my friend ordered the flan for dessert, and it was amazing. Very smooth, not too sweet.

Service: Very nice. I'm terrible with decision making, but my waiter was good with recommendations and giving me enough time to make up my mind.
Environment: Spacious restaurant, though it was mostly empty when I went. It looks much nicer on the inside than the outside.
The food is very tasty and unique.  I don't know how authentic the cuisine is but it is nice to get outside the Mexican/Chinese/Burger routine.  Plus you get to listen to Michael Jackson on pan flute in the background.
Inka Heritage is about as good as it gets in international cuisine in Madison, the place to take out-of-friends to demonstrate to them (and ourselves) Madison's cosmopolitan charms.

Inka Heritage serves Peruvian food that is rich, hearty, unique and delicious.  It's very hard to go wrong.  My suggestions:

Drinks: Chicamorada ("purple drink") is a sweet, cool refreshment made from purple corn, and flavored with cinammon.  Tonight, we discovered pisco sour, a margarita-like cocktail - amazing!

Appetizers:  The classic dish is jalea, an assortment of deep fried seafood, served with a cilantro sauce.  The ceviche is pretty good, too.  Our daughters (and we) love yuccas a la huancaina - essentially, french fries made from yuccas and served with a rich white cheese sauce.

Entrees:  You must get paracas: filet of fish topped with shrimp, crab, cheese and white sauce, served on a bed of rice - absolutely incredible.  Be careful - it's a very filling dish.  

The deceptively titled arroz con pollo sounds pedestrian, but this roasted chicken served on cilantro rice is wonderful.

One of my routine complaints about Madison restaurants is the "you're lucky I'm just barely interested enough to acknowledge your existence" service that is common in the just above-average places (I'm looking at you, La Brioche).  But this is simply not the case here, where the servers are friendly and responsive.

Also: ditch your kids and make it a date night.
ahhhh i love getting to pick the restaurant!!! no Out-back or Chili's when I pick, i think my team secretly likes that i am foodie who hates chain restaurants....(although they never admit it!!)
I chose peruvian, i love peruvian and inka heritage did not disappoint.
its off the beaten path in Madison (behind the capital) - 
we went on a Tuesday night, needless to we were seated immediately (there were only 2 other parties). 
the hostess was also the only server & she made all the drinks, so this made for a slow eating experience esp when more people arrived...
I could not decide what to order (typical!) so i ordered a couple appetizers for a meal - the tamal...AMAZING!!! my fave - full of spices and even a hard-boiled egg, the yucca....a classic that I love!!, and an avocado filled with chx salad (the reina - i think)... typical, good but def not the tamal!!
my dining companions both ordered the lamb - which was super tender and the flavor left you wanting for more!
we also ordered wine and some cocktails...
overall very very delicious and a cute little gem in madison!
This restaurant serves the best fish as far as I am concern. The Pescado Inka Heritage (thanks to Art W review) dish is simply superb. There are so many ingredients on one dish yet it is not heavy. The whole combination is light and fluffy. 

Went back another night to try Pescado a lo macho and Arroz Con Mariscos. I like the Pescado more than the other but they are both very good as well.

As for their appetizer, we tried both the ceviche and causa. The ceviche falls short of expectation as I like a more limey and refreshing taste. The one in Inka is only so-so. This is my first time trying causa and I think it is just ok. Would rather save the tummy space for entree. 


To end the dinner, we tried the Leche and forgot the other dish. Both are not v memorable as you can see I can't even remember the name. 

A must place for entree in Madison. Totally above my expecatation
I don't want to know how they got fish that fresh this far inland, seems unnatural but I don't care. The ceviche was amazing and perfectly spiced. The side salad was ok but nothing to get super excited about. I wish I  had ventured further on the menu, however I was dining solo and didn't want to gorge myself.
Whenever I visit Madison, I know I will always find good places to eat.  Inka Heritage is simply outstanding.  The menu is fairly simple and easy to navigate, and the weight-staff is happy to point out their favorites (which were far from the most expensive options).  

Naturally, I ordered some Peruvian ceviche (marino), and it was one of the best ones I've had in a long time.  Everything was fresh, well seasoned, and not over-marinated (as often happens with acidic dishes).  I followed that with Escabeche De Pescad, which was delicious, light and flavorful.  

Another fantastic find in Madison.
Very unique food and a great place to try something new. While the location is not great, the food truly is. My wife and I went here recently on a whim, and it ended up being one of the best meals I've had so far in Madison.

We ordered the ceviche marino appetizer, which was easily one of the best I've had. We opted for the spicy version, and it was a great choice as the heat from the jalapeno added a nice kick to the awesome citrus flavors. Next we had the arroz con mariscos (peruvian paella) and lomo a la huancaina (tenderloin steak w/peruvian sauce) and both were incredibly delicious. The paella was perfectly cooked and the steak was extremely tender, perfectly cooked, and crazy good with the huancaina sauce. To finish, we ordered one of the house made desserts (can't remember the name) that reminded me of a light mousse with a butterscotch like flavor.

The final bill with wine was surprisingly inexepensive for the quality of food. The service was friendly and attentive, nothing fancy, but gets the job done. My only complaint would be the bread and the seating near the windows. If you go when it's cold, ask for a seat that is not right next to the windows. We could feel the cold coming in from outside, which was unfortunate. So the 5 star rating is primarily based on the quality of the food. Others might find the overall experience to be more in the 4 star range, but then again, I didn't come here expecting Le Etoile.
Delicious! Awesome food. I got ceviche de camarones. It was delicious, spicy, everything you want from ceviche. Everyone I went with loved what they got.
The best part is that it's authentic food.  The bright colors give it that latin american feel.

The food was good, we waited for a bit, but it's a place to go out and relaxed.  The food was a bit overpriced for what we got... that's about it!
This review is ONLY FOR THEIR PISCO SOUR .. nothing else ..this drink was PERFECTLY made oooooohhh how I love me a pisco sour .. it wasnt to sour nor to sweet .. it had the perfect amount of froth .... YUMMMMMM
I studied abroad in South America and have been to Peru twice. When someone told me there was a Peruvian restaurant in Madison I met this news with cynicism. I never had a good Peruvian meal when I was in Peru, why would I have one here in Madison?

Then I ate there. I was wrong. Very wrong.

I have eaten at this restaurant three times now, ordered something different every time, and never had a bad experience. The restaurant itself has a classy air, like you're going someplace really special. The food is presented in an artful, expensive way. The food looks and the restaurant feels like it should cost more, but it doesn't. And then you taste it....Unique. Amazing. 

My favorite is the garlic chicken. The smooth texture is memorable. The garlic is appropriate and not overwhelming, and mixes perfectly with the subtly spiced rice. 

The pisco sours are also great, a little sweeter than in Peru, but deliciously topped with nutmeg. If the deserts were not so pleasing the Picso would suit just fine.
the staff was very friendly and the food was surprisingly pretty good!
we got the cooked bass and a paella... would definitely take people there to eat.

there is this special juice there... I thought it was really good... like sangria minus the alcohol.
I wanted to like Inka Heritage. I really did. I had heard tons of good things about the place and was so excited to finally hop a bus to South Park so I could go try it. I left Inka so upset, so dissatisfied that I couldn't even calm down enough to write this review for a long while. In short, I undoubtedly received the worst service that I have ever had in my entire life. I never really knew how important the organizational aspects of a restaurant could be until I learned what it was like to dine at a place that was completely and utterly devoid of it. McDonald's offers a more personable dining experience than this.

My whole visit to Inka Heritage was miserable from the minute I walked in the door. Upon doing so, I watched from across an empty hostess' podium as at least 5 different people darted in and out of the kitchen. Not one couldn't be bothered to take a minute to seat any of the 10 people waiting awkwardly by the door for any of the 10+ open seats. Once I finally was acknowledged about 15 minutes later, the waiter proceeded to argue with me, telling me that my name wasn't on the list and that the reservation I had made was no good. 

After being seated and ignored for another 20 minutes, the same waiter came out to quickly get our drink and food orders with as little formality as possible. I started to envy the 3+ parties that had walked out due to the restaurant's negligence. 

Turns out that at 1:00 on a Wednesday, they had already run out of the main ingredients for four of the nine dishes on their restaurant week menu. I attempted to order an Inka Cola and found out they were out of that too. I ordered a Chica Morada in its place, a sweet corn-based drink which was actually really good; it tasted like a fruity horchata. Unfortunately, it ended up being the only truly good thing I had here.

My disastrous first course was supposed to be fried yuccas with a savory yellow sauce and half a boiled egg. But the yuccas had been replaced with cold, unseasoned, boiled potato slices. The sauce and egg had no hope of making up for the nastiness of the potato, which overwhelmed the dish. I felt like I was eating at the cafeteria in a retirement home. The yuccas were supposed to be the star ingredient of that dish, and the chefs did absolutely nothing to compensate for the fact that they were missing. It was so bad, they should have been too ashamed to even consider serving it. 

Of the three possible first courses, this one was godawful, the other one was "completely sold out," and the last was a salad that was lacking in any flavor. It did have an interesting twist via the large, hard pieces of Peruvian corn that it contained.

My second course was decent, but tasted like something I could easily make at home. The beef stew was well-cooked, as was the cube of rice that came with it. Sitting next to them was another pile of those flavorless, disgusting potatoes. As I ate my way through it, I couldn't help but ask myself what exactly is Peruvian about 4 cubes of beef with plain potatoes and rice. This dish was a tradition in my household as well. We called it "leftovers night."

I finally ended this painful experience with a tres leches pound cake. It apparently was trying to be sweet and savory, but ended up being moreso on the "bland lumpy mash" side. I was once again reminded of the retirement home cafeteria. 

It's a very rare occasion when I overcome the empathy and memories of living off tips that tell me that I shouldn't stiff the waiter. I rather would have told him about the horrifying quality of food and service myself, but he didn't seem interested in asking me how things were at even one point during the course of this entire disaster of a meal.
Not much to add to all the other reviews. Quality Peruvian grub. The ceviche was right on. I had the loma saltado, others had the chupe de camarones. Both were outstanding. 

If you know Peruvian cuisine you'll be happy. If not, check it out, you'll be a fan.
Quite possibly the best Peruvian food I've had, rivaling even the ones I had in Lima and other parts of Peru!

Highly recommended!

My favorites:
1. Appetizer - Ceviche - medium spice; Amazing!!
2. Drink - Chicha morada - purple corn drink (non alcoholic)
3. Entree - Aji de Gallina - pulled chicken in an almond, cream sauce with garlic and spices; served with rice and potatoes. Stellar!
4. Dessert - Mousse de lucuma - made from a fruit native to the amazon jungles of Peru

Enjoy!
I've spent time in Peru.  This is seriously the real deal. try the Lomo Saltado.
We were looking for an 'Off-the-beaten-path' experience, and could not have asked for a better experience than the Inka Hertiage! My god, the food was good! When we first walked in the restaurant, and noticed that we would be the only ones eating, we were a little nervous, and almost turned away. But, I am so happy we stayed, because we were floored by the flavor, quality, quantity of the food. Everything from the amazing Ceviche, to the delicious paella, we were thoroughly satisfied and definitely had that 'Wow, tht hit the spot' feeling. And the portions were HUGE, not used to seeing big portions for quality food. Highly recommend it, you will not be disappointed.
We've eaten here 3 times and each time had great service and food. The deep fried platter for 2 is a great deal! I love the inka dish with fish and cheese and rice, it's my favorite! The selection and unique cuisine is top notch!
I've only been here once, but I can't wait to go back.  
I had the ceviche, the beef tenderloin, and the arroz con leche and it was all so extraordinary.

The portions were humongous.  The seafood was fresh and full of zest and flavor.  

The price was very reasonable.

The venue is a bit small, but the service is friendly and outgoing, and the ambiance is very clean and relaxing.
Plates are largely portioned so my lady and I were able to pull off splitting one entree and ceviche classico.  We both had a pisco sour and I soon orderd another = delicious.

The ceviche tasted amazing, but they choose to serve the fish in large chunks instead of thinly slicing it like I have seen at many other places.  It was a lot to chew and I felt it slightly ruined the flavor ride.  Still it was some of the best I have ever had.

For the entree we ordered Aji de Gallina, which is shredded chicken in an almond cream sauce.  I didn't notice any walnuts and there was literally only one olive.  It wasn't a botija olive either, it was definitely a kalamata.  It tasted great, but could of used more texture (like walnuts and olives :)).  

Since we split an entree, the price was just about right.  I'd go back fo sho!
EXCELLENT food. The flavors are great.
Pisco sour is not authentic. Instead you get a type of caipirinha-Icee. Not worth it. Soups and ceviche clásico were both great and we also got the Pollo Nazca--perfect for low-carb people because of the huge yummy salad and big chicken breast (and smallish serving of rice). The Ají de Gallina was ok but not as spicy as it should of been and could've used a salad garnish. All else was good-I'd recommend the Cusqueña beer for something that goes with everything.
My husband and I went out for our usual Friday date nights and wanted to try a restaurant featuring Latin cuisine.  Inka Heritage specializes in traditional Peruvian dishes.

Though given large seafood portions (including a piece of lobster, calamari, shrimp and fish) cooked in the acid of lime juice, we weren't too fond of the ceviche appetizer.

We were very pleased with our main dishes, the Lomo Inka Heritage and the Tacu Tacu Con Lomo Saltado.  Their chef definitely knows how to prepare a wonderfully seasoned and flavorful tenderloin.

We topped of the evening with an amazing Tres Leches cake which comes highly recommended to those of you with a sweet tooth.  For something new, try their traditional Peruvian non-alcoholic drink with a complex mixture of juices.
My husband and I have lived pretty close to Inka Heritage for a few years, and just never stopped in, so the other night when we were trying to think of a place to go before going to the symphony we decided to try it.  

His mom was joining us for dinner, and the three of us split the ceviche classico, which we loved.  Tasty fish, delicious marinade, and the Peruvian corn and sweet potato accompaniments were yummy--a nice, light appetizer for 3, would've been nice for 2 as well.  

We were very disappointed, however, when our entrees didn't arrive for another 45 minutes.  While the staff attentively refilled our water glasses, our server never checked in to comment on the delay, and we were close to missing the beginning of the symphony performance because of the long wait.  When our food did arrive, it was well-cooked and generously portioned, but not particularly interesting.  My husband and mother-in-law split a platter-for-two with a variety of fried seafood items (calamari, shrimp, fish, crab) with fried yucca and two sauces.  I had the Lomo Saltado--the beef and onions were well-cooked, but the fried potatoes beneath and rice on the side were pretty boring.  After the delicious ceviche, we were a little disappointed.  

We'll probably go back and try to order more carefully (and make sure not to be on a tight schedule), but we were definitely a bit frustrated by our first experience.
Great dining ambiance, excellent service, and great spread of ethnic food (not easy to find in Madison -- 4 stars for this alone!). It's actually 4.5 stars, but I unfortunately chose the wrong dishes (Reina, which was like chicken salad over avocado, and Jalea -- essentially an assortment of fried seafood...tasty and HUGE portion but tough on the digestion). I did really love the lime dipping sauce that accompanied the Jalea, and my dining companions' dishes were all excellent, especially the tamale-type appetizer. Inka Heritage also rotates their dishes from time to time so you can expect to try new and exciting dishes the next time you go!
If Peruvians share my love for seafood, onions and cilantro, then we are a match made in heaven. Check, check and check. We have a winner at Inka. I've been to the place a good four times in my tenure here in Madison, and consistency is the name of the game. Their dishes are balanced in spice and substance, and I never seem to get enough of exacting havoc on the seafood menu. Portions are more than adequate in both appetizers and entrees for their price. You may select your protein from their delineated menu. 

My fav? Pescado A Lo Macho, no question. Two lightly battered and fried fish filets, mussels, crab, and squid simmered and served in a mildly spicy garlic and tomato sauce sever with rice. These folks ain't playin with the seafood. Tastes brilliant.  I'm also a fan of both ceviche apps and a few others. Not a bad experience yet. 

Only con if I had to give one is service speed. Each time I've visited, it's the same single, friendly server. So large parties or quick lunches are a no go. Other than that, this place is a winner if you're looking to go ethnic on the food without hitting up common staples like Thai and Chinese.
This was my first time there and was happy with the overall meal.

The waitress was very helpful and attentive.

I started with Ceviche De Pescado Inka it was tasty and not too spicy
The Cusquena beer nothing special, a weaker ale
For the entree I ordered the Tacu Tacu con Lomo Saltado, the meat and vegetables were seasoned well.  The pancake underneath was excellent, think of it like the outside of a tamale.
I also tried the drink the Pisco Sour it was great and would be even better on a hot day
After scouring restaurants in Madison on yelp.com for some place appropriate to celebrate my son's graduation from UW I decided on Inka Heritage and am I ever glad I did.  I wanted something that would be memorable for this very special occasion, something unique that would appeal to a diverse group of 12 people.  As it turned out, Inka Heritage was just what I was looking for.  

The location was great because it was just a few blocks from the campus area and away from the crowds.  The restaurant provided an intimate setting yet we were able to hold multiple conversations with a lot of laughter without feeling obnoxious yet we were also able to have more quiet period of time when we could individually make toasts/roasts for our entire table to hear.  

The service was wonderful as well.  Our waiter was attentive but not overwhelming or pushy.  It took awhile for the meal to arrive but for us it was absolutely perfect because it gave us the time we needed to really enjoy each other and have time to take in the menu to make just the right decisions.  

There was a good variety of the menu items chosen at our table from chicken dishes to seafood and beef combinations.  I had the arroz verde norteno which was prawns, pieces of crab leg, mussels, and calamari mixed in a cilantro pesto type sauce; fabulous! 

Believe me, there were no complaints from anyone in the group about anything when we left.  This will be a very memorable event for us and for all the right reasons.  I owe a lot of thanks to the folks who posted reviews and led me to Inka Heritage.
We searched Yelp for a good place in Madison to eat on the first night of our honeymoon. We chose Inka Heritage because of it's uniqueness - Peruvian food? Okay! It was the best decision ever. We wanted a place where we wouldn't look out of place in nicer clothes - the clean atmosphere and pretty place settings gave us the environment we wanted. We ordered the ceviche mixto to start and loved it. The seafood was fresh and the variety was even. The sauce was lime-y, spicy and complex. And the hominy and sweet potato on the side were great. Big yum. For the main meal, we shared the Manchupiccu and the Arroz Verde...Notendo (?). Both were amazing. The Manchupiccu was super savory and unique. The Arrozo was hearty, with a good amount of rice, and had a large portion of the seafood. Beautiful presentation on both and wonderful flavor. We got the Tres Leches for dessert - another success. Add the nicer atmosphere and our fantastic food to the attentive and friendly service we received and you get one suberb dining experience. Absolutely give this place a try!
We were recommended Inka Heritage as a great place to take our niece who recently returned from S. America after a semester abroad.  The atmosphere of this cozy restaurant was simple but very nice indeed, and the service excellent.  We had Escabeche de Pescado and Loma Saltado, both very tasty.  Why 3 stars?  The prices are simply out of range for what I would normally pay for a casual lunch for food of this quality.  We were surprised that there was no lunch menu and only one special available, and that the menu was as limited as it was.   The menu selections and prices seem to say "dinner only."  Next time we'll head back towards downtown and some of the other unique ethnic restaurants Madison has to offer.
I ordered a gift card from Inka Heritage over the phone.  They charged my credit card that day, however after about 3 weeks, i still had not received the card in the mail.  I called them several times and they had excuses about it being lost in the mail multiple times, however they never called me or tried to correct the situation.  I then told them I wanted a refund as opposed to them "trying" to send it again after 3 weeks.  They took my credit card info but I have still not gotten my money back.  I will continue to fight with them but I honestly don't think they ever tried to send the gift card or have any intention of refunding my money.  I would expect TERRIBLE service and poor customer interaction.  At least NEVER buy a gift card from these scammers.
Ceviche Classico, Limo Saltado, Tilia Malbec--Inca heaven in Madison.  All I was missing was Machu Picchu in the background.  Speaking of background....the music was Zamfir on the Pan Flute piping away covers to the kind of depressing, silly and sentimental tunes you typically only hear at Japanese restaurants in California.  ("I am a Woman in Love" by Barbara Striesand, "Hello" by Lionel Ritchie, etc.)  And they have a squeaky door to the kitchen that sounds like a crying elephant, which adds truly emotional, life-and-death mammilian notes to the restaurant score.  Gypsy Kings or some Archive and some oil on that door would completely liven up the mood, though. 

Overall, it was great (and my server was awesome, bringing out spicy, then spicier salsas so I could get my endorphin rush on).
Love love love this restaurant!!  Definitely a place I'd love to go back to!  

We tried to go to this place on a Friday night but didn't make it out of the house quick enough to get there before it closed.  It's only open until 10.  Saturday night we made it there by 9pm and thank goodness we did!

For drinks we didn't get too crazy.  Two of us Negra Modelos and one friend got Peruvian beer even though he talked about how terrible Peruvian beers are...we let it go.

For food, I ordered the lamb dish (I can't remember what it was called) but they were out of lamb so they took $4 off and made it with beef.  Still delicious though my dish was the least favorite out of the 3.  One friend got the Tacos Tacos (or something along those lines) and could not stop talking about the delicious bean pancake that it came with.  Seriously, even the next day, couldn't stop talking about it!  My other friend got the Chicken and Rice (Arroz con pollo?) which was my favorite of all three meals.  The rice was packed full of cilantro flavor and was SO SO good!!  The waiter heard us raving about how good the cilantro rice was that he brought us this cilantro sauce to use with our food too.  OMG.  I was in cilantro heaven.  I wanted to pour it over my entire meal and maybe all my meals for the rest of my life.  

For dessert I ordered the tres leches which was good but not the best tres leches I've ever had.  I actually like the one I make slightly better.  But I still ate most of it.  

The restaurant closed while we were still eating but the waiter (J.P.?) told us to take our time and that he still had a lot of cleaning up to do before he would make it to our table.  That being said, we never felt neglected.  

I would highly recommend trying this place out.  It is definitely a gem in Madison and not one I'm sure enough people know about!
Came by here again on a slow weeknight hoping for a better experience. While the food was better this time around, they were once again missing several menu items and the service was still extremely rude, slow, and inattentive. Sad to learn that these problems are systemic and were not just the result of the Restaurant Week crowds. I won't be giving them a third chance.
First and foremost, EXCELLENT SERVICE!  The staff is genuinely excited about you being there and sharing their food and drink.  Love that.  Delicious ceviche appetizer.  Also had the pisco sour cocktail, and it was great (and packs a punch!)  The arroz con mariscos was very good.  Will be back!
Made a reservation for my husband's birthday dinner called to confirm and was told no worries plenty of open tables, we were all set. Got to the restaurant and reservation did not exist and all tables were full with no one ready to leave soon. Host made no apology and said it would be 5 minutes until a table opened up...he then proceeded to hide in the kitchen and ignore us for the next 15 minutes. As none of the diners looked remotely close to finishing, we went elsewhere and will not be going back. If they had acknowledged their screw-up, apologized and been honest about our chances of getting a table I would have chalked it up to bad luck and tried again another day...instead, because they lied on several occasions and then left us standing at the door while they hid in the kitchen, they have lost a customer:-(
It was my first time been in there. The restaurant is very clean and has a good atmosphere. The waiter was super nice and he was always there for me when I needed. Food was colorful and fantastic. I usually don't have dessert, but I had to order one here. It was a piece of sponge cake with whip cream and you pore a condenced milk when it served.
Great food with great flavor, nice place to have a romantic dinner, I had the paella with was delicious but my girlfriend had the lamb which I thought I would have order that too. The waiter was very polite and always there if we needed something I would definitely go back and try some other foods on there menu.
What can I say about this place? It is truly fantastic. I have a soft spot for Peruvian cuisine and this restaurant is the best I've ever been to, hands down. I've been here so many times that I can honestly say everything in the menu is incredible. My personal favorites are the ceviche (tender seafood in a tart and fragrant citrus liquid), Escabeche de Pescado (lightly pan-fried filets of fish in a tomato-based broth with vinegary notes that will have your taste buds dancing!), Lomo Saltado (a traditional Peruvian dish that is truly exquisite and the best version I've ever had!), Chicharrones Inka (wow is all I have to say when describing this dish...perfectly broiled pork that just melts in your mouth), the tamal and papas/yucas a la Huancaina are incredible as well. I think I might have recited their whole menu as my favorite but it is that delicious and once you try it you will understand why this is one of my favorite restaurants of all time. 

I moved out of Madison a few months back but would definitely take a trip back just to experience this food! Superb!
We went for dinner after work for our bi-weekly date night.  Arrive at 5, first in the door.  Excellent setting, very serene, nice music, relaxing and comfortable.  Waitress was pleasant and attentive.  We had an appetizer of Ceviche which was brilliant.  If you order it, get the classico and medium spice.  You will not be sorry.

For dinner we had the Mar Pacífico and Arroz con pollo.  Both fantastic.  To drink we each had an Inka Cola.  Very much like a cream soda, but something about it is different (still working on what it is) and quite good.

Overall everything was great.  I would give it five stars but now only four because five stars should come after several visits.  We will most certainly be going back to work our way through the menu.  We have found precious little in Madison to get excited about, but Inka Heritage is definitely something to get excited about.  Perfect for date night, a casual dinner, or a pleasant civilized gathering of friends.  If you are, like us, sick of Wisconsin bar fare where everything has to do with booze and cheese and obnoxious loud drunks, you will find this place a small paradise.
Awesome South American food! I come here all the time. Ceviche is incredible, as is arroz con pollo or any of the steak dishes.
Most amazing meal!!  

If you haven't done so yet.  Try this place today

The food is unique but not scary. In fact everything on the menu sounds so good it's hard to choose.  But whatever you do start with spicy ceviche.  It was so good we placed a second order. Our main course and desserts were equally as good

To top it off the service, see John Philipe, was attentive helpful and a delight.  And the cleanliness of the restaurant was an excellent first impression

Try it now!!
We visited Inka Heritage after excitedly reading glowing reviews praising every dish the joint has to offer. I will preface this by saying that I've had some great ceviche, so my standards are quite high. I ordered the ceviche as an appetizer ($12 a plate--quite high for an appetizer) and was not impressed. Whereas many ceviches have plenty of tomatoes, cilantro, and a bit of garlic in a clear stew of lime juice, the ceviche at Inka Heritage is little more than cubed fish and whole slices of purple onion swimming in a pool of mustard yellow juice. The flavor was quite disappointing. I ordered the lomo saltado as my entree and again was unimpressed, especially for the price. Lomo saltado is a very straightforward dish: sauteed onions and tomatoes with seared beef tips, all on a bed of french fries and served with white rice. While the beef was tender and tasty, the vegetables were sparse and the fries were quite plain. This is a pretty simple dish with very inexpensive ingredients (minus the beef tips), but somehow it rings in at $14 a plate. Our server was attentive and friendly, willing to help at every turn, and the ambience was satisfactory, but at $45 for two people (and only waters to drink), there are many better meals to be had in Madison. We most likely will not be returning.
What a great restaurant! 

considering that I live in chicago it is rare that I find restaurants in Madison that I absolutely love and cannot wait to return to! 

This is such a neat little place and ALL of the food that our group ordered was AMAZING.

This restaurant should not be missed if you searching for a great meal.
I had an absolutely amazing meal at Inka Heritage tonight! I began with a Pisco Sour, which my server described as better version of a margarita and it was just that- delicious! My companions and I shared a ceviche micro as an appetizer which was also wonderful, the flavors were perfectly balanced and the seafood was tender.

For my entree I chose the Seco de Cordero and am so glad that I did. The lamb was amazingly tender and covered with a flavorful chimchurri-like sauce. My favorite component of the dish was the fried yucca, crunchy and delicious! My companions ordered the Arroz con Pollo and the Lomo Saltado which were both great also. 

To finish an already amazing meal, we shared three desserts: flan, the Suspiro a la Limena and the Delicia Andina. Each dessert was very rich and sweet, but very good. Perfect for sharing.

Overall, my experience at Inka Heritage amazing. Great food, tasty drinks and fast, attentive service even with one server caring for the entire restaurant.

Visit this restaurant as soon as you can, you won't be able to stop talking about it! I know I won't be able to!
I love this place , the food is great !
This was a gem of a find on our recent trip to Madison. We were looking for something unique and nice, preferably not downtown so we didn't have to deal with parking. 

The place is small and quaint with cute decor. I love little restaurants so this was totally wonderful. Although we came with a group of friends (5 of us total), this would be a great date spot.

I ordered the Lomo Inka Heritage which was a beef tenderloin. It came with a pancake made from rice and beans which was delicious. The whole thing was topped with a fried egg. There were also sweet plantains. The meal was plated beautifully and the portion was perfect. The meat was cooked perfectly and the sides were fantastic.

My friend is a very picky eater and so we were a bit worried about her. She ordered the Mar Pacifico which she enjoyed very much. She was a little skeptical at first because it came with a prawn still in it's shell with a visible eye but after she got over that part, she truly enjoyed her meal. She said she was glad we came to place she might not have otherwise come to.

It's not the best Peruvian I've ever had but it was quite delicious. Especially being that it's located in Madison, WI, I'd say it was pretty fantastic.
Not sure what was going on with the kitchen that night--i think the chef may have gone missing for an hour or the stoves weren't working?? It took over an hour for the food to come out after we had ordered-with no explanation- and the couple next to us had been waiting before we had even been seated. They got free wine refills because they had been waiting for so long!

I'm not sure if it was the fact that we were starving by the time the food came out but it was DELISH and I loved everything about it!
Good atmosphere. Good food.  Good Waitress.  Waitress was very knowledgable and spoke english, so she could explain menu to us.  Would visit again.
My wife had Inca Heritage recommended to her Di we went for lunch. We were amazed and delighted by the delicious food and attentive staff. We lived our experience so much we went again for lunch and chose new items, once again the food was amazing.
They have enhanced the lunch menu to add other South American and Cuban dishes so we are looking forward to eating our way through the menu.
LICK THE PLATE! EVERY TIME!
I am tempted at every visit to lick the plate, so I can have all of this Peruvian deliciousness.  I don't know every ingredient but what ever this is, I can't have enough.
Enter into the bright mango colored walls, long flowy white curtains into a friendly restaurant full of spice and care.  
Both at lunch and dinner the specials are good, service staff friendly and knowledgeable.  
I can't always decipher the menu, but on my last visit a table ordered what we had based only on looks and how we devoured it.
Appetizers, main courses and beautiful desserts.  Be ready to step into a different culture and away from westernized food Midwesterners are used to.
DELISH.  Take me away to Peru.
What a delightful restuarant!  Four of us ate here tonight for the first time.  The food was excellent.  We ordered ceviche mixto for an appetizer which I highly recommend.  Our entrees included jalea which was a nice mix of lightly breaded and fried seafood, yucca and plantain.  This dish was good but a bit greaser than I expected.  Our friends shared arroz con pollo which was very good.  I am a big fan of cilantro and it was used wonderfully in all but the jalea.  The dessert of creams volteada was yummy with the light caramel sauce.  Many restaurants make their coffee much too weak.  Inka Heritage makes theirs just right.  Our waiter was attentive but did not hover.  He was very charming.  The presentation of the food was done very tastefully.   The noise level is low so it was a great place to visit with friends.  The only reason I have not given it 5 stars is because the jalea could have been a bit less greasy.  I will definitely return.
Good but not great. Waiter was friendly and knew his stuff. The ceviche is beautiful, but the salt, citrus, and cilantro overwhelm everything else. The Escabeche de pescado had really nice, lightly fried tilapia, but the sauce was nothing special and the rice, served in a cube beside the fish, was hard, like it had sat under a heat lamp. I  would consider taking a friend here for the novelty of a Peruvian restaurant (if that would indeed be a novelty for them), but probably wouldn't choose to go back otherwise.
Two of us caught up with Inka Heritage during Restaurant Week, and we're really glad we did. The  place was full except for one two-top and there people standing outside - it's a small place. The standees must have been waiting for a large table; we were seated immediately.

We ordered started with the ceviche and some yucca. The yucca was basic and unadorned, but hot and fresh. The sauce (almost a curry) served with it was a great addition. The ceviche is notable. The fish was fresh and tender (not mushy, as is often the case when a long marinade time is used to cover for less-than-fresh fish.) The blend of onions and spices used have it some real zip, without burying the fish. 

My wife loved her Mar Pacifica. The fish with crab stuffing was excellently balanced -- I sort of expected the shrimp to be overkill, but they had their own distinct flavor to add to it all. 

I had the Lomo Saltado -- too much Saltado! Nice tender beef, laid over sweet onion. the sauce was rich and full, but seemed to be mostly soy sauce (not much vinegar tang there.) The result was way too much salt.

Service was friendly but efficient -- our waitress always seemed to have a moment to spare at exactly the right time. The room is small and cozy, with warm yellow decor and long white drapes covering the store front windows. All in all, we had a very good dinner in a charming place.
If service was speedier these guys would be rock solid in my book. Lunch specials are a steal at 6.99 and the expanded menu offers more options than before, but its sloooooooooooooooow and during the lunch hour I don't always have time to wait around. Delish in the end, just slow going leading up to it.
Awesome ceviche!
I stopped by here a couple of Saturdays ago for dinner with my fiance.  We had been looking for a good place to eat in Madison and this came up on Yelp.  I can honestly say that I have never had Peruvian food before and so I was looking forward to eating here.  Upon entering the restaurant the first thing that I noticed was how bright the walls were as they were a bright golden/orange color.  Other than the walls there were a bunch of white table clothed tables around including a few high tops.

My fiance and I decided to start off our evening with the ceviche which consisted of raw fish, leche de tigre (lime juice, garlic and ginger), sweet potatoes and peruvian corn (think American corn only much larger kernals) .  While I have had ceviche before, it has generally been at trendier places and so the focus has been smaller dishes catering to foodies and  not necessarily on portion size.  So you can imagine my surprise whenever the ceviche came out and it was a huge plate covered in fish and peruvian corn.  Both my fiance and I loved every minute of eating it as the leche de tigre had a perfectly acidity that complimented the fished perfectly.  For my dinner entree I ended up ordering the Pollo naeza which was actually not what I had decided on.  It was a Peruvian seasoned chicken filet with a inka salad and white rice.  You see I had closed the menu and whenever I picked it had said the wrong dish insted of the aji de hallina which was chicken in a Peruvian cream sauce.  After our server had left our entrees at our table I questioned my fiance about whether it was what I had ordered and she said that she had been surprised by it but yes it was.  I was a little disappointed as it was not what I was looking forward to but since I had ordered it I decided to stick with it  The chicken breast was juicy as they had said it would be although I didn't get too much of the spice and the salad was decent as well.  While it was not bad it was definitely a departure from what I would have ordered and fairly vanilla.  My fiance on the other hand really enjoyed her meal which was essentially a paella.

The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  Thinking about the ceviche has my mouth watering and I imagine that if I lived in the area that this would be one of the places that I would love to show my friends.
It's pretty damm good.   It feels kind of fancy, but you forget about that when your food arrives.   We had the ceviche, which was different, but great, and then the main course came which was pleasantly filling and satisfying.   It was a steak dish with french fries, mixed vegetables and rice- exactly what I needed after a few drinks.   

I was a bit bummed I didn't order the fried seafood dish.  Now, LISTEN- order it.  It's a single plate that serves 2-3 people, and it's literally a fried seafood masterpiece.   We saw it as we were leaving, and lets just say we'll be back just for that dish... and the ceviche.
What a gem!  The spicy ceviche is amazing and the menu is so eclectic and interesting I want to go back to try everything.  The ambience is very nice.  Service was great, and the food was expertly prepared.  Overall a great meal.
This was by far, the best meal I've ever had in Madison.  Go and enjoy!  Prices were totally reasonable considering the quality and freshness.  Absolutely outstanding.
The food here is delicious. The Lomo Saltado, though a bit salty and with a bit too many fries, is so tasty. The Seco de Cordero is amazing!! Seriously worth it. The ceviche lives up to it's rep, and the pisco sour is worth the $7 price tag.

My only complaint would be that they run out of items, way before closing. I tried ordering both the seco de cordero and the aji de gallina and both were out. Extremely disappointing since I basically went there for the seco. The seafood dish the waitress recommended instead, the pescado inka heritage, was alright, but nothing worth writing home about.
On a recent trip to Madison we had lunch at this Peruvian restaurant.  I have very little experience with traditional Peruvian food--for one thing, the last time I was in Peru was in the early 1980's and I was definitely traveling on a budget, so I did not have the chance to eat high end Peruvian food, and I was only there a few days as a lay over en route back from Bolivia.  I loved the Quechua and Aymara Indian women in their traditional dress, as well as their gorgeous native weavings from alpaca--and the fact that for both of us Spanish was a second language.

But the food did not strike me as amazing--I ate a lot of rehydrated purple potatoes is what I recall.
The thing that I love about Peruvian food, besides the ceviche (which is excellent and also a large portion for the price at Inka Heritage), is the causas.  What is a causa?  Is it versatile Peruvian potato dish makes a great light meal or a fine appetizer to share with the table. A causa can be layered with any number of fillings -- chicken salad and tuna salad are favorites, and both are available at Inka Heritage. Vegetarian fillings are options as well. They are served cold, which takes some getting used to because they are nothing like potato salad.  A causa rellena is often topped with extravagant garnishes and sauces for a colorful presentation.

The other thing that is quite well represented at this restaurant are rice and seafood dishes (they have chicken and meat options as well)--these are either sauce based, or they are like paella, but with much different flavors to the rice.


This was not a fancy restaurant, but it was very nice, and the prices were reasonable.  The portion sizes were substantial, and we shared dishes as a table, which is a great strategy to get to try as many possible things on the menu.


I am still quite new to this cuisine, but I definitely like what I have had so far.
Absolutely heavenly food. For sure a must try!
We love Peruvian food and were really looking forward to this meal due to the good reviews; however, our meal was fine but nothing special.

The Ceviche was too tart completely overpowering the taste of the fish. Peruvian ceviche comes in varied tastes. This one was low on our list.

We shared an enormous portion of Jalea Inka which was fried mixed seafood. For $27 you could easily share among 3 people. The dish consisted of tons of varied seafood...mussels, filet, squid, shrimp and it was nicely breaded but the dish was just not flavorful. A terrific value, but don;t expect to be overwhelmed by the flavor.

The Chicha morada was sweet and good and the service was very good.
Pretty place, but I don't pay fot the paint on the walls. The food was bland. I'm almost certain they forgot the salt. 

It's nice too look at and that is it.
I have always enjoyed going to the Inka heritage, I have tried many dishes and they have been very good except for the last two times I have been there, the first time I had Lomo a la Huancaina and today Lomo saltado and the meat has been very chewy both times, my boyfriend had the Lomo Inka Heritage and his meat was so chewy he could not eat it. We brought the matter to the servers attention and she was willing to bring a new steak to him, it took like 10 min and as you can imagine it felt like an eternity since my boyfriend was starving and the rest of his food was already room temperature not to mention his side of ripe plantain tasted old and it had a crumbly texture, I think the quality on their meats its not the same and that's a shame since it was my favorite peruvian restaurant.
First time having Peruvian food and this was delicious! Perfect place for a date night dinner.  I had the Causa Limena (. for starters. The presentation and execution of flavors was perfect.  I'm not a fan of avocado, but this dish is making me think differently. 

The Lomo Saltado (beef, cilantro, rice and fries potatoes) was the main course and also a perfect blend of flavors and was a very generous sized portion.  

Combine all this with a very relaxing atmosphere and it was an excellent experience!
As a participant in the 2013 Savor South Madison Taste Race, I had the opportunity to patronize a number of wonderful restaurants on the South Park Street corridor.  One of those was Inka Heritage, which I had intended to try for a number of years.  And this Peruvian eatery did not disappoint; the food was well prepared and the service was better than expected.  Now my only regret is that I wish I had visited sooner.

Based on the humble exterior, the understated elegance of the restaurant interior surprised me.  I enjoyed the warm butternut orange on the walls contrasted by sharp white trim.  The Peruvian blankets and the dark hardwood floors added to the effect.  With all the hard surfaces and open floor plan, the restaurant could get noisy if they had a full house.  During my visit, there was a light Monday lunch crowd and noise was not a problem.  The tabletops and floors were spotless - a good first impression.

After I selected a seat by the window, my server greeted me with a menu and a water glass.  While a bit stoic, he knew the menu well and answered all my questions about the different lunch options and about the spices used in Peruvian cuisine.  During the meal, he checked in on my periodically, promptly removed the dirty dishes and took the picture I needed for participating in the Taste Race.  Overall, I was impressed with his professionalism.

The first course was a simple, well-seasoned cup of chicken vegetable and rice soup.   It was a well-balanced dish, chock full of veggies and tender white meat.  

The soup was a just a prelude to an appetizing main course.  I ordered the house specialty, the pollo a la brasa.  The roasted chicken was moist on the inside, with a crispy, slightly salty skin.  Again, the kitchen applied the seasoning with a deft hand for this dish. The zesty cilantro sauce served with the dish was a perfect complement.  I also devoured the sides of pinto beans and a wedge of rice.

The cost of the meal with coffee and a tip was $13, a good value for the quality of the food they delivered.  I look forward to returning and sampling the more extensive dinner menu.
I tried a sampling of Inka Heritage at the Taste of Madison and decided I wanted to go there for a full meal for my birthday this past October. Everything was great! Our appetizers and the cilantro seafood dish I had was fantastic. My friends and I also shared dishes with each other so that we could all taste different things. Overall I found the service and food to be excellent. My friends, unbeknownst to me, told the server it was my birthday and she brought me a complimentary creme caramel which was to die for! I would agree with one of the other reviewers that it was very cold inside. They did not say anything about the heat being broken and we were seated by the windows during one of the recent Wisconsin cold spells so maybe that was the issue. Other than that I would recommend this place for a nice dinner out. They also had a decent wine list and decor and lighting was nice and welcoming.
AHHHMazingg food.  Everything tasted so flavorful and different from anything I've ever had.  This was only the second time I've ever had Peruvian food, but would definitely like to try more.  It was a little pricey I think, but delicious.
I went to inka for restaurant week in Madison. They had some really good options on the menu for $25 for 3 courses. Dessert portions were a bit small and service was slow to start. The ceviche was amazing (per usual) and the mariscoes de la playa were delicious. Would definitely go back there. Different place than most in madison. Hard to find Peruvian food. His place is a gem.
Went here for lunch during Restaurant Week, and boy were they busy. Right away I got the impression that they were under staffed. They had a full house with only two servers and one host. When my friend and I arrived we waited about three minutes at the door without anyone greeting us. I mean, it is Restaurant Week right? Be a little better prepared. I did give this restaurant four stars because the food was phenomenal, and I received all my food promptly . For appetizer I ordered the "Causa de la Granja". It was a small mashed potato cake with different layers and many flavors. It had a nice lime flavor which I loved. My friend ordered the "Tamalito verde de pollo". She enjoyed it. We also each ordered a glass of sangria. The sangria was a bit on the sweeter fruitier side, but it complimented the food so well. The pour was a lot more than I expected ($6)! I would have definitely ordered another glass, but because it was 1 pm on a weekday I held back...The entrees we ordered were the "Seco Verde" and the "Pescado a la Chorillana" The seco verde consisted of beef mostly covered in a cilantro sauce served with white rice and beans. The cilantro sauce is super flavorful. The pescado a la chorillana was lightly fried fish served with white rice and a red semi spicy sauce. There were sauteed onions and carrots. I really liked my dish because the flavor was great and the spiciness was just the right amount. The spiciness of the dish did require me to take my time eating. It did get a little spicy at one point, but I still loved the dish. For dessert we ordered "Arroz con Leche"  and "Delicia Tropical."Arroz con leche had a pudding consistency and a lot of cinnamon. The delicia was a passion fruit mousse. Heavenly! I tasted many different flavors all in one bite. Sweet, sour, bitter, delicious. Definitely recommend you try this restaurant. I suggest you make a reservation since there is limited seating.
Inka Heritage is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. You should come here planning for a relaxed meal you can savor. I have been here at least a dozen times and always leave stuffed and happy. The interior is warm and welcoming and somehow helps you forget you're on busy Park Street. The ceviche is a bright and tangy way to start any meal and I have a hard time not ordering the aji de gallina every single time I go there. It is so unbelievably good. The tacu tacu de lomo is also very tasty and the dessert offerings are playful. You could cap off a warm evening with a stroll along Monona Bay which is hidden right across the street. 
The owners are wonderful people. I have coordinated with them for catering small samples for a large cultural event and they provided excellent service and food.
I was here for a late Valentine's Day dinner with my boyfriend. The service was a bit slow given the packed condition of the dining room. We ordered chicha moradas (non-alcoholic drink made out of purple corn juice, tastes like sangria but with juice instead of wine) and the ceviche mixto to start. The ceviche was amazing...I wish I had ordered that for my entree. It had squid, mussels, crab leg, and fish all swimming around in a tart and spicy juice marinade. 

The entrees we ordered were not as great as the ceviche. I ordered the Pescado a lo Macho, which was two breaded and fried fish fillets, squid, two mussels and one crab leg covered in a garlic sauce that contained no hints of wine or spiciness. It was a very generous portion though, enough for two people, or two meals for one person. Kevin ordered the Chupe de Camarones, which was a sort of chowder-y type seafood soup. It too, came in a giant portion. We were too full from our over-sized entree portions to even consider dessert, but they have that if that's your thing.

We'll be back for ceviche and sangria.
Amazing Peruvian food that never disappoints.  My husband and I went for the 3rd time and it was fantastic.  We are very selective about restaurants and food.  This food is a must.  Flavors are amazing, staff is great.  My lamb dish was incredible, the Ceviche is out of this world and my husband's steak was great.  This homemade food is well worth your time, money and trip.  Enjoy.
We went for lunch and started with an appetizer - Causa Limena - which was this yummy potato cake filled with avocado n chicken salad. 

Then we ordered from the lunch menu which included a chicken and rice soup before our meal. 

I had the lunch version of Lomo Saltado which was juicy steak cubes with onions and tomatoes with yuca fries n white rice. 

My partner had the Arroz Verde which was cilantro rice and grilled chicken. 

Both dishes were full of flavor and satisfying. We were stuffed by the end and our entire meal was less than $30!
I've known of Inka Heritage for sometime now. Never had a reason to rush their until a coworker told me that they went there and were quite surprised.

    I've never been to a Peruvian restaurant before, so I wasn't sure what to order. But when I see raw meat and fried egg anywhere on the menu my eyes are drawn to those items.

    I've only ever had ceviche before at Frontera Grill. Now it's hard to do better then Rick Bayless, but Inka did good. Not dangerously spicy, mostly all seafood rather then having a equal amount of fillers to deceive your eyes. There was Peruvian Corn (choclo or cuzco corn) in it also. Nutty flavor rather then sweet like your typical American corn and added crunch to the dish.

    Next I ordered Lomo Inka Heritage aka Meat and Potatoes in a way. When I ordered the dish I asked for the meat to be rare cause that how I like my meat. She had an odd confused look on her face and then ended up coming back to the table asking if I meant medium rare. I just said "sure, yeah" thinking that they where afraid to cook meat that way and just hoping that I wasn't about to receive a dog toy of a meat. But I was happily surprised when I received the dished that the beef was not rubber. Was unevenly cooked thou with parts being rare and others being medium rare. After rereading the menu online I saw that the dish was also to have a creole sauce that wasn't present but wasn't needed with the liquid gold of a yoke from the egg. The taco taco pancake wasn't sweet, you get that from the plantain, but was well seasoned with garlic and onion. 

    Now you can't skip dessert when it's made in-house. So, very surprisingly I have never have had Tres Leche before. Which you would think cause I love bread pudding which is what this reminded me of. Not too sweet, obviously moist. Got a corner piece which I think is the always the best specially with brownies.
Inka Heritage did a wonderful job with my book release party. The space looked good, the food was tasty and plentiful, the staff was friendly, and the owners even cut me a deal on our agreed-upon price after their success in drinks and new potential customers. I wish Daniel, Esmeralda and their staff continued success.
Inka has spectacular food-- each entree we tasted had great flavor. Lomo saltado, Tacu tacu, and the ceviche all tasted so good. What was most appreciated was how unique the dishes were. The sauce for the lomo saltado is really savory without overpowering the meat itself.

The ceviche was really tasty and unique for ceviche I thought, but for $13-18 it is a little pricey. If there is a complaint against Inka, it's definitely the higher prices-- but for excellent food, unique flavors, and an upscale environment I won't complain.
The ceviche was the best!
Great restaurant week experience. The portions were larger than expected, the quality was all there, and the service was great despite the full house.
My family is from South America and so I was a harsh critic when I came to Inka. I like that it was reflective of it's peruvian heritage in both decor and staff. They had the essentials on the menu that would be found in the capital city of Lima such as cerviche, leche de Tigre. Chupe de camarones, pisco sour, and  chicha morada. So this put me at ease! So I went and ordered the Classico cerviche, papa a la huancaina  and chupe de camarones to drink pisco sour and chicha. Everything up to par with traditional flavors found in native Peru aside from the chupe. I had an issue with the soups liquid base not being a clear red broth but instead found it to be made with heavy cream, which is not the norm in addition the way I see it there is no chupe with out a form of cheese in the soup which there was none sadly. Aside from that hiccup on tradition the place is worth going back to good prices for the size and nice staff!
As one of a handful of Peruvian(-ish) restaurants in Las Vegas, this place was a semi-favorite of mine when I worked in the area. Now that I work and live further away, I come out here sparingly.

You see, I'm Peruvian. I mean, I was born there, but  was raised here. So my concept of Peruvian food has always been stuff that my mom cooked growing up. But one of the things my parents never cooked and we only had in restaurants was "pollo a la brasa" (rotisserie chicken) made the Peruvian way. So whenever my parents had a craving for this, they loaded us kiddos in the car and off we went to get pollo. I haven't been a kid for quite some time, but you'd be a fool if you thought I didn't get in my parents' car when I found out they were on their way to the Peruvian restaurant. They go for the chicken, which they think is the bees knees, I go for the Peruvian ceviche. You should also know that Peruvian ceviche is different than the Mexican variety. And I might be biased but I'm pretty sure the Peruvian version is better. 

Anyway. The food here is ok. It's not at all something to scream about, though it is better than other Peruvian restaurants I've been to. The portions always seemed smallish to me, too. The service is ok, though I swear the guy who works there is ALWAYS there. I've gone on in different days/times and he's ALWAYS there!

The prices are fair for Peruvian cuisine, specially if you're just in to get chicken and fries and salad. If you upgrade to ceviche or lomo saltado (which is almost Peru's national dish) you'll be more in the Tony Roma's price range than the Applebee's range. 

Will I return here? Yes. There are just too few Peruvian options to consider not coming here.
vivi en california mucho tiempo, soy mexicano y me encanta la comida peruana, pero creo q me acostumbre al sason de el restaurant peruano al que iva en los angeles, por eso pongo 3 estrellas
I must say I've been coming to this place since back when it was called "el tumi" (i was about 11 years old)! Me and my family have always missed getting pollo a la brasa ever since we left peru. so we got recommended to this place, their chicken here is as good as it gets. Ive been to other peruvian restaurants and none have a chicken like this one. The chicken s just delicious, and well seasoned and reminds me of back home. their ceviche is good too, as well as arroz chaufa. The one thing that disappointed me was the anticuchos. but then again i have yet to go to a peruvian restaurant that serves a GOOD anticucho. I give this place 5 stars because of their chicken, and because the place itself is very authentic. I've seen the bussiness grow throughout all this time and i must say that this has to be one of the best peruvian restaurants in town.
The pollo a la brasa was juicy, good flavor and had crispy skin. All the elements that make the perfect Peruvian style chicken you can't duplicate at home. I think this and pho are the only things I won't even bother trying to make coz it's just not with the effort (time and money wise). The only thing I didn't like was the tub-o-fries that came with it. They were just the same old boring frozen shoestring variety, and having a ton of them didn't make them taste any better or make me feel like I got a great value. There was a shady street kid who walked in and took over one of the tables. He laid out a bunch of merchandise to sell to whoever was interested. Nikes, shampoo, lotion, and other beauty products. The fact that the staff didn't boot him out made me believe he must be a regular. So if you ever need chicken and hair products in one go, this is your spot.
so I went to this place with a Peruvian friend of mine.  

As a Summerlin resident, going to E. Sahara and Eastern is quite a trek, not to mention having to drive through sketchy part of town.  

I am no expert of Peruvian food, but I must say that I DID like the food.  I had typical Peruvian cusine such as Ceviche Mixto, papa a la huancaina, choros a la chaleca, arroz chaufa, and aji de gallena.  

I guess Peruvian food is sort of like Hawaiian food.  Melting pot of many cultures from the Spaniards, the indiginous people, and Asian immigrants. 

It's quite out my way, so I can't imagine myself going there frequently, and I cannot vouch for the authenticity of the food as I have only had Pervucian food a couple of times, but I did like it.  It's certainly something slightly different from what I'm used to, and I'd have no hesitation returning should I happen to be in that par to town.
Im the kind who is always open to trying something new so when our friend suggested to try this place we were totally up for it.  I have never had Peruvian food and didn't know what I was looking at on the menu.  However they do have a description written in english so you can decipher it without a problem but then how do you know what is good?  Well, we each made two or three choices then ask the waitress and she had a definite favorite of them and went with what she said.

The nice thing about being a Yelper is having your friends hand you food off their plates to try.  The bad thing is I need to start working off some of this food!  So here is what we went with.  Tamal with sliced marinated onions and lime juice, the Masa was nice.  The boyfriend had Parihuela Peruvian Bouillabaisse a Seafood soup with fish, clams, shrimp,mussels and squid in a delicious beer broth.  He was happy and full.  Our friend had Saltado de Pollo Chicken sautéed with tomatoes and onions and french fries.  It had a rich hardy flavor extremely filling.  Sadly mine is not on the to go menu so I can only describe it without a name.  I had a Spaghetti made with a Basil and Cilantro sauce with a lean beef and fried plantains.  I really enjoyed it, similar to a pesto sauce only in Peruvian.

The experience all in all was good the food was good.  It is not a gourmet restaurant nor did I expect one, the food is huge in portions and the flavor is good.  The prices are a bit high but for the amount of food you get I guess it is fine.  The service was good I think she was not used to seeing many White and Asian people come in to try the food maybe a bit intimidated at first.  I really enjoyed my choice for my meal and glad to have tried it I may be back but unsure at this time.  I'm going to go eat my lunch now, guess what I'm having ;)...
I was here during June 2012. I came to Vegas and was really craving Peruvian Cebiche. Not being frrom Vegas I called to make sure that they would be open and for the location. Since they were really close to closing I decided to call for 2 Cebiche Mixtos'. The only thing I was disappointed as far as Cebiche was that they did not offer spice. I am not an expert in Peruvian food but I do know my Peruvian food. 

Well, the waitress was really nice and allowed my group of 4 people to dine-in while she finish cleaning up, which I really appreciated! =]

What I order:

-Cebiche Misto: Really good (8/10)
-Jalea: Eh (5/10- I do hate Jalea, I order it in accident, was drunk)
- Chicha Morada: GREAT! It was really, really good, and the price for the pitcher was unbelievable (10/10)
I love my country and its food. Peruvian food is hands down my favorite and Im very happy to see that its getting more and more popular throughout the world. And now, in Las Vegas.

There are a couple of options in town and Las Americas is one of the top ones that have its pros and cons.

Pros are simple: The food. It tastes awesome and portions are good. Im getting punched by Incas right and left when I take a bite of anything that I order. And I ordered everything  already..dont judge me. They have this hang over secret called "Leche de tigre" (means tiger milk but its not real tiger milk) it is very sour but its liquid cocaine for me. 

The aji de gallina and carapulcra taste like heaven. See, Las Americas has some plates that other Peruvian restaurants don't dare to have .Very authentic dishes like Patita con Mani or chicharron breakfast. Every dish taste good and the presentation is good as well.

Price is also in the Pros department. Comparing between the other spots in town, this place is really affordable. With a very big menu you can chose to be budget conscious or just go all out on a gallore of Peruvian food indulgence.

Cons are a couple : Location. It is not located in the best side of town. Ive seen (and filmed) a couple of homeless people fights at the parking lot , had some people selling random things walking into the restaurant (and they let them) or just some ghetto /dangerous situations. If you took the bus , good for you, but I drive there and
it is a little scary to leave your car outside. At least you can see your car through the windows.

Another thing I don't like is the decoration. It looks cheesy/ghetto.It makes me sad sometimes because it scares people out. Just doesn't look good. For example I was eating my delicious carapulcra on a MonteCarlo casino plate and im sure they are not part of the chain.I cant bring a group here because it just doesn't look good and even though the food is good , presence and location will murder the experience for a Peruvian food noob.

The chef is awesome. He cooks and checks on you while you are dining. For a small stablishment I think that was a pretty cool touch. The servers are nice. Always smiling and greeting; However they tend to forget things . Today they forgot two things on my order and refills were taking a while. I give them a B for effort and warmth but they
could do better

Ride your LLama but leave your Drama when you get there!
Decided to try this place while visiting the city. Living in CA, I can find lots of Peruvian restaurants However, most of them tend to have the same dishes in their menu (lomo saltado, seco de cabrito, aji de gallina, tallarines verdes, causa, ceviche, etc).
The first thing that caught my attention was the variety in the menu: Mondongo (tripe), patita con mani (beef feet), carapulcra, among others. I really recommend their tamales (Peruvian tamales are different to Mexican tamales).
I ended up going twice during that trip just to try more dishes. I'm Peruvian, if it matters.
This restaurant is fantastic.

Food is authentic, decently priced and totally delicious. The staff is very nice and helpful if you don't know anything about Peruvian food.

Unfortunately it is very far from the strip in the hood, so a cab may be pricey if you are visiting.
Hands down, BEST peruvian restuarant I've been to.  Our family came from out of town and after visiting the strip, we were tired and really hungry.  Peruvian food was all on our minds, and I'm so glad it was! My husband can't stop talking about their ceviche.  Keep doing what you're doing over there! It's fabulous! A diamond in the rough :)
Although this restaurant's food will never be as good as my mother-in-law's Peruvian food, I must say it is the most authentic in Vegas. It is not an upscale location, but the food is the star. The service is always good. If you're looking for authenticity, then this is the place to visit and try. You might make it a regular place to visit like my hubby and I have!
I must say I've been coming to this place since back when it was called "el tumi" (i was about 11 years old)! Me and my family have always missed getting pollo a la brasa ever since we left peru. so we got recommended to this place, their chicken here is as good as it gets. Ive been to other peruvian restaurants and none have a chicken like this one. The chicken is just delicious, and well seasoned and reminds me of back home. their ceviche is good also, as well as the arroz chaufa. The one thing that disappointed me was the anticuchos. but then again i have yet to go to a peruvian restaurant that serves a GOOD anticucho. I give this place 5 stars because of their chicken, and because the place itself is very authentic. I've seen the bussiness grow throughout all this time and i must say that this has to be one of the best peruvian restaurants in town.
My first time here, very impressed.  The grilled chicken is a must try for sure.  If you get there at around noon, they are coming off the grill and very full of flavor.
My husband was raving about this place "you gotta try their chicken!" But honestly I thought it was mediocre. We ordered the beef heart to start but they never brought it out, the fries weren't even fresh, they use  frozen potatoes. I really wanted to like this place but it was just a "meh".
Great food, always consistent. We are regulars there. The only reason I don't give five stars is because the waitress never speaks directly to me when the family orders (in spanish). But, when it's time to pay the bill
 is always placed next to me. Lol...the funny part is all of my inlaws know the owners. Anyway the food is great & we vist 2 - 4 times a month.
Very satisfied, went here summer 2013. Food was nice well seasoned and spicy.
The food was wonderful the lomo saltado took me back to the flavors I  previously found in Peru . The service and price was top notch I recommend this place 100%  if you are in the mood for some good peruvian food
My hubby is Peruvian so we come here from time to time to get our fix. The food is excellent and portions are large. The service is great and I appreciate that all the windows are blocked off with pictures of different areas of Peru. This restaurant is in a bad neighborhood so it's better looking at that than the ugly street outside. You can also buy Peruvian goodies here like turron, alfajores, and Inka Kola. They have picarones as well but only serve on Saturdays. My favorites here are chicha, pollo a la brasa, and aji de gallina. So good!
The Aji Di Gallina is fabulous.  We had another dish that was beef in a red sauce but it was not as good as the Aji Di Gallina.  Creamy, spicy, comforting and tasty!  The server was very friendly and very attentive.  Big portions, lots of starch if you are hungry and nice atmosphere.  Will definitely return and try some of their grilled meats and yes, the Aji Di Gallina again..  It is that good.
The ckn was very tasty and fresh. Great value for $17 whole ckn with 2 large sides. Large space with friendly service.
My friend and I stumbled upon this restaurant on our way to find Settlebello in Henderson.  We were thrilled because Peruvian food is something both she and I miss tremendously.

We went in and I ordered the Arroz con pollo (Chicken rice) and she ordered the Arroz con mariscos (Seafood rice) and they both did not disappoint.  The portion of rice was generous on both plates.  Mine came with two pieces of chicken and colorfully green flavored rice.  There was some red onion salsa on the side -- it was good!  Hers had two mussels and seafood mixed into the rice...  delicious.

I recommend the passion fruit drink and a side of plantains to go with your meal.  They both compliment the meal very well!

I normally order the Bistec a lo Pobre when I'm at a Peruvian joint, so I'd have to go back and try it!  But Hurray for Peruvian food in Vegas!
If you're looking for great authentic Peruvian food...don't look any further. This restaurant has delicious written all over it! The lomo saltado is awesome and I can't wait to go back and try more!
let me begin by saying this was the first time I've ever had Peruvian food and it was amazing. The fish ceviche was amazing, both of our meals were delicious. I stumbled on this place through restaurant.com and i will def be going back. Really great food, not like Mexican food at all which i don't like, so if your in the area go there!
I've eaten here several times over the last year, and I think this place is just great!  Modest prices, fresh food that's always tasty, pretty good service with a smile, even. Comfortable relaxed atmosphere.

Rotisserie Chicken and fries are usually on special when I go, but I've also had Bisteca and a few other specialties.  Never a bad experience for me. Plus, live music on weekends!
I have eaten here twice and it is okay, average, nothing spectacular...
The service is really good...The waiter explains the popular menu items and goes through everything, even the specialty drinks.  You get bread and a cilantro-esque dipping sauce.  One of the two times, I also got pickled veggies.
I got the lomo saltado on trip one, a beef stirfry with fries and rice...it is good, enough food for 2 meals, but slightly oily.  Tastes good reheated!  The second time, I got the bistec - steak with grilled onions (big chunks), tomatoes, rice, fries and plantains with a fried egg on top.  I did have to ask for the plaintains as they were forgotten, but when I got them they were hot, sweet and delicious.  The fried egg is a nice touch.
The prices are high (approximately $16 for a dish) but it is worth trying a new cuisine.  I think each entree could feed a normal person of either gender for dinner and lunch the next day.  I just don't think my two experiences and the experience of my new-to-Peruvian-food dining companion warrant another trip.
Delicious. You must go here. We usually go to Ta Ta, but decided to drop by Mi Peru instead. I had the white fish in lime juice that was so, so tasty and my husband had the beef soltada. The beef was juicy and very well seasoned. We had wine and beer that was also very good. Service was excellent. This was the first time I've tried Peruvian food and I love it!
This small, informal restaurant serves Peruvian fare - duh.  We started off with a complimentary salad of jicama, carrots, cucumber and onion in lime juice and a cup of aji dipping sauce.  This salad proved to be both spicy, refreshing and the best dish we consumed this evening.  Our shared appetizer was papa a la huancaina - boiled potatoes covered with a mild aji sauce and cream.  I could not taste the aji sauce and the overall flavor was muted.  I also tried a glass of chica morado - a purple corn drink which was pretty good though it won't be replacing diet Pepsi at Hacienda de Westie.  Ann ordered arroz con Mariscos - a mixed seafood dish with rice billed as being Peru's take on paella.  I settled on a mixed seafood soup called parihucla that the menu described as Peru's take on bouillabaisse.  Both entrees were bland and compared unfavorably to their better known counterparts.
We arrived around 8pm on Feb 12th, 2010 to find the place severely understaffed (one server, one busboy) while servicing at least 7 other tables. Needless to say it did take a while for us to get our drinks. But our server was gracious, calm and attentive, which is quite impressive considering the volume of such a little place. We settled on an Argentinian Malbec, priced very reasonably, to go with our meal. 

We ordered the Ceviche as an appetizer and it did not disappoint. Layers of sumptuous seafood, peppered with cilantro and red onions. A solid helping of cancha (a peruvian snack made from large corn kernels that are tossed in hot oil until puffed and golden brown) as well as a perfect amount of acidity in the citrus.

Our dinner consisted of a moderately portioned. Aji de Gallina* and Arroz con Pollo*. Two dishes I had as a child, growing up in Peru. Although both entrees were well balanced and tasty, they weren't quite as flavorful as they could've been. And I think my mom, bless her soul, would've done a better job of them. I know you can't compare the feeling of your mother's cooking with restaurant food but I think they could've pushed themselves a bit, specially on a friday night. We had a great time nonetheless and took a few pictures of the beautiful servings. We finished the meal with 4 alfajorcitos or small alfajores. A type of peruvian pastry consisting of two round cakes sandwiched with honey and condensed milk in the middle and sprinkled with powdered sugar. Very small and simple and delicious. 

Overall, we will come back again just for the ceviche and maybe try some cuzqueña beer and their other dishes. Taking advantage of their patio this upcoming summer.

*Aji de Gallina (Peppered Chicken) is a Peruvian classic made with aji peppers, chicken, and a cream sauce. 

*Arroz con Pollo (chicken with rice) is cooked in a mild cilantro sauce, with corn kernels, and small pieces of carrots, peas and red onions.
Mi Peru is in a obscure strip mall.. 
I stumbled upon the restaurant looking for something different. 

Little did I know that Peruvian food also entails a lot of Chinese inspired dishes because there are a lot of Chinese people who live in Peru. This information was told to me by the owner himself... 

My friend got the fried rice (Chinese dish) and I got a hearty chicken soup. 
The fried rice was a bit too oily, but the soup was yummy. It tasted fresh and the flavors were right on. 

I wouldn't mind coming out here again if I were in this part of town.
I really want this place to make it. It's an interesting restaurant in MY neighborhood. The first time I went in for takeout I realized how cute it was inside (it was hard to tell from outside since it is in a strip mall). It's very warm and charming inside. Everything we had was great. It was the rotisserie chicken and the beef saltado. In fact, I liked the saltado so much that I looked up how to make it on the Internet and have been making the chicken version about once a month. I went in for girls night out again last week. The girls, who had never been there before, loved it. We got the steak kabobs and they were a favorite. They have a pretty decent, although small, wine list. I recommend the Torrontes. Very inexpensive but delicious and refreshing with spicy savory dishes. The only problem I had was with the glassware. One of the girls' water glass was gross, and all of our wine glasses smelled like a sour dish rag. Gag! Other than that, I think this restaurant is a great addition to my little neighborhood, and I hope they stay busy and make it through this crappy economy. They should have a happy hour too BTW.
Very tasty meal. The seafood rice was cooked perfectly and chicken with rice was flavored nicely. The service was attentive and polite. 

It's an under the radar kind of place. Wish I had tried one of the flavored fruit drinks. 

Would I go back? Yes, Yes I would.
This was a nice restaurant with a pretty good atmosphere.  I hadn't eaten Peruvian food for about 10 years, so I was long overdue!

This was more of an mid to upscale place compared to my usual Peruvian haunt (El Pollo Inca in LA).  I had to ask for the green spicy Aji sauce and it came in a bowl with a spoon (instead of a clear squirt bottle :P ).

We had the "Peruvian Seafood Paella" dish and the Arroz con Pollo.  The portions were quite large and everything tasted great and was very flavorful.  The only thing I regret was not getting something with rice and fries mixed in...  Miss that stuff!
This place is a hidden gem. The food is very flavorful and the portions are large, so go there hungry. I was looking forward to having the Pollo a la Brasa, which is a rotisserie chicken marinated in Peruvian spices, but they only serve this Thursday thru Sunday. Bummer. So I "settled" for the Lomo Saltado which was tender beef tenderloin strips mixed in with tomatoes, onions, french fries, and rice. Wow. This dish did not disappoint. I also enjoyed the aji sauce that they brought out with bread/butter. It was very creamy and spicy but not overly spicy. It tasted good on everything. Especially the french fries.

I will definitely be back to try the other dishes. I've got my eye on the seafood paella next.
I miss the great Peruvian back in SoCal and I decided to give this place a roll for dinner.

The setting of the restaurant was well decorated and pleasant.  However, I must rail against playing pan flute music in a Peruvian business and I cite the South Park episode on pan flutists as my justification.

The highlights of the meal were the fact they had chicha morada (purple corn drink) and the papa huancaina (potatoes in a spicy cream sauce); however, the chicha wasn't as flavorful as I hoped.  For the entree I had the fried fish which was seasoned well, but surprisingly omitted was a sauce for the fish. There was an onion/corn garnish on the side with the plain white rice, but really doesn't mix with the fish.

The server was polite and for the most part attentive.  

My overall experience was ok, but I am disappointed the food was not nearly as exciting as the Peruvian I'm used to back in SoCal.
Having eaten the best of peruvian cuisine for a very long time we were intrigued as to the quality of this restaurant. First and foremost the price seemed pretty high for what they put on the table. This is not the best of what peruvian food has to offer. 3 people ate for almost $100.00. They brought a bread to the table that was stale, very poor quality and that should have been a warning which we did not heeded, they just heated the old bread and presented the offering with no shame. The ceviche was below par. We also had the mussels with their fresh salsa on top and that dish did not impress anyone. Tried the causa and it lacked the authenticity of taste that distinguishes this dish. One of our group had the "arroz con pollo" (cilantro based rice with two squalid pieces of chichen) and got a whole lot of rice with almost no chicken. The other had "pescado sudado" (poached fish) and even though edible it was not great. I had fish with a shrimp sauce which was acceptable but not great. I do understand that this is a special type of cuisine but like anything in life there are peruvian restaurants that are far superior in quality and taste and for the money it just did not ring any bells. Wanted to like it for we go constantly to Las Vegas but compared to the top ones in Los Angeles this one fell way short of the mark. The place was semi-empty at around 6PM, (something that never happens at "El Rocoto" in LA which is always buzzing with activity and you can feel the energy in the air) and the kitchen had absolutely no movement. This is definitely not a top choice and do beware of the high prices, which we wouldn't mind at all if the food was worth it. I give it an average 3 Stars and perhaps the reviews I saw in urbanspoon.com are written by people that hasn't had the very best of peruvian food or perhaps even relatives for I seriously contest this restaurant to be anywhere near a 5 Star eatery. Save your money and when in Los Angeles do go to "El Rocoto" (just google it) and you will enjoy every minute of it compared with this bland, uneventful take on peruvian food.  The reason I used "El Rocoto" as an example is because this is one place that never fails to deliver fresh, authentic and delicious peruvian food and every time I've gone there it always crowded and like everyone should know the more crowded the place the fresher the food because it is always being consumed, no room for food to grow stale or to be re-heated in worst scenarios. Top of the line Chefs from Peru doing what they do best. 3 Stars for Mi Peru.
Do not go there. Not worth your time, money or calories. First time not good their rice tasted like fast chinese food and they didn't have grilled chicken for which Peruvian food is mostly know for. Gave them a second chance, no papa rellena, again no chicken. Service is slow, non-courteous and food was bland compared to other Peruvian food I've had in other cities. They better make things better if they want to survive here.
*** Regionally Adjusted Rating ***

I did an extended weekend trip to Vegas with my Peruvian girlfriend and we are always on the lookout for good foods.  We did our homework before our getaway and wanted to try this place out since it has favorable ratings.  

We jump in the car from our LV Strip Hotel and head over to Henderson in 100+ degree weather.  Not the ideal time to eat Peruvian food, but....  The restaurant is located in a shopping center which was easily accessible with ample parking.

What did we order here?  I am addicted to Lomo Saltado from the first time I had it in a "whole in the wall" in Downey.  I will order my Lomo Saltado, oh lomo why can't I quit you.  My girlfriend orders Tacu Tacu con Lomo Fino.  She has spoke about Tacu Tacu over and over again to me and we have been unable to find it at local LA/OC restaurants.  I hear about the "good ole days" in Peru.  

So, how do I rate these.  Mind you I have never had the originals in Peru.  The Lomo Saltado was a 2 to 3 star.  It was okay, would I order it again if I went to Mi Peru, No.  The Tacu Tacu was  delicious even though Miss Peru said otherwise.  I would give the Tacu Tacu a 3 to 4 star rating.  I would definitely order that again.  All the price points were good.  Make sure to score a Inca Kola.  Overall rating adjusted for Las Vegas area would be a 3 star.  If it was here in LA/OC with the various Peruvian restaurant competition it would get a 2 star.
Awesome food. Try the anticuchos; you won't be sorry! They even have Peruvian beer and wine.

If you haven't experienced Peruvian food, this is a place to try.  I love the anticuchos so much that I have trouble trying anything else on the menu, but do often get to taste what others at my table order.  The green mussels are wonderful too.  If you want a typical Peruvian soft drink, try the chicha morada (there is a hard version, but this will give you a good taste for it).  

Please try Mi Peru -- we need the good, neighborhood restaurants like this to survive!
This place is incredible. We just moved to Henderson from N Phx & this was one of the 1st restaurants we tried as it is literally steps from our house. I was a little bummed that the Pollo A La Brasa wasn't available when we were there (only Thurs-Sun) but after the meal we had, I knew we'd be back so I was excited to try it in the future. 

I ordered the Arroz con Mariscos ($15.95) which was delicious & HUGE. It was filled with plenty of seafood that was perfectly cooked. I asked for a little bit of their Aji sauce to try out since I make it at home regularly & it is one of my favorite condiments. I put it on almost everything! It was very good & spicy although the mayo flavor was pretty strong. 

My husband ordered the Tallarines Verdes ($14.95) which was equally huge & very tasty. 

The wait for our food was a little on the slow side but that wasn't a concern for us. We had no where to go & it was nice to sit & talk while we waited for our food. The only reason I mention it, is that if you are an impatient person or in a rush to be somewhere else, this might not be the best choice for you. Save it for a time when you can go & enjoy a leisurely night out. 

I was a little sad to see only one other table occupied while we there & I really hope this place sticks around. SO happy to have a great dining option so close to us.. we will definitely be back!
Love this place! The food is to die for....my favs are lomo saltado and arroz mariscos...yummmm! I go to this restaurant every time I'm in town. During my last visit...I tried the Sangria..delicious!
So a group of friends and I decided to try this place after we had a craving for something different. Of course I turned to Yelp to see what Peruvian places there were here in Vegas. There were only 3 places so we decided to try this one. 

This place is right off Stephanie and Horizon Ridge. When you walk in you almost feel like you're in mama's kitchen, well if you come from a latin background you would know what I'm talking about. Overall a very cozy atmosphere and not alot of traffic.

Now let's get down to business - food! We order a few dishes to get a taste and to make a fair judgement. First up, yuquitas fritas (deep fried yucca root). Actually I was expecting this to be either bitter or very stringy. Instead it tasted like a steak fry! A ranch style sauce accommodated this dish but the server brought out this cilantro mustard sauce that was better than the sauce it came with. Ask for the cilantro mustard sauce!

We then ordered the ceviche and anticuchos combo. The ceviche was incredible. I couldn't tell you what white fish it was but tasted like tuna. It had the perfect amount of flavor with the lime juice, cilantro and onions. It was served with potatoes (yams), dried corn (like oversized popcorn kernels), and corn. 

The anticuchos were awesome! The anticucho combo included beef, chicken & beef heart and fried potatoes. Each of these meats just melted in your mouth and the peruvian spices on it were perfect! I thought the best one was the heart. I highly recommend the anticuchos. Also use the cilantro mustard sauce if you need a sauce on your skewer and potatoes.

Final dish was the Jalea Mi Peru seafood combo. It was a deep fried seafood mystery because you didn't know what type of seafood you were eating. But that didn't stop me from gnawing down the deep fried goodness. I was surprised how big this dish was and how it never seemed to end even as 4 of us tackled this mound of seafood delights. It was topped with an onion type pico de gallo and lime juice. Actually it was really good, even for trying to guess what exactly you were eating. This dish included: green mussels, scallops, shrimp and a white fish. I didn't see the tartar sauce it was suppose to come with but it doesn't matter I stuck to my cilantro mustard sauce and I was happy! 

Overall the anticuchos are worth a try along with a nice ice cold Peruvian beer. It is a little pricey but the portion size does make up for how much you're spending. Service was great until the end when we were just sitting there waiting for our check. It's like the whole kitchen & staff disappeared for 20 mins. That's the only thing that prevented me from giving it 5 stars. I was quite impressed by this place.
good peruvian food.  granted i've only tried a few places, but my bf is peruvian and we both agreed this place was legit!  we ordered the arroz con pollo (chicken and seasoned rice) and the anticucho de lomo (beef kabobs with sides).... two popular peruvian dishes.  both were yummy.  i really liked the peruvian rice... and the kabobs were very tender and tasty!!  it's worth the drive and experience.

on the flip side, i did feel the dishes were a bit pricey for what they were.  however, i realize peruvian food is hard to come by here....  thus, rarity comes with a price.
So I have been to this place many times and usually order the same thing.

Shrimp Causa:  Only after our 3rd visit that we were able to order this.  They have ran out of this appetizer before.  That's just how good this is.  It's supposed to be a very popular South American Appetizer.  The baked potato with the aji amarillo sauce is what makes it so yummy.

Ceviche de mixto:  This ceviche has shrimp, fish, squid, all lemon cured, mixed with onions.  There are two type of corn kernels, the sweet one, and the toasted one, both taste delicious with this ceviche.  This however, isn't the ending to this simple yet awesome dish...the sweet potato perfectly complimented this ceviche.  This was my favorite!

Anticucho de lomo:  Entree includes three types of meat on skewer: beef tenderloin, chicken, and beef heart.  I liked all 3!  They each have their own flavor.

Alfajores:  Dessert.  3 Bite-size caramel sandwich cookies.  The caramel is actually the dulce de leche.  They were coated with powdered sugar.  It is yummy, but quite expensive for the portion given.  Nevertheless, I still order it to really complete my meal.

There is this drink called chicha morada that I ordered every single time.  It's actually purple corn, but it was sweet and tart.  Super delicious.  Reminds me of grape juice, just a more peruvian authentic twist.  So refreshing.

All the times that I have been here, I've only seen one waiter.  It's a small restaurant that has room for maybe a little more than 10 tables.  

Regardless, it has yummy food and I am sure to return.
Food was great, portion size was great except for the alfajores, they need to increase them.
If you're having Peruvian, you have to have the corn juice.  It's non-carbonated, sugary goodness with a hint of cloves and cinnamon.  For me, it's like an appetizer and a drink.

The chaufa is excellent here.  It's fried rice, and is very salty, but I assume if you're ordering it, you'll like that.  Get the one with chicken and beef (and shrimp if you like it).

I don't think it's better than the places in NYC, but it's certainly better than the crap they serve in California.  And for Vegas, it's worth four stars.  Definitely should be tried, especially if you haven't had delicious Peruvian food.
I LOVE Peruvian food...and that's probably because I'm half-Peruvian. Unfortunately for me, my Peruvian mother does not cook that many dishes from her native country and that leaves my tummy sad and deprived. Anytime we have a chance to check out a Peruvian place though, we will try it. Mi Peru is probably the best Peruvian restaurant here in Vegas and is somewhat comparable to my grandmother's cooking which is to die for. I've been here several times and for my latest visit, I brought my boyfriend a long so he could eat some nom-noms. I had a gift certificate from restaurant.com for $25 as long as you spend $50. Not a problem considering that this place is a little pricey and that's why I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5.

As I mentioned before, food is great. We had:

Drinks: Chicha Morada...the Peruvian purple drink. A juice made from purple corn, it is sweet and delicious. Definitely try this! We got a pitcher because I knew I'd want more than one glass. 15 bucks for a pitcher though, ouch! I bought packets of chicha morada juice mix when I was in Peru for 10 cents a packet and those make a pitcher...so not a great deal there..especially since I am pretty sure they are using the packets mixes also...

Appetizer: Ceviche, which is chopped fish marinated in lime juice and chopped onions. I asked the server what kind of fish they used and he said Mahi-Mahi. I'm not sure if this changes from time to time so be sure to ask in case you don't like fish. It is served with a slice of sweet potato, yellow potato, roasted Peruvian corn and fresh Peruvian corn kernels which are large, not like the ones we are used to here. Now, I am NOT a huge seafood person but this is so delicious, I just can't put my fork down, seriously. The lime juice "cooks" the fish so there is no fishy flavor and it probably helped that the fish was SUPER fresh. The only problem with this dish was that we waited a long time for it so they probably just prepared it before bringing it out. When we make it at home, we let it marinate a couple hours before eating it...but like I said, it was delicious!

Entrees: I got the Seco de Carne which is beef marinated in a cilantro sauce. This is usually my favorite but here the sauce wasn't up to par and didn't taste like cilantro at all. The beef was tender and juicy and the rice and beans served with it were also very delicious. My boyfriend and everyone else we were with got the lomo saltado which is strips of beef sauteed with peppers, onions on top of french fries and served with rice. Everyone who got this dish was very happy and I couldn't blame them. Meat was tasty and flavorful. Everything works together so well.

We skipped dessert because one, we were so full and two, because the stuff is kind of pricey, we decided against it.

Service is okay, kind of on the slow side but they are nice and the food is AWESOME so no biggie. This place isn't close to me so I can't come too often but my boyfriend Justin J. LOVED it so he keeps asking me to go back. We will definitely be back...unless my grandmother is in town. :)
I am not gonna try and spell the dishes we had tonight, but whatever we got was really good, especially the soup!!!  We also enjoyed the Peruvian Rose wine... surprisingly delicious!
The service was fine.  We went on a Tuesday evening, so the place wasn't very busy.  I wonder what they have for dessert.  We were too full to get any dessert.
I definitely recommend giving it a try!
I cannot say I have ever eaten Peruvian food or maybe I just can't distinguish it from other Spanish influenced foods. I am not a fan of foods covered in thick sauces unless it is a curry, so I stuck to arroz con pollo, which leads me back to my first statement. I eat this dish when I go to Cuban restaurants, so I might not have gotten a true taste of Peru. Of course, I got a side of fried plantains, but for $4.50 I have received a more satisfying amount at other establishments. I can eat these sweet treats by the truckload, so I was rather disappointed. 

The arroz con pollo was delicious. My favorite item on the plate were the onions, in a citrus dressing, instead of the chicken or rice. I ended up eating all of it to refresh my palate after every bite of the rice. The chicken was moist, but a little on the bland side. The rice was really flavorful, but a little greasy. I would have also liked it if it came with a side of black beans, but it didn't. I guess I have always come to expect a plate to come with rice, beans, plantains, chicken and onions. 

The serving size was large. I packed half of it to take home. I would go back, but I will do my research so that I can claim to have an authentic experience next time.
Noticed many good reviews for this restaurant, so wanted to give it a try. The restaurant itself looks nice, although the interior plywood siding gives it an "unfinished" feeling that I wasn't very fond of.

Frankly, it just wasn't that spectacular for the price. Perhaps we ordered the wrong dishes.
My friend and I decided to check Mi Peru out for lunch today. It's a nice place and their service was pretty good. I haven't had too much experience with Peruvian food but I enjoyed my meal here. I wouldn't say it was amazing, but it was tasty. I had the Estofado de Pollo, which is chicken stewed in tomato sauce with potatoes, and it comes with some steamed rice. My friend had the Seco de Carne, which is stewed beef in a cilantro sauce, served with potatoes, rice and beans. I tried the beef and it was VERY tender. The flavor was also pretty good. The portions are pretty big, so we didn't have room for dessert.
If you have been to Peru and love the food - you WILL love this place too! The flavor of the meats are delicious. You will not be disappointed. For a real peruvian meal experience order either Inka Cola or Chicha Morada as your beverage. For appetizer, order the papa a la huancaina. If you like raw fish, get the ceviche de pescado too! They have a website with picture and the menu in case you want to explore more. If you are a meat and potatoes fan - you will love peruvian food. I enjoyed the pollo saltado and anticucho de pollo or lomo. You will want to go again and again!
I probably never would have tried Mi Peru had it not been for Groupon. It's on the other side of town, and I had never heard of it before. Fortunately, Groupon came along and helped introduce us.

For an appetizer we had causa de tuna which was consisted of tuna salad, mashed potatoes, and a hard boiled egg. I never would have thought to pair tuna and mashed potatoes, but it was surprisingly good.

I had a Cusquena (Peruvian beer) to wash it down. It was pretty good.

For our entrees we had tallarin saltado (chicken and spaghetti) and the anticucho combo (chicken breast, beef tenderloin, and beef heart kabobs). Both meals were very good. I preferred the tallarin saltado since it was a little more unique.

As a side dish we ordered canchita (deep fried corn). It was basically like corn nuts with a tasty sauce. I liked it quite a bit.

While Mi Peru is kinda far from us, I'll probably go back. The food was very good an unique.
I was working in Henderson for a few months and happened to find Mi Peru via Yelp and by a local Peruvian co-worker's recommendation. I was hooked after my first meal and made a point of eating there at least once a week during my extended stay. 
The restaurant is decorated in simple but good taste. It is a small family owned restaurant. Cleanliness is key for me and I always checkout the restrooms of where I dine - that always give you a good idea of what the sanitation practices of a place. The restaurant was clean and pleasant overall. 
The star of place is definitely the food. In my multiple visits, there was nothing that I could say I didn't like. I am the type of person who tries to stay away from restaurants that are "Americanized" to suit locals' taste buds. I love the flavors authentic ethnic cuisines have to offer and Mi Peru definitely does a great job of this. 
I make a point of visiting a Peruvian restaurant when I find one in whatever city I am in, and Mi Peru is one I can't stop talking about. The quality and the affordable price of the "Tiradito". This is a raw fish dish similar to sashimi, but differs from ceviche in the cut of the fish and lack of onions. It is typically served with sweet potato and corn with a citrus sauce. The tiradito is a must have. The second dish I love from Mi Peru is the "Causa" - made with mashed potatoes, canned tuna, hard boiled egg, avocado and lime juice. I would have never tried it from just reading the description on the menu but tried it since my friend had highly recommended. It was delicious. The way the flavors blended together was surprising. I made sure to order this as often as possible as well. 
I tried the lomo saltado, the choros a la criolla, pollo a la brasa, ceviche and the arroz con pollo when I was with a larger group. You just couldn't go wrong with any of these dishes. 
The next time I am in Vegas, I will make sure to dine in Mi Peru again even if it out of the way. Mi Peru now the restaurant I compare all Peruvian restaurants to.
I came in for dinner yesterday.. I had the Arroz con Pollo and it was the BOMB! i hadn't had chicken in a while and the flavors were right on and it wasnt greasy or dry.
my fam that i was with enjoyed there food although they was some confusion with the menu. 
My fam said the steak was a little dry but they are picky but IDK for sure.

The ingredients were fresh and the flavors were amazing!

Peruvian Beer is good.. I only took a sip of both options.

If u want to drink something other than soda or water  The Purple Drink is 
good.  (made there fresh takes 4 hours.)
The food has been great every time! The ambiance is okay, and the large windows with hard flooring makes temperature control a little card ( hot in summer, and cold in winter)  but the food and service make up for it. I would recommend trying anything on the menu, so far I haven't found anything I didn't like.
Having been living off dennys and fast food for 3 days I was dying for something to curb my foodie cravings. I found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try. I like Peruvian food and was hoping it was as good as the place I go to back home. 

Well, I came here for lunch at around 2pm and the place was empty. never a good sign. We sat down and got menus and the prices were shocking. Plates ran anywhere from $11 to $16. No way am I going to pay that much for Peruvian food at lunch time. And they only have Pollo ala Brasa after 4pm?? thats that all about? needless to say I left without eating.
I want to give this place six stars because it's so good, but I apparently don't have that option. Sucks. 

I love this place, guys. I really do. They have really good food here, and it's truly the best Peruvian food I've had in Las Vegas, on par with El Rocoto in California. Not only that, but it's nice to go to a Peruvian place that has a real restaurant feel to it - some Peruvian places are a little bit more dumpy, where this place is really dressed up. Win for this place, my friends. But I won't bore you with details of the decor (it's tasteful), the staff (friendly and polite), or parking (plentiful!). Let's talk food. 

The food here is great. That's all there is to it. Please, please, please listen to me when I recommend that you get the jalea for your party. Trust me. It's so good it'll knock your socks off. Plus, the dish is huge! I order that just so that my date/family/whomever-I'm-eating-with eats that and leaves my plate alone. Plus, the red diced onions?! I could eat those as a dish. 

Whatever you eat, you need to drink chicha. It's a purple maiz drink, which makes it sound gross. Except it's the exact opposite of gross! It's an epic win! If you're not feeling that adventurous, try the Inca Kola. My non-Peruvian friends tell me it tastes like bubblegum, though I say it tastes like happiness. Also, try the lucuma ice cream. I really have no way of telling you how good this is, other than to tell you it's amazing. 

Everything here is good. The lomo saltado, ceviche, jalea... everything. It's really good food! I'm trying to think of more things to say that will tell you how good it is, but I can't. Because my work schedule was nuts for a while, I haven't been here in forever. I need to come back here soon, so you'll probably see me here when you come!
So I ate here one time with a group of my friends who had just returned from a trip to Peru.  I had their chicken fried rice, which was tasty, and it looked good, and it was really quite fine, but nothing spectacular.  The server was very nice and split our bill up for us which was nice since it was a group of 10.  He didn't even add gratuity on which was kind of surprising, although of the pleasant variety.  My friends all enjoyed their meals, and the arroz con pollo my friend had looked and smelled good too.  On the whole, I was happy with the meal and the service, but I doubt I'll be back here any time soon unless I'm in this part of town.
ohh God this food is awesome!! this restaurant is totally the best peruvian restaurant in vegas!!, in Nevada!! i tried lomo saltado, my favorite dish, it tasted like heaven, since I moved from california, I've been searching for a really good peruvian restaurant, thanks God I found u guys.
A while back I bought a Groupon for Mi Peru because I've never tried Peruvian food before.  And boy am I glad I did!  This place is homey and quaint but don't let that fool you, their food is superb.  I tried the deep fried yucca root, which ended up tasting pretty close to a french fry, and their house specialty Seco de Carne- a pot roast type of dish that was absolutely delicious!  My parents both enjoyed their meals fully, each of them tried a different type of kabob.  I will definitely be heading back soon to try out their other specialties!
Fantastic place! Simple yet lovely decor, very welcoming... 

We went here for a friend's birthday gathering and everyone at the table would probably give their dish 4-5 stars. The food here is absolutely fantastic... very authentic and hearty. The portions are ideal and there is something on the menu for everyone. 

The server recommended an amazing dish for me and was attentive the entire time we were there. I had the fried fish with shrimp sauce and rice but was also able to try their steak, rice, beef skewers, and variety of seafood. Needless to say, I enjoyed every bite :). I highly recommend going here and we will definitely be back!
We are going back on Friday!!!!

So after trying Peruvian food for the first time in San Bernardino Ca at (El Rico Pollo) The food was amazedly delicious! I couldn't wait to get back home and look for a peruvian restaurant in my home town Las Vegas. So after reading a few reviews I found "Mi Peru" and all I kept thinking oh please let the ceviche de pescado taste the same from the other place I first went to and it did! All the flavors were the same except that the other place it was much spicier and I LOVE spicy food. Maybe I can request it much spicier when I am there Friday. The food and the service was excellent!! Btw our waiter had the most Beautiful eyes! :P
Always great service and great food here.  It is all cooked to order so it is always fresh.  We have never hadba bad meal or bad service here.  The prices are reasonable as well.
Over the past 6 months my wife and I have tried just about every dish on the menu and we've liked them all! It's great having a restaurant like this in Henderson. We usually start with papas a la huancaina and go from there!
I've been here about 6 times now, and everytime has been a great experience. The staff were friendly and made several recommendations, even explaining the regional origins of several dishes. The food is high quality, and worth the price. I know many of the ingredients are costly to order for this establishment, which is what makes it so good and fresh. I have had many of the beef dishes, chicken, and others and every one has been excellent! Go visit, you won't be sorry! 

To the owners- Keep up the good work and quality of your food!
When you walk in, you feel like you are walking into the humid rain forests of Peru, but that's because their air conditioning is not working or is off LOL!  Today, my friend and I came to Mi Peru for our lunch.  

Ambiance- I haven't been to Peru but I think this restaurant embodies what I would expect to see in Peru. Lots of wood carvings, Latin prints and what seemed like an Alpaca fur rug. One of their walls is made of ply wood with its original "Home Depot" stamping...how vintage! LOL Their bathrooms are single stall bathrooms and seems clean enough.  They have a couple of TVs playing the game and the servers are dressed in black button downs and slacks with a long apron. 

Food- I ordered the chicharrones for $11.95.  As stated on the menu, it's a traditional Peruvian dish, crispy and tender pork chunks. Served with salsa criolla and yams, which I've substituted with rice.  I could tell the rice was cooked in some kind of broth, because there was a lot of flavor.  The chunks of pork was super tender and was really marbleized.  I think that's a really good thing!  I also think they used cumin because there was a smokey taste to it.  Wasn't a lot of salt so I added some.  Later I discovered that the salsa, a combo of red onions and tomatoes, was to be eaten together and brought an insane combination with the pork.  My friend who had the yams instead of the rice seemed to really enjoy it as well.  

All in all, the server was really pleasant and very efficient since we told him we were on our lunch break.  I had a great first impression of the place and will be returning to Mi Peru to try other dishes :)
I took advantage of a leisure trip to Vegas and decided to try out this place on a nice sunday afternoon before going back to California. My party was of 4 people so our mad peruvian food feast started in a matter of minutes once we sat down lol

The dining room is decked out with nice Peruvian art work and paintings while the menu offers lots of fish, seafood, beef, chicken, pasta and vegetarian dishes, all made with Peruvian passion. Although they have some marvelous authentic appetizers, I decided to concentrate on the unique and adventurous entrees.  Our first two dishes were the Lomo Saltado, strips of lean top sirloin steak sautéed with tangy soy vinegar sauce with red onions, tomatoes, cilantro and French fries, and served with steamed white rice. This dish is all about flavors and textures and was very good and exquisite. The next dish is a meat lover's dream dish, the Parrillada Combo for up to 4 people. This platter consisted of wold-class and delicious Pollo a la brasa (rotisserie chicken), steak, 3 skewers of Anticuchos (beef hearts) along with fries and a salad. This parrillada combo was really exquisite and full of flavor, everything perfectly cooked and seasoned. To drink, we asked Cuzqueña beers which is the national beer for peruvians and it was just great! We ended our peruvian food feast with some Lucuma ice cream, really delicious! a must-have for ice cream lovers! :D
The staff is friendly and the service is fast. Loved the fact that they had LCD screens showing some international soccer games.. This place rocks and I can't wait to come back and try more dishes.. 5 solid stars *****
I can't even tell you how wonderful the peruvian cuisine is here. Actually, I can. I went to this place because I live very close by. I didn't expect much when walking in. Decor is cool, but it was not busy at all which worried me. We asked the waiter what his fave dish was and he said the Lomo Saltado. I ordered it and fell in love the minute the food touched my lips. It's quality beef strips, sauteed with white onions and sliced tomoatoes. It is cooked in a vinegar/beer marinade and tossed with french fries. My husband got the Milanesa. It is breaded steak with a side of a beautiful pesto pasta. We haven't tried any seafood here but that happens to be one of their specialties. This place is perfect for a date night, or bringing family to for a night of great food.
I was originally very nervous coming here due to the fact that my boyfriend loves to horrify me about peruvians eating guinea pig.  
However... for my more conservative people out there ...do not be afraid. 

I was completely blown away with how awesome everything was. Sure ...certain entrees cost a little more... around 20.  But the amount of food they give you is insane. Its like ordering two orders at a normal place. The rest of the menu is completely within range of normal food prices.

I had beef kabobs and my boyfriend had a giant seafood platter. Everything was cooked to perfection and the quality was amazing. Love that the food is spiced well, different, and tasty.  They have healthier options as well as fried stuff when youre in the mood to be a fatty. 

The place itself is really welcoming. We showed up 10 minutes before closing and the staff were really nice and did not make us feel like an obligation. They gave us things to snack on while we waited for our take out and had some beers. I never once felt rushed. Even though we showed up 10 minutes before closing on a monday, the food was made to order and did not taste like we'd been given the leftover scraps of the day. 

I Cant wait to try other things on the menu!!

Seriously. GO HERE
Great food, good beer. It was really nice to have South American food while staying here in Henderson, it tasted almost just like when I was in Peru. Only complaint here would be the check that took a little long to get to the table.
My brother took the whole family to eat here n all I could say I've tasted better food. The food was alright nothing to be amazed about I rather eat my step-dads food which he cooks some good Cuban food. Wouldn't bother coming here again.
Holy corn kernel, Batman!  They must import special (heirloom?) varieties of corn with giant chewy kernels that is served as an appetizer with a delicious dip.  We've eaten here small handful of times and have had decent experiences.  First, Peruvian food in general is pretty heavy on meats, beware vegetarians.

The style of the food is pretty simple, some chicken/fish/meat, stewed in tomatoes (of sorts), and often over rice.  My experiences with the chicken have been moist and relatively flavorful, but pretty tame on the spice.

The flavors are interesting in the Pescado con salsa de camarones (fried fillet of tilapia-esque fish, with a tomato based shrimp sauce).  It was light and pleasant.

Estofado de Pollo.  This is a chicken stewed in tomato sauce and Peruvian spices and served with steamed rice.  It was a pleasant, simple flavor, reminding me of home cooking.

I have had the cevice a couple of times, sometimes limey and delicious, others it has been a bit "off".  

Overall, the flavors are often subtle, good, and reminiscent of general purpose comfort foods.  the style is not hot, punch you in the face spicy like Thai and Indian cuisine, but hearty and soothing.  It's not my favorite style of food (I like my flavors a bit more bold), but good for a change every now and then.
The food was "OK". It has great reviews so we decided to try it out. We had some tuna with mash potatoe appetizer sprinkled with raw onions and a green sauce.  That was good! The steak and plantains were pretty greasy and it actually made my stomach hurt for a couple days. I don't think I'd recommend this just cause if the grease but if you can handle it then it's a must try.
I've been trying to find the right combination of platters for a perfect Peruvian meal. The last feeding that took place was "great success"!

We start right off the bat with fish ceviche, mussels, and a side order of cilantro rice.  The ceviche and mussels are always on point.  The fish ceviche had a perfect acidic marinade to it. The tomato and onion garnish was always refreshing everytime I inhaled a mussel. The cilantro rice combos well with these two appetizers. I can easily get full off of these orders.

I always get the beef kabobs. They are always tender.  Whatever they marinate the kabobs in, tends to make it a tad bit salty. I think it's supposed to be on the salty side.  Whatever it is, it makes me keep ordering it whenever I'm feeding there. I'd like to order something else, but those damn kabobs man...

Great Success!!!
Super friendly service of beautifully crafted delicious creations. 

Fried corn and yucca with a spicy cilantro sauce will keep your taste buds buzzing while you peruse a wide selection of sea meats, chickens, and beef while sipping on frosted mugs of crystal or cusqueña. There's a nice variety of SouthAmerican wines, too and sangría if your palate so desires. 

The pollo saltado (tried by rec of another yelper) is exquisite. Onions, peppers, chicken (or beef) sautéed to tender warm richness in a hearty sauce. Order it with tacu tacu (fried rice w beans) or have it as made w fries and steamed rice. The spices are warm rich and filling but not hot spicy. 

Homemade desserts including passion fruit pie are a great end to a tasty meal. 

Can't wait to go back! This place definitely gets my badge... Amazeballs!
This was much less than I expected as far as atmosphere, but exceed on flavor. It is a small mom and pop, with posters on the wall and hard wooden chairs. That said, the food was delicious!. Lacking in presentation, but full on flavor. I had the kabobs. Gave the beef heart to my friend and I had the chicken and beef tenderloin. Sooo tender, and full of a slow cooked flavor I can't fully describe. Out of this world. The side dishes need improvement, I got 1.5 boiled potatoes, and some hard white beans. But I will go back for that meat again. My friends all enjoyed their dinners as well.
3.75 stars based on a single visit. I loved the traditional chicken soup (note to self: order one for the whole table, or make it your meal) and the special stew (sorry, forgot the name) was really yummy. Everything was well flavored and the staff was friendly and courteous. I would definitely go back to this place...
My husband and I went for the first time the other night and this place was awesome! The food was very tasty!  Service was good. Wait time for food not bad. We went on a week night so there were not that many people. Definitely going here again!!
I can't even describe how wonderful their food is. Everything is fresh, made to order, and bursting with flavor. I have tried three dishes here, and they all have been spectacular. 

1. Tallarines Verdes- Breaded steak and pesto spaghetti sprinkled with parmesan cheese.  I am not sure this is considered Peruvian, since my Italian grandparents used to make this dish. However, the pasta is cooked perfectly and the meat is seasoned to perfection. No salt needed! 
2. Loma Saltado- Tender beef strips sautéed with tomatoes, onions, and French fries -served over steamed rice.  Oh man, this dish is so tasty. The meat is not fatty, tender, and melts in your mouth. The sauce this dish comes with complements each flavor and soaks in to the delicious pile of rice.  This dish is a must try!
3. Seco de carne- Beef stewed in cilantro and Peruvian spices, rice, potatoes, peas, and carrots. If I could have one meal for the rest of my life -this would be it.  The beef is slow cooked and falls apart with your fork. I almost passed out when I tried this dish. Food can't possibly this good- can it? Yes! 

What I like most about his restaurant, is that it doesn't know how good it is. In other words, they are continually trying to improve on perfection with their meals. They are not cutting corners!  The qualities of meat they use are top notch, and the portions are substantial. Prices are moderate, as you can expect to pay 15-20 per entrée.  The place also does well as a takeout option. Last time I got food to go, it was still piping hot when I got home (15 minutes later). 

I love it here, and wish everyone in Las Vegas would give this place a try. If you have never had Peruvian food--this is the place to go.
Ordered take-out today and I was very disappointed for various reasons:

1. SLOW SERVICE.
When I came to pick up the food, the restaurant was stark empty. It had been 20 minutes since I phoned in the order but the food wasn't ready yet. Did I mention the restaurant was stark empty?
2. WRONG ORDER
Then, I got home and opened the to go box and lo and behold it was the wrong order! I had ordered the lomo saltado (beef dish) and they ended up giving me a chicken and rice dish. It should have at least been within the same species! 
3. UNDERCOOKED CHICKEN
So I'm already annoyed that they gave me the wrong order. But then we cut into the chicken and the damn thing is bleeding. 
4. TERRIBLE AJI SAUCE
Did anyone at the restaurant taste test the sauce? It wasn't even "salty" I was literally eating a pile of salt stirred into cream. 
5. MY OTHER ORDER THEY MANAGED TO GET RIGHT: AGUADITO CON POLLOS
This is the description on the menu: "a classic soup made of chicken thighs with cilantro, rice, diced potatoes, vegetables and peruvian spices." Well there was some chicken thighs, 1/2 of a potato, few slices of carrot, and the broth did not tantalize me with the supposed peruvian spices. $10 soup, common now!

I've eaten here, on site and take-out, about 5 times and each experience was a shaky 3 stars for me. Eeks, now they've really made it hard for me to go back!
I am a big fan of Peruvian food.  My description of it would be Asian/Latin fusion - both of which I love. Our group started off with ceviche (little chunks of white fish marinated in lime sauce), Choros a la Criolla (mussels), and Tiradito (carpaccio style fish in lime sauce).  All of it was really delicious.  I just love the lime sauce with the fresh seafood.  As my friend stated, she could just eat the ceviche all day long every day - and it's healthy!

I ordered the beef tallarin saltado - which is this noodle dish.  At Mi Peru, the noodles are like spaghetti noodles, but it's tossed with tomatoes, beef, onions, and this very light and flavorful brown sauce. It's my favorite Peruvian dish, but I prefer it from Little Dumplings on Eastern.  I usually order the Chauffa special (combination fried rice) but I was just too full already from the apps that I decided to skip it.

Both the service and food are stellar so I am always confused as to why it's so dead every time I go.  Someone said maybe they need to market better.  Either way, I highly recommend to anyone to give it a try because Peruvian is the BOMB!

Though I like the food from Little Dumplings just a little bit more, Mi Peru definitely wins in the decor, service and ambiance section.  The restaurant is very cute and romantic.  This would be a great date spot.  They also serve alchohol, which I don't think Little Dumplings does.
NOM NOM NOM. Whenever we come here, the first two things we order is the fish ceviche and the mussels! The ceviche is perfectly limey and sour and delicious and the mussels have this awesome pico type garnish on top of them!  SOOOO good! I really don't need to eat ANYTHING else when I come here as this is thje main reason I come here! Those two items are a MUST TRY!
I was very surprised when I walked in here.  

It's tucked into the back of a quiet and clean strip mall, so I wasn't expecting something with this much personality and flavor.

I've never been to Peru, or any of South America, for that matter.  But I've had a great meal before, and you can find it here.  The tastes were brilliant, and the food was fresh and interesting.

The Chicarones (fried and grilled pork) just melted right on your tongue, and its fatty delicious goodness reminded you that yes there is a god, he is good, and he blesses us with good food like this.

They've got South American beers and all sorts of region specific things to order.  A friend of mine ordered the purple corn drink, which was similar to Horchata without the milk.  

Whatever the context, you can be sure that if you find your way here you'll leave satisfied, and if you're like me and haven't tried this type of food before - you'll leave a new fan.
First, the positive: the shrimp ceviche was the best I've had in Las Vegas - hands down. Amazing. The cilantro chicken dish I tried was also very good. 

The not-quite-so-positive: my wife's steak was overcooked and bland. Also, with an shared appetizer and entree each, it quickly turned into a $55 lunch - and we don't even drink. 

Next time I think I'll just order the appetizer as my meal and I will be a happy camper!
We went in here again last night for dinner, and once again, I was surprised to see it so dead.  There were maybe 2 other tables the entire time we were there.  It's so cute, the service is great, and best of all, the food is amazing.

We ordered the ceviche and this tuna thing.  OMG, the tuna thing is melt in your mouth delicious.  The ceviche, as always, was on point.  This is really the best ceviche I've ever had from any restaurant.  

Next came the combo anticuchos with shrimp instead of beef hearts because...well, I'm just not into beef hearts.  We also ordered the lomo tallarin saltado but this time it came with the wider fettucini style noodles instead of the spaghetti style noodles.  I'm not sure why, but this makes such a huge difference in this dish.  It was so good!  I daresay it's on par with Little Dumplings now.  The last dish we got was the Chauffa Esecial - Peruvian fried rice.  So good!

They had a special on a bottle of Gauchos Malbec, which tasted exactly as it was described to us.  It was the perfect pairing for the perfect meal.  Mi Peru is a true hidden gem and I hope more people get attuned to it because it would be a shame if it closed down.
Just had lunch here and it was good. Empty, but good. Had cevice pescador, fresh fish and large portion. Service was good as it should have been after all, I was the only one there.
tWe tried this place on a whim on a Monday night. And we arrived pretty late. But the wait staff were still accommodating. We ordered the green muscle ceviche app, the pescado sudado, and some extra cilantro rice. I can honestly say that it was one of my best meals in Vegas and I've been a lot of places including the high end joints. The muscles were fresh and the marinade they were in was light and perfectly balanced. The fish was incredible...light, succulent and melted in your mouth with an amazing sauce that went perfectly with both the plain and cilantro rice. This may be my new favorite place. For the quality the prices are more than fair. I can't wait to go back.
i am Peruvian, so i am picky about the Peruvian restaurants i go to. i came here a few weeks back and it was pretty good. the portions were decent enough to share with another person as well. i had the aji de gallina and ceviche mixto. the ceviche was AMAZING and it had pure, authentic flavor. the aji de gallina was ok but it was lacking some spice and authentic flavor. i was kinda upset when i ordered lucuma ice cream and they were out =[, only thing they had was mini alfajores, which were pretty good as well.
 I gave it four stars because the service was fast, the staff was super friendly, and the food was enjoyable. 
only downfall of the place is that the food is a bit overpriced.
spice up the food a bit more, and it would be almost perfect.
ill most likely come back for more food and to try out their other dishes.
This was the first place I ate in Vegas when I arrived this summer and it just happened to be across the street from where I'm staying--Awesome. I've had Peruvian before, at a couple places in LA including Mario's. But this place was way more memorable: 

Food: I ordered the 1/2 chicken while my roommates go varieties of pollo saltado and fried rice. The portions were huge! At least 1.5 servings of food per person, the only reason we were able to finish was because everything tasted so good. My chicken was cooked perfectly with the right amount of crisp and it was still juice, it even came with fries! My entire group thoroughly enjoyed their food. But the main kicker was the...

SAUCE! I can't take too much heat even though I'm Korean, but the two sauces they passed out were super addicting despite how spicy they were. If the waitress serves just one sauce, ASK FOR THE OTHER ONE! One of my roommates actually asked her if they sold bottles, it's that good. 

Environment was your typical mom & pop shop, I'm assuming it's family owned. Food was awesome with great flavor, waitress was really patient with us and helped us navigate the menu, and I'll definitely be back for that sauce. 

Highly recommend!
After living two years in Peru, I always like scouting out Peruvian restaurants wherever i travel. This place was one of the best and most authentic i have tried. We are going back. We have tried the Tallarines Verdes, Aji de Gallina, Bistec a lo Pobre, and the Causa and it was all delicious
I've had my share of Peruvian places in California, but this place is pretty good! 

We ordered the Lomo Saltado which didn't disappoint, side of plantains which I always have to get, and arroz con mariscos. 

I would come back.
We went here on a recommendation and was very happy! ! I got the arroz con mariscos and my bf got a breaded beef with pesto pasta. Both were delicious. The service was very friendly too w/o being overly friendly!!
Fantastic dinner at Mi Peru.  The food came quickly and was very easy to share, family style.  We had ceviche, soup, fried yucca, and rotisserie chicken, along with the sweet corn drink.  All was delicious.  Staff was very friendly.
This place is amazing!!! The flavors, the spices...it's so incredibly delicious! Peruvian cuisine is so tasty. My gf got the mixed meat rice dish and I got the seco de carne... Both were huge portions and every bite was perfection. The green sauce they make is addictive - spicy, garlicky, and all goodness. The prices are totally good & we had our leftovers for breakfast the next day!! Totally coming back for more.
The food here is fun and unique - plus yummy!  The whole family liked what we ordered.  I had fried pork and yams my girls both loved the chicken and steak with rice and a soy sauce - I definitely felt like I was back in South America.

I was surprised at how quite it was but as it got later, more customers strolled in.  I think the restaurant must get busier as it gets later in the evening.  

Looking for something unique but easy to get in and out?  Try Mi Peru.
Went to eat there this evening and was shocked to see the entire place empty after reading rave reviews! I ordered the green mussels to start which tastes ok, I mean they were stuck to the shell and the excess garnish was a bit much. Then came that famous pollo! I was shocked because it didn't taste flavorful at all but more like they had cooked it with pork! Fried plantains were alright I think overall the french fries were the highlight. A small group showed on the way out and a single guy. Im not going to go there again , not worth +$45.
Excellent food if you see the beef heart kabobs on the menu I suggest ordering them atmosphere friendliness service all 5 stars!
This place had the best civiche I have had the pleasure of tasting. The owner was friendly and made sure we were comfortable . Location is a bit hidden but worth finding. I also had the aji de gallina and it was delicious.

Next time I'm in Henderson i will stop by again!!
While vacationing in Vegas I decided to stop here before coming back home.  As a Peruvian am always questionable if the food is going to be good.  This place shut me the heck up!!! HA! the Ceviche was so good! with the sweet potato warm just like they serve it in Peru.  I also had the pescado sudado ... VERY GOOD! the owner was super nice and I will stop here every time I go to Vegas! DELICIOUS!
Amazeballs Ceviche! We'll be going back especially for the ceviche. 

Beware of the prices... The beer and wine prices (at least the Peruvian) weren't on the menu, not that that was the only factor to the price. But with tip out bill was over $100 for two entree's, 1 beer, 2 wines and the ceviche... didn't see that coming. 

We've driven past this place too many times to count but finally tried it. Very glad we did but we didn't see the check coming in so high. Beyond that the food was great! We were the only people in there at 6pm on week night. We'll be back for sure
Meh. I'm kinda surprised that Mi Peru has such high ratings! It was my first time trying Peruvian food and I'm still a little undecided about it.

FOOD:
- lomo saltado (but with fish!) - I don't eat beef so we asked to substitute it with fish and they did! This was very very good and HUGE portions!
- chauffa de pollo - this basically tasted like chicken fried rice. Quite disappointed in this. We ended up combining both dishes to make our own! :)

SERVICE: Extremely friendly! Mi Peru was SO DEAD when we came here on a Friday night. There were two other couples eating but it was very very quiet. There seemed to only be one lady but she came to check in on us several times and was very friendly and nice.

I'd definitely give Peruvian food another try but not sure if it will be back at Mi Peru.
Best Ceviche & chicha Morada outside of Peru.  Ceviche is very fresh just like the costal towns in Peru. I travel a lot and I can say we are very lucky to have a restaurant of this Caliber in Las Vegas. None of the top notch restaurants in the strip that serve ceviche come close to freshness, taste and authenticity of this establishment. Their chicha Morada is homemade and it blows other similar drinks to pieces.  I always passed by this restaurant and was reluctant to try it at first since the shopping center it is located is large and secluded.  I now regret why I did not try this restaurant earlier. Don't make the mistake I made....you may regret it!
We were pretty impressed with the food.  We split the ceviche (YUM) appetizer.  Perfectly tangy and flavorful.  I had seco de carne... the beef was moist and tender, and the vegetables, beans and rice were a great compliment.  He had the anticuchos combo, and the meat tasted right off the grill.
We do think it's a little overpriced for the area and what you get, but it was a good meal and good service.  The music is Peruvian, but the pan flute gets a little tiresome after 45 minutes or so.  Will definitely come here again for a special occasion.
Pretty good peruvian food. Kinda on the pricy side. But still good. Only negative thing I can say is ... Shame on you for using white onions!
So, I was in Vegas again and decided to try it again.  The ceviche was still GOOD.  Not as good as the first time but it was good.  The waitress forgot to bring an appetizer and brought me something else that I didn't order... :/ I still ate it... because I was too hungry to wait for what I originally ordered.  They had no bread at the start of my meal so I was very hungry... the wait was long.  Next time am in town I will give it another try... the food is still good just think the waitress/waiter should be a bit more attentive.
Excellent food and customer service. The food is authentic and delicious. The place is very clean and child friendly! The service is excellent and the food came out hot and quick. Lomo Saltado, papa la huancaina- oh my gosh!!! I never want to leave.
Fantastic food.  My husband I are always up for new experiences for food.  We stumbled across this place and love the Peruvian food.  The service was great the pricing was moderate.  Beef Hearts were incredible.  There canned Peruviab Cola tastes like bubble gum.  It was delicious.
After a day on the road on our way to Las Vegas we wanted good food. We stopped at Mi Peru at 8:45 at night right before closing and they took us in. We had a delicious feast of chicken skewers (very delicious), fried rice, and more. We also ordered a family favorite, fried plantains! Not only was the food delicious, the service was excellent and the portions are large. Don't let the strip mall setting turn you off. Mi Peru is worth your effort.
We had been meaning to go to Mi Peru for a little while now and finally went last night. Upon walking in and being seated, we immediately loved the local business feel of the restaurant. Both our hostess and out waiter were very friendly and giving it their all to every table. 

My husband and I really enjoyed our meals here as well. My only note is that my dish could have used more chicken, but it didn't detract. In the flavor profiles, you really get a sense that Mi Peru must get a lot of ingredients flown in because you wouldn't just find those flavors here. Mi Peru is definitely worth checking out. We will be back for sure.
Terrible customer service by waiter "Rosalba". I went in with my family for pollo a la brasa and wished we had gone somewhere else. First of all, Rosalba said they did not have pollo a la brasa and recommended that we try a different Peruvian restaurant. Huh? Why would you try to encourage your customers to go somewhere else? Obviously, Rosalba must not have felt like working. Every time we asked for something, she gave us an attitude. Very sad way to treat the customers.

Next, I asked for one of their domestic beers. Again, Rosalba said they did not have any domestic beers but "Cristal." So if you don't have pollo a la brasa or domestic beers, then don't put it on your menu!

We were very disappointed with the service so we decided we were not going to give a tip, little did we know Rosalba charged an 18% gratuity tip for a group of 5 adults. What?! Usually gratuity tips are for 6 or more. Rather than argue, we left and decided to never come back. Instead, I'm letting you know what to expect.

It's really such a shame for a restaurant to hire employees that make the restaurant look bad and discourage customers from wanting to come back. You have been warned.
Food here was quite excellent. We ordered several dishes and everyone loved what they had. The pricing is a bit expensive for a lunch, but portions overall were quite large. 

At the table, we ordered the following
Lomo saltado
Anticucho Combo
Tallarin Saltado
Arroz con Mariscos

Despite the good food, service was really slow in getting the food, and the server didn't come by that often. Considering we were the only table for the longest time, I'm not sure why it took that long for the food to come out.
Food was good, but OH MY LARD was it SLOOOOWW. This was on mother's day 2013 and the place was full and there was 1 server, 1 busser, and I bet 1 cook. We were there 2 hours! :( The server was nice and felt bad and gave us this dried up homany looking thing while we waited an hour for our food. At least when the food finally came it was good. But we will not return, which is too bad because we live close to here.
This food warms my soul....and I'm from the Midwest!   So delicious.   The ceviche was amazing. Who knew that serving it with a room temperature potato and yam would be such a delectable combo.   Our entrees were amazing, as well.   Ask for the special green sauce,  it's amazing over the rice.     Save room for the coconut flan.
We are already planning our next visit to Mi Peru.
Good food. It seems overpriced, but you get more than 1 full meal on your plate. If you box it up, you have at least a snack or more for later. The lomo soltado was good. The pork was a bit dry. Service was good, but there was only one other table.
Food was good. It was our first time here. We ordered Civeche for appetizer and I had Chaufa Rice for dinner. We will come back again and try other dishes.
This place has solid Peruvian food! The menu explains exactly what is in each dish, and the staff is very helpful if you have any questions.

Most dishes come with fries and a sauce. I cannot, for the life of me, remember what the green sauce is called but it is delicious! I had a breaded chicken breast, seasoned with rosemary, thyme, and a plethora of other herbs, and it was delicious. The fries were crispy, not soggy, and they have a wide selection of drinks from South America. 

If you are in the mood for something different, try this hidden gem in Henderson!
Our phones tried to take us in to a gated community, but we happened to find this place. The service was prompt without being intrusive and the recommendations were spot on. The green mussels are a must.
Contigo Peru is a Peruvian restaurant that recently opened up.  I would characterize it as a spot that is low on atmosphere but high on food.  I've never had Peruvian food before, and at the recommendation of my friend from Peru I went with the Ceviche de Pescado to get acquainted.  The food itself was great - it was prepared quickly and the presentation was great.

Ceviche is cooked fish that is served chilled - definitely not something I'm used to and it took some reassuring from my friend that it was safe to eat.  Once that initial shock passed, I really enjoyed it.  It was spiced with a unique hot sauce that can be added to taste.

The side dishes were two different types of corn from Peru as well - both of which added to the meal and left me satisfied.  All of this was washed down with an ice-cold Inca Cola which I had read about but never had before.

The restaurant is set up as a large, open room.  Not too much to look at, but nice and the Waitress / possibly owner / manager was really attentive and cracked a few jokes at my insistence on spicier food.

All in all I hope this place does well because it can be tough to find authentic South American food in the valley and Contigo Peru does a great job at that!
There are two Peruvian dishes I usually eat...and if they are not good, then you can assume the restraunt will follow. 

Lomo Saltado and Ceviche de Pescado...the hallmark of any Peruvian restaurant to be judged by. Fortunately, this restraunt hits the mark on both plates, I feel a little guilty because I usually frequent the other Peruvian restraunt in Mesa...Rincon Peruano. Contigo Peru is only 6 minutes from my house while Rincon Peruano is about 20 minutes away...with both plates almost indistinguishable, I would have to say Contigo Peru has to slight edge over Rincon Peruano....besides, it's super close to my house!!

Is it comperalbe to what I ate in Peru? Very much so. I will be back for more at least every pay check !!! I will not tell my dad about this place since he has become a friend to the cook at Rincon Peruano, but my family will eat here instead.
So after reading all the great reviews on yelp I was excited! I used to love the Peruvian place on Dobson/Warner next to C-Fu. They moved to Mesa, and then they closed down. I went to some other Peruvian place near by and for the first time I actually ate food from a restaurant that really want to make me gag. Ok going off tangent.... So here comes Contigo Peru. Fairly close to where I live and good reviews. The short version is, awful service on the part of OUR waitress and their food is mostly meh. 3 of us showed up at the restaurant and was seated promptly by a friendly staff. Ok so far so good.... Waited, and waited a bit before we get our menus. Waited, and waited a bit longer for the waitress to get our drink orders. BUT, she only took our drink orders and didn't ask if we wanted any starters. So we waited and waited some more and finally got our drinks and she asked if we want starters. We ordered the fried calamari. BUT, the waitress didn't ask if we are ready to order. So waited, and waited, and waited, finally I had to signal another waitress to get our waitress so we can orders in. We waited and waited and waited some more. I think about half an hour later, our calamari showed up. Oh yeah, looks like frozen calamari out of a bag. They where the little rings. No tentacles or anything. Heck, the calamari from Macaroni Grill was 10x better! Not only that, they were served with generic tartar sauce. The rings tasted like rubber bands. Chewy and tasteless. So we waited and waited some more and finally about another 30mins my gf's Pescado al Ajo came out. It's a battered a friend fish topped with butter and garlic. Smells good, looks good, but WTF are mine and my friend's dishes? Waited and waited and waited. Ok, do people not understand you serve all your dishes at a table at the same time? We are just joking about how Gordon Ramsey would be screaming and swearing back in the kitchen by now. So after a long wait, and after inquiring with the waitress, our dishes came out. I ordered the Lomo Saltado, and my friend ordered the  Tallarin Saltado de Carne, which essentially is just the same as my dish except with spaghetti instead of rice. My dish is a stirfry of fries (yes really fries you can get at the grocer's frozen section), onions, beef strips, and tomato in a soy sauce. This dish used to be my favorite. Well, all I can say is I have had much better and much flavorful than what I got. Just a note, it seems that Peruvian stir fry, they don't fully cook the veggies. Of all the places I have had this dish, the veggies are always half cooked. Just so people don't get surprised. Anyhow, their only saving grace was the fish. It was tender, flaky, and pretty good. Unfortunately, the breading for the fish was a soggy mush mess. But the fish itself was quite good. So this ENTIRE time, that waitress has not came by ONCE to check and see how we are doing. Thankfully the owner/manager (?) did once. From what we have observed, it seems that we just happen to got the worst waitress ever. Because the other waitress was attentive and people got their food fast. Heck, even people arrived after us and ordered after us got their food WAY before us with that better waitress. We suspect this particular waitress has no clue how to wait on tables and most likely messed up our order tickets or something. So....if your are lucky and got the good waitress, maybe you'll have a great experience. We....had no such luck. Consider their food is kinda meh compare to other Peruvian places I've tried, I think I'm going to pass on going back fearing to meet the inattentive waitress again. Honestly, she was really nice when she was present. She just needs to go to waitressing school or something.....
I love these kind of places. Very small, less than a dozen tables. The staff knows anything and everything about the food (cuz usually it runs in the family).

First you get this amazing salsa made of cilantro and this herb similar to mint. AMAZING. The service was great and the food came out fast. Maybe a little too fast. For desert, the cookie sounded great, but it really wasn't. We didn't see a price, but I am sure it was cheap. It is a very small butter cookie with caramel in the middle. Not that good. Next time, a different desert.
My wife and I used to go to Rincon Peruana for our Peruvian fix or she would just whip up some papa a la huancaina or lomo saltado herself (she grew up in Peru). Now that it is way over in Glendale we thought we would try this place. Well, we were disappointed. We called in a togo order tonight. The ceviche pescado was 1/3 the size and couple dollars more than Rincon Peruana's. It had good flavor, but it was very small in comparison. Considering that it is a simple cold cooked tilapia, I don't understand the need to be skimpy. We also got a whole pollo a la brasa which is supposed to be a seasoned rotisserie chicken. It looked right and the flavor was about right but it lacked that super tender fall off the bone quality that is the other hallmark of this dish. Texture was like that of baked chicken. It wasn't horrible. It just wasn't what it was supposed to be. Also, Contigo Peru is tight with their sauces and cancha cerrano. Cancha cerrano is like a toasted corn nut. Usually it is served in place of bread and butter. Our togo order did not include any and she would have charged us for some if we had not complained about the size of the ceviche. They were reluctant about giving usadditional aji verde and the pollo a la brasa sauce they provided for our whole order looked like the same amount needed for a single 1/4 size order, but we did not realize this until we got home. We miss our old place. One thing is for sure, you cannot go wrong with the chicha morada. Love this stuff!!! It is a textured  juice made from simmering purple corn with sugar and seasonings like star anise and cinnamon. This was the best part of our meal :)
I was excited to try another peruvian restaurant, I was visiting my sister in Gilbert and had a hard time finding a peruvian restaurant up in the Phoenix area. Contigo's location was easy to find, I was a little disappointed that there was no outside seating or alcoholic beverages but after speaking with the owner(who was also our waitress) I learned they had applied for their liquor license, so hopefully soon theyll have some Picso! I ordered the Papa A La Huancaina as an appetizer and was a bit disappointed, the portion size was GREAT but the flavor was a bit lacking compared to other Papa A La Huancaina's I have had. I then got the Seco De Carne Con Frijoles, it was wonderful! The portion size on that was also pretty big so I had some leftovers. They had Inca Kola so I give a big thumbs up there! I ordered the Alfajores for dessert and was again a bit disappointed, The Alfajores I know has a boiled sweetended condensed milk jam in the middle and this one had a caramal type jam, it was too sweet and not to my liking. I have to say though, the owner was VERY pleasant without being too chatty! The decor was very simple but that's not what I went for so I was ok with that! All in all, I'd say I would give it another chance and try something different!
After driving by it many times we finally got over to Contigo Peru today. Excellent all around. The place was fairly busy, but service was fast. All of the customers were speaking Spanish to the staff, so I took that as a good sign that people from the region of Peru were regulars. 

As someone else mentioned, the first thing you get is this salsa with bread. I could taste cilantro, mint and other great stuff in there. Super yummy. I wish I could buy it by the gallon.

My wife had a seafood dish, and we had a 1/4 baked chicken to share with our toodler, and I had another chicken dish (my apologies, I should have written down the names of everything). All was just wonderful. Our server was very helpful and spent some time helping us decide what to order.

The servings were a bit small for the price, and that is the only fault I could find. That said, it was enough food, so this is a small gripe. 

In all, I recommend this place and plan to visit again soon.
I'd say 4.5 stars. I'm definitely a fan but I don't have enough experience with Peruvian cuisine to know if it's as good as it gets. : )

I was first introduced to Peruvian food a week ago and have now been to Contigo Peru 3 times. From what I have come to learn, it is a natural fusion cuisine. There are large populations of different ethnic groups (some major ones being Chinese, Japanese and Italian) in Peru and those influences have all spilled over into the food of Peru. From what I understand, the cuisine of Peru is quite varied and the food served at Contigo Peru is primarily that of Lima.

The restaurant itself is great. It's clean and casual and the staff is amazingly nice. They were super helpful on every visit. I can't say enough about them. 

Over the course of our visits, we had:

Lomo Saltado - tender loin beef strips stir fried with onions, tomatoes & french fries served with rice. 

I understand this is a classic dish. I completely loved it. The stir fry is Chinese influence with tastes of soy sauce. It seemed like total comfort food, even bringing back memories of "chips & gravy" for the Oz folk and maybe even brings poutine to mind? It's kind of a carb fest but it's great. Easily accessible and super tasty. Not spicy at all. The kids loved it too. If you're new to Peruvian food, definitely a good place to start.

Saltado Contigo Peru - basically the same as loom saltado with shrimp. Also great.

Yuca con frita huancaina - slices of deep fried yucca root with a cheese and aji sauce.

First of all, aji here refers to peppers. This term is used all over the place. We enjoyed this but I don't know that we get the huancaina sauce yet. We ended up eating the yucca with aji (in this case referring to the spicy sauces/salsas on the table - more on that later). 

Ceviche de pescado / camarones - ceviche with fish and/or shrimp,  shaved onion, lettuce, yam, corn on the cob & dried corn kernels (called ganchas?). 

I loved these dishes. Sour and tasty but the thing that stood out most to me was the amazing contrast of textures. 

Causa - layers of mashed potatoes seasoned with lime juice & aji and a chicken salad layer in between.

Kind of a crazy dish. Surprising texture (soft all the way through) but I really liked it. I liked the hint of spice and the taste of lime with the potatoes.

Chaufa Contigo Peru - beef, chicken and shrimp fried rice.

Enjoyed this well though I didn't really see a great deviation from typical Chinese fried rice.

Pescado a lo Macho - fish fillet fried and covered with a spicy seafood sauce containing shrimp, scallops, calamari, mussels. Also some fried yucca slices.

This is a great dish. Super tasty with a bit of spice. One of the Heather's favorites.

Aji de Gallina - creamy yellow, spicy sauce, made with shredded chicken, ají amarillo (yellow chilis), cheese, milk, bread, and walnuts served with rice.

This was another great dish. It's actually not on the menu but I think they have it most Friday, Saturday, Sundays. Heather called it pure comfort food. Loved it, especially the subtle hint of spice. Think this will be a staple order. 

Anticuchos - skewers of beef heart marinated in Peruvian spices and grilled. Also comes with it's own spiciy sauce.

This is another special dish. It's not on the menu and only there on occasion. Since they had it, I had to try it and definitely enjoyed it. Not spicy without the sauce. The kids also liked it quite well.

Rotisserie chicken - killer rotisserie chicken.

I loved this especially with the aji (spicy sauces) on the table. There were two of these, red & green, with the red being a bit spicier and the green having more of a cilantro flavor. I became a huge fan of these immediately. The first visit, I was using pieces of bread as a vehicle for the sauce. For the 2nd & 3rd visits, we ordered the chicken which just went perfectly with the aji. We also used it quite liberally in many other ways (on the yucca, over the chaufa, etc.).

If there were a good Peruvian restaurant close to the house, the rotisserie chicken and aji would be a definite staple. Felt healthyish and so tasty.

Chica Morada - Peruvian purple corn drink made with pineapple rind, cinnamon, and clove and then mixed with sugar and lemon.

I had this every visit and will probably always do. I actually liked a bit diluted. Light and clean. You can also order it by the pitcher which seems the best deal if you have at least a couple people drinking it.

All in all, I'd say we didn't have a bad dish. Looking at the menu, it can seem like french fry overload but with a bit of consideration, it definitely doesn't have to be that.

I'm a big fan and will be back often.
This review gets a 5 star just on the chef himself. 

As I walk in, the lady that I believe owns the restaurant seats me, but is a little busy with some other tables.. I was taken back some since the chef noticed me and comes out of the kitchen and proceeds to help me out with the choices on the menu. No kitchen staff has actually ever given me personal recommendations on food, talk about awesome!! I ask him about the purple corn drink on the menu, so he gets a small sample of it for me. Kinda fruity, sweet, but not an overwhelm of sugar. So I ordered a glass of that.

As my eyes scan past the rotisserie chicken dish,  I asked him if I could get that, in which he says they only serve that Fri.-Sun. Damn. He then helps me pick out the Pollo Saltado (stirred fried chicken with fries).

They automatically bring a bun with a special spicy sauce with every meal, the sauce has the perfect spice to it. The dish itself was slightly oily, but was pretty good. Could have used a little more rice, but the whole thing was definitely an interesting and new taste for me.

Excellente!
Big fan of Peruvian food.  Contigo Peru did not disappoint.  The appetizers and main courses were all delicious and well portioned.  Service was excellent and helpful in navigating the menu.  Good value as well.  The only thing that wasn't very good was the flan.
Great food, friendly service. Perfect for lunch.
Delicious dishes with generous portions.  Their Peruvian purple corn drink, chica, is also delicious, and tastes a bit like hibiscus tea rather than a "corn drink".  We ate here on a Friday, and tried their roast chicken.  It was juicy, tender, flavored with herbs and roasted just right.  We had fish ceviche as an appetizer, and it was nicely piquant, marinated with citrus/lime flavor.  I tried some lomo saltado as well, and the beef was tender, and packed with flavor.  Service was friendly, but a bit slow.  I will definitely be dining here again!
We've never tried Peruvian food before tonight but I can say that we'll be having it VERY OFTEN from now on.  For anyone who hasn't tried it and not sure what to expect....it's different but very familiar at the same time.  

First of all, the staff was wonderful!  We went around 8:15pm on a Friday night and were greeted and waited on right away by a man and a woman who I believe were the owners.  I told them we'd never been there before and had never tried Peruvian food.  They were so helpful and friendly.  First off they gave us a sample of the PURPLE CORN DRINK and although it was very strange and unfamiliar to us, it was very good.  You'd never guess it was made of corn.  I loved it.  

Then we were ready to order our meals.  My boyfriend loves fish (me, not so much) but he steers away from fried foods.  The owner suggested he have the Pescado Sudado which is steamed fish fillet with onions, tomatoes and cilantro served with rice.  The owner said it's like a soup.  This dish was served first.  (And I'll say now that the only somewhat negative thing I can say about this place is that they will bring the dishes out as they're cooked. For us this meant my boyfriend's food was served to him quite a while before my food came.)  My boyfriend began eating his food and was loving it.  He kept insisting that I try it, but I'm not a fish lover.  I finally tried it and was amazed that it was even fish.  No fishy taste...it was delicious!  It had a delicious flavor that I've never tasted before and later I found out it was from the YUCCA ROOT that we thought were potatoes. So good. 

I ordered the Saltado Contigo Peru which is beef tenderloin strips, shrimp, tomatoes, onions and french fries all stir fried together. Sounds a bit odd, but it was very yummy.  Also served with white rice.  I also ordered Chaufa de Pollo which is Peruvian chicken fried rice.  The Chinese influence is very evident here.  Had a ginger flavor and was delicious.  

In summary....I loved the owners--very friendly and helpful.  I loved the casual, clean atmosphere.  The food---incredible!!  Fresh, delicious, generous portions.  I can't wait to go back.  And before it's all said and done I wanna try every dish on the menu....even the fish.
If you like Peruvian food you must try this place. I have probably visited every Peruvian restaurant in the Valley and I must say that this one is my favorite. I love food and I am constantly studying the gastronomy of each country I visit or I find interest in. So, Peruvian food happens to be one of my favorites (among Mexican and Indian). 

We happened to visit Contigo Peru because it was my sister's birthday and since she had already been there before and obviously liked, she decided to go there for her birthday too!! She also happens to know the owner Monica so that made it even more personal for us. 

As we walked in I liked the fact that we were greeted by the owner. The place was pretty much empty because the restaurant had just opened for the day. Right of the bat we decided to order and Iced Chicha Morada to drink (made by fermented blue corn). It was delicious!! 

Everything in the menu looked great. I always try to eat the following dishes on my first visit to any Peruvian Restaurant to determine how genuine it is. 

Ceviche de Pescado (Fish marinated Ceviche): Fresh fish marinated in lime juice and a blend of Peruvian spices. Garnished with yam, Peruvian corn on the cob, red onion and the famous cancha corn nuts (toasted corn). 

Chupe de Camarones: A delicious shrimp and milk based Peruvian chowder with a breaded fillet of fish on top. This is delicious!!! 

Chaufa de Mariscos (seafood paella): Fried rice with seafood. If you like Spanish Paella...this is the Peruvian style. It is awesome!!! 

Lomo Saltado: The super famous Peruvian sauteed tenderloin!! It is an Asian fused dish. You must try it. 

And as for dessert; you must try the Helado de Lucuma (traditional tropical fruit ice cream) and Crema Volteada (it is like a caramel custard with a more creamy consistency). 

The prices range between $10-11. Every bite its worth every penny. I highly recommend this place!!!
A big fat thumb's up for Contigo Peru!
Everything was delish-I ordered off of the appetizer menu. Causa-not what I expected but tasty. Actually, it was just as described now that I think about it. Chicken salad between two rounds of mashed potatoes. He got Pollo Saltado and downed it so fast, I didn't even see it. (We took it to go). We were hoping to try the rotisserie chicken but went on a Tuesday instead of Saturday or Sunday. 
Will definitely be back to try other items. I believe it was the owner who was so nice, especially when we told her it was our first time in. She offered us some of the purple corn drink-yummy-and made a point to describe what other patrons were ordering. Oh yes, she gave us sauces to go with our dinner-I really wish I remembered what they were called. Spicy enough without making my eyes water, and very flavorful!
The food was absolutely delicious.  This is seriously now one of my absolute favorites restaurants.  The man who helped us was amazing, and he kept telling us about different things that we should try and when we did, we were NOT disappointed.  The only problem (and reason that I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5) was that at the end of the dinner, another server started to yell at him and argued with him for about 20 minutes while we were still there as were other customers.  I would love to see this restaurant succeed so hopefully this isn't a regular occurrence.  I will re-rate after our next trip and hopefully there won't be any spats that customers have to listen to.
What a great restaurant! We tried numerous dishes and everything was excellent. 

The Causa was very good but it is a very filling appetizer. My Girlfriend ate a small amount and I ended up eating the rest. That made it hard to finish my whole meal. But I managed. 

We shared the Picante de Mariscos and the Picante de Camarones y Conchas. They are similar dishes but both had it's own unique taste. Both meals were wonderful and all of the seafood seemed very fresh.

I think I'm going for the Chaufa next time and I can't wait!
Delightful place!  Great staff and the food was a treat.  What a nice break from everyday fare.   Loved the chicken soup, the stir-fry beef(nice!) and the desserts were fun.  I will recommend this place to my friends and family.
Best Peruvian in town, possibly the best Peruvian food in Peru, I need to made the trip in order to compare. The Pescado Mixto was off the charts, it had 4 types of seafood in a lite spicy sauce that was extremely authentic. Ooooooo the plantains, do not leave without ordering a side of them. They are not overly fried and have the perfect amount of sweetness along with a perfect mix of crispy and soft texture. We also had their fried rice as a side dish which had a lite sauce that was flavorful enough to order it as a meal. Their Inca Cola looks Mountain Dew but tastes more like a Canadian Dry with a vanilla blend to it. I can't wait to go back.
I had never had Peruvian food before, but I had  a restaurant.com coupon for here, so myself and two friends decided to give it a try. From the moment we walked in the door we felt at home and very welcomed.  It seems that Peru was playing Mexico in soccer and they had that one two big screens, and you could see there were a few people eating just to watch the game but it wasn't nosy or sports bar like.

The restaurant itself isn't much to talk about; maybe 20 largish tables in a strip mall, the whole front is windows so it makes it very nice and bright in there. Very clean and open feeling. What I believe is the owner (male) and maybe daughter were so friendly, one we were seated gave us two types of hot sauce and bread, then followed with some toasted corn that I could not stop munching on. He suggested a Peruvian drink sort of like Mexican Tequila but made with grapes, it was yummy!!! Light and frothy with just the right kick to it.

For dinner we ordered 3 different things, sorry I can't remember the names but they should be easy to find, my first friend ordered beggars' steak, fries, sausage, plantains, yucca and two eggs with rice... LOL the owner said, "yours, BIG" my other friend got a yummy looking shrimp dish is what looked like a light lemon sauce owner said "yours, not so much".  I asked the owner to give me what he thought was their best. OMG was it ever. I got a fried fish fillet (think fish and chips) with shrimp and bay scallops in a yummy sauce with rice. It was amazing. I must admit I am not a fan of seafood at all but this was amazing. I will order it again and again.  My first friend said the hot sauces were perfect on the fries and the steak and even though he is usually a big eater he couldn't finish the whole thing. 

I will 100% go back here again, I say the chicken go by and it looked tasty and if my last dish wasn't so good I'd be tempted to get it, maybe I'll convince my friends too and steal some from them.
Tried this restaurant after a suggestion from one of my family member that was looking for Perusian restaurant in AZ. Finally we found this restaurant in the middle of busy district Mesa. We order some beef steak, the linguini pasta and seafood plates! All the food comes with either rice or fries and cassava or banana. It was EXCELLENT! The rice was so delicious, I even asked the owner how to cook it and she was very kind as she explains it and always checked on us if we were having a good time! I love this place and couldn't wait to try for something else!
So we walked in, there was no one there!
I wondered based off review why no one was there, but i love peruvian food, so didnt care. 
My wife had never had peruvian. She ordered the lomo saltado and loved it. 
I had the contigo de mariscos. Both were awesome. I recommend definitely. The staff was very friendly. The service perfect. 
We also got pisco sours which were great!
Highly recommend.
Great authentic peruvian food!!  I tried the Pescado Macho which was great.  The service was great.  Although its in a old shopping center building it was very clean.
It wasn't even busy, but for some reason or another, we had to  wait for 20 minutes before water was served then another 15 minutes for our order to be taken, The shrimp pasta dinner was good, but the potato appetizer was like runny warm potato salad. In summary, the service was horrible and the food was mediocre.  My friends and I won't be dining there ever again.
Went on the Yelp Deal $10 for $20 on a Sunday afternoon.  A bit of a drive as I live in Phoenix.   I ordered My Memory favorites:  the Peruvian drink Pisco Sour to start off with and Meal was Large Bowl of Milk based Seafood Soup "Chupe" with perfectly cooked Shrimp, 1 soft boiled egg and crowned with a Fried Fish Filet.  "Yes, Soup and a 110 degree day."   Not quite to the 5 star Category that I grew up with in Washington, DC at "El Chalon"  However,  I would go back to try other items.   Female Waitress, Perhaps Owner and Son were Friendly.  Other Diners Food looked delicious also.
*WARNING* VERY POOR VALUE

I've never posted so strongly before but I felt I must warn people strongly.

Read my ratings I've VERY FAIR - I eat out a lot at a huge variety of places... hole in the wall (like Contigo) all the way to $150-200 person meals

I bought the Yelp coupon after reading good reviews... it was a bad move.  I've had good and great Peruvian food in many places. This is average, at best.

This place should be WAY cheaper due to...
- plain & cheap decor (low-end)
- located in  low-end strip mall in low end part of town
- low quantity of food they give 
- VERY hungry when we left.  ordered 2 dishes, 1 appetizer, and 3 alcoholic drinks... $80+ with tip! 

We went on a week night for dinner... we were the ONLY people there the entire 1.5 hrs.

Specifics...

Pisco Sour - 1 star
-- Nothing special for flavor. I've had much better Pisco Sours double the size for less $...$6 for a 6 ounce glass which was mostly ice is a rip off! 

Shrimp Ceviche - 2 stars
-- They cared more about presentation than quantity or flavor. $15+ that was the size of my fist. Should have been at least 2x the size it was for the price.

Main Entrees - 2 stars
-- flavors were fine but nothing special. food quantity was half the size it should have been.

then to top it off... I added wrong on the check and the $10 I would have saved with the coupon was canceled out... and the owner did not even mention it to me... and charged my CC the wrong amount. So... either he did not check the #s or he was dishonest.


MAYBE this place has decent lunch specials, and I'm being VERY GENEROUS with that assumption.
This was my 2nd time trying Contigo.  I enjoyed it the first time, and knew I had to capitalize on the yelp deal.

Food is fresh, and different.  Menu has a lot of seafood options.  Prices are a bit steep but not out of control.  On this trip there was one poor guy taking all the orders, filling all the drinks, and running all the meals to the 5 tables in the place.  I assume one of the owners was there because he was relaxing on the computer as the server was busting his hump.  We saw that our guy was working his tail off so we weren't upset.  He even had time to swing by a little special adult beverage sample for my girlfriend.  

Our meals were very good, just as expected.  The service was better than it could have been under the circumstances.  When I get an itch for seafood I'll certainly consider coming back to Contigo Peru.  

Live a little, give Peruvian food a try.  Pretty good chance you'll like it.
Very good food and the service was excellent. The Peruvian beer was really good as well and the waiter talked us into a margarita style drink I don't remember what it was called but it was really tasty and packed a punch, he said it was made from a peruvian brandi but it was sour like a margarita. Yummy all the way around, if I could give more than 5 stars I would! This place is going to be a regular stop for me.
The fourth star goes to Franklin who was serving tables last night and his friendly welcome to us. BTW he is my co-national being born in Bolivia :) and raised in Peru.

The food is a good start for those who ignore what is Peruvian food. I wanted to try papas a la Huancaina, a TYPICAL Peruvian dish that we also prepare in Bolivia. My disappointment goes to discover that the sauce (that is the key to the dish) is not made from scratch. That's an excuse to prepare it myself.

Lomo Saltado is a must if you are hungry, will fill you up with the extra protein charge. I suggested for some friends the JALEA (something you MUST try when you are in Lima) and they were pretty happy. 

I was tempted in the end by the Choclo con queso (corn). Why? Because Choclo is a must in Andean countries diet, as well as potato. BUT our corn is BIG and not sweet. Lucky me, Franklin gave me the tip on how to get it and mmmm indulge on REAL corn!!
The food was really good, both my wife and I ordered the lomo saltado. It was sooo delicious, the fries were just right, the meat was tender and juicy, and the gravy was spot on. I do wish there was a little more of it as it didn't quite fill me up. The bread and even the kids meals were delightful as well. I also tried a sample of the Chica Morada, it was pretty good, but not enough that I would pass up a drink with free refills. My only complaint was the service, which was slow. Our waiter forgot our drinks (we had to remind him), then took forever to bring us our check. However, he was very warm and friendly. We did use a Living Social deal for the meal, which helped offset the cost.
food on a scale of 1 to 10 was a 4. small portions for the price, place was clean and neat but in a low budget strip mall. . service was good and helpful i would give it a 6... over all rating for me would be a 4.. just to pricey for a low budget place.
The location is not perfect and the Flourescent lights were a bit weird for a nice place to eat. But hands down some of the best cooked sea food I have had on a long time. The owners are very nice. Given the portions and the quality of food you can't complain. I will definately be a returning customer.
We highly recommend this place!! Great food, great service! We had not had Peruvian food before and will be coming back!! The flavors were incredible!
We love Peruvian food--the simplicity, the flavors and the way it seems to naturally bring friends and family together.  We are very happy to have found Contigo.

This very unassuming restaurant sits quietly in a suite of a typical suburban strip center.  I learned long ago never to discount such places, and I encourage others to do the same. You will, otherwise, miss little delights like Contigo.

We were greeted upon entering the door as if we were family.  It was no surprise to learn that Contigo is a quintessential family business, and one of the quintessential American dream--a family leaving their ancestral home in Peru for the promises of the United States, and opening a business doing what they do best:  preparing authentic Peruvian food and creating a warm, inviting atmosphere.

...and it all begins with the Pisco Sour.  This national drink of Peru uses Peruvian Pisco as the base liquor, and the addition of lime (or lemon) juice, syrup, ice, egg white, and Angostura bitters.  Delicious.

All of our usual favorite dishes were present and accounted for on the menu, and since we were with our own friends and family, we passed plates and tasted everything.  We whet our appetites with a nice variety of fresh ceviches, which perfectly led us to delicious main courses, including Saltados (lomo, pollo and mariscos); Tallarin, Chaufas, and Suprema de Pollo.  All exceptionally prepared.  All extremely reasonably priced.

So make your way to this nondescript corner of this nondescript strip center in suburban Chandler and enjoy this exceptional gem of a restaurant.  It's comfortable, casual, and very much like you're dining with a warm and welcoming Peruvian family--because you really are!
Wow! this place is scrumptilicious!!!

Food: Just amazing. I had the Cau Cau and my sister had the Lomo Saltado. Mine was delicious, but the Lomo was incredible. I kept eating the Peruvian peanuts they bring out as snacks. 

Scene: We went around 3 so the lunch rush was over, so there weren't that many people. It's a cozy spacious place, large enough for a big party for sure. They had two football/soccer games going on.

Peeps: The waiter was super nice and definitely welcoming. 

I have to go back and eat some more. nom nom nom.
My first visit to Contigo Peru was with the East Valley Ethnic Restaurant Meet Up Group. Contigo is in a strip mall anchored by a Safeway at Alma School and Guadalupe Roads. The interior is pleasant enough. The table nosh is a small bowl of tasty, deeply roasted corn kernels, somewhat reminiscent of corn nuts, served with a spicy red and a medium green dipping sauce.

I enjoyed a Saltado of vegetables for my entree. A Saltado is stir fried assortment of vegetables (normally with meat) and french fries with a mildly spicy red sauce. The whole stir fry with french fries thrown in is a bit of a strange concept to me, but rather tasty over all. I'm a vegetarian and the staff was gracious in accommodating my needs. 

The desserts sounded great. They had fresh flan, which I love, and a Peruvian white cake with a caramel swirl that was raved about by fellow diners. I was too full to try any. 

Portions are generous. Staff is friendly. There is a small but decent selection of bottled beer including a Peruvian Beer. My first visit will not be my last.
Consistently delicious Peruvian food.  Three visits here and it's always good.  I think it's tough to do Peruvian food well, and Contigo Peru does.
I love to try new places - and we had a Groupon so we had to try it -

I will say that they do give you quantity.  I ordered the 1/2 chicken and it was very moist although I would say that it was much saltier than I expected - I have had Peruvian chicken elsewhere and never found it that salty.  But - and here is the weird thing - I reacted to it after we left.  I reacted as I do when I have MSG.  So whatever they put on it - I can't have it again - if you are MSG reactive, you might ask before ordering.

The chicken came with rice and salad.  The rice seemed to be cooked in a garlic water perhaps?  It was plain white rice with a slight garlicy flavor. Nothing remarkable about it.

DH had Loma Saltado, a stir-fried beef with veggies over fries.  I didn't taste it but he found it was rather bland.  Again, we expect it to be a little spicier.  The portion was large and it was freshly prepared though.

He ordered a side salad which was iceberg with tomatoes.  For $3, I don't expect a bevy of veggies, but I don't expect a plate of iceberg either.  The salad dressing was a very thin yogurt-based dressing that didn't seem to have much flavor. Again, nothing bad, just very bland.

We had ordered special fried corn - sort of like corn nuts only not as flavorful.

Finally we thought we would salvage the date night with a slice of flan to split.  It is apparent to me - as I bake and cook a lot - that the flan was not all that fresh as it tasted of "refrigerator". Meh.

One thing that makes me curious - we ordered and were charged for the corn - but I notice now that everyone says that they received it free as a "table nosh" - i wonder if we had to pay for it since we had a Groupon???
Went for a Saturday Dinner with my Friend Billy in April.   The nice male waiter did bring us each a sample of the 2 homemade Juices and a dried corn offering ame along the Rolls with Butter and peruvian salsa.  I had the Yellow Passion Fruit and he had the Purple corn drink.  I would get a Full size next time instead of a Soda for my beverage.
 My entree for the visit was the Lomo Saltado.  The steak strips were good but not great.  Will come again.
I came here with a Groupon, and the one thing I can say was amazing was the customer service.  Our server was friendly, and eager for us to try some things we hadn't tried before.  If she hadn't brought out the sample drinks, I probably wouldn't have ordered one - but I'm glad I did.  I really can't say enough about how nicely we were treated here.

As for the food, it was good - not amazing, but very good.  I had the arroz con mariscos (basically peruvian paella), and it was a large portion, lots of seafood - but the rice was a little mushy, not that memorable.  My wife had a fish, and also thought it was good, not great.

I'd like to try this place again - I'll try something different, and I'm sure it will be a decent meal.  One thing is for certain - Contigu Peru values their customers.
Wonderful restaurant. My husband and I had dinner there last night and can't wait to go back!!
I went to this place not expecting much..I had read some reviews and not I am glad I stopped by.  My best friend from California was visiting and he wanted something good to eat.  
Let me tell you I was not disappointed. Portions were just right and sooooo much flavor...... Service was great, even though there was  a large party.
If you like Peruvian cuisine, then this little gem is one you will have to try.  The Ceviche was very good with the seafood very fresh.  The little popcorn and dipping sacues that were provided as accompaniement were wonderfule. The Pisco Sour is as good as I have every had. 

This is a Lima, Peru cuisine, so if you are expecting something that is not from Lima, then you may be disappointed. However, the food was wonderfule in all respects.

I will go back, hopefully many times as this was one nice surprise.
I've eaten at several local Peruvian places (Villa Peru, Contigo, Inka Fest, the now-defunct Rincon Peruano), and for some reason, Contigo Peru sticks out the most (with Inka Fest a close second).  Everything I've ordered here hit the mark; I've had the fried yucca root and choros a la chalaca (nice kick to it!) appetizers.  I can't get enough of the chicha morada (who would've thought a purple corn drink could be so delicous?).

As far as entrees, I've had a couple of the saltado dishes, and they were good, but never really my favorite Peruvian offerings.  The parihuela was good, although I wish you can get it in a half serving so you can have that and something else.  Most recently, I had the Pescado Contigo Peru, which was a fish filet with scallops and a few other things, served with a delicious spicy sauce and yucca root.  This is my favorite entree so far.

The flan is also respectable; it's a no-frills flan with a nice light flavor.  Not too overbearing.

If you haven't had Peruvian cuisine, this is a good place to see why a bunch of chefs ranked Peruvian cuisine as the second best world cuisine after French (citation needed).

A final note about the restaurant: they seem to have remodeled since my previous visit, and it's more welcoming inside now.  The portions are very generous - you will be filled, but you'll also pay $25-$30, depending on whether you get appetizers.  And the service is typical of what I've seen in Peruvian restaurants - friendly but laid back.
Peruvian food is amazing.
The food is awesome!  I love the ceviche.
How sad!  We LOVE this place and they closed yesterday the 28th.  This was the best of the Peruvian restaurants in the valley since I started trying them in 2002.
I actually ate here shortly before going to South America. Now having experienced real-deal peruvian food I realize this place is pretty authentic!! Even the corn nuts they served with the ceviche, I realized was not the chefs own invention, but acutally a widly accepted custom throughout Latin America.....

Besides the authenticity, this place is actually very good! I had fried fish, it was lightly fried with perfect flavor, actually quite comforting. 

I'm dying to go back to try the rotiserrie chicken, apparently a very popular menu item (while we were there someone came in just for the chicken but they had sold out!) I think the owner mentioned they only have the wood burning rotisserie chicken on the weekends (f.y.i.)

In short, I feel this is a very humble restaurant with a lot of heart and love in their food. I'll be back :)
Service was great. Food is very good. As close to authentic as you'll get in Arizona !
An unpretentious little restaurant on the West side. This was my first sampling of Peruvian cuisine and I was uncharacteristically conservative in my meal choice. I got the house specialty "Pollo Inka", which is basically a rotisserie chicken, but a well done one. The whole chicken is reasonably priced at $9 (other dinner entrees were in the $10-15 range), with a nice blend of 15 spices. Nothing too exotic, but juicy, tender and tasty...very tasty.
For the side, I got some tostones, or fried green plantains. Nicely breaded, served with a yogurt like sauce for dipping (or so I assumed - I'll dip fried stuff in just about anything). 
Decor is fairly non-descript and the kitchen is divided from the dining room by a dessert counter. The service was quick, friendly, and cheerful. I like a place where the staff genuinely seems to want you to come back.
I'm looking forward to some return visits. I only gave it 4 stars, but if some of the other menu items taste as good as they sound, I expect to change it to 5.
Five of us went out for dinner.  We tried the fried yucca with cheese and sirloin (Yuca Cuzco Dos Sabores/Yucca Two Flavors), unfortunately the sirloin was missed on the dish, otherwise it was an interesting appetizer.  Yucca reminds me of a potato, so we basically had a potato with a tiny amount of cheese inside.

The rest of the dishes were good and very filling.  
Chicken Inka
Lomo Saltado/Sauteed Beef Tenderloin - served on top of fries.  I would have been happy if it was only served over the rice that was on the side.
Arroz con Mariscos/Peruvian Paella  - Came with full shell fish.

Unfortunately the food came out one at a time, so we had to sit and stare at each other while we waited for the rest of the food to come out.  We did not get the chance to try the sangria, since they had run out.  

Since the restaurant just opened, I would like to give them the benefit of the doubt and try again in a few months.  The food was delicious, only a few things needed to be tweaked.
Great food!  I'm Peruvian and this is excellent cuisine.  
I had a 1/4 chicken breast, rice, beans and plantains.  The chicken was marinated in an incredible mix of spices, it was baked, golden, moist and juicy.   The rice, beans, and plantains were cooked to perfection. My whole meal with a drink was under $14.  
I had the pleasure of meeting Chef Maritza, she's the reason that restaurant is so good.  She's a perfectionist on the quality of her product.  I highly recommend Pollo Inka.
We had tried to eat here before and couldn't - after sitting at a table for 15 minutes without seeing a server, except the ones trying to avoid eye contact with us, we just left. They were busy that night, and all the staff had that shocked look of people totally fried because someone hadn't showed up for their shift that night.. However, one Saturday evening with terrible weather we went back for a second try. 

Despite being a Saturday evening about 7:30, it was almost empty. One woman was finishing, and after we sat down a couple of guys came in and were seated. The waiter came promptly and took our order. The food arrived pretty quickly, and that's when the trouble started. I had no silverware when we sat, and when the waiter brought my food I pointed it out. He said he would be right back, then proceeded to walk to the back, and begin to take the order of a woman who had just walked in for takeout. After about three minutes of him helping her, then ringing her up, then wandering back to the kitchen, I just went and got my own from the bin.

I had ordered the Chicken Inka with beans and rice as my side. I received the chicken and rice, which was overcooked and had obviously been sitting around for a while. I'm sure this rice wasn't supposed to be crunchy. It took a second to register that my beans were missing, and the guy had left to "go get my silverware" by the time I noticed. Anyway, he showed up with the bowl of beans when I was done with my chicken, which was also the first time he came back to the table after he left the food.

People have raved about the chicken, and I don't get it. Yes, it was flavorful, but it was actually dry. Like the rice, I had the impression that it had been cooked a while ago, then sitting around the kitchen. On a Saturday night, that just shouldn't happen. I think the people that rave about this chicken haven't ever been to a Pollo Loco - the chain on the West Coast that sells marinated and roasted chicken. I can tell you that Pollo Loco chicken beats this place hands down - and it's a chain.

My guy got the Aji de Gallina - a creamy sauce over chicken and potatoes. It was well cooked and smooth, but honestly we have had the same dish at another Madison restaurant (Inka Heritage) and Inka's version is a lot more flavorful. Given the really spotty service (and I'm being generous by calling it spotty), dried out food, and a better option available in Madison (Inka Heritage), we won't be coming back.
Just walked by this place last night (1/22/11) and it's now closed. It doesn't surprise me given my experiences there. I'm hoping a great new restaurant opens up soon.
Newly opened in my neighborhood. I'm cutting some service slack to the newness.

This is a small place in the usual Glendale strip mall. The decor screams "strip mall restaurant" with two "hispanic" paintings, one on either end of the room. There are only 5 tables for 4, a table for 2 and two larger tables for bigger groups. There is also seating available at the bar (in name only, no liquor here!)

Our waitress did not speak English as her first language, but was able to convey to us that she really liked the food and pointed out a couple of her favorites on the menu. There are quite a few pictures on the menu of the food, so if you haven't eaten Peruvian (which we hadn't) you at least can be "safe" and order by the pictures if you'd like. We were served a small bowl of large kernels of corn, toasted and with salt, as well as a yummy green sauce to eat with them. The corn was very tasty...like popcorn almost...

There are two sides to the menu, Peruvian and Mexican. We ordered from the Peruvian side.  I ordered the "Papa Rellena", described as "The secret is the seasoning! Meat wrapped in a mashed potato shell, served with red onion salsa." Hubby pointed to the picture of the "Bistek a lo pobre", touted as "Peruvian-style steak srved with egg, french fries and fried plantain.

Au contraire, mon frere (OK, I don't speak French, but I think you get my drift...)

I got my Papa Rellena quickly (it is listed as an appetizer) and was pleasantly surprised by the tanginess of the red onion salsa...more of a pico de gallo with fewer tomatoes and a good citrusy zing. The rellena itself was the size of a potato and the meat??? Ground beef. OK, I'll survive. It was nicely seasoned and also had diced boiled egg in it as well. 

About the time I was done with my Rellena, the "alleged" Bistek a lo Pobre showed up. We discovered (by reading the menu when we got home) that it was actually the "Bistek a la Huancaina", which is "Grilled steak served with lettuce and potatoes, and topped witha creamy fresh-cheese sauce". Well, no lettuce and no warning that the potatoes are cold (as in chilled) as is the sauce. 

Steak was indeed grilled with just a bit of salt and pepper. I really liked the creamy fresh-cheese sauce...a very different taste...spicy, but not really hot. 

I ordered a piece of flan for dessert. It was AWESOME. Finding good flan in Glendale should be easy, but it's like the Holy Grail...this was a wise choice! Sadly, my husband took the good flan as a sign that the tres leches cake would also be tasty...he chose poorly...A thick slab of pink frosting with sprinkles (WTH?) topped the cake. He says the cake was good, but I would have had a hard time looking at that icing...it was like a 3-yr old girl's birthday party gone bad 

SO...having absolutely NO qualifications to judge Peruvian food...I was pretty happy. Hubby states he is in no hurry to return...good, but  bland, yet in bright primary colors (indeed, that creamy fresh-cheese sauce was yellow...like looking directly at the sun). 

I will most likely return to try another dish...the Sopa Crilla looks interesting, as does the Anticuchos. Another day..
¿Qué más se puede pedir? 

This is what 5 stars is all about, 
and yes, I'm doing it after only one visit. 

ONLY?!? This one visit was a near perfect restaurant experience. 

¿Qué más se puede pedir? 
This is another of my favorite combination of a grungy, old strip mall hiding an absolute gem of an independently-owned eatery. 

Kind of like a geode in restaurant form. 

EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE 
is a great place to start. All I was doing was minding my own biddness, reading the menu posted in the front window as I strolled by. 
(Maybe I was going to the tattoo shop, maybe trails, maybe 7-11, maybe cheba hut, who knows? (oh, yeah - me, but who's saying?(i could, but that's not important right now.))) 

As I began to get a feel for the menu, but still not quite sure if i'd venture in, Raul opens the door and warmly welcomes me inside. Vocalizations of reluctance are futile, as he insists that I sit inside and cool off, even if just to read the menu, which he places in front of me and offers to answer any questions. He's away and back in a flash with a tiny dish of toasted corn (pic), which he proudly declares is what they give in restaurants in Peru instead of chips and salsa. Along with it, he added a sample of what he called Peruvian 'lemonade', which was actually passionfruit juice -- FRESH juice, with tiny, weird, soft seeds floating in it, and everything! 

Of course, I was hooked, and he knew it. I ordered a full glass as i munched my salted feeder-corn-looking appetizer and selected from the menu full of great descriptions of the dishes, and even several photos to help a gringo like me. 

¿Qué más quieres? 
EXCELLENT FRESH FOOD 
Okay, they've got that in Peru, apparently, and brought some here for us! There are a variety of 'regular' mexican items, but flip that menu over and find another page full of Comida Peruana. A multitude of ways to get your fish, chicken, beef, shrimp, squid, octopus, egg, beef heart, corn, veggies, yucca root, plantain, and spices. 

quieres más? Seco de Cabrito? (goat stew?) sorry....... 
only on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. 

My Lomo Saltido(pic) had beef, chicken, rice, onions, tomatoes, and HOME FRIES mixed with cilantro and other spices to make a tiny amount of an au jus like gravy on the bottom of the plate, which i made sure flavored every bite that got into my mouth. Not greasy at all. Yes, there were chunks of fried potato that really were basically home fries mixed in, and yes, it was absolutely delicious.  

I did not even use the two salsas that were offered -- i didn't need them -- but watchout! the samples i had were zoomin' hot. Even the milder green was fiery, but the orange (habanero-tinged?) hotter one was out of my tolerance range! 

es que todo? 
NO! Although the hole-in-the-strip-mall setting will turn a few folks away before even getting to the door, "Peruvian Corner" has really put some effort into making the inside inviting and clean. They've used stone and tile and vibrant paint to create an environment a half-step up from the typical stripmall pad turned restaurant.(pic) 

Ahora estoy contento, VAMOS!
I had never had Peruvian food before, but my friend's insistence led us there earlier this week. It's in a run down strip mall, and the bright fluorescent lights were not very inviting. 

The lady that greeted us was very sweet. We tried to order that purple corn drink, but they were all out. We ended up ordering another sweet drink that reminded my of Tang.

We started with a the Papa a la Huancaina appetizer of potatoes covered with a spicy cheese sauce. Nothing special.

I ordered lomo Saltado Mixto (ombination of beef, chicken and shrimp sauted with onions, tomatoes, cilantro, home fries and spices. served with whhite rice). It was good, though it wasn't a very good cut of meat.

My friend ordered Lomo Saltado and wasn't very impressed, but he has something to compare it to.

Still, we were both stuffed by the end of the meal. I wish we had tried the flan!

It was surprisingly more expensive than I expected... but the service was great.
Your first soiree into Peruvian cuisine should be nowhere else in the valley, this little joint across the street from GCC is one of my favorite haunts. Its a shame i live in Tempe as this is a bit outta my way 8-(
But, first off lets discuss the service: Gregarious? is the word im looking for...umm.. how about: expressively helpful and outgoing? That sums it up pretty much. 
I stepped into el Rincon Peruano w/ my one of my best friends and My ex-GF, as my bff is the son of Peruvian immigrants, he was my sherpa and guide into this tasty realm of incan andean delights. We started off w/ appertizers of Ceviche. delicious, fresh, acidic and mouth watering! and relatively cheap. we also got these toasted little corn nuggets whose name escapes me but they were also the bomb shiz. My bff ordered a Peruvian style Tamale, and los Anticuchos.They both looked amazing! he gobbled up the Tamale, so idk how it tasted but it looked and smelled like a treat. The Anticuchos were peices of meat skewered and assumably grilled and coated in a red colour. He greedily ate most of them but offered the Ex-GF and i a hearty (no pun intended) chunk of the meat. Now had my spanish been as good as it was in Highschool i would've been hesitant to try this, thank god it wasnt because this was one of the most delicious pieces of meat i have ever eaten! As we were chomping away on the Anticuchos he says: "those are beef hearts! bahahah" and she and i look at each other, a pained, nervous and guilty look on her face, and a momentary flash of reserve on mine. 
I ordered a huge platter of bistec con papas i believe it was called, essentially a huge slab of steak with big fries and rice beans and a fried egg, while she ordered a tamale. My dish was absolutely delicious and the perfect hangover food, to wash it all down we ordered a litre of inca cola- a golden limey coloured soda that is indescribably wonderful.
We left el rincon peruano, humbled, happy, and bloated, and i am looking forward to feeling that huge again!
New restaurant in the location formerly occupied by Cafe Villaggio.  They seem to be in a transitional phase, as their menu contains some items from the old restaurant (for breakfast, in particular), but many new Peruvian items (lunch and dinner).

We had breakfast, each having an omelette.  The breakfast menu isn't huge, but it has some variety.  The Americano Omelette (bacon/ham/cheese) was good, as was the chorizo omelete.

Prices are pretty reasonable, $4-5 for breakfast sandwiches, $6-7 for omelettes.

The lack of more choices at breakfast keeps me from giving them a higher rating, but I would go again for breakfast, and I do plan on trying out there peruvian dishes for lunch or dinner.

Note that although their hours are 8-8 right now, the owner said they probably will start opening later (10 a.m.) but will continue to serve breakfast for a couple of hours.
Just changed owners- and starting out- very nice staff- or family- with lots of enthusiasm-  just lacking skills in the food!  Don't order the panini until they practice a good bit more-- the bread was barely grilled- they forgot the cheese and the onions were raw- instead of carmalized - it was pretty disheartening with such nice staff. - the pork medallions were cooked well- but there was no presentation& both dishes had NO seasonings!! I hope they can hang on while they iron out the kinks and get better dishes together-  I will wait for a few months before trying it again.
We drove by this place next to Taj Mahal, and decided, when we saw a new Peruvian place, to stop in for lunch.  I hadn't had Peruvian food for some time, as Rincon Peruano is a bit far to make it a realistic lunch option.

The first thing I noticed is that the menu was very disappointing.  The selections were limited, and they were listed in English with Spanish translations secondary.  Sorry, but "Poor Man's Steak" just does not sound as appetizing as "Bistec a la Pobre."

Thinking that maybe this was an authentic place that just didn't have everything on the menu, I asked the server if they had Parihuela.  He looked at me like I was speaking Greek, indicating that not only did they not have it, but he was probably not actually a Peruvian.

With this minor setback behind me, I ordered my food, and what seemed like an eternity later, we had our meals.  The portions were acceptable, the presentation was good, but the actual food was pedestrian.  It wasn't terrible, but Rincon Peruano did the same dish better, and in greater quantity.

The bill?  $15.  Probably $3-$4 more than it should've been.  I guess we still don't have a reasonable Peruvian lunch option.
Very friendly service. I had the ceviche which I asked for very spicy and they did not dissappoint. Best ceviche I have had for a long time.
I had lunch here today for the first time and was very pleased. 

Gabriela, my server, who I think may also be an owner, was very personable and helpful.  The meal started off with a warm roll accompanied with a great dipping sauce. Then, being my first time, I asked Gabby for suggestions.  She mentioned that the # 19, Peruvian style fajitas, was their most popular dish, so, that's what I ordered. Very satisfied with her suggestion, I will most definitely be back again.

Excellent food. Exceptional service. Authentic, clean restaurant. What more could you ask for?
I went back for lunch and really enjoyed Villa Peru.

It was two of us, and we each ordered an entree ($11 each).  A few dollars more than I'd typically spend for lunch but I was hungry and the entrees just looked tasty.  They also have some panini/sandwiches which are in my normal lunch price range.

I ordered the Bistec a la Pobre.  The food was really good, from the bread with dipping sauce they start you with to the meal itself.  The portions were good-sized, as I'd expect with an entree.

The waitress was very friendly -- attentive without being pushy.  Our food came out timely.

I'll go again...I'm interested in seeing if I like their sandwiches as much as their entrees.
A happy accident brought me to this place.  The restaurant I had planned to go to for lunch was closed, and Villa Peru was across the street.  The restaurant small and clean.  Service was good and the server very helpful.  I tried the shrimp fried rice,  instead of using rice the waitress asked if i have ever tried quinoa, i never have but have always wanted to.  Anyhow, it was AWESOME!  The dish was flavorful and fresh.  I would highly recommend this place!!  Thankful for the happy accident!
4 words.....don't waste your time. The menu limited. Food not flavorful. Workers ungrateful.
Don't get my 3 stars wrong, the food IS AMAZING though I wish they'd serve anticuchos. I have Bistec a lo Pobre (Poor Man's Steak for my English friends) which is thin sliced steak topped with 2 fried eggs and then rice, fried bananas, and steak fries on the side. It was $11.95 and one of the cheaper Peruvian options. 

Where she lost stars was when she assumed my American husband chose a sandwich because he was "American" and didn't like Peruvian food (she told me so in Spanish so I'm not making assumptions) . My husband LOVES LOVES LOVES Peruvian food and wholeheartedly embraces my culture. What he doesn't like is high priced dinners. We came for lunch and all the Peruvian food was over $11 a plate. For a guy from PA who is used to trucker sized (ever ate at a truck stop?) dishes for under $10, he was appalled. But oh well, I got my Peruvian food like I wanted and his Milano Chicken sandwich was huge, around $7 and very very good.

Sadly, we'll probably not go back unless I beg and seeing as there's 2 other Peruvian food places within 20 miles from us that I can try out, I won't be begging any time soon.
We decided to try this place because we had an online coupon from the Entertainment book and thought that Peruvian food sounded like something a little different.  We really didn't know what to expect.  Both the service and the food were excellent!  Our waiter was actually the owner and he had a lot of charm and was very friendly and the food was fantastic.  All four of us were very happy with the dishes that we ordered.  One person had Lomo Saltado which is a beef fijita.  One had the chupe de carmaron soup, which is a shrimp chowder soup and two of us had Sudado de pescado which is steamed fish.  To drink we had chicha morada which is a corn drink with cinnamon and a Inka cola.  If you are looking for something different for dinner then the usual and like small family owned restaurants then this is the place for you.
Excellent service! 

Had my favorite Peruvian dish (Saltado de Pollo y Lomo); Tasted great! 
Make sure to ask for mixed-in fries if that's what you like (i will next time).

Best Peruvian food in AZ!
By far best Peruvian food in Arizona. Loved the lomo saltado and the service was exceptional. Will definitely be back to get my peruvian food fix.
The food is very fresh and amazing the staff is super friendly would definitely will come back!
This is a great restaurant. I was delighted with my dining experience the first time I tried Villa Peru. I have been back several times for consistantly delicious cuisine. Try it!
This was my first experience with Peruvian food and I was not disappointed. We started with the Papa Rellena (Deep Fried Stuffed Mash Potatoes). I could have eaten a plate of those bad boys. I ordered the Aguadito De Pollo (Cilantro Chicken -n- Rice Soup) and was very pleased. It was a little on the salty side, but that won't stop me from going back. My husband ordered the Leche De Tigre. That was his first time having cerviche and he liked it alot. Long story short, we will be back. Loved the homemade corn nuts.
Great food and great service! I'll definitely be back!
I have never been impressed with Peruvian food, but this place was excellent.  Wonderful and genuinely friendly service.  I had the white fish ceviche.  Sometimes ceviche can be heavy on the garnish, and light on the fish.  Not so here: plenty of fish, and even a little spicy, which I love.  I wish there had been some more of the yam.  The dish also came with these huge corn kernels.  My dining partner's dish with beef was also quite tasty - the beef was well marinated and so tender.  We liked the purple corn drink too - a little like jamaica with cloves.  Not too sweet, either.  We will definitely be back!
The chupe de camarones is worth a trip across town!  Nice complexity of flavor and spices - egg, langostino, still trying to identify other spices.  It's a *huge* bowl of soup.  I wanted a smaller size, so we ordered one, intended to split it - they served each of us a large bowl.  Since it was lunchtime, we also ordered the pulled chicken sandwich, which wasn't anything unusual, but the bread was clearly freshly baked.
I have eaten Peruvian food in Costa Rica and this is comparable but with smaller portions. The flavors and smells were enticing. The service was excellent. The ceviche dinner was perfect. I had a 1/4 of chicken with an incredibly addictive spiced rice, some thinly sliced cucumbers and red onions and a side of Yuka, that serves two, served with a cilantro sauce that I could have drank plain it was so tasty. They have a South American cola but it has high fructose corn syrup as an ingredient.
Listening and watching Andrea Bocelli video in Spain es mui romantica.
I want to see some neighboring flavors of Uruguay and Argentina, grain  fed beef (sold at Sprouts) free range chicken and anything with chimichuri, please.
New owner not FULLY honoring "Entertainment Book 2012" coupons.

Full Disclosure:  They did give us $5 off instead of $12.

But the food was totally bland.  One dish, the main meat was WAY WAY WAY too salty.  The other two dishes were so bland it was impossible to pick out what individual spices were in the meal.

And the amount of food for the price was lacking - too little food, too much dollar bill.

Won't be back.
Have been planning a trip to Peru for the spring. Decided to try some local Peruvian food to see what I was in store. Quite the pleseant surprise. 

Started off with deep fried mash potatoes stuffed with ground beed and raisins. Not a texture that I am used to, but really good. Would definitely eat them again. Dinner was seared beef strips with rice and fried yucca. I can't remember the exact name of the dish, but included the word "saltado". The sauce has soy sauce in it. Really unique flavor. Again, I would definitely eat this dish again.

All in all, I would highly recommend. Not crowded, reasonably priced, and really good food. 

Side note - The night I was there they were all out of roasted chicken. Kind of a disappointment because it was pretty cheap. $12 for a whole chicken plus fries. 

Enjoy!
Went here with a Groupon for the 1st time but they were having some kind of special event w/live music & singing... it was very entertaining because the place was so small, they walked around while you're eating & it created an authentic atmosphere. They had a packed house! Unfortunately, they were not accepting groupons that night (had a sign posted) but we drove all that way & was intrigued with what was happening there. We ordered, ate & left quite satisfied that we would be back again to enjoy our groupon. 

Fast forward a few months... went back with the groupon. Atmosphere was much different this time.... Not so busy, but we were thankful that we could try out the place with less distraction so we could concentrate on the food. We were quite impressed again! Love the flavor of the food... it is a little salty but extremely tasty. The Lomo Saltado de Carne is absolutely scrumptious! The taste seem to resemble some german flavors (sounds weird, I know) that brought nostalgia to me & my husband with thoughts of happy times growing up. Him with his grandmothers cooking & me with years spent overseas. Needless to say - yum, yum, yum!! We also had the Picante de Mariscos... has a little kick to it & delicious as well. Drink menu is limited. Portions are on the small side but we have not left hungry yet.

The staff, both times, were very friendly & helpful with decision making for people who were unfamiliar with the food preparation. We enjoyed both visits & have already discussed our excitement to go back for more. We would love this place to succeed!
I was leery of trying a Peruvian restaurant in Arizona.  I still remember how much I enjoyed the food when traveling down there a couple of years ago and did not want to be disappointed.  Believe me, we were impressed.  

We had an appetizer and then a couple of dishes, which we shared to a certain extent.  My ceviche mixto was terrific.  

The service was extremely helpful.  I will definitely go back.
We stopped in here tonight with a restaurants.com coupon (and the low expecations that usually come with that) and we were very pleasantly surprised by a really tasty meal, pleasant atmosphere and great service.  It's also an excellent value.

We had the ceviche tigre and pappa rellena to start. Both were artfully presented with much more care than you would expect in a restaurant in this price range.  The pappa was perfect: flaky, delicious and not oily in the least.  The ceviche tigre was absolutely out of this world, a perfect mix of fish, squid, lime, corn and spices.  We would have been very happy with a meal of that alone.

For our mains, we had a lomo saltado and mixed seafood platter.  The lomo was exactly right; a slightly salty stir fry of steak, onions and french fries, served with rice.  The mixed seafood platter was a gargantuan plate of shellfish on top of a large fish fillet.  Both were delicious.  The only criticism I could possibly make is that I wasn't crazy about the yucca that accompanied the seafood platter (I'm more of a yucca al mojo guy) but that's a minor detail.   

All of that food only came to $50, which is a great deal in my book, particularly with such a large amount of seafood.  With a Groupon/Restaurants.com coupon, it's a steal.  Our server Paola, was charming and helpful.

Recommended.
Simple words: Food is absolutely delicious, but the water is horrible.  Lets start off with the negative before I move on to the many positives.  My friend made this comment, "The water is so bad my dog wouldn't even drink it!"  I don't really know how to describe it, but it is worst than any tap water.  

This could have been a five star experience, but I still give it 4 stars for great service and excellent flavors of food.  The flavors went deep into my grilled fish, and I felt like I was eating nothing but flavors.  I didn't taste any fishiness, which is absolutely incredible.  My friend's beef dish was tender, juicy, and full of wonderful flavors.  

I hope the manager is reading this and can improve the water issue.  In addition, I recommend having more than just 1 server on a busy evening.
This is now our favorite Peruvian restaurant! Best Anticuchos you will ever have and the Parihuela seafood soup was divine. Wife had the vegetarian dish i think it was called Salteado Vegeteranio....what a pleasant surprise. Brought our own wine and we were charged a $5.00 corkage fee. No room for dessert but there is always next time. Don't miss it.
Food was ok but the service was practically non existent
After living oceanfront in Mancora, on the northern coast of Peru, for 4 months I became very accustomed to eating very fresh, excellent ceviche on a very regular basis. I had no idea I would miss it so much when I returned to the states. Luckily, with one internet search I came upon Villa Peru. It was EXCELLENT. I did not expect ceviche in AZ to be so fresh and delicious! And not only that, but they also served it with proper cancha and Inca Kola is a beverage option (which of course I had to order). 
Unfortunately, I have to give my experience 4 stars instead of 5 because they were out of Aji de Gallina, which is what my brother had his heart set on for dinner that night. And also because it took a little longer to get the check than it should have due to an apparent disagreement between the owner or manger & server.
But all in all, I highly recommend Villa Peru to anyone who wants to enjoy delicious, traditional Peruvian food.
Can't figure out why this place isn't busier - the food is excellent, and the prices are low. Love the taro fries and the little corn nuts they serve as a free appetizier. Rotisserie chicken is a lunch thing, but super tasty and moist. Nice atmosphere and easy parking. The fried seafood assortment is most excellent and the ceviches are super freash and tasty. Don't miss it!
This was a nice little eatery with friendly services. I had seafood rice plate which was actually really good. And it was made fresh. My gf had one of the sandwiches...think beef...and it was good too. The fries had an interesting taste not exactly your typical fries. Seriously coming back here.
Wanting to try something new, we opted for lunch here.  Judging by the reviews, I'm not sure if they were having an off day or whether what we ordered was really a good representation of Peruvian food.

We ordered fried yuca, and the server said it would be about 15 minutes.  20 minutes later he came back and said another 15 minutes.  We never did see it.  I'm not sure if this dish required some preparation that had not been done since we were in early, but I was disappointed to not be able to try it.

I had the Lomo Saltado with chicken.  The chicken was pretty dry, and the "secret sauce" was such a secret, it was almost hidden from my plate.  I really only tasted soy sauce.  The Peruvian style fries were underneath the chicken.  I'm not sure how they differed from regular fries though.  My husband had the Corderito Chiclayano (lamb shank).  It had a ton of flavor, but again the meat was tough.

The chef (perhaps owner too?) did come out and apologize for the yuca and was very sweet, however.  I may give it another shot.
The closest thing to Mama's home cooking and if you know how good my mama cooks... Well, the woman can cook! Their ceviche is big with fresh seafood. The lomo Saltado comes in a big plate and worth every bite. The only thing I'm not a fan of is that they do not serve Peruvian beer here. I crave a cold glass of cuzquena beer with this appetizing meal. All in all this place is a must try!
I went to this little gem for a second time in about a month today & it's absolutely terrific! Not a lot of ambiance, but it's very clean & the food is simple but succulent. The first time I went I had the Asado sandwich with criolla sauce and today I tried the rotisserie chicken, both delicious. The fries that come with both are hot & crispy on the outside, moist and fluffy on the inside, and I generally don't like thick cut fries. Just wish I had something other than ketchup to dunk them in. I want to try their ceviche next, especially after reading all the rave reviews here. And one of these days, I'm going to leave enough room for dessert. Everything was super fresh & tasted homemade. (except for the ketchup, of course :))
I was completely shocked with this restaurant. When we pulled in the parking lot I didn't even want to go in, glad we did. Extremely clean and quaint, great customer service, now let's get to the food. It was beyond delicious. I couldn't stop eating! I ordered the Arroz con Mariscos and I almost licked the plate. The seafood tasted fresh and not rubbery. I never, ever, ever eat dessert, but I couldn't pass up lucuma ice cream. It seems so simple, but again, I wanted to lick the dish. 

It's a BYOB so we brought a nice bottle of wine with us and they were more than happy to open it. There was a $5 cork fee, which is extremely reasonable. I don't know if this is traditional Peruvian fare, but it's yummy and we'll be back.
- The live music Saturday night was excellent
- The chicken, cilantro soup was full of flavor.  One of the highlights of the meal
- The ceviche de pescado was pretty good.  The sauce was perfect and they add enough aji to make it pop.  However, the corn was only ok and the fish itself wasn't as tender or sliced as thin as I'm used to
- The lomo saltado was perfect.  Tender beef full of salty goodness
- The arroz con mariscos was perfect.  Full of seafood and flavor and nice and moist with just the right touch of aji

It's one of my two favorite Peruvian restaurants in the Valley.
If you want to try a few new flavors and textures this is a great spot. If you are vegetarian be prepared to have a ton of carbs. 

Your meal will start with and amazing dish that is not popcorn, or cornuts but some magical in between. 

They also have a punch that is made with corn and spiced, it tastes like a sweet apple cider sans the apples. 

As for my main dish I had one that was tofu with vegetables and rice (Lomo Saltado Vegetariano) IT had some nice flavors and texture, it came with a pyramid of rice.  The Tacu Tacu $11 while being a carb bomb of beans rice and corn was the winner for me. 

We also had some fried yucca as an app, they are like french fries with some great dipping sauces.
Had a date night dinner here this past Saturday cause we wanted to try a new place. We had a restaurant.com certificate for this place for quite some time so thought it was time to use it. We started with the Papa Rellena, which is a mashed potato ball stuffed with ground beef and raisins and deep fried. It came with a salsa on top with a side of a green dipping sauce. This was delicious and the potato was perfectly seasoned and light, didn't feel heavy at all. The green sauce was amazing, reminded me of a chimichurri sauce that you could put on anything!

Hubby got the Bistek a lo pobre, which was a grilled steak, served with white ricFrench fries and topped with fried bananas. Unfortunately, the steak was underwhelming and lacked seasoning and the rice was undercooked (it was pretty crunchy and inedible). Hubby did like the fries and the fried banana was good. 

I ordered the Arroz con pollo, which was a chicken thigh and drumstick served with cilantro fried rice. The good news was the cilantro fried rice which was very good and flavorful. The bad news was the chicken, it was obvious that the chicken was not cooked fresh. It seemed as though it was cooked earlier that day or even the day before and just heated up again and put on the plate. The skin was soggy and the meat didn't have as much flavor as I wanted it to have. Thank goodness for the green sauce cause that was the only way it made it worth eating.

Our waiter, while nice, seemed scattered and spread too thin. There were not a lot of other tables and he seemed to only be serving ours and two others yet my hubby didn't get his drink refill and he didn't really check back with us after he brought our food. After we ordered our meal he came back and asked us if we wanted an appetizer and we mentioned that the papa rellena was our app, he seemed confused by that. At the end of our meal when the check came, he didn't deduct our restaurant.com certificate amount and our app wasn't listed. I'm not sure if he thought that by not charging us for the $8 app was going to offset our $25 off cert. It took a while for the staff to figure it out but it eventually came back correct. 

Overall, not sure if we will be back. While the app was good and the green sauce delicious, it doesn't seem worth making the 40min drive when neither of us were happy with our entrees. Too bad cause we had high hopes for this place.
Authentic-tasting Peruvian cuisine.  Or so my wife tells me, she spent a summer in Peru.  Loved the papas rellenas as an appetizer.  We both had steak dishes and the steak was just okay, but the sides had good flavors that were not too spicy.  Make sure to ask for the cancha, (its like cornnuts but fresher and they grow on you quickly)
about 3 3/4 stars, and ill go ahead and round it up because of the awesome fried bananas!

A few minor downsides
Small restaurant in an old building.
Waiter we had was kind of shy and never found out his name.
They take an 18% gratuity from your check.  We normally tip 20 percent so this was no big but still somewhat odd.

Overall a place we are planning to come back to and tell friends about.
Oh, man, I so wanted to like this place.  I recently tried Peruvian food for the first time in San Francisco and I decided to give Villa Peru a try because of the rave reviews.  Honestly, the only reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is because of the super-enthusiastic waiter.  In terms of food, there is much to be desired.  I ordered Arroz con Pollo and sadly, the 'Arroz' part of this pairing went straight in the trash after two bites because it was incredibly undercooked.  After the first bite of semi-raw rice, I decided to have a second because I was incredulous that such a simple step as checking to make sure that their rice is properly cooked could have been omitted.  Second bite, just as crunchy as the first. Furthermore, the 'cilantro rice' they pride themselves on is simply a medley of rice mixed with some green ingredient (I'm guessing that's the cilantro) plus what is clearly frozen mixed veggies (peas, corn, and carrot).  The frozen bagged veggies are just lazy and remind me of food you'd feed a toddler.  Moving on to the 'Pollo'.  This very small piece of chicken had NO flavor whatsoever.  It was a sad bird sitting on a giant pile of crunchy under-cooked rice.  The bird was so sad, I think I even saw it shed a tear.  

Finally, I have to agree with a previous reviewer regarding their lunch menu pricing.  I cannot see how such a simple meal (assuming it at been cooked properly) with such humble ingredients could warrant a $14 price tag.  We're not talking foie gras here, folks.  It's just chicken and a side of rice (or in my case, a giant pile of rice with a side of chicken).  They've got to drop their lunch menu entree prices by at least $5 to be competitive.  Bottom line, I simply cannot recommend this place given the depressing food and the comically high price point.
so I brought my peruvian family here to try out the food and some of it was great while others were less than stellar. 
I had anticuchos from heart which tasted great! plus i had the lomo saltado which was also pretty darn good.
My family had causa from chicken which was delicious but the pollo a la brasa was pretty bland according to them. 
I wish they would make tallarin verde a norm on their menu, plus they were out of inca cola!
Did you know that there was a song called, "Peruvian Cocaine"?  Totally unrelated, and definitely shows off the library of useless facts I keep in my head.  

Definitely unrelated to the fact that this little eatery located in the strip mall on the corner of Rural and McKellips in Tempe is a decent place off the Old Town Beaten path.  

This establishment is one of those lucky gems you driveby everyday and never notice until one day.... you're looking for something different, but close by....

I ordered the Chupe De Camarones (Shrimp Soup).   The soup was very delicious and I enjoyed it.  This soup did not taste as if the shrimp overpowered the flavor of the soup.  I could still enjoy the corn and potatoes in the soup.  They make the soup to order.  The chef accidentally crashed my first bowl of soup, so they had to make a new one for me.  The soup come in a fairly large serving bowl.  I could not eat a quarter of that.  They wrapped it up for me and the leftovers fed me for 2 more meals.

I was disappointed that the "Peruvian Fries" were just plain frozen steak fries fried in hot grease... or what I normally know as "French Fries".  I ordered the "peruvian fries" expecting something "different".... they GOT me on that one.

I went here with about 5 or 6 other friends who also enjoyed their meals.  I asked everyone if they would return and the majority said yes, they would come back.  I know I will one day.  I look forward to trying out their pollo saltado!
I got asked on a Valentines day date (hold your awwws) but he refused to tell me where or what we were doing. Creepy. When we parked in front of Villa, I found out that were coming here. To my date's credit, I am Peruvian and moved to the US when I started college (errr 7 years ago). He picked a Peruvian restaurant on Valentines day- where they had a Peruvian traditional folk band playing (enter cue to Awwwww away).

Now that you are done awww-ing, let me share with you that I kinda, sorta, maybe, definitely freaked out. First of all, authentic and decent Peruvian food is very hard to find in the US- different ingredients, imported stuff, not-equally-tasty substitutes, etc. Secondly- a Peruvian folk band? Dear god, this has the potential to be one incredibly embarrassingly cheesy night.

So I sat my ass down and proceeded to explain to my date (basically) the entire menu. I ordered the Anticuchos (grilled beef heart on a stick), Ceviche and Lomo Saltado. I also ordered 2 Cuzqueñas beer and the Chicha morada- a juice made from boiling purple corn, fresh fruit and sugar.

Food wise, Villa Peru is a decent 3.5 stars. The Chicha was made fresh and it tasted exactly like it is supposed to: fresh, sweet and refreshing. The Ceviche was a solid 4.5 stars as the fish was fresh, the corn was Peruvian (we have a different type of corn, people), the sweet potato was soft and it had tons of citrus and onions. It just lacked some spice, so I had to ask for some Rocoto (our spiciest pepper) to add to it.

The less successful dishes were the Lomo Saltado and the Anticuchos. The sirloin was sauteed with soy sauce which is not how its supposed to be done, The fries were a bit soggy and there were no fresh peppers (aji and rocoto, traditionally) sliced thinly and sauteed with the meal. It was decent and tasty, but it lacked spice. The Anticuchos were grilled well, but the pieces were very thick as traditionally, it's supposed to be thinly sliced squares. This made the meat dry and harder to eat, but the sides (potato, onion salad and some fresh herbs) were very nicely done.

I understand that the place was full on Valentine's day, but I hate to say that the service really sucked. I was constantly looking around to get the server's attention for more water, the rocoto sauce or even the check and receipt.  2 stars for service. boo.

Now that the boring yet actually useful parts of the Yelp review are completed, let me get back to my super corny story. The band started setting up while we were eating, to which I thought "oh god maybe I can eat really fast and get the check before they start playing". Nope. No dice. They started and they kept it going for the duration of our stay. And they were... awesome. For real- great voice, traditional instruments (like the Cajon- a form of drums), all traditional songs I grew up with and mad Spanish guitar skills. It's as good as I would find at any creole bar in Lima and that was ratified by all the (Peruvian) guests that were loudly singing along (maybe it was the booze) and shaking side-to-side in their chairs. Adorable.

I think at one point towards the end of the night, the date asked me if I wanted to dance. Dear date, don't push it, I'm too sober to go there. 

All in all, it was a decent Peruvian restaurant that with some service improvements (and spice enhancements) can be a great great spot. They definitely delivered on Valentines day, and I guess so did my date.  As I went home, my anti-romantic self stopped and thought "crap. I just ate a heart on Valentines day. I hope this wasn't on purpose". 

Shucks.
So I heard about this place through a Groupon.  Was running late and called to see if they would stay open, they were more than nice on the phone and told us to just come in.  We got so lost and literally showed up 5 minutes before they were about to close, which usually really agitates waiters, understandably so.

Not this guy, he had the Peruvian corn nuts out on the table and waiting for us and was more than helpful when we asked what to get.  There was some tasty mashed potato/meat concoction we had for our appetizer and then in regards to entrees, the ceviche is the way to go.  

Great place and great attitudes!
I love Peruvian rotisserie chicken, and this place makes a great rotisserie chicken! Moist chicken, great flavor and a crispy skin. The yummy, spicy green sauce goes great on the chicken or the fries. The chica morada is a refreshing and delicious drink made from blue corn (think horchata without the cinnamon). If you've never had Inka Cola, you might want to try that Peruvian soda (it tastes like bubblegum). The decor is nice and the service is attentive. The food took a little time to come out, but it was worth it. I will definitely go here again.
This was my second time eating here (third time visiting, considering that they turned us away one day when they had a private party...not their fault, but still irritating). The first--about 9 months ago--was slightly better than this one, but unfortunately, this trip was so terrible I will NOT be back. After living in Peru for a while, I wanted my husband to experience the food that I did. 

We had an expiring "deal" coupon and immediately upon being seated, we were asked about it. The waitress was unpleasant from the beginning and the fact that we were using the deal they advertised seemed to be an inconvenience for her. Meanwhile, we had to sit directly in the sun at a table, instead of in a shaded booth because one of her children had sprawled out across the bench and has no desire to move. Her other toddler child had full run of the restaurant, sucking on cups and walking up to all the guests in the restaurant. COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL. 

The anticuchos (heart) were the best thing we ordered, but the portions were significantly smaller than our first visit. 

The chicken and rice soup and chicken salad were fine - not worth the non-deal price tag they charge. The cancha snack is good, but I don't come to a restaurant for the "corn nuts."

Hubby ordered the lomo saltado w/mixed meat. The waitress knew she brought the wrong type with steak only, but made no effort to correct the error. At this point, we were already fed up with the service and atmosphere. (Oh, we were seated under the AC duct which brought our food back down to fridge temps within minutes...)

MOST disappointing was my "Pescado A La Menier" - grilled fish with lemon, garlic, and white wine/butter sauce (usually $15). Fish was TINY, sauceless with a notable frozen flavor. The vegetables were frozen peas and carrots and the white rice was just that--white rice. I could have made a TV dinner that tasted better than this and provided more value. I was sooo disappointed, as I'd been looking forward to this all day, reading the menu prior to going hoping to pick out something really good.

The Inka Kola we ordered never came, but was still on the bill. The waitress made us feel like intruders the entire time. Another couple asked if they could order a menu item above the max allowed for the meal and just pay the difference. They were sternly told absolutely not. No customer service. 

To their credit, I tried the ceviche on my first visit and it was good, but after seeing how all of the food quality has gotten worse and the service/prices are atrocious, I can't even trust that is still the case and will not be returning.
Nothing but good to say about Villa Peru. Very authentic and reasonably priced. I've tried the Leche de Tigre numerous times, the Aji de Gallina, the Causa de Pollo, the Anticuchos, and the Seco de Carne. Everything has been delicious, especially the Seco de Carne and the Leche de Tigre, the latter of which is dynamite when ordered extra spicy. 

It appears they've applied for a full liquor license so hopefully we'll be enjoying Chilcanos and Pisco Sours here in the not-so-distant future. 

If Villa Peru keeps putting out the quality they do, I'm sure they'll be a long-term fixture in the Valley's dining scene.
We had three seafood dishes since we've been craving seafood for a while an its hard to find fresh seafood in the desert. The ceviche mixto was delicious, the seafood was super fresh, the jalea was great and so was the picante de mariscos!
Thank goodness for an excellent Peruvian restaurant in the valley! The ceviche is very fresh and tasty...we've been back a couple times and can't get enough!! The chicken is great as long as they have enough in stock. During one visit they ran out of the rotisserie chicken and we were disappointed. But it won't keep us from going back as the service is super friendly and the food is AWESOME!! Next time we will call ahead to make sure they have enough chicken. : ) I love this place!
This place is great. Their food is wonderful.  The only reason they are getting a 4 instead of a five is their service. I want to be clear, they are very polite and nice. Its just refills seem to take forever and the server was understanding when we needed more time (first time ever eating Peruvian food) but he didn't return until he brought out our appetizer, which took time to make and then he finally asked us again if we were ready. But enough explanation for the lost star. 

Viva Peru has made my entire part y a fan of Peruvian food. Oh yes! Every dish was so flavorful. Who knew soy sauce and french fries would be a combo made in haven? And the carne, my mouth is still watering just thinking about it. 

I do agree their portions are somewhat small, but that's because you want to keep eating more. 

We are already planning a return trip just to try the seafood entrees and may have to do one more because sandwiches are only served until 5. 

This place has really made me a fan of Peruvian food.
Just went to the bathroom & saw a huge live cockroach. Walked out. Literally, right now.
Papa rellenas, the causa, and pollo saltado are all ive really tried here, its good, but this place is also pretty expensive.
Up and down food wise, the lomo saltado was not very good but the apps and the corn were great as were the juices. Friendly service, unremarkable decor and in a strip mall like almost all restaurants in AZ.
We wanted to like this place, but Danielle E. is right on. I felt bad for the young guy because he seems nice, but he has absolutely no clue about customer service, the menu, the food, or how to be a waiter. We should have taken the hint to leave after we had to seat ourselves, but we had the Living Social deal too so decided to give it a try. Alas, we had the same issue with the Living Social deal and kind of felt like we were getting screwed with so may exclusions- then when we finally decided on ordering the special roasted chicken (that was advertised on big sign right by the door)- the waiter told us they were out. They were also out of one of the appetizers, alfajores, and all the other desserts except for two. Interesting since it was 6:30 on a Saturday night and there was only one other couple in the entire restaurant. Sadly dinner was not even worth it with the "deal" we were supposed to be getting- my flavorless lomo saltado mix of steak and shrimp literally had three small over-cooked shrimp on top of the chewy over-cooked steak. The person I was with had the tallarines with shrimp and they were so disappointed with the food and the experience that they said they will never come back. We wanted to go up to the other couple and tell them if they want real Peruvian food and decent service to go to El Chullo.
Let me lead off by saying:  WHAT A CRAPPY EXPERIENCE.

They open at 11 AM on Sundays.  We arrived around 11:05 and were the only ones in the entire restaurant except for the waiter (and, yes, the other opinions given here re:  his level of service are true) and the cooking staff.  Ordered by 11:20.  I was told that my Pollo Rostizado would take about 25 minutes and I agreed that that was OK.  Yucca Frita arrived about 11:30--well-fried and sauces were great.  Wife's Pescado a lo macho arrived about 11:40.  About 12 PM I started getting fidgety, because now 40 minutes had passed post-order and still no chicken.  12:02 PM waiter tells us that my order will be ready in 15 more minutes.  Uh . . . WHAT?  So now we are at a decision point--stick around and wait, or leave hungry and try to find somewhere else to eat?  So we decided to wait.  Pollo arrived around 12:20, too hot to eat (of course), so now I had to wait for it to cool off.  Once it did so, I devoured it in about 15 minutes, and, I must say, it was very good.  Received the bill at about 12:45 PM and it was wrong, but we were too frustrated to dispute.  $43 for two people without drinks.  Restaurant was still completely empty except for one other patron who arrived 5 minutes prior and appeared to be the center of attention whilst we remained only afterthoughts--although we spoke Spanish and definitely are not of the Gringo persuasion.  I hope these folks have return clientele, because if this level of service continues I can't imagine they'll stay in business.  We'll never be back.
When my world traveled seasoned date boasted of this superb restaurant he knew, I was intrigued. He wanted to take me to a corner of the world where the dishes were entirely authentic. That I would be wowed by the amazing food. Where the staff was incredibly accommodating and hailed from Peru. 

I smiled when I heard the name of the restaurant. It wasn't a secret! I'd had the great fortune of visiting before with some other Yelpers. Of course I was in! And I knew *exactly* what I wanted to order. This time I knew where the restaurant was (a nondescript shopping center) and we took advantage of the fine Phoenix weather to sit outside. The tables are smaller outside, more for 1-2 people, and worked wonderfully for quiet conversation. (A folk band ended up playing that night, and a large group had booked the majority of the restaurant. Powerpoint presentation and all!)

I ordered in quick succession the Aji de Gallina (shredded chicken in a spicy cream sauce) and we shared the Papa Rellenas (stuffed potatoes). For a beverage I went with the Chicha Morada (made out of purple corn). There was no room for dessert. And there were bountiful amounts of food to box up. (Oof! Best leftovers *ever*!) These two dishes are amazing. I would order them again and again. And again. And right now. (Shhh!)

The chicken is spicy, but not so hot that you need to desperately gulp water down. It's rich in a way that's rewarding. Cheese, garlic, nuts and Peruvian chili peppers are blended with cream to fill that belly. Served with white rice. The stuffed mashed potatoes are large (more than an orange) and filled with ground beef and sweet raisins.

A delightful treasure of a restaurant without any pretentious formalities. 

Oh! Oh! Note: The restaurant is BYOB if you're interested. There is a $5 corkage fee per bottle.
Dishonesty appears to be ingrained in the management/owners at Villa Peru. We tried to use a Voice Daily deal that was worth $20 toward the bill. They refused to accept it and offered 15% off instead. After repeatedly showing them the daily deal with the name of the restaurant and the 2/28/14 expiration clearly displayed they handed us a cell phone saying it was the "manager." This person also refused to honor the deal. 

The table in front of us also appeared to have an issue with their experience. The chef/owner came out to talk to them and from what I overheard, it seemed that he was explaining that what they ordered was, in fact, the half chicken and not a quarter chicken as they'd wondered due to a missing wing, thigh, etc. 

From reading numerous reviews subsequently it would seem that the promotions thing has been an ongoing issue for months. It's a shame that, ourselves included, so many have fallen victim to the old bait-and-switch. 

When the bill arrived they had failed to apply the discount. I brought this to the server's attention and he took the bill back to apply it. When the bill was returned they'd actually added a dollar onto the cost of one of the items we ordered. The seco de carne is $12.50 on their menu, both in person and on the website, and it was $12.50 on the first bill that was brought out pre-discount. Post discount, it was $13.50.

Photos of both the Voice Daily deal and the discounted receipt have been uploaded.

It really is unfortunate because I'd been here twice before and had nothing to complain about. However, after the latest visit it's blatantly obvious that Villa Peru's primary concern is cheating the consumer. I would encourage anyone that reads this to avoid them. Such business practices should not be tolerated and any establishment such as this does not deserve to exist.
Mediocre overpriced food and poor service. 
The waitress was too busy chatting with friends and pretty much ignored us most of the time except to ask us to pay up since her shift was over. We were guessing she wanted to get her tip before she left.
 There was no one else in the place either so her lack of attention was not that she was too busy. Just too busy visiting friends sitting in another booth. 
My husband said though it wasn't awful, just add some cheese to his sandwich and it would be an overpriced philly steak sandwich.  Nothing special
After sitting there maybe 10 minutes we began to notice how hot the place actually was and they had the door open and no AC on. Not even any ceiling fans. We also had to deal with a fly buzzing us and I swear something ran over my foot under the booth. 
Never again
If you want great Peruvian food this place is for you! Absolutely delicious food. And authentic! We use to live in Peru and this has become a new favorite spot. I recommend the Lomo saltado. The service was good too. We'll be back!
I was really debating between three and four stars on this one. I came in around 3:30 PM on a weekday and was the only customer there. Of course, the time and day did have to be taken into account. All of the food seemed rather expensive considering the portion size. Since I don't have money falling out of my ass, I settled with ordering one of the cheapest dishes on the menu: anticuchos. I would rate their taste about a 4 out of 5. The waiter who seated me was a high school student who seemed rather nervous but friendly. Oh, and this may seem odd, but my favorite thing about this restaurant was the frosty lemonade. Damn that shit was good. Okay, I've decided; four stars it is, if only for the frosty lemonade. However, if you're trashy like me and looking for a cost effective restaurant, go somewhere else.
**DO NOT EAT HERE**

I'm really sad to be writing this review.
The food is amazing- that's why I'm giving this place two stars instead of one.
Our waiter was super accommodating and helped us pick out our food.
We got the Lomo Saltado de Carne and the Ceviche de Pescado.

Also I tried Chicha Morada (a drink made from purple corn)- so great!

Got there around 7 pm. No one was there but us.

Amazing. Seriously incredible.

When our bill came, we gave him the Living Social deal that would take $25 off of our order.
He came back and said they wouldn't take it.
We were shocked.
We talked with him for a while and he said they'd give us 50%, and we were still not buying it.
He said we could have some of his tip money and we refused- we thought it was nice of him to do but there is no way we would have taken it!
He said that he called the owner and that we could talk to him about it but we just decided to pay.

We thought we were getting the 50% off but they charged us the full amount.
Wow.

WOW.

I'm so sad.

Great potential, but I know why it was empty when we arrived.
Despite what some of the other reviewers have written, my experiece at Villa Peru was a very good one.  My mom and I were stopping in Phoenix on a road trip and decided to try this place because neither of us had ever had Peruvian food.  I ordered the Arroz con Mariscos and she had Pescado A La Menier.  We both thought the food was excellent.  The service was great, too.  The waiter was very friendly and we did not have to wait very long for our dinner to be served.
This place is only open on the weekends, cash only, almost hidden in a strip mall (the only sign out front is a large Puerto Rican flag in the window) but it is one of the best finds in the Phoenix area.  It's the only place I've ever had Puerto Rican food but I think I've been spoiled because it is unbelievably delicious and very very inexpensive.  I have it on good authority that this place is authentically cooked homestyle Puerto Rican food and pastry.  They have mofongo, pernil, arroz con gandules, and different sandwiches like cubano and tripleta.  Mango y queso pastries to finish it off.  Menu changes a bit each week so it's great for return visits.  I can't get enough.
Best Cubano in Phoenix!  I have lived in Cuban neighborhoods in Boston and NY.  This food is legit and yummity at a reasonable price.
Finally had a chance to try this place.  It's definitely a small place, which cheap chairs and plastic tables, so it's not a place you go for the vibe.

The menu apparently changes every weekend.  I had the Mofongo y Pernil, a cola champagne, and the flan.  The mofongo was delicious, and the pernil was ace.  And it was just $7 for the place, which didn't leave me hungry at all.

The flan was not homemade, which was a bit disappointing.  And the cola champagne came in a can rather than a glass bottle, which I would have preferred.  But I guess one can't be too picky when there is a Puerto Rican place a couple miles from home.

The whole meal was just $12, which is very reasonable.  It's just too bad I can't go pick up my dinner here on weeknights...
good, authentic food from PR..the Mofongo is great and so wsa the pork...needs a ittle attention in the dining, but teh food is great and so was Millie!
What a golden treasure to find!!! 

I was taken here as a surprise pre-birthday lunch and I must tell you my heart fluttered once I walked in and smelled the familiarity of it all. 

Being from NYC and of Puerto Rican and Dominican descent, there is nowhere that serves "our food" that has gotten it right until this cafe opened its doors. 

The food is authentic, the service is friendly, the music is old school (salsa). 

The pasteles were to die for, the rice and beans were perfect, the pork chop was moist and fell off the bone. 

Greedy as we were since we don't live in the area, we even stuffed ourselves with a guava/cheese turnover and a quesito. 

They have Malta, Coco Rico and ....wait for it......COLA CHAMPAGNE, my absolute favorite!! 

The mother and daughter team are welcoming and friendly, sort of like going to a relatives house and just shooting the breeze for a few minutes. 

If its busy you will have to wait for your plate, but WHO CARES!!! it's sooo worth the wait. 

The prices are beyond reasonable, and you can even get that Puerto Rican flag you forget to buy last time you went home :) 

If you are missing a taste of home, definitely check this place out before you go to to 2 other places that offer this type of fare (i've tried them both, and they are not even half as good and twice as expensive!!)
Love the sandwiches. Try the Coco-Rico if you've never had it. 
It's hard to find anything but Mexican and chain restaurants in Mesa, so it's nice to have a little variety.
Did you ever say you wished you had a J-Lo butt? Then read on...

I might be a little bias being 1/2 Puerto Rican, but you know you are at the right place when you walk in and see that countries native people eating there. If you want a real treat and have never had Puerto Rican food, please go to Millie's and try it.
It is a Mom & Pop place for sure -you will see Millie herself right behind the counter cookin' your food like you were sitting in her kitchen while her husband is taking your order. The price is definitely right! We practically had the entire menu for $40. Don't be fooled by the ambiance... tiny dining room, fold out tables & chairs, plastic ware & cups with ice from an ice chest propped up on a stool. The food is where the money is!! BTW- cash only, so be prepared. Open Thurs-Sun for lunch & dinner (11am-8pm).

Here are some highlights if you're not familiar:
Tostones... fried & salted plantains - get the garlic side dip
Pasteles... pork inside green banana (like a tamale, but better)
Amarillos... sweet fried banana
Arroz con Gandules... yellow rice w/beans
and last but NOT least (here's where the J-Lo butt comes in)
Mofongo w/a side of pork - it is hard to describe but easy to remember! It is plantain w/crispy fried pork formed into a ball of joy! And the sides of pork that they give are the most tender juicy pork I've ever had. This is a must try item! But not for the faint of heart - literally. 

"Bottom" line is I would eat here everyday if I could afford new clothes.

P.S. I read someone else's review that stated that the Flan was not made there. Just FYI, Millie is the Flan Lady & makes the flan right there in that same kitchen. The only problem is that she makes it for restaurants valley wide & so in that mass production - it loses some of it's homemade quality. It is still good though & she makes a mean pastry. Try 'em!
BEST. EVER. Authentic! Staff is friendly, family owned and proud! Prepare though, as its not open all week and only takes cash.
Ever since I saw one on TV, I have been wanting to try a real Cuban Sandwich for the longest time, but there aren't many Cuban places in Hawaii where I grew up. So after reading the reviews on here, I had to try this place. 

It did not disappoint. 

The Cubano sandwich was awesome. The pork was juicy, the bread was crispy, and the elements worked so well together. The sandwich was also huge, and could easily be a lunch and dinner, a steal for only $5.50 plus you get a small bag of chips. The only criticism was that it was a bit too salty (you know how you get some spots that are more salted than others, that was the case here). I also got some deliciously crispy tostones with garlic dip. Yum. Better than french fries.
My parents are from Puerto Rico and I just took them here. I'd been here once before with my sister and husband and we loved it, but I had to take my parents before writing the review... And they agreed, Millie's Cafe has great, authentic Puerto Rican cuisine. The menu is small and they offer different specials every week. My faves so far are the cubano sandwich, pernil, the tostones, papa rellena and the MOFONGO! Seriously the mofongo is delicious. Crisp pieces of bacon, chicharron, and plantains rolled into a ball of garlicky happiness.  The pastelillos de guayaba and quesitos are great too. The owners are super sweet and straight from the island.  I highly recommend it, I only hope that in the future they can extend their menu.
Millies is AMAZING!  I am Puerto Rican (from NY) and often have great food when I visit my Mom & Titi's house but I have to say that Millies Arroz con Gandules are the best I have ever had!  My husband is american and not a big fan of beans but he always has 2nd and 3rds of Millies rice.  We also get most of our parties catered from there and our guests always want to know where the amazing food comes from.  We love Millies and go back as often as we can.  I hope she can stay open for many years to come!
I am Puerto Rican and Cuban and have had authentic food all of my life.  I was very disappointed to move to the valley and not find as many restaurants that are Puerto Rican or Cuban :-(  However, one day my family and I were driving in Mesa and I decided to yelp a restaurant and this popped up!  I will state that it is in a bigger strip mall type of area and so therefore you can pass it a couple of times before actually finding it.  When you first walk in you realize that it is extremely small.  There aren't that many chairs or seating and they were pretty much packed when we got there (only about 4 tables in total I believe).  However, the service was impecable!  The counter had baked pastries that looked wonderful and the other half had Puerto Rican novelties for sale!  As most know, we are proud to be puerto rican and love to flaunt it so this was a major plus for me. 

The gentleman at the counter (I can't remember his name right now) was extremely friendly and answered all questions my 12 year old daughter had.  Food was great as well, had authentic puerto rican spices, flavor were great!  After eating my daughter asked a lot of questions about different memorabilia that were decoration.  They had a very large mirror that had the full Island of Puerto Rico with the different towns pointed out.  My daughter and I talked about our family history when he overheard me state that my grandma was from Bayamon, PR and he chimed in stating that he was there for many years before coming to the states.  It was very nice of him to tell me about the town and culture there considering I have not been to my home island since I was a child.  I will definitely have to go back.  We ate mainly quick sandwiched (where my husband stated that the tuna sandwiches was the best he's ever had) but next time I am sure I will have to try a main dish. 

Very happy to find a place that has great food and above all else fabulous service.  Must try for anyone...
My husband is from Puerto Rico. We eat here for comfort food. It is homemade and reminds him of his momma's cooking. The full meals usually last 2-3 meals for me. I can't have gluten and can get the dinners. There are things I am unable to eat, but the dinners are good.
Great find!  Wait is a little long, but worth it!
so i live far out of the valley and being puerto rican, i was just checking yelp for puerto rican places to eat.  i seen this one in mesa, i was ecstatic...

THE FOOD IS AWESOME AND COOKED TO ORDER......that is the best way to do it, at least we know its not processed and just waiting getting dry.  there was so much flavor and it was juicy... i had the mofongo it did not disappoint.......then i had the arroz con gandules with pernil, that to was perfect........it was just like my abuela was doing it.......i will definitely go back for more.......
now they are open on wednesday, just one more day to go see Millie... 

The place is family owned and small but that adds to the ambiance...

I definitely recommend Millie's Cafe to any one and everyone......

Enjoy food from puerto rico......
Their pasteles Can't be beat.  Very, very good.  Eating partner had Cod fish (Valenciana) with root vegetables (malanga, banana, yuca).  The reason he had to eat this is because he doesn't eat pork and there were no chicken dishes being offered.  Are you serious?  No chicken dishes on the menu?  Chicken is the GO-TO meat for people nowadays. When in doubt get chicken.  Not a smart move to limit the menu on a Friday night.  My eating partner said the codfish was fine but really didn't want to partake of all the carbs in the root vegetables.  Had the plain mofongo because of the pork issue. It usually comes with bacon and crackling. But we had to get it Veggie.  It was small with no sauce, but it definitely had a garlicky flavoring. I will have garlic breath for a bit.  I would not order that mofongo again, especially veggie style.  Ordered two guava filled pastries, a bargain at $1.25 each but the problem is the they were not guava filled.  They were barely filled. Next  time more guava pulp in it folks, otherwise it's not worth eating.  
I would go back for pasteles ONLY if I were in the neighborhood as I drove many miles to get there.  
Good luck with your restaurant and make sure you have chicken on the menu every day.  You can't lose.
we tried their pasteles, roast pork and mofongo which was all delicious and also had the potato balls best we have ever had at a restaurant.    
The pastries were also delicious you have to try them.
A few months into my move from NYC, I so had a hankering for Puerto Rican fare. I looked up Yelp on my phone and Mille's came up. I was not too far away driving up from Tempe so I took the chance and drove to Mesa.
The restaurant was bare bones, pretty much a takeaway joint with the stray table. I looked at the small amount of menu items and spied the pernil and pasteles. Well, this was exactly what I was missing. Ordered with a side of rice and beans and waited for about 15 minutes for my order to come up.
Driving home, I nearly went crazy with the scents of home wafting out of the bag in the footboards of my car.
Am I going to make it home before I tear open the bag and start eating with my fingers?

I made it home and tore open the bag, took out a beer from the fridge and started to taste my treasure. The rice and beans, tasted fresh enough, the pasteles really good. Even by NYC standards. The pernil, was Okay. On the salty side, really salty. But I endured, because I was so desperate to feel like I was home once again.

3 stars due to the overly salted, pernil. Lack of ambiance at the store front. But the pasteles, man they were right on. Next time I gotta ask if they can sell me frozen ones to keep for another hankering!

Hopefully, they will make to restaurant more inviting in the future. But do come out and try great Puerto Rican pasteles! :)
If I was just reviewing the food and the friendliness of the staff I would give 4.5 stars.  Both are really great.  Overall I give 4 stars, because they don't take credit cars for one.  That is a big drawback for me because I don't usually carry cash and I had to go to an ATM and come back.  Secondly, they don't sell fountain drinks.  They sell it in cans but come on...we all know thats just not the same.

I will be going back though because the food is that good.  I had the BBQ pork, yellow rice, and tostones.....all fantastic.
This has to be one of my favorite places to eat in the area. It is a small restaurant, with a small staff but the food is absolutely amazing. 

I have never been to Puerto Rico but if the food everywhere tastes like this I should probably make the trip. I am a lover of sandwiches and the Jibarito has to be one of the best I have ever tasted, easily in the Top 5 sandwiches I have ever had. Well seasoned beef and goodies sandwiched between plaintains, wow!.

Tropi-cola is worth the price, even though it's just a single serving, it complements the food and makes the good even gooder.

Be sure to try the Relleno de Papa and Tostones to warm up for the main dish!
We went to Millie's Cafe to check out the Puerto Rican food today. When we entered the cafe  we saw old home favorites from the Bronx like pastille's,  plantains, cubano sandwiches, peril and couldn't wait to order. The appetizers were fresh seasoned but not hot ( a trademark of good Puerto rican food)  and were huge. My wife and I shared assorted appetizers such as  acapurria,and sweet bananas cooked perfectly, Then we shared this triple meat sandwich composed of pork, beef and ham with pickle and assorted seasonings,  panini style. THe cubano sandwich was made the same way  you would find in Puerto Rico or NYC, that was how good it was made. The prices were more than reasonable and yes they dont take credit cards. However, for $20.00 for 2 people cash where else do you get this quality of homemade food,  We will be coming back and bringing family  and friends. My wife who is an outstanding Puerto Rican cook gave her nod of approval. If you are craving PuertoRican food or just want to try it, give it a chance no $7.00 hamburger comes even close to how you will enjoy this little treasure in the Desert.
If you like Puerto Rican food and you're in the Phoenix area then this is your place. You can either spend hours in the kitchen, put your family on a plane and bring then here to cook for you or just go here for great food. Good portions, reasonable prices and great flavor. I'm sure you won't be disappointed. I've been here a few times and each time it's good.
As a Puerto Rican who lived in the island for 26 years and who cook Puerto Rican food on a weekly basis, I have to say, hands down, that Millie's Cafe is a great option for those interested in authenticity. The staff is really sweet, they make you feel like home. I had their alcapurrias, mofongo and sandwich cubano, and everything was amazing. The only critique is that they don't accept credit cards. Besides that, Millie's is a great option for those who are looking for authentic flavors from the Spanish Caribbean.
A very small establishment with very simple decor, yet extraordinary food. This place is cash only, so make sure to get some before you come. Everything is reasonably priced, I ordered Pernil with arroz con gandules and that cost $6.50. Throw in a can of soda for a dollar and we're talking about lunch w/tip for about $10. My food was excellent, it reminded me of mi abuela's cooking. And the portions were huge, so I'll be having a trip down memory lane for lunch tomorrow too! 5 stars.
I was born and raised in PR, I still live there and I can safely say that this place is a as genuine as they come. I travel a lot for work and this place is tied as the best/most authentic Puerto Rican restaurant I've been to in the states. The other place is in Rochester, NY considering that in Rochester there is a huge Puerto Rican community it says a lot about Millie being able to provide such great authentic good out here in AZ.

Some people have criticised the decor and I understand them thinking this. However, this only made it more genuine because the food and the look of the restaurant was exactly like that of a small cafeteria found in the old town center of a smaller town back in PR. I was transported when I went in.

I've only been once and they did have chicken, I've read a number of reviews that mention it not having chicken always. If this is so then this would be the only issue I could think of.

I recommend the mofongo to anyone that hasn't tried it before, it's great here.

Also, everybody should buy the tostones, they are perfectly made here and they are cheap. They are double fried plantains, specifically green plantains. They are chopped into maybe an inch thick pieces then they are fried until they are golden, then they are removed, squashed and fried again. They sound easy to make and for the most part they are. But they are also easy to not get right and they are perfectly made here.
Drove over 150 miles to eat here! Damn, it was worth every mile!  Authentic Puerto Ricans
 cooking Puerto Rican Food! We had the Pollo con Arroz, Pernil con Arroz Y Gondules, Tostones, Accapuria, and their homemade Flan.  Brought back memories of my grandmothers food! Met the owners and his family and they were as friendly as can be! See you guys when we come back into town.  If you are looking for great Puerto Rican authentic food and your wallet is hurting then this is the place for you. We had a feast and still didn't break the bank.  Average dish price about $6.50. Portion size felt like I was eating at Grandmas house for dinner.  Had enough to take home for snack time later!
First off I'm Puerto Rican! I was not impressed with the food here at all. The flavor was lacking and so was the gravy. Who wants to eat dry rice and chicken! Sorry, just keepin it real. If your looking for friendly service then by all means eat here. The owner is sweet. I didn't finish my food. So after attempting to eating here I went home and cooked real PR food..yum. Gosh I miss the East Coast! Umm I won't be back.
Having moved to Phoenix only a few short months back, we were hoping to find authentic Puerto Rican food in the area since it's everywhere on the East Coast.  We found this place through Urban Spoon and decided we just had to try it out.  

The restaurant itself is one of those "hole-in-the-wall" places that you might just drive right past without even realizing it.  It's obviously a mom and pop place and continues that feel when you walk inside.  The decor is simple, but functional - read as, minimal with fold out table and chairs that work just fine for eating in.  

I don't think that the owner and his wife could have been any nicer!  They were just charming and easy to talk to about where we were from and how much we loved Puerto Rican food.  If you go for nothing else - go say "hi" to the owner.  

We had the chicken and rice, pork (carne asada),  and an order of the empanada - he called it something different, but I forget the name, my apologies.  The chicken and pork were to die for, but the rice wasn't at all what we were expecting.  It wasn't bad, but wasn't awesome.  The meats more than made up for the difference.  

Overall, I'd say we'll go back after trying a few more local area places and perhaps try different sides then the rice and beans (which I won't lie, is disappointing).  

Rating: B+
Went here while visiting family in the area. I am in love. The Pasteles, Gandule Rice, and Guava Cheese Pastry is unbelievable. The pastele was $3.50. The pastry was just under $2. The gandule rice came with slow cooked pork and was on special for $6.50 The food is plenty and well worth it. Although I'm used to paying less for ala carte pastele. It was delicious and I would totally go there again. Who knew cheese and guava could taste so good??!?
So good, just like family makes in New York! I think my favorite is the Pork with rice, although recently I got the Cuban sandwich I was in heaven, every time I meet someone new I always tell them that they have to go to Millie's. and since my sister in-law came from back east who's cooked this kind of food and now that she in the hospital she keeps sending me in for something new, I try to get something different each time we go there, yes I recommend this place to so many I can't count all I have told.
I'm a New York Native and Millie's Cafe has all the goodies that remind me of home. I always get the pernil (roast pork) and rice with gandules which is always great. She also makes great cakes and pastries. The customer service is exceptional and the prices are reasonable. I would recommend Millie's cafe.
Really good food.  Make sure you call in order if your getting take out.  This place is not fast food.  I think they make one order at a time.  I had the mofongo which was good.   Will be going back.
I'm CUBAN and as far as Cuban food in Arizona goes  there is none. No and I don't like Havana cafe.  Milly is the best that we have found. The picnic pork was as good as homemade. The rice is excellent as well as the yucca.... the mofongo which I suggest anyone to try was amazing. It was very.inexpensive ad casual. Totally worth drive fromNorth Scottsdale.  We loved it so much we ordered it for our engagement party and fed 20 ppl for about 150 bucks. Thank you Millie!! We are now regulars.
Stop here frequently! Best Puerto Rican food in Arizona!! If you're looking for some pr comfort food you must stop in! I love Millie's famous flan but always stop in just for pastelillos!! They are just like the ones from the island!!! 

Pros: large portions
Home made from scratch 
Great prices 

Only thing is it's cash only!!!
good food
My first time here and the food is beyond meeting my expectations! It was so delicious! Small place but was greeted by a friendly face and he even talked me thru the menu so that I can make my best choice! Pricest are very good considering the portion size. Definitely gonna be a regular here considering I live very close! Recommend anything with pork.
Since my first review I have been to Millie's to pick up orders of Pasteles (both pork and chicken), alcapurrias (banana fritters stuffed with ground beef), and morcilla (blood sausage).  All of these are uncooked and I cook them myself at home.  What a fantastic idea to have all of these things in the freezer and when I get home from a day out or a shopping spree, I basically don't have to cook!   Put the pasteles on for 45 minutes, add a salad or some veggies on the side and you are done!!! Delicious home made food in less than an hour.  This rocks!  The alcapurrias I fry up 5 or 6 at a time and keep them in the fridge.  Then simply microwave them (wrapped in paper towels) and it is a delicious mid afternoon snack.  I am disappointed that the morcilla is not regularly available as it is only available during the Christmas holidays.  I wish they would take orders and make them available several times a year.  
Continue to make your delicious food Millie... see you this Wednesday to pick up my new order of your yummy food.  
Gracias y buena suerte......

BTW folks,  this is the ONLY real Puertorican restaurant with real puertorican food in the Valley.  Others may be big and fancy but their "puertorican" menu ideas of versions of the real deal.
We had the pork and chicken entrées. Moist and delicious like you might never taste anywhere else. The pastelillos de carne and the 2 plantain appetizers were exceptional as well. The owner said we got lucky on the sweet plantains because she has trouble getting good ones here. Millie and her daughter were very friendly and took the time to guide us through the menu choices and afterwards explain the recipes. If you like some heat, the mix of peppers/water/vinegar/oil/spices was unique and flavorful. Everything is very plain and simple there but it was a great experience. Looking forward to going back and trying some other things as well.
Stopped there for lunch, had an Alcapurria and a Cuban sandwich (I'm Cuban but grew up in Puerto Rico), both were very good. The staff was very attentive and friendly. And the prices are excellent. Will definitely go back to try more things on their menu!
Holy cow this might have been the best Cuban I've ever tasted, and I'm from Florida where Cuban restaurants are pretty common, so I've eaten many. I know it's lame to get a Cuban at a Puerto Rican restaurant, but I can't wait to go back and try one of the entrees.

This gem is tucked into a little strip mall (surprise!) and you can tell instantly it's a mom n pop joint. The lady working the counter was very friendly despite my wide-eyed gringo-ness. I will be back--soon!
Just get the Cubano - it is the best I have ever had.  This $5.50 sandwich is worth all of $12.00 and so good....it's also huge!!!
First I wanna say mmmm mmmm mmmm..... Millie's cafe totally had my husband and I satisfied and to be honest we can't wait to go back for more!!  Both my husband and I are Puerto Rican but all our pr family are back in Detroit/Ohio and Puerto Rico so getting to eat some of the foods we grew up on and loved by someone other then our mothers, grandmothers or aunts was so nice! Totally had us feeling nostalgic... The pastele's were awesome I recommend the yuka ones,but my husband still like the original ones the best... Awesome pork and arroz gandules... Great pastillos... So flaky and good! Rellenos de papas are just like my great aunt would make back home;0) we bought a huge bottle of their home made pike-pika and my husband is now in heaven! I expect to go through the bottle every two weeks or so so.... I suppose we will just have to return again and again to get more ;0)  ultimately with Millie's the owners are so nice and welcoming and since the food is so good and definitely authentic Puerto Rican cuisine it's a win win situation! I definitely recommend giving Millie's a try you won't be sorry! The only thing that could improve this place would be that it was closer to where we live and maybe a few slices of avocado available just in case people wanted to order them... I personally love avocado on everything, but that's just me... Neither the hour drive nor the lack of avocado will stop us from being back;0)
A diamond in the rough! Order something to go as seating is limited to about 12 persons inside. 
Enjoy!
Great food, great service, great prices! Being born and raised in Puerto Rico I'm a tough critic when it comes to "comida criolla" and I gotta say this place is an oasis in the middle of the desert. I just wish it was closer to Yuma so I could go more often.
All the food here is very authentic and very well prepared one of my favorite places to eat  I'm glad I found this little hidden place , I I recommend the special relleno De Pappas, and the yucca pasteles are the best I've ever had!
they are one the best family run cafe"s in america period! They really care and i am very  proud to have such a fine example of my puerto rican heritage in this state.Pastelios de guava pastries are addictive!
Small restaurant, but food is good and authentic, and the staff is friendly. If you're in the mood for something a little different but not totally out of the ordinary, this is a great choice.
Everything is great here as far as the food goes. They are cash only so that first makes be suspicious and we came here tonight and are waiting 40 mins for our food. They had a lot of people but they should be able to serve more then three groups in a timely manner. If there is anyone in line in front of you choose somewhere else. If your the only one, stop by and enjoy some great food.
Calling all Puerto Ricans if you haven't been to Millies you haven't been to the best Boricua food West of the Mississippi and possible east of it. My mother in law who lives in Puerto Rico is the only other amazing Puerto Rican food and I'm not obligated to say that ;) We are here on Mother's day and the little place is packed. From the Pernil con arroz con gandules to the pasteles the food is amazing. They are known for their mofongo which is really good too in fact everything on the menu is good. And don't forget the flan for dessert. She makes it homemade and from what Millie has told us she sells it to other mexican restaurants in the area. I would take a picture of the food but I already ate it. :)
I had the pernil con arroz and gandules, tostones with garlic sauce and mofongo with pork. I am not sure what authentic Puerto Rican food is supposed to taste like because it was my first experience with it ... But I will say this, everything tasted AWESOME to me! This place is cozy and clean.  I will be back and I officially love Puerto Rican food and Millie's. Cash only. Make sure to ask for pikka pikka (hot sauce). Great for takeout.
I took my Spanish class to Millie's, and it was a great experience.  The entire staff was very friendly and accommodating.  You could tell they truly cared about every one of their customers and are very passionate about Puerto Rican Cuisine.  And the food! Wow! I tried the mofongo for the first time, and was very impressed.  Everything I have tried on their menu has been delicious.  You really can't go wrong with Millie's!!!
I've had the mofongo, totones, arroz con habichuelas and pernil.  Everything was great!  Staff there are awesome, very friendly and bring things to you. 

The things I would definitely work on for this place are:  DON"T take credit cards only cash.  Also they serve things on paper plates, I don't understand why they won't serve on regular plates, even if they are plastic.  

However, food is good and I will be back.
Best Cuban sandwich EVER!!!  Great service, clean and DELICIOUS!!  I ate the cuban sandwich with a side of maduros and a malta..my better half ate Pernil w/mofongo; alcapurria; papa rellena and topped it off w/tres leche cake. (He likes to eat)--we both Highly recommend!!!!  All that food under $30....Cash only so come ready
Me and a friend were trying to find a new Cuban food restaurant since Havana Cafe's Arcadia location closed in April. My friend found this place to try, which is Puerto Rican food and very similar to Cuban food so we decided to give this place a shot.

It's a very unassuming, small counter service place with just 3 tables but we were able to grab a table and order quickly. The menu is small; they had a couple of specials listed, a few types of sandwiches,  a variety of sides, desserts, and canned and bottled beverages.

A large part of the positive experience was based on the service. They were sooo nice! They asked if we had any questions and explained any dishes we weren't sure of. I wish you could find service like that in other places! 

As far as the food, I ordered the half steak sandwich,  a side of Amarillos (sweet fried plantains, akin to Cuban Maduros), Alcapurrias (banana/yucca mix stuffed with ground beef), and the rellenos papas (a deep fried ball of mashed potatoes stuffed with ground beef). My friend ordered the...and my apologies I don't remember the name...the chicken dish with rice, a pastel (tamale like concoction stuffed with pork), and the tostones  (savory plantains smashed down and fried like chips) with garlic sauce. Everything was amaaazing! So good! Just as good as Havana Cafe yet it was very affordable...bonus!!

The only downside was they take cash only and the menu is small but all in all I think it was a 5 star worthy place.  Unfortunately,  I live in the North valley but if I'm on that side of town I'll gladly stop there!
My new favorite place for puerto rican food. Excellent service and friendly staff. Authentic flavor straight from the island. Tostones, tripletas, arroz con habichuelas, pasteles...yumm!
My wife is Puerto Rican and one of the pickiest people on the planet when it comes to food especially puerto rican food. If her mom didn't make it can't be good right? WRONG! I ordered pernil and tostones just to try the place. 
My wife could not resist. She ate half of what I ordered and proceeded to order a second round and added arroz con gandules.
She ate until she was full and we brought the rest home for later.
Based on my wife's reaction, this joint is great!
Great prices too but cash only!
Omg! Went in on a whim and it was sooooo good! Very friendly,  helpful with  the menu. Offered advice on what to get.  Described all the menu ites and what is in them.
The pork just melts in your mouth, and the rice and beans was tasty. The Cubana was also excellent. Super friendly service!
Have to go back soon to try the pastels and the tres leches...
Surprise surprise.

At a first glance, it's very suspicious. I thought it's just another Mexican restaurant on Park street.  Not really. It's actually a sister restaurant to the next door Inca Heritage. It's a very homey, casual version of it. The menu offers somewhat intriguing selection of latin fast food (sorry if my characterization is wrong). They offer a lot of grilled chicken dishes, sandwich with grilled chicken/meat, and rice bowls. 

While waiting for my gal pals for a lunch, I decided to order fried plantain and fried sweet-potatoes for appetizers. They were ok. For the main meal, I ordered their chopped beef + egg rice bowl. Wowza - unexpectedly delicious. The service was awkward but very pleasant. The good lunch experience made me wanting more.
The atmosphere was pretty lame, but it could be worse.  The prices were reasonable, and my boyfriend's food looked and smelled fine.  I wish I could have tried more than a salad, but there were no vegetarian dishes available.  I was fairly surprised by this as Inka Heritage has several vegetarian options, and it is, after all, Madison.  They didn't offer accommodations either.  I hope they change the menu a little so that I can try it soon.
I'm really impressed with this place: delicious food at an affordable price. Don't go for the atmosphere, but it's great for take-out. I'm from Peru so I'm biased toward that part of the menu, but I've gone back again and again, so I've tried quite a bit.

My favorite of the sanguches is the chicharrón, but the Peruvian sautée is also very good, as well as the Colombian rellenito if you like morcilla (like blood sausage). 

From the chicken chops, I've only tried the Peruvian. The serving was large for the price, and the chicken was much tastier than I expected, while the rice was good, but not really special.

The arepas are quite good, and specially so when dipped in the huacatay sauce, which I can't stop putting on everything. The other sides I've tried (papa rellena, tamale, fried sweet potatoes) have been nice, but not outstanding.

Out of the desserts, I think I've only tried the lúcuma mousse, which is really good on its own or as the end of a more than satisfying meal. From the drinks, I suggest the chicha morada.

Overall, it tastes very authentic and I hope it catches on, because it's already one of my favorites. Not a fancy place at all, but the food is really great if you know what to order.
A tasty lunch at a very reasonable price! We went right at noon and they were not busy. Only had 1 waiter/counter person on staff so service was a bit slow but the food was pretty good. We had the Peruvian Chicken Chop Bowl, the Mexican Chicken Chop Bowl, sweet potato fries and a yummy drink. Whole bill was $18, I think. 

Best parts: the chop bowls and the drink.
Worst parts: they were out of horchata (sad) and the fries were served room-temp at best - not certain if they were supposed to be hot or cold or ??? 

But - I'd certainly go back and recommend others to check it out.
I've only done take-out from Fiesta 38 and I can definitively say its awesome.  Add in the fact that the prices are a steal and they deliver and you get 5 stars from me.  

The Cuban chopped bowl is delicious.  When I first opened the container I was disappointed as it looked like a typical, boring take-out rice dish.  I was way wrong.  The meat is smokey, the rice is flavorful and their homemade sauces are incredible.  

Give it a shot.
So yummy! The atmosphere isn't the greatest, and the service is pretty slow, even when there aren't many people there, but the food makes up for it! I've been there several times and everything is so tasty. My favorite is the Cuban chopped bowl. I'm excited they deliver now and will have to try that soon :)
Though their lunch service is really really slow, their food more than makes up for the wait. Plus they keep bringing chips and a fantastic cilantro salsa out, making the wait not seem so bad. 

The Cubanito is the best pulled pork sandwich I have ever had, with delicious homemade bread. It's now my second favorite sandwich in Madison. Their chop bowls are all really tasty as well.
Very good, excellent value, we had Cuban and Peruvian platters. Both perfectly cooked, seasoned, and served promptly. Absolute return.
Craving some Pio Pio Peruvian Chicken from NYC, this place caught my eye. It lived up to my expectations, and dare I say surpassed my Pio Pio cravings. Its better than Pio Pio! OH MY- yes, it is. The food is cooked with a lot more care and flavor than Pio Pio in NYC. The atmosphere is friendly and authentic. We loved the "fixings bar" with the assorted sauces and pickles & stuff. The restaurant is clean and neat, and they have these cute little things on each table that will alert the server if you need help or not. We LOVED IT! we will be back, CHICKEN MMMMMMMMM!
My daughter and I ate here after the gym since it is really close by the 24hr fitness and I I never tried this place out. I have never had Peruvian food before so hey why not something to knock off my list of foods to try. 

As we walked in we were welcomed by a young lady and a young gentlemen. They were very friendly and helpful. The place was really clean and has lots of pictures on the wall. 

The gentlemen told me about the chicken so I ordered the half of rotisserie chicken and made it a combo which came with fries and house salad. The also served us bread which my daughter really liked! The chicken was really good, didn't really eat the fries because I just worked out, but the salad was like any other salad. Mix the chicken and salad together oh my it is delicious! However, I did order dessert which was the caramel crepes, it was really good but had too much caramel! Yes it was so worth it, I did feel a little guilty but you gotta go all out when your trying a new type of food! 

I am definitely coming back here again to try some other items which caught my eye! 

As for prices the half of rotisserie chicken combo was $12.99 make it a whole it's $15.99 combo but just the chicken itself $9.99 half $7.99 
Dessert which was the crepes was $4.99 and yes it was worth every penny!
A rotisserie chicken place with a nice dose of homey ethnic flair - what's not to love?

I kept it simple and split a whole chicken ($9.99) with a coworker. Drinks were $2. Food came out quickly and I dig the decor - eclectic and fun. Very Peruvian seeming, but what do I know ?

Chicken was fabulous! Moist and very flavorful. I'm am a hearty eater and 1/2 a chicken with no sides was perfect for me. I can imagine if you're adding sides, desserts (the caramel crepes looked ridiculously good!), etc, you're probably fine with a 1/4 chicken. 

When they brought out chimichurri sauce and salsa for the chicken my heart sang for joy- delicious! Yup, I'll be back!
I ordered to-go. I know the name is chicken and the game is the rotisserie, but I just had to try their Lomo Saltado. I haven't had that in forever and I used to love it as a kid. Lomo Saltado is beef strips with tomotoes, red onions sauteed in soy,vinegar,spices served on fries and rice.

While I was waiting the lady working the front of the house offered me some ice water while I wait- sweet, and hospitable of a gesture.

The smell of the food in the car was crazy overwhelming. When I got home I squeezed a bit of lemon on top and dug in. It was pretty good- the beef was soft and lean but juicy and dish was spiced well. 

Definitely the chicken seems to be the star, but the other dishes seem worthy of a try- at least mine was good. Also it's not just Peruvian dishes, half the menu is Argentinean. 

This place will definitely go in my work lunch rotation.
The owners at Che Inka have been running this place for about three and a half months now, and have added an argentinean menu to the already existing peruvian menu, so you have the best of both cultures.

We met Sylvana and her husband(didn't get his name) and instantly, they made us feel right at home and had us start off with some warm bread and Chimichurri. Wanting to try their chicken because they advertise themselves as a chicken grill, they suggested we try their  Saltado Mixto (Peruvian style fajitas). We also got an order of their Ceviche as well as an order of the Papa a la  Huanciana (Potatoes with a creamy"aji" sauce made with cheese and chilis)

their drinks are great as well. Sylvia got a passionfruit(Maracuya) drink and I got an Inca Kola(a golden cola from Peru that tastes like a cross between banana and bubble gum)

the ceviche was very refreshing and paired with the toasted corn, sweet potato, and corn on the cob made a delicious combination.

The potatoes had a homey taste and feel to them. simple, tasty, and had a kick  to them.

The Saltado Mixto(Chicken and Beef Fajitas) was good but nothing memorable. It was similar to the Lomo Saltado we ate at Little Dumplings on Eastern.

Feeling stuffed, we deciided to try their Pasta Flora, a traditional Quince Pie for dessert. It was good, but the quince was a little too sweet for me. All in all, a good time, and we'll be back to try items on their Argentinean menu as well as their famous Peruvian rotisserie chicken. Sylvana and her husband are very hospitable and also let us in on future happenings at the restaurant. They will be having Parilladas(Just like a churrasceria) at $30 a person for all you carnivores out there on special days throughout each month(send them your e-mail to recieve details) and they will also feature latin rock nights.

Don't forget to take a box of Alfajores (cookies sandwiched with dulce de leche) home....ALOHA!!!
Well, lately I've been backsliding in my effort to avoid beef -- even in cases where I'm not sure if its chemical-free.  It's just that, with certain dishes, temptation gets the better of me.  I was introduced to the Peruvian dish saltado (beef strips sauteed with onion, tomato, and cilantro) a few years ago and it was love at first bite, so when I heard about the Che Inka Chicken Grill, I just had to come here for some lomo saltado.  

My concern (before ordering) was that I may have unfairly romanticized the dish in my memory, making it impossible to ever enjoy it as I did before.  But I needn't have worried.  All the right flavors were there and I had a very favorable impression of Che Inka's saltado. 

So will I be back?  Definitely.  Would I order their saltado again?  I would.  But variety is the spice of life, and I saw plenty of other tempting dishes on the menu, including some of the Argentinian ones, that I will want to try on future visits.
My husband and I decided to try this place, we had read some reviews and heard some things, and thought it was time to try. We were greeted warmly at the door and the menu was explained. Two sides, Argentinian and Peruvian. 

We decided to try the whole roasted chicken and split it, and then got an order of anticuchos de carne, beef marinated kabobs, in a special pepper sauce, came with french fries, corn and little salad. 

We were given a loaf of bread, and chimichurri to go with it. We snacked on it while waiting. We got our meal and she brought us a basket with different sauces in squeeze bottles. One really hot, one slight less hot, ketchup and one for the salad. We then were tempted by the carmel crepes, yummy goodness served warm, covered with powdered sugar. It was wonderful. 

Overall, a good meal, light, not too heavy, the prices were reasonable, and the atmosphere pleasant. I think it would deserve a revisit.
Everytime I pass this place, I tell myself I should give it a try, it looked intresting        Since today I was trying to low carb it I just ordered the chicken, so this review is solely based on the chicken and service . The chicken was so-so, nothing special to me.
          IMO Costco put out a better tasting product. The chicken did  not look or taste fresh. The server brought out four sauces in squeeze bottles and as she was explaining each sauce she had the bad habit of pointing and touching the tips of the spout, yes where the sauce comes out, gross. At least she did not lick her fingers as she was doing this. I watched her do the finger thing to another table, so I guess it's a habit with her. I skimmed my wife carol's k 's review and noticed she would go back, I guess she dines alone;)
Always have been a big fan of Inka Chicken from back when it was on Maryland Parkway & Karen until it closed. I was very excited when I was driving down Rainbow & seen the new restaurant. I was planning to surprise the Mrs. and take her to dinner there on Sunday. 

When we walked in there were only 2 other tables taken so we were seated right away. We were anxious to try their Peruvian food. We checked out the menu and decided to try a variety of different meals. 

So far so good. We placed our order & my wife was explaining to me about the new owner, & that he was from Argentina. While we were waiting for our food I guess the owner showed up as well with his lovely son, and daughter. Everything still good so far. 

Our order finally came & most of the dishes were pretty bland, flavor wise & we added our additional seasonings which made it ok. While we were eating we noticed the kids were running back & fourth from the kitchen to the lobby....no big deal. Until the little girl started playing with the handle of the fire extinguisher, and I also noticed the pin missing & guess which direction it was pointing. But, luckily no harm, no fowl......she left it alone when she seen her father coming back. 

Now heres the kicker even though the food was ok, the owner came out and spoke to a gentleman at the first table and shook his hand. Then proceeded to the second table in front of us & talked to the couple there. He then walked right pass our table & started speaking with another couple that just came in a few minutes before we got our food. I asked my wife (who is from Peru by the way) if he really just walked by us & said nothing.....WOW !!! Was it because I'm a Black American with a Peruvian wife or what? I was going to ask if there was a problem, but my wife talked me out of the confrontation. All he had to do was ask how we enjoyed our meal (in spanish or english) & then went to the next table, then everything would have been fine. 

All I can say is WTF.......If the owner treats all his customers that way he would be out of business soon. There is not a chance in HELL we are ever going there again! New management, old style racism !!! Man.... what year is this? Only gave one star because you can't give a zero! 

Still gave the waitress a nice tip out of sympathy if anything else.
See my review under Inka Chicken.....without the Che.
This place is the outcome of the failed Inka Si Senor that was on Maryland Parkway some time ago. It then became Inka Chicken or something, and it's now Che Inka, mixing Peruvian and Argentine food. It's pretty good, as long as you avoid the rotisserie chicken. 

The rotisserie chicken was kinda dry, and not nearly as flavorful as some of the other ones served around town. It was actually kind of a let-down, but it was quickly forgotten when the rest of the plates came out. The empanadas, milanesas, and salads were all great. Way better than we expected given the chicken fiasco. Maybe they're trying to make this place more Argentine than Peruvian and are thus focusing their efforts on that side, I guess. I don't know. But dang, it was good! The chimichurri was great, too, so I'm not complaining! They also have a mini salsa bar, which was stocked full of awesome little sauces... I tried all of them, and they're all full of delicious.

The service here was ok. At first, they were super good about taking our orders and getting our drinks and everything, then they kinda forgot about us once we got our food. I didn't even notice their absence until I needed more water. That was not the best.

The prices were good, too. The chicken, as is the case in most Peruvian places, was cheap. The other dishes were fairly priced, too, though they were pricier than the chicken. Still, our party of four walked away with a $70 bill, which was pretty dang good!

All in all, I will continue coming back here for the milanesa alone, which was top notch. I'll stay away from the kitchen, and make sure to request extra glasses of water!
Decided to try this place because we had a coupon from Entertainment.com's coupon book, for the former location called Inka Chicken. On this visit was my wife and I, along with our infant son. Upon entering the restaurant, the owner was very friendly and was kind enough to honor the coupon. Being of Argentine descent, I was pretty excited that there was a place to eat with items that you may not find elsewhere. 

The owner seated us, gave us menus and drinks immediately, and spent some time speaking to us about the menu, about the restaurant, and told us about himself. We each decided on a reasonably-priced sandwich. One was the steak milanesa sandwich and the other was the churrrasco steak.  The wait for the food was average, and the portion size was acceptable. Each sandwich was served with french fries and a variety of dipping sauces. 

We each ordered a fountain soft drink, which the menu states as costing for refills. Soda is a huge sticking point in my opinion, as most places overcharge. Adding a cost for refills is unneccesary for fountain drinks. I had inquired with the owner, and he was kind enough to offer free refills. That was a huge plus. 

The food was fresh, meat was tender and seasoned adequately, and the overall taste was pleasant. The sauces for the french fries were very unique and very enjoyable as well. Overall, I would say that this meal was an acceptable choice for us, and the final price even without a coupon was reasonable. 

I am excited to take my father there, who is from Argentina, to visit for their lunch specials. The lunch special is around $7 and there are coupons for a free drink with lunch. Again, the drink is a huge plus. 

Definitely check this place out if youre in the mood for something a little different, and if you would like a change of pace from fast food and the usual suspects. I always like to keep in mind that in a city like Las Vegas, that independent owners are always working extra hard to get noticed. I always try to support local and family establishments, even if the cost is a little more. This little place is well worth a visit, even if just for a quick lunch.
Che Inka offers a menu of Argentina and Peruvian foods. Having been born and raised in Argentina, I only order from the Argentina menu. Their selection of Argentine foods is not bad, they have many of the classics such as empanadas, milanesa and choripan. The service is not the best, typically one server who spends most of her time behind the counter, however, it's easy to get past that when you taste the food. Their asado "bbq" is very good, they use cuts of meat that truly do taste much like our asados in Argentina. So far, all the menu items I've ordered were very tasty and authentic. I do have one suggestion, if they do not bring you any free bread, ask for bread and chimichurri, it's free and it is amazing.
Ordered 1 cebiche de pescado $10.95 which contained :
2 onces sweet potato
2 full regular potato
1oz chanchita( peruvian deep fried corn)
4-5 onces big chunks tilapia fish
At first I though it was too much fish, but then I realized it was a big sliced red onion underneath the fish!!! Was this an onion cebiche or a fish cebiche? You can see a picture of how the cebiche looked like, I just uploaded it. Its the one that says "the smallest cebiche I've ever had"
Found this place because of a review from The Weekly.  This is my first go for Peruvian food and I was not disappointed.  The spice sauces provided enhanced the dishes and did not overpower it.

Went there with a friend who was in town and we ordered the following dishes: Anticuchos de Carne (basically beef kabobs) and the Peruvian Panca Sauce was yummy!  I enhanced it with the smoky-ish sprice sauce (orange colored).  My friend ordered the Aji de Gallina (basically chicken and potatoes) and she enhanced it with the peruvian green chile spice sauce that gave the dish an extra kick.  It was a creamy, soul food-type essence to it.  We both ordered the Chica Morada, a sweet drink made of purple corn and other juices - very reminiscent to Hibiscus infused tea ... it was not tea, but it was soo good! 

We ordered from the Peruvian menu BUT will be back to try the Argentenian fare!!
The best of the best great food great place don't take my word for it try it your self!!!!!!!!!!!! you will love it
Truly 5 Star Peruvian Food; the tastes were delicious, the people were friendly, and the prices are reasonable. Definitely come try this place, you will come back.
Good lunch place, yummy rotissery chicken, and green rice. I'm not a fan of chicha, some peeps like it. Its fermented purple corn. But definitely try the rotissery chicken!
as much as i dont want to i give five stars be cause i have been following them around a long time...i love the lomo saltado and their arroz con pollo i have to admit they were alot nicer at the previous location on buffalo i believe and even better on maryland and they used to serve my favorite beer cristal but hopefully they will get back to that eat here save this place!!!! The food is amazing
This place got a complete makeover and all I have to say is : WOWWWW!!
It looks amazing, it has a beautiful atmosphere and it feels very welcoming. The food is extremely good, starting with the empanadas, my favorites are the chicken and beef empanadas, they bring different salsas to go with them too. After that I always go for the arroz con pollo(chicken with rice). The chicken is very juicy and flavorful and the cilantro rice tastes like the recipe came from the heavens above. If you are a meat lover you have to try the parrillada Argentina, very very good, the meat is cooked to perfection and the flavors of the meat are d.e.l.i.c.i.o.u.s. For dessert you have to try the argentinian(I think) pancakes. They are filled with dulce de leche and they are soooooo good. Let's not forget about the home made flan,and they also have this amazing typical ice cream. Oh what the hell, everything is good! Just go try it yourself, you wont be disappointed. Experimenting with other foods, cultures, etc is one of the great pleasures of living. So go ahead, live a little =)
The place was very clean, the server super friendly and willing to make suggestions on the menu, I had a great lunch and Yes I did like the food i will come back to this Peruvian restaurant.
Based solely on the pollo saltado "peruvian fajitas", which was the only thing I tried, I probably would never eat peruvian food here or anywhere else again.

  It was all the worst things about bad chinese fast food dark meat chicken, only with no sauce to hide that fact, served over soggy french fries and rice.  I wanted to try the ahi de gallina, but they didn't have it when I was there - I don't know if that was temporary or permanent. I'm not sure if I'll be able to stomach going back to try again to give it another chance.
Inka Fest just opened in Dec 2010.  The food is very authentic with quality quite similar to Contigo Peru just a mile away; however, Inka Fest prices are a bit more competitive.  Atmosphere is also better, as they had a live satellite feed of Peruvian television, which was pretty cool.  

They need to get some signage up quick, as there's nothing to distinguish the suite as a restaurant, let alone a Peruvian restaurant.  I'm sure they're working on it.  

It's nice to have another option for Peruvian in town.  I'll certainly be back.
My husband and I ate at Inka Fest Peruvian Restaurant tonight.  The place has only been open since December 2010, but they have the menu down pat.   We had empanadas as an appetizer.  The pastry was light and flaky and the meat filling quite savory.  I had Pescado Sudado which is fish fillet steamed in a tomato sauce with thick-sliced onions and yucca.  The fish was amazingly tender.  My husband had Arroz con Mariscos, a paella that was chock full of a variety of seafood.  We topped dinner off with Peruvian ice cream.

The prices are extremely reasonable (my fish dish was $9.95) and the wait staff very pleasant and accomodating.  There is a TV that we asked them to turn down and they had no problem with that, completely turning off the volume for us.

We'll definitely be back, and bring friends with us.
My BF and I had a lovely dinner here the other night. I have been craving for some Peruvian food, particularly Lomo Saltado, so I was pretty excited to come across this restaurant on Yelp. 

We had: 

Papas Rellena ($4.95): Just one potato ball was in an order and it's served with a side of salsa criolla (thin sliced red onions, tomatoes and herbs in a vinaigrette). It tasted pretty good but for some the heavy olive flavor might be a little much. Lucky for me, I'm a fan of olive. Grant it it was one large potato ball but IMO it's not worth it for the price. Maybe I'm just spoiled by Porto's potato balls back in CA where it's like 90 cents each.

Chicharon de Calamar ($7.25): Fried Calamaris in other words. This was delicious. The batter was light, crispy and well seasoned. The calamaris were soft and tender and cooked perfectly. This was served with tartar sauce and salsa criolla but I found the Aji sauce they bring out with the bread and butter at the beginning of the meal was a better dipping sauce for these. 

Lomo Saltado ($9.95): Yum! Just what I was hoping for. This definitely satisfied my craving. The whole dish was cooked perfectly with the right amount of sauce and was not too greasy. The beef was tender and the veggies were slightly crunchy and not overcooked to a mush. 

Pescado a lo Macho ($12.95): This was a plate of seafood heaven. On the bottom, it was a lightly fried fish fillet. Over the fish was a mixture of different seafood including: shrimps, squid, scallops and mussels in a creamy tomato sauce. I only got a small sample of this dish and thought it was delicious. My BF loved this dish and polished off the entire plate. It is quite a bargain for the amount of seafood that was loaded on to this dish. 

I was a little saddened that throughout our whole meal, we were the only ones in the restaurant. Although when we were just seated, a gentlemen came in and picked up an order to go. Our server (who is the niece of the owners) had said they are slowly getting new patrons each day. They have been open a little over a month and she hopes that when they get their new sign up that it would attract new customers and help them get more business. I sure hope so. The chef/owner also stopped by near the end of our meal to thank us for coming in. He asked about our meals and chit chat with us a bit before heading back to the kitchen. 

Our dinner was very enjoyable. Food was excellent and the service was awesome. The total for our 2 apps and 2 entrees including 2 sodas and a passion fruit drink (which was also delicious) was about $44 before tip. What a steal. We will most definitely be back! There are lots of other dishes on the menu that were very intriguing.
We've been to Contigo Peru a number of times, and so when we read about Inka Fest being opened by the same team, we tried it out.    Some of the same dishes as Contigo but with a different twist, and some completely different ones, too.  Everything we had was great, and the service was good, too.   This building has had several restaurants go under in the last few years, but this one definitely deserves to succeed.   The prices are very reasonable, too, in fact maybe a bit less than Contigo.
Yum yum... after having a fun afternoon at the Desert Botanical Gardens and walking thru the Yucca and Aloe exhibits, my mind had locked onto the idea of getting some yucca for dinner. haha

So what did I do?  Well, I came home and Yelped 'yucca'... quicker than a snap, up popped a variety of restaurants and bars in my area.  Well, after skimming reviews on each of them, I picked the restaurant that was the newest and more reasonably priced, Inka Fest.  An hour later, my roommate, my guy and I were sitting at one of their tables, trying to decided between the many delicious-looking options.  We appetized with empanadas and fried yucca and ended with Bistec a la pobre, saltado camarones and saltado pollo.  It was all delicious!  Seriously, I'd reorder any of the 3 dishes.  

The only note was that the restaurant was a lil quiet... could've used some musica in the background.  It was interesting to see the Peruvian channel but it would have been better to have captions on the TV and music playing in the restaurant... for the non-Spanish speaking patrons. 

I'll definitely be back.  I'm still thinking about my shrimp saltado!

See ya there. :)
Wanted to try Peruvian cuisine, so this was our first visit.  We tried two of the appetizers - both rellena dishes - one with potato on the outside filled with meat, and the other was a circular stack of potato and chicken.  Both excellent.  Dinner was a pescado dish and loma saltado.  The loma saltado is a bit of a surprise - it's a plate with fries, tomatoes and excellent marinated meat all in a sauce.  You have to try it.  Wonderful flavor.  Really good value, too.  Two appetizers, two entrees, two desserts (you must have the flan), three sodas, tax and tip was $65.  Nice place. We'll be back ....
I had dinner here last week and it was so yummy that I wish they were open today (not open on Tuesdays). If I could, I would give this place 4.5 stars. 

My guest and I shared papa a la huancaina, lomo saltado, flan and ice cream. Of course we washed it down with Inca Cola. The papa a la huancaina was very good and the lomo saltado was absolutely delicious. My guest had saltado de mariscos which she didn't share (ok, so I may be a little bitter); she said it was really good. The flan and ice cream were different, they had a bit of a kick to them, but still good. That was by far the best Peruvian food I've had in Phoenix and I'll definitely be back.
My wife and I are regular patrons at neighboring Cornish Pasty, which is always packed on Fridays.  We have seen the Inka Fest restaurant slowly take shape since December and finally decided to visit.  What a great decision!  The food is great and tasty and our server was very helpful in helping us navigate the Peruvian entres.  I would recommend getting an app, then share a plate because it is a lot of food for the price.  They have Peruvian bands visiting and my hunch is it would be cool to go when a band is playing as there would be more of a crowd.  I see this place getting more popular over time as the food, service and location are great.  They need to get a liquor license!  That would have put an extra star on this review.
Everything is good, the service, the music, the decor, and the authentic taste!  I was very impressed with the huge chunks of tenderized meat and SAUCE!  It's all about the sauce.  Spicy green mint sauce, orange tomato based sauce, and the Causa Rellena de Pollo o Camaron were still very good.  The Cau cau was very tasty, with a good sauce to top on the white rice.  The pollo a la brasa was so delicious just falling apart in your mouth and the spices took over your taste buds for at least a few minutes (if you can even span your bites that far apart!).  Overall, great authentic Peruvian Dining.
I was pleasantly surprised by the food!  Its the spices that make the dishes.  We ended up here late one night and they happily served us.  Wait staff were very attentive and friendly- gave good recommendations when asked.

I had a simple potato and beef dish which was served with some sort of dipping sauce that was TO DIE FOR, really spicy and so flavorful!  I poured it all over my meal!

My husband was less impressed, he says 3 stars, I say 4!
Who knew that Peruvian food was so delicious? Or that it even existed? I am so glad that I finally went to try this kind of food. My friend and I have a deal that whenever we go to dinner we have to try a new type of food. In order to facilitate this, I clicked through every food category on Yelp until I found this place. 
So the place is cute and has nice decor. Our waitress was a nice girl, who was helpful in picking out my meal. First she brought out a green salsa, a red salsa, and some kind of corn kernels that were popped... but not popcorn? It was really interesting. They're like the original corn nuts! The green sauce was good, spicy and flavorful, the red sauce was a bit too vinegar -y for my taste. For the main course, I ordered the pollo saltado and my friend ordered the saltado inka. The Pollo saltado is chicken with onions, tomatoes, cilantro, and french fries (?!?!) with some kind of light sauce, and a side of rice. It all worked so well! The flavors were bold and delicious. It was made even better by the fact that it was only 9$. I will definitely be coming back for more of this surprisingly delicious food!
My friend and I visited Inka Fest on an early Wednesday evening. When we first arrived (around 4:40), the place was empty. By the time we left, it had filled up a bit. Very open seating area with enough space between tables so you don't feel like you are part of someone else's conversation.

I had the Chicha Morada (purple corn drink) to start. It was delicious! It looks like grape juice, but has a flavor unlike anything I can describe. Try it! It is very good.

For dinner, I went with the empanadas (Pastry stuffed with seasoned ground beef loin, hard-boiled egg, onions, olives and raisin - served with a lime). The empanadas were a little blah UNTIL I squeezed the lime on them. Then the flavors just exploded! I might have moaned a little in pleasure.

I also had the Platano Frito (fried ripe plantains... like a banana, but firmer and way better). They were very good if a little greasy. 

My friend had the Cuarto de Pollo (quarter of chicken marinated Peruvian style). She ate every last bite and said the flavoring was fantastic. 

My first time trying Peruvian food definitely won't be my last!
I have eaten at a ton of peruvian food joints and this place is tops! Don't pass on this place, authentic and great portions. My #1 choice.
Not knowing much (or anything, really) about Peruvian food, going here was a completely new experience for me. I absolutely love yucca (potato-like plant eaten in Peru) and Inka Fest does it right. Since it has been awhile since I ate here, I do not recall the specific dishes. However, I do recall the Pisco Sour being absolutely delicious. It's made with pisco (liquor), lemon or lime juice, egg whites, and bitters. So delicious! I would recommend this place to anyone looking to try Peruvian food. I really enjoyed it.
Delicious!! 

Went here for dinner on a Friday night, and they had live music along with great service. We ordered the yucca for an appetizer and loved it! My boyfriend also tried the Chicha Morada (purple corn drink) and liked it. We ending up splitting a large seafood dish as are main meal and it was awesome. I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant. If you have never tried Peruvian food like me, I highly recommend checking this place out.
Bland food, rude service (from an Italian grandfather--which is weird); however,  I've since learned not to blame it on Peru!!
This was a total random pick for dinner.. it was a Monday night and Contigo Peru was closed so I yelped for another Peruvian choice. 

From the outside, it doesn't look like much, but the inside is pretty spacious and clean. Interesting that this place actually had a good amount of people for a Monday night as well. We called and ordered Chaufa de Pollo (Chicken Fried Rice), Pollo Saltado, and Bistek (sweet plantains were delicious!) a lo pobre.. with red and green sauce ($34.75), and really full with just 3 dishes. 

I realized that I only had the exact cash for the bill, and asked the owner if that included tip, in which he replied, "You don't have to tip, you picked it up". Talk about awesome, right? Food was absolutely authentic and delicious, I'm only sorry we didn't try it earlier!
Skip this restaurant and go next door to Pasty Company.
Found this place thanks to Yelp!  Glad I finally went!  My friend and I decided to go for a later lunch and they had $6.95 lunch specials. This was perfect since neither one of us had been there before.  We decided to each get a different dish and then share. We opted for the Pollo Saltado and the Tallarin Saltado de pollo. The portions are huge and it was really really good!  Next time I would really like to try the Lomo Saltado. Actually, I wanna try everything on the menu. 
The service was ok. The girl that waited on us was unsure of the soup but did go ask about it. I had to ask for more water. I still will go back to try other stuff though!!
I waited over and hour for the ceviche de camarones. When it arrived it was literally 8 pieces of shrimp and a pile of onions. Ridiculous.  They said it takes a long time to make.  I'm not buying it and I'm never coming back. No tip.
Worst service ever! We waited over an hour for our food. Some of our group got the soup that came with the lunch special and others didn't. When asked when we were getting our soup the server said she was going to bring us salad instead because they ran out of soup. Well, we never got a salad either, but we still were charged full price for our meal even though we didn't get all of it. They could have at least comp'd the drink or something. The food was just so-so. I will never go back. Cornish Pasty, Pink Pepper or Serrano's are all much better choices in this area. Even Sonic would have been better.
It was my first time here and came with a good size group. The food was good but the serve seemed to struggle with the group. It took very long to get our food and it came in parts so some got to eat before others. Also when it came time to pay splitting the bill became an ordeal since she didn't know who got what. They have a waltz class going as well, which the music made the wait a little more painful. Overall not the best experience.
Background -- visited Inka Fest as part of a school fundraiser for grand-daughter-- and that matters because she ended up on the "stage" with school friends who performed an impromptu concert for teachers and family. The gentleman whom I assume was the owner was fine with that.  Yeah!  He was also very friendly and informative for our 6 person (3 adult) group which was new to Peruvian food.  We all savored our food: fried platano appetizer -- yummy, sweet, kinda like a finger food pudding; "chicken nuggets" for kids that was actually strips of well seasoned, crunchy chicken and not mystery meat, husband and I had two "Chaufas" -- one chicken and one shrimp-- that are like a Peruvian fried rice.  Daughter-in-law had pollo a la brasa-- marinated chicken with salad and french fries.  She very much liked it.  Very generous servings.  The star of the meal was the green sauce.  I asked the owner to tell me more and he said it was Peruvian herbs, chile, cilantro (and a few more ingredients but it was so loud that I couldn't hear).  When I went home I Googled several sites to learn more so I can try and approximate at home.  Gonna put my green thumb to work growing "huacatay" which is a kind of marigold.  (Never knew they were edible till this food trek.)  The fundraiser resulted in a kind of  "cash mob" event that seemed to overwhelm the cafe staff a bit-- and why I'm holding off on the fifth star.  BUT, we most definitely will be back to explore the interesting menu again.
Terrible service!!! It took 20 min just to get a glass of water and there were less than 10 people in the whole restaurant?!? I guess its safe to say that I wont be going back
As a Peruvian, I can tell you that this place sucks!!!......The ceviche was uncooked and the waiter was an Italian that did not speak English or Spanish.  My family and I had been there before and things were different.  I don't know if they sold the place to someone else, but there is definitely, someone else doing cooking and it is not good.  I would recommend this place.  Less to say.....there was no tip for the waiter.
This place was on Dirty Dining TWICE in one month.
Found this place on Yelp and was my first time trying peruvian food.
We started with appetizers and they were so good and plenty we did not make it to the dinner menu.
We had papa rellena, empanadas, choclo con queso, ocopa, yuca frita and tostones. Also tried chicha morada and maracuya sorbet.
I will definitely go back to try more food from their menu.
While in AZ for softball tourney the fam and I were craving Marios Peruvian (On Melrose in L.A) decided to search for Peruvian food in the Tempe area and came across Inka fest. Glad we did, because the food was great we ordered the lomo saltado which was good and the jalella mixta which is a variety of fried seafood very good! Also enjoyed this awesome ice cream made of a fruit native to Peru, kind of a cantaloupe colored ice cream but was not overly sweet just sweet enough and nutty. It was Delish!! Very good experience staff was excellent!! Highly recommended!!
Excellent service, Excellent food, Perfectly priced.  Stumbled across this restaurant on accident.  Will definitely be going back often.
As a disclaimer, I am a vegetarian.  So, I can't tell you anything about the meat dishes.  What I can tell you is that the Tacu Tacu ($7) is unbelievable.   It is a rice and bean cake covered in a delicious sauce and fresh avocado slices.   Several of us in my office are hooked on the stuff.  If you get the opportunity, this stand is WELL worth your time.  

If you have a taste for spicy, make sure that you try the hot sauces by the window.  

The food is rich, hearty, spicy, and unique!
I've been frequenting this Library mall food cart for over a year, and it's one of my favorites. For $7, the arroz con pollo features marinated chicken on a bed of really tasty cilantro-infused rice with a side of homemade slaw. I've developed a strong addiction to this green rice, especially when you add a generous amount of the green jalapeno sauce that the cart keeps in front. The yellow sauce is also spicy and delicious. Their super lomo sandwich is huge, with beef strips in a sourdough bread bowl, and they also offer Inka Cola, which is unique. I've tried a few of the other dishes, but wasn't a big fan of the chili chicken's sauce. That's just my opinion though.

The man who runs the cart is always courteous and kind. I look forward to their restaurant opening on Cottage Grove Road.
I don't know anything about Peruvian food other than this, but MAN is this place awesome.  I eat at the food cart often, I try different things every time, and I have literally never had a meal there that hasn't been 5 stars.  They're opening a brick/mortar place on Cottage Grove Road over in Monona this year, can't wait to go there when the cart is closed.  Y-U-M!
I had the Chicken Adobo, which comes with meat, cabbage+beans+lentils slaw, and rice. I liked it! The chicken had an interesting medley of spices and was very tasty with just the right amount of kick. The cabbage/beans/lentil mix was also pretty satisfying. The serving size was just right for my appetite and for a reasonable price (half-order is $5). I definitely want to come back and try some of their other dishes as well!

Oh, and don't forget the hot sauces! They're good!
Surco food cart is AWESOME! I've only had the "Chicken Adobo"  and it is phenomenal. The chicken comes marinated in a red guajillo sauce. Not spicy but very flavorful. The lentils are cooked perfectly, white rice on the side, and a small cabbage slaw with a delicious dressing. There is a green sauce outside the window that is a bit spicy, but freaking great! I always make sure to top my chicken with the green sauce before I walk away. I buy the $5.00 half portion and that leaves me full.  I can't wait for the day that I don't want to order the chicken adobo and am willing to try something else on their menu.
Just another one of Madison's amazing food carts! I am so jealous of you guys now that I live in the south side of Chicago, where great food (especially carts) is hard to find close by.

Their tacu tacu and cilantro rice dish (I forget the name) are listed under vegetarian but they are both vegan as well.  They aren't huge dishes, but they are packed with flavor! My favorite was the cilantro rice, which came with avocado and cabbage - I liked to dress it up with their hot sauce on the side.  Extremely interesting flavor combinations, but I am completely  unfamiliar with Peruvian food outside of this cart.  A little expensive for a food cart, but they use organic and/or local ingredients.  Overall, highly recommended - take advantage of your amazing food, Madisonians.  Especially those of you who are students like I was and won't live there forever! *cries inside*
YUM! I'd been eyeing this food cart for a few weeks now, but there has always been another cart that I've wanted to try more..so I've been putting it off, and off, and off, until today!

I'm still not quite sure what Peruvian cuisine entirely entails, so I just ordered something off the menu which I thought I could pronounce without making a fool of myself. Hence, the half order of chicken adobo (for only $5!). Let me tell you though, it was delish!! The half-size is perfectly portioned for lunch, and won't leave you with the post-meal food baby or the mid-afternoon coma. However, you also have the option of getting a full-sized serving for $7 if you are feeling extra hungry. 

The chicken with the lentils and the fresh coleslaw really hit the spot! The lentils were really soft and perfectly seasoned, but not so much so that they overpowered the chicken. I also think I tasted a hint of lemon juice in the jasmine rice, which was a nice counterpart to the heat from the marinated chicken.

I threw on a few squirts of the green sauce for good measure, but after finishing my entire meal, I'm still not really sure if it was a hot sauce or yogurt-based sauce or what. There really is a lot of flavor in the adobo!

Surco is definitely one of the carts to try if you are ever in the area for lunch. I know that I will be heading back really soon, and this time, I'm going to order one of those menu items that I can't pronounce!
I'm having a really hard time writing this review. I mean, I want to love this place so bad. It's Peruvian (as am I), it's close to my house, and it's close to my mom's house, too. So why, if I'm so predisposed to loving this place, is it only three stars? Read on, friend.

First of all, this place is tucked away in the Marketon shopping center. It's near the Dotty's, in the back corner of the shopping center. The location isn't really an issue, except that parking in this shopping center is a pain. Again, it's in the Marketon shopping center, so there are tons of families and kids and stuff. I park near the burnt-down Jack in the Box because there are less cars there. Plus egress onto Decatur is easier. 

The food servings are generous, but they're also expensive. the Ceviche Don Beto, which is a regular fish ceviche plus fried seafood stuffs, was delicious and a large portion, but $18 for that dish still seemed too high. I also ordered a lomo saltado (stir fried steak plus fries and rice) for my brother, and that was $12. That price seemed to more accurately match the meal: the food was good and the portion was good, and it wasn't too expensive!

The service at this place isn't the best, and I take issue with that. See, I expect that most low-budget restaurants are going to have poor decor and such, but providing good service is free. It costs nothing to ask me how my food is, refill my drink, or to more carefully wipe down the tables. Seriously. 

Again, the prices aren't cheap. For two ceviches like mine, plus an appetizer and drinks, you're looking at like a $65 dinner for two. I would expect more for that price.

Ultimately, I can recommend this place based on the food. It's good and the portions are hearty, too. But the lack of service and high prices really bring this place down. I'll come here again, but now I know what to expect. So do you.
The food in this restaurant  is excellent. The only thing that bothered me was the prices. A little on the high side of things, and (when i went) Pollo a la brasa wasn't available at all!. I went there with my family the other day and ordered "bistec a lo pobre", some "Arroz chaufa" and some inca kola.  I loved the way the steak tasted, almost as it had been marinated for days. The arroz chaufa was pretty good as well. if it hadn't been for the bill i would have returned. Both entrees were about 15$ plus the drink. so we ended up paying more than 35-40$. Again food is exellent, but if you got a light wallet you might want to try the other peruvian alternatives.
Good
This was not a good experience. It was very hard to locate as it is hidden in the corner of an obscure shopping center. Then, there was only one girl in the restaurant, so she served as hostess/waitress/cook/cashier. Needless to say, everything was slow as molasses! When we eventually got our food, It had very little taste and did not come as we ordered it. My wife and I asked for the tomatoes and onions be left out and it came with more vegetables than beef (we both had lomo saltado). If we asked for anything ( soy, salt, etc...) it took 5 minutes because there were 2 additional tables by now. When we finished, we gave the girl a Yelp coupon for $20 for $10 we purchased through Yelp. She had no idea what it was. She made a call (to the owner, I guess) and said it would NOT be honored as they had no idea what it was. Needless to say, we will not be returning to this place!
I really enjoyed my experience here. I would recommend it to anyone.

The location is pretty awful, located in a corner shop of a ghetto shopping center. 

But once you get inside you don't care. The staff is nice and the food is absolutely amazing.

If you want Peruvian food and are in vegas, check this place out.
Some welcome color to a pretty corporate part of town.  It is not your typical ethnic restaurant full of provincial kitsch.  While it does have a lot of the Peruvian classics it is pulled off with a modern and fresh flair.  The price point is a little high for lunch but the experience is unique enough to merit the added cost.
Overpriced, flavorless cuisine.
Cute dining room, but that's all they have going for them right now.

Side note: there is nothing that I hate more than a restaurant recommending the most expensive item on the menu when asking for suggestions. I find that practice to be deceptive and of poor taste. I realize that a restaurant is in business to make money. However there is a fine line between that and gaining my trust and acceptance.

The portion I got for what I paid was ridiculously small and completely flavorless. I ordered take out and sat at the bar and was not even offered a beverage while I waited for my order to be ready. I guess you cannot teach people to be hospitable...you either are by nature or you're not.

I was very excited about this concept when I saw it was coming in the promenade. The owners of the restaurant have lots of work to do if they want to succeed in the finicky Scottsdale dining market.
I am an avid lover of Peruvian food and have been deeply disappointed with the offerings in the Phoenix area... Until today. The atmosphere was great - clean, modern with a Peruvian flair. We started with their homemade Chicha Morada (a drink made from purple corn) and Papa a la huancaina (boiled egg and potato with a chili infused cheese sauce). Both were made with quality ingredients and both delicious. My buddy ordered Lomo Saltado (a meet and fries dish) and commented that he didn't need a knife to cut the meat because it was so tender. I ordered the Aji de Gallina (chicken in a creamy chili sauce with potato and rice) and was pleased again with the texture, flavor and quality of the dish. Overall, I have found my new favorite dining spot... I can't wait to come back.
I'm so excited that there is something other than Mexican food on this side of town!
The interior is bright and modern-with a super friendly staff.
There was live music on a Saturday night, which was really fantastic.
The restaurant was packed, which made for very slow service..but we were fine with waiting.
I had an Inca cola, which is one of my absolute favorite south american sodas.
I had the Pollo Saltado...a chicken and fries dish with rice..fantastically seasoned.
My husband had the arroz tapado,which was rice, then a layer of steak, and another layer of rice. He wasn't as excited..he felt the slices of steak were very small, which left him wanting more flavor.
We munched on a corn kernel appetizer which escapes my memory, but it was roasted and salted..very tasty.
The hostess and owners checked on everyone's tables, which is a nice touch also.
Definitely a place to return to!
My wife (Colombian) has wanted to go eat here for a while now and we just got around to it last week before Christmas. The atmosphere is inviting and the staff are ultra firendly. My wife ordered the Ceviche and thought is was spectacular. I ordered the Lomo Saltado and it was pretty good. The quality of the food was great, but mine was a little lacking in flavor. I would definitely try it again as it was a good experience. The pricing is reasonable, maybe a touch on the expensive side as the portions are not bad, but in my case there was much more rice and vegetables than meat on my plate.  Give it a try and you will most likely be happy with the experience.
I was very excited when I saw the 'Coming Soon' sign prior to their opening and was looking forward to dining here. I have been there twice now, and do not intend on going back. The food is not bad, but overall, my experience was unsatisfactory.

Not only are they overpriced, but they are stingy. I absolutely hate restaurants who charge a fortune, but have little to offer. Both times I came, I ordered the 1/2 'Pollo a la Brasa'; the second time, they did not give me fries. I was told that they no longer offer fries with the meal. Not only is this false advertising on the menu, but this just shows how cheap they are. How expensive are potatoes??

Please don't order the Yuca fries. The $6 order comes with 5 fries, literally. If you are willing to pay over a dollar for a 2-inch fried potato, then by all means go for it.

The waitress I had was impatient and gave me all sorts of strange looks each time I tried to get her attention. When I asked for sauce for the chicken (which should have come with it), she looked at me as If I was absolutely insane. If it were not for my co-worker treating, I would have made sure the server received minimal tip.

I do not intend on going back to support a business like this one.
I agree it's over-priced. Also over-rated and poor customer service. 
We were very excited about going to this restaurant and waiting for it to open. Bit of a let down. 

Food was ok. We had the Chicken Saltado, Ají de Gallina & Chicha Morada (a drink). The drink I liked more than the food - it tasted like sugar cane juice. Measly serving. Loud music, exotic ambience and Peruvian scenaries on TV screens. Seating not bad.

 The waiter was over-enthusiastic when we were first seated & there were not so many people in the restaurant. Every time we said thank you, he would say - No Thank you!! I was tempted to say - oh no Thank you and so on :) It had a Sienfeld episode type of potential! Not saying this in a bad way. Really thought it was funny, until 3 or more groups came trickling in and this one person was taking orders, serving and even making/shaking cocktails. The guy was literally zipping around like a jack rabbit trying to cope and I could see the stress. We waited for what seemed like ages for our check and finally I decided to go get the check myself (you guessed right - he was also the cashier!!!!). He did not look too happy that I came up to ask for the check and with a frown, slapped the bill on the table. I paid and turned to leave.. No thank you or any other nicety you may be used to hearing in most restaurants in this pricey Scottsdale neighbourhood. 

Not worth it! For the price and small portions they should be able to afford more waiters. And this was a Friday evening. I wish them luck. It is a mom & pop kind of place and I hate to see more of those disappear.
As a Colombian it is always to find places like this around town. Going inside for the first time was great the whole environment of the restaurant just feels really good. The people that work in there are really friendly and outgoing, they know what we go in there for but still give everyone that extra kindness that costumers love. Food is completely amazing and prices are accordant to what you get.
Overall is an excellent restaurant that I would share and go over and over again!
This restaurant was fantastic all around. Jenny my server was fantastic fast accommodating and well rounded host. Along with the utmost of cuisine the food was fantastic  and delicious. If you have never been you must go. You will have a good time. With the food and the service how can you miss out.
Great service, ambiance, and food. We stumbled upon this place and it has now become one of our favorite restaurants in Arizona. We had the Lomo Saltado and Papa Relleno and all we could say was "yummmmm" in between every bite. We recommend this to everyone!
I have been wanting to go to a Peruvian restaurant for a while now.  I grew up in Ecuador (borders with Peru) and when I was young I used to swim.  One of my swim meets was in Lima, Peru, so I got to experience their wonderful cuisine.  When fellow yelper Scott D. and my hubby set up a double date, I suggested we try this place.  Scott and his charming wife Tessie, joined us this week at Inca's.  I ordered a Pisco Sour, the typical peruvian drink, its in between a margarita and a moijo, without  mint.  It was on spot.   We enjoyed a Ceviche Mixto as a table appetizer.  It was very nice.  It had a kick to it.  Of course, I had the Aji de Gallina.  This is one of my favorite peruvian dishes and they didn't disappoint. My hubby had the Carapulcra, very tasty.  For dessert I had the alfajores, the Dulce de Leche filling was exactly how I remember it.  Yes, it is not cheap, but there are not many cheap places in North Scottsdale, so I was not too surprised.  I will definitely be back.
I love it! This is the first good peruvian restaurant in Phx . Food and the atmosphere  were great. I definitely planning to go back and have a great time again.
Firstly, I'm very glad that there is a new cuisine to try out in this part of town . Inca's just opened a couple of months back in the Scotsdale Promenade and I went there for a Sunday lunch with my friend. I am not an expert on Peruvian cuisine so cannot comment on the authenticity of the food. I had the Chicken Saltado which was very good and flavorful. My friend tried the Picante de Meriscos which is like a sea food platter. That one was a little bland for me. The corn kernel that they give to much on while you wait for your food are quite good and addictive. For dessert we had the Alfajores which are basically 2 biscuits joined together with Carmel which is also very soft and delicious. 
The ambience is nice but the food is not as 'oh! Wow!' for the price. I will however give it another shot so I can try  something else on the menu before finally decide whether it's the cuisine or the restaurant. But in the spirit of trying, give it a shot.
From the moment we entered Inca we were in heaven.  The roasted corn, imported Peruvian beer and Pisco Sour were the perfect start. We ordered the sauteed hearts, beef with potato, and the AMAZING CHEVICHE !!!!!!!!! Finally, Scottsdale has a unique, authentic culinary choice. The chef was trained at The Cordon Bleu of Lima. He has honed his skills at preparing exotic combinations and layers of flavors. Inca delivers a tasty flavor blend of many cultural influences. (including french, indian, chinese, african, spanish, japanese...from 4 continents) 
 It's time to try SOMETHING NEW !!!! Raphael will help you get settled in right away.
If your scared start with lunch or happy hour. And then you'll be dreaming of cheviche.

Pisco Sour is made with a Peruvian liquor.....Pisco Sour is hands down better than any basic margarita the valley offers. TRY ONE
Good food, good drinks, good live music and you've got a good place for a dinner out. We didn't expect it to be so busy since it's located in the Promenade shopping plaza but the place was poppin' and the music was lively. Service is good too - not lightning fast but that's okay since it allows time to enjoy being out and listening to the music. We had a chicken dish and seafood dish recommended by the server. Both items were excellent! I also tried a chicha morada drink and it was yummy. Plus, the owner of this place is really sweet and makes sure everyone is enjoying their evening. Overall, a really good choice for going out for dinner and a little ambience.
I went here for dinner because I love Peruvian Cuisine and haven't had it since I moved here from Los Angeles. The good was good , nothing wrong with it . The prices however are ridiculous considering how small the portions are , not even big enough to share if you chose to. I know the rent must be high, but I feel bad for restaurants like this. If they last a year , I will be utterly shocked.  Never again for me , unless the lower the prices to what is considered reasonable.
Inca's is a very frustrating restaurant.  From the moment you step through the door, you want it to be very good.  Like a beautiful woman, Inca's keeps throwing out hints that it is something special, but it seldom lives up to its promises.

You drive up to a small restaurant in a large outdoor shopping mall, and you think "this is going to be a neighborhood dining experience."  Then you open the door, and notice that the dining area is clean and attractive, and there are quality tableclothes and nice chairs.  So you revise your thinking: "this is going to be a fine dining experience."  Then you see the huge bar stocked with the Peruvian Pisco liquor and almost nothing else, and the big screen TVs showing sporting events.  Now you don't know what to think.

They give you a small bowl of roasted corn -- and it's delicious.  The menu looks classy, and the prices are consistent with a fine dining establishment.  Your mouth starts to water.  Everything sounds good but eventually you decide and give the waiter your order.  In our case this was one appetiser and two main courses.  A minute later he returns -- he forgot the order.  Then you wait.  Other tables get their food and it looks delicious.  You are a bit frustrated because the roasted corn is gone and you haven't gotten your appetiser and you're hungry, but it will be worth it -- right?

Wrong!  Our appetiser finally came, 35 minutes after ordering.  We ordered a beef tamal.  Our server brought it but informed us that they don't have beef tamals -- this one is chicken.  It turns out that it didn't matter.  There was literally one piece of chicken, the size of an olive, and about a teaspoon of a mixture that could have been onions and tomato.  The rest was corn (masa).  You might be a bit disappointed -- we were, but we gave it a taste.  It was very good.  But it was just corn meal.  After a few bytes, we desparately wanted that chicken or indeed any savory filling.  How frustrating!

Five minutes after the appetiser, the main courses arrived.  Apparently the chef believes in totally finishing one ticket before starting the next.  It makes for a very poorly paced meal.  We were really hoping for something tasty.  Mine was a minced beef dish served between two slabs of white rice -- sort of a picadillo sandwich.  The beef filling was tasty and a perfect foil for the rice.  Too bad there was so lilttle of it.  I ended up frustrated again.  This could have been really good if they had served enough beef filling.  As it was, I ate rice for dinner.  My wife had the lamb shank.  It was an average sized portion, but very fatty and not well prepared.  Almost inedible.  The beans were bland.  The fried yucca was starchy; it need spices and more frying time.

Others have complained about the prices, but these are reasonable for a fine dining establishment.  Too bad the dining isn't fine.  My advice to the owners -- I know every restaurant wants to keep their food costs down to around 25%, but you have cut yours to about 6% and that just won't do.  Your food, mostly, has great potential, if you would only serve some of it.
Totally enjoyed my birthday dinner at Inca's on Thursday. Fatima was charming and our waiter was very attentive, even if he moved like the Energizer bunny! Food was delicious - the PISCO PORTON (very yummy!), the CEVICHE MIXTO and the Shrimp bisque soup (CHUPO DE CAMRONES) were all perfect. So were all the other dinners. Have to go back. Prices no worse than other moderate-upscale places in the area. Nice change of pace! Hope they stick around. Nice atmosphere too.
I was delighted to find Inca and have my first taste of Peruvian food.   As others have mentioned, the Ceviche is excellent (a very large serving), and the Pisco Sours are smooth and delicious.  The owners have done a nice job of turning a standard strip mall location into an inviting atmosphere, with Peruvian table cloths, nicely designed menus, good lighting, and an open kitchen.   I am a pretty demanding diner, and don't give 4 stars lightly, but I'd like to see these folks stay around and add some new flavor to the otherwise bland Scottsdale dining scene.   If you're open to something a little different, Inca is definitely worth your time.
I just got back from a cruise that stopped in 5 ports in Peru where we sampled some amazing food.. While driving down Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd after a day of shopping with friends.. We passed a Peruvian restaurant.. We just had to stop, so we made a long U-turn and made our way back to the restaurant..I had to introduce my friend to Peruvian food.. 
In a nutshell, she loved it as much as I do.
We arrived at about 3ish and the place was basically empty. 2 guys at the bar. It was clean with the feeling of a Peruvian Restaurant in Lima (sort of) Pictures of Machu Pichu on the walls and yes a big screen TV with a game of soccer playing..  
We didn't want to eat an entire full meal so opted for a couple of appetizer. Our server Marco, was extremely informative and helped to explain the different type of foods they had. He had brought with him roasted corn that we nibbled as we talked. 

We ordered  Papa Rellena (potato stuffed with ground meat) and Anticuchos (Meat skewers). They both arrived at the same time and with 2 extra plates. Both had this amazingly flavorful "salsa" (not really salsa but similar) and was presented in a modern upscaled way. Both dishes were freshly made and seasoned just right with a hint of heat, and totally different from each other. 

I know we didn't order alot but we had such a pleasant experience we decided the next time we are in Scottsdale with the guys (husbands) we would come here for dinner!! 

Peru is becoming the culinary capital of South America and for good reason. Their food is fresh, exciting, flavorful, beautiful to look at and of course delicious.  Inca is a great way to get a taste of Peru without the added traveling expense..
This place is a double carb load!  Every meal is made with a potato in it and served with rice.  No vegetables here, well I guess unless you count the potatoes.
Peruvians claim the 'Pisco Sour' as their national beverage and if you've never had one, you might want to sample one of these bad boys.
After all, why not?
You'll drink just about anything someone shoves under your nose. 
Jager.
Everclear.
You even did keg stands once on a barrel of Tecate, quite possibly the worst beer on the face of the earth. 

Well it's high time for a change. 

Come here and order the ceviche, a pisco sour, and about four more pisco sours to wash everything down properly.
The ceviche is incomparable...it's simply that good. 
The piscos?
Your new favorite drink.
You'll be buzzing like a high-voltage power line when you're ready to leave, signaling how you're not ready to leave. 
Order a couple more and take up semi permanent residence at the bar. 
Enjoy the soccer (football) games.

Oops. A couple hours just flew by. 
Now you're a gibbering mess, best suited for crawling into a corner, balling up into a fetal position and rocking back and forth, chanting lyrics from a profoundly stupid Prince song. 

Alright Mr. 1999, let's go. it's time to have the bartender call a cab.
Terrific addition to the neighborhood!  Nice place, charming owner, looking forward to getting the lomo saltdo again.  Bar TVs on Peruvian channels and desportes is a nice touch.  LCD at end of bar displaying a looped commercial was annoying since it was right in my line of sight.
I brought the fam in today, chilling on the pisco's this time. No need getting trounced in front of the wife and kids. 
Ceviche, steak and chicken dishes were fabulous and complimented the Modelo Dark, Inca colas and two lonely piscos. Or maybe it's the other way around, maybe the drinks complimented...oh whatever.
And I can't forget the canchas.
Peruvian corn nut like snacks, less crunchy and with a whole lot more flavor.
Great with pre-dinner drinks.

Three flat screens hanging in the bar, all tuned to some kind of Peruvian TV were also very entertaining. Nothing like watching kickboxing during dinner, a loop of Machu Picchu on state run tv, and a latin soap opera. 

Also, once more I got to practice my Spanish on the highly attentive and very friendly server, who was extremely patient with my Spanish tongue.

Dinner for six was $120 before tip. 
The piscos are 12 bucks each, but you'll only need one for a great buzz. 
Two will have the family screaming "LOOOOOK  OUT"  as you almost hit not one but two moving cars before winding your way through the parking lot and on out to Frank Lloyd Wright. 

Driving is such a fucking buzzkill.
I just had lunch at Inca's with a coworker. From the moment we entered the restaurant, we felt like a part of the family. The waiter explained they import much of their food from Peru, so it was a very authentic experience. We asked for help deciding & he pointed out the Braised Lamb Shank (tender, delicious) and instead of Diet Coke, Inca Diet Cola (a nice change.)
This was more than a meal, it was an experience I look forward to repeating soon.
We've eaten here twice - once for lunch and once for dinner.

The food is very tasty and the service was fine.  The place is certainly a welcome addition to an area chock-full of boring, regular ole Scottsdale restaurants.

If I could give 3.5 stars, I would, though since the restaurant was completely dead each time we've gone and the food, while quite delicious seemed overpriced.

We would go back to eat more often if the food was 15-20% less expensive and it would be even nicer if more people visited.
Good food, and very warm service!  Plus, they had a band tonight!!

Love the Lomo Saltado...I've tried a bunch of other things on other trips, but just wanted to get to the main course tonight.  Everything we've had here has been tasty, and the people who work there are very friendly.  One of my favorite places!
The food is very tasty and the service was attentive keep in mind that business was very slow during dinner time .  The place is certainly a welcome addition to an area chock-full of boring, regular ole Scottsdale restaurants.

 I ordered Ceviche and the  1/2 chicken which was good, but I had better. The prices are a little overpriced

We would go back to eat more often if the food was 15-20% less expensive and it would be even nicer if more people visited.
Dinner for two with drinks $ 90.00
Spontaneuous stop for lunch today. Nice atmosphere. Enthusiastic service...in a good way. First time for Peruvian food...had the Pescado Chorriano. Very flavorful and well prepared. My only negative is that it was a bit pricey, especially for lunch.
Awesome food. Maybe a bit pricey.  Good portion size. Decent atmosphere
"First time here and first time to try Peruvian food. It was delicious! Great place, great service, great atmosphere, will be back fir sure! Lomo Saltado was a great suggestion made by our waiter. Salsa band made the evening even more fun!"
Work day lunch. First time ever eating peruvian. Staff was friendly and quick. kinda disappoainted when we said no to peruvian beer. "No cervesa?!" :) definitely worth trying out!
Once in awhile, I walk into a restaurant and it just as the "it" factor that makes me know I am going to have a good meal.  Inca's was such a place.  Despite being located in an area filled with chain restaurants and corporate offices, once inside and dining, the atmosphere feels more cosmopolitan that if you don't look out the window and see the massive parking lot filled with giant cars, you could be in East Village, NYC.

I went there today with two friends who also love good food and food always taste better when eaten in the company of other foodies, esp. if one of them is Peruvian and tell you in details the ingrediants of what you are eating.

After perusing the extensive menu, we ordered a pitcher of the  Chichas Morada which is noncarbonated juice made from purple corn cooked with pineapple and apple with a dash of cinnamon and sugar.  100% natural and so refreshing.  

We started off our lunch with the Ceviche Mixto which is a fillet of white fish cut into slices, large shrimp, calamari, and red onion cooked by being marinated in Peruvian lime juice mixed with spices.  The portion was large, enough to share between the three of us and it was fresh and mouth watering delicious.  It also came with a piece of Peruvian corn with kernels so large (and I mean the size of a caramel) and meaty without being tough, something I had never had before and it was delicious!

From there we ordered the Papa Rellena which are potatoes stuffed with angus beef, anticuchos which are two skewers of grilled tenderloin cubes of beef heart, Ocopa de Camaron and that was delicious as well. It was all delicious!
Pros: good portion sizes
great tasting lomo saltado
great tasting pisco sours


Cons: Overpriced!!!!!
papa a la huancaina had ice cold potatoes
no tallarin verde!!
So, I will preface this review with a disclaimer that this is only the 2nd Peruvian restaurant I have ever eaten at. The other one was in San Francisco. With that said, the food here is delicious!! I came here with my sis last summer when I was in town for a visit, and ordered Chicha Morado and fries to go. It was so good, I had to come back for the food! So, this time while visiting AZ again we decided to eat inside. We were greeting warmly and the staff was very friendly. My sister had the shrimp saltado, while I ordered the Chicha Morado and chicken saltado. The chicken was so tender and juicy! My sister enjoyed her shrimp as well. 

As a Californian, I've been impressed with some of Phoenix/Scottsdale culinary offerings and Inca's is no exception.
My wife and I tend to be a bit snobbish about Peruvian restaurants.  Her step-father is Peruvian and we've been to tons of places in LA, Miami, San Fran, etc.  This place, by far, is the absolute BEST Peruvian cuisine we've ever had in our lives.  I say cuisine because it would be insulting to call the masterpieces put in front of you something as simple as 'food.' If you visit Scottsdale, you MUST come here.  And if you already live here, God bless you because you get to eat here whenever you want.
Delicious, clean, wholesome, high quality food. The owner, Rafael, is warm and very likable. Try the yucca appetizer for a fun, simple yet very tasty treat!

Will definitely be back. This place is never crowded so give it a try!
Closed
Having traveled to Peru numerous times, I must say that the food here is equal to or better that what is available in Peru. We went there for lunch and went back to have dinner. The owners and wait staff work very hard so that your dinning experience is well worth a visit. Enjoy!!
Great authentic food!  I had a Papa Rellena and it was fantastic! The sauces served were very good too - probably ranks as one of the best sauces.  For my meal, I had a Lomo a Caballo (similar to Lomo Saltado but with fried plantains & an egg on top of the rice).  It was delicious! I will definitely come back here.
After some people had mentioned that they liked this place, my wife and I decided to go and test, yet again, another Peruvian restaurant.  We ordered 3 different meals, lomo a caballo, arroz con mariscos, and pollo a la brasa.  The lomo a caballo would have been pretty good, but the sauce they had was sweet, which I didn't like at all.  The arroz con mariscos was bland, hardly any flavor.  The pollo a la brasa was far from the real deal, being dry and unflavorful.  we did get a free soup with our meal, which was the best thing we tasted there.  The sodas tasted like there was dish soap in them, and were not refilled until I finally had to ask.  We also had to ask for the sauces for the pollo a la brasa.  The aji that was served with the bread was pretty decent, but not enough to save the rest of the meal.  Overall, it was too pricey for the service and the quality of the food.  Sadly, we haven't been able to find a Peruvian restaurant that we like in AZ, and this one was probably the worst one we've tried.

Wow! It's a good thing you can edit these reviews.  A lot has happened since I made this review, which the last time I checked is an opinion of what I think.  The owner of this restaurant, upon reading my review, posted it on "Peruanos en Arizona," a group on Facebook.  He mentioned my full name in the review, opening it up to his "friends" to personally attack me.  He also said that that I went in to his restaurant complaining of the decoration of his restaurant. (which I didn't).   My wife made some comments, defending our opinion, and then he scanned our yelp coupon (which has my full name on it,) and order sheet that was made when we paid, and posted it on the same page as a picture, claiming that he was right about me making comments about the decoration. (which is not shown in the picture.) He claims to be a professional, but is far from it.  I had nothing against him personally, until now, but in one of his comments he says that there is no possible way that so many things can be wrong with his food unless I have something personal against him.  I don't think I need drive to a place and pay for a meal to make a review on someone who I personally don't like. He also posted the same review on his personal facebook page, to which his "friends" responded things like, "poor gringo, he only knows what frozen hamburgers and hot dogs taste like" and "He doesn't have the smallest idea of what real Peruvian Food is, he probably hasn't even been there," "with a last name like that, what does he know," "He's one of 'those' customers", "I hope the seafood got him sick,"  words like jealous, ignorant... things like that.  Now if I didn't know any better, I would think that a gringo's opinion doesn't matter when it comes to real Peruvian food, too.  However, I HAVE been to Peru, I DO know what good Peruvian food is supposed to taste like, and my wife, who is actually FROM Peru was equally disappointed with the food, and service.  Her mother cooks 50 times better than this guy, and we both know that what we ate doesn't compare to what real Peruvian food is supposed to be.  So, instead of taking this as constructive criticism, the owner has taken it as a personal attack against him, and has to look for validation from other people who surround him.  We probably would have been back there again, because my wife's family would have wanted to try the "new Peruvian restaurant" which has happened before with others, but now no one that we can tell to about our experience will ever go there.  There are also many many many other sites to review a restaurant, not just Yelp.  I'll make sure to put this same review on other sites, too.  That will also give me time to think up other things that I didn't like that I didn't mention on my original review.  Like how this "professional" was negotiating delivery prices with a meat driver right in front of the guests.  When I made this review, Yelp posted it on my facebook page, but I took it down because it was negative, but I will be sure to post it now.  I don't know if what this guy did was legal, but I'll find out soon enough.  I just hope he doesn't put my Debit Card number up on facebook.  So, if you're going to give this place a negative review, watch out!  You'll be personally attacked for your OPINION, and be lied about and be told you don't know what you're talking about.  He has since taken down all his posts, but I saved all the screenshots if anyone is interested.
Before you tell me to get off my high horse, let me tell you that Peruvian food is the first cuisine I ever learned to eat, smell, see, cook and enjoy. After 24 years of growing up with this food, I think i've *earned* the right to be judge-y about a Peruvian restaurant in the US. I want the flavors to be on point, the ingredients to be correct (aka no substitutes) and everything else you would want out of a good dining experience- service, ambiance and great options. And for the love of god, I want people to stop thinking that our food is like Mexican food. Seriously, its insulting.

That being said, a quick note to Harold M on this experience here: Dude, i'm so sorry that happened to you. I've seen similar stories in Atlanta (see and be horrified: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/01/10/atlanta-boners-bbq-twitter-facebook-yelp_n_1196857.html) and you have every right to review this place based on your experience before and after this occurrence. Its distasteful and extremely childish.

Harold's experience aside, I have to rate this place based on my own experience and completely ignore his experience as reasoning for a good/bad review. Imma put my amnesia on, pretend I never read this stuff and tell you how I saw it, as bluntly and painfully honest as I can... like every review I write. Oh yeah, its gonna be a long one too, you've been warned.

Since the Groupon came out, Tumi has been exploding with people (aka all their 8 tables are full) and since this is a family-owned venue, they seem to be struggling with serving at "high capacity". Understandably so, yet still annoying, the service was painfully slow, so our dining experience took about 1.5 hours instead of maybe 45mins (or less) elsewhere. At the end of the night (8pm) they had already run out of papa rellena, anticuchos, all the pollo a la brasa (rotisserie chicken) and some other apps. A great problem to have, so kudos to them for being at high demand.

The chica morada I ordered was definitely home-made (trust me I really appreciate this) but a little heavy on the cinnamon and a little light on the pineapple. The cancha tostada (corn) was served cold (big no-no), unsalted and I don't know why it was served with dipping sauces (?). We ordered lomo saltado, saltado Tumi, aguadito de pollo and Tallarin saltado.

Aguadito de pollo is by far my favorite dish on this planet and it took me several years to correctly replicate and perfect it. The one here was not a bad version of the original- my only faulty points would be that the cilantro wasn't fully ground (lots of leafs hanging around there), there wasn't enough Aji flavors and the spiciness was lacking. However, i'm being awfully picky. My friends enjoyed their saltado dishes so I can't quite comment on those. The Tallarin Saltado was also nicely done- The lomo flavor was on point and the onions and tomatoes were also cooked perfectly. The noodles were A-OK, maybe they can experiment with a different type of spaghetti for a better texture.

Finally, the prices were definitely steep for Peruvian food at a family owned restaurant with their portions. I'm not comparing it to Peru prices, lets be realistic here, but everything seemed $2-3 more than what I think it should be, or believed that it deserved. The decoration was like every other Peruvian restaurant in the US, so i'm not bothered by it. The TV showing Risas the America was not my favorite since their skits are offensive as hell and I can't imagine foreigners (aka non Peruvians) understanding or enjoying this crap. Change the channel please. 

THE SUMMARY: 4 stars for food. -1 for slow service. 

So. picky? Yes. Too-detailed? Yes. Unbiased? Yes. Bitchy? Very likely, but I calls it how I sees it. Trust me, no one wants  local restaurant to succeed more than me, but sugar coating everything isn't going to help anyone. Come and try the food for yourself. I am 100% sure you will enjoy the food, but I can't guarantee you'll food-gasm over it. Fair enough?
Went to this place because of the groupon that was out.  This is a little peruvian restaurant in chandler, located in a strip mall.  We were looking for a really nice date night spot however Tumi is not quite date night material.  I would recommend different lighting - it's way too bright and the florescents have got to go.

Lovely wait staff welcomed us in and asked if we had Peruvian food before which I appreciated.  She let us taste some of the local Peruvian juices and one of them had a mango/pineapple taste so I went for that one - quite yummy although a bit too sweet for a whole glass' worth.

We initially chose the shrimp appetizer however our server recommended the Papa Rellena as it was quite popular so we switched to that.  Papa Rellena is a meat mixture in a pocket of mashed potatoes that is then fried.  The outside crust of the Rellena with the warm mashed potato on the inside was fabulous!  The meat mixture inside was pretty good although it was clear that it was pre-made and came from their fridge as it was cold.  If only the whole Rellena was warm, it would have been amazing.

My husband chose the Arroz con Maricos which is the Peruvian style paella.  It wasn't too bad.  Came with flavored rice, shrimp, squid, calamari and crab.  My husband said it was ok but was lacking some spice and deep complex flavors.  I ordered the Lomo a Caballo which was stir fried beef with yummy cooked crispy onions, tomatoes, fries, fried plantains and a fried egg on top.  I really liked my meal although the meat could have been a bit more tender.  The mixture of everything on my plate felt like a plate full of christmas presents!  I didn't know which to eat first.  :)  My favorite were the plantains of course!

The meal altogether wasn't too bad.  I would go back but my husband said he wouldn't.  Which means...we'll probably go back.  :)  If nothing, it peaked my interest in peruvian food!
Best Peruvian experience I've had in the Valley so far.  Very friendly service.  The ceviche de pescado is excellent.  Thinly sliced, delicious yam, corn is ok, and the juice is amazing.  Ask for extra aji.  The lomo saltado, cau cau de mariscos, lomo a caballo, and a causa rellena with shrimp are all very flavorful and made my entire table extremely happy.  

I usually come here at least twice a month.  Everyone I've brought becomes a regular as well.
Purchased a Grouopn because I love Peruvian food.  I am Cuban and went to Peruvian Restaurants back home in Northern New Jersey. I have eaten Peruvian in Toronto, Madrid and even Paris. It's a wonderful cuisine from a fabulous culture- and I love that !

By brother  came back from this restaurant with rave reviews. So I had to know it was good- and it was ! The place is not perfect- but the food was. After reading the reviews here I expected high prices and small portions. Well, I am as big as house @360lbs and I hate small portions. These were not small portions. I actually took food home with me. 

The appetizers,  delicious- the stuffed mashed potato with a layer of chicken salad a topped with a light cream sauce. Not just delicious, it was beautifully prepared. Although I was not expecting a cold dish, as soon as I stuffed some in my mouth, I just shut up and ate. The appetizer of boiled potato with a cream sauce ( reminds me of a Hollandaise sauce) was excellent. What, no tamales ?  :(

Entrees- the Lomo al Caballo  ($11.25- and totally worth it) - wonderfully seasoned chicken breast sauteed with french fries, tomatoes and sweet onions and all brilliantly topped with two sunny side eggs and a side of white rice and fried sweet bananas- the best bananas I ever ate ( and I'm Cuban). Growing up my favorite Cuban dish- and probably still is - the ultimate Cuban comfort food: Fried eggs over white rice and french fries!  Is was my favorite thing there. My partner and I fought for it. 

Second entree- Tallarin Salteados, ($ 9.95) Think lo mein without the distractions of bean sprouts and other veggies- just loin steak ( which was like butter), sweet onions, and tomatoes in a wonderful sauce. It was actually better when I ate it at midnight. 

Finally desert was Peruvian Fried donuts- like a light funnel cake. Thank God we each ordered a serving as they were excellent, although I did not care for the syrup that they were sitting on- they didn't need it.

This is Fine Dining people. The prices are not high considering the size and quality of the food. Taste is subjective but I can't for the life of me understand why this was so harshly reviewed by the one gentleman. Soap suds in the soda ? Please ! Look I'm not Peruvian- I'm not Italian, but damn know good food.  As for not having enough choice on the menu, it's a smart chef that controls quality by not offering everything. Except for the tamale- all the usual suspects are here.

The place was clean. Service could have been better- not that we did not get our food quickly, but because the help was sitting around talking- no biggie- but annoying. The chef cooks everything fresh and at the moment, so it's not fast food.

And as for the man with the one star review, I can only think that he ( or his wife-god bless her little heart) ,might have an agenda. Dare I say, maybe she is friends with the competition ?
Very small restaurant, perhaps 8 tables

The food was excellent, had the papas rellena as a starter along with a side of fried yucca, the aji verde sauce was delicious and spicy - i could eat that on anything

We also split the Pescado a lo Macho, which is fried fish with a seafood mix and spicy sauce served with jasmine rice 

Excellent food, we will certainly be back as we love Peruvian food, similar in style to Contigo Peru (I believe they had the same chef at some point) - with a Yelp Deal how can you beat that
Great place, even though it's kind of small, the place felt pretty good, great service by the personnel and the owner (he even hooked up with a discount for our next visit!)... the Food was very tasty, my GF had Pollo Saltado and I had the Tallarin de Pollo Saltado; both plates were really good and very flavorful! We also had the Papas a la Huancaina, they were pretty good too!... I will come back and encourage other to stop by and endulge themselves with their dishes.
Best Peruvian restaurant in the Valley...fresh and delicious food always, great service everybody is so friendly there. I highly recommend this place, I love their Lomo Saltado, Jalea, pollo a la brasa, ceviche, arroz con mariscos etc. oh and if you go there don't forget to try their Home made churros yummmmmm exquisite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh and Sr. Oscar always hooks it up =), love it. He is one great Peruvian Chef
The place is pretty small but the flavors of the food are huge!

Our server was very helpful and explained all the dishes (we were all unfamiliar with Peruvian food). She was quick to bring out appetizers and checked on us often.

The food was excellent. I can't tell you the names of the dishes; my daughter had a chicken, potato and cream sauce dish, I had seafood and my son had Peruvian fried rice with beef.  We had the doughnuts and plantains for dessert.  Everything was excellent! 

We will definitely be back.
Excellent food and service! I have been here twice so far, and both times have been fantastic. Food is extremely fresh tasting and cooked with skill. The small grievance I have is that the second time I went, they were out of the roast chicken I really wanted to try. However, it's worth mentioning I went at 8 on a wednesday. Considering that, I don't hold too much against them. So I had the paella instead, and am glad I did. It says "good for two" on the menu, but I ate the whole thing myself. I will definitely be back.
Excellent food & wonderful people! I'm Peruvian and grew up eating this cuisine. Now that I'm vegetarian, I'm delighted by the wonderful non-meat dishes the chef has cooked up. Definitely my favorite Peruvian restaurant so far.
So I've been searching for a peruvian restaurant to fill that empty void in my life since contigo peru closed and whaddya know i finally found it! The chef from contigo peru is the chef at this new restaurant Tumi. 
We ordered the papa ala huancaina for an appetizer and as usual it was outstanding. For main courses I had the tallarin verde (peruvian pesto sauce w/pasta) and bisteck (pan fried steak) and my girlfriend had the chaufa de pollo (chicken fried rice), both meals were outstanding in flavor and very generous in portions.
I am and will be always a loyal customer of this chef and wherever he cooks.
What a wonderful surprise! We were in the area and got a craving for Peruvian food (i am from South America). It was late, 9:15pm, and we drove by TUMI restaurant and saw the Open sign.  The hours said it closed at 9, but the chef welcomed us in regardless and personally served us.

The food was delicious - he brought us some corn kernel munchies that were yummy.  We started with fried yucca appetizer and also fish ceviche and we absolutely loved both, the fish was lightly marinated and very fresh, served over lettuce with red onion, sweet potatoes, and corn. 

My hubby had the "lomo Saltado" which was a very tender beef cish sauteed with tomatoes, onions and served with rice and French fries. It was very flavorful.  I had a chicken picante which I was too full to eat but happily took home.

Alas, no liquor license, a beer or a pisco sour would have been the icing on the cake, but definitely not a deal breaker.

Overall, the food was great, the chef and the other patrons very welcoming, and the food was affordable, a great experience! 

Definitely recommend...,muy muy Rico!!
I enjoyed it.  Something totally different.  Fresh made food.  Tiny strip mall location with only a dozen tables but it's worth a try.  Peru has good food.
I grew up with my Peruvian father making his native dishes for the family, and I spent a month in Lima when I was a teen, so I respect & enjoy Peruvian cuisine. I've dined at Inka Fest, which was okay, but Tumi is now my favorite.

My son & I visited Tumi in early January when he was in town for the Fiesta Bowl. Starting with the corn & aji, to the Peruvian tamale, to the papas a la Huancaina, to the lomo saltado (strips of steak mixed with french fries, red onions, tomatoes & seasoned with cumin, s&p, vinegar, served with rice) & seafood saltado (same ingredients except for shrimp, scallops, squid & fish instead of steak), everything was outstanding. My mouth was in Heaven all evening! And can't forget the chicha morada (missed the traditional diced apple topping) & the Inca Kola! Totally yummy experience! (Had to pass on the alfajores for dessert because we were stuffed!)

Tumi is located in a small area within a strip mall. We were seated immediately and were eventually the only customers there. We were not disappointed!

One of the best parts was meeting chef Oscar, so we could pass on our compliments. Definitely will eat there again - and I'm bringing friends!!! :)
Very disappointing! Our waitress recommended a appetizer & we took one bite (Yes really 1 bite) it tasted funny and I asked to send it back. It was beef heart and did not taste good! They refused to take it off the bill because we ate some of it, Really? What kind of service is that? The main dishes that we orderd were just ok and it was 10-15.00$ a plate. We had to ask many times for a refill on our drinks. Very poor customer service! Our worst restaurant experience since moving here 4 years ago! NEVER AGAIN! Bummer for our few and far between Saturday date nights!!!
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.................................
My girlfriend and I are no experts in Peruvian cuisine, but Tumi's food was outstanding.  We had the Choclo con Queso as an appetizer (seriously, try it - it's a large-kernel Andean corn, way different than our corn, but we really liked it after a few bites).  My girlfriend had the Pollo Saltado and I has the Saltado Tumi.  Perfectly cooked and SO delicious, both of them.

It's a tiny dining room, far from fancy ambience, but the prices are fantastic for such good food in such ample portions.  The service was polite and not pushy.

I'm craving more even as I type this - we'll definitely be going back!
Enjoyed dinner here recently with a group of about a dozen.avid diners. Service was deft and everyone seemed to enjoy everything they ordered. I had the Anticuchos (beef heart--tender, delicious, not the least bit giblet-y), Seco de Res (beef stew--very tender), Helado de Lucuma (unique ice cream), and Chicha Morada (purple corn drink) and loved them all. Lots of interesting items included, such as Peruvian corn, roasted potato, platanos, and dips/sauces. At least one person used a Groupon for her order, no problem. Definitely a keeper.
Searching for some good home style Peruvian food and I came across Tumi from Groupon.  Since then, I've taking my family and friends there several times.  Food is delicious.  Not over priced.  Large servings.  Good location and chef Oscar is awesome!  My favorties dishes are Lomo Saltado and Ceviche.  The only complaint I have are the many changes in waiters/waitress within the past months.  Not very friendly at all.  If Tumi can find a set of waiters/waitress with great customer service, I would give it 5 stars.  The food is what brings me back all the time.
We tried two dishes: Lomo a Caballo (beef strip saute) and Tallarin Saltado de Pollo (linguine with chicken). The best part of the beef plate was probably the fried plantains, which were savory and sweet at the same time. The gravy/drippings also had a good flavor, which spread into the rice, french fries, beef, and vegetables. A couple of the beef strips were raw and therefore could not be eaten safely, which makes me wary of the quality control in the kitchen. The chicken dish had better spices and a similarly good gravy for the noodles. However, the flavors in both dishes were subtle overall. They had a nice home-cooked feel, but didn't blow us away or give us a desire to visit again. There was a nice starter placed on the table, which consisted of some kind of hollow, dried corn pieces and two tzatziki-like dipping sauces (one mild, one spicy). This was an interesting and pleasant dish to try while we waited a very long time for our food. 

While the food was pretty good, the ambiance and service were not. The dining area was completely chaotic, with one assistant constantly running around moving tables and chairs... even our own after we had already been seated. There were tables noisily sliding around, chairs flying over my head, and my shoulders constantly being bumped by the two workers whizzing by in the cramped dining space. My other concern is the lack of cleanliness. The floors, tables, walls, etc. looked like they were not cleaned or maintained regularly, which is a health and sanitary concern. Ultimately, we waited about 15 minutes for anything to drink and nearly an hour for our food. The service was unacceptably disorganized and inefficient. 

I can't speak to how this food stacks up against other Peruvian cuisine. The dishes were pretty good, although I would like stronger spices and flavors. The environment and service were poor. Overall, these items make it very unlikely that I would visit again.
My wife is from Peru and she introduced me to the delicious cuisine of her country.  Over the years, I have tried Peruvian food around the Valley, and around the world, including Lima.  The food at Tumi is very good and is the best we have had in the Phoenix area.  Highly recommended!
Good chicken and beans
The food here was delicious! My first time here. The manager & chef were friendly and social to their patrons. The ceviche mixto was fresh and full of flavor. The only downside is their small location; hopefully they can expand soon.
Ceviche was THE BOMB! Get their ceviche! You will not regret it
Tried something new thx to ilving social, usually its places we'll never go to again.
But Tumi, is great, we we're brought a sample of the chicha morado which was nice since we've never had it, we both ended up getting it.
The food was good, healthy, the service was very friendly.
we'll definitely be back when we're in the area again!
Thanks to Groupon, I tried this place out with a friend.  Having no experience with Peruvian food, I thought that it was very flavorful and delicious; although simple. The atmosphere was ok, but the service was incredible and you could tell that it was a family owned business and they took great pride in their food and service.
Best Peruvian food in the valley, I was disappointed to see Contigo Peru close, but this place has the same chef, so the flavors are just as good.  The only thing this place is missing is a bigger dining room and improved decor.  I will be coming back for sure.
I really love this place. Super friendly service,  spectacular Peruvian food. Fair prices. Don't miss it... you are going to enjoy it, promise.
Best lomo saltado in the valley.
The reason why we came here was because the original restaurant we were intending to, My Arepa, had closed down.  Still wanting to stick to Latin food, and this was nearby, and that we had a coupon from the Entertainment Book for buy one entree get one free, we tried this.

The food was really good for our party of 5.  The restaurant is pretty small with just a few tables, which anything over 20 people would be too much for that restaurant, so that is a negative thing.

The cost of the dishes were a bit more than what I expected, but since there are a lot of seafood dishes, perhaps expected.  We did not go online to look at their menu or prices.  So, per person, expect to pay over $10 plus tax and tip.

The dishes are elegant and there is a lot of veggies with the meats.  My husband and I are not big into the American Mexican taste of food, so it was nice to have something Latin without the typical beans, rice thing that is prevalent in many Mexican restaurants that are more Americanized.

We called before going and the woman that answered the phone did not speak much English and answered in Spanish, so if you don't have an inkling of Spanish, communication could be an issue.  

This place is not right at the NW corner of Alma School & Warner, but just north of the intersection on Alma School near where the Gun shop is.

With that out of the way, we ordered 4 dishes - Lomo Saltado, which is beef strips with onions, tomatoes, cilantro served over French Fries and a large scoop of rice.  This was tasty and my Colombian husband said it's similar to the Bistec we make at home (although, I think what we make at home is even better).  This had good flavor and is $12.

The 2nd dish was Aji de Gallina, which is a chicken stew with potatoes in a creamy sauce, also with a scoop of rice.  I liked it, but my husband and kids didn't seem to, so basically I ate a lot of the dish with a friend of ours (who very generously treated us to lunch - THANK YOU).  This dish is $11.

Since my husband is allergic to shellfish, we had to avoid all the seafood dishes with shrimp.  We did order a deep fried fish dish called Pescado a la Chorrillana, which this is covered with the similar red onions, tomatoes, and cilantro triage that the beef dish had.  This was also served with a large scoop of rice.  This dish is $15.

Lastly, we ordered a Fried Rice dish that had both chicken and beef in it.  It's a Peruvian style fried rice.  Being that I'm Chinese, it tasted similar to Chinese fried rice without the soy sauce.  Tasty and the kids really loved this dish.  I don't know how much this dish was, but in the $11-12 range.

The kids got different drinks.  Our son got a Peruvian Soda called Inca Kola, which I'm guessing is like a Coke drink.  Our daughter got Maracuya, which is a Passion fruit drink.  The latter was good, but I really just like drinking water with my food.  Didn't try the Coke.

This was an expensive lunch for my friend, and we are very grateful for his generosity.  Definitely not inexpensive, so if that's what you're looking for, this isn't the place.  The appetizer prices were what we expected to pay for lunch.  

So, the negative things are that the place is really small and it's a bit pricey.  However, if those things don't bother you and you love foods like this, this is a great place to come.  Service was friendly and fine.  And it's certainly not foods you get at any of the normal places to eat around here.

If you have a party that is bigger than 4 people, you definitely should call ahead to see if they can accommodate you.

The only other place that I can compare Peruvian food to is a place that was by C-Fu many years ago that burned down.  They had wonderful food and the food we ate today was a bit different.  

We'll have to save up some to come eat again, but we can put it on the places we'd like to come to again.
We got a great deal through Groupon- 2 entrees, a pitcher of chicha morada, and dessert, for +50% off!

While we were deciding on our dishes, the waitress brought out a little snack for us to nosh on. Our snack was roasted, dried, salted corn kernels that you could dip in two different sauces. Both sauces were spicy, piquant, with powerful strong flavors that went well with the earthy taste of the roasted corn.

We ended up getting the Lomo Saltado and the Picante a lo Tumi. The Lomo Saltado was tasty, with tender beef, fries and rice. The beef was piled on top of the fries, so the fries soaked up the gravy and juices from the beef, making it quite flavorful.

The Picante a lo Tumi seafood dish had great flavor. The scallops and shrimp were a bit overcooked though.

In both our dishes, the rice was fluffy and tasted great with the meals.

For dessert, we ordered the flan. It was a little overcooked, as the edges of it tasted burnt.

Our pitcher of chicha morada was delicious. This purple concoction had a slightly sweet, slightly tart, refreshing light taste.

Service was speedy and friendly.

While I might not get the seafood again since it was $16 and a bit overcooked, I'd definitely come here to get their other dishes such as the lomo saltado.

P.S. One thing to note is that the Groupon does not cover tax, so you will have to pay a few dollar's worth at the end of your meal, plus your tip for the service (Please tip on the full amount!).
Everything was fabulous.  The beef was tender and spiced nicely. I am not a rice fan, but it was also very tasty.  We are planning to go back soon!
This place is a tiny little hole in the wall type restaurant. 

Super good food and super nice people. Will def be back. 

Tried the Peruvian Fried Rice and the Soltado with Egg on top. Both were very good. The hot sauce they make with the Rocoto was AMAZING.
The food was delicious, but the plates are a bit on the small side. We were still hungry afterwards lol
I am Peruvian and love to go to Tumi.  The food is great and prepared just like back home.  Chef Oscar does a great job, best Peruvian food in Phoenix per my humble opinion.  I love ordering the causa rellena and lomo saltado with an Inca Kola !
The food here is great! All the meals are prepared upon order and the staff is very friendly. You can quickly see their cooking staff is passionate about cooking the best meal for each guest. 

We have had the Lomo Slatado, Green Spaghetti and Lomo al Caballo. All three of the plates have left us amazed with great taste!

It's rare to have a small restaurant with so much personality and uniqueness in the Phoenix area, Tumi is one of them...it's a must stop.
Not bad Tumi, not bad at all. This place is completely unassuming. Its pretty bare, and was empty when I came in. Looks like an old takeout pizza place or something. My waiter was the guy sitting at the table next to me watching soccer...and he'd sit back down between picking up my food, and getting my order. Casual? Yeah, very. The food however is pretty solid. They have a wide selection of ceviches, and a mild obsession with corn. (Special big kernel peruvian corn, as i'm told..which had  a  less sweet and mealier texture it seemed to me.) I also had the Chicha Morada, which was a sweet purple drink purportedly made from the same corn. All in all, not neccesarily "fine dining" from any sense of the term I've ever known...but certainly worth the money. I'll be back.
If you are a fan of Peruvian food, or have never tried it but like other Latin cuisines, you must try Tumi. Food was fantastic, I had their version of a Paella (spicy with Tostones/Yucca) and all the seafood you would expect. The waitress was helpful, friendly and provided good suggestions for my order. A little gem in Chandler.
Small venue, but excellent food!   The service was top notch!   It was worth the wait to be seated with a party of 8.     I had the pollo slatado, and my wife had the Lomo slatado..   Seasoning was not too spicy.  Just enough to bring out the flavor in the the food when combined with the vegetables and fries.
PAUL R.
Wow. What a treat. Took my wife for a date we over ordered for sure and stuffed our faces in. Went here because of yelp.

I love the fact they had inca Cola. I definitely want to go back to try the other items. Would be nice if they added bread with the nuts
Neither my husband or I had every had Peruvian food before but decided to give it a try on Saturday night.  The food was fantastic - I'm adding going to Peru to my bucket list - but they only had one server for the whole restaurant.  We were hoping to get some descriptions of the food and recommendations since we weren't familiar with it, but the waitress was spread so thin and so flustered we gave up on any conversation.  We had to wave her down when we needed napkins, again when we needed our drinks refilled, and again when we wanted the check.  Normally we would have ordered appetizers and deserts, but it was just too much effort, so we stuck to just pointing at one item on the menu.  If we lived closer, I would get takeout, as we really enjoyed our food, but eating here was just too stressful and lacked the personal touch that I was expecting.
After hearing so many good things about this place my mom and I made the drive to come out here. My moms Peruvian friend brought her here a couple of months back and my mom said that I had to come try for myself. 

It's a small family style atmosphere, however the service was awful. I'm not from South America and not familiar with many of the selections and when we asked the waitress what she would recommend she stated that most people know what they want when they come there. 

I decided to go on yelp and see the options that were available based on pics since my mom didn't remember what she had the last time she came. We ordered the ceviche which was great and the chicha morada drink was very good as well. We ordered the seafood Jalea which looked amazing and grand. However was completely smothered in salt, so salty it was inedible. The shrimp was also not cleaned and prepared properly. So disappointing because the portion was generous and it looked divine. We then ordered the pesto pasta which was awful as the Pasta and steak was overcooked and very bland. I was beyond disappointed and couldn't believe the lack of service. Our waitress sat in a corner and ate and we had to flag her down just to get refills of water. I advised our waitress of the quality of food and she stated that was how it was prepared and served. 

I decided to order dessert because I am a huge fan of Alfajores, let me say the order of 2 Alfajores were PERFECTION! That's the only part of the entire meal that was amazing. The buttery shortbread style cookie (it's made out of maizena cornstarch) and cajeta were just perfect together. That is the only reason I would ever come back because they were that good. I would give one star for lack of service and quality of food for the price we paid but I am giving 2 for the amazing Alfajores. I probably won't be coming back though, too far and pricey for lack of service and quality of food.
This is hands-down the best Peruvian food I've had in az. 

To start, the place was almost full on a wednesday night- good sign. The waitress was very sweet and friendly. Now about the food...

Anticuchos. Do it. They were perfectly seasoned and cooked very well. Watch out for the salsa on the side, it is INTENSE. 

Causa Rellena de pollo- cold, delicious, potato chicken heaven.

Aji de gallina- full on yummies. This stuff didnt last long- it was creamy, cheesy, and again, yummies.

Last and favorite: lomo saltado. The sauce was unreal, like nothing I've ever tasted. That and the onions, tomatoes, beef strips.... great flavor. The best part was the fabulously crispy peruvian fries mixed in. However they fry these fries, they are magic.

Try this place out, there are a ton of things for the new and the experienced peruvian food fan to enjoy, you will be pleasantly surprised.
Everything here was OK.  Food was good, tasty, natural.  Service was OK.  Décor--OK.  Very, very small, kind of cramped with everything crammed into a tiny space.  Portions were a little bit larger than "small" and not quite "medium-sized."  Ceviche was very tasty.  Their "chicken stew" or Aji de Gallina was tasty--but much more rice and sauce than anything.  It might have had 2 or 3 bite-sized pieces of chicken in it.  Final price for 2 people, 2 entrees, 2 soups, and a pitcher of the purple maiz water was ~$50 after tip.  Definitely don't think the experience was worth the time, travel, or money.  Maybe if I lived nearby and really, REALLY had a hankering for Peruvian cuisine all the time I would consider going back.
Love this place! Always very welcoming. Best Authentic Peruvian food, with the best and nicest chef!
I am from Ecuador but I have a Peruvian friend who brought me here and to some other Peruvian restaurants, and all I can say is that of all Peruvian restaurants here in AZ this is my favorite, their food is delicious I love it, personally because it is similar to Ecuadorian food and since I don't know of a good Ecuadorian restaurant this is my place to go. The owner is so friendly.
Small restaurant with good food. At $70 (including tip) for three people,  I felt it was overpriced though. Also, I was not given a refill on my iced tea. The Beatles played on pan flute compilation being played as background music was interesting. Although the food was good, it wasn't anything special so I probably won't be going back.
We love this place, my husband and I go quite often. My husband lived in Peru for sometime and is constantly craving good Peruvian food!
This was my first West Coast Peruvian dish, and coming from New Jersey I was disappointed.  Although I was told it was "the best"; I disagree.  I had "Tallarin verde con Bisteck"; & the linguine was overbooked, the sauce was dull and dry.  For the first time I had it with Parmesan cheese, which only made it drier!!!!  The beef was very thin and lacked salt, it was also too small in proportion to the pasta.  The potato was good, crispy.  

The appetizer "Papa a la Huncaina" was ok.  Lacked salt and wasn't creamy enough. Also, their sauces (the green sauce being my favorite) was horrible!!!  It wasn't spicy, in fact it tasted like pickles...  Just gross.

Overall, the service was polite, price was ok, comfortable small atmosphere.  Very clean.  It's unfortunate I won't be going back... :(
Hmm.  Don't know anything about Peruvian food but it was just okay.  Had fried yucca, which was pretty good, also a slow cooked beef called Seco, and a shrimp dish.  We'll give it a second try but it was a little disappointing.  The place bills itself as Peruvian-Chinese but there were only a few items that were actually fusion dishes and the one I tried, a fried rice, was passable but nothing special.
My wife and I stopped in for lunch. We wanted to try something new. Never having tried Peruvian food, we followed  the waitress' suggestions. I can't remember the names of what we had, but we shared two entrees, one beef, one chicken, both were good. Nothing fancy, but good, new flavors, at least for me. That's why i would recommend, and will be visiting again, this establishment .
Me and my wife are both picky eaters and very picky when it comes to service.  I have to admit that I had my doubts about this place before we stepped through the door.  Inside the decor is simple and easy on the eyes. About 6 TVs around the walls, that might seem extreme but while eating the whole atmosphere felt like home to me.  The waitress Gail had a pleasant upbeat attitude and a genuine passion for the food and the culture even though she wasn't Peruvian. Now the food was incredible, me and my wife both had Seco de Carne which is slow cooked beef with Peruvian beans and rice.  Very delicious and a definite favorite for me and my wife.  We will continue to dine at this restaurant to try new foods and flavors. I am very glad we visited this place as it is a new favorite for us and I do recommend Inka Grill.
Why u have such low reviews, Inka Grill?  Food was AWESOME!  I caught this place on a drive by and saw a plate of Lomo Saltado on the window so I stopped in...I haven't had a plate of it in years, and it's one of my favorite South American dishes...it was FANTASTIC.  I didn't have the appetite to try anything else, but I'd go back for the Saltado anytime.  The green salsas (forget the name) are perfectly fiery and great.  They even serve the toasted corn kernels making it all very authentic. A bit on the pricey side is my only complaint.
This is a pretty small place with 6 TVs to take your dining experience away and pop music blasting in there.
 They have a little bit of an identity crisis... they can't make up their mind on whether they serve Peruvian or Chinese, seriously! They even give you fortune cookies with your bill lol
Their prices for lunch are the same as for dinner.
 Server was OK but it wouldn't hurt her if she'd smile once in a while even if it is in a fake-wanna get a good tip kind of way!
I think this is more Peruvian comfort food.  Having enjoyed the food in Peru, I anticipated a visit to this recommended restaurant.  Even went with a Native who did all the ordering. I would not expect anyone to know American food if I served them Mac & Cheese. This was not what I remembered from my trip, but as a tourist there I must have eaten differently than locals.
Ordered ceviche, chicken with pesto-like sauce, and beef with tomatoes and onions with rice.

My boyfriend really liked his chicken and pesto dish.  The sauce in my dish was good, but beef wasn't seasoned.  The ceviche sauce was good, but seafood wasn't fresh.  I'd probably go back again just for the ceviche.

Reason I gave it a 3-star, instead of a 4-star, is because the prices were way too high for a little and casual restaurant.  I spent $45!  I'd spend $45 for a casino restaurant, not at Inka-Grill.
This is a mediocre example of Peruvian food and the service was even worse.

I ordered tiradito, a ceviche-like dish. It need salt, but was the best thing I had. I also tasted the yucca in huancaina sauce. The sauce tasted like it came out of a can or packet. Not only have I had better huancaina sauce at other Peruvian Las Vegas restaurants, I can make better huancaina sauce at home, and I'm not even Peruvian. 

The service was also terrible. When we were paying for the meal, our empty appetizer plates still hadn't been cleared from the table. The service was slow, which is surprising since we were the only people there. Our waitress was on the phone taking an order when she brought out our food. She's also the person who made our drinks, which were not good and overpriced.

If you want good Peruvian food, go to Mi Peru on Horizon Ridge. It's not as good as Peruvian food you'd get in Miami, L.A., but it's the best you're going to get in Vegas. At least you won't want to ask for your money back like at Inka Grill.
Bring it up several notches, Inka! The Lomo Saltado was terrible. There was more fat on my steak than steak. The place was pretty slow (only 3 tables being serviced) and the waitress could not be any slower. Not only could she not be any slower, she was also pretty rude. When our dishes were brought out she loudly kinda tossed them at the edge of the table and walked away to another table. Our food came out before she remembered to bring the drinks, just didn't get an overall good vibe about this place. I'm glad I tried it and got the curiosity out of the way, but will not be a returning customer. Best of luck!
They changed the menu... Only have Aji de Gallina (one main dish) available on weekends or if customers asked for it (that's what the waitress said over the phone) but the second time I went there after they "re-opened" the owner said they just don't have it anymore. Seriously??

They take FOREVER to bring your dishes to the table, forget side dishes like platano frito or bring it when you finished your meal and bring the entrée before the appetizers even when they are not busy at all. 
I've been coming to this place since I moved to Vegas (10 months) and believe me when I say I won't be back.

The owner is the most rude person ever. If you think the waitress is bad; the owner (female) is even worse.

I usually order platanos fritos for my son. First time they brought it at the end of our lunch so we decided next time we'll just get everything to go. We did. When I asked the owner why they were taking so long she first said it was because they had other orders to go before us (which I never saw anyone picking up since I was parked in front of the restaurant) then I asked again and she said they didn't have plantains anymore so she send someone to buy some... Why not saying we just don't have anymore instead of making me wait forever?? 
I got pissed but she didn't seemed to care. She made me feel like she was doing me a favor. NOT COMING BACK even when I really like the taste of their food.
Apparently this place was just re-opened.    No idea, I just went in, there's little booths on the walls, no decor to write home about.

I was greeted by the waitress/cashier, ordered food to go, she spoke to me in English even though I spoke to her in Castellano Spanish and was very polite.  She kinda seemed rude.

She did however suggest a few meals after asking if I'd tried Peruvian food before.

I got the grilled chicken order, with veggies and salad, para llevar (to go)

It was under $10, was a full container of veggies and a huge chicken breast piece with delicious seasonings.  The salad was packed to the top with fresh lettuce and they gave me 3 sauces.  One I used for the salad, the other two were spicy.

I was starving, had just finished 2.5 hours of massage, I ate every bite.  Delicious and fresh.  Will definitely try it again.
I'm sad that the pollo com arroz is no longer on the menu but I still think this place is stellar with the new owners.
If I could give them no stars I would!!!
Because we don't know/have any other Peruvian restaurant close to us (plus we were in the same shopping center as the restaurant) decided to get some food to go.

We got choritos and jalea. I ended up eating the choritos by myself since they were a bit too hot for my husband's taste.

I've been sick for a couple of days now. I got indigestion, nausea, some fever AND now diarreah from eating that!! I know it was the choritos because I had nothing else other than tea with crackers in the morning and nothing at night since I felt bloated!!

PLEASE be careful with the choritos!! They might not be fresh.

I WON'T BE ORDERING OR EATING AT THIS PLACE EVER AGAIN!!
My brother and I originally tried Inka Grill back in February 2014. We LOVED their food. We lived in Bolivia when we were younger, so were excited to find a restaurant with a lot of similar cuisine to Bolivia. The owner greeted and served us and was so gracious to talk with us for a long time.

My brother had the Lomo Saltado and I had the Milanesa de Pollo (always my favorite). Both dishes were flavored amazingly. They came with salad (with the best dressing). Loved the sauces (the green is my favorite). It was great to have a Pisco Sour too. Since then, we have returned with different friends and family and the food is always excellent and reasonably priced.

My only feedback would be to brighten up the deco. Occasionally the service has been a little slow (was not the owner serving us).
We eat at Inca Grill once or twice a month.  We generally go for a half or full chicken with salad and lots of sauces.   Seems to be the best Peruvian restaurant in town... We love it! :)
I don't readily give out 5 stars... but if I could give Inka 10 I would.  Small individually owned place with cozy atmosphere and the owner is just amazing.  On to the food. Wow.... wow... wow, wow, wow, wow.  We had a party of four and each ordered a couple of items to share.  The rotisserie chicken is out of this world.  I had the "Lomo Saltado" which is a marinated skirt steak with veggies and rice.  The marinated meat literally just melted in your mouth (Pro-tip: order it with "extra juice).  We also tried the  "Parihuela" soup which is a seafood soup.  Slap-yo-momma good. The broth had the perfect amount of spice and body, and the seafood (fish, calamari, muscles, etc) was fresh and perfectly cooked.  Also!  The house made Peruvian sauces were literally a symphony of flavors perfectly balanced with fresh flavors and spice.  We will be definitely back next week and many more to come.

Go there.  Try it.  Tell'um I sent ya... and if you don't like, I'll give you your money back! (no refunds for clean plates and licked fingers).
Came in with my colleagues after seeing the advertisement of rotisserie chicken. Sat down and was greeted by the owner who gave us her recommendations and in depth explanation of what everything was. Inka Grill has found itself a customer for life. Food, Pricing and staff is amazing. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
The food was excellent...I'm not sure what was better though, the food or the amazing service that we received!!! The owner was fantastic and made sure that our first experience a great one. I've never eaten Peruvian food before and can't figure out what has taken me so long to try it. I'm glad I did today. I will definitely be back here as it is close to my work and everything we tried was excellent.
Upon ordering, everything we requested from the menu was somehow not available.  Maybe an issue with ordering supplies? Our group indulged in some ceviche, a meaty combo and some fish.  What we did eat was tasty with some good spice (heat).
Delicioso!! New restaurant. The flavors of south america in one place. The restaurant work as buffet. My favorite is the chicken a la brasa!! Uhhhh muy rico.
The reason why I only star because I came there once to have the rusticity chicken and it was okay even though that it wasn't on "Brazza" the sauces were not right than I came last Saturday to have the paella and I went to Peru once and lived there for three months so I know a little about their Cousine but what I had it wasn't nothing even close I understand that Wisconsin's not the best place for seafood but at least  I had tasted better paellas.. Poor service ,Poor quality, and worthless.
We had an order delivered by Straight to your door.  The delivery guy called us to tell us he was waiting there and the restaurant was running late.  The food was definitely luke-warm when it got here (I realize this may not be their fault but the delivery guy was doing his best).  And once we got it, it was really terrible!  We had an appetizer of corn sticks (I forget what they were called) and they were way too salty and dry, and then we had Mofongo, which turned out to be a pile of dry stuff - I guess that was the plantains - and next to it a pile of tough nuggets of pork.  Just really disappointing.  Especially because both of us really love plantains and were looking forward to this new (to us) way of preparing them.
This is a great casual lunch spot.  There are two ways of ordering.  You can either order from their hot bar -- kind of buffet style, similar to how you'd get Chinese food at a mall.   You can choose an entree and two sides.  The second option is to order off the menu, and they'll make it to order.  It was a little confusing to figure out how things worked here... but once we ordered, everything ran smoothly.   

I ordered the chicken in garlic sauce with plantains.  Pretty good, and it was a nice sized portion.  One of my co-workers got the chicken sandwich.  The thing was huge!!   It was big enough for two people.  Check out the picture I posted.   He was really happy with it.  

We also got some fried yucca.  It came with two different dipping sauces.  Both were really good... check out the pics!  I read in the Isthmus and another review elsewhere that the Rotisserie chicken is really good here.  Our waiter even mentioned his love for it.   Unfortunately we didn't give it a try.

I'll be back for the rotisserie chicken...and that chicken sandwich.
Excellent place to enjoy a meal , our waiter was really attentive and funny , i felt that he knows the food . The food was delicious and it really has the peruvian flavor ;) ... I cant wait to go back to eat here :) ... Yummy yummy  !!
I've come back here a few more times since my original review and decided that they need 5 stars.  They rock the lunch!  I have left happy every time I've visited.   

Things that rock:  Chicken sandwich, rotisserie chicken, fried rice plates, any of their sides, and of course -- the dipping sauces!!
Amazing little place. Delicious food, prepared with care, a great mix of flavors in every bite. You can taste the freshness of the herbs, spices and vegetables. 

Highlights: rotisserie chicken, grilled fish, salad with chicken a la brasa, sweet plantains, yucca fries, fresh juices (papaya, pineapple, mango, strawberry!). The dipping sauces knock it all out of the park. 

It's almost miraculous that you can feed a family of four a healthy, made-to-order meal of tasty grilled meats served with fresh fruits and vegetables at such a reasonable price. After living in the Twin Cities for a decade, a place like this would always be packed and over-priced. The brasa concept is popular - because it's so tasty and leaves you feeling GOOD. 

This place is a gem and a favorite.
It's a great low key place. The fruit juices are fresh, and the fish is fantastic. You can even get whole tilapia fish, which is a rare find in Madison. There are also fired plantains available! Menu is not overwhelming and really reasonably priced.
I often wait for 10 minutes without seeing a server - not a complaint, just something to be aware of. I wouldn't come if you're in a rush; service is reasonably fast once they start serving you, but it definitely has the ambience and food of a place you'll want to chill at for at least an hour. They introduced me to seafood ceviche and their purple corn drink. I highly recommend both. If you're not into seafood their other choices are great as well.
I was very excited to eat here since one of my friends said the good was delicious. So I drove there to see that the place was closed on a Wednesday in the middle of the day. The hours said 11-10 and no sign of why they were close at 3pm.... Disappointed.
I've wanted to try this place for months and just never made it in. What a mistake. I decided to try a few different items because the prices were really reasonable. I had the $5 rotisserie chicken dinner. Absolutely delicious. Latin spices, perfectly tender. Throw in two sides, I had the beans and rice. Beans were served in a little corn tortilla bowl, and the rice was very moist with hints of spice. I also ordered two chorizo tacos at $2 each. Typical authentic tacos. Two corn tortillas each, wonderful chorizo, and topped with sautéed sliver of white onions. Either of those was a meal, however I ate it all, because I'm a pig, and it was too good to stop.  I washed it down with a $2 bottle beer.  Yuuuuuuuummmmmmm. All this for a shade over $11 bucks.  I can't wait to go back.
The lady-friend and I have been in twice now and it is decided: this place is a winner.  Simple menu, delicious food, reasonable prices and great service. $3 beers and great guacamole is always a great way to start but all the entrees we have tried were very good and the rice and beans are killer. They also have a big-ass TV and do specials during the game, just ask when you're there.

This place really is a Gem! It is located just a few blocks off State Street and definitely worth the three minute walk past the usual restaurants.
Suffering from a mild bout of cabin fever, my daughter and I decided to brave the arctic conditions and grab some spicy food at A La Brasa.  I reviewed the menu options online before our visit and had a couple Peruvian-influenced items in mind when we walked through the doors.  However, the restaurant now describes itself as a "Mexican Grill", so it was time for a quick change of plans (note to management - please update your online menu).

After seating us, our server dropped off a basket of standard-grade corn chips and a bowl of pico de gallo.  The chips were heavily salted and were nothing to write home about.  The pico de gallo was excellent - it was loaded with fresh onions, cilantro and tomatoes along with a healthy dose of jalapenos.  My only problem with it was the bowl was too small and every time we tried to use a chip to scoop some out, most of the contents ended up on the table.  Because of this, we soon ran out of pico de gallo, but our server was too engrossed with a cell phone call to notice that we needed a refill.  

After adjusting to the new menu, I decided about the beef version of the Cemita Poblana sandwich ($10).  The sesame-encrusted bun was a disappointment; it had the texture of a hamburger bun from the local Piggly Wiggly.  Also disappointing was the beef cutlet - too little beef and far too much of the greasy breading.   I did enjoy the rest of the sandwich, which included loads of buttery oaxaca cheese, slightly sweet caramelized onions, spicy chipotle peppers and perfectly ripe avocados.  

The $7 cheese quesadilla ordered by my daughter became a comedy of errors.  She is a vegetarian and the first version of her cheese quesadilla was peppered with small chunks of chicken.  We flagged down another server (our initial server was still busy on his cell phone) who apologized for the error and promised to make a cheese-only version.  It came ten minutes later, but this time, the thick corn tortilla was a soggy mess.  (I wonder if it sat on the counter too long, since the first quesadilla did not have this problem.)  The replacement quesadilla also lacked a serving of the salsa verde that added some much needed zip to this dish.  We again flagged down a server, and after another wait, we received the green salsa.  By then the whole thing was getting cold - ugh.  While my daughter did enjoy the melted oaxaca cheese, she stated she strongly preferred the $3 Los Gemelos version of this dish.  With no sides, this dish was a poor value.

The interior of the restaurant was extremely clean, flooded with natural light and nicely decorated.  

Overall, the negatives of my visit (spotty service, lackluster food) outweighed the positive (superb pico de gallo).  With so many other great, local options for Mexican food, I doubt that I will be paying A La Brasa a return visit.
Came here with 2 friends for a late lunch/early dinner and the service was great. I got cactus huaraches and they were delicious and huge. The chips were freshly baked and the pico was really flavorful. It was all really affordable too.
This is a mixed bag. The service was hands down the worst I have ever seen. We were almost done with our meal when they brought the appetizer. When we were ready for the check they realized we haven't gotten all our drinks out yet and brought us the last drink.

The food was decent, and deserves better than 2 stars, but the bad service couldn't make up for it.

I am finishing this review just now (April 2014). The review pertains to our visit to A La Brasa in July 2013
It's really kind of a just alright. One could tolerate a meal here but when going out the idea is not to tolerate but to really enjoy.

Both me and my partner felt the food was kind of bland.
Hooray!!!! This place is off the hook awesome good! The owner and staff are so polite everything I ate was cooked perfect and I could taste that everything was so fresh so next time your thinking red lobster stop here instead like I did! You won't be disappointed and not familiar with Peruvian food this is a great place to get familiar with it .......definitely will be back!
As a Peruvian ex-pat, I constantly find myself under tremendous pressure when trying to satisfy my sivichi craving. I'm a regular at "Las Americas", "Don Beto" and "Mi Peru" - all of which are respectable establishments in their own merit. However, when news came through that a small, family-run restaurant was being born; I was forced to visit.

Upon first arrival I noticed a minor lacking of decoration, which is understandable as they have only recently opened. Their seating arrangement is comfortable, taking advantage of the large space provided, without seeming too empty. If I had not known this was a Peruvian restaurant, I would've thunk this was a 60's style diner! Not a bad thing, just unexpected.

A kind and familiar face welcomed us and led us to our thrones. Quickly, she brought our drinks and a small bowl of Peruvian Fried Corn, a tradition. The Menu seemed rather unintuitive, featuring a handful of classic dishes, but missing some too. More than anything, the restaurant's young age is seen in various ways. I firmly believe that through hard work and perseverance, their experiences will come with time.

I'm not one to order several dishes, but I had been craving a good ol' Peruvian meal for awhile, so my comrade and I decided on 5 dishes. A breeze of onion signalled the arrival of the "Choritos a la Chalaca" - which were good enough. The choritos didn't feel overly fresh, but the onion relish topping was fantastic - helping cover up any mishaps caused by the choritos. Completely understandable seeing as we're in the middle of the desert, a beautiful one at that. 

Before we could finish enjoying our choritos, a heaping plate of "Chicharron de Calamar" made its way to our table and hearts. We were won over by the light yet crispy coating which made these feel like small pillows from heaven. Flavorful yet not over the top. A house specialty!

As mentioned earlier, my main motivation came at the hands of the sivichi; I was slightly surprised after having been underwhelmed at other similar restaurants. The fish was cut well and the seasonings were just right. This took me back to the innocent days as a kid, sitting on Peruvian shores enjoying this same dish. Nostalgic.

To top it all off, I decided to splurge and give the "Anticuchos" a shot. Boy was I happy I did! Their flavor profile was spot-on, although they could've been cut a tad thinner, just personal preference.

All in all, I'm very pleased with the whole experience. Friendly staff, flavorful dishes and reasonable prices. There is great potential in this establishment and I hope to be there years from now when this is a booming part of the Las Vegas economy.
My Husband and I are from El Salvador !!! 

But we really like the Peruvian Food... Some of our favorite dishes are Ceviche, Lomo Saltado, chicken Lima Limon and others..

A nice atmosphere, local comprehensive, nice and clean.. And excellent Service...

The Best Peruvian Food in Las Vegas ....

***** CONGRATULATIONS *****

!!!!!!!!  God Bless You !!!!!!!!!!
First time going into the restaurant. My wife told me to give it a try, so, what the heck! Needs to work on the decor. The server was good. Needs to check the table a little more. 

Food, Tiradito de Pescado and Lomo saltado to start. The fish was tasty, the sauce need a little more cream. The saltado, over cooked beef, salty, three pieces of tomato but still eat it. Entree was a Jalea. The amount perfect for two people. The flavor was really good. I give them props on that, the only thing was the onions. Wow, thank god that there was mint on the cashier because I literally cried. Those where the strongest non-washed red onions that I've ever try in my life. I ask for extra lemon to kill the gas that came out of them every time I ate them. 

The menu, small to start. 
Prices are fare for the area that is located but should have more publicity. Peruvians go by word of mouth when it comes to food.

But one thing that they have in advantage over other places is the space. They should try a buffet like the one in Huntington Beach, CA. That place is always packed. Sure, compared to the amount of Peruvians there to here in Las Vegas huge difference.
Lima Limon was popping up when I was delving deep into Yelp looking for lunch options.  A factoid about myself that might very well scare some of you dearly is that I, on extremely indecisive days, can sometimes spend 10s of minutes just scouring the search results of Yelp looking for that new place to try, sometimes ending up 20 pages in without still being able to decide.  

I'd ended up on Lima Limon's yelp page a few times, but they sure don't make it easy to make a call in order.  I couldn't find ANY menu presence online, as they don't appear to have an official site, and none were uploaded to Yelp.  I ended up on their facebook where they sometimes post pictures of specials, but again I couldn't see anything definitive as far as a menu.  I decided to do something I've never done in my life, I basically cold called them and practically asked them to decide for me what to get.  The girl who answered was friendly, though she did seem a little dumbfounded at my request (naturally).   I believe she asked if I liked chicken, and I said yes, and then I asked if there was any cream or butter or milk in the preparation, and the next thing I know she mentioned something about seafood and I ended up with a rice with seafood (arroz con marisco) dish on order.  I asked if they had iced tea which is my norm and she brought up some specialty peruvian drinks.   Sure why not.   Off I went to collect both food and drink of which I had no idea what I was getting.   If this were a movie my heart would be pounding out of my chest while the protagonist was driving to the restaurant.  Since it was real life and I have no emotions I was fine.

When I arrived I perused a take out menu which I was nice enough to take some crappy pics of and upload here so you can have somewhat of an easier time ordering if you choose to do so.   I went straight for the descriptions of the drinks to figure out what I might be getting.  There were two options, one passion fruit based and the other sweet corn and pineapple based.  I love passion fruit so I assumed I was getting the pineapple and sweet corn drink (which they had just finished pouring).   I asked and they confirmed in a friendly manner.

I didnt even bother looking at the food before heading back to the office.  When I got back and finally opened it, I was pleasantly surprised by how it looked,smelled, and ultimately tasted.  It was a rice dish mixed with a lot of various pieces of seafood (shrimp, mussels, calamari) and veggies all mixed in a nice sauce that provided reddish/orange hue.  It had a bit of a kick which was nice, and the flavors were magnificent.  I devoured the whole thing quicker than it takes me to figure out what I'm going to eat daily.

The drink turned out better than I'd imagined, though it was very sweet which I'm usually not a fan of.   I probably wouldn't order it again though I wouldnt mind trying the passion fruit one at another time.

Overall, don't let the lack of web presence Lima Limon has prevent you from trying it, there's clearly some good flavors coming out of there.   For me it certainly deserves further investigation, and now I have a powerful takeout menu handy.
Amazing ceviche!!
We ate at Lima Limon on 3-12-2013.  It was a little hard to find as it was in a shopping center and didn't face Decatur as I thought it would.  I have no experience in eating Peruvian food but my girlfriend is from Peru and she said the quality of food was good.  What I ate was good (Lomo Saltado).  She had Mixed Ceviche  (with calamar, shrimp, oyster, onion, fish) which I tasted and it was good.  They had a salsa (Huacatay) which was nice and spicy and complimented the food very well.  The resturant was clean, looked new and the service was good.  They served Pervuian drinks which I would recommend and their were many dishes on the menu that looked and sounded very good.  I recommend this resturant if you like to try different foods.   We got there before  lunch and were served quickly and our order came out quickly.  I recommend giving this place a try,....you won't regret it.
When I was about 13, Lomo Saltado was a sick, sick obsession of mine. I used to eat it at least once a week and then I burned out on it, but lately I've been craving for it again. I've had this bookmarked the moment it went on Yelp. I love peruvian food...it's like the odd baby of South American flavors I like and Asian food (Chinese immigrant influence to the country). Hooray, rice!. 

We were given some crispy homemade cornuts (cancha) to snack on while we wait and some spicy aji to dip....it was pink, which I've never had before, I've always had the usual green. 

Lomo Saltado - pretty solid lomo! Yay! The beef was pretty tender which is the make or break point since really it's a pretty easy dish to make. Ask for a bit of lime to squeeze on and I used some of the aji on it which is how I've always eaten it. 

We wanted to get the lima limon chicken but they were out of the sauce so we asked what was popular and went with one of the recommended dishes.

Arroz con Mariscos -  The rice was seasoned well  and it was plentiful of seafood. The only thing I didn't like about it was the mussels had a strong flavor, but the seafood all were cooked right. I think I prefer just octopus and shrimp in my arroz than a whole mix, personal preference I guess. 
Portions here are pretty sizeable so for the $12ish each of these entrees cost, they were rather large. 

Instead of getting just coke, grab one of the specialty drinks if you can. We got some of the marucuya (passionfruit) and that was pretty refreshing.... You can buy by cup or pitcher and we should have gotten a pitcher. 

Service was pretty decent. I've seen the reviews about some servers not really being attentive, but our guy server checked  up on us a few times throughout eating to see if we needed anything. This is a positive change and thankful as the food is pretty good.

Just a note you can't see if from the stree when you're driving, but you'll see a Catherines Plus Sized store and Red Lobster. If you're here on a weekday before 3, also ask about lunch specials! 

Yes, I will be back for more lomo saltado!
Yum Yum Yum!  Thank you fellow yelpers for helping me pick my dinner last night and for not disappointing in the reviews.  I would have never found this place had it not been for you.  It's hidden in a half empty shopping center off Decatur and Meadows.  Although yelp says 10, they actually were closing at 9 last night (he said they close whenever his aunt and uncle feel like it).  We got there about 845 and the waiter/host was super nice and told us to come in and sit down.  There were only people at a couple tables and I was weary, as I had never had Peruvian food before.  I asked the waiter what he recommended and I ended up with an Inka Cola (tasted like big red soda) and the Beef Saltado.  It was SO good!  The meat was very flavorful and the fries soaked up all of the yummy juices.  I hope this place stays around so I can eat here more often.
The real deal!  This place is nothing super fancy but the food is absolutely incredible.  Ceviche is best seen to date.  Portions are large so sharing is perfect.  Recommend without hestiation.
The ceviche mixto is my favorite! All the sea food ingredients were so fresh and the taste was so good! The place is very clean and all the dishes were very appetizing! I'm so glad that this was the place we have chosen to celebrate my birthday!
I put a review 4 months ago and also talk to the owner of the place. Boy, what a 180* turn did she did on the items. The Jalea with plenty of calamary and fish. The lomo saltado need it more flame but still good. The Tiradito, wow! Way better than the first time. We also got a Causa for special because of Mothers Day. 

The service actually a lot faster. The best part are the prices, compared to the other "Peruvian" restaurants around Las Vegas, prices are adequate for the menu. If the restaurant keeps it like this it can do really good on the future.
When we first got here the place was empty, which made me a little apprehensive...maybe everyone else knew something I didn't.
We decided to go with it anyway and were happy we did.
I ordered the pollo saltado and having had it several times at several different restaurants, I will say that this was as good as any other I've had.
My girlfriend ordered the fettuccine with shrimp. While I thought this was a strange choice, I tried it and was surprised. It tasted like it had cinnamon in it, and even thought that may sound odd, it was a lovely addition to this dish.
I will certainly come back.
If I had a peruvian friend... this is what I imagine their mom's cooking to taste like!!! Everything is always so fresh! The Cerviche and Saltado (chicken & beef) are my favorite so far. I haven't had a chance to dine inside but whenever I to-go from here, the service is awesome!!! The older lady in the front is always smiling and speaking to me in spanish (even though she knows i don't understand since i'm asian), which makes me feel really welcomed :)!!
I didn't know about this place until my aunt told me about it, I've been to Mi Peru, Inka grill, las americas. Let me tell you this place defeats them all when it comes down to the Peruvian food. The portions are big unlike the other restaurants i metioned, this place keeps it traditional with the music in the background. The only thing that was sketchy upon first arrival was that it was behind an empty lot, there seemed to be nobody here. This place is a very casual place to go eat it at. My favorite dishes from here are saltado de mariscos, arroz chaufa, aji de gallina, and the dessert helado de lucuma con alfajor. YEAH! DEFEATED!
Excellent portions and seasonings. I am half Peruvian and went with two Peruvian aunts to eat here during our trip to Vegas. We went two days in a row as the food was excellent. I ordered the jalea and the arroz chaufa de mariscos the first day for my family. The two orders were enough for 3 or 4 people. The next day I ordered the parihuela. It was thick and tasteful. All the ingredients were fresh and one could tell. The restaurant was very clean and large and the music in the background made for a perfect afternoon. The only downer was the mini mall it was located in was pretty empty. I hope the word gets around about this gem!
WOW!!!! This is THE BEST restaurant in Vegas! First off, I have been dying for a good Peruvian restaurant and it has been slim pickings up until now. When my daughter and I walked in, the place is clean and modern. Instantly, you feel a very authentic Peruvian vibe. They were playing Peruvian music and the tv was set to Univision. It actually brought me back to younger years when I lived in South Florida, with such a strong Latin culture, where this music would be fully appreciated! Significantly unlike any other restaurant you will visit in Vegas. 

When we ordered the food - papa la huancaina, ceviche de pescado & lomo saltado, dear God I thought we died and went to heaven. Being Peruvian myself and having grown up with traditional home cooked Peruvian food, my standards are REALLY high. Not only did the food taste like my parents made it, but when I asked the server if they used GMOs or organics, he said that they used organic. Clearly, that is not verified at this time. However, the food was so savory and heavenly, I wouldn't doubt if it was organic. 

I don't remember ever going to a restaurant where the food tasted this completely amazing... ever! And I've been to some pretty amazing restaurants in my day. If I could give Lima Limon 10 stars, I would. Definitely a MUST. Go check it out for yourself!
Don't be put off by the somewhat bland, strip mall decor. Great, authentic Peruvian food. Had the ceviche, chicken lomas, and boiled potatoes. All terrific. The ceviche was dynamite! Enthusiastic and attentive service. Plan to make it a habit.
Let me preface my review by saying I have never had Peruvian food before, so unfortunately, I can't comment on the authenticity of the food. 

This restaurant had been recommended to us by a friend claiming it was the best Peruvian food in Vegas and so my boyfriend and I decided we would check it out. The location is a little unappealing - although very easy to get to, it's in quite a deserted strip mall, so there's not much activity happening there otherwise. Once inside, we were greeted by a friendly server in Spanish and immediately seated. We arrived at around 7:30 p.m. and there were about 2-3 other groups of people dining at that time. The interior resembled an old 50s diner with upgraded light fixtures. Also, interestingly, the entertainment comprised of Jackass on MTV, which we felt was a tad bit inappropriate for a family/dining establishment (about halfway through our meal, it was changed to "I Love You Man" on Comedy Central, an improvement but still questionable).

The menu was simple and consisted of appetizers, entrees (chicken, beef, and seafood), dessert and beverages. We had the maracuya (a passion fruit drink which we thought it tasted like guava/guayaba) and chicha morada (although a corn drink, we thought it tasted like a chai tea or horchata - really, the cinnamon was the overpowering flavor). These drinks were $2 a cup (no free refills) and otherwise they had regular fountain drinks available.

Our order initially consisted of the palta rellena, arroz chaufa, and pescado a lo macho. Again, never having had Peruvian food, we had no idea what to expect and merely went by recommendations provided from other reviews. The server came back to let us know that they were out of the palta rellena and recommended we try the tiradito de pescado as an appetizer instead. Although I was really looking forward to the palta rellena (avocado stuffed with cooked potatoes, mayonnaise, and cooked chicken), the fish strips bathed in yellow pepper lemon sauce were surprisingly delightful - something to note was that the fish and sauce are cold, I was expecting that they would be warm. The arroz chaufa was merely chicken fried rice, with a slightly different flavor than what you would expect at any traditional Asian restaurant. The menu description for pescado a lo macho was fried fish topped with Peruvian fish sauce and served with white rice - there were some additional seafood items included with the fish sauce and fried fish, such as calamari, octopus, oyster, and shrimp - that being said, the dish was probably the most delicious of the two entrees. To end, we had the crema volteada, which is essentially like a flan but made with milk and is therefore a lot thicker in substance. 

Overall, we thought the server was very friendly and attentive and the food was tasty, but I gave it a 4-star rating since the atmosphere was a little off. I would definitely come back and try something else (including that palta rellena) someday!
Do not recommend this place. The bland, unappealing and cheap decor would have been excused had the food been good.
That was not the case. The quality of food served was on par with McDonalds except a much higher price tag.
Very mediocre Peruvian food.  The place has this really funny smell, which in my case, it prevents me from enjoying any meal.  
We ordered a "Bistec a lo pobre" and the meat was not good at all.  It was extra seasoned so it would taste better but it didn't.  The plantains were about to go bad which I found out by the taste of them.  Rice was good and french fries....
Peruvian food is so delicious that is upsetting we don't have a decent Peruvian restaurant in Las Vegas.  Honeslty, there is NONE.
This place was great! I was in the Las Vegas area and someone recommended this place. I've been to Peru before and I loved the flavorful food there. I've eaten at Peruvian restaurants before and usually ended up disappointed by the food but this place was definitely an exception. The food was very delicious and presentation was authentic.

I ordered the Ceviche and the Lomo Saltado and they were both outstanding! The flavor and presentation of the ceviche was excellent and the Lomo Saltado was prepared perfectly. The meat was very flavorful. I was also happy with the service. The food was delivered quickley and the waiter was attentive.

The place could use a little more decoration but don't let that put you off. If you want authentic, delicious Peruvian food this place is great choice!
for never having tried Peruvian food before it was pretty good.
Coming from LA, I was hooked on lomo saltado. When I moved to Vegas, I was on the hunt for a good authentic Peruvian restaurant. After about 3 or 4 places, I gave up. Until I found this place on yelp, which is conveniently located down the street from meadows mall. 

I've been here numerous times and order the same thing all the time. Lomo saltado!!! It's a thin pieces of beef cooked with onions, peppers, tomatoes and cilantro. They throw in French fries in the mix to soak up some of the juices. (I do wish that they would use the steak cut fries instead of normal fries, but thats just me). All served with a side of rice!! So so yummy. Tender cuts of meat cooked and seasoned perfectly. Only down side is that they don't serve the green sauce that is a staple in other Peruvian restaurants. They do offer a red hot sauce if you are looking for the extra kick. 

If you are in the area. I highly recommend this place. The waiters are super sweet and attentive. 

P.S. I freaking love onions so the fact there there are tons of onions in this dish is a plus!!! And the onions are still crunchy!!! Mmmm
If this place had better service, it would have five stars in my book. 

The food was really good. I had the tiradito, and all I could think is that I wanted more.  We also tried the stuffed avocado, and it was really good. As we were enjoying our food, my eyes kept wandering to the near-by tables. Based on what I saw, I will be going back.

What I didn't like was the service. Our server took FOR-EVER to get us our drinks and food. Everything was in slow motion, and it wasn't busy. Also, the restaurant doesn't exactly have ambiance. It was clearly a diner, a tacky one at that, before the Peruvians took it over. 

That won't stop me from going back. However, I might order take out next time.
A very nice Peruvian girl took me here, she certified it authentic, I certify it tasty. Good value, you will take home a box. Feels like grandma is making you dinner. Clean place. Go here, try it.
love ,love, love this place!!
the ceviche is absolutely delicious !!
 the food is fresh and authentic ( I guess , I've never been to Peru so I don't really Know )
We had the Lomo saltado,ceviche and the papas a la huancaina ,Was VERY Pleased with everything .
Totally inexpensive for how good the food is .We'll definitely be back to Lima limon .
Wow, wonderful service and delicious food , conveniently located (for me). I will admit I am not exactly familiar with Peruvian cuisine, but our server was able to easily guide our choices, describing pretty much the entire menu in detail. I am a fan! The portions were generous and the ingredients were fresh.

The Lomo Saltado was off the hook. I'm craving it right now. I've actually made it myself at home since having visited Lima Limon, but I'll take theirs any day of the week.
Lomo saltado and seafood saltado were really great and if you ask for their spicy sauce it makes the dish taste even better. Our server/host Juan had great knowledge of all their dishes and was very hospitable. Their location might be hard to find for some since they are located in the commercial area that leads to Target. In short, they're behind the gas station in the corner of decatur and meadows. Can't wait to go back and try more dishes!
Best ceviche had since travelled in Peru years ago. Very authentic and great helpings - had the lomo saltado and anticuchios which were delicious. Service very warm - perhaps overly attentive! Decor - authentic I suppose :p but doesn't compromise eating experience.
Had the Lomo saltada. It was really good. The meat was juicy and the sauce for the meat is amazing. Mix it in with the rice and your golden. 

The hot sauce also is very delicious not sure what it is exactly but I used it for the meat, the onions, the tomatoes, and fries. Good on everything. 

Worth a try for sure. Just wish they had something else on TV besides telemundo news
Food is great however the service can definitely use some improvement. Will definitely be returning.
Excellent food, el chaufa de mariscos Muy Bueno y la picadera buena seleccion para la entrada!!!!
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!! 
I got the tacu plate and it was so good! 
The service was slow. But the food made up for it. 
Definitely will be going back just to get the food! Yum!
My friend and I were visiting Nevada from Vancouver, Canada. We decided to try out some local Peruvian and drove across the city to eat at this place. Sooooo glad we did, wow! We had the ceviche mixto, the avocado stuffed with potatoes and chicken and the lomo saltado. Amazing flavours, I haven't had such good ceviche since I was in South America. We couldn't stop talking about this place so after leaving the Grand Canyon we set our GPS to Lima Limon and had it one last time. Muchas gracias Lima Limon, su comida es muuuuuuuuy rica!!
Peruvian food in Las Vegas?? Whaaaaa... so good! Fresca in the Bay Area is really hard to top, but this place is a great replacement for SF transplants. The set up is a bit funky - this place used to be some sort of 50's style diner and they have kept the decor, but it looks like they are trying to fix up the back area to be more in line with the style they are going for. They use an iPad as their menu, which is a great way to see pics of their food and get a feel for the portion size. Our waitress was extremely helpful and patient, I highly suggest getting the calamari appetizer and their in-house mayo. I had asked her which of the specialty drinks she preferred (I can't think of the names now, but one was passion fruit flavored and the other one was more cinnamon) and she actually offered samples of the drinks. And there weren't tiny cups, she filled up 1/3 of a regular cup and let us taste it. Both had really distinct and strong flavors that paired well with our meal, so definitely order a specialty drink when you're here. I ended up with the lomo saltado as an entree - I wish the meat was a little bit more tender, but still, good flavors and portions. They also do have an aji de gallina which our waitress said they only have as a breakfast special, so I'll try to come back for that. I'll definitely be back to explore the menu a bit more and order those wonderful drinks.
Driving Around Town Looking For Something Different Came Across This Peruvian Restaurant. Didn't want to try regular chain restaurants. I had the lomo saltado. It was delicious ! Lots of flavor and the salsa was AMAZING Tangy Perfect for my rice :) I would go back next time I'm in town(california ). The free corn was bomb!!
We discovered Lima Limon through yelp as a newly open peruvian restaurant.   We chose the usual dishes that people would normally get at other Peruvian places in the area.   We got ceviche mixto,  lomo saltado, chicken  chufa, and sopa de pollo. The lomo  saltado taste inconsistently depend on the time & day we went. Otherwise it a solid Peruvian restaurant.
The ceviche was amazing! Fresh and delicious. The rice was also flavorful. The sampler plate is a good option to share.
Unfortunately I had to give a one star to this restaurant .
I decided to make an order over the phone for my food to be pick up on my way to work. i called one hour prior to make the order .after hour and 10 minutes i went to get the food .well it turn out they didn't have it ready . when the lady on the phone told me it will be ready at 12 .

I LEFT WITH NO FOOD - 

I can get food anywhere is Las Vegas, but they lost money and a customer .

Customer service is the number one factor in a business it can give you lots of success of it can be a business downfall .
Got an hour before back to training, so gotta hit up the nearby spots.  Luckily, Lima Limon, a place we got listed on our monthly "ethnic cleansing" list (culturally different places that has never been tried before) was just miles away.

The dilemma...the gang at work will not be pleased to learn that two of us couldn't resist the temptation to take a test drive, without them.  Shhhhh...Hopefully, they won't find out.  I keep telling them to jump up on Yelp, this is why lol.  

I read a previous review about how a Yelper put in a phone order and left unhappy with an empty stomach, swearing she would never return.  This game we play is an emotional one indeed.  Although, like movie reviews, I think we can't let others comments derail us without having tried it for ourselves.  Remember, chefs & staff are people too, and bound to make mistakes.  I wonder if this Yelper ever allowed the staff an opportunity to remedy free situation.  But that's neither here nor there.

Anyhow, we were pressed for time and had to eat with the quickness and by this time had 45 minutes left.  I opted for the mainstay dish, lomo saltado, another for a trainee and a fried shrimp calamari plate.  I was concerned with how long it would take, 40 remaining...and counting.  Nothin to do but sit, wait and analyze the decor that reminded me of an old school diner/karaoke/dance/buy-me-drinkee bar...for those of you that don't know, Google it!

The homie decided to bounce after ordering to get gas in the interim.  Surprisingly, by the time he returned, out came the dishes!  37 minutes to spare...but bad for two full size entrees and a hefty appetizer.  I usually wait for all parties before I start eating, in respect, but this was an exception and dived in while my patnah was in decontamination from the petro mission.

7 minutes later, the lomo was no-mo!  Although it was very similar to chop steak, it was tender and flavorful with a unique sweet soy sauce line taste with a hint of tang.  With 30 minutes to spare, I was more than satisfied with the outing.  Got full, got back to work and ninja mission accomplished.  I will mos def be back with the rest of the unit, fighting the urge to tell them what we tried today since we gotta keep it on the hush.

They get a 3 star rating for now and will reevaluate soon when I return with the squad.  Service was good and friendly but food did not wow me.  Perhaps the ceviche can change my mind...
Went in on a Friday night. Good food but expect to wait a long time if ordering take out.  For a such a size establishment, they were understaffed.
Tried this place out and fell in love with the food. I loved it so much I've been here twice and I recommended my friends to give it a try and they too loved it. Our waiter Jose is just wonderful, so helpful to new customers and very attentive. Just a quick heads up...Since Jose is the only waiter be ready to wait a little bit before getting waited on but he does try to go as fast as he can. 

If this is your first time trying out Lima Limon just let Jose know and he will bring you his Tablet where you will be able to see a picture of the plates, that way you will know what your plate will look like before ordering it. They also bring out their Peruvian corn kernels to snack on.

I recommend trying out everything on the menu as I plan to do just that, hehe
I have been to this restaurant 3 times, and I will keep on coming back. I had a chicken soup was good, arroz chaufa good too, and a lomo saltado ( my favorite dish there so far!)The staff is nice and I have no complaints. They do take a little longer when is busy, but that is expected as people eat at restaurants they like. I never waited too long for my food though. Overall, I like the food and the staff so I give it four stars. Also, I plan on bringing my peruvian family from out of town to this restaurant!
Kicking myself for not stopping by earlier! The food here is so good :) I've driven by a few times and thought, someday I'll try it. So glad I finally did :D Really friendly staff and amazing food. I had the Lomo Saltado, highly recommended :D
Such a great find in Las Vegas! I lived in Peru for 2 years and return often for business.  The food here is just as good as it gets.  As is in Peru, the portions are huge and flavorful!  We had a Lomo Saltado, an Arroz con Mariscos, ceviche...and a few other typical platters. Everything was wonderful. The service was great. I can't wait to get back to Las Vegas, just to return to this restaurant.
I lived in Peru for 7 years, and I was really excited to try this restaurant.  A friend and I dined there this evening and I can honestly say, this is authentic Peruvian fare!  We shared the sampler platter of seafood which was recommended by the owner, who is Peruvian, and it was delicious.  Then we shared a dessert, I can't remember the name, but basically it was "flan".  Great experience!  The service was excellent and the food was exceptional.  I highly recommend it....
So I went to check out this new place and although they do not have a lot of the plates I was expecting they have really really really good ceviche!!!! And there prices and fair!!
Got takeout for dinner here: went for the lomo saltado and the stuffed avocado. Called in my order at 8PM, was told to be there in ten minutes- arrived in 15, and still waited another 10. Not a big deal, gave me time to take in the décor.

I'm not sure why whoever opened this restaurant to sell Peruvian food and didn't bother to remodel he interior. Even just painting the red portions of the walls and trim to yellow or green, to match the logo on their business cards, would be a huge step up and be more cohesive and on theme.

Finally got my food and headed home, hoping the lack of Peruvian influence in the décor was not going to be repeated in the kitchen. But I was at least partially surprised by the quality of the food: the lomo saltado was a plentiful portion (thankfully, as the pricetag was $14) with peppers, onions, and steak strips over an overwhelming portion of fries, served alongside white rice. The rice actually, was very good. Despite not appearing to have any seasoning, it was flavorful and moist without being "wet". Loved using it to soak up the extra juices from the steak and onion sauté. However, I do agree with other reviews that say that the steak could have been more tender.
The stuffed avocado was perhaps the most underwhelming Peruvian dish I've ever paid $7 for. The avocado was not even ripe, and the mashed potato, chicken, and mayo mixture was bland and homogenous to the point where I could not find chicken in the dish. Not sure how or why this is so highly recommended in other reviews, maybe it was just an off day.

Side note: the creamy-looking red salsa sauce they have is surprisingly flavorful.. and has quite a bit of kick to it! Definitely get it but use it sparingly until you figure out if you can take the heat.

Edited to add; subtracting an additional star because I got sick to my stomach shortly after posting this (about 10 minutes after finishing my meal) and I continue to feel queasy.
#1 family-owned Peruvian restaurant in Las Vegas. Staff is always so welcoming and open to accommodating your meal to your liking. I bring my girlfriend here whenever we are craving peruvian cuisine. Definitely recommend the Ceviche Mixto and the lomo saltado. You have to try the Inca Cola with your meal.  The ultimate meal is the Seafood platter sufficient for two. I have tried every peruvian restaurant in LV and this is my favorite! The owner is very humble and respectful.
I had never tried Peruvian food before, so when I noticed this restaurant steps from the salon I frequent (props to Foxy Lady!), I filed it away to try someday. That day was today, and I only wish I had made this decision earlier!

My husband and I stopped in for lunch, and the large restaurant was nearly empty. Our friendly server brought us a bowl of salted corn kernels (like naked Corn Nuts) and when we told her we were new customers, she brought out a tablet to show us pictures of the various dishes. (Although the menu was fairly descriptive, the images helped to show the differences between the seafood preparations.)

For appetizers, we split papa a la Huanciana (boiled potatoes in yellow pepper cream sauce) and palta relleña (avocado stuffed with potatoes, mayonnaise, and chicken), two traditional cold dishes that seemed like something you'd eat at a picnic. They were both great on their own but even better with the spicy garlic-pepper sauce that our server provided.

For our entrees, I had the lomo saltado (stir-fried rib-eye strips with tomatoes, peppers, and onions, served with sides of french fries and white rice). This, too, is a traditional Peruvian dish, but it didn't stand out to me; I almost felt like I was in Hawaii with all the starchy sides! My husband fared much better with the tacu tacu con mariscos (mixed seafood with fish sauce served with a fried rice and bean patty). We're usually not big fans of octopus or squid, but the sauce was fantastic, and the side dish was a tasty addition.

They don't serve alcohol, so I had an Inca Kola, which was like a golden cream soda, and my husband had the Kola Inglesa, which tasted a lot like Big Red. We both preferred the Inca Kola, and while it was pretty sweet, that's something I would try again.

I read that Peruvian food has lots of Asian influences, and that was certainly the case here, from the soy sauce in the beef dish to the fish sauce in the seafood. And these Latin American flavors reminded me more of Cuban food than traditional Mexican. Portions were large but a bit pricey for lunch, so next time I think I'll stick with the appetizers (and maybe split an entree); there are plenty of options that I'd love to try.

The restaurant has a cute yellow and green logo that appears on their sign and their business cards. It's too bad the interior of the building looks like a '50s diner (red, white, and chrome); it would look so much better with the same theme inside. 

Although our server was friendly and helpful, service was a little slow. We had to ask for water several times, and it took a while to get our bill. But if you have time for a leisurely meal and want to try something out of the ordinary, Lima Limon is worth a visit.
Ambience decor still feels like a Chinese restaurant. We shall see how their traditional dishes fair.

I ordered the Pollo Saltado and I was interestingly surprised. The white rice parsley and vegetable stir-fry mixed with the chicken was the perfect meal for me. Order usually comes with french fries yet I declined this option. I did request their hot salsa, this was an icing for my tastes buds, not for the "mild" salsa eaters.

I am looking forward to trying a new dish here soon.
Lima Limon sits in a desolate shopping center off of Decatur Blvd. It is next door to a Port of Subs. You will see the bright yellow/green sign and then enter into what is definitely 1950s diner vibe. Not sure what that is about - but maybe they are just waiting to revamp.

Service was exceptionally nice. I believe this place is definitely a mom-n-pop place as the waiter took great pride in talking to myself and my co-worker about the types of food, how it is made, etc. He even brought out an iPad so we could scroll through and see what the dishes looked like before we ordered.

I've never had Peruvian food before. The menu is straight and to the point. Most meals are simple: a meat, a carb, and a few veggies. In fact, some dishes come with both fries AND rice. It is somewhat reminiscent to me, of Hawaiian food, that comes with macaroni salad AND rice. However, Peruvian food obviously has an Asian-influence as I could distinctly taste soy sauce, and the "pasta" that came with my dish was very much like noodles you may find in an Asian dish.

I ordered the Tallarines Saltado with chicken. This is a BIG dish of food. Noodles were cooked perfectly, and chicken was good. Very few vegetables though - I thought I would get more tomatoes, but there were only two in my dish. Overall, the meal was good, but not great. Not sure if this is just because of the Peruvian dish itself - or the restaurant.

I would like to try Peruvian food elsewhere to see how it compares. For now, an A-OK will do.
I went to this restaurant for the first time tonight. I arrived as they were closing (I didn't realize they were closing) but they allowed me put in an order to take out, which was extremely nice of them. I am so glad they did because the food was phenomenal. Really authentic Peruvian food. Definitely will be going back.
i have to say lima limon is a truly hidden gem in Vegas, if the peruvian food is fantastic and good compared to any other peruvian restaurant in vegas. i have dined here twice and both times has not disapointed me. dishes recommended lomo saltado, jalea de mariscos and anticuchos.
This place is amazing, everything is delicious but my favorite one is "Lomo Saltado" literally I could eat it every day!!!
Also you have to try the Lucuma Ice cream, love it !!!!!
Amazing food. First time eating Peruvian food and I am a fan. The food was fresh and delicious. Service was a bit lacking and Univision was very loud on the TVs..but I got to work on my Spanish while waiting!
Don't let the run down shopping center turn you away.
Amazing food!!! Get the lomo saltado and ceviche it is amazing! We get it every time :)
Another great find with the assistance of Yelp!

We were driving down Decatur and heading towards Cardenas when we saw a small sign for Lima Limon.  While sitting at the light I quickly Yelp'd Lima Limon.   It has some great reviews so we pulled in to the parking lot.  At first glance, this is not someplace you'd drive by and decide to eat.  The Target that was previously in this lot is closed and this strip mall is not the most inviting place.

Upon entering I wasn't sure that we made the right decision.  The place looked rather old and the booths are super uncomfortable.  I felt like the waitress turned on the lights just for us as we walked in.  However, she was very nice and attentive.  Until she got busy.  They could use another front of the house staff member.

We ordered Ceviche, Pollo Saltado and Lomo Saltado.
The Ceviche was awesome. Be prepared that the fish is in large chunks but so very tasty!!

Pollo Saltadao and Lomo Saltado were SOOOOO DELICIOUS.  Hubby cleaned his plate!!  Make sure to get their pinkish/red salsa.  It's got a kick to it so test it out first...  but it's absolutely amazing.

On the way out the door we bought a box of home made Alfajores.  Aflajores are my favorites Peruvian shortbread cookies with caramel so I couldn't wait to try them.   I got home and opened up the box...  the cookies are delicious.  The shortbread was a little lighter than what I'm used to for the cookie but I will definitely get these again.

Can't wait to go back!
After watching this space for a year, I had given up on it opening. It was worth the wait.

The space has been extensively renovated from the Antojito's El Toril days. And the food is excellent.  

I had the Cuban sandwich, the spouse had the veggie. Both came with a cilantro sauce on the side. Both were delicious with a lot of different flavors going on. Our daughter had a steak and tomato dish that she really liked. The waitperson (very knowledgeable) explained that chicken nuggets were coming soon. I said, "The kid doesn't do chicken nuggets. She wants real food." So if you are looking for chicken nuggets for the kids, you may have to wait a bit. We split a custardy dessert that was fabulous to end the meal. 

I would have given five stars, but the menus at Surco did not have prices on them. To be fair, they are still waiting for those to be printed. We were handed color printouts of a menu and just figured we would be paying lunch prices, since we were there around noon on a Saturday. But when we got the bill, it was clear we were paying for dinner. This is what they plan on doing for Saturday business--a dinner menu all day. I'm not sure I agree with that, but that's where it is right now. Weekdays there will be a lunch menu, and I assume, a corresponding spike in affordability. 

The east side finally has a Peruvian restaurant. My only caveat is they are waiting on the real menu cards to be printed. Overall, I predict it will become a destination, even if the outside is still a little gritty. It's east side, after all.
The sign had been there for awhile, the owner told me weekly at the food cart they would be opening any day, but for a year we waited.  And totally worth it, got back from vacation and voila, Surco was open on Cottage Grove Rd, super close to the east side Y and Monona Drive, so easy access.  

Y-U-M!!  The menu is totally different from the cart, and so are the prices, BUT don't freak out, the prices while higher are totally fair for what you get, both in quantity or quality.  Well, unless you're one of those Wisconsin-slim folks who require two plates of food or bottomless fries with a meal to fill you up.  We shared a quinoa salad with two kinds of Lima beans, veggies and a wonderful and not overly sweet mango sauce, and the Cuban sandwich with plantains and a really great cilantro sauce.  We ordered takeout, but most people were eating in.  Nice crowd for a Saturday lunchtime, hope this means they're doing well.  

Get in your car, go eat there, they rock, and I love it when our loyal food cart owners open brick and mortar, so support them!
I live in the neighborhood so am thrilled to have this restaurant finally open.  I was amazed at the quality of the food, friendliness of staff and nice atmosphere.    I too wish I could remember all the dishes we had.  We had several appetizers that were beautiful and delicious.  The Cerviche Classico was superb and fresh.   I will go there frequently and hope others search this place out.  It would be worth the drive as I agree the location isn't the best for most.   Make the trip you won't regret it.  I also feel the food was worth the price and you can bring in your own wine for only a three dollar corking fee.  We did that and had  more than enough food for four people and left with a bill under sixty dollars for four people.   No complaints!
A bit overwhelming on my stomach. Yes, it's pretty good, but the amount of salt, rich flavoring (butter, cheese, spice), and amount of things fried were too heavy-duty for my simple veganized  digestive systems.
The service was a tad bit slow in my opinion. Although, out waitress was very friendly. My bf ordered a rice dish (Arroz con pescados) in which tiny sharp clam shells were scattered - not exactly what you want to bring into your mouth. At the end of out dinner, We politely suggested that they remove those shell pieces from the future plates.
I guess I had higher expectations based on other reviews. I appreciated the fresh ingredients, but kind of 'meh' overall.
We've been meaning to check out Surco for several months, but finally made it this evening. My only regret is that it took us so long! Catch up with Surco soon, while you can still get seating easily. They are supposed to get a liquor license by the end of October - once they have a wine list, I predict it will be tough to get in here without reservations. 

This is a charming little place, with superb food, nice atmosphere and good (but not great) service. Peruvian food seems calculated to encourage excess; all those varied influences seem to tempt an undisciplined chef to go all hot and spicy, or salt/soy sauce crazy, but the dishes we had were balanced, complex, and full of flavor. Especially, nothing was slathered or drowned - the saucing was perfect.  

The entry is still the same weird layout from the previous restaurant, but the dining room itself is warm, clean and elegant. The only thing missing is some window treatment - the view of the parking lot is just not all that fine. Get seated away from the window, and the space is pleasant and inviting. 

My wife is not a dairy person, but the compound butters served with our bread course hit the spot for her! The small rolls might have had a little more crust, a little more tooth, but they were warm and tasty. 

One of THE signature dishes of Peru are anticuchos, beef hearts roasted on a skewer. We ordered them as an appetizer. The small cuts were perfect, firm but not chewy, and lightly coated with a fantastic sauce that includes, among other things, something called "black mint." Peruvian corn and a meaty slice of potato filled out a great introduction. The cilantro sauce, served in a chinese ceramic spoon, was almost a gilding for the lily. 

For dinner, we ordered the ceviche mixto and the lomo saltado. The ceviche, with fish, shrimp, squid and octopus, was served in a marinade with a strong but excellent balance of lime, salt, and heat. With peruvian corn and red onions, every bite was a different taste adventure. My wife thought the shrimp didn't work - I, on the other hand, was convinced that the marinade was just too rich for ordinary fish (whitefish? cod?) but perfect with shrimp. So she ate the fish, I ate the shrimp, and we shared the calamari and octopus. Happiness all the way around. Ceviche is great with a bland cracker, but there were no crackers to be had in the kitchen. Our waitress hustled up a couple more of those excellent rolls, warmed in the oven. 

The lomo saltado, called "al pisco", is grilled beef tenderloin, with sweet peppers and mild onions, all coated with an unctuous soy-sauce based glaze. (Again, sauced just perfectly.) This dish came with thick-cut french fries AND white rice. We would have asked for some sauce on the side, to mix with the rice, but after being a pain about the ceviche, I didn't want to be too pushy. But that rice could have used something, with all the competition on that plate; maybe a little saffron would be enough to bring it all into balance.

The one thing missing here is service on a caliber with the food. Our server was certainly friendly and efficient. But at fine-dining prices, I would have liked a bit more personality and polish. The clattering silver and casual attitude are close, but not quite up to par with the rest of the space.
I dined with my husband on a Friday night.  The space is cozy, but we were seated right away.  The atmosphere reminds me of sitting in a good friend's dining room, with subdued lighting, tasteful music, and a very enticing aroma wafting gently from the kitchen.

The best dish we ate was one of the seafood specialties -I can't remember the name.  It was shrimp, squid, clam, mussel, and octopus in a heap of saffron rice.  The flavor was well-balanced, and so good I did not want to disrupt the experience to take a bite if my husband's meal.  He polished off my dish when I got full.  

Dessert was interesting - a soft caramel in a cocktail glass.  I think I tasted cinnamon.  This was topped with a sticky fluff of whipped sugar that was slightly browned .  The topping tasted just like a toasted marshmallow!
Peruvian cuisine? What's that? Is it like Mexican? No! Is it like that Argentinian beef stuff? No!  It's sauces you've never tasted, a blend of Japanese presentation with spicy new world flavors. Maybe you've heard of empanadas and ceviche but ground walnuts and peppers and spices blended into a creamy (no dairy) sauce (aji) on shredded Chicken? It will blow your mind. Different kinds of marinated potatoes with blends of sauces and vegetables that are gorgeous to look at and delicious to eat.

Years ago, one of the best restaurants in Portland, OR  (Andina) opened our eyes to Peruvian cuisine. Surco just raised the bar in Madison. This is a step up from the well-liked Inka Heritage on Park St. We had a trio of potato treats and ceviche mixta as appetizers, followed by  Aji Chicken, a chicken fettuccine with saffron sauce dish and the Lamb special. Wow, wow, wow!

They don't have their liquor license yet (by the end of the month, they promise) and that will put them over the top. A malbec with the lamb would have been transcendental.

Seriously! One of the most delicious and flavorful dinners I've had in Madison. We'll be back when they get their wines in. I have a feeling this is going to be on the regular rotation.
We found Surco to be a great experience for our first time dining Peruvian. Our entrees were very satisfying. I had Pollo Saltado and my husband had something similar, but with beef tenderloin. The chefs work will not go unrecognized for us. The soup before the meal was fantastic too. The atmosphere was clean and calm, and the waiter was very knowledged about Peruvian decent. His recommendations about the menu were very helpful. We can't wait to come back again. Do not pass this place up!
YUH-UH-UM!
Awesome Peruvian food tonight at an assuming east side locale. 
Don't drive by it though, there's delicious inside. 
Our server was spot on making awesome recommendations from start to finish, including an intriguing take on tiramisu made from lucuma fruit... a sweet complex fruit that's somewhere between pumpkin and sweet potato with a tinge of maple and cinnamon. GET THIS!
Surco Peruvian is the best Peruvian restaurant in Madison. Albeit, I've only tried one other Peruvian restaurant in town. The restaurant has a cozy atmosphere and amazing food. Boyfriend and I ordered the causitas as an appetizer and they were the best thing we ate all meal. I would go back just for the causitas. They were rich enough, and each little causa had its own complex flavor profile. For entrees, we ordered a ceviche classico and a pescado a lo macho. The ceviche was good but a little lacking in acid... fish tasted great though. The pescado a lo macho was tasty, but the mussels were overcooked to the point where I couldn't even get any of the meat on my fork; kind of a disappointment since mussels are one of my favorite seafoods. Overall, we'd definitely come back because the food is worth more than what you pay. CAUSITAS = AWESOME! And the waiter was very polite and informative as well. Considering Surco has only been around for a couple of months, I was very impressed.
So... Wine and beer is now available. It's limited to a few Argentinian varietals but the Malbec we had was excellent and paired beautifully with the lamb and the Lomo Saltado.

This place rocks! Don't hesitate, just go!
Delicious food with incredibly slow service. The other reviews were so good, I hope we were just there on an off night. It was a Saturday, for what it's worth.

So, yes, the food was pretty darn good. I might even give it five stars if I had received what I actually wanted to eat (more on that later). Deliciously smoky beef, tender chicken, al dente pasta in saffron sauce, perfectly cooked buttery rice, lightly crispy french fries. (French fries? Yeah, I wasn't expecting that either, but it works.) 

However. The service was about as bad as it gets without being actually rude. Five minutes to be even acknowledged, 10 to get water, another 10 to order, 30 waiting for food.... But slow was not even the worst of it.

After that 30 minute wait, my husband's meal arrived, but there was no word on mine. A few minutes later, my food could be seen sitting on the counter ignored by the waiter - as it turns out, because it was beef instead of the chicken I had ordered. When he figured that out, he brought the dish saying he could serve me this one or have the kitchen make what I had ordered. Picturing another 1/2 hour wait, I took the beef. It was, of course, luke warm. And rare. Which, sure, lots of people eat, but not my thing. 

For the mix-up, we got a sincere apology and a free dessert. However, at no time did the waiter ever acknowledge or apologize for the extremely slow service throughout, leading me to conclude that it is the norm at Surco. All in all, it was about two hours....and not because we lingered.

What can I say? Go for the great food, but make sure you have plenty of time on your hands.
This is a tough one. I live in the neighborhood and I love Peruvian food and this food was as good as I've had. I had the chicken sandwich with tacu tacu and it was awesome. The chicken was perfect: super moist and perfectly seasoned. The whole sandwich was sort of a piece of art. It's clear that whoever is in the kitchen takes pride in their work and has the chops of a chef and not a line cook. The interior was also very comfortable and a huge upgrade from the previous business.

All that being said, I was in complete disbelief at the pricing. I won't say that the food wasn't worth it, but in this neighborhood, at that location, in this town, I don't see this working. My chicken sandwich was just about the least expensive item on the menu at $13. Most of the entrees were $16-25 and I think dessert (also amazing) was $8 or $9. I had my two sons along and they actually had two items available in a children's section. They both got the salchipapas (hot dog and fries) for $8. To be fair, they did serve a really nice squash soup to each of us included with our entrees.

I'm not sure who's behind the business side of the restaurant, but I have a feeling they have some restaurant experience in a big city. They seem a little out of touch with the Madison scene. Most places with really good food have sandwiches available in the $8-10 range with entrees in the $9-13 range. You really need to venture downtown to start pushing these kind of prices and you need to have a location that isn't a rundown, nondescript, white house.

I don't think there's any way this model is going to work at this location. Besides one couple at the end of our stay, we were the only diners between 5:45-6:45 on a Friday night. I do think a restaurant (and even a Peruvian restaurant) could be successful here, but it's going to need to be able to serve it's surrounding neighborhoods. The people around here just aren't gonna opt for these prices, regardless of the food quality. Bring your prices down to match what's available on Atwood and think about the lunch crowd too. Reasonably priced sandwiches to go would have a strong market at that location. I really want to support you guys and this should be a regular joint for my family of four, but at these prices, it ain't happenin'.
5 stars for food. The food is excellent and the menu is diverse. We had causitas, which were interesting and delicious but defy explanation. Try them!! We also had pollo saltado and the chicken sandwich, which both used high quality ingredients and were presented beautifully. Seriously, the presentation at this place rivals the most upscale restaurant in any city. Obviously, there is a true chef in the kitchen who takes real pride in the food being served. It is amazing. 

3.5 stars for service, which is friendly but slow. 

2 stars for location, which is out of the way and not the most attractive area.  The view across the street is certainly not what I expect from a restaurant serving food this fine.

This place is worth the trip for the food, which it truly exceptional.  Though not served in the most pleasing of surroundings, the food manages to outshine many of the finer dining options in all of Madison.
Absolutely incredible. We had a four person party, and every single dish was done perfectly and with presentation and pricing that was appropriate for the demographic. The Peruvian beer they have (Cusquena) paired well with all the dishes as well. If you're looking for a new place to try, give this place a shot. Let's hope this place survives in East Madison!
Please don't let the location fool you, this place rocks.

We were here on a Saturday night and I felt terrible for the server. Apparently a cook quit and he was making every third meal!!! (He said this after we asked... he was not in any way trying to make excuses for himself.)

The wine list is small, but each of our wines were amazing. (I went with Novellum Chardonnay and he went with the Portillo Pinot. I'm not usually a white wine drinker but I had three glasses.)

We started with the causitas. We were hesitant, but went with them. For starters they are BEAUTIFUL. Three separate egg looking shapes of citirus infused mashed potatoes topped with different toppings and sauces. A bit difficult to share but we sliced them in half and tried them together. Save the one topped with avocado, roasted 
Peruvian piquillo peppers and olive sauce... it's the best one. :)

I ordered the ceviche mixto and cannot wait to get it again. I paired it with the aji 
amarillo per the servers suggestion and I owe him a huge thank you. The fish was perfectly "cooked". The aji ammarillo sauce was a bit too acidic for my counterpart which meant more for me... score. It's served with boiled and steamed perunivan corn which is on the sweeter side as well as some crunchy Andean corn nuts to give the dish some crunch. And finally, a couple of small wedges of sweet potato to really take some of the acid out. All together, you a light, flavorful dish. I WILL BE BACK.

My significant other went with with the Tallarin Saltado... which was decent. I'd recommend it for the less adventurous. (AKA those who are leery of fish cooked in citric acid.)

I really hope they staff this place better next time... and that they stick around! I don't know if I'll be ok without that ceviche again.
I am pleasantly surprised! 

After travelling to Peru a few years ago, I realize that Peruvian food is definitely an under-appreciated cuisine in America's food world. Therefore, since Surco's first appearance as a food cart in the library mall, I have been a fan. Yet, it took me a long time to decide to give its restaurant location a try. The location is really out of the way for us, plus many reviews mentioned its not-so-cheap prices. 

Our visit came in a rainy Saturday evening. The location could really easy fool you, but the inside decor is really elegant. Our waiter was very polite and professional. He explained the menu very patiently and clearly. 

Surco is a fine dining Peruvian restaurant and the price is indeed a bit steep. We two people share a Arroz con Mariscos and a Causa salad. The service was slow, especially there were only three tables of people in the restaurant. We waited 20+ minutes. Our server explained that it was because one of our dishes did not pas quality check and had to be re-done. 

Apparently the quality check kept good quality! Both plates lived beyond our expectation. The  Arroz con Mariscos came with good size. Seafood is fresh. More importantly, they are very delicate. I can taste the subtle intricacies the chef carefully put onto our dishes. 

Because of the location, I do not expect that i will come back here soon, but I highly recommend Surco to people who want to savor fine Peruvian food in Madison.
We've been meaning to try this place, and finally went last night for dinner.  
After staring at the menu for about 20 minutes, and our server walking us thru it and explaining the most popular dishes, I finally looked at my husband and said "We will restrict ourselves to the sandwich portion of the menu for tonight", thinking that would help us choose.  Another 15 or so minutes later, we finally made our choices.  My goodness, EVERYTHING on that menu sounds delicious!
Hubby ordered the Pan con Chicharrón, and I ordered the Pollo.  He got Yucca fries, I got Plantain fries.  OMG.  Those were the best damn sammies I've ever tasted!  And, the "fries" absolutely rocked.  The fries were served with this Jalapeno sauce for dipping.  Fab!  Sammies STUFFED with meat and other goodness.  I could only eat half of mine.  Hubby finished his.
We WILL return to try something else!!
I used to buy food from these guys when they had a food cart outside of the library mall and I loved everything I tried there.

Different story at their restaurant, it is a very small place with a nice simple decoration, when we got there there were two couples seated there. Our server came right away and she was friendly, she was accompanied by a guy whom she was training, we asked for chicha morada (a traditional purple corn drink from Peru) and they were out of it, we also asked for Inca Cola and didn't have it either so my hubby asked for a beer (it took her 8 minutes to bring it). After maybe 10-15 min she brought some yucca fries and they were nice and crunchy with the right amount of salt, there was a wonderful cilantro sauce on the side, I loved the jalapeño flavor without being too spicy. Once she came back to take our order, my hubby asked her about how the pork was cooked in their pan con chicharron sandwich and obviously she didn't know exactly how it was done, she just said "I think they fry it and then put it in the oven", oh well, my hubby ordered it anyway and I ordered the pollo saltado. 

We waited 45 minutes for our food, no kidding, I know they make their food fresh but it is too much. I thought "I really hope it is worth it" and to be honest, it wasn't, my chicken was overcooked and it had some kind of glaze that it tasted like a Chinese stir fry, wow, am I in the right restaurant?? It came with white rice and fries (there were like 8 fries) and those two were nice. My hubby said his sandwich was nice, I had a small piece and it was ok, I was not convinced, he could have whatever has the word "pork"on it.  

I don't know if wasn't our lucky day or if they are usually that slow at serving food and run out of things. We drove 20 minutes to try this restaurant and I don't think we will come back anytime soon.
Great food and nice ambience!  Don't judge a book by its cover, the outside of this place could use some work. But the food was great. Started off with complimentary yuca fries with jalapeño dipping sauce - delicious!  Maybe my favorite part of the meal. I ordered the Arroz con mariscos and it was yummy! Saffron rice with shrimp, squid, mussels & veggies. My husband got one of the ceviches and it was good too. Service was a little slow as there was only 1 waitress.  But the food was great so we'll definitely be back!
Mediocre at best....
Stopped by on Saturday for a lunch. They had no grilled chicken available! I know... things happen but when place call itself Peru Chicken and has no chicken available it's like hot dog stand with no hot dogs.

Ordered something called Tacu Tacu and plate of Antichuchos and potatoes with cheese sauce for app.

Tacu tacu consisted of huge pile of rice/beans mixture and small slab of grilled meat.  No veggies, no pickle... just that. Come on - work on presentation and quantities and you can probably charge $10 for that otherwise it's a fail.

Antichuchos - slices of meat on a stick with bland side of corn and undercooked potatoes.  Meat was OK. Sides weren't. 

Appetizer (I think it was called pappas a la huancaina) - 3 sad pieces of cold boiled  potato served on a styrofoam plate covered with cheesy sauce (cold as well) - $5 is way too much for it.
The service was good, but the food was overpriced for what I received. I got a huge pile of rice with some buried beans and three skewers of beef for $12. I did not like the spices on the meat seasoning either.
Never had Peruvian food so decided to stop by this small restaurant. The fact that the restaurant was full convinced us to try it out. My family ordered pollo a la brasa (Rotausarie chicken) with excellent taste! Accompanied with a side of white rice and beans, lomo saltado (meat w/ French fries and white rice) excellent taste! The fish ceviche was different than what we are use to but with great taste! For dessert we had picarones that look like mini donuts but they are made of sweet potato and platanos Fritos (fried sweet banana) both very good! To drink my husband order chicha morada (made of purple corn) and he loved the taste. I preferred the maracuya which I believe is made of passion fruit. Excellent!!! Very refreshing. My kiddos loved the soda Inka Kola. In general everything was delicious and next time we are visiting Vegas I will order caldo de gallina (chicken soup). Prices were also reasonable better than the strip.
The chicken was very delicious, covered in a bright and savory seasoning. The chicha morada was ok, not as flavorful as some other varieties as I've had. Papa huancaina was a bit disappointing because it came out cold but still was not bad. The meal was also very affordable, a great place for lunch or dinner to go.
Great Peruvian food. I had the Chicken & Tallarin Saltado. The restaurant is a little on the small side with a only a few tables available but, its worth going to. They are very personable & the owners check on you to see how everything is. They have only been open for 2 months but, I think they will be very successful and they will be around a long time.
Excellent place to enjoy the real peruvian food...no need to wait much time to get your desirable plate...all menus offered are carefully prepared by the owners......I love the "tallarin saltado" made by the young chef named John...
Got a whole chicken with rice and beans on the cheap. Loved the flavors and it was enough to feed the three of us, so I'm pleased. Will be eating here again. Want to try everything on the menu. :)
The flavors they add to their dishes are very delicious. The restaurant is small but the food flavor makes up for it. The customer service is very friendly. They have pictures of their dishes around the restaurant so you know what you have a clue of what it will look like which help for those who aren't familiar with Peruvian cuisine. This is a great little restaurant to check out if you are looking to try something different from the ordinary, take my word for it! My best choice if you are into is to go for the Lomo Saltado!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(170/365) "Peruvian Crack Sauce"

Ever since Inka Si Senor on Maryland Parkway and Che Inka Chicken on Rainbow closed down, I've been on a search for legit Peruvian spots. Located in the same strip mall as Cuba Cafe on Tropicana. This family run business is a hole in the wall, but that's where you find some of the most tastiest bites around!

We entered the restaurant and the dining area was packed with people gettin' their FIFA on (12-15 people...I think about 16-18 people is the maximum capacity)The tables and counter area was full except for one spot.....a two top in the HALLWAY  on the way to the restrooms. At this point, we didn't care and we were hungry so we ordered up right away. We started off with a Chicken Tamale, and Wifey's favorite Papa A la Huancaina. The gentlemen brings a bottle of green sauce to our table, and I squirt it on to my first bite of the tamale, and in the process, scorch a few of my tastebuds only to find out that it was the more fiery Salsa de Huacatay. Luckly I was able to extinguish the inferno in my mouth with some tasty Inca Kola. The tamale was a bit on the dry side and stingy on the chicken, the papas were the better of the two apps with all that cheesy goodness.

It was also National Ceviche Day as Amanda M. had mentioned,(What a co-inky- dink!) and that is another dish I haven't had in a while, so we had planned on getting an order of the Ceviche de Pescado and their speciality, a 1/4 chicken with rice. The Ceviche is presented with a very generous portion of marinated sea bass(not sure if the fish selection changes), red onion, sweet potato, hominy(I think),  toasted corn, and lots of leche de tigre(the liquid that comes from marinating the fish with the lime juice) great flavors and textures in this dish.(Definitely making this one at home too!) The chicken arrived with a side of beans and Jasmine rice which was pretty dry, but that chicken was juicy and delicious. That Aji Verde though...I almost killed the entire bottle! Can't wait to get all the ingredients so I can have my own supply at home. I'd definitely return for the chicken, and hopefully save room for some of the desserts.  ALOHA!!!


Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4
My new favorite Peruvian restaurant. I had the tallarines verdes with the bistek on the side (for my carnivorous husband) because I don't eat meat and they were more than accommodating and did not seem to judge me for doing that (which most places do). The tallarines verdes is the best I've had in Arizona and I will only go to El Chullo to have it. You know how you grab on to your bed sheets because the feeling is so glorious and out of this world? Yes, it's like that! I can't wait to try the other entrees, specifically, the vegetarian options. The alfajores is also delicious; flaky but held it's form and not overwhelmingly sweet - it definitely quieted my sweet tooth. The chicha morada is also quenching - not bitter and too sweet, just right - be sure to order the pitcher because you will drink it like water.

It's a quaint place to eat. They have lunch specials/combo. The parking situation is a little challenging, but I would like to go there at least once a week to satisfy my Peruvian food cravings. I hope you check out this place because although it's easy to miss (because of location), you'll be sorry if you don't go.
Incredible flavors and great service. As an individual who spent a lot of years in Peru I can appreciate what has been the best Peruvian food I've had in Phoenix - at El Chullo! Highly recommend the anticuchos, lomo saltado, and an alfajor for dessert. I look forward to my next dining experience here! (Probably tomorrow!)
Can't believe they've only been open a couple days! The meal was fantastic from start to finish. Tried the anticuchos, carapulcra, and alfajores for dessert. Everything tasted fresh, well seasoned, and home made. Great portions too! Will be back for more soon!
5 WELL-DESERVED STARS!!!! El Chullo is a small and unassuming hidden gem so we ended up passing it and having to turn around, but it was so worth it! Honestly, we had reservations and a Living Social deal at another Peruvian restaurant but ditched that place to come here because of the great Yelp reviews and SO GLAD WE DID! This place has both the best Peruvian food and the friendliest service of any Peruvian restaurant there has been in the valley for at least the last 20 years. We've tried them all (including some out of state) and by far this place has the best alfajores we've ever had- luscious creamy dulce de leche sandwiched between delicate creamy colored disks of flaky, buttery, goodness- oh my!  I'm still dreaming about them. The lucuma ice cream and chicha morada are also must tries. The chicha morada was refreshingly smooth and light- almost like a fine wine. We also had the appetizer sampler, the tamal, the aji de gallina, the jalea mixta, and the bistek and tallarines verdes. Next time we'll order the papa rellena and/or the yucca on their own (the sampler sizes were pretty small) and skip the tamal. The warm welcoming friendliness of the family/staff made our experience such an exceptional one that we ended up ordering a lot more than we planned and enjoying ourselves immensely. We love supporting family-owned businesses and Esperanza and Chef Omar and his cute sisters are so nice they make you want to come back again and again- well for them and the Alfajores :). I only wish it wasn't 30 mins. away, but so good it's worth the drive.
Finally, a Peruvian restaurant we can actually go to in Phoenix!  The food was absolutely delicious.  The ceviche is outstanding and we'll be ordering that every time.  Everything we ordered was delicious and even my 1 year old enjoyed the food and she's a picky eater.  Our waitress was Maria and she was great and gave great recommendations.  We're definitely coming back.
Incredible service and authentic, fresh, flavorful Peruvian food. So happy this place is open! Amazing job so far. Love family spots!
The food and service here was excellent. The portion sizes were very large. Everything was extremely flavorful. Dessert was wonderful too. The prices were reasonable. I can't wait until the bar opens there. We will definitely be back.
Hidden gem. It has some minor work to do but it earned the five starts. Service was excellent, half the food from our big group came out fast, the other half not so fast, but it was still worth the wait. Appetizers were fast and held us through. Very authentic Peruvian food. I had the Chaufa, its Chinese/Peruvian food and excellent!
I can't say enough about the Pisco Sour. The best I've ever had including in Peru!!! 
Well return for more. Cheat day restaurant for my family.
Excellent food and service. Large portions that were delicious. Staff was friendly and informative. Omar is the chef and he took time to explain the different dishes. This is my new favorite spot!
Best restaurant in Phoenix! The Food was amazing. it is run by a Peruvian family.  Our server so genuinely enjoyed his work.  The food was delicious and artistically plated.
Food was delicious!!!  Authentic!!!  Restaurant seems to be worked by the family that owns it. The sons who basically does everything except cook, is very personable and has great people skills. His mother is sweet but does not speak English. If you go when it is busy be prepared to wait. What they need to do is designate each one in the family a duty. Son waits tables, mother gets waters and canchitas, father clears and sets tables and helps with bringing out food. Anyways if you have time it is definitely worth the wait. We will go back for sure!!  Oh and the pisco sours are awesome!! Along with the anticuchos and aji de gallina. Yum
Really enjoyed our dinner here. We weren't sure what to expect, and as the cuisine was unfamiliar the help from our waiter was much appreciated! I really love when people take the time to explain the food their serving with knowledge and passion. The food was interesting and very tasty. Come here for a not too out there adventure and a departure from the regular burger and fries!
Just like mamma makes! Thank you, Omar! We loved the food and the amazing service! 
We'll be back!!! 
The Lomo Saltado was just like home!
I am so in love with this little place! I have lived in the Coronado neighborhood about 5 years and have seen many things go in and out of this location...i have a feeling El Chullo will be sticking around. Everything i've had so far has been AMAZING. The Chupe De Camarones soup and Tacu Tacu De Marisco were seriously out of this world. The service is also excellent. They are so genuinely friendly and make you feel right at home. Can't say enough good stuff about this little gem...and i am beyond picky with restaurants, especially in Phoenix. It is the best restaurant on 7th st. by far in my opinion.
I had the pleasure to go to El Chullo this morning for 'breakfast' (the quotes are because it was closer to lunch time and their breakfast foods are more like American lunch/dinner foods). This place is incredibly authentic. Our waiter (and possibly an owner?) is from a town just outside of Lima, so ya... pretty legit. The way their breakfast works is they have 3 choices that feed two people, each for 20$. The choices are chicharrones with a tamal, bread, and two coffees or a tenderloin sautee with bread and two coffees, or an egg dish with a tamal, bread and two coffees. We decided to get the tenderloin and add a tamal (cuz I wanted to try it). The tamal is large, delicious, and just like the ones I had when I was in Peru last summer... this is the real deal and very distinct from the typical Mexican tamale you may have elsewhere in Phoenix. The tamal has a little hard boiled egg (which obviously I ate and the husband didn't), some meat, some olives, and some hot peppers and served with an onion/citrus salad.... so good. I could just eat those tamals and be happy.  The tenderloin came in a sauce of sorts with onion and tomato and we ate it with the giant rolls given to us. The meat was soooo tender and flavorful. Their coffee was even good and we drank it black. The service is great. This place beats all of the other Peruvian restaurants that I have tried in town hands down and really took me back to when I was in Peru....like a little slice of vacation in my own neighborhood. I will certainly be back, I want to try dinner for sure and the chicharrones breakfast.... I think this place has serious 5 star potential, so we will see!
Stopped in for bunch on a Saturday. The place is small, but cozy. The menu is small, but offers quite a bit of variety.

We decided to split a platter for two. It came with fried sweet potatoes, fried pork, and tamales. All were very good. The sweet potatoes on the bottom did get a bit salty. We also threw in a Peruvian version of torta. Unfortunately, I can't actually remember the name of it. 

All in all, the place was excellent. Great service and great food. Definitely a winning combination.

N*joy...
We decided to live up to our hype of being open-minded and try something unique to Phoenix (i.e., not Mexican; not Vietnamese; not Chinese; etc.).  And that's how we ended up at El Chullo; though, to be fair, we almost DIDN'T end up at El Chullo's.  A previous reviewers comment about parking being limited is like saying Marlon Brando was slightly overweight towards the end.  Let's just say, the parking lot is shared with other businesses; the "lot" is about one car wide; and one has to do fancy gyrations to park and withdraw one's car IF one can get a spot.  After driving around three times, we parked in the printing shop's lot across the street (which, I'm sure, will thrill them to no end when/if they read this).  Go during the standard 9 to 5 business hours and you may find yourself outta luck or risking a tow.

Alas, the parking spots are not the only thing small about El Chullo.  In fact, "small" pretty much describes it all:  the parking. the restaurant, the portions.  I was rather amused (bemused) by the comment from one of the reviewers that the portions are "very large".  Really?  VERY large?  Perhaps for someone who survived  internment at Sherrif Joe's Tent City or who usually dines on those diet programs' pre-packaged food (served in upscale concentration camps).  Granted, this is not to say that the portions were pretentiously small like a la carte francais food; they were perfectly acceptably sized for people, who eat like they're supposed to  (translation:  non-Americans).  We, however, are of the MOO crowd, so for us, all of dinner was something akin to "snack".  (Hey, I workout, get off my case!).

We started out with the appetizer platter for $14.95 and chose the Chicken Causa Rell; the Papa Rellena; and the Papa ala Huancaina.  Presented very artistically, I would not say it was an appetizer for two AMERICANS.  Taste was quite good and unique, though the standout taste was potato (hardly a surprise since "papa" means 'potato').

I had a very spicy cerviche mixto and my other half, the escabeche de pollo.  Both very good -- the latter served with rice and a small portion of cold, sweet potato -- but we weren't exactly unbuckling our belts at meal's end.  Again, like I said:  not small, but not big by the usual, middle-class American standards, where the men are men, eat like men, and doctors buy brand new cars every month with all the money they get from bypass and pacemaker surgeries.  Nuff said.

The diet Inka Cola, colored like Mountain Dew but tasting like cream soda, is good, but $2.00 a can?  For both of us, the bill came to $46.41 without tip.  Not tragic, but a bit overboard for the quantity.  Maybe reasonable considering the uniqueness of the food.  The 20% tip for Omar, however, was well in line.  Attentive service without being overbearing and very accommodating.  That's one thing I really can't make any complaints about (and as you see, I have no issue complaining).

While I agree with the other, previous 17 reviewers that this is a very nice restaurant, I am not wowed enough to give it 5 Stars.  Those who read my reviews know I'm not generous with my highest rating and you've got to earn it.  For those looking for something different, tasty and served with good attitude, this restaurant is just fine.  If you're a big eater, don't expect to come here and not want something more afterwards.  No one there looked unhappy and we weren't either ... just not full.
Positive:

Great service, friendly, genuine people. Family-owned and it shows.

Appetizers are awesome. Best I've had in a Peruvian restaurant in Arizona. The anticuchos are just right and ideally spiced, the ocopa was perfect, the papa rellena was delicious.

The spices and general flavor is authentic, rich and tasty.

There is a good variety of dishes, some of which you can't find elsewhere in Arizona.

Presentation is good, sides are well chosen. Portions are bigger than average for the entrees.

Lucuma ice cream tasted just like in Peru.

Not so good:

-Dishes are somewhat overpriced.  

-The arroz con mariscos could use more seafood, more limon and more aji. It was too greasy and not spicy enough.

-Although the food was clean, and so were the napkins and silverware, there were a few bugs crawling on the floor. It's understandable. The weather is heating up. I just never saw that many in a restaurant. Some pest control would be a good idea.

Overall, I recommend this place for authentic Peruvian food and family ambience. It's cozy and fun. You just have to be choosy about what to order so it's worth the money and tastes good!
Parking is a little hard, they have limited space in front but have a parking lot in the back via an alley. 

The place is very clean and quant, I loved the decor! The menu is very easy to understand with descriptive and have a variety  of options.  The server was very nice and answered all out questions, he told me they make the meals with a medium spice but can request it to be more spicy. I would def recommend this place it's very good!
I don't know where to begin, so let me say this - El Chullo's food is TO DIE FOR. A Peruvian friend had told us about the place two years ago, but somehow we got around to trying it only last night. It's a small, homey, family-run restaurant. The people running the place and running around the place are genuinely friendly, as if they've invited you to be a part of their home, food and lives. 

We waited near the bar for about five minutes while our table of six was getting ready. I ordered a pisco sour which was amazing. Then there was the food. You know how a server walks past you with a plate of food that turns heads? That was happening with every single plate of food that came out of El Chullo's kitchen. Everything looked so delicious that it was hard to make up our minds about what to order.

I am a vegetarian, so I was pleased to see a vegetarian section on their menu. Our group ordered appetizer platters, fries, tacu tacu (vegetarian and seafood versions), ceviche, deep fried sea food platter, frijoles con seco a nortena, and the veggie version of peruvian-chinese fried rice.

OH. MY. GOD.

We worked on the installments of food for about two hours. Everyone shared, laughed and loved every single bit of it. Of course, I had to stick to vegetarian food but let me tell you, it wasn't a compromise at all. In fact, my meat-eating husband loved the veg tacu tacu and fried rice so much that we are still fighting about who gets to eat the leftovers.

The portion size of the entrees was BIG (I'm not sure what dish the guy, who says portions were small, ordered). Appetizers were just that, appetizers, so that you can save space for the delicious food. The food was spicy without being hot, not that we would have minded that. Pricing was reasonable and at par with other similar dining places. Parking is available in the back.

But wait! I forgot to tell you about dessert. Of course there's the delicious Leche Asada and Crema Volteada, but the husband ordered Alfajores, which is a layer of caramel between two cookies. I think we died and went to heaven because tasting that thing was an out of body experience.

It has been a while since our friend circle has come together and bonded over some delicious food. It has also been a while since we discovered a new cuisine. I now count Peruvian food and El Chullo among my favorites cuisines and restaurants.
I loved this place! What a nice surprise. I feel like I should always try these tiny places with "foreign" food but I never really do because I'm afraid most would be misses rather than hits. This was a hit and has inspired to try more places like this! Our friends had heard good things about this place so we gave it a shot and I will keep going back!

We ordered a few apps to share: Anticucho, Papa Rellena, and Yuca Frita. We loved them all! The Anticucho and Yuca Fritas were so good I will definitely order them every time I go!

Then each of us order an entree. I got the Arroz con Mariscos, Jess got the Arroz con Pollo, my fiance the Ceviche and Josh the Lomo Saltado. 

To be honest I was pretty disappointed with my dish because it was more like a plate of rice with 4 pieces of seafood. However, Jess' Pollo tasted amazing, it had great seasoning. Mike's cveiche and Josh's Lomo were great too. We all left stuffed and happy!

We will definitely be going back. Love the vibe of a family restaurant. We also recommend the Pisco Sours!

It is a tiny place so if it's full you may have to wait. It'll be worth it!
We loved the food at El Chullo always looking for food that reminds us of our child hood Peruvian favorite foods . The Lomp Saltado was amazing, 
Thank you 
We'll be back soon
Joni Navarro
We ended up in this restaurant with a search in yelp. This is a great place overall: customer service, cleanliness, nice environment.
The food is fresh and the portions are huge! My mom and I will be sharing next time; had a lot of left overs.
I really want to go back to have some pisco sour :)
Parking is hard as the store is facing 7th st and there are only 5 to 6 spots in the front; so park in the back and come in. 
Main cross roads are 7th st and McDowell. Head north on 7th street and it will be in the corner of Virginia - NE corner.
This restaurant need not spend any money on advertisement. The food speaks for itself..loud and clear. I am not familiar with Peruvian food but if this is as close to authentic as it gets, I am a fan. Me and friends tried the Tacu tacu ( how can something that sounds so cute not taste good) and the fried rice. The food is well seasoned and flavorful. The service is very good and the portions are very generous. For desert we had the  Leche asada and alfajores. I did not think i could like caramel before i had the alfajores. For drinks, try the pisco mango. 
This place deserves a first visit and then a repeat visit with those who havent been here ( thats how i was initiated!) .
My cousin and I had just finished up a tour of the Heard museum and was starving. So we browsed yelp and found this little gem. There is limited parking in the front, so we drove around the back where an ally way led to the restaurant's back parking lot, it was a tight squeeze to get to the parking lot so if your in an SUV or full size truck it's going to be tricky. 

We went in and sat down and was greeted by the chief who was very accommodating and upbeat. The restaurant is clean an cozy the way a ma and pop place should feel. We ordered an appetizer of fried yucca that came with two sauces that were amazing! For drinks we ordered Chicha morada a Peruvian drink made with corn and spices, it was one of the best drinks I have ever had. In fact we had four glasses of the stuff, unfortunately there were no refills for Chicha but the chef gave us our last glass free! Regardless it's worth it. 

For our entree we both got the ceviche. OMG, I kid you not it was the best ceviche I have ever had. The ceviche was bass seasoned with red onions lime and Peruvian chilis. There was a side of inca corn and sweet potatoes, the potatoes added a refreshing sweet to the tangy ceviche. My cousin who lived in Mexico for two years said he ate ceviche regularly and said that Peruvian ceviche was the best you could get.  Please give this place a try you won't regret it!!
I love this place, my favorite cuisine first of all is peruvian, and I am so happy to say that El Chullo has become my favorite peruvian restaurant (thus far in my culinary journey). The ceviche here is perfectly spiced, the texture of the fish is great, and the sweet potatoes and the canchas (salted corn nuts) offset the spiciness, wow just typing this review makes my mouth water. I literally cannot wait to go back for more! The entree size of the ceviche isn't enough if you are starved, but its a perfect portion for someone who isn't too hungry. My boyfriend and I ordered one ceviche each and then we also ordered a lomo saltado to share. The lomo El Chulo serves is great, delicious thin fries, with nicely seasoned juicy pieces of steak topped off with onions, red onions and tomatoes. Order this if you are a steak and potatoes type of person. For dessert we shared an alfajor, 2 fine light cookies with dulce de leche stuffed between the two, finished off with a slight dusting of powdered sugar and chocolate on the side. 

To be perfectly honest I was so full already from eating a ceviche and sharing a lomo saltado that I felt that I didn't have any room for dessert, but when the cookie came I HAD to have a taste, so I ate a bite and we ended up packing that bad boy up to go. All in all this place was great, people might think its expensive, but its 100% worth it to me. The flavours I get from peruvian cuisine is so unique and unmatched that I am more than happy to pay for it. Oh and did I mention our server Manny, *unsure if this is the right spelling* but man he was the best!!! He made us feel right at home, and even told us a little bit of himself and Peru as we were eating our dinner. 
 
All in all it was a great time and a great meal! I can't wait to go back.. perhaps I'll stop in for lunch and or dinner tonight because honestly I just can't get enough.
We went for Friday lunch.
The food was of mixed quality. Agreed it;s a different cuisine but not worth the two hours( yes you read that right )  wait we had to do.
Food was decent. Good cerviche. Fried fish was a bit heavy. Place didn't run their a/c. Checked their thermostat next to the bathroom and it was 91 degrees in the place. Towards the end of the meal it was difficult to even be in there anymore. It's 105 outside today, there is no excuse for not running the a/c. Won't be coming back.
Great food and biggest glass of wine EVER.  Very nice people.  And the lunch special is enough for two!
Let's start by getting the 4 stars out of the way.  The place was HOT, like really hot, like maybe no AC hot.  This made for a slightly uncomfortable setting.  Besides the temperature, I loved the place.  Seemed like a mom and pop shop which I always like.  So lets change it up and  talk food.  Wow....  It was tasty!  Got the Papa a La Huancaina for an appetizer and it was amazing.  I was disappointed at first because it looked so plain, just boiled potatoes cut in half smothered in a sauce.  However, after that first bite I was hooked.  These were amazing.  Got a couple of their drinks, and they were pretty tasty as well, however I wouldn't get those again.  My wife got Tallarines Verdes and it was amazing.  The pasta was a great pesto green color, which had initially concerned me it would have too strong of a pesto flavor.  It did not.  The pasta was actually nice and creamy with a perfect amount of flavor.  I got the Ceviche Mixto.  This was outstanding.  The assortment of seafood was great, the presentation was pretty, and the sauce was amazing.  Packed full of a nice lime-kick with some spice.  The waiter talked me out of going 'spicy' and went for 'medium' instead, which was probably a good idea.  Medium had a nice amount of spice that built up, but was never too spicy to ruin or mask flavors.  I would love to go back and try some other options the food was very good.
Service was nice, but as a Peruvian I tried there lomo saltaldo and I was very disappointed. Too many fries, everything was soggy and the rice was pretty bad too
(Lyrics - Restless Heart - When She Cries)

The place I have traveled in
Is Yelped with good reviews
It's littered with several stars
That only quite came true

When all of my peers were drinking
Her food kept me trying
She does her best to cook
The meal that Bo Bites been through

El Chullo's tonight
And I really think that I should taste it
It can't hide
All the meals they make inside

El Chullo serves up some authentic Peruvian style food!

I just got back from Peru and unfortunately they don't serve Cuy! Now that would be authentic! In any case, my foodie friends and I ordered individually but different dishes. I went with the Tallarin Saltado, a spaghetti like dish with beef. Overall, it was pretty solid. Salty and just a tad bit of spice, with the crunch of the raw onions giving this dish a savory bite!

However, my 2 favorites of the night were the beef heart and the fried rice! Beef heart anyone!? Yeah, it came a super spicy sauce you can add and when I say be careful.....BE CAREFUL! Youch! Spicy indeed, but the heart was so tender....uh yummy! The fried rice...I thought my mama made good fried rice; sorry mom! Overall, one of the best bite of fried rice I had in a while. It was a blend of Peruvian and Chinese style so I totally appreciate the fusion and so will you!

The service was spot on with our large group plus no mix up with our checks, which is totally awesome. The place is very tiny so be sure to make your reservations! - Enjoy!
This restaurant is a "must" for any lover of Latin A,Erica's cuisine.  I had the Frijoles con Seco a la Nortena (stewed beef with rice and beans) all I can say is "wow"! The beef was super tender and the dish had a great range of flavors and seasonings, very well prepared. It was enough to share if you also get an appetizer, as are some of the other dishes. Service was quick and pleasant, definitely a return visit on the agenda, although I'll make sure to share so that we can try the deserts too!
The owner, Liliana, is a Peruvian native and an excellent cook. Everything is made fresh from scratch and it is always good. If you like it spicy ask for some "Ricotto" on the side.
Love the food
My boyfriend and I had never eaten Peruvian food before today. Inka Empires food was delicious!  The server was very nice and prompt with the food. I ordered a seafood and rice dish and my boyfriend ate the fried rice. Both had excellent flavor and were extremely fresh!
Very good Peruvian restaurant.  Service was excellent.  The server was caring and attentive.  He was knowledgable about the menu items.  The food was very tasty, especially with the hot sauce (salsa).  Will definitely add to our rotation of places we like to eat.
Tonight was my first Peruvian cuisine experience and it was fantastic. I knew the food was going to be good when I tasted the complimentary dish of roasted corn kernels with a spicy cilantro sauce. Different, simple and great tasting. 

I ordered the Lomo Saltado which consists of marinated beef, onions, tomatoes and herbs tossed with fried potatoes. You have to request having the fries tossed into the dish which is the traditional way of eating Lomo Saltado. Because some don't like "mushy" fries, they normally serve them on the side. The dish comes with rice as well. 
When the entree arrived I first tasted the rice by itself. I was surprised at how well the rice was cooked; not mushy or undercooked but al dente. The rice also had flavor! I don't know what was used to flavor the rice during the cooking process but man that may have been the best side of rice I've had. They elevated rice people! The Lomo Saltado was really good. And I would definitely order it again. My only knock on the dish was that it was a touch more greasy than I prefer. Perhaps they could degrease the fries a bit more once they come out of the fryer. I would give the dish a 4.5/5. 

For dessert I had the flan-like dessert. If you like custards I recommend trying.
I love Peruvian food!  I first noticed inka leaving my apt complex to take a nice walk to the library and was surprised to find a Peruvian restaurant where the seafood place once was...  But I was so excited,  when I lived in New York I craved and ate Peruvian all the time..  This place is so freaking good,  everything is freshly made and even tho it was kind of a long wait it was so worth it..  Definitely going again!!
Wow!!!  I love this food.  It's a fresh new taste in Queen Creek.  The waitress is awesome.   Great place.
My husband and I went here because we received two free meals in a gift basket we won in a silent auction. We had never had Peruvian food before so we didn't have any expectations. We were not disappointed! I loved every bit of the food. My husband and I both got the Lomo Saltado and it is easily one of the best meals I've had in a long time. It tastes like a home cooked meal but looks well prepared as well. It is a family business, so the staff were very welcoming and very informative. We will definitely be going back as this is my new favorite restaurant.
AMAZING!  This has officially become my new favorite restaurant! My husband had the Tallarines Verde Pollo..which is a homemade pesto pasta dish...rich with flavor and incredibly fresh!  I opted for the Lomo Saltado..which has become my "go to"...deliciously marinated beef served with a cilantro sauce, rice, potatoes and plantains...yum! The server Sam was completely delightful...you could feel her passion for the food and her families new restaurant..she's a doll!  Home cooked peruvian perfection!  Highly recommended!
I have been here a few times now and really can't say enough about Inka, the first time I was there I had the Lomo Saltado, with a few sides of Rocoto, which isn't quite hot enough for me but is excellent! The family that owns the restaurant let me sample a bunch of dishes they are thinking about adding to the menu, and I fell in love with the pork and beans. The next time I went back there was 8 of us for lunch on a Saturday, and I had the pork and beans, the pork is like a carnita but much much better. The beans are like a white pinto bean flavoured wonderfully. Ceviche is also amazing, everyone enjoyed their meal! This place is now my favourite in Queen Creek!
'Found' this place in a combination of mailers and dumb luck.  It is tucked into a low traffic corner of the little shopping center in the north east corner of Ellsworth and Ocotillo.  Their treatment of Aji is exceptional.  The Causa Rellena alone is worth the visit.  We fought for the last bite.  I can't say enough good things about the Aji de Gallina or Arroz Chaufa.  Will definitely be going back.

Feel bad I didn't say anything about the staff.  They were awesome.  I believe they were all family and were extremely hospitable.
Awesome Peruvian Ceviche and the service was great.....the owner and her family are great people as they take the time to make you feel like family while you enjoy great food from South America.  We had three different dinner plates and they were all great. The green hot sauce is right on target with taste and flavor.  We will be back to try Chupe de Camarones and Parihuela :)
Great food great service and real authentic Peruvian food. Every time I go there the service is excellent and Very clean.
This place is a gem in a hidden location! Great food and such friendly owners! I had the Lomo Saltado & it was soooo flavorful & the meat was tender. The fries dont normally come mixed in- theyre on the side but I asked if they could mix them in and they accomodated me. Soo good. Will definitely return soon.
If there is ever a place that deserves 5 stars it's Inka Empire.  The service and the food are incredible.  My wife and I had the Lomo Saltado and the chef was kind enough to make it the original way for us with fries mixed in.  The whole family is ultra friendly and we felt right at home.  I spent a lot of time talking to the family about their food and getting the word out.  It's a shame that incredible food and service may not be enough.  We need to get the word out about this great place!  Queen creek has little to offer for good food but this is definitely one of them.  Help support a local family business!