Hzappy Paczki Dzay Evzerzybodyzy!!!!

So, if you're from one of the cities back east with a large Polish population (like Chicago), Paczkis are pretty much a staple for Fat Tuesday.  For those of you unfamiliar, it's pretty much a filled donut, but they're really good, and made even more special because you can only ever get them 1 day a year.  

I was told on good authority that Europa is *the* place to go in the valley for real Polish fare, and it certainly didn't disappoint.  They had a whole case of authentic looking Polish baked things like Paczkis and Kolachkis and other things I can't spell or pronounce, but also have lots of Ks, Zs and Is in their names.  From what I saw, the paczkis they had were:  raspberry, prune, cherry & cream cheese, apple, custard, strawberry & probably a few more I'm forgetting. 

They also had a little Polish deli with more food I won't even attempt to spell, but it certainly seemed authentic.  Lots of sausages and meats and things.   

Also, even the people that worked there were authentically Polish!  Well, I'm assuming so, at least.  They were white and spoke with accents I couldn't understand, but reminded me of the northwest side of Chicago.  

Go forth and enjoy the fatty deliciousness that is the Paczki before you have to do the whole "Lent" thing, if that's the sort of thing you're into.  If not, enjoy it without having to do any of that pesky fasting.
I put my body through hell and back.. some months Ill low carb others Ill eat WAY to much of everything.. the American yoyo diet I suppose. On the eve of my low carb madness I come to Europa to pick up a few goodies.

The cheese and cherry coffee cake is the BEST Ive ever tasted! Moist flaky crust covered in cheese and canned cherries.. sheer delight and a real middle finger to the low carb diet! 

I feel so good and bad all at the same time.
Fantastic Eastern European Bakery and Products!

Came shopping here for pastries and discovered they have a whole lot more.  Not only do they have freshly baked cookies, cakes and pastries, they also had hand made Pierogis, sausages and kielbasa!  Hard to find Cech candies and products were everywhere, for a moment, it felt like shopping in Brno or Lodz.  The women  who work there are very kind and helpful.  Enjoy!
Only 4 because I do not have anything to compare to really? 

I had the stuffed cabbage, stuffed with ground turkey and spices, and the potato and cheese perogi's. They call it a small plate. LOL that stuff is filling. 

I think next time I will get two stuffed cabbages because they are the shit. The perogi's were great too. 

I am glad it was the small plate because it left just enough room for "Apple Slice" apparently it is a Polish version of apple pie. The top crust is more cake like with a glaze over the top. It totally hit the spot. 

The service is what you would expect from a family fun place .... Perfect and helpful.
LOVE LOVE LOVE ~~~

That's how I feel about this place.

First visit tonight, won't be my last.  What can I say about the Polish plate?  Two halupki and four pierogi all cooked to perfection, enough for two meals although the taste alone makes me want to eat it all now.  My waistline won out this time and the other half is safely tucked away in my fridge awaiting breakfast tomorrow morning.  Reminiscent of my youth growing up in PA, ah I feel homesick  now.
Amazing bakery and deli.  Eastern european cuisine.  Friendly and generous owners.  Highly recommend!
I had to stop by during lunch to see what this place was about. They had 4 or 5 tables inside and 2 tables outside.  A large counter filled with different pastries/danishes/muffins/cookies/cakes/pies.  Another counter filled with different sandwich meats. I didn't order any sandwiches since I had ate, but still wanted a dessert to keep me through the day.  I wanted the Napoleon, but it was too big to finish.  So I had ordered a cheese danish instead.  The cheese danish was big for $1.60.  They do make their own breads. However at 1:30PM, there wasn't too much left.  They also sell European food items and goods.  I like to go back to try their polish plates, stuffed cabbage, and pierogi.
Went with my boyfriend for an adventure day breakfast. I got a cheese danish & he got an (apple) pillow. AMAZING!!! The cheese danish was the size of my face and very tasty (as was his apple pillow that I got to try a bite of). DEFINITELY going back to try lunch sometime! And we only paid $7 for our pastries, my coffee, and his water & apple-mint drink.
The pirogi w stuffed cabbage were very good.  Eclairs and apple slice superb!

The shop is spotlessly clean and the proprietors are very friendly.

I'll be back soon!
They have PACZKI! Great place! I found this place on Fat Tuesday because I was looking for authentic Paczki's. As a Michigan transplant, celebrating Paczki Day was important? After asking around, all roads lead to Europa. 

I felt like I was back in Polish town in Hamtramck. Very authentic feeling Polish cafe which I believe is run by a Polish family. Sausage, baked goods, perogi's, and all the works. The Polish music was very cool as well!
What? There's something on the northside of Phoenix that reminds me of Brooklyn? 

After spending every weekday for several months last summer working out of Greenpoint in Brooklyn, I had gotten used to seeing signs in Polish and eating Polish foods and shopping in Polish grocery stores. I was surprised to walk in to Europa and say "Czesc!" (hello) to the girl behind the counter and get one back!

5 stars because a) this is an unexpected find and b) they carry authentic Polish brands and foods, not the German stuff with Polish labels and c) I got great service.

There's a ton of pastries here and Krakowska ham and my favorite- gypsy bacon. I've only so far had some cold cuts (which were excellent) but I will be back for some sauerkraut, some pierogi and for lunch sometime as well.

It's really great to find these foods in Phoenix.
If you love Polish pastries and thrilling food for Easter this is the spot to go.  Fresh breads, cookies, sandwiches to die for- you can't go wrong here.  The owners are adorable and the staff is very helpful. Forget the run of the mill donut shop- this place will make you forget about any other donut shop.
Great for breakfast or lunch.
Awesome Polish Pastries
Awesome Pastries!
Picked up some raspberry Paczki for Sunday morning coffee.  Would have liked some bread as well but we were too late in the day, 2:30. Clean and friendly. Will definitely return.
Paczki w Cafe Europa w Poland jest lepiej niz cokolwiek skosztowal w Chicago i moga byc rownie dobre jak te w Polsce.  Best pazcki outside of Poland!
I have to say, these may very well be the best Paczki I've had since moving from the midwest. When it's Fat Tuesday and you've missed your Polish family's food for the past year and you learn about this place, it's like finding a hidden piece of heaven. The family at Europa is super friendly and seem very pleased to see anyone come into their shop. I will most definitely be going back to try more of their wonderful food in the near future.
It's places like this that make me thankful for Yelp!  Being from out of town, my friends and I were looking for a quick breakfast stop to grab some baked goods and coffee.  This place popped up on Yelp and just as described it was awesome!  We got several different danishes, a cinnamon roll and sticky bun.  All were delicious and still HOT!  

The coffee was excellent too!  They had a hawaiian hazelnut coffee that day that had a coconut flavor to it and was delicious!

Bottom line: stop by for some delicious baked goods and get here early for hot fresh out of the oven yumminess!
Delicious pastries and Polish dishes.  They always have speciality seasonal baked goods.  This small family owned bakery/store is consistently great.
I love this place. All of the pastries I've tried were excellent. I was thrilled to find that they also sell Kinder chocolate! I really recommend this place.
I was just leaving the bar a few doors down last Sunday watching the Dutch national team lose their third game in the EuroCup, when I noticed the European bakery was still open. Being a lover of pastries I dragged my friend over to take a look. I was joyfully surprised to find that they had a variety of delicacies that included Wedding Cookies, danishes, sausages, cheeses and some canned goods. The most tempting items I purchased was a Huge Apple Strudel (10 inches long) for a little over $6. It was amazing! Some Polish sausage with a wonder smokey flavor that makes an amazing sandwich when paired with Sweet Hot pickles and a huge jar of Polish Plum Butter which I have a hard time finding even in a small jar. My grand kids love it almost as much as my wife and I do. I'll be going back this Saturday for some more Strudel and Sausage even if it's 25 miles away! Don't miss the opportunity for a special European treat that is just as good if not better than all the bakeries I've been to in Europe.!
the bakery is okay but the service is terrible; went in on Saturday to pick up a cake I paid for and ordered on Tuesday; Waited 40 minutes and then when they finally got to me they said they had not started on the cake yet! I waited 40 minutes and there were only 2 people ahead of me. 3 employees walked by and did not aknowledge the wait; They told me to come back (too bad I pre-paid for the cake) and did not apologize, just went to the next customer; there are much better European bakeries in N. Central such as Karl's or Jana's that are better bakeries and better in service
Tried a crème-puff, blueberry doughnut and a mini apple strudel. The crème-puff was good, the blueberry doughnut was a little stale but you could tell it was with home-made ingredients, and the strudel was much better with a few seconds in the microwave. I had to wonder how long they were sitting in the display case before I got to them... I also bought a loaf of white bread but haven't tried it yet. The prices were very reasonable (everything was under $6) but I wasn't as impressed as I expected to be. 
The woman working the counter was friendly and it seemed like a popular place, even if it wasn't that busy on a Saturday morning. They had a huge selection (probably too big which was why things weren't as fresh as expected) plus Polish grocery items and an area for sandwiches. 
This would be the perfect place for someone from/a fan of east-central Europe food and goods but for someone who just wanted a super tasty cake, it didn't hit the spot. I do want to try the perogi and stuffed cabbage - I expect they'll be more fresh.
This place is (pardon my 90's slang) off da hook! They have a variety of Polish (and other European) treats! I'd love to try it all even though I have no idea what is in it. The workers are very, very nice and happy to answer any questions. It's a refreshing menu change from my usual donut places! Though I still order pastries, including awesome donut-esque things filled with jam. Yum!
They also sell imported foods, so if you're looking for a specific ingredient to make a fun European dish they may have it here!
This Euro/Polish Cafe is fantastic!  Their stinky buns, apple strudels and donuts are the best.  I couldn't decide which to buy so we bought several things to take back with us.  The strudel was my favorite!  Light and flaky pastry with a delicious apple filling.  Yumm-fest 2012!
I went looking for a kolache and discovered the kolaczki.... a little flakey pastry filled with fruit or cream cheese and dusted with powdered sugar. :-)

There were a LOT of pastries to choose from as well as a few aisles of Polish grocery items. I purchased a few kolaczkis and a few mini strudels. I'll be back to try more. It's a good thing they are not close or I'd try something new every day!
I've came and picked up pazaki the past few years on Fat Tuesday, this year to make sure my parents had some we tried to come in the day before. Unfortunately they were closed, I think it was a poor decision to be closed the day prior to Fat Tuesday, now my mom is stuck eating grocery store "doughnuts".
I love this place!! Being too polish to function in Phoenix sometimes is hard but this place has all the classics! Everything is made fresh in the morning.
I saw a picture of some yummy looking donuts someone had purchased here so I bookmarked it to try. When I went, there weren't any of those donuts but they had plenty of other tasty treats to try. From cookies to breads to flaky Danish - it was hard to make a decision. I decided upon two cheese Danish and a croissant. The woman behind the counter was nice and friendly, but unfortunately I didn't have any cash and had to use my card. She kindly pointed out that they only accept a minimum purchase of $5 if using your card. Not a problem!

The inside isn't much and it's dimly lit, but definitely don't let that deter you. The Danish and croissant were delicious! The cheese Danish were huge and so, so good! They were sweet, creamy, flaky... mmm. Both my husband and I devoured ours. The croissant was really good too - soft, buttery, and flaky. Yum!

The location isn't where I normally travel, but I might have to make an exception and come back to try some more of their treats!
Drove up to Europa to pick up some cakes for a party, store was empty and no sign in the window.
I wasn't impressed with this place. I'm a Romanian girl who's fairly new to Arizona and when I heard about Europa Pastry Cafe I was totally excited to stop by and purchase cooking ingredients that I wasn't able to find the the local grocery store. The workers seemed very rude and the store was kind of dirty. Also, some of the prepackaged items were expired. I ended up leaving empty handed and very, very disappointed. Wouldn't recommend this place.
closed!!!!!
So sorry to hear they have closed!
What happened to Europa Pastry Cafe? Did they move to a new location? Is the owner's okay? I went to their bakery when they were in Chicago many many years ago. I hope everyone in their family is okay. Please let us know. When I stopped by a few weeks ago, I saw that they were closed. Very disappointing. They had the best pastries and cakes, as well as a great deli and all kinds of polish items to buy. Please let us know what happened to Europa's.

Thank you.  They are really missed. From a long time customer.

Erma
Great sandwiches at an awesome price!
Cash ONLY 

This is a real deal deli, family owned and operated. They have just about everything you could ask for. 

I always get the sandwich, usually some type of smoked ham. They are large and usually can be a meal for two. 

The staff is wonderful and very helpful. 

There are only two 4top tables inside the deli. 

Cash ONLY
Best sandwich in town!
This deli may seem out of place as it is set in a corner lot dominated by a Food City and other Hispanic oriented businesses.  Those who went to the old Chompie's in the same shopping center might even have missed it.

Have been getting lunch here for quite a few years now.  It is a real Old World family run deli.  The meats in here are wonderful.  I think a Polish family owns the place.

The have a list of sandwiches that are all HUGE, super tasty and very affordable ( with tax around $7). Skip those chain subway shops and get a real sandwich here!

As mentioned by Daren, this place might take cash only.  I think they do take debit cards, but you have to order a certain $ min....be safe and take cash.  This place gets busy at lunchtime and there are about 3 tables in here.  Better to take you grub to a less crowded spot to savor it in peace...

Warning: You will go for lunch and want to buy about 10 lbs. of deli meat!
The cured meats here are fantastic! The sandwiches are fantastic! The sausages are fantastic! The house cured bacon is fantastic! The people who run this place are beyond fantastic, super friendly, helpful and quick with a free sample. 
Strange location, but worth a trip across town. 
Super, super clean!
Where to start? This place is amazing!!! From the moment you walk in you immediately are immersed in wonderful aromas of a real deal deli. There sandwiches are amazing, its not about the bread, its not about the toppings, its about the meat. And to me that's what makes a great deli sandwich is the meat. Everything I have ordered here is amazing and worth it. From the kielbasa, smoked bacon, and the pork franks, you cant go wrong with what you order. Their deli meat prices are slightly cheaper than your average Boars Head meats you find at the store and are one hundred times better. So grab some cash, stop in ,you will be greeted with a friendly smile and you will be a customer for life, just like me.
Can't get more authentic than this. Polish family runs the place and makes all their own meats and sausage. They carry many crackers, condiments, and other imported goods from Poland, etc. They also make a decent sandwich for 5 or 6 bucks. Warning! Cash only.
I don't know of a better place to get an awesome deli sandwich.  Delicious european meats and very large sandwiches.
Have been looking for a good deli around the office for quite some time now, decided to let Yelp help me and low and behold this is what I found. This is the real deal, freshly prepared sandwiches that are too die for! Plus a variety of fresh sausages, meats etc. Will be making this a once a week lunch run for sure! Try the #14!
Every review I have read is right on!  I had no idea what I was getting into when I stepped foot into this little family owned deli.  Old school - quality meats, great sandwiches.  The sandwiches feed two people for $8.  All I have to say is if you don't try it you are just straight foolish!!
I came here for some sausage for the holidays. If you like big, long sausages then you'll love this place! And you can smell this place from the outside. The smell of smoked Kielbasa lures you in. The store is non stop for the holidays but bring cash or check as no debit or credit are accepted. At Best of Europe you hear Eastern Europeans speaking in their native tongue, see the facial features of those of whose ethnic ancestry are similar to mine, those scooping up the traditional Christmas foods of herring, kielbasa, havarti cheese wih dill, smoked mackerel, pickles, sauerkraut, homemade rye bread, sardines from Scottland. This place is clean and organized. Traditional foods for Christmas or Easter is a great time to celebrate with Best of Europe, try the rest of the wonderful deli meats and cheeses during the rest of the year!
As a friend of the family and being half Polish, this place is absolutely wonderful! They have delicious food on top of "market" type items that are found in traditional Eastern European cooking that you can buy. I love coming here because it reminds of my heritage and has awesome food! The place is pretty tiny but the food will keep you coming back again and again! Too bad it's really far away from my home or I would be here on a weekly basis!
We got there just in time! Apparently we were getting the last two sandwiches of the day at 3pm. Probably the last slices of bread(?). I went for a ham-sausage I have never tried and it was mighty tasty. Athena had pastrami which wasn't too salty and not too peppery. 

Great food, excellent service. Meats are imported - sausages made on premises. For either, I think you'd be hard pressed to even match the prices for non-imported stuff at the supermarket! We spent about $15 on sammies and $30 on deli meats and polish pickles. 

Everyone says the sammies are large - nobody has mentioned that they are large because they give you TWO of them! That's 2 sammies per order on a sourdough-type crusty sliced bread. Nice. Have one there (if they have a table open) and take the other home for later!

Oh yeah, they have a Yelp! sticker on the door...
Wow! Best Sandwich this the valley - Try the #12 you will not regreat- they even ship this sandwiches to NYC
I've been looking for a great Deli, the kind that you find in NYC or Chicago. I can't believe it took me a while to discover this place, but so glad I did. I stopped in for a sandwich and walked out a fan. They have more selections than you need and things I've never even heard of before. 

I believe it's run by a mother/son team, with the mother having a nice Polish accent, so you get the feeling she's curing meats like back in the old country. 

Looking forward to going back and sampling some new things and getting the stand-by's, of which will inevitably be better than what can be bought at grocery store counters. 

If you miss the authenticity of deli's from the place your grew up or have a bit of envy from those travel shows watching the hosts gorge themselves on great deli meats from famous places, this is our solution here in Phoenix.
This is the best deli ever! How could it not be with the hours of operation? This is a serious family operation. 

 If preserved and smoked meat products are your thing then his place is your local Mecca. The meat case is glorious. Bring their home made weiners to any party and you will be the hit of the party. The Hungarian Salami is melt in your mouth good. 

Bring some extra spending money and stock up on some of their pantry items which are very unique and very tasty. They sell a product called Ajvar (sp?) that is a spicy pepper compote, it make everything delicious, sandwiches, pasta sauces, just add it to sour cream and use it as a dip, bomb!

I have yet to have one of their sandwiches as I try to avoid bread but every time I am there and someone else orders one, my mouth starts watering as the lady behind the counter slices piles of meat for their sandwiches, those mothers are huge!
You can not get a better sandwich in the valley than the #12. It is the best anywhere plus everything else there is terrific. Best meats you ever wanted.
Holy Cow!  I love it when my Yelp friends are so correct about a place. Never been here before but read the past reviews and ordered the #12. Which, the girl behind the counter recommended before I even said anything. It was awesome! Two whole sandwiches. Perfect amounts of meat and cheese.  Can't wait to go back when I have people over for a BBQ so I can get some of their franks. Great service as well. WIll be back numerous times.
Returning from a summer spent in the very food conscious and bountiful San Francisco was quite a downer as I felt I was in a desert literally. (+figuratively)
I was saddened by the loss of my Epicurean lifestyle in SF and sold my soul to the likes of Safeway and Jimmy Johns.

Once I emerged from my stupor I'm beginning to find that Phoenix actually does have quite the amazing finds if you search hard enough. Best of Europe Deli is one of those and it blew me away as this gem in the corner of a strip mall hides in its shelves what its name entails.

Some locals inside recommended the luncheon meats and the cashier broadened upon those recommendations. She also doled out hearty samples of great polish cheese and some spicy capicola. As she did she explained that she was the daughter of the owners and that most of the meats are made in house or brought in from local establishments. Her expert opinion was also derived on a lifetime of experience on Polish food. 

I counted my loot at home

Great polish spicy mustard
3/4 lb cheese
 lb of capicola, jam
A fruit drink called Kubus (quite tasty)
Redcurrent Jam
And a half loaf of bread
A goulash mix!~

All for under $20
The fact that none of these products contained preservatives or weird chemicals was great and that the money was used to support a great local business makes you feel good. (As it usually should, I'm looking at you Safeway and Walmart)

This experience made the 30 min drive to northern Phoenix quite worth it and I feel lucky to have found this place via yelp and that places like this exist in a mostly barren commercialized landscape.

I also learned polish food is more subtle and rich but quite nice! Highly recommended~
Fantastic place to buy really good quality home made produce and at such a reasonable price. A tiny little place, but really is worth the visit. The lady running it is an absolute diamond, I tried so many nice cured meats. I asked for some English styled back bacon, it was a no :-( but then she brought out a tray of freshly cooked belly pork for me. I hadn't got home before it was all polished off - beautiful. The Polish sausages were a real hit and really large. They made an already good toad in the hole top draw.

Looking forward to another visit!
Great family owned and operated European (Polish) Deli serving several Sausages, Lunch Meats, home made Pierogies and Imported items from overseas to meet you desires. You can smell the hickory wood burning while standing in the parking lot when they are smoking meats.

I have been coming here since they opened 20 years ago. Always see the same smiling family members working the counter. Lots of fresh items to choose from either in the case or hanging on the wall behind the counter.

I love and always get the Old Style (garlic) Smoked Polish Sausage with some of the Imported Polish Cheese on the side and some European rye bread made here in town. Everything is fantastic including the awesome sandwiches they make for a reasonable price.

Place can get pretty busy and it is fun to hear people speaking Polish when ordering their goodies and then watching them dance with excitement as they get back in their cars. CASH Only. NE Corner in Food City parking lot. Definitely one of my favorite sausage places in town.
I felt I was back in the Midwest when I entered this little deli!  I lived in a part of Minneapolis which was the old eastern European neighborhood of the city.  The locals call it Nordeast .  There are great Polish restaurants and delis around the area.  The Best of Europe deli is a stone's throw from my house and I just stumbled upon it while shopping at Food City.  it's in the same strip mall.  I thought i was back at Karmarczuk's.....a real old fashioned family owned deli.  This place is just as good to my delight.  The sandwiches use good meats and great bread, there are little items to buy, and the sausages rule!  It's a sausage fest, so to speak.  Really glad I live close to this place.  You may have to drive around the parking area for awhile to locate it.  It's small.  But I hope they continue to be successful and we'll have great Eastern European deli foods for years to come.  Worth going out of your way for....oh, but don't bring your credit card....cash only!
This is truly the best place in ARIZONA to buy a sandwich.
First of all, let me just say, the only reason I tried this place was b/c of the perfect yelp score. I was slightly leary b/c there was only 24 reviews(I'm #25 woo hoo! lol). But I figured getting mostly 5 stars & no less than a 4 star was given out of those 24, it must be good, & fortuneatly, I was FAR from disappointed. Just like pretty much every other review u read from here, the smoked & cured sausages & meats are TO DIE FOR! The young lady working the counter was very nice & helpfully, generously & glefully let me sample whatever i desired(which was a lot!) & they were all amazing. I got the #12 European combo sandwich, & it was hands down the Top 2 or 3 sandwich I've ever had! Very small, quaint, little, old-school type deli that u don't find too much anymore. And all the products they had were rare, look very tasty & are all reasonably priced! Great little hidden gem in NE Valley. I'm an instant fan! Can't wait to go back!
My husband and I love this place.  In fact, I love it so much it was what I wanted for my birthday lunch this year.  My family comes from Eastern Europe and I have been fortunate enough to visit a few times and the meats, bread, mustard and pickles really take me back.  If you visit, remember that they do not take credit cards so come with cash and that their sandwiches are HUGE, one will easily feed two people.
Been here once. Got the Italian special & the European sub. Both were really good! I tried both & couldn't decode which one I liked better lol. The sandwiches are actually 2 sandwiches when you order the full sandwich so you get huge portions! Not bad at all for $7 & change. Lots of other European goodies that I had never seen. Sweets too. I tried the kinder country chocolate bar. The girl at the counter said it was Germany's most popular candy. I can tell why! Yummy!!!
best sandwiches in town?? no, they are just okay. I wasn't blown away. All the reviews pumped this place up too much. A super small and very limited selection of sandwiches to choose from and only 2 of those were hot sandwiches... Sad this place had some much potential.


I am sure their business isn't driven by the sandwiches though.
Friendly staff, clean and really enjoyed my lunch. More than enough food next time I will order the half sandwich.
They have teaworst, so they're awesome. Buy teaworst.
This place is AMAZING!!!!! It is the BEST Euro deli around! 

When you walk in, you are greeted with an aroma of their homemade meats. The market is quaint with some very unusual yet delicious grocery items. But the best part about this place....their kielbasa sandwiches. Oh, and their amazing owner who is always so nice and helpful.

We love "eating in" at one of the two small tables and just enjoying wonderful food and feeling very much at home.
I stop in this gem occasionally for a sandwich. Its one of the few places where you can get a great lunch at a great price. The sandwiches are actually two sandwiches and are delicious. One of these days I'll order some meats to take home. There's not much seating so don't expect a full service diner. Owners are very nice and friendly. Beware though, its cash only, no credit cards!
Man, this place is just good.  I don't know if it's a European, American or Polish deli, but the sandwiches are damn good.  Hell it could be called Best of Antarctica Meats & Deli and they would still have some of the best sandwiches in town.  When you buy a sandwich, you actually get two, so keep that in mind.  The sourdough bread is amazing.  The cold cuts are very high quality and delicious.  I purchased a few Polish sausages to go and made them at home later.  Wow.  Impressed.
This place reminds me of walking into a deli somewhere in Eastern Europe - it's that authentic. The proprietors speak Polish and they have many authentic products from the Eastern Bloc. The sandwiches taste so fresh and are made from high quality ingredients and are HUGE! I've been coming here for a decade and it's as good as the day I first started coming here
About to have a sandwich from here but so far a really good experience. I ordered #3 and my sister ordered #12 with no mustard. Can't wait to see what they taste like. Everything so far is good though but I'll probably update once I eat the sandwich.
My brother and I ate here. He got the number 3 and I got the number 12. Both were great. And we each took home a quarter of our sandwiches because they were very big.
Looks and feels like a good old mom and pop shop. Got a pastrami sandwich and was pretty damn good. I really wish I hadn't seen the girl making my sandwich put the fresh deli meat into a microwave, really killed the moment. Definitely stop by again just for the deli meats.
LOVE THIS PLACE!  I found this place on Yelp, and based on the reviews and my uncontrolable urge to have Polish Sausage, I decided to make the drive to try it.  I ordered some fresh polish sausage, some dried sausage, and a Polish Sausage sandwich.  I ate the sandwich in the car (since there really is not much room inside to eat), and it was very good.  The meat was sliced thin and heated up.  It had a mustard on it that was ok, but I typically eat my sandwiches dry.  The bread was delicious!  It held up well, the crust was fantastic, and it had a good flavor.  I recommend ordering a half sandwich.  It is actually a whole sandwich.  If you order a whole sandwich, you get two sandwiches.  Not sure why.  

So I took the fresh sausage home and cooked it up.  It was delicious!  Best I have found since leaving Chicago!  It is not fatty and rubbery (like Stanley's in Phoenix always was).  The links are the perfect size.  I always slice it open length wise and put it on some good rye bread.  This was a delicious sandwich, and needless to say, it didn't last long in my house.  I'll definitely be back for more. 

The dried sausage was very good, and did not mold (I've been other places where it molds very quickly).  This sausage is a hit.  It's a great snack, but be warned..... you will have garlic breath. :)
Authentic and fresh. It's always great to see your meat sliced in front of you. Hot pastrami on rye took me right back to my childhood in Manhattan.
OK, so I don't normally go to restaurants that are in strip malls in industrial areas, but I heard my assistant raving about this place, and off we went.  It is kind of hidden in plane sight, and is easy to pass, and whatever you do, don't listen when a smart assed back-seat driver says "it's right up here, past the junk yard".
Today is Wednesday, and the special was the "Kick Ass Meatloaf".  I don't know about you, but when somebody makes such an outrageous claim,  I have to try and prove them wrong.  
Service was good and quick and the food was good.  The portions were huge, but I left there as an official member of the Big Boys Clean Plate Club.  Yea for me!
Every day is a different lunch special, but I'm kind of quirky and will probably find myself eating there every Wednesday for 9 weeks, then I'll go on a Tuesday.  Hopefully their Tuesday special is good.  I'll let you know October.
Not a bad little place to go for lunch.  They have pretty good food and decent prices.  I've only been there a couple of times but both times had good service and left satisfied.  Not really else to say...pretty standard bar and grill...  Give it a try...chances are you'll like it.
This unassuming place is run by some of the most down-to-earth people I've ever encountered. The food is excellent and the wait staff aims to please. This is a great place for lunch. It's very warm and inviting. My coworkers and I agree that this is a new standard lunch spot. I'm happy to call myself a regular.
The South Bank Grill is a great little lunch spot. Don't blink as you drive down 40th Street, or you'll miss it between the junk yard and the industrial complex.

The interior is an eclectic mixture of sports memorabilia (go Bears!), circa 1986 wall art, and kitchen decorating on a dime. Tables and chairs mostly match and are of the church basement variety. You'll also find a pool table here, but no play until after 2pm so that customers can lunch in peace.

The menu contains a standard bar and grill offerings, and everything I've had has been quite good. The salads are huge with fresh toppings, though I admit I wasn't a fan of the sherry vinaigrette and had to turn it in for ranch. I've also tried their pierogi special, which was as authentic as I'd find in the Red Apple in Chicago (but less greasy).

The staff are the best part of this diner. My waitress was happy, funny, and very attentive. I'm annoyed by waitstaff who show up when I don't need them and hide when I do, but our server was perfect. I'd recommend this place because of her, even if the food was bad.

Plenty of parking available off street. They also have a full bar for afternoon meetings. They can handle groups of up to 6 easily, but if you bring more, show up early so you can find seating.
Great food, great people.  Try the kielbasa.  If they had a microbrew or two on the beer list, I'd give it 6 stars.
This place is really in the middle of nowhere and it's too bad because I'm sure they will be out of business soon. I probably eat there at least once a week and I have yet to have a bad meal. The chipotle steak sandwich is my favorite and the people there are as friendly as they get. Hurry up and help save this place.
This place is great.  Food is served quickly and at a reasonable price.
I have been to South Bank about half a dozen times now and this little hole is the wall is great for lunch. It's a little gem In an industrial area with not a lot of dining choices sans the JITB down the street. 

The service is always quick and pleasant, prices reasonable, generous portion sizes and above average food. The Chipotle Steak Sandwich is the bomb! I also like the Albuquerque Turkey Sandwich. All sandwiches/entrees come with a side choice, the normal prefab frozen fries (always served hot), coleslaw, cottage cheese, etc. Daily lunch specials like Italian Beef Sandwiches and Friday Fish Fry are both excellent choices. A co-worker recently had the shrimp basket and she ate everything, fries, coleslaw and the huge breaded shrimp, said she would be ordering it again. 

They have happy hour and televise UFC fights but I can't vouch for either. 

If you work in the area give them a try for lunch it's a great little family run, neighborhood business serving good food.
Um.... seriously?!?!?!  4 1/2 stars?!?!?!

I guess if you are a blue collar worker that has less than 30 minutes for lunch and you want to eat in a run down neighborhood bar atmosphere and over pay for sub par food than this is the place for you.

My husband and I just ate there.  He ordered the Chipotle Steak Sandwich, diet style.  That is no bread and a side salad instead.  It looked like something you would get in a mall food court.

The ONLY vegetarian option was a grilled cheese sandwich.  I got the fruit cup as a side.  It was a bit hard, a bit flavorless... cantaloupe.   I could have made a much better lunch at home for less than the $21 we paid to eat at South Bank Grill.

I can't believe I just ate at this place!!!
Just tried to go by for lunch today.  Haven't been in a while.  Shocked to see a sign on the door that said it has went out of business.  Sad to see it go.
closed - this is now la canasta.
If you need a reason to go to downtown Glendale, this is it.  A Touch of European will remind you of a small lunch spot in large urban cities surrounded by tall buildings even though it is in a small cottage in the middle of downtown Glendale.  

The menu is mainly Polish, however it does have many other "touches" of Europe.  The tomato, basil, mozzarella sandwich melts in your mouth.  The cibatta bread is perfectly baked on site and the balsamic vinegar sauce is downright perfect.  I still have not been able to figure out how they make the sauce.  It is not your standard reduction.  Also try the stuffed cabbage.  Again, the food just melts in your mouth and is very filling as well.  

There is patio seating as well as seating in doors.  On a nice day, I recommend sitting outside and enjoy the serene world of downtown Glendale.
This place is the definition of a mom and pop restaurant. Their whole family runs this place. They are very friendly and accommodating, they will take care you. Plus this is the only Polish food I've been able to locate, aside from Stanley's who specilizes in sausages. 

The restaurant is located on a quiet street in Downtown Glendale. There is a patio with trees towering overhead. It makes for a very peaceful lunch, and for a moment almost makes you forget you're in a blistering desert. They do have limited hours so make sure you call ahead of time. 

I have been here twice, and both times were excellent. My friend's mom (who is Polish) made me Pierogi when I was young, and ever since I've been hooked. I had both the potato and cheese and the meat Pierogi. Altough I prefer a little more butter and onion with my Pierogi they were still delicious and cooked perfectly. Next, I had to Golabki (stuffed cabbage) which was even better than the Pierogi. They were moist and filled with plenty of flavorful meat, and topped with a sweet and tangy tomato sauce. The Goulash is also amazing, but I can't go into detail on this one since I had it on my first visit. 

I highly recommend A Touch of European Cafe. I wish I didn't live so far from this place! Its rare that I get to fulfill my Polish cravings.
A quaint, little restaurant serving primarily Polish cuisine.  I tried their "chlodnik" soup (cold beet soup, similar to gazpacho), and stuffed cabbage ("golabki"), both of which were very tasty.  I was also offered a free sample of their 'cream of peanut' soup, also delicious, and shows you that these restaurateurs can get quite creative and beyond traditional Polish cooking.  They have quite the selection of entrees, sandwiches, desserts and beverages, including the Polish black currant juice, a definite must-try!

They are only open for dinner on Thursdays and Fridays, and on other days it's just lunch, so be aware.  also, it's BYOB (beer/wine only).  There is plenty of free street parking right outside.  And the staff is very friendly and welcoming.  Will definitely visit again next time I am in the Phoenix area.
We go here every year during our annual jaunt to Glendale Glitters. It's owned by a very friendly Polish family that always make me smile. One year, one of the daughters had a fake baby and must have been "playing mommy" for a school class. It kept crying and the whole family kept taking turns rocking and feeding the baby while acting like nothing unusual was going on. I told you that make me smile! 

Every time I go there, I am sure to get the pierogi as it's not to be missed. But please don't go there during Glendale Glitters because it's so hard to get a table during the festivites and I really want to get a seat this time.
We went here last night it was so much fun.  The owners are a polish couple who keep the place very immaculate!  The atmosphere is fun .  I counted there are only about 7 tables in the entire restaurant but there is seating outside.  

The meal starts out with some pumpernickel bread and butter which was very tasty.  We ordered the beet salad it was fresh and not over bearing when it comes to pickling.  For my dinner I ordered the house special which is sort of like a pot sticker with meat.  But they put a polish spin on it which had a butter sauce and bacon bits followed by sour cream.  She had the cabbage rolls which were very large.  The plate comes with three.  

We shared our meals so we could get a taste of everything.  For dessert we had a tipple layer chocolate tart which had a chocolate cherry filling.  It was so gooooooooood!     The menu mostly consist of polish food.  Its a very neat place if you want authentic polish.  This was the first true polish meal I ever had and it was fantastic.  Prices were great for a Friday night.  Two drinks two meals a salad ,  bread and butter , and dessert came out to 30 bucks!  

Cant beat that.  Plus the food was homemade.  The place itself is nestled in downtown Glendale its a little hard to find the first time but trust me its well worth it.  It almost feels like eating in someones house.  Very fun very different.  Try something new and go here.  And you also feel good because you just supported a local mom and pop business!
I am a regular customer.  I have been coming here for dinner at least once a week, and sometimes lunch, because the food and the service are so terrific.  It doesn't take long to feel like one of the family.

The atmosphere is warm and fun. The portions are huge.  The food is simply delicious!

Try the soups.  I sometimes have two.  If you are lucky they will have the roast pork and sauerkraut special.  Yum!  The cabbage rolls and the goulash are also great picks.

And ask if they have "Mama's Apple Cake" when it comes time for dessert.  You won't be sorry unless you are trying to lose weight.

They are only open for dinner a couple of nights a week and it varies by season so call ahead.   It's a small place, and very popular, so make a reservation if you want to be seated without a wait--even for lunch.
My wife and I ate at this place while visiting family. We saw it had great reviews and the locals liked it too so we tried it. It was definitely worth all the hype. It was delicious and seemed authentic since it was owned and run by a Polish family. When you ask customers there what's good, they say everything so it's sure to be great and it was!!! We tried the "My Big Fat Polish Sausage Sandwich" and one of their soup of the days which had spinach, carrots, and potatoes with a hard boiled egg. It was delicious.
If you are looking for some good old fashion Keilbasa and no ladies I am not talking about what is in my new set of pleaded pants.  I am talking about the great sandwiches at this hidden location in the old town Glendale.  

The soups selection is great (the chicken dumplings are lovely) and the specials are always a delicacy, did I mention I can bring my own Scotch, bmos?  Classy!  

For those of you that like your red wines you can definitely pull out that cork and make love.   Speaking of love that beautiful lady server always brings are great smile and service.  I brought my flute and was ready to make babies but while in the middle of my overture, I found out her husband made all that tasty food.  

Well meantime folks come in for a great time for A Touch of European Cafe..  Stay Classy
This little Polish restaurant tucked in downtown Glendale is authentic and warm. I went for lunch and had the tomato, basil, and mozzarella sandwich, which was outstanding! Next time I go, I will try out some of the more "polish" dishes such as the sauerkraut and sausages.

It is only open a few evenings a week for dinner but it is BYOB or bring your own wine..a hard to come by perk in most Glendale restaurants.
After reading the previous reviews, I don't feel I have much to add except that you MUST COME HERE!  The food is incredible.  I love the pierogies and blintzes are to die for.  This is seriously good food.
To experience Historic Downtown Glendale I'd put this little restaurant at the top of anyone's list.  Great homemade Polish food with a very inviting atmosphere.  This is a family run place at its best!

Located on a quiet street in a row of older homes the uniqueness oozes from the inside and out.  It's very small inside with only about eight tables inside and maybe three outside.  So they don't serve to a vast amount of people.  With that said there is plenty of interaction to be had with the waitress.  Which is one of the main reasons to check this place out, she is great!  

Make sure to call ahead to see what their hours are as they are not open at all times for lunch and dinner.  Quite expected for this type of place.  I know I'll be back and would suggest for anyone else to check it out as well if in the area.
Can't say more than what has already been said.  A warm, cozy place. With fresh, homemade food. I'm not polish, my husband is, and we both loved it. We'll be back soon.
I''m a local but find a trip to A touch of Europe cafe, ot be always friendly, warm and cozy.  The owner, Margaret,  has a delightful sense of humor and is a lot of fun.  Margaret's husband, Waldmore is a virtuoso in the kitchen.  I especially love his soups which change with the day and with the season.  His beet soup is superb although my wife can't get past the pink color.  What ever  you choose from the menu, you'll have picked a winner.  One of my wife's favorites is the egg salad sandwich.  In addition to the soups, a think the kielbasa is my favorite.
What a wonderful little place to have a birthday lunch.  I enjoyed everything about this place. The location, owners, and of course the homemade food.  We started with a Pierogi Platter (1 doz), three different types: potato-cheese with smoked kielbasa saute with onions, meat, and sauerkraut.  I love the meat and potato-cheese, not so much of the sauerkraut ones.  I ordered a smoked polish sausage on cibatta bread , so yummy!  As for my friends, they had a fresh mozzarella, basil & tomato on cibatta,  hunter stew, cabbage roll, and breaded chicken breast  cutlet & cheese on cibatta bread.  I will need to go back to try the cheese blintzes.  Another plus about this place was   B.Y.O.B. - (beer or wine only)..  This was certainly a hidden a gem in downtown Glendale!
Wonderful Wonderful Fun Place to have great homemade Polish food cooked and served by the family and eaten in the kitchen or out on the patio. The father husband chef butcher makes the juciest tenderest Kielbasa ever.  Full range of Polish Food--excepy no Kishka.

And do not order the green beans if not fresh; ours were canned.
8 of us went on the Saturday afternoon to celebrate birthdays.  I called ahead for a reservation, I hear the place is small and gets packed.  I should have bought the GPS, but I thought I was going to use my sense to get there.  Circled a little and found out the street does not go through the Glendale library is in the way!  LOL!  We ordered 12 pierogi (mixed).  They are so so SO good.  We ordered sandwiches, sausages, cabbage wrapped something, etc...  Everything was so delicious!  Loved the atmosphere of the owners interacting with the customers.
Excellent service and a cute little place in historic Glendale. Beautiful little tree-lined street and a lively patio. I had the tomato mozarella sandwich and tomato noodle soup. Both were very good. I'll be back for lunch.
I love this place. I used to not be a big fan of polish food but then my Dad dragged me here and I've been hooked ever since. The Hunter's Stew and the Kielbasa platter are to die for and the service is excellent. I have never been disappointed with this place and plan on making a trip there this weekend. They also do these cooking classes which are a bit expensive but I sort of want to try one.
I come here often and want to update my last review.  This is a mom and pop establishment.  Margaret is a delightful personality who never stops working but had time for a friendly greeting to one and all.  He husband, Waldmoor, is the chef and a very good one.  He butchers his own meat an does the cooking so you know it's always consistantly good.  He also makes different soups.....hot ones in the winter time and cold ones in the summer.  My favorite soup is the beet soup which is superb.  My wife won't try it because it's pink.  If you can get past the color, you're in for a taste of heaven.  Wife declares all his other soups outstanding.  Her favorite is sauerkraut soup and pickle soup.  She says they have no equal.
A taste of Europe is a good restaurant serving good food served and made by good people
I thoroughly enjoyed everything.  Cute little place, pleasant service, yummy Polish food.  I will be returning.  Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that one of my two lunch partners thought the food was too bland.  I would argue that he expects everything to be overly spicy and therefore doesn't appreciate anthing else.  But...since he wasn't as impressed I decided to achnowledge his opinion.  They took our lunch reservation and had a table held for us which was awsome.  It is a tiny place so I would recommend reservations so you won't have to wait.
Glendale is where I live and work and I like to try everything in the core downtown area.  I have had this restaurant on my to try list for some time.

The really good stuff:
The place is really cute.  The service is really great, Margaret works very hard at making you feel at home in the restaurant. I could tell by the way regulars are treated that if you go often you are family.

The OK:
The food is well cooked and presented.  I had the sampler plate($15.95) with 2 cheese Pierogi, Kielbasa, stuffed cabbage and hunter stew.

The so-so:
I prefer more of the fat to be cooked out of my meat.  I make my mid day meal during the week to be my big meal and many of the dishes I did not try are not that large.  Price wise I will not keep it in my regular lunch rotation.

General commentary:
I was asked if I wanted lemon in my FBIT and I still got it.  The butter served with the nice warm bread was rock hard and not near able to melt (this can be tricky as there is a range that refrigerated products are allowed to be held at room temperature).  I may still go back again as it is different and not bad and I would be happy to show it off to another person.  Of the food I had I would reorder the stuffed cabbage and the Pierogi.  Based on what I saw I would also like to try some of the soups.
I really wanted to give this place 5 stars but.. well.. let me explain. 


I came in on a Friday around 5:15pm trying to catch an early dinner. I am glad I did as upon entering I noticed they close close @ 7:30pm. When I came in all the tables were empty but they all had "reserved" place cards on them. Later I realized that there was some sort of club or church organization that came in and took over the restaurant so I would recommend making a reservation. The owner was very nice and sat us at one of the reserved tables. Her husband the chief quickly realized we knew nothing about polish food and offered us a sample of dill sour pickle soup. yummmmmy. 

The restaurant itself is located in old town Glendale's Catlin court in a small quaint little house that gives you a more personal ambiance. The owners made us feel like we were literally dinner guest at their house which was not what I was expecting but a nice surprise. 

The food is best described as "home cooking". The soup was excellent and my favorite part of the meal but the rest tasted just as my parents would have made growing up at home and I'm not Polish. Put simply all the main ingredients of my dish tasted as though they could have been bought at Fry's and my mom cooked them. The kielbasa was good but nothing unique, sauerkraut was tasty, but the green beans were either overcooked, thawed from frozen, or from a can. I am by no means a Polish food expert and maybe this is exactly how they would make it in Poland? 

Overall if you don't feel like cooking, want to try something new, and are in the mood for Polish food I would try it out and see for yourself. As for me I did like the restaurant and their owners but I think I will only return for the soup in the future, which I would gladly give 5 stars.
We have definitely found a new favorite place to eat!!! Down in the heart of Glendale, this restaurant is an absolute find!!! We got a sample of the pumpkin soup and was it yummy!!! The owner told us her husband made it for the 1st time last night and am I glad we were there for the inauguration!!! All the food we had, stuffed cabbage, goulash and noodles and pierogies and sausage was excellent. The service was fast and extremely friendly. There's only 5 or 6 tables in this restaurant, so you definitely need a reservation. We will be back!!!!
This restaurant makes one of my favorite meals of all time; their tomato, mozzarella and basil sandwich.  Each and every time I bite into one, I can't help but close my eyes and get lost in the joy.  Everything about it is perfection, from the freshest warm ciabatta to the generous drizzle of balsamic that balances every last bite.  I've been going there for years now and there's never once been a single variance; it just always blows my mind.  Might not sound substantial either but it will really fill you up without weighing you down.

(Because AToEu is kind of far from where I live, I've tried to get my fix of this sandwich at other closer restaurants such as Pane Bianco, but no other place comes close!)

Whenever I can break away from ordering the sandwich, I also really love the hearty, home-cooked Polish platter, which includes homemade pierogies (not frozen) and homemade kielbasa (tender and flavorful), in addition to hunters stew and stuffed cabbage... all wonderful, warm, and comforting.

Also wonderful and warm is the family who owns this restaurant.  They're a special family, and they make me feel like family whenever I go there.

If I lived closer, I'd be there every week.
When food is offered from love, an understanding of flavor and the intertwining nature of the ingredients, it transcends good food and takes on something that isn't easily found in the Phoenix valley.  It becomes great.  Wonderful people making and serving delicious food in a simple, home style setting make this my new favorite restaurant.
This is a real find and I mean "find"  because it is tucked away on the side streets of downtown Glendale. This small little restaurant is unique in decor and cuisine, not many polish restaurants around.  The food is flavorful and fresh, the soups are unique and tasty.  The stuffed bell peppers are awesome as is the stew.The owners are warm and inviting without being overbearing.  

My only disappointment is the limited hours, I work too far away to get there for lunch and they are only open a few nights a week.  Definitely worth the trip.
Stopped by today with the wife.  It's always a favorite place to eat when we're in Phoenix.
Menu has enlarged.  Food is, as always, magnificant.
I liked this place and would've liked to try more than just pierogies. I did order kielbasa as well, but it didn't come out, and she didn't charge me for it, so I didn't argue. This is a really cute restaurant, with great patio seating. 

I hand make my own pierogies (which I am not entirely bias to, I always am on the lookout for someone who can do them better). A Touch of European Cafe's are about a 6. I think they were a touch undercooked and a bit too greasy for my liking. The farmers cheese that they use in their potato is wonderful, and I think I will be trying that out the next time I make mine. Their sauerkraut were good, but lacked depth. 

Overall, I think that this is a great place to come to, and probably doesn't have much competition as this is the only Polish restaurant that I know of.
This is probably my favorite restaurant in Glendale, if not the entire state. 

First of all, you can bring your own booze for NO corkage fee! The atmosphere is quaint and cozy, and truly reminds me of being back in Europe. Great patio seating as well. Serivce is wonderful and friendly...I almost felt like part of the family. 

Now for the food...if you like Polish food you will be in heaven! The borscht was the best soup I have ever eaten--my cousin doesn't even like beets and you should have seen her face light up with pleasure when she tried it! The perogies and cabbage rolls are authentic and delicious, and the kielbosa is TO DIE FOR! Also, try the hunters stew...looks funky, but tastes great! They even allowed us to bring our own birthday cake for my mom, which they provided the candle for. Just truly a great experience...I'm going back tomorrow :0)
The Touch of European Cafe is a quaint little place in one of those old homes that have been converted into a business just off the Historic Glendale square.  This place is locally owned by a couple of immigrants from Poland. They offer fantastic tasting Polish food and have exceptional customer service.   

Now, I'm not a "beet" person so when I was asked to sample their red borscht-beet soup I was apprehensive to the point of making a grimmest face. But to my surprise it was delicious! We ordered some soup de jour, pierogi's both cheese and smoke sausage with onions for apps.  These pierogi's were amazing!  The best I've had in quite some time.  

Since it was lunch we opted away from the delicious looking Polish Plate Specials and went for their gourmet sandwiches.  We had their Fresh Mozzarella, basil and tomato on cibatta bread toasted with their vinaigrette dressing.  It was very fresh and tasty. We also had a smoked polish sausage on a cibatta bun with their sauerkraut-slaw and mustard.  It too was very good and huge! We had to take half of it to-go. They have a lot of homemade deserts to choose from including Cheese Blintzes and Kolaczki Cookies, which we had both the apricot and raspberry ~ delish!!

The Touch of European Cafe is very small and popular so you may need to call ahead of time when dinning indoors for dinner.  They have outdoor seating which is perfect for dinning for lunch of dinner when the weather is nice. They are BYOW so you can bring your own favorite bottle of wine!  

We are looking forward to our next visit, this time it will be dinner.  Planning to bring a nice bottle of Pinot Noir to go with either some Hunter Stew or some Stuffed Cabbage Rolls along with a side of pierogi's of course!  I might even have their soup de jour again!
this is probably the third restaurant i tired in Glendale, AZ...It is located in a historic site in Glendale and all the houses around it are also little shops that sells antiques and trinkets. The restaurant has a very cozy and homey touch and a nice little outdoor patio seating area.

The inside of the restaurant is quite small...maximum capacity is about 25. We sat by the door and since my bf got a little cold the really nice waitress moved us further in the restaurant. The lady who served us might also be the owner...but she was very friendly and nice.

So I ordered something called the Combo...it came with 6 potato-cheese pierogi and a smoked kielbasa sauteed with onions. OMG the smoked kielbasa was huge! it was at least 9 inches!! =D it was also very yummy! the potato-cheese pierogi was a little bland by itself but dab a little bit of sour cream on it..it was pretty good. I really enjoyed my dish and I was close to finishing it but since the waitress gave us some bread and butter, I got pretty full. 

My bf ordered the smoked Polish sausage on a roll ciabatta with cold sauerkruat slaw. It was also very huge..and looked really yummy too. he also ordered a cup of cream of potato...which i  thought wasn't creamy enough but was still okay.

The entrées are a bit expensive per person...average $14 but if u order just a sandwich with water then it's about $8.

Another thing about this place that might be cool for those who drink is that you can bring your own beer and wine without charge. =D

Overall, I really enjoyed the food and service. She made a mistake on the bill...charging us $33 instead of $27..she was nice and apologetic about it so we tipped her more. =D I would love to come here again!
Different kind of food. Very nice people and nice area. Be prepared.
Went in on a whim while I was downtown. Didn't know it was only Polish till I sat down because the name denotes all of Europe, and not just Poland. The menu also didn't have a lot of European foods on it, just a few desserts and borscht. There was only one waitress (the owner) and it was really busy due to a lot of special events going on in that area. They really should have gotten some temporary help as I waited a long time to even get a drink and she just kept telling people to sit down "if you're going to stay" but then you ended up waiting forever, wondering if you were even noticed.
I got a turkey and cranberry sandwich on ciabatta - not really European at all! - and while it was a good size sandwich, it only came with a small bag of Lays and a pickle spear for $7. Way expensive for something I could have easily and cheaply made myself. They wouldn't let me get just half a sandwich and a bowl of soup for a set price ("We don't do half.") which would have been a lot more satisfying to both me and my wallet.
The tea - a Polish brand fruit herbal tea - was really good and decent priced. They also had a few Polish brand items on a shelf you could buy (I bought a box of the tea for only $2.99). 
For the service and the prices, I won't be back (around $15 for a sandwich, tea, and a box of tea that took over an hour to get and eat... no bueno). Decent sandwich and cute house, but they need to rethink their menu a bit before I'd even recommend this place, much less come back.
Great atmosphere, great food, and the owners are just as cute as can be! We tried to go to the Taste of Glendale but it was packed and I'm cheap and lazy and didn't want to pay $25 to stand in line. I remembered having enjoyed this place for lunch before so we gave it another try. We'll definitely return. I had the sampler platter (or half the platter actually since it was huge) and my date had the pork goulash. As much as I enjoyed my dish I'll have to say that the plate of porky goodness really stood out. Nothing fancy but very filling and truly downhome tasty (if home is Warsaw I guess). The weather was beautiful so we sat out on the patio w/another couplethat are regulars  and their adorable dogs (oh so European) enjoying pleasant conversation amid the twinkly lights before walking around the neighborhood briefly. Perfect for date night but remember to bring your own wine.
Not very often do I crave a nice polish meal but this past weekend the craving hit me solidly and I suddenly found the urge to get some perogi smothered with sour cream  and no I'm no pregnant nor have the proper organs to be carrying a child. So I went with a friend to this cool little place near downtown glendale.
The day was cold so sitting outdoors was out of the question but the outdoor seating looked like it would be perfect on a warmer day. Inside the place was, dare I say, cute, quaint and cozy.  
The food was delicious. I had Perogi and white borsht. At the end of my meal the craving was satisfied and I could go on living. The owner and staff were very friendly.
Had lunch with my son there today! It was incredible food. Excellent service, quaint location. Highly recommend them. I had the Hunter's Stew and a side if their beets. Oh my goodness it was good.
Perogis! Yumm! I grew up in the upper midwest surrounded by polish communities and miss sweet sweet perogis. The kraut and mushroom ones are really good and 1/2 doz is a perfect serving size for lunch.  The atmosphere and the people make the cafe very comfortable.enjoy.
My wife and I have been going here for a couple of years. It is always a pleasant outing. The food is always good and the service is great. We almost always get one of their sandwiches which comes with chips and a pickle. Their tomato soup is maybe the best I have ever had. Only had it once as it is available on certain days. If you luck out when it is on the menu by all means get a bowl. Highly recommended.
WOW....This restaurant has the best soups, salads and authentic Polish food. The owners run this clean, friendly restaurant. Best Polish food I have ever had. You will not be disappointed, I promise!!!
I absolutely love this place.  I have been going there for a solid 7 years.  Not as frequently as I like since moving away from Glendale 6 years ago.

The food is always good.  The owners are great.  I'm very happy at the success they have found.

Most of the basics ahve been covered, so I want to add my story.  On our first visit I heard some customers raving about soups I found to sound a little odd.  I gave them a taste and they were amazing.

Since then I like to try the soups regardless of what they are.  This lead me to try the pickle soup when my wife & I took her parents there.  It was close to 8 months later when we came in to visit again, had lunch and asked if they still do pickle soup as my wife was craving it.

Although it was off the menu, they noted that my wife was pregnant and that if she wanted pickle soup then she must have pickle soup.  They asked for a date in the future that we could make it back in.  Found a date where I could pick up a to go order for dinner and sure enough, they put it on the menu that day.

Definitely a rare circumstance when a place will go absolutely above and beyond like this and make you feel completely special.

Just absolutely fantastic.
I had a pierogi craving and this place hit the spot.  Our waitress (who I assume is one of the owners) was wonderful.  Very pleasant, helpful and polite.  She was sure to make us feel welcome, which I liked.  

This food was exceptional.  Stuffed cabbage was excellent, bigos was delicious, and pierogis were the best!
Yummy is all I can say. I love pierogi and theirs were great. My husband had the Hunters dinner and loved it (2 meals worth!)
I've been wanting to go here for a while! I'm just never in Glendale so I finally made the drive out there to try this place for lunch. Service was great! While waiting for my food, the cook even brought me a sample of Beet Soup that he just made to test it. I had the Kielbasa and cheese pierogis and it was great comfort food. The kielbasa was juicy and the pierogis has a great flavor to them. I even used the leftover kielbasa in my scrambled eggs the next day. :)
Great soups and very tasty sausages
If you like food that is truly authentic and exceeds your expectations, that this is a great place to sit right down and dig in. The owners are first generation immigrants from Poland you might think you are sitting in Poland if you while you dine. We ordered the kielbasa platter and the combo plate. The brown mustard really complements the kielbasa. The combo includes potato cheese pierogi which I really enjoyed. With the owners doing all of the food preparation and service, you feel like you are sitting around their kitchen table. We really enjoyed the food, atmosphere and service.
So glad to have found this place. We saw a newspaper write-up and decided to try it out. This small restaurant is in an attractive setting--great outdoor seating, live music the night we were there and fantastic staff.  The food is delicious--I had the potato and cheese pierogi and kielbasa sausage, my hubby had their 'Hunter Stew' (a cabbage and sauerkraut and noodle yummy).  They brought a small, free sampling of the evening soup special (dill pickle--a true polish tradition) and loved it.  We split a chocolate-dipped coconut macaroon for dessert and found it outstanding---not too sweet and large enough to share. Lots of other items on the menu will call us back. Seating is limited inside and it was too cold to sit outside the night we were there, but we didn't have to wait for a table.
This food really is fantastic. The specials are always delish. Their meatloaf is to die for. This is not your 'normal' meatloaf. It's always been perfectly cooked and seasoned, with a good amount of their gravy. 

Their mashed potatoes are of course very good. Always topped with onions and some paprika. Was their for lunch yesterday and the chef came out and gave is tasters of his Sorrel Soup. Wow! It was explosive with flavor! The Pork Ghoulash tastes just like my grandmothers, whose parents were immigrants from there. 

All in all its delicious, and they're extremely friendly. The wife is the waiter/hostess, husband is the cook, and they're both friendly, can't go wrong with this shin dig!
We go here every few months. There's some great polish food. We've liked everything we've had. It appears to be very authentic (best guess - I've never been to Poland). A few times we've gone in and asked for substitutions - mostly because we didn't know what the dish was and were worried about it - the chef sent word that he felt the original sides were very important to the dish and sent samples for us to try before committing to the substitutes. In each case I ended up enjoying the original and I'm glad the chef encouraged me to try some new things.
  The restaurant is small - it's one of the historic houses there, but has a good size patio. The staff seems like they're family members and it gives it a homey feel.
We had sandwiches for lunch which were huge and tasty. Wish they served beer/wine, but still a great spot to sit on a beautiful patio and enjoy the great food and service from this hidden gem.
Home made! Authentic and delicious
Went here for lunch on a beautiful spring day with a group of friends.  We sat on the patio, it had a nice breeze, soft modern music in the background, and it felt like eating at home.  Now onto the food.  At first glance at the menu suggests that it may be out of a student's budget, but there were plenty to choose from for everyone.  I ordered the breaded chicken breast filet with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut-slaw-salad.  It was excellent and very tasty, and tasted like a homecooked meal.  I was never a fan of sauerkraut, but after eating it here changed my mind (mix of apple slices made it more refreshing and sweet).  Chicken breast was tender on the inside, and crunchy on the outside.  Mashed potatoes were very flavorful with caramelized onions and topped with paprika.  A friend also let me try his smoked kielbasa and potato-cheese pierogi...which were both very tasty.  Portion size is exactly what you paid for and will feed you well.  Very personal service and they have eyeopening desserts as well.  I will go back for sure to try more!
A Touch of European Cafe is a well kept little secret of Glendale Arizona. If you enjoy Eastern European fare, or just want to try something new, visit this small, picturesque cafe, which is located on a charming and quiet side street within the historic square of Glendale. Weather permitting, dine at the outdoor patio under mature shade trees, where you may feel as if you are no longer in the desert Southwest. This is a place where you can casually relax with some quality authentic food in a quaint, possibly romantic setting. Tip: Call ahead about their Sour Pickle Soup... you do not have to be pregnant to develop cravings for this unusual yet appetizing soup recipe!
What a nice restaurant. They have good polish food (I notice a lot of european nationals come here - I recognize the languages). They are small inside with 5 tables, and a large patio area (this is the historic Glendale area).
  The best part may be the atmosphere. The service is unique. Some places are more ...um, comfortable, than others -this is one. But here it's like visiting family for dinner. Don't be surprised at getting drawn into "intra-table" conversation.
  So I've been before. And I'll keep coming back.
I don't think this business wants business.  They close at 7 on a Friday night.  I met up with my party out front at 6:30 (still hot and light out in July) at this place based on the great Yelp reviews.  We walked in and the place is hideous inside you can look into the messy, cluttered kitchen, there are maybe 4 very crappy little (think Winchell's Donuts from the 1970's) tables in the whole place and they made no use of their patio.  The lobby and dining room are the same space.  So needless to say, not really the place you want to meet with friends.  Not even a place you CAN meet with friends, the tables are pretty much for 2 people and there are only 4 of them.  

Anyway, being optimists and since we were already there we walked in around 6:45 the woman was rude to us for being there 15 minutes until close.  I guess she wanted to get out of there so we were told she was closing and we could get a to go order if we wanted to stand around and wait.  It wasn't like there was any seating.  I looked at the fat guy and another person sitting around in the messy kitchen and took the rudeness of their upset over how "late" we showed up as my cue that we were not really wanted there so we left and ended up at Westgate.  We tried to support downtown and felt bad that we were denied.  FRIDAY NIGHT!!  Any restaurant should at least stay open until 9 on Friday and Saturday or at very least seat until their posted 7 close time.  We should have just gone to Hause Murphy's.  They are open late and down there and have never let me down.
Gosh I love this place!! Stopped here for a late lunch when I was by Downtown Glendale, I'm so glad I did! My friend and I had the Kielbasa and pierogies which was about $14. It was a huge potion so I took half of it home for dinner. We also shared a slice of carrot cake, which was also fantastic. I did love the atmosphere, I felt like I was in someone's house for lunch. The serve was friendly and helpful. If I'm ever in this area again I'll go back.
Came here with a friend to try something new. Delish!
We both ordered the "combo", which included a kielbasa and 6 pierogi. We were contemplating the sample platter, which seems like it would've been way too much food, once we saw what the combo came with.
Pierogi were really tasty--crisp outside, with a creamy center. Apparently, there are two flavors, but the combo comes with the potato cheese variety. 
Situated in an older house on a cute street in old town Glendale, it's easy to miss. Service was good and employees were nice. Seemed like a family owned/operated establishment, which added to the ambiance/feeling in the restaurant.  
Desserts a plenty as well. I was too stuffed to partake, but the macaroon looked scrumptious! 
Hopefully, they'll be around for a while, because we will definitely be going back!
Had a great lunch and delightful conversation and service on Christmas eve while visiting from Los Angeles..
Great service.  Make sure you call to make a reservation.  It can maybe hold 25 people maximum inside. Yes they do have outside seating, but it can get cold during the winter.  Even with the outdoor heaters going.  

I like the home feel of the place, I felt like I was eating inside a friends home.  The food is the same as it is comfort food.  I felt very satisfied when I left.  The sample plate was great and gave me an idea of what the food was like.

I did enjoy the service, nice home feel of the place, and the food.  If you want to try Polish food in Arizona, this is the place.
If you are looking for good polish home cooking, then this place is for you.  It's not personally my style, but it was still pretty good.  The service was stellar.  I can see why they get so busy.  The owner or server was very friendly and accommodating.  

I ordered the goulash with pasta a green beans.  It was pretty good.  The portions are quite large.  My husband had sampler dish.

I would recommend to those looking for comfort food.
What an amazing hidden treasure! It's like being in my grandparents ' house and enjoying a homemade meal. The pirogi is outstanding and the home soups are so flavorful.  Makes me feel like a kid again.
By far, this is my new favorite in Phoenix!  The flavors are authentic and warming with unparalleled hospitality.  I can't wait until my next visit!!
I don't think it gets any more Polish than this in Arizona--at least I haven't found a place that does.  Coming from a predominantly Lithuanian family with relatives married to Polish people, the food here reminds me of Sunday afternoon family get-togethers in terms of authenticity and taste.  The spot is very, very small, so you may have a wait.  The menu is also very small and specialized.  But what they serve is delicious and will not leave you hungry (or broke) when you leave.  Their desserts are phenomenal.  If I lived closer, I would probably be here quite a bit more often.  Very heartening to see a family group all working together to make a business run!  As for the review that mentioned a "crappy attitude" - Baltic people are very direct and no-nonsense, and don't follow the American way of attempting to "sugar-coat" everything.  So while that may surprise some people, it doesn't this particular Lithuanian.
I am an expert in eastern European food and I am in love with this place for a long time. My dad took me here a long time ago - I believe I was 12 years old when I first came here. We know the owners and my dad always comes in to chat - they always bring a welcome and warm feeling. The food is amazing. I usually order the same thing (Polish sausage with saurkraut). The only "bad" thing about it, is that it's very far from where I live (Scottsdale), but I end up making the drive to Glendale just to eat here!
Went there for lunch had the main entre Polish sampler. Excellent. My boyfriend's dad is first generation Polish and his mom is first generation German so I get a lot both Polish & German food. In fact, that is all we get at their house, so it is hard to find a restaurant with authentic food. The fresh kielbasa was great, sauerkraut was savvory not sour which was excellent, pierogies delicious, and my favorite golabki (stuffed cabbage) was delicious only wish they had a tomato or mushroom sauce not just catchup. Well I'm about to burst with all the good food. I love that it is individually owned and operated by a polish couple, service was excellent.
It has been two years since I last wrote a review on this treasure of a restaurant. When you enter this small restaurant, you instantly are welcomed by the owners,  Margaret and Waldemeyer. Waldemeyer makes all the homemade soups, perogies., homemade sausages, wonderful chicken cranberry salad. Three new soups a day. They are also offering cooking classes. I just took the Greek cooking class, Greek salad, Grecian chicken, and of course Baklava. 

The owners are so hard working, many of the people there I see over and over, are regulars. I don't think I have ever had something I don't just love. I had never had Polish food before but now this is one of my favorite places. If you try it, you will be a regular. I drive there regularly from Scottsdale, it is that good!!!
The most delicious lunch to date! The House Sandwich was perfect and toasty! My hubby goes there weekly and I strongly recommend this place to anyone!
The atmosphere is relaxing and beautiful sitting in the shade under the trees. The food is delicious! I had he panini croissant and the hubby had stuffed cabbage... we both licked our plates clean! We will definitely be back!
Wow best lunch!  Walked in asked the owner behind the counter what to eat and they ordered everything and it was awesome.
Very good food. All is from scratch and fresh. Pierogi's are excellent. Serrol soup was new to me and was a pleasantly surprise in how great it tasted. Staff very friendly. If you are not familiar with Polish food, they are more than happy to share how it's made. Will be going back.
Very pleasant place with an amazing appeal. The service was fantastic, food was quality, and again the patio on a beautiful March day was perfect. Will have to come back for dinner sometime.
Great home cooked meal. Nice outside dining and friendly family run business. What's not to like?
Definitely a treasure as someone mentioned.  A small peaceful oasis with great food.  And don't forget the dessert!  If you miss mom's or grandma's homemade Polish and other mid European dishes you can find them here.
Love love love EVERY single thing about this place! The food, the atmosphere, the people, and the owners! Felt like home!
I have been into this store a few times now with my sister, and they have some pretty hard-to-find import foods. They also have a few different kinds of Polish beer, which aren't really bad if you're into that sort of thing.

The store is quiet, there's not really anyone else in there whenever I'm in there. It's a great place if you're looking for food that isn't easy to acquire here. They also have breads, fresh meat, and quite a few dozen variations of sauerkraut. 

Also, like all Polish food stores they carry a LOT of pickled goods. This place is worth going to!

(I should also note, that Google Earth and Google Maps has this place listed in the WRONG location. It's just around the corner from Savers).
Great little deli. They carry meats and cheeses as well as pastries. Eva, the owner, was very nice and answered all our questions. Definitely will be back.
Great deli, very close to "German" style specialties.

Friendly (real Polish) folks with; assorted Rye Breads and pastries still warm in the AM, beers, import jellies & candies, Euro chocolates, Herring,  smoked/cured fish, so many krauts/pickled goods, Kilbasi & real hot dogs, many seasonings, sauce mixes, Polish magazines, sandwiches made to order, OMG...

Way too much to list and cost is way less than Frys for the same old comercial preservative laced, yada yada yada. This local "Mom & Pop Shop" has real meats & cheeses. Since they seem to have no artificial preservatives I go and go often. Today I got a fresh Rye, cold cuts, liver wurst and my favorite cheese that I can't find anywhere else. Cost for a bag full-o-goodies: under $25. Yes Way!

The shop is very clean, parking & acess is easy and it's in a nice area/neighbor hood. Try it, you'll like it.

A+++++
Very friendly and knowledgeable! They have a large variety of delicious deli meats and cheeses as well as fresh breads and pastries. Many different types of Polish beer. Sodas, syrups, pickles, sauerkraut, preserves, noodles, cookies, candy. This little shop is full of so many things! They also carry beauty products from Poland. You will be happy you went!
Once upon a time, before greedy traders and corrupt banks and people's inability to save money launched the U.S. into the second Great Depression, you could find a lot of German and Polish restaurants and food stores in the Valley.  Sadly, like the retirement accounts of so many so-called middle class Americans, these places have vanished along with their many customers, who no longer can afford to spend money on such non-essential luxuries.

Fortunately, Warsaw Village survived the economic catastrophe, though, like lots of businesses, it did so by considerably paring down its selection to avoid wastage and lost revenues therefrom.  Sadly, the shelves are no longer full in this store and for those who remember 'the good days', it's sort of sad to see.  Some of the now missing items are in the back; but a lot of it simply isn't carried anymore, because there just aren't as many customers showing up to buy anymore (or so it seems).  Every time I want to stop by here to pick up something, I always get a little churn in the pit of my stomach ... II keep expecting to show up and they won't be there anymore.

While places like Jana's Bakery has (finally) expanded their selection of non-bakery items on sale, Warsaw Village is still the place to go in the West Valley (actually, the WHOLE Valley) to buy a wide assortment of Polish dry goods, meats, alcohol, pickled vegetables and, especially, pierogi.  Their selection just can't be beat and they don't try and bulk up their offerings by throwing in Bosnian and other former Yugoslavian items, like many 'ethnic' places do to make it seem like they have more than they do.  None of that cheap, sketchy stuff is here:  the overwhelming majority of what they have on hand is Polish or made by places in the States specializing in Polish foodstuffs.  It simply is THE place to go to buy all these things (sadly, though, you need to skip the bread and Makowiec they pick up from other bakeries in the area ... they're usually not fresh by the time you get to it here).

Maybe, one day, when all the financial misery is behind us, places like Warsaw Village will once more open up and thrive as they did in better days.  For now, go and look and buy ... you may not have the opportunity to do so tomorrow.
This is a nice clean cut Polish deli (more like a supermarket) that's stocks everything you expect. But best thing about this place is not for the faint hearted, or faint anything really.

Pure Polish spirits.

Polish vodka is like paint stripper in a bottle. It burns so god damn good and will leave you with the worst hangover/coma you've ever had. Even the cheapest bottle, which is about the same price as Glens, its wonderful. You don't just get drunk, your mind goes somewhere else!

Why spend 30 quid getting drunk when you can spend a fraction of that being physically transported to the land of bunnys?
Ironically for a city that holds one of the world's most famous international festivals, Edinburgh is probably the least multicultural city I've ever seen in terms of it's residents. Almost everyone is white, and most are middle aged and or / middle class. Having stumbled upon Deli Polonia on the fantastic Leith Walk however, as well as a few other ethnic outposts in various parts of the city, I'm glad to say that things might be getting a bit more diverse in Scotland's capital.

With a focus on paprika and pickling, I must say that I do quite enjoy Eastern European food even if I'm no expert on it. If you're from the other side of the Iron Curtain  and are looking for something to remind yourself of home, then this vast, modern grocery should be a good place to start.
It's refreshing to take a stroll down Leith Walk and see this shiny new alternative to the various British greasy spoons and bland newsagents on offer.

Selling only the best Eastern European delicacies, Deli Polonia stock various jars, seasonings and cheeses from the Poles. But undoubtedly, the meat counter is enough to wow any carnivore who may fall under its spell.

As Gavin said, for a city that prides its reputation on hosting various colourful multicultural festivals, certain areas are pretty barren for the remainder of the year. It's nice to see this side of Leith Walk now housing a number of Polish businesses, including a book shop! Very resourceful for locals as much as it is for Polish people who have moved here.

You can't beat a bit of Polish sausage.
My pre-drinking weapon of choice is usually cider.  After a trek up Leith Walk before a night out a few months ago, I decided to go for some vodka, straight from the heart of Poland itself.  Deli Polonia has a really good, authentic feel to it with friendly, efficient service and well stocked shelves.  Their alcohol selection is particularly unique and they sell spirits of varying qualities and prices.  I went for the Poloskia (or something like that) which only cost about £5 for a 35 cl bottle and tasted better than most of the cheap British brands.  
This traditional Polish deli also had an impressive cold meats selection with everything from glazed, smoked pork to cured roast beef.  The prices are perhaps a little more expensive than your average deli, yet the quality of the produce and service makes it well worth the extra cost.
Ok, so the majority of this review is going to be about the awesome Polish vodka - but lets look at the actual deli first, because thats what Deli Polania is really.

There is a huge selection of everything you would expect - fresh meats, cheeses and various other bits and bobs that will have your mouth watering by the time you have been told what it is in a heavy polish accent buy the majorly cool and friendly staff.

Ok, enough of that. Lets talk about the vodka. Wow. It's amazing - vodka is normally my spirit of choice, and what a choice this deli offers. It ranges from what I assume to be the polish equivalent of Glens right through to the Russian Tzar's personal stash - and guess what? It's all pretty cheap and there is loads of it!! Excellent. But listen to my warning - Polish vodka is like nothing you can get in this country normally - it will literally blow your mind and if you arent careful, you will have the worst hangover ever - something which I found out the hard way. 

Enjoy responsibly :P
Deli Polonia is probably the largest Polish delicatessen in Edinburgh, particularly since it's been recently extended  to now include a cafe area.  The deli side of the business is compact, with the shelves stocked with a large variety of Polish sauces and the like, along with a lot of cheese and meat products.  The aroma inside was not as pleasing as the Chinese supermarket down the road, but still a large selection of things on offer.  There's a large Polish population in Edinburgh, and they will be well served by what Deli Polonia has to offer.

There's also now a cafe side to the business, since it's been recently extended in the past few months.  This is one of the best Polish stockists in the Leith area - essential if you're looking for something Eastern European to eat.
This year has a been a year of discovery for me. 

In the same time that I have discovered Leith isnt actually the dark side of the moon the same has happened for me with Poland. My new job has taken me to Krakow for 2 weeks so far and another 3 weeks to come as of Monday. 

What I found in Krakow was a cafe culture that naturally lends itself to smorgasbord tendencies. A blend of German, Czech, Russian and I guess Polish cuisines combine and create some great produce. A huge amount of it is smoked or pickled given Krakow's distance from the sea but I love it. 

So on returning from my first trip to Krakow and now being a Leith resident I was aware of Deli Polonia but had never though to visit it. What I found is a vibrant business fully of great fresh bread, meats, cheeses and various other Polish produce. Truly superb and a must for Leithers. 

Jd = happy man!!
We had just moved to Edinburgh from San Francisco and were wandering around our new neighborhood, finding the shops. My wife noticed a place called "Mediteraneo". A little hummus and dolmas for lunch, perhaps? We stepped inside and were a little surprised to be handed a menu of Polish dishes. Had we stepped through the wrong door?

"Oh no," explained the waiter, "It's just that we're now a Polish restaurant. We close tonight and will re-open in a couple weeks under a new name." He actually said the name, though at the time I couldn't pronounce it. "Should we leave?" I asked my wife. Neither of us was particularly thinking of Polish food, but the waiter was very nice, so we decided to try it out.

That turned out to be a terrific decision. The staff on Pani Solinska are friendly and the food terrific. We each had soup and sandwich that day, but have since been back for heavenly bigos (a hunter's stew), pierogies to die for, a splendid pork shank and delicious borscht. Dorothy, who owns the restaurant (and who is now her own head chef), makes visitors feel at home. There are also a wide range of vodkas, Polish beers and Polish juices, all worth a try. On occasion, they do pierogies stuffed with haggis, a fusion dish not to be missed!

Two caveats: this is not, generally speaking, a place I would take a vegetarian. It also best suits cold weather -- but then we get plenty of that in Scotland, so nae bother!
I am a curious one when it comes to food, I like to try new things and sample cuisines from exotic places, so after hearing numerous good reports about Pani Solinska, I thought I should check it out for myself. Whilst Poland might not be the most far flung of destinations, I can safely say I had never come across Poilsh food until I crossed Pani's threshold so I maintain that it is exotic. Unfortunately my experience will not have me rushing out to sample Polish sausage or Bigos again. The sausage looked like those nasty smoked ones that you can get in every Scottish chippy, but on the inside it was grey and fatty - I am generally the sort of girl who clears her plate, needless to say I didn't finish that particular meal. The Bigos, a typical Polish stew, didn't fare much better; it had clearly been microwaved and the meat was a bit dry and shrivelled because of this. On the plus side I discovered Tymbark, a popular Polish fruit juice, but this is not enough to make me want to return.
The great thing about Polish food is that it takes a little bit of inspiration from all of its neighbouring countries. They adapt and embrace different cultures alot better than we do.

I've been heading to a little polish supermarket in Glasgow for about 2 years now. And while using the ingredients in my own cooking, it still just tastes a little bland. I decided to let the pro's handle it.

Service and hospitality can't be beat here, the waiter stayed and had a chat with us asking about our day. Not essential but he gets brownie points for effort. The food came out in less than 10 minutes after ordering, confirming that the recession has hit Superman bad and he's cooking in here on the weekends.

The food was lovely, my sausage had a flavor that is so incredibly hard to describe. Like good German meat with a hint of eastern flavors.
I came here with some friends on an icy, hungover, January morning this year.  They serve a lunch menu all day which is simply traditional, home-made, Polish cookery with excellent ingredients, but it also costs a fair bit.  I had the beef gulash which is one of my favourite meals of all time.  It's really rich stew with beef and peppers on a bed of rice.  This along with a coke cost about £10 which isn't cheap, but it was probably one of the best meals I've ever had.  
The service is pleasant and the whole place has a comforting and homely atmosphere.  One of my friends ordered the Polish sausage and mash which she wasn't keen on due to the amount of gristle in the sausage.  I thought it was delicious though, and happily finished it off for her.  Pani Solinska doesn't come cheap, but the food is amazing and the mood feels truly unique.
Never thought I'd encounter a hole-in-the-wall Scandinavian restaurant, but that's exactly what Beaver Choice is. Situated between a hair salon and a dollar store, this newly-opened restaurant offers up traditional Scandinavian dishes as well as pitas, wraps, burgers and salads. Everything from their gravad lax (cured salmon) to their köttbullar (better known as 'Swedish meatballs') is made from scratch. The family that owns and runs the restaurant is super friendly, and really make the place inviting. A few things to note, however. The service is not quite what you'd expect, and may catch some off guard. While they are quick to bring you anything you ask for, (extra silverware, a drink refill, etc) they will otherwise generally leave you undisturbed during your meal, as they don't wish to interrupt your dining with a lot of "and how is everything tonight?" and things of that nature. Same goes with the check. There's no waiter dropping it off saying "Whenever you're ready, I'll be your cashier". It's expected that when you feel like leaving (and there's no rush) you'll just go up to the register and pay for your meal. That said, I'm definitely going to go back again, and soon.
All your wishes will be granted at Beaver Choice. Last night a friend and I saw a fine fine movie. Afterward he recommended going to this Scandinavian restaurant that just opened a week ago. It's a small place located in a strip mall with ample parking. First impression. Wow there is a lot of Ikea furniture here. Second impression. Wow these people are really really nice. You order at the counter from a pretty large selection of menu options. There are two menus (that they are happy to explain to you). The "grab and go" menu with things like sandwiches and wraps and a "bistro" menu with more hot dinner-type options. Immediately, the owner asked if I wanted free samples. Sure! I ordered the Pork Tenderloin with Morel Cream sauce (I love morels!). My dude friend had the Swedish Meatballs. We sat on our Ikea chairs at our Ikea table and enjoyed ABBA softly playing in the background. I admired the Outsider Art for sale on the walls. I almost wanted to buy the painting of the woman holding a baby. The woman looked like one of the Olsen twins. Neat! The little free samples were yummy. I had a little bit of gravlax with dill sauce, beet salad in sour cream (amazing), potato salad and some kind of lemon mousse thing. All very tasty. My pork schnitzel with the morels was so delicious. It came with salad, coleslaw and mashed potatoes with the same cream sauce. I think that mushroom sauce melted my cold cold heart. It made me smile. Then we ordered the lemon mousse thingy. I said to my friend, "I wish Dancing Queen would come on. Then everything would be perfect." When dessert came we were invited to eat it on their comfy sofa. Yeah, sofa. Then Dancing Queen came on. Wishes do come true.
Oh my goodness.  Run,  Get in the car and drive.  Go. Go. Go!!!!  Until now, the ONLY Scandinavian restaurant in the Valley was IKEA's cafe.  NO MORE!!!

Did I say run?  Go now.  Yes, stop reading this and go.

I know it's a weird name.  Trust me.  GO.  You mean you are still reading?  Get in the car now!!!!!!

Want lunch?  How about an enormous wrap for $5.  Several varieties and the two we had yesterday were wonderful and very filling.

Want dinner?  The Bistro menu is incredible.  Schnitzels from above.

So, who runs this restaurant? 
The owners are from Poland with stops in Sweden, some hints of Norway and then by way of Canada, they arrived in Tempe, Arizona.
Hanna and Marek make homemade Northern and Eastern European food that you just have to go taste. They have everything from $5 wraps and awesome burgers to $18 dinner killer entrees. 

Their son Christian does everything from waiting on guests to busing tables and doing dishes. It's a family affair and it works with the love they put on a plate.

There menu is going to expand as they roll this opening out. By fall and winter, look out...breakfast all the way through to 9p.

I have ordered the Schnitzel Cordon Blue on a previous visit. Yeah, it's been open a week and we have been here twice already.  Great German ham and what I thought was going to be swiss cheese on a pounded folded and then breaded pork tenderloin, pan fried in butter. Hannah didn't like the taste of any of the area Swiss cheeses in the area...so she substituted...with a wonderfully creamy French Brie. Ok...that's a fair substitution in my book. The potatoes with dill, butter and heavy cream, and the cabbage salad were spot on.  

Oh, and they have desserts too.  I suggested some good dark roast coffee.  I'm sure it will arrive when the weather turns cooler.

I need to say one thing more.  I wrote a very similar review on urbanspoon.com and made a less than favorable comment about the honey mustard vinaigrette.  I have a great recipe.  Hannah asked for it.  She is the ultimate in chef's...the kind I adore.  They want to continue to learn and try new things.  Someone I want to get to know better and enjoy the love she and Marek show when they cook.

You are still reading?  Why aren't you already in the car?   GO!
Beaver Choice.  Let's just get this out of the way.  I don't know what the name means, I have no idea why it's named that, I don't know why the logo is a beaver (the animal kind - get your heads out of the gutter people) in a Swedish triple crown shirt holding a fork.  With all that said, what I do know is this place is definitely worth a try.  

I had never heard of the place until my girlfriend fiancée sent me a link saying we should check it out sometime.  I checked out the menu online, it looked good, so rather than wait several weeks for my fiancée to have a free lunch period, I decided to investigate for myself that very same day.  Good move on my part.  

It's a great little Scandinavian restaurant that's only been open for a couple of weeks in a pretty non-descript suite in the strip mall behind Ted's Hot Dogs at McClintock & Broadway.  It's a very clean place with about 6 or 7 four tops, furnished from top to bottom by...you guessed it...Ikea.  It's a family owned and operated spot and they are some of the sweetest people you will ever meet.  They are very proud of their little piece of Scandinavia in the desert and it shows in their service and their food.  

They are well aware of the fact that with the exception of Swedish meatballs, most people aren't really familiar with Scandinavian food so when you approach the counter, right off the bat they ask if you would like to try a little sample platter free of charge.  Who's going to turn that down?  I had a little piece of Gravlax (raw salmon cured in salt, sugar and dill), some potato salad and some pink lunch salad thing the name of which I forget.  I really enjoyed the Gravlax and potato salad but the pink one was made with sour cream and since I've never been a fan of sour cream I only had a bite of that one.  

They have two menus. One could best be described as a lunch/to-go menu and one that they call the bistro menu which is essentially akin to a dinner menu except that you can get anything on it all day.  They have salads, wraps, sandwiches, soups, entrees, etc. with all kinds of different varieties of meats to choose from.  They even had two that they say on the menu are recommended for hangovers.  My kind of place! It all ranges in price from about $5 for sandwiches and wraps up to about $15 for a couple of the full sized dinner entrees though most of the dinner entrees mostly hover around $10 which is a steal for the amount of food that you get.  

I decided to try the schnitzel.  It comes with a decent little side salad with your choice of either a honey mustard or garlic vinaigrette, a little citrusy red cabbage slaw both of which were good but were primarily there to compliment the main event which was the schnitzel.  It's an enormous breaded pork cutlet stuffed with ham and brie cheese, cooked to perfection and topped with an amazing mushroom gravy and on the side were dill mashed potatoes also topped with the gravy.  Both of them were in a word, delicious.  It was about $11 for the whole entrée and it was worth every penny.  I wasn't able to finish the whole thing but I can tell you that it keeps really well because I had it for breakfast this morning.  

I haven't tried anything else on the menu but if any of it is even half as a great as the schnitzel, it's gotta be pretty damn good.  

You know how every now and then you go to a place that's just starting out and you get great service and great food and you just hope that they make it?  Well this is one of those places.  I strongly suggest that you go check it out.
My husband and I just returned from dinner at Beaver Choice. We may not be authorities on Scandinavian cuisine, but we had an amazing meal prepared by an incredibly friendly family. 

From the moment we walked in the door, the family that owns the restaurant was more than inviting. They took great care and pride in explaining the menu. The restaurant has two menus: a Grab-and-Go menu that has quickly prepared and cheaper fare, and a bistro menu that offers larger dinner plates that are more expensive. The owners even offered us a sample plate (with their cured salmon, potato salad, and beet salad). The friendly service made us feel that we were guests in a family kitchen. 

After some consultation, my husband ordered the Laxpudding. The main dish is cured salmon atop a potato and egg frittata with a tangy dill flavor. I think my husband might become addicted to their salmon. He recommends that anyone who enjoys cured fish, or just fish in general, to locate a means of transportation to this restaurant immediately. In addition, the salmon comes with a tangy dill mustard that just enhances all the flavors. He had three sides with his meal: a tomato-basil salad, a spinach salad, and sauerkraut. All were home-made fresh. 

Being a vegetarian, I was more limited in my selections. However, I am told that the restaurant will offer pierogies in October, and I love pierogies. I definitely plan to return to sample some vegetarian pierogies. 

Beaver Choice has several vegetarian options on their Grab-and-Go menu. The owners explained all the vegetarian selections, and offered to let me construct a plate from any of the vegetarian options and sides. I decided to order their Harmonie plate (for only $5). It is a large plate of home-made falafels with a potato salad and a side salad. The falafels were very tasty, and the potato salad was absolutely fantastic.  

In all, we had a wonderful, home-made, fresh dinner prepared by a very friendly family. My husband is anxious to return to try more of their fish dishes and their schnitzel, and I am looking forward to some pierogies.
The first time I walked in here I felt like I was being catered to.  The family that runs the restaurant is incredibly friendly.  They offered me a free sample of their wonderful food.

I have eaten the Swedish meatball sandwich, the Swedish meatball pita and the tunbrodsrulle.  Each meal was incredible.  

The restaurant is incredibly clean, the family is very friendly, and the dessert is excellent.
I was getting an eye check up and as I am wont to do I spin the lucky wheel of Yelp (e.g. restaurants nearby) and oh my stars and garters, up comes a Scandinavian Restaurant with just great reviews! Scandinavian, I thought, in the desert? It's a 105 degrees outside and people in Scandinavia grow up near glaciers! Then the name of the place, wow! As someone else noted, it doesn't make think of food, that is for sure! However, who knows, maybe beavers are a symbol of quality when you grow up near the glaciers.

In the interest of all things foodie I headed over and entered and as others have noted, some of the friendliest people you will ever meet, you immediately feel like you are some long lost relative finally stopping by and they are so happy to see you. I told them I had discovered them on Yelp and they were thrilled. Since my eyes were completely dilated (from the eye doctor visit) I couldn't read the menu and took the advice of the mother of the family and ordered the Schnitzel cordon-blue, along with mashed potatoes, pickled green beans, basil and tomato salad and sauerkraut. I could hear them pounding the chicken for the Schnitzel and I kid you not, one of the cooks (one of the two brothers) said that was how you knew they put love into the food they made, it was all done fresh. 

Well, it was really good. The Schnitzel was huge, the mushroom gravy was well, really mushroomy in a good way. I loved the pickled cabbage and the tomato basil salad was awesome! The pickled green beans were good but could be a bit more tangy.

Oh, they also brought out the tasting menu everyone talks about. The Gravlax (2 day cured salmon) was really good with the mustard dipping sauce, the Swedish potato salad was wonderfully creamy and if you like capers, they put that in there as well. I also enjoyed the beet salad (they pickle the beets themselves because...they couldn't find any good enough, how cool is that?).

So, a delightful foody treat, one that I would never expect to find out in the desert land of Phoenix so you thank those nice people for leaving their glaciers and coming all the way out here to make such good and unique food for the people of Phoenix.  Next trip there, the double burgers with Swedish-style anchovies and mustard, wowza! :-)
What a great surprise. At first I was not sure what to expect from a "Swedish" bistro in Tempe, but I could not resist the temptation to give it a shot. On a trip down to the valley from Flagstaff, I stopped by and was amazed to find such friendly and happy Swedes in the middle of the Arizona desert hiding close to ASU in Tempe where I spent my first years in the US after moving from Sweden in 2000.  I tried one of the wraps that turned out to be just amazing. A perfect balance of very fresh crisp Swedish style vegetables with really tasty pieces of chicken and a hint of the South West, bringing back memories from Sweden and guaranteeing my return for more during my next visit to the Tempe area.  Keep up the great flavors guys.  You are very affordable too. This is a no brainer when looking for great value for money in combination with excellent food. See you again soon.
This place is great.  Their wraps are unique and fresh.  I was surprised that a Swedish/Canadian fusion restaurant had such good falafel; better than some middle eastern restaurants in town.  But hands down my favorite thing on the menu is the poutine.  It's the only place I know of in town that makes it. For those of you who don't know, poutine is french fries topped with hot brown gravy and cheese curds.  It's like the French-Canadian version of chili cheese fries, and it's delicious.  Beaver's Choice is definitely a must try, even if its just for a late night poutine snack!
I work nearby and my coworkers and I have been eyeing this place from Ted's Hot Dogs for a few weeks now. A co-worker and I finally decided to check it out today and I'm so glad we did!
It seems that all new customers are automatically entitled to try a free sample plate with potato salad, beet salad, and salmon. I'm not a salmon person, but both salads were really good. I had the meatball sub with potato salad from the Grab and Go Menu, which was pretty amazing. I admit to anticipating the potato salad as a side instead of a part of the sandwich, but the flavors worked together really well, so I didn't mind. My co-worker had the chicken pita, also from the Grab and Go Menu, and really enjoyed the marinated chicken. We shared an order of the Quebec Poutin (cheesy, gravy smothered fries), which was AMAZING (all caps). They even gave us a medium order instead of the small we actually ordered due to wait time (which, compared to most places was virtually non-existent). 
And that brings me to the service...You order at the register and, as the guy behind the counter noted, that is the only "self-serve" portion of the experience. The food is delivered as it becomes ready, and there are free refills. All of the staff were genuinely nice and very helpful. We even got the history behind the name and the mascot (I'll leave it to you to ask when you go). The atmosphere was clean and refreshing, with local art on the walls. Overall, the experience was...(you guessed it) amazing!!! Can't wait to go back and try the dinner/bistro menu soon!
Beaver Choice?

Uh...Yes, Please!

I thought it was a question...a natural mistake.

You see, I love Beavers...after all, I come from Oregon, the Beaver State (state motto - "M'mmmmm, that's some mighty tasty Beaver") and I have spent so many years pursuing Beavers, frolicking with Beavers, really, just delighting in Beavers in all their many guises!

I have stalked, trapped and released back into the wild...(I'm a conservationist) more Beavers than I can count...from adorable Golden Beavers and the elusive California Shaved Beaver to the wild and wily Crimson "Fire" Beaver...I guess you could say that I am Beaver enthusiast!

The Beautiful Carin put an end to my halcyon days of hunting wild Beavers...really, I'm much happier for it...and calmer.

That said, I was going to drop by Ted's for a wiener at lunch and saw the sign for this adorable little place (I personally think that it's no coincidence that Beaver Choice occupies a cozy little spot very near Ted's Wiener Emporium), and I thought, "Donald, let's go get us some Beaver".

Well, it turns out that Beaver Choice is a terrific little Scandinavian restaurant...for Scandinavians...like me!

As I looked over the menu, I saw things I hadn't seen since I was a kid...things I hadn't seen since I was last at that great Smorgasbord place back in Portland that I can't remember the name of...the stuff that Nordic dreams are made of!

Gravlax, Kåldolmar, Laxpudding, Fylld Lövbiff...and fries!

I had a smoked salmon sandwich that was well made, tasty and filling (oh, don't worry...I didn't upset the subtle forces of nature by eating too healthily...I had fries, too!).

While they do have several vegetarian options on the lunch menu, I would remind you that the sweet little family that owns and operates Beaver Choice is Swedish (by way of Poland)...Scandahoovian...like me...and we never met a vegetable or fruit that we didn't think was better boiled, fried, baked, distilled or fermented...just sayin.

But I am going back...the only thing better would be if these guys would open up a smorgasbord place...but then they would have to contend with me pretty much wallowing in the buffet tables...and nobody wants to see that.

Drop by Beaver Choice the next time you are in that part of the world!

Even if you're not a Beaver Enthusiast (like I am), I'm sure you'll find something to eat.
I must add my 5-star recommendation to this marvelous little establishment.  And it is little  - 5 or 6 tables.

As others have said, the "free sample" is very tasty.   And the people running the place are genuinely nice people.

I had the Pork Schnitzel with morel mushroom sauce, side of dill mashed potatoes, and my three choices of salad were spinach with garlic vinaigrette, tomato and basil salad, and green peas.  It was about $12 with tax.

VERY yummy.  I wiped my plate clean.

One MINOR negative issue:  The mashed potatoes could have used a little more butter.  They were a tad (small tad) dry-ish.  But there was plenty of mushroom gravy to soak them in, so it made up for that.  So that's why the place still gets 5 stars, even with a minor issue.

i will go back soon with my kiddos and introduce them to this very good little place to eat.

Oh - and while I was in there, three college-aged young gentlemen had just wrapped up their meal and were complimenting the chef for the awesomeness of their meals.  Always good to see that.

Go eat there - you won't be disappointed.
I love this place.  I went there with 5 others (parents, sister, brother in law, and wife) a few weeks ago due to the reviews it had received on Yelp.  Well, the name caught our attention as well.  

The food is different than what you will find anywhere else in Phoenix but anyone with a somewhat open mind about food will be impressed.  The standouts were the chicken schnitzel cordon blue, the laxpudding, seared gravlax, and the cabbage rolls.  Be sure to save a little room for the Beaver Supreme for desert.  Yum!

The star of the show though is the family that runs the place.  This isn't a super well oiled corporate food machine but it is like going to some friends family dinner.  The timing of the dishes wasn't perfect but it worked out great since we were all able to try each others dishes.  Everyone one of them make you feel welcome and appreciated which goes a long long way in a valley of restaurants with either non-caring staff or staff with attitudes.  

All in all, the food and family are great and they make you immediately feel welcome.  I wish them much success.
After seeing the sign for Beaver Choice a few months ago, I had been eager to give it a try. I finally got the chance today. 

I was impressed before even ordering. The guy behind the counter was very friendly and ready to offer suggestions. When I inquired about the salmon, he gave me a sample (along with beet and potato salads.)

The salmon was so delicious, I ended up ordering the Swedish cured salmon sandwich (complete with a sweet dill mustard dressing.) My lovely dining partner ordered the Fresh Mozzarella, salami, tomato
& basil sandwich and we decided to share an order of poutine. We both enjoyed the sandwiches and loved the poutine! 

Almost as enjoyable as the food was the service. This restaurant is owned by a family who has lived in several parts of the world. They are very friendly and willing to bend over backwards for the customers.

I am excited to go back and delight in more dishes on the menu.
YUM YUM YUM.

I couldn't stop talking about this place after I left... it was that good.  On Friday, my friend and I were on our way to go to a haunted house and she asked if I wanted to go eat some Scandinavian food.  I said what many people here in Phoenix may say and replied, "what the heck is Scandinavian food?"

Wow.  I am so glad I didn't bail on dinner.  

1) The place:  The place doesn't exactly look like some great restaurant because it is in the middle of a small strip mall and my friend directed me by saying "next to the dollar store."  However, do not let the outside appearance fool you, because deliciousness awaits inside.  The inside is clean, very straightforward, and decorated with original paintings by someone named "Maria Fry" and IKEA tables.  I like my surroundings to be basic, and my food to be bold.  That is when you can expect your food to be made with HEART. 

2) The staff:  The place is owned by a family from Sweden and they also lived in Canada for a bit (from what they tell me).  The son offers samples which is amazing because places do not do that anymore.  It is nice to know that the family is willing to whip up an amuse-bouche at the snap of a finger.  While my friend and I were standing there getting the menu details from the "captivating business man" son, I could see the family in the back, ready to make me the meal of my life.  They all had smiles, excited to aid me in my Scandinavian food adventure.

3) The food:  I got the "Kötbullar: Swedish Meatballs" which is described on the menu as: Cardamom meatballs - served traditionally with cream sauce, mashed potatoes and lingon berry preserve.

Now I have had alot of meatballs, especially in Italy, and these were definitely authentic.  I could tell the meatballs were homemade - seasoned - rolled - and cooked all by hand.  My favorite thing about the meatballs is that they were not tough or rubbery, but rather almost "fluffy" and juicy.  The sauce is like a gravy, think and creamy (mushroom?), I could have drank the stuff it was so delicious.  Mashed potatoes are complimentary to the gravy and they even have fresh seasoning in them --- something very rare in restaurants these days.  Cranberry sauce is a perfect tangy sweetness and I ate it with a bite of meatball and potatoes almost every time.  For about $10, I got all of that (2 scoops of potatoes) as well as 3 different side salad dishes!  The marinated green beans, homemade coleslaw (well everything was homemade so i should probably stop saying that haha!) and tomato salad was included in the meal!  The tomato salad was a bit peppery, but I guess I have been exposed to good tomatoes in Italy so I am a bit biased :).  I could only eat about 2/3's because it was fresh, filling, and amazing.  

My friend ordered off the 'grab and go' menu.  She got the Swedish pita and it was great!  She devoured it leaving no bite behind.  I think besides the meatballs being spectacular, there was an amazing tzatziki sauce on it.  When I compare this pita to the pitas I have eaten in AZ, Michigan, Italy, and Greece, what I appreciate the most is that Beaver Choice's pita is not greasy at all!!  It is filling and didn't make her feel like she just ate a cow afterwards.  I cannot wait to grab this to-go during lunch sometime!

I appreciate good, clean food, especially when you can taste the fact that they made and marinated everything by hand, fresh.  I cannot wait to go back and try the lunch menu :)

PS. Try the beet salad... so good, and I do not normally even like beets!

I found the menu at: http://www.beaverchoice.com/
Beaver Choice?  I'm not sure what role a beaver would choose in opening up a sandwich/Scandinavian restaurant in a strip mall in Arizona, and I'm also not sure what choice a beaver would make to serve something other than twigs and leaves, but hey, who am I to judge?

That being said, this restaurant serves delicious Swedish food at reasonable prices.  Plus, they have poutine (fries covered with gravy and cheese)!  The family used to live in Quebec and served poutine to the university students that lived nearby, so it is authentic stuff here.  

As for the Swedish items on the menu, I had heard on TV about the monstrous late night food Tunnbrodsrulle, a European style hotdog wrapped with mashed potatoes, veggies, dressing, and shrimp salad, but I had never thought I would actually get to try one without actually going to Sweden.  The ingredients sound like a weird combo, but when trying it, somehow all those ingredients seem to work to make a tasty "wrap".  The wrap was so big I could only finish about 1/3.  I also had the Beaver Choice dessert and it was delicious.  It consists of meringue, chocolate, whipped cream, and mandarin orange layered on top of one another- it is crunchy, sweet, tangy, perfect.

The family here is so nice, and they really want to make everything perfect for you.  They make everything from scratch, and they even cure their own salmon for gravlox.  I highly recommend this restaurant, and will definitely be coming here to get more delicious food!

P.S.  If you get the dinner menu to go, they give you 10% off of their already reasonable prices.
So, I've been back a few times to the Beaver Choice.  OK, more like once or twice a week.  Everybody seems to be finding out about the place.  What is most encouraging to me is that students are finding the place.

Also, on most every visit, I run into a Swede or Norwegian who are checking the place out.  What this means to me is one more Tempe restaurant with a bright future...and that's great...for me!
I recommend this place to everybody I know. Lovely family owns the place who are super nice and always willing to recommend what to try and what to pair with everything. Between my friends and I, I've tried the pork schnitzel cordon bleu, the stuffed steak, the flying jacob (or something like that), the pork schnitzel, the beaver supreme, and the swedish meatballs. Everything has been wonderful and extremely tasty (I've also heard that the gravlax is immense). Everything tastes homemade. I don't know if that explains it well enough, but when I eat there I feel like it's not restaurant food that's been dunked in butter and swiped clean from the actual feel of "food." 

It is a much smaller place as some other reviewers have said, be aware of that if you're planning on bringing a larger group. Some of the items do have to be prepared then and can take a while to make, but these are marked clearly on the menu. The prices may seem a little high but remember that you get your meal, and basically four sides with the dinner entrees. I know they sell sandwiches at lunch but have not yet tried those.  

Anyways, I can't recommend the place highly enough. I'll continue bringing my friends in the hopes that this place stays going.
Where to start?  Let's try here: 
- the family who runs the shop are amazingly friendly and helpful.  LOVE THEM
- the food is great and unique - you probably haven't had anything like it, and you need to change that
- I don't know what a beaver has to do with anything, but he's cute so who cares
- Don't let the weird plaza scare you, the place is great, and you should definitely eat in to get the full experience (crazy how good the food is becoming in this weird plaza - Ted's, Papaya, wow!)

I recommend you get over to Beaver Choice now so you can say "Remember when they were in that little location over on..."
This is VERY authentic Scandinavian food!
We have been to Sweden multiple times and, since moving to Phoenix, have bemoaned the fact that there is no Scandinavian food (unless you count IKEA).  I was thrilled to discover this place.

The pytt i panna and Laxpudding both were seasoned very similar to dishes we've ate in Sweden.  Delicious!

Let us also say that we've ate at very posh Scandinavian restaurants in New York City and this is, by far, the most authentic Swedish food we've tried.  The family who runs Beaver Choice is warm, helpful, and accommodating.  We will be going back frequently.
What a little gem!  Felt adventurous for lunch and ended up at the Beaver!  Homemade Pierogi with muchroom gravy.  Swedish meatballs with lingonberry.  CUTEST family that runs this place.  Oh! and the sample plate was great and made me have the beet salad which was sooooo good!
Ditto to what every one else has said; this place is definitely worth checking out (and re-visiting in my case!). 

In short, the food was great & reasonably priced too. My exposure to Scandenavian cuisine has been limited to Ikea, so it's nice to have somewhere that offers a little bit of Sweden right down the street from my house.

Even better than the food was the service. The family that runs the place is adorable & eager to please. They take care to give all patrons A+ service, and this certainly made an impression on me.

No doubt about it, I'll be returning with by friends to try the desserts (as I was too stuffed from my gigantic meal to even try and tackle the sweet treats!)
Who would ever guess that Beaver Choice was a Scandinavian restaurant? And across the parking lot from Ted's Hot Dogs? The convoluted naming history apparently originated from the Mascot of a University they originally were sited near in Canada. But beavers and hot dogs and Massage in the same center?

The food is unusually wonderful and  . . . unusual. The family cooks and servers are over the top friendly offering samples and telling you about all of their offerings. 

The atmosphere is uncomfortably stark, sterile, and small (less than 400 ft2). Their obvious target customer is take-it-out since they offer a 10% discount if you take-it-out. It is not a restaurant you go to to relax, sit back, and enjoy. It is so small we watched as the cook dipped his ladle into the pot, then tasted the contents, tapped the ladle on the side of the pot, added something else, tasted, tapped, and added several more times before going to another pot and repeating the process - yikes! Do yourself a favor, take the seat facing the window.
Great and friendly service and even better food.  Everything is prepared on the spot and has a delicious home cooked taste.  Personal favorites: Gravlax, Schnitzel Cordon Bleu, and Pork Tenderloin.  At the same time I always try to order a new dish because all plates are phenomenal.  The portions are huge but I  suggest saving room for dessert because it's also fresh made and the type you only find at a European baker (especially the Pannacota with lime & berries).
Hey this place got reviewed in the AZ Republic!
http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/2010/11/29/20101129beaver-choice-tempe-review.html

Check out the link!
if you're looking for Scandinavian food i can't imagine there are any other places to go.  so naturally this is the best this city has to offer.  small.  sterile, fast, and moderately priced.  all things ikea naturally....lol  but the food and the staff are the real stars here.  
overly friendly staff, family of fun swedes !  mom is great and the spokesperson, christian takes the orders and is more than talkative and charming.  plus he was wearing a santa hat!  i got the special, which was a meat perogie plus peas, saurkraut and cole slaw....all really tasty.  my friends got a chicken schnitzel and some swedish meatballs.  and wow!  all the food was really great!  the mashed potatoes were delicious and hey this is not your typical strip mall food flavors.  so it was a big bonus to discover this place.  and like most others who are writing reviews it's prob. gonna be a place i will revisit.  bring some out of town visitors here to give some them something unique .
OK folks on Yelp!  Help me out here.  I go to the Beaver Choice quite often and have noticed as more and more people go to the place, fewer and fewer people understand what the place is about.

The Beaver Choice is made to order homemade food.  They peel and boil their own potatoes.  They make their own sauces.  Everything is fresh.  I have seen restaurants popping cooking bags into a microwave or broiler oven.  Sure, it's quick, but it's not homemade and it tastes mushy and bland.

So, I waited 40 minutes last Wednesday for my meal.  I sat at a big table for 8, first by myself and then joined by some other people.  We chatted, got to know each other and as we made some conversation...I realized how loud the restaurant was.  Everyone was talking.  Sure some were eating, some were, like us, waiting for their order, but we were all talking at a restaurant. It was like being back in the Midwest.  That joyful noise!

As was said about another local place, Monarch Cafe, in a recent interview.  If you go there at noon and expect to get out by 12:45p, this is not going to be your place.  Sure, the Beaver Choice has a Grab and Go menu with wraps and sandwiches, but it's meant for "to go."  If you want the schnitzel or the pork tenderloin in the gin and cream sauce, it is definitely worth the wait.

So, yes, you will most likely wait a little longer than some other restaurants.  And yes, the wait will be worth it.  Homemade and made to order will take a little longer, but it will most certainly be worth it.  And you might just meet a few really great people sitting next to you.
The food at Beaver Choice Scandinavian Bistro is delicious; a little unusual, but easily understood. Hearty and reasonably priced. You can find out all about it at azcentral.com in an article by Howard Seftel. Then, after reading this survival guide, you should go and try it.

     Things you will need:
 1. An afternoon or evening with no commitments other than your meal. This could take a long, long time.
 2. A pen and a piece of paper on which to write your order (along with an alternate choice).
 3. Dining companions who all enjoy the same foods and are willing to eat off the same plate.
 4. A snack to tide you over until your food arrives.
 5. A sense of humor (but try not to laugh out loud),

     Here's our experience:

     Four of us entered the small, 20 seat restaurant at 12:10. There were six other people seated at the minimalist glass top tables. A large, and very appetizing looking catering order was taking up another table. We were given menus and told to order at the counter. There were many, many choices of entrees (a few warned that they would take between 20 and 35 minutes to prepare - we avoided those), and each one came with a choice of four side dishes. You can see why a paper and pen might come in handy. Ken went to place our order, but he had to wait for three other people who had arrived before him. It took a while.  Then he was told that my entree choice was not available because they had run out of gravlax. I came up with another selection, and Ken went back to the counter - where another group of people had taken his place and were ordering. Another wait, then my second choice wasn't available either. The sauce had to be reduced and wouldn't be ready until Tuesday. I figured I'd be safe with a third choice of Swedish meatballs, so I yelled over to Ken who saw that each of our orders was being written on a separate piece of paper. Odd.

     We settled in to wait for our food. Our drinks were brought to the table. Sena's eyes popped when she sipped the pitch black coffee. The waitress said it was always that strong and that there was no milk or half and half available, but she could bring out some heavy cream. I noticed that food was coming out of the kitchen painfully slowly. One dish to one table, a while later, one dish to a different table. Companions were left twiddling their thumbs. It so reminded me of Hell's Kitchen - I could hear Gordon Ramsey going ballistic: "Shut it down you &*#$%!!!!" . At about 1 PM my Swedish Meatballs were delivered. I put the plate in the middle of the table and invited everybody to dig in. Luckily the servings are large. We finished that off and waited another ten minutes before Sena's chicken schnitzel arrived. That too was shared. At about 1:35 Ken's entree was brought. That left Leon, who had ordered Tilapia. We flagged down the owner and told her that we had a 2 PM engagement and would like our remaining dish. She said she'd look into it, went into the kitchen and was not seen again. A while later another staff member came over and told us that there had been a large catering order, that they had only a six burner stove  and that 2 employees had called in sick. I mentioned that I didn't think it was right to serve some people at a table and not others. "This is the way we do it, we're not going to change it, and Howard Seftel thought it was all right", was the emphatic reply. More waiting. At 1:50 a different staff member came over and said it would be a few more minutes. To our disconcerted rumblings he said - and you're not going to believe this - "The fish has to be defrosted slowly because of the parasites...."  At this point, I'll confess, I started to laugh loudly and somewhat
hysterically. It may have been rude, but I couldn't help myself. 

     We were out of time, so Leon decided he'd take the fish to go. Ken went up to the counter and gave one of my Valley Vittles cards to the "parasite" staff member, saying that the food was great but the service terrible. At which point the staff member had a melt-down, yelled at Ken to get out of his restaurant, then went slamming through the kitchen kicking something on the way out. 

     This was truly one of the oddest dining experiences I've ever had. Very Alice in Wonderland. But if you go equipped with the five items mentioned above, you'll have some excellent food.
Following up on the recent review by another Yelper:

This is not a "fast food sit-down" experience.  Food is cooked when you order, by a small but caring staff, and the dishes come out when they are ready.  

Nothing is going to sit for a while under a heat lamp until every dish for that table is ready.

It's more of a "sit down and stay a while" experience, especially if there are several groups in the place at the time.

So, adapt accordingly, and you will love the food here and the people who run the place just like all the other 5-star reviewers before you.
Oh my!!!!!
We just learned recently, The Beaver Choice does catering as well.  We took a "small" Sandwich Cake"...IT WAS HUGE and a HUGE hit at the Christmas Party we went to last evening.  Everyone was in awe of it.  How do I describe such a thing.  Let me try.  Lots of delicious sandwich spreads,,,really more like salads...you know egg, tuna or crab salad.  They even make them with ham or roast beef too.  

Ours had tuna and egg salad nestled between cake layers of bread,  Then to top it off...a light spread of mayonnaise as frosting and then it was topped with shrimp, dill sprigs and some luscious caviar as well.

We talked to Hannah a few days in advance of our party and she handled everything.  The "cake" was ready when we arrived shortly after 5p yesterday and was kept cool in their refrigerator case.  It was stunningly beautiful and I regret only that I forgot to get a picture of it.

The cake is beautiful to look at and people at the party certainly ate first with their eyes and then of course, they devoured it quickly.

Just a note.  A sandwich cake is not finger food and will require a plate and fork.  But oh, so delicious.  It was a creative and unique culinary highlight to the evening.

Thanks so much for your work on this.  It made the party so much more festive.  Way to go!
Silly name, friendly staff, small interior, generous portion, fresh flavorful ingredients, good value for the money. I had the Gordon's Wrap off the to-go menu - seasoned chicken (thigh?), lettuce, tomato, cucumber, potato salad wrapped in a tortilla. It came out within a few minutes. Only downside was that it was a bit messy and falling apart with all that goodness contained by a thin tortilla, but quite tasty! I couldn't imagine staying for a sit-down meal because as others have mentioned it feels more like a carry-out place, but I may have to try it next time. Oh, and they have signs up saying they are addressing concerns about the wait times for orders which I think shows they care. Good for them -hope it works.
This is my hands-down favorite restaurant. It's not the most speedy, but as one reviewer said it never sees a heat lamp - straight from the stove to your table.
I love this place like crazy wild good times. It's not open on Mondays and that makes me sad. For some reason I always want to front-load my week with some Beaver Choice. But the fact that they have the only authentic Scandinavian food for miles (suck it, IKEA!) makes up for this common small biz quirk. Plus it's owned by some of the hardest working, nicest folks in the business. Real Swedes making real Swedish food that will bend over backwards to make sure you're satisfied with your experience.

Get the gravlax. The lady in charge buys only the best and cures it by hand, and for the price there's no better lox in town. Get the schnitzel. Get the lunch wraps for super cheap. Just get your ass there. It's freakin' fantastic and you will not regret the decision. 

Be forewarned that this place is a walk-up, order-at-the-counter type joint. It's not full service so you won't be bothered every two seconds to see if "everything's okay" when you have a mouthful of Swedish meat-a-balls. You might have to get up and, like, walk back to the counter if you want a refill of something. Oh the horror.

In parting, do it. Do it fast. Do it furious. And do it with great frequency.

Beaver Choice!!
Buying Gift Certificates for my friends from the Beaver Choice!  I just found out yesterday, they HAVE GIFT CERTIFICATES!!!  Now, I can introduce my friends to this fabulous food.  Consider yourself lucky if you are on Santa's Nice List!!!!
The hubs and I were looking for something delicious and local and so we turned to Yelp for help. Once again, Yelpers, you have helped us discover one of the wonders of the world. Beaver Choice is the best place in Tempe for eats. Hands down! We were greeted by a heart-warmingly kind Swedish family that cooks Scandinavian food with pride and care. We were immediatley welcomed, offered samples, patiently guided through the menu. I asked the darling guy at the counter what he had for dinner and he said he had the schnitzel cordon bleu. Done, I said. The hubs cannot pass up a meatball opportunity, so he had the swedish meatball plate. They schnitzel cordon bleu is UNBELIEVABLE, people. I dare anyone not to love it. Crisped, tender, juicy schnitzel, high quality, smoky ham and a dash of brie, accompanied by a heavenly, light, mushroom sauce. Oh, god. I'm not describing this right, You have to try it. Wow. Okay I'm going after I finish this review. Served with the giant double-portion of stuffed schnitzel were a basil-tomato salad, a coleslaw chock full of fresh dill and a bean salad featuring chopped parsely. The fresh herbs were so amazing alongside the hearty meat dish. Just delicious. It also came with a side of rosti'--a sort of hash brown cooked in some butter to a crisp. The hub's meatball plate was outstanding as well, but you'll have to ask him about it--my meal was too incredible to look away from. 

Bottom line: Kind people, amazing food, huge portions, reasonable prices. This is as good as it gets. My choice will always be Beaver.
Yes really one star...there food is generous portions (albeit very salty), cheap and pretty tasty. However operationally they are an EPIC fail. The three of us waited 5 minutes for drinks, 20 minutes for the first entree, additional 10 minutes for second entree and even an additional 10 minutes for the third entree. Orders were wrong, some of the food was cold (e.g. peas, etc.), never got offered refills, ordering is slow confusing arduous process, fishing for entrees (server doesn't know who has what), all empty tables were filthy (we started to clean the one we were sitting at), etc.  I could be forgiving given that the this is a strip mall bistro but not with everything going wrong (especially the wait times). They could really use Gordon Ramsey to fix the operational problems. 

Other than being tasty the food was good including the Swedish meatballs, pork schnitzel and hash entrees (the hash was especially salty and even on the spicy side). The sides ranged from mediocre (e.g. cold peas) to pretty decent (e.g. pan fried potatoes, mashed potatoes, slaw, etc.). The plates are large and full and certainly could be shared between two people and the price is pretty reasonable.  However it is just tough to get around dirty tables and the wait. So unless I am itching for Swedish food I'll pass on Beaver Choice.
Food is excellent-- 4 stars.  Service was terrible--0 stars.  Timing between all of us getting out main dishes was 15-20 (i.e. none of our main dishes came at the same time).  BTW, the name of this place is not great and from a marketing perspective, does not make sense.
We stopped by based on Yelp reviews about a month ago. We loved this place, it's got a real great feel, from the friendly staff who are passionate about their food and explain the process, offer samples to the fact that they clearly are swedes. The food was excellent. Our entrees did not come out together, but the staff explained that they bring the food out as it's ready, and since they do as much as possible from scratch, the dishes have different preparation time. Having all the food at the same time is nice, but I'll take this authentic style over heat and serve mass productions.
The food and staff rate 5 stars. The only downsides to me, were the Ikea-style plastic furniture and coffee in styrofoam cups - a little investment on both would make this an absolute solid five-star bistro!
This is great when you are in the mood for something different.  As with any family-run hole in the wall, service can be slow, so be prepared.  What the staff lacked in speed, they made up for in charm and smiles.  The food was good, but nothing that wowed me.  I had the pierogis while my friend had swedish meatballs.  Both dishes were tasty, as were the side dishes.  One thing that was disappointing was that the food was a a little cold (lukewarm) when it came out.  Maybe the chef or the staff was having an off day.  The restaurant itself is bright and clean.  I will go back again when I feel like eating outside the box.
What a great little spot! I don't often eat Scandinavian food, but that might all change after today. The family that runs Beaver Choice has charmed me with their delicious food and friendly spirits. I can agree with some other reviews and say that the food did take a good amount of time to get served, but Beaver Choice has heard that cry and they are trying to work on it (Also, when I ordered off of the Grab & Go menu, I got my sandwich very quickly). 

The lady and I ordered a Swedish Meatball Pita and the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu to share. The food knocked the socks off anything IKEA had to offer in it's cafeteria! The pita was loaded, and I mean loaded with fresh veggies and about three meatballs per half. For a mere $5, that's a steal for a sandwich that doesn't make you feel like you just ate a grease-soaked sponge. Now, make sure you go before 6pm if that sparked you're interest because they switch to the dinner-only menu after that. What about the schnitzel, you ask? Yum! It was basically a flattened cordon bleu covered in a very nice mushroom sauce. Every bite was very tasty, but there is a pork variation that I wish we would have gotten. Apparently the owners put the chicken version on the menu to appease non-pork eating individuals, so the pork is the original for them. Along with the schnitzel there were a few different salads (all of which were fresh loaded with crisp red onion) and a side of pan-fried thyme potatoes. I want to just eat a big bowl of those because they were that good to me. They were simple, light and flavorful.

Beaver Choice. Remember that name and go check it out! It was good, but be patient. They are new and they'll get their groove thang going soon enough. Lastly, make sure you write them a review! I know I can't be the only one to be excited about multiple "schnitzel" references in a single review!
We had to be patient because it was pretty busy and their ordering system was a bit chaotic.

I ordered the chicken cordon bleu and the bf ordered the burger with cognac dressing.

Our salads were spinach, tomato basil, peas, and green beans. Stay away from the green beans, they were terrible - however everything else was tasty.

The owner offered us samples of salmon, beet salad and potato salad. I like it all might try it next time. The mashed potatoes were delish not too buttery which I like. The ambiance was super weird in my opinion, nothing matched, the colors were off...but I saw the "regulars" and newbies and it was nice to support a local new restaurant.

The "waitress" had on this weird smock that the owners make her wear and it seemed a tad humiliating...I'm a little split on this place, a lot of good but a lot of weird/bad things made me feel funny.

Hopefully they will find their groove soon and make it a more smoother and enjoyable experience.
beaver choice is not a restaurant, it's an experience!  yeah, it takes a while, and it is a bit chaotic, BUT the food is amazing, the people are hilarious.  if you just decide to pull the stick out of your ass and relax, you can't help but smile the entire time you are there.

be sure to try the (life changing) potato salad
and the beaver balls are also quite delicious

beaver choice is the only choice
Just go here, now. I really mean it.....go.

Real Scandinavian folk, homemade and insanely good food.

Be prepared to wait a bit for your food. Each dish is made to order so enjoy some good conversation in the mean time.
The family here really made me feel at home. They also did a great job of making me feel like a valued guest. I had the pork schnitzel cordon bleu. It was awesome, I pretty much ate every morsel that was served.
Had captains fish and poutine...both were very good.  The sauerkraut tasted homemade and the cheese Kurds were different!  The place is run by a small Swedish family, very friendly but amateurs for sure; adds to the charm of the place.  Very small only 4 to 5 tables from ikea :-)
Not really vegetarian friendly bi
Ut Bo surprise there!  I would go again!
Sometimes, it is just wonderful to be alive.  Actually, all the time it's wonderful to be alive.  Life is amazing, the weather is gorgeous outside, I am or think I am getting better at tennis, my girlfriend loves her job and I love that she is bringing in money for the first time in 5 years, 3 years later I can finally convince myself that bright red is not too girly a color for the car I drive, and I found a restaurant that serves food so good that I want to photoshop some incriminating photos of the husband so that I can court the owner-chef Hanna, marry her, and keep all her food to myself.  As that would be a terrible thing to do and that I don't think I'm really spouse material and that I have no game whatsoever, instead I will eat here whenever I think I deserve an amazing meal and spread the word on how awesome Beaver Choice is!

On to my actual experience, I start with a phone call asking general questions about their restaurant, and engage in a nearly 8 minute dialogue analyzing what I like and ordering based upon their recommendation.  This also creates a 10% discount by ordering over the phone for pick up off their bistro menu, which is nice for my lunch hour.  I wound up picking the Chicken with Cardamom
sauce, perfectly seared slices of chicken then simmered
in cardamom accented, heavy creme sauce.  The chicken was perfectly cooked, with the seared outside giving a pleasant mouthfeel, yielding to the moist and tender inner portion, all swimming in that wonderful sauce.  You can choose a side dish and 3 portions of salad to go with your entree.  Couscous was heavenly, absorbing all the juices of the chicken and mopping up the sauce in its fluffy goodness.  Tomato-basil salad was fine, but too peppery.  The spinach salad was straightforward and competent, and home-made coleslaw was tastier than most I've had.  Very filling and extremely satisfying, I would bathe in that cardamom sauce if I could.  

One note I need to make, a previous review had slammed Hanna for tasting something she was making, and using the same spoon for tasting something else.  When I arrived I mentioned I heard about them on Yelp and mentioned this review, which prompted resulted in me being ushered into her kitchen to proudly display a set of about a dozen spoons at the ready for tasting.  Also of note there are no microwaves!  The pride in their food is entirely justified, yelpers.  The only thing to be aware of is the time involved to prepare your food, but ordering in will alleviate that, or simply set aside plenty of time.  

Choose Beaver Choice.  You won't regret it.
Don't let the name deceive you. Beaver Choice is an EXCELLENT dining experience. 

My girlfriend and I decided on a whim to give it a shot (after making the obligatory puns and double entendre's on the name). After staring at the menu for two minutes, trying desperately to decipher what we were to have, we gave up and asked the guy behind the counter's advice. His name was Chris and he was extremely helpful. He sold us with free samples, rather than descriptions of the plate. 

I ordered the gravlax; my girlfriend ordered the laxpudding. We entrusted the quality of our meal to the word of Chris and the small sample we tasted, because, in my mind, the ingredients had no business being together in one dish. Both dishes were based on lox, aka smoked salmon. 

We were both pleasantly surprised at the dish that greeted each of us a few minutes later. The food was EXCELLENT! And while not the cheapest dinner in the world, you get an enormous bang for your buck. Your plate is literally stacked with food. Kudos if you finish it all. 

Bottomline: Beaver Choice has a weird-ass name, but it serves some of the best food in Tempe. We will be back for sure, and I encourage each of you to give it a shot. I guarantee you won't come away disappointed!
Had lunch here with two friends. We arrived right at opening time (noon on Sunday) and, as expected, there was a bit of a wait for our food. But the wait was definitely worth it! With such an interesting menu I'll definitely be back!
I'm sorry but I just did not like this place. The staff was very friendly. But the food. Not to my liking. My BF enjoyed his burger. The fries with gravy were OK, but didn't have a lot of flavor. I thought everything was pretty bland.
Very yummy! That is all I can say. Well, come with patience. :)
We found this places by mistake.  Service was awesome, portions were huge. We got the perogies,corden bleu, and poutin and the desserts looked amazing. Ill be there again!
I first visited Beaver Choice on a whim a few months back when I was searching for something new to try. I called in on a Friday night and ended up ordering the Swedish-cured Salmon Sandwich following a recommendation from the person over the phone. I am thrilled that I made this choice and thoroughly enjoyed my generous portion of excellent cured salmon. In the weeks to follow, I returned twice more to Beaver Choice, each time ordering a new dish. The Chicken Cordon Bleu was fantastic and lived up to all of my expectations, while the Laxpudding was just as savory and delicious as was described to me by the son of the owners. I feel fortunate to live in such close proximity to Beaver Choice and I absolutely love every single menu item I have sampled in my many visits. They are exceedingly friendly, open, and honest when meeting with customers. Anyone who complains about service or wait times has only themselves to blame. If they tell you over the phone that the wait could be at least 90 minutes, they mean it! That's the result of every dish being made on the spot and to perfection. They do not cut corners and they do not deviate from recipe. I have nothing but good things to say about this establishment. Their desserts are likewise delectable and the cooks are always willing to allow you to sample a dish if you're indecisive about anything (ex: my girlfriend had never had a swedish meatball and wanted me to order some, I simply asked one of the sons if it would be possible to sample one and they included it with my meal without so much as a second thought and no charge). Upon my next visit I MUST try their Lemon, Herbs, Olive Oil, and Pink Pepper Marinated Salmon as I have yet to be fortunate enough to visit on a date when they have not completely sold out of this menu item! I cannot wait for my next meal at Beaver Choice and I suggest anyone/everyone give it a try if you truly enjoy delicious, homemade food.
I am now asking myself why it took so long to make the first trip to Beaver Choice.  Live and learn, my friends, live and learn.

To break my Swedish cuisine cherry I ordered the standard Kotbullar (Swedish meatball) plate.  It came with 3 side salads, a side and a small dish of very tart lingon berry preserve.  For the salads I chose tomato-basil salad, home made coleslaw and green peas.  For the side I chose two scoops of dill mashed potatoes.  All made perfect company for the 6 meatballs that served as the focal point of the dish.  The food was very good for $11.21 I had a hearty lunch that will surely hold me over for quite some time.  My belly is full and I feel like a nap (if only I was not departing for work shortly!).

Service was top notch.  The kid working the register was very friendly and answered my questions pertaining to the menu.  He was friendly and chatty with all customers.  I was told my lunch would take 15 minutes but it was more like 10.  There looks to be a few complaints here regarding service time but there's always a wait for good food.  If you want pre-cooked meals sitting under a UV light then go to McDonald's.

A nice touch is the IKEA decor.  Tables, chairs, table service and little Swedish flags.  Fitting.

I will be back at Beaver Choice in the not too distant future.  The only debate will be getting the meatballs again or trying something new.
Everything was great here. If you're missing northern European fare, you'll hit the jackpot with this place. They have pirogies! Ohhh...sweet pirogies.
Everything was amazing and I don't mind the long wait because the food is totally worth it, if you can't call in your order before hand. The staff and owner are very interesting to talk to and love what they do. I'll be going back!
Hands down some of the best food in the valley. Even if you're not familiar with Scandinavian cuisine the staff is extremely helpful/friendly and there are a wealth of more traditional options.

The food is fresh, carefully prepared, absolutely delicious and served up with great sides. 

My favorite? The surf and turf hamburger (one of the only hamburgers I've never felt the need to put catchup on btw), served with the (included) couscous side, steamed broccoli, green peas, and green beans.  

Like all good food, it takes time to prepare. While this isn't the ideal place if you're in a rush, if you enjoy friendly people and good food made with loving care - this is definitely a must visit.  Hands down one of Tempe's hidden gems.
So I went here tonight with a friend. I was really excited and nervous to try this place after reading the reviews. So you walk in and walk up to the counter to order. I got the chicken with cardamom sauce and my friend got a hamburger (boring!). So you also get to choose a side and three salads. I got the mashed potatoes, the tomato and basil salad, the spinach, and the broccoli. So the chicken was really good, especially with the mashed potatoes. As good as this was, though, the salads were the best part. The tomato basil was really flavorful and fresh and the spinach was really good with the honey mustard dressing. The broccoli was just that, plain broccoli... so not awesome, but not bad. My friend really enjoyed his burger and said that he does not usually like salad, but liked the salads here. So overall this place was really good and I will definitely be back to try other menu items in the future. All the people who work there are really friendly and they all have accents... very authentic. Oh, and I didn't try them, but they also sell chocolate beaver balls... actual name.
OMG I love this place. Places like these are the kind I live for. Its the diamond in the rough, the hole in the wall, the place you aren't too sure about and find that you love. The staff is incredibly polite, accommodating, and helpful. When we went in we were on a diet. We walked in close to closing time, but were more than happy to serve us anything we wanted. They were happy to make us fresh food that suited our diet. Anything that we were interested in that didn't fit the needs of our diet, they were eager to make what we wanted work or make other suggestions. The food is delicious. I can't wait to go back to this place again and again and again.
I had a ball here. The staff is just a family that loves making their special food for you.

It is different too. I've never had anything like it and I don't know anywhere else in town that has something this different. But then again, I might not get out much! Ha!

Get here now!
On a fine Saturday had to make it out to this spot I kept hearing Beaver Choice is the best... I entered the restaurant everyone was so friendly you could tell everyone cared about what they were doing and wanted to put out the best product they could. I ordered the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon-Bleu (Half a pound double chicken schnitzel stuffed with French brie cheese and black forest ham served with a mushroom sauce. Severed with one side I went with the Pan Fried Thyme Potatoes along with three side salads I went with the Homemade Coleslaw, Marinated Green Beans and Sauerkraut... It was one of the best meals I have had in a long time it's hard to find home cooked meals when you're not at home. I will be back for sure I still need to try a beaver cookie.
This is now one of my favorite places in Tempe.  It is definitely a hidden gem.  Don't judge this place by any other criteria than the taste and quality of the food, although my pork tenderloin could have used a bit more seasoning (salt).  Just, honest, fresh, tasty food.  Menu options that will satisfy many food preferences including vegetarian and gluten-free.  And, it will not leave a huge dent on your wallet.  Don't expect service to be comparable to "pro" run restaurants.  It is a very small (seats less than 30) independently owned and, I believe, family run.  They are very friendly and accommodating.  Leave your pretensions at the door and you will have a great experience.
So um we really, really wanted some Swedish meatballs one day. Then low and behold we landed at Beaver Choice. Best. Accident. Ever.

This is a family owned business. We were the only guests. The Scandianvian son fawned on us. We had to sample EVERYTHING. I mean we had two heaping full plates of samples, before we were allowed to order. He insisted! It was so amazingly awkward. 

Truly though, very gracious people. It's a gem of a place.
I love this little place, i hope the family who owns and operates it will prosper for a long time
Review #100 

        I knew I was coming up to the century mark here on Yelp, and I've been trying to think of what I'd want my hundredth to be... something different for sure... but I just wasn't coming up with anything. Then, on some random night, Kristen and I head out to Ted's Hot Dogs and there I see it... completely unassuming and somewhat hidden, a sign that reads "Beaver Choice". Remembering seeing it on Yelp a bit lately, I ask if we can, she nods, and we're off. Beaver Choice is one of those culinary miracles that I'm so glad I stumble upon occasionally, and I knew as soon as I left that it must be the illusive "hundredth review". 
        From the moment we walked in we felt like family... I'm a little surprised I didn't end up getting a hug, the people who run the establishment are bright and chock full of attitude, quirky attitude, if you don't have a lot of experience with people from different nations you could possibly see some of it as rude, just toughen up people, unless you're doing something silly, all they want to do is serve you well. 
        The atmosphere is nothing amazing, this is not The Palm, but it is very homey, it feels like you're walking into someones dining room. A lot of the furniture and dining accessories are from Ikea, which is cute because it's from Sweden, and they have a bunch of games you can play while you wait, they aren't trying to pretend they're a quick restaurant, everything is fresh and can take a while. 
        The food! The food is amazing. Everything I've had from the coleslaw to the potatoes to the meatballs has been wonderful. I wholeheartedly recommend the pork schnitzel cordon bleu, this thing was so simple and tasty, it's not some over-sauced or over-seasoned dish, it's fresh, quality food that speaks for itself without being covered up by a million ingredients. Also high on the list are the supremely flavorful swedish meatballs, get a chunk of meat on your fork, plow it through the potatoes then dip it in the lingonberry preserve and let me know how heaven was. The coleslaw is not your typical slaw, it is house made and much better, the thyme potatoes came in a huge portion and were delish, and the tomato basil salad was tasty even to a guy who hates tomatoes, like me. 
          I'm not sure how much more I could drool over this place... huge portions, very good food, fair pricing and amazing staff. Beaver Choice just has it all.
First things first. Can anyone say the name 'Beaver Choice' without snickering a little behind their hand? 

Ok, now that I've gotten that out of my system, I adore Beaver Choice! Today was our second experience with them and it is quickly becoming a favorite. 

This is not a restaurant to judge by appearances because, let's face it, the appearance is anything but high class. From the awkward beaver paintings on the front windows (at least I THINK that thing is a beaver...), to the flimsy dining tables and chairs, to the artwork on the walls that range from nice floral paintings to 'I'm bored and I'm going to paint a color tornado!'. I'm not a huge stickler for ambiance in a restaurant, but this place could definitely use a face-lift. 

BUT 

The food is the real story here and it is definitely worth writing home about. They have a fairly decently sized menu with with items for the faint-of-heart and adventurous palette alike. On this particular trip, my friend had the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu ($10.75). One look at their website and you know that they are proud of this puppy, and justifiably. The combination of perfectly crispy, brown schnitzel, brie and ham is divine. Her only complaint was that it was a little too greasy. 

I opted for Jansson's Temptation ($10.75). Mind you, I'm the kind of person who tends to gravitate towards the most seemingly unusual item on the menu.  We're talking anchovies, potatoes, onions and cream all baked into a surprisingly delicious treat. It is not very fishy at all, but is really more like a rich hash with hints of salt from the anchovies. It was perhaps a little overdone (the top was more crispy than I would have liked), but I would absolutely order it again. I found it particularly amusing that the owner felt it necessary to come out and check on me a few times to make sure I liked it. I promise, Ma'am, it was wonderful! The only reason I only ate half was because it was huge and very heavy. I'm thinking that other half is going to end up a midnight snack. 

If you want something similar but aren't quite up for anchovies yet, try the Laxpudding ($10.75), which is sort of like a potato fritter with salmon. I had it last time and it is also outstanding, especially with the amazing mustard that was served with it. I have no idea what that mustard was, but I want more! 

In addition to the already massive entrees, you get a side and three salads. I won't go into much on these, because they are pretty straight forward. You know what green beans are. No surprises. However, when you order, you are doing yourself a GRAVE disservice if you fail to order the tomato-basil salad. Perhaps my favorite thing on the entire menu. It is extraordinarily fresh and the combination of herbs and oil make it completely to die for. In fact, for my side salads this time, I got broccoli and two orders of the tomato-basil salad. Next time? Probably three. 

Finally, we finished off our meal by sampling the beaver balls ($1 each) and the beaver cookies ($1.50 each). The beaver balls were ok. Honestly, not much more to say about them than that. They were chocolate, so you can't go wrong there, but other than that, kind of boring. The beaver cookies, were a complete surprise. I haven't the first idea what kind of cookies they are, but they had a slightly caramel flavor to them and they were a light, crispy texture. Looking at them, I expected them to be crunchier, but they were just perfect. Sandwiched between the two cookies is a lime-y cream that was very tart and smooth and complimented the cookie perfectly. They were a wonderful way to round off a great meal. 

Beaver Choice has recently started a loyalty program. I would recommend joining up, even if it's just your first visit. Don't worry. You'll be back.
It's Swedish. That's why it's called Beaver Choice, that's why it's got a friendly Beaver painted on the window, and that's why you have board games to play "while you wait for your food".

The people running the restaurant couldn't be nicer nor more helpful in explaining the menu - they really love being there and it shines through everywhere. Their schnitzel is legitimate and delicious. Order off the (more) Swedish menu and take their advice.
Great food, great service, very interesting menu with many many choices.  Price was decent, only complain might be the place is a little too small and gets busy very quickly.  In fact, go there at opening time to get a seat and get served fast.

Keep up the good work of trying to introduce a new taste to the SW.
DAM, we can't wait to eat at the Beaver again! it's true! it's true!

But before I tell you how great it was a few things need to be mentioned. I was teetering between 4-5 stars on this one because of the European Style Service and I had to forgive them for using canned green beans in the green bean salad. However because of the really over the top seasoning of the prepared foods we tried and the UNIQUENESS of this Quirky one of a Kind place it deserves five stars. You also need to know that this is a Tiny Mom and Pop shop in a strip mall that is BYOB SCANDINAVIAN Bistro that makes your meals fresh to order and when we were the only order it took at least half and hour to prepare. This is not a fancy place and they provide some games like Yahtzee to play with while you wait.

We ordered the Chicken Schnitzel and the Gravlax platter,the platters come with THREE SIDE SALADS EACH and A SIDE DISH!

I had the Gravlax and it was sliced very thin was very fresh and very flavorful I think anyone who eats Lox would like the Gravlox here. For my side salads I picked the house made cole slaw,it was very light and fresh no creamy heavy sauce(it was very good) , tomato basil salad, it was very fresh with lots of fresh basil and yummy balsamic , Peas (just plain) and for my side dish I picked the rosti potato. THAT POTATO was DELICIOUS but was SO LARGE it could feed a small country I could only eat about 1/4 of it.

My husband had the regular chicken schnitzel it was pounded thin , breaded just right and came with a side of mushroom sauce,It tasted very good. One of the sides he picked was the green bean salad and I noticed they are canned green beans, that really is my only slight complaint on any food here.

They don't sell any desserts that are day old here only fresh made and they have the good humor to sell a dessert called Beaver Balls.
What a wonderful place to have Dinner. Our daughter found this place because it had alot of gluten free items. The people who run this place are the nicest and most genuine people you will ever meet. Don't be fooled by the location in a strip mall. The food was absolutely to die for! Talk about Scandinavian home cooking at its best, well here it is. There are some real surprise dishes well worth the wait for them to cook, just like you would at grandmas house! Wow, what a treat this place was, check it out!
Talk about comfort food! Its not the kind you get at home, but definitely makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside. I had the pork cordon bleu schnitzel with dill mashed potatoes, tomato basil salad, sauerkraut and spinach salad. The pork was thin with a delicate, slightly golden, crispy batter. Once you cut into it, there is just a slight ooze of cheese, not too much, but just enough. You can't go wrong with mash potatoes, but these were uber good with the dill. All of the salads were just "okay" to me and they balance out the creamy pork and potatoes. I still give it a 5 because the specialty is the main dish.
I hope they realize how hard it was for me to get here to eat. Between my girlfriend feeling unsure and my friend who isn't into the cuisine, it took a lot of conniving and evil planning to finally have a taste. I was not disappointed in the slightest and was plenty happy with the service. I had wish I got the cashier's name, but he felt like someone you could just hang out with if he wasn't working. It was my first time there and I felt like I'd been eating there for ages! 

Looking at the pictures of the food, I had no doubt that I would love this place already. I had such confidence that I signed up for their membership plan already. Me and my girlfriend both ordered the chicken schnitzel cordon bleu and enjoyed every bit of it. The humor of it all is that she hates mushrooms, but loved the gravy.

Now, despite my rave for the place, I do have a couple minor misgivings. (a brave thing after just giving them my phone number and full name). I ordered some poutine as an appetizer and we both liked it (her more than me). I think the fries should have had more of a crunch when they came out. Before I'm beaten with a tire iron because the fries are coated in gravy, just hear me out. I took a bite off a piece that had no gravy, so I'm not a complete idiot here. Like someone else posted, the canned green beans weren't the best, but the spicing did help it quite a bit. I blame my history of eating green beans out of a can when I was a kid so it was a little off putting for me.

I give it a 4 1/2 out of 5 and I look forward to eating here again.

Gotta go, I got a beaver ball with my name on it!
Great family atmosphere with super friendly staff. Everyone was enjoying themselves. BYOB! always a plus. Plenty to eat. You will be stuffed! Desserts as well. Reservations recommended. Just a great local place with great international food.
Finally I had a chance to check this place out for lunch.  I was intrigued to find a Scandinavian restaurant in town since I'm from Norwegian heritage.  I ordered the meatball sandwich with the potato salad which was really delicious!!  The place was clean, the service was friendly, and I love the fact that they have games to play while you eat.  Just a cute little Mom and Pop restaurant.  I can't wait to return and try out some different dishes.
Best authentic made when you order Scandinavian food ever! Forget ikea! Lol. This is fresh -  delicious - great service and super friendly owners and family! I will bring all my friends and family here for years to come without hesitation! 

This place does not cut corners. They make the food only once it has been ordered. This is a truly a great place and I never write reviews since finding amazing places is rare for me. This place makes it worth sharing! Go try it! 5 stars!
The food is excellent and fresh! The staff are genuine and honest folks. I love to support the independent restaurants. The deserts are tasty and not heavy. Made from wholesome ingredients with love. Take the time and awaken your taste buds to this awesome Scandinavian cafe. Most enjoyable!
This place is excellent! I had the falafel pita and wanted to die of happiness mid-first-bite. The desserts looked yummy, too. The staff here is amazingly friendly as well.

The food does take a while (at least 20 minutes) and there isn't a ton of seating. Of course, I love waiting for food and I hardly ever go out to eat with a part over 4, so this doesn't bother me at all. I will return to Beaver Choice again and again. :-)
Don't let the name fool you, this place is actually really tasty! Owned by a cute Swedish family, they offer up great food at good prices! Be sure to try the cardamon chicken!
There aren't many places to eat Swedish food; I am delighted that Beaver Choice has chosen Tempe as their home.  We arrived at Beaver Choice before 6:30PM on a Friday night.  While waiting for our table, we decided to order our food first.  I had ordered the chicken cordon bleu schnitzel.   My friends had the Kottbullar (Swedish meatballs), pork schnitzel, and angus burger.  After sitting at our table for over an hour patiently waiting for our food, we noticed a large group came after us had all their food served.   We started to wonder when our food will come out.   The owner's son ensured us that it will be out soon.  After another 30 minutes had gone by, the owner came out to apologize that our ticket got stick in the back of the large group.  As a consolation we were offered the Quebec Poutine on the house.  We were starving by now.   The Quebac Poutine is french fries topped with cheese curds and hot beef gravy - so yummy.  We finished that quickly.  When the food finally arrived, my chicken cordon bleu schnitzel was big, very juicy, crispy, and all the sides were delicious.   The meatballs were savory and well-accompanied by mashed potatoes and lingonberry preserves.  This is no Ikea frozen meatballs!  Unfortunately, my friend's angus burger came out rare.  She had to send it back to the kitchen and wait again.   The owner was nice enough to put this on the house as well.  We were all so full, but just couldn't resist ordering some desserts to take home.  We ordered almost one of each item from the dessert counter from Beaver Supreme, butter cookies, beaver balls (it's not what you think.), and cream puffs.   Although, it wasn't the best first time experience, overall the food was fantastic and affordable.  Europeans know what a proper portion size is!
Just...what...how? But...I just... Ahh this place is so so good! From the cheery greetings from the sweet Swedish family running the joint to those mouth watering, melt-in-your mouth Swedish meatballs, this place is seriously the bees knees.  Like, I could take a bath in the meatball gravy all day long. Thats how good this place is. Make sure you go when you have plenty of time - they make everything homemade just for you with plenty of care (and magic, methinks), so sometimes you just gotta wait. The ambience has sort of a cafeteria feel, but do not let this fool you! You are literally sitting in a gold mine of tasty treats. My husband really likes the pork schnitzel cordon bleu, and I think they said it was their most popular meal. Gosh, if you haven't been to Beaver Choice, please go right now. Cancel your meetings and hair appointments and kids' soccer games. All of that can wait in the name of delicious Swedish meat!
Awesome dessert!!!
To start, the owner (I am assuming) is sooo amazing and friendly.  She was very passionate about what she is doing, serving her food, doing it well.  We were greeted by her when my Sis and I went to pick up our take out order.  When we got home I went right for the poutine, ohh my yummy.  My Mom had the pork schnitzel, it was very good, the side salads were so good, the green bean and the tomato basil were very good. The herb roasted potatoes were sooooooooo good! My Sis had an amazing meatball wrap with potato salad in it, it was also very very very good.  My sausage wrap with dill potatoes was good, just odd.  Each part was very good, but all put together didn't mesh well for me.  I was diggin the dill mashed potatoes out because they were very good.  

For being run by warm and welcoming people and for making poutine that great, and for the schnitzel, potatoes and meatball wrap... Five stars!
This friendly Mom & Pop restaurant was exactly what I was looking for - casual, a great value, and complete yumminess outside the realm of typical restaurant fare. Definitely give it a try, and don't forget the dessert!!
Absolutely incredible Central Euopean food, from Sweden to Poland. And I come from a European family. Not fast because it's all fresh, the value is incredible as everything is huge.
Even if the decor is from Ikea the food is anything but Ikea. Really eclectic mix of scandavian, polish and canadian food. Desserts are wonderful. Huge portions and dirt cheap prices. Shhh, don't tell them they can easily charge more. If they were in a real sit down restaurant and not a strip mall fast food locale they could charge twice as much and still be considered cheap.  All food is handmade and should remind you of what Grandma used to make for you from the old country.
Such a cute place with awesome food and service.  

I went here for lunch with my mom and it was a great experience.  We were warmly and enthusiastically greeted, and the boy working was more than happy to fully explain how the menu worked and any item on the menu.  
We played some cards while we waited, and every person working there seemed to be upbeat and happy.
Food was great and there was a TON of it.  So yummy.  I'll be ordering takeout soon I think.
Low on ambiance but the food is so flavorful, fresh and very well executed.  This is a casual storefront - order at the counter but pay when you are finished.  I had the Laxpudding which the menu says is one of the oldest Swedish dishes - cured salmon with pickled onion and cucumbers on a bed of sliced fried potatos.  It came with a sweet pickled mustard relish which was to die for.  The 3 small sides were equally flavorful.  We also had a huge plate of sausage hash topped with a fried egg and the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu which was delicately fried, tender, and delicious.  This is one of Howard Seftel's top 10 dishes of 2010 and for good reason.

Next up - lunch!
We do an "ethnic dinner" every other month and this month it was my turn. I am SO glad that I picked Beaver Choice because it was fabulous.

The place itself is tiny and food is ordered from the front counter. The kid that was taking orders was very helpful and a real sweetheart. The wait time is considerable, but as long as you aren't in a hurry, the food is worth the wait.

I ordered the Laxpudding with sides of broccoli, home made coleslaw, and dill potatoes. My friend ordered the Swedish meatballs.

I'm not sure what I actually received since it doesn't seem to match the description of Laxpudding from their menu. I think what I actually received was the Salmonburger & Skagenrora. It was very good, but I'm not really a salmonburger kind of girl. The topping on it was fantastic though! 

The broccoli was delicious and perfectly cooked. The dill potatoes were also very good and holy cannoli, they are seriously DILL. If you like dill, try these potatoes.

My friend raved about the Swedish meatballs - even scrapping the plate with her fork to try to get any of the remnants. She said they were better than Ikea which since I've never tried them and she says they are great, I'm going to assume this is a high compliment to Beaver Choice's meatballs.

I got a Beaver Ball to go based on reviews on Yelp mentioning them. They were super chocolaty - I think dark chocolate? My husband swears there was coconut in them which he didn't like... I didn't notice coconut, but that doesn't mean anything.

I can't wait to go back to try other things on their menu... especially the Schnitzel which is what they are known for. Delicious food and excellent, warm service. Great place!!
I ate here on a Sunday afternoon and was impressed by the food quality, very friendly service, and speed of service. On the strength of other Yelps, I had the gravlux with dill mashed potatoes and tomato basil salad. All excellent as others have said. I had broccoli and cole slaw as my other sides. The broccoli was tender without being overcooked and the slaw was a pleasant vinegar-based, not creamy, variety that complemented the rest of the food nicely. The food filled the plate without being overwhelming and I found room for one of the Beaver cookies, actually two large waffle-wafer cookies with a lightly flavored lemon cream between them. The cookies are kept in a chilled pastry case, probably because of the cream filling. A pleasant meal on a hot summer day.
My favorite restaurant.  During busy times the service is slow and the ambience isn't great - but its family owned and run and the food is cooked with such love that its amazing.  The mom and dad cook and the son runs the cash register. These are the nicest people and the food is delicious and cheap.
This has to be one of my favorite places to eat!  The food is very very flavorful and plentiful.  

Try the schnitzel.  Fresh and hand made.  They make everything from scratch here.  The food takes quite awhile to come to the tables, but it is all hand made from scratch.  They even have board and card games to play while you wait for your food.

Have questions about anything and all you have to do is ask Kris at the counter.  Everything you try here, you will like.  I will eat anything here and wish I lived closer, I would definitely eat there more often.
Up until this point, I had lived 26 years without ever trying Scandinavian food. It wasn't until this past weekend that I ventured out and tried something different. Beaver Choice, as the reviews suggest, definitely didn't dissapoint. I took a chance on the schnitzel and fell in love immediately. My girlfriend, ordered the meatballs and also loved it. Without a doubt, this place has great food at reasonable prices.

If you're looking for something different I highly recommend Beaver Choice.
Beaver Choice is Tempe's best hidden gem, I would eat there every day if I could.
Went  to Beaver Choice for the first time today and it was simply outstanding. I had the Chicken with Cardamom sauce. This dish was excellent. The thyme potatoes were solid as a side dish, but the true standout of the salads was the Tomato-basil salad. Make sure you try the tomato-basil salad as one of your salads if you get one of the dishes that comes with the three salads. I'll be getting at least a double of those next time I go. This is not a place to go if you are in a hurry, but the food is well worth the wait.
This place is AWESOME. 
I usually go for the Swedish meatballs, with the creamy dill potatoes and their coleslaw, then some green beans. OH my goodness! So tasty.
The coleslaw is sweet and sour style just like my Oma makes and I could possibly eat the entire bin. The meatballs and tender and juicy and you will likely want more.But you are about to explode from all the food you just ate.
Then your eyes glance over to the baked good section... those oatmeal cookies... yes they have oatmeal but its almost like brittle mixed with some sort of crack. Or their pavalova which is meringue and oranges and pretty much the best thing that your mouth has tasted  other than their other food. 
Customer service is always great the owner is so sweet! Her son is a doll and sells some of his own jewelry creations.
So check it out you wont complain. But just dream of Sweden, Poland, and even Canada because this eclectic mix is not to be missed!
I loved everything I had. Schnitzel, Rosti, Tomato basil salad. My wife had the Swedish meatballs which were great and my daughter had the chicken with cardamom sauce and the green beans were garlicy and light.  Every item was great. We shared a poutine which fantastic.  We will eat the desserts later.
The pierogies should be on the menu all the time. So dang good
Atmostphere: None.
Service: Counter service. Friendly, in a swedish kinda way.
Food: Ok - I had the chicken wrap.

It took 30 minutes to get a chicken wrap. 30 minutes. And it was not crowded. It tasted pretty good. I assume it took 30 minutes because they were waiting for the chicken to mature enough to slaughter it, butcher it, dress it and cook it to put in my wrap.

30 minutes for a chicken wrap? Really?
Absolutely loved it! I came here with the boyfriend for dinner last week and enjoyed every moment of it...

Chicken Cordon Bleu with 4 sides: rosti, tomato basil salad, cole slaw and spinach salad.

Chicken was moist and the cheese and ham complimented it nicely. The mushroom sauce was great, not too salty - loved that. Rosti was like a mashed potato pancake. I liked the crispy crust on both sides. It was tasty with some mushroom gravy on top. Tomato basil salad was light and refreshing. Cole slaw was tangy and not overly creamy-probably my favorite side. The dressing on the spinach salad was good. I think it was honey mustard. 

Schnitzel with 4 sides: pan fried thyme potatoes, tomato basil salad, green beans, and I forgot the other.

Pork Schnitzel was pretty good. Not as good as the chicken but same great mushroom gravy came with it. Thyme potatoes had nice spice and texture. Didn't try the green beans because I hate canned green beans but the BF said it was good. Same tomato basil salad as other plate.

We also got a small poutine to share. I have been craving this for weeks-ever since a friend of mine went to Canada and kept posting pictures of it on FB! Thought it would finally satisfy my craving but only made it worst because now I constantly think about going back for more! It was so good!

We stuffed ourselves silly, but had to get a beaver cookie to take home to try. I was eyeing these from our table and made my mind to get one because everyone was buying 4-5 of these to take home when they were leaving. Needless to say it didn't even make it to the car before we devoured it. I'm a sucker for cookies with almonds!

This is awesome comfort food to the max. Yes, it's on the heavy side so I wouldn't have it often but it's definitely a place I would come to on my "I don't care about dieting, I'm stuffing my face" days.
Heavenly! Pure heaven!!

After living in Poland I sometimes get a hankering for some good Polish eats and this place does the trick! Best part is, I can say the few polish phrases that I know AND they understand me. 

I got the  chicken schnitzel cordon bleu, it was FANTASTIC. Highly recommended. 

I also got the mandarin dessert -- OH MY GOSH. This was GREAT. GET IT, GET IT, GET IT!!!!!

YUM, YUM, YUM, YUM!!!!!
OMG, call me FULL of schnitzel!   I feel like Beaver Choice is kinda hidden in a strip mall, and only a few (yelpers and Scandinavians) actually know about the restaurant.  And that's ok with me.  A small mom and pop's restaurant is definitely a popular place where people can dine, discuss the day's happenings and even play games while waiting for their lunch or dinner.  OH, and you can bring your own wine!  

I had the pork schnitzel with a mushroom cream sauce, dill mashed potatoes, green beans, steam broccoli and tomato basil salad.  Nothing was left on my plate.  We also had the fries with the cheese curds and gravy and malt vinegar.  

But wait, you must have some dessert! I had the chocolate brownie pie with fresh cream and strawberries , and I ended up taking some of the cookies and these balls made of chocolate, coconut, oatmeal called beaver balls home.

Friendly family staff, loved the fact that if there was an argument between family members in the dining area, it was in Swedish or German ..not sure which.  It just added to the charm.

Will be back for the Swedish meatballs!
When I travel, I look for unique places to eat. I like local flavors and small businesses doing what they do to the very best of their ability. I hate large-scale, mediocrity-soaked chain restaurants that you can find absolutely anywhere. So I look at Google, Yelp, UrbanSpoon ratings and take my chances. So tonight I found this place in Tempe, AZ called Beaver Choice. Hundreds of reviews and a great rating. They advertised themselves as a Scandinavian/Polish restaurant. So I went. It was a hole-in-the wall in a strip mall with plastic chairs and flourescent lighting -- order at the counter style. I was tentative, but not for long. The young blonde boy who took my order smiled and spoke with a Sweedish accent. I guess they get mostly regulars becasue the older woman working near the kitchen behind him asked me how I found their place in a very heavy Sweedish accent. I ordered a Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu. It came with dill mashed potatoes, sauteed green beans, peas, and a salad. At the fountain there was RC Cola and 7-Up. I mentioned that you don't see RC Cola much anymore and the lady responded that they support as many local businesses as possible. Score one. After a short wait, the boy delivered my order; it was very nicely presented. And it was incredible. The chicken was tender and juicy; the ham and cheese inside was bursting with flavor, and the sides dishes were all fresh and delicious. I devoured my plate and was full but wanted more. Serious score. Good job, Beaver's Choice. If I'm ever in Tempe again, you'll get my return business. Yum!
If you can't cook and need a good home cooked meal then head over to Beaver's Choice. The average tab per person for dinner is about $15. The 20-30 minute wait for the food was not a big deal. It gives you a chance to actually talk to your dinning companion(s). 

I had the stuffed cabbage which was just ok for me but not the best I have ever had. The home made coleslaw is a winner and the cubed fried potatoes were delicious. I had some of my wife's Chicken Cordon Blue which comes flattened, not like the Chicken Cordon Blue you might get at a wedding. I have to say it wasn't my favorite. I definitely need to try some other menu items because there were some other dishes at the other tables that looked really good. I also wish they would drop the RC products and switch to coke. In conclusion, I really wasn't blown away by the taste of the food like my fellow Yelpers. This is really a 3 1/2 star restaurant in my opinion, but I'm going to round up to 4 stars since I'm feeling generous today.
Quaint and quirky is what comes to mind when I reminisce on my visit to Beaver Choice. The tables, plates, and furniture are all IKEA (of course). The large and rather gaudy window paintings visible from the front add to the offbeat vibe of this place.

On that note, this place could use Gordon Ramsey... desperately. It appeared extremely unorganized and the menu options are way too complicated; basically you order your entree and it comes with a side (some sort of potato) and three salads. Although I liked the variety, it was completely unnecessary and I'm sure it made things more hectic in the kitchen than they need to be.

Which brings me to the service, you order at the counter and sit and wait for your food. Our food took at least a half an hour. it arrived and it was room temperature.

That being said, you're probably wondering, "why the four stars?"

The food was on point, flavorful and fresh. I had the pork meatballs and they were very well accompanied by a kind of dill sweet and sour sauce. It tasted like my norwegian grandma that I never had made it just for me.

I would recommend this place if you're feeling like something different.
Worth the drive to Tempe! NOT fancy but totally comfortable thanks to the wonderful, gracious family owners/operators.

Do NOT miss the dill mashed potatoes! Also, I LOVED the tomato sauce that came with the cabbage rolls. Was dipping everything I possibly could in it!! 

I ordered both of the beet options but, if forced to choose, liked the beet salad best... wound up "cleaning" the dish by wiping it down with the remaining pickled beets! 

I liked the cabbage rolls but I LOVED the hash one of my dining companions had ordered. This is likely what I will get on my next visit.

The pierogi were boiled but didn't seem to spend any time in a frying pan. I love pierogi but I prefer them to have a little more of a crunch -- the firmness you get from a quick pan fry.

It's a tiny, casual place. Order at the counter, they bring you your food and you pay at the counter when you're done.

A BYO, if you also bring your own glasses they waive the corking fee!

Seriously cannot wait to go back!! :9
First time having Scandinavian food, everything was excellent. Will return soon.
Definitely a fan! 

I brought my boyfriend here unknowingly, and he had his doubts about the place, but I knew he would be eating his words later. The restaurant is a lot smaller than I expected, with 8 or so tables in the front, over half of which were occupied when we arrived. Some people were ordering in front of us, so we grabbed some menus and decided on what to get. When it was our turn, who I'm assuming is the son of the family took our orders. I had the chicken schnitzel, broccoli, green bean salad, coleslaw, and pan-fried thyme potatoes. My bf had the stuffed chicken breast, coleslaw, dill mashed potatoes, and I forgot what else :)

Never having schnitzel, I was a little nervous, but it was SO GOOD. The mushroom sauce it came with was also delicious. It's pretty moderately priced (our plates were about $11/each), but you get so much food, I wasn't able to finish it all. As others have said, everything is made to order so it takes a little while to get your plates, but I would say it's definitely worth it.
What a wonderful dining experience....the food is unbelievable ...the owners are so sweet .. Down home comfort food at it's finest can't wait to go back many times to try everything on the Menu...
Beaver Choice is an excellent place which I have had the chance to visit three or four times.  This is about as home-cooked as you can get in a restaurant.  It's like eating at Mom's house, if Mom happens to be Swedish.

I've had a few of the entrees -- schnitzel cordon bleu, pork medallions, seared gravlax -- and all were delicious.  Especially the gravlax.

The sides are also great, and you usually get three per meal.

The poutine is perhaps not as good as what you'd get in Quebec, but it's easily the best I've had in Arizona.  The fact that they even have poutine wins this place a few points.

I have also had the opportunity to try their dessert specialty, the Beaver Supreme.  This mess of chocolate, meringue, cream, mandarin orange, and possibly a few other things, is the sort of thing which you set out intending to only eat half in the first sitting, but ultimately find your free will diminished, invariably resulting in an empty dish and a fear of the onset of diabetes.

Also, it seems one gentleman gave this place low marks for the long preparation time on a chicken wrap.  I just have to ask, why would anyone go to a Scandinavian restaurant and order a chicken wrap?  Can you imagine what would happen if you wander into a Viking camp and order a chicken wrap?  Your head would be off before you could recite one measly Odinian incantation.
"Yippee and yum-ooo," says my stomach.

This place is managed with the friendliest staff (probably owner and family). Food was hearty, home cooked, piping-hot goodness. 

4 stars because of a great ethnic culinary experience, its  tasty food and kind staff. With all these positives I was able to overlook one big factor that is a big deal on most days, when you just don't have the time.

I'm talking wait time to get food. Please come before you feel hungry. I had to wait close to 45-55 minutes for my plate. Also if you come with a plus one, don't be surprised if your plates do not get served at the same time. My boyfriend got his dish 15-20 minutes before mine. I watched him eat and vice versa. Other tables I noticed experienced the same.
This place is a great find! The lunch prices are very reasonable and such great quantity and quality (I am very picky with food and quality). They could use a better lettuce than iceberg but that is my only request to change. Apparently, they opened in 2010 and I have been missing out.... missing out no longer. Great food and nice owners and staff. Scandinavian food is on!
Okay, I literally just sat down after eating here and had to write this review. Aaamazing.

My boyfriend and I were at home deciding whether it was worth the effort to get up and go get dinner, due to the disgusting heat of course, and I decided to check out Yelp and see what sounded good enough to get me out the door. Found this place, and he had been there before, given he literally lives across the street. (This is now a dangerous, dangerous thing given how much I loved this place.)

Everyone who works here: super nice. We chatted for quite a while when placing our order and even got a recommendation for a Thai place down the road. I ordered the chicken schnitzel cordon bleu, my boyfriend ordered pork schnitzel. Everything was fantastic. You get three salads and a side, my side was mashed potatoes (lots of dill, yummm) and I got sauerkraut, the potato salad and peas (I ended up getting the basil tomatoes when served by mistake, which actually was fine because they were delish...only thing that was "wrong" with our visit, which is not a big deal at all to me). Ended up taking half of my schnitzel home, the portions were super generous. We got a Beaver cookie and two of the chocolate balls to take home...just as amazing as dinner. We have already decided we're going back next weekend (I'm thinkin' meatballs and pierogies) and I have a feeling we will be there a lot in the future...this place is awesome! Anyone who complains about the wait time...maybe it's just me but I'd rather wait a half hour for quality food than the alternative. This isn't fast food...go to McDonald's if you only have five minutes to wolf down something.
Absolutely loved it.  I had a craving for Swedish meatballs and found this place by browsing Yelp.  We drove all the way from North Scottsdale to try it.  Totally worth it.  I tried the meatballs with coleslaw, dill mashed potatoes, and basil tomatoes.  My husband got a steamed fish dish with fries, peas, and a spinach salad.  Everything was REALLY good and homemade.  The coleslaw was not like the regular coleslaw you would expect, but it was fantastic.  All real, fresh ingredients too... no fake potato spud mix, no frozen/canned peas.

The people there were lovely too.  All so friendly and sweet.

We got there a half hour after they opened, and there was only one family in there ordering before us.  Three tables were already on reserve though.  When we started eating, the restaurant packed up pretty quickly.

Love this place and will definitely make the drive to go back.
The food was good and serving sizes were enormous. Everyone was very friendly and the lady at the counter was in the words of my girlfriend adorable. The beaver cookies are awesome it was like eating a lemon meringue pie.
This place is awesome. You must appreciate made to order, authentic food!! The cabbage rolls are to die for. The schnitzel cordon bleu, pork or chicken, is amazing. Swedish meatballs, poutine... Try it all! We have yet to try something we don't like! Not to mention each item usually comes with FOUR different sides. This is the best Scandinavian food in the valley!!
Finally poutine done right in Phoenix! I wish this place was closer to my place.  They do a nice job though, friendly staff, overall great.
Found this place on Yelp and decided to write my first of many commentaries.  It was authentic home-cooked food, made with love.  Sounds corny, but if you spend much time on the road, it's not worth guessing by judging a book by its cover.  And this strip mall appearance would normally just result in a drive-by.  You would never even see it set back from the road.

Had the herring appetizer which was awesome, and the swai filet.  It was buttery and soft, as you might expect.  The side dishes (kraut, cole slaw, beets, potatoes) all had a very original flavor and I liked most of them...a few were kind of heavy/creamy (the beets) and dill is used often - but that's what you mostly expect from cuisine from this region of Europe.  Gave 5 stars for the overall experience - food quality, price, quantity, ambiance, service, and love.  As Hanna (the owner) said about running this restaurant, "You have to love it".  And everyone there does, including the many regular customers.  I'll be back again Hanna.  So you can call me a "regular customer too".  Take me to a family run restaurant like this anytime, and I will be back again and again.
I want to live at Beaver Choice.
If you're in the Tempe area there is Norway you should miss the chance to eat here. The portions were so large I could barely Finnish my meal. I had the chicken schnitzel cordon bleu and my husband had the frikkadeller, and both were delicious. The beet salad sides were perfectly Swedened; just the right balance of savory and sweet. If you like Scandinavian food Denmark this place down on your list of restaurants to visit. 

P.S. Iceland? I don't know.
Yet another great place I would have never found without Yelp! It's not about atmosphere here. Its about wonderful food, generous portions and one of the nicest proprietors I've ever had the fortune to meet. She treated us like gold. She allowed us to sample ALL her salads and made up a special plate of them for our family to share instead of making us choose three for each entree. It was a simple thing, I suppose, but we really appreciated that she was willing to accommodate our indecisiveness. :-) I wish we lived closer. I could imagine making Beaver Choice a regular haunt. She told us that she loves Yelp! Ninety percent of her new customers come to her because of Yelp and she's won several awards for Beaver Choice, but she's most proud of her Yelp award. She'll be moving to a new, larger location soon and is looking forward to adding a bar where you can drink from large horns.
My Dad is 100% Norwegian and I took him there for late lunch we all loved it friendly family owned and amazing home cooking.  A must to try
To set the record straight for all the pervs out there who thought I was checking in at a strip club tonight (it's Wednesday night for God's sake and I have to work in the morning!!!!), Beaver Choice is a tiny, VERY unassuming Scandinavian/ Canadian restaurant in a strip mall in Tempe.

Check out all of the awesome reviews to get an idea of how great this place is and then get in here. They serve a nice selection of Scandinavian fish, meat and pork dishes.

I started out with Quebec-style poutine which was delicious (the Canadians weren't pulling my leg on this). The only thing that was missing was beer (they are BYO FYI, so I'll bring beer next time). I'm telling you folks, our evil socialist neighbors to the north know how to whip out some great comfort food!!!!!

For my main I enjoyed some hearty Swedish meatballs bathed in a hearty cream sauce and accompanied with tomato basil, spinach salad and sauteed green beans. You get a LOT of food because your main comes with a side(choice of potato) and three types of salad. The salads are small but throw in three choices, your side and your main and you wind up with a lot of food.

They have a nice selection of tasty looking pastries as well but you will be so full you'll want to get your dessert to go.

The family that run the place are so warm, hospitable, kind and welcoming and I'm thrilled that they're moving to a bigger location. This is a hidden gem in the valley and really and great option when you're sick of all the usual choices to eat.
Gotta love a Scandinavian restaurant that also serves German and Polish food! The food in this family-run business is really good and service is warm and very friendly.  You certainly won't leave hungry, and depending on what you order you may be taking some of your lunch or dinner home because the total amount of food you get on your plate is quite generous. My favorites are the laxpudding and the Beaver Supreme dessert.
There is thia cookie sandwich thing that is so good. The two outside "cookies" are made of different grains, but its the inside cream that is so good. The cookie is pretty sweet in general, but the tart creamy middle makes this very addictive. Okay enough about that awesome cookie. Their side salads are so good. You typically get 3 with your meal. And get the potato salad for sure. Overall Yummy!
Totally unpretentious, small, very casual, interestingly-named, family-operated, and offering good values on large portions of delicious food. 

Thus: A keeper!

Two things to note before you go: There are only 6 4-top tables so reservations are recommended. Also, no liquor license, so it's BYOB with a $5-per-bottle corking fee. The side-salad options on the menu are kinda confusing at first. Keep in mind that they don't combine the separate items in a bowl: You are essentially ordering three separate small side dishes served on the same plate as the main course. 

Business is good enough that they're talking about expanding to a larger location, which would be nice. I hope they can keep the same qualities that make their place a must-visit today.
Wow! What a neat little place with extraordinary food. First of all, you better be good if you are going to "make it" next to Ted's hot dog restaurant. The Quebec Poutine is to die for. We could have made a meal out of it by itself. The addition of the malt vinegar gives it a flavor that really says "eat more of me." We each ordered a Tunbrodsrulle wrap which was a mistake because they are so big. They were delightful but we wound up taking one home for later. This is one of those places I couldn't wait to Yelp about. I can't wait to try some of the other dishes on the menu. Service is great, they make you feel welcome. Restaurant is very casual and I think they might but ready for prime time somewhere. This is one of those places where with the right location the sky's the limit. I have never been that big of a fan of Scandinavian food until now. Try this place!
This place has POUTINE. For those of you who have never had this drunken Quebec delight--cheese curds, gravy, and french fries. Glllrrrrbbbl. 

Also, the shrimp and egg sandwich comes on a massive roll with shrimp for days. The people who work here are all from Quebec I believe, and the kid at the register makes me chortle like a Swedish schoolboy every time I'm here.

The food is bonzer but can be a little pricey if you're not careful. The desserts are ALL good (try the 'beaver balls' or whatever they are called) and the prices on those are low. 

They have a couch you can sit on and Ikea furniture that bows under the weight of my apparently massive body. The walls are bland and poorly decorated but they have a fireplace (lol...) inside here. On the mantle lie a few books and games that are related to the family's local and ancestral roots. 

My only regret is that it's not open late at all, considering Poutine is the greatest drunk food of all time.
I drove 45 minutes from Happy Valley to try this place out, and it was worth every minute. The people who run the place are almost as amazing as the food they serve. We tried the Poutine, Crab Cake, Schnitzel, and my favorite the Cabbage Rolls (freakin' amazing). To top it off dessert consisted of 3 "Beaver Balls" and the "Cookie" Sandwich. I'm not one for coconut, so I didn't try the Beaver Balls, but my friends loved em, and the Cookie Sandwich was a great way to end a phenomenal meal. The entree's come with a side, along with 3 types of salads of your choice. I can not WAIT till they open their 2nd place a bit closer to central city, BUT in the meantime, its worth the drive from North Phoenix for a little taste of Scandinavian/Polish heaven!
The staff A+
The food A+
The fun A+
oh boy. nothing, i repeat, nothing is vegetarian. i ordered a sampler of side dishes and dessert. service was warm and charming, but ridiculously slow. the owner came out and talked to us and said they had someone call in sick, so that was understandable. my dining partner said his food was bland. probably won't be back although i desperately wanted to love this place.
If I were Polish or Swedish, I think my mom's home cooking would taste like this. It's overpriced and the service isn't what you're going to be used to, but they're really nice (might seem like bad service because of a cultural difference). Food takes a long time too. But pretty much anything on the menu will be great (I think the portion-sizes are overstated, but the food here has an umami-like pop to the flavor). Try the schnitzel and as many versions of the potatoes as you can.
Still get 5 stars. Went back again yesterday for some of that Poutine. Glllrrrbbbl. Had a hard time coming up for air once I started eating. Susan had 6 perogies and enjoyed. We love this place. They are planning to move in January or February to a new location in Mesa. Fortunately, they will be even closer to us :)

We really need to take some of our kids there so they can sample some of this Scandinavian/Canadian cuisine. Not cheap, but you get what you pay for. You can't find this stuff on Denny's menu (or any other local restaurant?).

Beaver Balls are next on my list to try.
Found this place on Yelp because of the high ratings of others so another couple, my wife and I decided to give the odd-named restaurant a try. As we pulled up I became very concerned that we had chosen the wrong place. It didn't look like a nice restaurant, more like a low-budget Mexican food joint. Entering into the place didn't make us feel any better:  it was small, so brightly lit that you almost need sunglasses, and sparsely decorated. 

We went up to the counter (yes, that's right, no server to take your order even though they have a menu) to get a menu, then sat down to choose dinner and then got back in line to place our order. 

We ordered the Swedish meatballs, chicken cordon bleu, and pork tenderloin skewer. We split the three dishes between the four of us. Pork was pretty good, meatballs were amazing and the chicken cordon bleu was delish. 

Food was definitely 5 stars, as was the owner if the restaurant. She was very nice and helpful. 

I took a star off for the ambience, but as the owner explained, that will change in the future. They are moving to a full size restaurant once the two year lease is up in February. 

We will definitely go back again, but probably not until they are at the new location. If you haven't been to Beaver's Choice, it's definitely worth it. Don't expect much from the setting yet, but the food and friendly owner are great.
Unique food will have to back to try something different
Went in on their 4th day open because I didn't want to wait in line at Ted's. They were eager to explain their menu and even gave me a sample of a few things. The family who owns the place (and seems to work there all the time)  recognized me (even though I'd only been there once) when I brought family back months later, and welcomed me in like I was an old friend. Food Is prepared like a home cooked meal made by your mother who happens to be a chef. Customer service is excellent, food is amazing, and I always leave wishing I could eat every meal there.
Went here for lunch and the food was incredibly tasty! Portions are very large. I got the pork schnitzel and it came with two huge pork cutlets breaded and cooked to perfection and covered with this really good mushroom gravy. The Swedish potato salad was so good, and I don't even care for potato salad. The owners are incredible friendly too. I can't wait to go back here again.
Maybe I was let down by my expectations, or maybe because it was just a sandwich to go. I just wasn't impressed with my pork schnitzel on a bun. At a little over $7 (after tax) for just a 6" sub sandwich is really pricy and it honestly wasn't as good as I had hoped. 

The baguette was tough to bite through and the toppings were whatever. I expected some of the mushroom gravy to be on the sandwich, but didn't ask about it. The pork was tasty, but not as crisp as I would have liked. If not for the pork, it sort of felt like a subway sandwich.

My main complaint is the portion size. I know it's a lunch to-go menu, but it was honestly like a small snack than a meal. Would have liked some sort of fries or something to help fill me in.

I'll still give this place another try and have one of their full meals. That chicken cordon bleu sounds tasty and I'll update my review later.
WORST POSSIBLE SERVICE I HAVE EVER, I MEAN EVER, HAD!!!! 
This restaurant that was recommended to me by a friend who told me they serve poutine. I was super excited to try this place and being that I'm originally from Canada, I was looking forward to a little taste of home. 
I live in North Phoenix and drove 45mins to have "Poutine"
Saturday Night August 25th - 4 adults, 2 kids - we walked in the door and the place is a mess. There was no where for us to sit. We stood around for about 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. Finally they come to the front to clean up and start arranging tables to accomodate our party.  When we finally get to look at menus we realize that there are more then 1 size of poutine available. I head up to the counter to inquire about the poutines and the sizes... And that's when I am very rudely informed that if all we are going to have is poutine then we need to take it to go. They will not allow us to eat in the restaurant as it is Saturday night and one of their busiest nights and we cannot take up the much needed space. *** This is where I will mention that there was only 1 other table being used at the time*** I explain that we all want to have poutine and that we drove 45mins from Phoenix to come and try this restaurant... The person behind the counter didn't care. We were not to be served.
Needless to say, we walked out, WITHOUT the poutine that  we were so looking forward to... 
I would NEVER recommend this restaurant! I have never heard of anyone turning away business because it was their busiest night, regardless of how much or how little we were going to order. Even if all we ordered was 4 large poutines that alone is $30, add in drinks.... Throughly disgusted with the lack of customer service.
Love this place!! The family was so friendly and the food was AMAZING!!! and I just saw them on the FoodNetwork Channel.
A+ All the way.......
Really enjoyed the food. The reviews are true. I would give it 5 stars but the location is not the best. Five stars for the food though. Support local! Looking forward to visiting their new location. Like their story.  Started on a food truck!  Good for you!
The food was wonderful! Nothing trendy, not a chain, or anything remotely like one. The atmosphere was a little quirky but who cares? The food was like a Scandinavian grandma would make. Absolutely delicious!

And the chicken schnitzel was to-die-for!
The food is delicious and filling. If you are in the mood for comfort food...look no further. Don't pass this up. Great find!
Service is Fast and very friendly. 
Ambiance  Clean and orderly. Tables from IKEA are cute. However, the decor does lack...something. The lady behind the counter says they are moving to a location in Mesa by February. 
Would I recommend this place to our friends??? Absolutely!!
so yummy... homemade style!
Incredibly amiable owners, unique menu selection made fresh by experienced cook. Went in hungry and (after being kindly offered a sampling of all delicious side options) left completely satisfied with a full plate sticking to my ribs: pork cordon-bleu, mashed potatoes, creamy beet salad, sweet green beans, just-right sauerkraut and some lovely gravy (see picture).
The owner was very friendly and talkative. She asked me whether we learned about this place through yelp. Yeah she knew the answer.

We ordered pierogi and chicken schnitzel cordon bleu, with mushroom sauce, various side salads, and a plate of pan-friend thyme potato. 

I knew nothing about pierogi and it tastes very much like Chinese dumplings to me -- but with a cheesy potatoey filling. So I took my husband words for it -- "great." 

The chicken schnitzel cordon bleu actually reminded me of the KFC double down sandwich (http://www.kfc.com/doubledown/). No offense but I actually enjoyed KFC tremendously as a kid. The concept of Beaver Choice's chicken cordon bleu was quite similar to a double-down: breaded chicken steak with ham and cheese in the middle. It tastes good, slightly on the saltier side.

The side salads were refreshingly clean. I was quite impressed by the cole slaw because in my mind, cole slaw should be simple, not a greyish goo with mayo mixed in. Husband liked the tomato basil salad. The pan fried tomato was tasty too.

A couple notes:

1) It is moving to a new location in Mesa. Good for business I guess, but sad for me because I live right around the corner.

2) Menu is quite extensive. We definitely want to come back and try a couple more things. They know what they are doing. In fact, the background sound to our dining experience was the constant pounding of the meat from the kitchen. I surely didn't mind hearing that they made things fresh on the spot.

3) Food was surely tasty. The current location was small but very clean and bright (almost has a well-lit fast-food restaurant feel to it). It can get busy, thus crowded, very fast.

4) The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I think the price was a bit higher than I expected. I'm not saying I don't want to spend money on good food. I'm just saying we got another meal after this that night and we are not some serious big eaters.
Hidden jem! Come hungry, because its a ton of food! The chicken schnitzel get it, love it, MmmmMm. Also try the lemon cookie, its pretty amazing!
Unique
Delicious
Relaxed atmosphere
Funny name

During my first trip here, I was suffering from a pretty bad cold. Even with a stuffy nose, my taste buds were delighted by their succulent and tasty dishes. We ordered Swedish Meatballs (of course) and the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu (thank you Yelp). With each dish came three hearty sides garnished by their own tantalizing flavors. I really enjoyed the potatoes with the accompanying sauces and gravy.

I must warn you: you will wait for good food. We probably hung out for about 45 minutes before our order came out. If you're in a hurry, probably go somewhere else. Otherwise, grab one of the card games they have available on the shelf and prepare yourself for some of the best authentic Scandinavian food served in the most random-est of strip malls.

One last thing - these guys know they're good and are proud of it. They posted the award they received from Yelp for having high ratings with lots of reviews. One of the owners explained it was the best award they've won because it comes straight from regular customers. Gotta love that!
my husband is A swedish national trapped in a land of desert cuisine.  when i found this place he nearly flipped!  he said it was excellent, authentic, and just what he wanted.  going back today for lunch!
Came back with my girlfriend. 

Ordered the chicken cordon bleu and it was tasty :) The brie cheese isn't that strong though. It sort of melts and mixes with the juices of the chicken. Much better portion size than the sandwich before and more variety in the flavors. This was a much higher quality dish.

The mashed potatoes were very good. We also tried the crab cake which had a sweet salsa and some sort of caviar on top as well as a side salad. Pretty tasty! 

My girlfriend had a pita wrap which was the right size for the price. The pita fell apart really easily though.

Still sort of pricey but I guess it's reasonable for the uniqueness of the food. 

Food took a long time, but it helps playing with the games to pass the time. I suggest planning a lot of time to eat here, or calling in your order ahead of time.

I'd come back if I needed a change of pace, but not sure I'd ever crave a place like this.
Saturday 11 AM crowd of 6 ppl

Swedish Potato Hash FTW!
We drove 40 min to try this place.
I was scared bc of the unique foods and the exterior looks,
but I had heard good things abt it.

Takes a while to make, so grab one of their games.

In our case, we brought our own.

My group played "Cards against humanity".
 We were ROFL and noisy while the food was being prepared.

Staff was nice, esp owner.
Very fresh and authentic food. The owner was very friendly and patient as we weren't sure as to what to order. Great pierogies and for desert, I got a peice of what looked like cheese cake. she said she made it there so I had to have a peice. It was sooo good!! Lighter and not as rich as cheesecake that I am used to. I could eat the hole thing!!!
I am sad to hear that they are moving as it will be farther from our home.
We love this place! The food is good, very unique, and the employees (family) are super friendly.  They are moving soon, early 2013 I believe.  Don't go if you're in a rush.  When you order the schnitzel you'll often hear them pounding it out in the back.  A lot of dishes take 30+ minutes but thats what good, not-premade, family crafted food takes.

My favorites are the poutine (french fries covered with gravy and cheese curds) and the rosti (omg-wtf-awesome hashbrowns).  All of the main dishes I've tried were good (cabbage rolls, schnitzel, etc)
My Mother and Daughter and I went to Beaver Choice for lunch.  We arrived at 2 o'clock.  They made no mention of the fact they were closing at 2:30.  We ordered, waited (a lengthy wait) for our food and began to eat.  About 8 minutes later a young man comes to the table and offers us boxes, telling us we MUST leave since they are going to have a meeting! WHAT? We just spent 25 dollars and we are being kicked out?  We tried to scarf some food quickly (my Mother is elderly and cant really eat in the car) as they were pulling the food and napkins and drinks off of our table.  This had to be the rudest experience EVER in my 42 years.  The food was NOT great and they charge extra for ANYTHING, like 50 cents to add mayo, without letting me know they were adding an extra charge for mayo.  WE WILL NEVER GO BACK!
This snug little place is moving to a larger space in the new year - just to let you know. It'll be near Extension and Baseline. Now... the food is good and prepared while you wait and and unusual. Definitely go with the Swedish Pork Schnitzel and the beet salad. The saurkraut is divine as is the large lacy cookie to have after dinner. Service is efficient but you will wait for your meal to be prepared - not a place to be in a hurry, ok?? But it's worth the wait and I will definitely go back. But... I will skip the peas. They were boring. Sorry.
Dined here again and was pleasantly surprised to see that they added more dishes to their already delicious menu.  I tried a newer dish, swai fillet en papillote, and tasted some of the beef med lok (burger with sauteed onions).  The swai, baked in foil, was tender and moist, with a vibrant flavorful sauce.  The burger was excellent.  It had a nice slightly smoky flavor, and was perfectly grilled.  The sides, as always, are superb.  Service is always warm and friendly, and the family here really takes care of their customers, especially if you are a regular!  I am sad to see that they will be moving farther away from where I live (To Mesa, on the corner of Baseline and Extension) in February, but I'm excited for them.  The new location will be bigger in all aspects, from the kitchen to the dining room, with a nice outdoor patio, and will be full-service with a bar.  So enjoy the Tempe location while you can, and head on over to Mesa to enjoy their good eats when they move in February!
This is a small, quirky, family-run restaurant.   Maybe we went at a bad day, but they had real problems.

Service was way slow and confusing.   Other reviewers say this, and this does not rate 2 stars.     We got an appetizer plate that came with two small crackers, I asked for a couple more crackers it took like 10 minutes no kidding.    Bottom line is that they are stretched thin and very disorganized.  

A couple of the dishes were terrible.  We got a three kinds of baked casseroles (you have to order in advance).   One was some kind of tomato cream dish way too sweet and salty.  The other was some kind of potato fish bake, greasy, again way salty, and had bad fish smell.  Keep in mind that I like sardines, anchovies etc and that I like salty food.

We had a large party and asked for a few extra plates, were told there was usually a 4 dollar "plate fee" to cover dish washing cost.  Huh?

Atmosphere:  I usually don't care about atmosphere and I realize they had to rent a strip mall place, but too loud.   The eating area is small and has hard surfaces, and they had a boom box playing pop music.   Basically everyone had to talk louder, which echoed, which made everyone talk louder.    

We did get a few good items and I wish them the best of luck.   My advice to owners:

Simplify your menu, figure out popular dishes that you do well and cut out most of the rest, then try to organize your operation.   The biggest problem with small restaurants is sometimes trying to do too much.

Secondly cut the boom box.   Don't copy the worst of chain restaurants by providing "free" music, at least until you get better acoustics.

I don't own restaurant and if I did it would certainly fail, so take my advice for what it is worth.   This restaurant will be moving to new, larger location and if they don't prepare the problems could get much much worse.   Current staff and organization with bigger place would be disaster.

Good luck, would like to come back.
The name alone just begs one to try it out. Once inside you are greeted by some of the nicest people who ever existed. The meals are ram a lama delicious and the location is not too far from a hookah bar. The Swedish meatballs are a must but everything on that menu wants to be devoured.  Great place, good food. I recommend taking friends. Because eating alone makes you feel off. Well, it makes me feel off.
Three words...REAL HOME COOKING! This is a small hole in the wall run by a family. Came here tonight based on their yelp reviews & am not let down:)!!

If you don't have time to relax & wait for your food, don't come here just yet. They will be moving to a larger location in Feb 2013.
Great food and very nice and happy staff. Love to visit next time.
Holy delicious meatballs batman!!! This place is so damn good! After visiting Canada 5 years ago, I fell in love with poutine, nowhere in AZ was I able to find it... until now... GO HERE, EAT, BE HAPPY! Support local restaurants!
I really wanted to like this place, I really wanted to try this place! 
But, 3 times you are out!!
 I have attemeped to go to this place 3 times and they are always closed. I mean all 3 times I have driven all the way over there they are closed.
Tonight was the 3rd and final time.
I drove all the way over there Saturday Night 6:30pm. Closed!!
Big Help wanted sign in the winddow, that has been up there for about 2 months, I always see it when I go over there to try to eat here.

Why are they never open??
Why on a Staurday Night are they not open??
I give up!
I am not really familiar with Scandinavian cuisine but this was really good. I had the chicken schnitzel and tried the meat balls we ordered for our children and both were yum! Our kids devoured them before even touching the fries which is quite rare for them.  They also have an interesting assortment of sides with each meal.
Fantastic change of pace. I loved their Swedish meatballs with mashed potatoes and their Pork Schnitzel is also amazing. All dinners come with a multitude of delicious sides. Unfortunately, the atmosphere here is about as romantic as a K-mart -- Luckily they are moving to a new bigger and better spot on Baseline soon (hopefully without the florescent lighting). Bonus: The new spot with also have a bar - the owner showed me the plans.
This is my husband's favorite restaurant.  Everything is good, but what I truly appreciated was a homemade cheese dessert yumm.  Family owned restaurant and some of the nicest owners I have ever met.  They make you feel so welcome.  Totally unique place to eat in the valley.
Woooooo beavers choice!!! We havent even had the food yet but this place is totally awesome!!!
Great service, extremely nice owners, and most of all home made Swedish Meatballs.  

I am so glad I found The Beaver Choice.
The place is small and they use big round tables. which makes it even smaller to move around. This is a Polish run place and very child friendly. I could tell because there is a play corner and the stairs to toilet have a safety gate fitted. Their strength is on their menu: 

Crepes! 

Savoury and sweet. All prepared with free range eggs and organic ingredients. Apart from that they also serve up stroking, burgers and pirogi. they prepare everything from scratch, so you may have to ready for a wait. this place is .. eh.. cute. i don't know if they will grow bigger or even want to. the prices are to the cheaper end of scale. most expensive crepe is the "Mamma's Style" for £4.75 you get bacon, onion, mushroom and cheese. Their most expensive meal is a pulled pork cutlet in breadcrumbs, potatoes and salad.  Jimmy! No alcohol served here.

One mishap and I think they were truly and genuine embarrassed by it. We found a hair. MG really? - yes.. We were straight away offered a new pancake and discounts to our meal. But it did happen so a star down from me. - will go back for waffles next time!
Had classic sweet crepe and the polish tea (which is  black tea with honey and lemon piece) there. Not much seats in there, looks like about 4 or 5 table. Good place for drop by and have some drinks.
Now, this is my type of place. Edinburgh... you are getting to look all the same. The 'inspired British food' (cough) is no longer cutting it and every new bar that opens up looks a lot like the last new bar that opened up. 

Yellow Bench doesn't. They have promised that there is, indeed, a Yellow Bench to be on display at some point... 

Where else can I get an authentic Polish meal where you know the recipes come from a homemade Polish Mom kitchen. There were amazing weird little salads and perogies and delicious potato pancakes and I was just happy as a clam. 

The best part is... it's not horribly expensive, it feels homey and the food is not 'constructed' it's a MEAL. It's made with love and fresh ingredients and if the waitress had shouted into the back to ask if they had a replacement ingredient... the chef would have come out and given us a random selection of whatever they had because it's small, and it's quaint and it's Polish-ish still. 

Yelp. Sometimes, not often, but sometimes, you fuck places up. Do not ruin this place for me. I will murder you in your sleep (that is a mock threat Yelp Legal Team). 

see here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEdXhH97Z7E

This place is adorable and home-like and friendly and delicious and I love it and I want to bring everyone I like here and no one I don't like.
A lovely place with a lovely food. Staff very friendly and they have "slow food" sticker on the window! Interesting paintings on the walls and they are looking to turn downstairs into another room which is great. The only thing I didn't like was a size of their tables, too big for the place and made it look weird. Will be back for more and to see how are they doing. I really hope they will grow bigger and make the space more friendly. And I think it is the only place serves crepes on Leith Walk!! Should expect great things from them. Watch this space :-)
Now here's a pleasant surprise! 

Following the check-in of a regular Yelper I came across this place... thanks again Sara!

Disclaimer: I love Eastern European and Russian food.

Now that we've got that out of the way, I'll also say it's not everyone's thing... you won't necessarily get the complexity or presentation as you would from, say, a French restaurant, but after a night out or on a cold day you just can't beat this type of food for me and whether it be Asian, Eastern European, or American, fatty has never said no to any type of dumpling... NOM!

The gentlemen that served us was super nice and made us feel at home... I'm not sure if there hours are different, but us and several others were in far past the closing hours on Yelp for our particular evening and there wasn't even the slightest hint of "please hurry"... quite literally the opposite!

If you're familiar with this type of food then just head on down, the dumplings (pierogi) were top notch and everything else we sampled was spot on as well (traditional bigos, borscht, mix of salads) ... I honestly can't wait to get back at some point. We even made room for one of the waffles, which was also great and a good way to close out the meal.

The place itself isn't too large, but suitable... at the moment there was work going on the building on the outside so it was a bit hard to actually see the place initially, but hopefully when it's done it will stand out a bit and be easier to spot. 

My only gripe is that no cards are accepted, but the food's too good to let that stand in the way... they also don't serve beer or alcohol, but while a slight inconvenience it really does save you money in the end and they let you keep a few in their fridge while you work through your meal. 

If this isn't you're type of food then I doubt this place will convert you, but if you're generally a fan or haven't tried it yet and are looking for a different type of comfort food then do yourself a favour and give these guys a chance... it's five stars for me, no doubt, but I can see four for many others... I won't hold it against them. :)
Yellow Bench has a Yellow Bench outside. It does when it's open. For this reason, I marched straight past it when it wasn't quite open yet and realised too late that I had gone too far, and so from being slightly early to meet Sara C I went to being slightly late. But no matter. The bench was there when I returned and bears the charming legend "BY SITTING ON THIS BENCH I AM OPEN TO CONVERSATION WITH A COMPLETE STRANGER". (There's one of these outside Zupa too). One weekend when I have a free moment I intend to go and sit on that bench.

But anyway.

Yellow Bench is a sweet and small establishment on Leith Walk with a splendid line in Polish food. They've got a crepe-related check-in deal of which I totally need to take advantage sometime, since they also have a mighty fine crepe menu and I am a sucker for those flipping flippies. On this particular occasion, however, I had veggie golabki, a beautiful and flavoursome medley of vegetarian yummies and rice all stuffed into a cabbage leaf container, kind of like a floppy green burrito covered in yummy sauce. This was my first taste of Polish food and I confess I might be converted.  It was dee-LISH.

So, Yellow Bench, you are yet another lovely thing that I have found in my new neighbourhood (hat tip to Sara C) and I am very happy to be living near you, thank you.
This is a tiny little place that you'd never think to go in to. She was selling her wares at farmers markets and recently opened this location. We ordered pierogies to have for Christmas Day and decided to have lunch there when we went to go pick them up. We had the pork spare ribs with potato, peas and carrots. Yum! It was just like if we had gone to my mother in law's house to eat. There was nothing restauranty about it, just homey comfort food and plenty of it. I'm looking forward to eating the pierogies we brought home, I just hope I can make it until Christmas! If you can't make it to the restaurant you can go to the website and there is a list of farmers markets and times where you can find her food as well.
I work around the corner from these guys and considered going in there for months but never got around to it. I wish I'd gone sooner!! The Polish sausage was DELICIOUS and the bun was fresh and wonderful. It was a huge sausage, too! More than worth the $5.50. I also ordered the potato and cheese pierogies (something I'd never had in spite of being Polish by heritage) and they were to die for! I would often look at the menu and consider ordering some but never really felt like spending $7 for what I assumed would be a small order but just like with the sausage, they give you plenty for your money! Wonderful, fresh and healthy food and absolutely worth the price. The woman there was charming as could be and even offered to let me taste the sauerkraut for free (I can't comment on that; she had me taste it because I told her I didn't like sauerkraut and turns out I still don't!). Overall, it was a wonderful experience and I would recommend this place to anyone. Thinking I may try the meat pierogies tomorrow!
As close as I've ever gotten to being as good as my Babcias. The Potato and cheese pierogi are so good, served with fried onions and ham, with a side of sour cream. It is a bit far from my place but I will be going back. You can purchase the pierogi frozen to take home. Awesome.
What s secret treasure this place is. I had the polish and sauerkraut with a cheese crepe. Everything was great. The owner is adorable. The polish was HUGE and full of flavor. The crepes are warm and creamy. They melt in your mouth with goodness. I am so coming back to try one of the weekly specials. Their menu is simple but great
The place was clean.  They do encourage you to take out. Order was wrong peirogies mislabeled asked for mushroom  was labeled mushroom got meat.  The stuffed cabbage was undercooked  hopefully it was just a bad day for the kitchen.
Polish Goodies is something sort of strange.  When I came here, I had no problem believing that a large part of their business involved "exporting" their food to other venues ... the "restaurant" looks like a necessary afterthought.  And I put "restaurant" in quotes for good reason:  this literal hole in the wall, located around the corner in a non-descript, derelict shopping center looks like it used to be a former Chinese laundry:  the place is as large as my living room and has one of those tall front counters you used to drop your dry cleaning off at long ago.  The fact they don't take credit cards doesn't exactly help to cheer you up either.  

But then you run into the owner.  Frankly, a very cheerful and helpful person.  The day we were there, she was running it all herself and I frankly felt sorry for her (though there are literally only a few tables in the place, so she probably can manage it on her own).  It also helps (her), that the selection is pretty limited.  But what they DO have is decently priced and lip-smackingly delicious.  What a difference from, say, pretentious "A Touch of Europe" cafe in Glendale, which fools naive Americans into believing that they should pay lots of money for mediocred-sized portions of food, that people in Poland eat everyday and is only special in Arizona, because most Poles who come here don't open restaurants  (try getting away with those prices and attitude in Chicago or New York, where there's real competition!).

Polish Goodies, I wish you had a bigger place, with a larger selection and maybe not serve my meal on paper plates --- a larger selection of beverages would be nice, too.  But for what you are and what you offer -- and for what you charge -- it's pretty hard to complain (even though I ALWAYS find something to complain about).  

KUDOS
There is convenient parking right outside along the building which was nice. Although the place doesn't look like much on the outside or inside, it's the friendly service and delicious food that counts. 

Half of the menu (left side) can be ordered when you get there, but the other half (right side = weekly specials) must be ordered with a call ahead of time. I wanted a weekly special since I made the long drive down, but that's okay, now I know. I ordered the potato and cheese pierogies which were freshly made and extremely delicious. They are dumplings stuffed with a potato and cheese mixture topped with sautéed onions and bacon with a side of sour cream. 

The place itself is extremely small. There are maybe 4 tables. It's less of a dine in and more of a take-out kind of place. I don't advise large groups to come in. There is no seating outside and even water is $1 because they don't provide tap water, only bottled water. 

The owners are a Polish couple who are extremely sweet and kind. They are very friendly and respectful and treat their customers very well. With that being said, the service was excellent. 

I really hope they eventually expand into the next store which seems to be vacant and create a restaurant. With some advertisement they would be packed from the food and service alone.
Fantastic change of pace. I loved their Swedish meatballs with mashed potatoes, and their Pork Schnitzel is also amazing. All dinners come with a multitude of delicious sides. Unfortunately, the atmosphere here is about as romantic as a K-mart -- Luckily they are moving to a new bigger and better spot on Baseline very soon (hopefully without the florescent lighting). Bonus: The new spot with also have a bar - the owner showed me the plans.

UPDATE - New Location is open!
Amazing, amazing, amazing! We love this place it's so worth the wait. Quality people and phenomenal food!
Great meal! The food here is fresh and "easy on the body" as mentioned on their website. I can see why Beaver's Choice food was chosen to be served at Nobel Prize Banquet.
Hope to go tonight and see the new menu and the new location.  It's going to be great and we can't wait!  Congratulations on the move to Baseline Rd in Mesa.  Tons more space.  Wishing you all much success on your next first day.
Love this so much that whenever anyone asks where I want my birthday dinner, this is it.  Went for lunch just after their grand opening. The new place is beautiful and you still get to see Hannah running the show.  The day we went, there were a few staff issues and then the computer went down. If you were there at the same time, fyi, this is not the way Beaver Choice runs, so don't let it stop you from returning. 

I'm with Michael C., love the Swedish meatballs, my companion loves the chicken schnitzel.  I didn't see any anchovy laced burgers on the lunch menu this time - guess I'll just have to go back and check later!
Been to old location too and the food is good but just not worth the wait.  Waited for over an hour for our food, no one came to refill drinks,  said something to owner but  she didnt do much and spent time telling us why we had to wait so long.  Food was cold and they need to hire more staff, buysboys, waiter, ect.
I was so excited when the new location finally opened in Mesa.  I have been a loyal fan of Beaver Choice, and have highly recommended to all my friends to try it.  Tonight, I was extremely disappointed at the whole dining experience. 

We had all placed our orders at the same time. The waitress indicated that the kitchen was behind and it will take about 5-10 minutes to put the ticket inside.  We agreed.  Another friend came after we just placed the order, sat over 20 minutes without any type of service (no water or even a menu).  She had to get up to ask for them.  I know you have expanded but might just need to hire more staff to help on weekends.  We all had to ask for refills many times.    

After 1/2 hour of waiting, we noticed the tables around came after us got their food
even few ate and left.  I felt it was a deja vu moment reminded me the very first time I visited in the Tempe location.  They had lost our ticket and we waited over an hour too. However, the owner came out to our table to apologize.  

This time when the owner came around to chat, we mentioned we have not received our food and indicated that tables around already ate and left. By now, it's over an hour!  
We are very patient people, others would have left by now.     

The owner came back with our waitress showing us the time that the waitress placed our orders on the POS receipt.  We knew we had placed the orders way before time indicated on the receipt.  The owner kept telling us they prepare it freshly and will take time to cook.  Again, I was loyal customer so I should know how long a normal schnitzel takes.  Over 1 hour is just unacceptable!  I felt I was in the episode of Amy's Baking Company when the owner accused the customers they were wrong.  I know the owner here is not Amy and Sammy. The family working in this establishment are much better than that.   I really hope tonight was just an one-time incident.
Ok, I think I am going to be booed for this.  Yes, 2 stars!  I have heard so much great things about their food at the Tempe location.  Bummed when I finally had time they closed and was moving to the Mesa location.  So when L said they are open NOW, lets go I was drooling...  =)  

The Mesa location is new, nice, and clean.  It was pretty roomy too.  Got there at 6:20pm, we had a reservation for 6 to 7 people at 6:30pm.  They tired to give us a table for 4, so we had to stress that we have 6 to 7 people.  They sat us in a corner table but it was only for 5.  We had to ask for 2 more chairs twice.  Service was very slow (snail speed).  Our other 3 people finally joined us around 6:40 and then 6:45pm.  We ordered drinks and app.  We got the poutine (french fries covered in cheese curds and gravy) not on the menu.  The drinks and the app came out quick.  Yum!  We munched and then she came back to take our order around 7:05pm.  She told us that the kitchen was backed up and was going to put our ticket in in 5 mins so all the dishes would come out together and hot.  

Ok.  fast foward to 7:50pm.  The app was licked clean, drinks are empty, and we are straving.  After watching a few tables that came after us eat and left, we were feeling like did they lose our ticket?  We flagged the another server down to check because we have not see our server for the last 20 mins or more.  She told us our ticket is 4th  in line, but she couldn't tell us how much longer.  How did our ticket get push that far back?  Especially watch people that came after us get food.

The owner, she was making her rounds with the tables.  She came to ours and thought we were finished.  Oh NO, we have not received our food yet.  We told her we have been waiting for almost 1 hour.  I have proof, I have been bored and I was taking pictures and the time is stamped on them.  The owner came back from the kitchen with the POS receipt and said we didn't put in our order until 7:28pm.  OH NO, we gave our order to the server a little after 7pm, if she choose to sit on it for over 20 mins that is not my problem.  YOU JOKING?  The serve came back and told us I told you I was going to put your order in after 10 mins.  Oh no, you said 5 min.  Either way, ordered at 7:05 + 10 mins = 7:15pm not 7:28pm.  They blamed that it was that we were waiting for people.  So how in the heck did you get their orders if they were not here yet?  WHAT?  OK, now I am hungry and pissed.  It is 8;05pm now.  My butt can tell me how long I have been sitting.  

At 8:19pm the food FINALLY got here.  And guess what?  Some of the orders were wrong; most of the food was on a cold plate with luke warm food; and then a food runner showed up with an extra plate of food.  OMG, what a cluster fxck!  We were scope sides of other's plates and trading food until we assembled something close to what we ordered.  

We were finished eating and then the wait for the bills.  We all had our wallets out and were ready.  She dropped off the bills and we asked her for a box togo.  Nothing.  Then she came back to pick up the money & bills.  Took another 10 mins before the change is coming back.  Then the wait for the togo box starts.  We finally left at 9:05pm.  I am grouchy and my butt hurts from sitting so long (extra grouchy now).  I hate to give family establishments a bad review but my first expirence was just horrible!!!!  Maybe it was just a 1-off incident?
This new location is much bigger and better appointed than the previous one.  The interior is bright and has a variety of seating arrangements - booths, regular tables and chairs, and bar seating. I came at 1:30 pm so that the lunch crowd was mostly leaving, and one of the servers told me to seat myself anywhere I wanted. I ordered the chicken schnitzel with dill mashed potatoes as a side, and since 3 side salad choices also come with the meal, I got the beet salad, green beans, and broccoli. The food was excellent - just as it was in the previous location. Before coming here, I noted that one of the issues from some of the previous reviews is the long waiting time for groups. I timed the length of the wait to get my order; I got my food 20 minutes after I gave the order, which I think is not an unreasonable length of time to prepare the dinner combination I ordered. I also noticed that a family of 4 that came at about the same time I did also got their food at the same time I did. Note, though, that this was after the lunch rush. I guess it takes a longer time to prepare all the dishes ordered by larger groups of people, especially during the peak times of lunch and dinner. After lunch the restaurant closes at 2:30 and reopens for dinner at 5 pm.
I saw Beaver Choice profiled a long time ago on Eden Eats and always wanted to try it.  I was driving to work one day and drove right past the new place, and was so excited.  It is literally 3 minutes from my house and about 5 minutes from where I work.  Heck, I even emailed the owner to ask when it would be open.  And got a very nice email back too.  

So last Saturday, me, my daughter and my friend went in and got seated right away.  The waiter was pretty good too.  Good start

We got the fries with cheese and gravy to start.  It was ok, but most importantly, fresh, and hot.  Then our dinner came, and it was a different story.  

I got the stuffed chicken, mashed potatoes, salad and cole slaw.  My daughter got a hamburger, medium, and salad.  And my friend got meatballs, mashed potatoes and cole slaw.  The mashed potatoes were cold.  My daughter's hamburger was well done, and the bun was ice cold.  The dressing on the salad was tasteless as well.  Not horrible, but definitely room for improvement.

So we have cold food and an incorrectly cooked meat.  But you know what the clencher was?  We called the owner over and told her the food was cold.  She didn't say a word, and walked away, never to return.  Didn't offer to reheat the food, maybe throw in a dessert, nothing.  But she was sure greeting people with hugs when they walked in the door, prior customers I think.   You'd think she'd work a little harder to keep new customers.  After all, wasn't that why she moved, to expand her business?

Guess what?  I live close, and also work at a very close and large office building.  We go out to lunch a lot.  You better believe I won't be back, and won't bring any of my friends and coworkers in either.   There's never an excuse for poor customer service, especially by the "OWNER" of the restaurant.  A waiter, usually nothing to lose.  The owner has everything to lose.  I hope she reads this.
I had never heard of this place until I saw their sign go up in my neighborhood.  I've never had Scandinavian cuisine before and was anxious to try it.  I got on their website and read some very excellent reviews from prestigious food critics, and having just had my first lunch there, I couldn't agree more.

Their new bistro has Swedish decor and everything is brand new.  Very nice atmosphere for dining.  The owner is adorably charming and she personally greeted us and spent time with all of the customers.  She was very hospitable and makes it a point to explain the origins of anything on the menu you have questions about.

The food was spectacular!  I had the Pork Schnitzel Cordon Bleu and my wife had the Salmon burger with Swedish Shrimp Salad.  Each dish came with a choice of 3 side salads and a side dish.  It sounds like a lot of food but the side portions are small and designed to give a nice variety to your palate.  I can't say enough about the quality of the food.  It tasted very homemade and you could tell that a lot of time goes into the preparation.  They also have a large selection of bottled European beers.

As we were leaving we overheard the owner (Hanna) say, "I'd rather have 20 happy customers than 100 unhappy customers."  I would encourage those who have given a bad review to give them another try in this new location.  Their menu is new and they are adding to it once the dishes are "perfected".

By the way, the owner was born in Poland, raised in Sweden, and spent many years in Montreal, Quebec.  The beaver is the national animal of Canada, hence the unusual name "Beaver Choice".
LOVE THIS PLACE! You walk in and are instantly greeted by the charming family. I was hesitant at first, but, my husband read good reviews on Yelp! Instantly, we fell in love with the food! EVERYTHING  is sooo flavorful. The schnitzel is AMAZING! This place deserves 6 stars in my book!
I ate at their Tempe location before they moved and had a good experience.  I was excited when they finally opened at their new location.  A friend and I went a few days after they opened and were looking forward to a nice meal.  We were prepared to be very patient because we knew that they were just opened and the staff were still learning.  It was a hot day outside and it felt stuffy inside, so we casually mentioned to our server that it felt warm inside the restaurant and maybe they could check the temperature.  Well, that is when the whole experience went downhill.  A minute later we heard the female owner speaking very loudly near the servers station that it was 76 degrees...it is 76 degrees, she kept loudly repeating that it was 76 degrees.  She then came over to our table and very rudely told us that the thermostat said 76 degrees, so why did we say it was warm?  We just simply said that it felt warm to us and she then proceeded to tell us that we should get up and go look at the thermostat.  It was an extremely off putting experience.  Her tone and demeanor was very unfriendly and we felt like we had been scolded by our grandmother.  

In my opinion, the food here is a little pricey, but has tasted pretty good when we have eaten there before.  However, my friend and I both felt afterwards that it is not a place that we would ever go again because of the attitude and tone in which we were spoken to. It is a shame, but you can't treat people that way and expect them to come back.  I hope they read this review so they can learn from our experience and prevent further damage to their business reputation.
My wife and I enjoyed both our meals, the meatballs are amazing and ALL the sides are great as well.  Our waitress gave good advice on what to order and she was always there to refill our drinks.  The owner is a sweat heart and you can really tell she cares about her business.  I will be telling all my window cleaning customers to eat at Beaver Choice because good cooking is hard to find in Arizona.
My first foray into Scandinavian food and Beaver's Choice 

They recently moved and after a 4 month wait they reopened to a newly remodeled place. The new place looks pretty great, I never visited the old location beyond peering at it from the outside but this place is a clear upgrade based on the aesthetics alone. 

Food:

The poutine was ok, not amazing but decent. Wish they used better fries. (Hand cut would be better)

I had the Laxpudding and friend had the Kottbuller (Swedish Meatballs). 
If your not a fan of dill and sour notes you might find the food here agreeable to your palate but it was nice contrast to my usual eatings.

The best part of the food here in my opinion was the three sides that accompany your meal. I had pickled beets, broccoli, and the house cole slaw. Get the beets! The beets are good.

Foods on the pricey side but finding Swedish food is hard in Arizona beyond an Ikea.
Also talking with the fam as we waited for our takeout was great fun. 

I'm guessing the poor reviews on service below can be attributed to people coming in during peak hours because my experience was quite different. (Also they make everything to order and look like their still adjusting to the size of their new restaurant from our conversation)
We went to the old location about 18 months ago, and after visiting their new home, it was a breath of fresh air to be greeted by Chef Hanna  upon arrival.  She is the sweetest and most passionate lady - and it's always an honor to have her prepare food for you.  We brought our appetite, and started with the small order of poutine - which is Canadian comfort food at it's best, eh?  Crispy fries with fresh cheese curds and delicious gravy peppered with parsley - it's just yum.  Then, for the main course, I had the cordon bleu and Angie ordered the schnitzel.  The side items are artfully prepared, I had couscous / potato and dill salad / beet salad for mine and they were spot on.  You can tell that everything is fresh, and no expense is spared in putting her passion on a plate.  It probably wasn't, but the food tasted better this time around, and I'm already excited to go back for the two items she promised: spaetzle and her Beaver Supreme dessert!
I used to visit them when they were on Broadway and it always took too long so even though the food was always amazing we stopped going because of the delays. now this new place is something completely different, very quick service and the food was just a amazing as it always has been. Beaver's choice make the best schnitzel I've had in the USA(other then my own ;-)) and I would recommend it to anybody with a need for healthy good nutritious food any day.
This place is the best! I've been a regular since their smaller Tempe location.  Delicious home made food. Everything they make comes from real ingredients - meat, veggies, etc. - no weird crap. It literally is like someone's mom cooked your food (and often someone's mom did make it - Hanna is the owner and matriarch of the nice family that owns it). 

The new location is absolutely gorgeous - a great place for a nice meal. 

They are warm and loving to their clientele. If you want a place that serves delicious food, great hospitality, gorgeous ambiance at a great price, go to Beaver Choice. 

All the food is cooked to order. The one thing is that the service tends to be a little slower paced than lets say a place like APplebees or Chiles. But those places serve junk. High quality food takes just a bit longer and its worth the wait! 

Go to Beaver Choice! Try the Schnitzel or Swedish Meatballs (or anything else on the menu). You won't regret it!!!!!
the food is great, the people are monsters.  i have loads to say about them, but its really not worth talking about.  i would suggest getting everything take out.
I have never had Scandanavian food. I had no clue what to expect. But I joined some of my fellow yelpers for the international supper club and boy am I glad I did. The food was fantastic. 5 stars all the way. The reason I still gave it 4 stars is that they seem to be experiencing some small growing pains and service is a little slow but they were very friendly and accomodating. I am sure they will get this worked out and it will be a 5 star experience soon! I can't wait to go back and try more menu items.  I had the Jaeger Schnitzel..? I am probably really spelling that wrong but it was so yummy. The sides were all really good as well. I had the dill potato salad...So much flavor. Tomato basil, saurkraut, and cole slaw were all really good as well. Great compliments to the meal. Everything that the other party members had looked good too.
I came here for the very first time for the 3rd get together of the International Supper Club UYE. I am told this is their new location. It just opened 3 weeks ago and it is very nice. Open and bright. Color changing lights under the bar. Cool pictures on the walls. Very nice glass tables.

I was one of the first to arrive in our group. I was going to hang out outside until more arrived but upon finding out there was a bar I hightailed it inside. I was going to order a beer but was a little dumbfounded by the beer selection. No beers on tap just all import beer. I like import beer and am willing to try new things but I had never heard of any of these beers and didn't know which one to pick. Plus my budget was a little tight so it was probably a good thing that I passed on it. Pretty soon others started to show up and when the majority of us were there they showed us to our table. Water, silverware and menus were pasted out and good conversations were started. Looking over the menu I again was at a lost as to what to get. I was told Schnitzel was the thing to have. Upon further study of the menu I see that the Chicken Cordon Bleu Schnitzel was toted as their signature dish. Well First time at a place you should try the signature dish so the decision was made. I also wanted to try the Poutine, french fries with brown gravy and cheese curds, but again the budget was tight. Something for next time.

Our waiter came out an introduced himself and he and another waitress helping out took the food orders. Each taking a side of the table. The owner's son also came out and introduced himself and gave us a little history of the place. He let us know if we had any questions about the food to ask him as most of the staff was new and didn't quite know all of the menu yet. After a little wait a few apps came out. Others had ordered the Poutine. I looked at it across the table jealously. The food took a little while to come out. It seemed longer with no bread or anything to munch on while waiting. Others have mentioned long waits for food with large groups and our group was 13 strong. But dishes started to come out slowly. Apparently each waitperson entered their orders in a different POS terminal and they were having problems with one of the terminals so one side of the tables orders came out first. It was not a big deal and my side of the table only had to wait a little while longer to get our food. The other side's food looked and smelled very good.

Finally my food came out. You get to choose 3 salad options and one side with each entree. I picked sauerkraut, garden salad, potato salad and french fries. Everything was very good. The garlic vinaigrette for the salad had a very good flavor and the mushroom gravy on top of the Schnitzel was the perfect accent. With a little sauerkraut mixed in it was even better. Even the fries were piping hot and dipped in the gravy were approaching divine. I give more credit to the gravy on that point.

The whole evening was very good. Everyone had a great time. Much thanks to Monica O. and Ursula D. for putting these UYEs together. There has not been a bad one yet. The owner even came out and introduced herself as well. With a bandage on her face from having a procedure the day before she was still at work hustling around. The staff and the owners were all very nice. I don't come over to this side of town much any more but I will definitely be back here. I only gave it 4 stars this time as they were still working out the bugs after just opening 3 week ago but with a local place you expect a few rough edges that is one of the reasons we like them. A future visit might bump it up to 5 stars. I can't wait to come back.
First time at the new location--been to the previous several times before.  What a contrast between the two locations.  The new one is so much larger and has a bar.

Our party of five arrived 45 minutes prior to closing.  We were merrily greeted, seated, and had our drink orders taken,  After exploring the menu we ordered the Polish Sampler, Stuffed Chicken, Pork Cordon Bleu, and Pork Jager Schnitzel.    We were all happy with our dishes and shared tastes with each other.  The plates were clean at the end.  We stayed nearly 30 minutes past closing yet the staff continued to be gracious and courteous.  As we left the owner stopped us and chatted as well as checking to see if we enjoyed our meal.

Going to Beaver Choice is like going to a relatives place to eat.  The staff treats us like family.  And the food portions are very generous.  Bring your appetite and enjoy the experience.
I love this place. Finally made it over to the new location, and things have only improved from before. The food is still amazing, home cooked and delicious. You can tell that a lot of time and care has been put into the dishes. I've never been disappointed in anything I've ordered. The menu warns two particular dishes can take 45 minutes to prepare (Flying Jacob and Fish Bake in Caviar Sauce), but they are worth every minute of the wait. The prices, too, are even less than I'd expect to pay for such quality of food.

The new location brings a much larger dining space, and a liquor license. They have a unique selection of eastern European beers that you don't get to try just anywhere. We tried three different Polish beers and they were all quite tasty.

This place still maintains its personal touch. Hanna and her family (the owners) were still on site, circulating the dining room, talking to customers, answering a few of our questions about the origins of the dishes. You can tell how proud they are of their cuisine. I wish I lived closer so I could stop by more frequently!
A full count for tonight's UYE International Supper Club! It was my first time trying Beaver Choice and Scandanavian food, nothing better than an authentic local restaurant to do both. After much deliberation I went with their signature dish, Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu, made with french crème brie cheese, smoked ham, and topped with a side of porcini mushroom gravy, melt in your mouth goodness. It came with 3 choices of salad and a side dish, such a deal and a party for the pallet. I had the green salad(plain but refreshing), tomato basil(burstng with flavor) and the beet salad (which I know doesn't sound delightful considering it's beets) it was blended in a cream and was almost like having a tangy dessert, loved it! For my side dish I chose the savory pan fried potatoes with thyme, yum! I appreciated that two of the owners came to out to offer their assistance on answering any questions, and asked for ways they could improve, a nice personable touch and all the more reason to enjoy eating local. Great food and service!
I'll be back, I still need to try the bacon and goat stuffed chicken, and let's not forget dessert!!!
I came here with the ISC crew and I ended up liking the place a lot more than I expected to. The new location is clean and bright (maybe too bright, they need to add some blinds to block the afternoon sun!) and very cheerful. Our service was good... there were a few mix-ups but that is expected with a large party.

The best part was the food. I got the Polish sampler and I couldn't believe how much food I got. Stuffed cabbage (golumpkis) and a few perogis plus the main attraction, either bratwurst or kielbasa) along with three veggie side (aka salad) choices and one starch. The portions of each of the veggie sides were fairly small but if there is something you really like you can double (or triple) up. For me, I wanted to try as many as possible so I got a variety. Pickled beets, green bean salad, tomato salad and Rosti (potato pancake). I know that for those of you who don't regularly eat Eastern European food some of these items may not sound so appealing but believe me when I tell you they were all delicious. My husband got the pork Schnitzel with the beef and mushroom gravy (Jagerschnitzel) and he was even more happy with his meal. Pretty much everyone at the table was remarking on how  good the food was and how much you got for your money.

Fortunately this place is not to far away from my home so I definitely will return!
Went to Beaver Choice with the International Supper Club UYE on a wed evening, this was the place that was picked. I was very excited to try them out, heard a lot of good things from friends so I wanted to find out for myself.

I was given the heads up to make sure to call our reservations in early, that they need time to set up and prepare for parties, so I calld a week in advanced and let them know that I needed a reservation for a party of 15 for Wed at 6:30pm, they seemed a little hesitant so I wasn't sure how the night was going to go when we got there.

We showed up Wed and everything was set up perfectly, Chris, the owners son, showed us where our table was, and was very helpful throughout the entire evening. 

Since I'm watching my calories (who does that when dinning on great food!!!) and my budget (why wasn't I just born a billionaire???)  I asked my best friend if she was up to splitting a dish with me, and she said yes! Perfect!  So we decided on the Schnitzel Cordon Bleu- it was a flatted out chicken breast with smoked ham, imported French crème brie cheese (heaven!!!!) and this delish mushroom gravy, we also had to pick out 3 side salads, and we went with tomato basil, green salad and my best friend was dead set on having the beet salad, she doesn't put her foot down often but that night it was beet salad, and I was thinking OMG that stuff is all yours, who eats beets! haha and with it was pan fried thyme potatoes.

Our food came out, and they even gave us an extra plate, the dish looked amazing, when I got to taste the chicken cordon bleu, I was upset that I didn't just order the dish for myself, so tasty!  But I have to say even though I was not feeling the beet salad, that stuff was amazing, I can't even describe it, it was light, creamy, tad bit sweet. Who would have known!

Though we were there for a while, I wouldn't really say service was slow. Chris told us that they have only been in the new place for 3 weeks and at their old place in Tempe it was just him and his parents who waited tables & cooked; now they have a staff and they are all learning everything together. So I'm excited to come back in a few months to see how they are doing!

Great choice for the International Supper Club UYE to have picked! Enjoyed everything and hope to be back soon!
I had high hopes for this place, and did not get what I was hoping for.  Service was very slow, they were out of what I ordered, and the prices were VERY high.  Food was just OK, nothing to rave about.  Very odd place.
Very cool little place. I'd never been to the old location, but this one has a good number of tables and boothes, a tiny bar w/ seating, and a small patio.

I came here w/ a large group and they were very accommodating, even when it came to split checks!

Theres nothing like starting out a meal by sharing some Quebec poutine w/ your Wonder Twin... Get your minds out of the gutter, kids! Quebec poutine is what they call their fries that come smothered in cheese curds and gravy. Delicious.

I also had the Polish sampler. You get a choice of 3 salads (dont worry, theyre tiny), the choice of a woodsmoked sausage or bratwurst, 3 pierogies, and a cabbage roll. I  grew up on this type of meal, so I was very interested to see if it was "done right". I.E. just like my cousins Nana used to make (she was straight off the boat).

The salads were great. I opted for the tomato basil, potato, and green. The patato was by far some of the best Ive had outside of a cookout. The pierogies were good, and Im usually not a fan of pan fried pierogies. I got 2 cheese and potato and one cabbage mix. Even the golumpki (actually what a cabbage roll is called) was good. I grew up hating these, but the meat filling in this one was a very nic compliment to the not overly cooked cabbage on the outside. My Mom would be so proud that I ate the whole thing, though I didnt entirely care for the sauce they smothered it in. That sauce and my sausage being overdone are the only reason I gave this place 4 and not 5 stars.

I'd definitely recommend this place if youre a fan of old world comfort food. Gero apetito!
OK if you can believe it ,we finally made it here and they were open. It was a Friday night and we called before coming, just to make sure that they would be open.
If you read my reviews you know that i had gone to the one in Tempe 3x's and every time they were closed.

Anyway, here we are. If we did not know what we were looking for we never would of found it.   It is located in a very strange shopping center. So it is not like you would just be driving by and say ,hey let's stop here ,there is a great looking place to eat.

Well, we were seated right away and then we sat. We sat for a very long time. They were quite busy. But, they only had 2 Servers. Plus one bus person.
It was clear they were very overwhelmed. 
They need at least 4 servers and The Bartender should help a bit I think.
He was just standing behind the bar doing a whole lot of nothing while everyone else seemed to be working hard.

It is decorated nicely. We modern Europe for sure.
One of the bus girls that came later explanied some of the terms on the menu ,which we were not familar with and then so did the waiter.
Luckily we had ordered an appitizer or we would of starved for sure.
45 min it took to get our meals. 
We had to flag someone down several times to get drink refills. Other wise we were just sitting there with no food and no drink.

I think the owner should of been going around doing everyones drinks or something. She was going around talking to guests. But, she should be an active part of the serving process as well. When you see your staff is falling behind, you have to help them.
 When the food did come out it was fantastic! I mean truly fantastic.
So that is why I am giving them 4 stars. I would eat there again because, great food is the only reason. 
Please get more help. You need more people working there.

Bathrooms are nice and clean, and there is lots of parking in the lot.

If you bring childern with you, make sure you bring them something to eat and  something to do while they wait for there food.
My daughter has been bragging about this restaurant and I did not know what to expect. I have never had anything on this menu so I ordered the cordon bleu which was reccommended to me by my daughter. I was very pleasantly surprised. The chicken was moist, very flavorful, and really different from anything I have ever had in a good way! The sides are plentiful and they have some really great selections. My favorite sides were the coleslaw, dill potato salad, and saurkraut. Service was good, the place wasn't very busy though at lunch. Food came out quickly and was nice and hot. 

The server kept our drink refilled and was very friendly. This is going to be a new favorite of mine I can see!
A lot of my friends had been talking about this place! So, my boyfriend and I tried it. The waitress/ hostess was awesome! She was very helpful with questions and attentive. I got the chicken Schinzel cordon bleu on a bun. It was great. I've never had Scandinavian/polish food. I would definitely go again!
They nailed exactly what they are trying to do hear with Scandinavian food. Problem is that it's not the right genre for me. Poutine was lights out though.
I wouldn't say Scandinavian is close to the top of my list of dining choices. So please, take this with a grain of salt. The dinner meals were about $15 each ($20 with tax and tip). This certainly surpasses the upper end of what I like to spend on a casual meal. Add a drink to that and you're headed to low $20+. The meals are larger than one person needs - but not quite large enough for two; the wife and I shared, but both left a bit hungry.

Everyone in the family appears to be lending a hand somewhere here, managing, serving, cooking, seating, and so on. The food itself I found to be done well enough and everyone there made you feel welcome and appreciated, like a member of their own family. I couldn't be happier with the service itself, and again, I wouldn't consider myself an aficionado when it comes to Scandinavian, but just about everything on the menu was fried, potatoes, or fried potatoes, so dieters beware. With that nugget of wisdom, I'd have preferred something not quite as fried.

Happy Yelping Phoenix. (err Tempe)
I went to Beaver Choice when it was in its Tempe location and today decided to take my mother to the new location in Mesa. The new place is beautifully decorated and Beaver Choice is no longer the dive of yore. Every time I've been I've found the staff friendly and attentive. The fact that it's a family owned and operated establishment is not lost on me. 

Today's problem was partially my fault. The waitress described the pierogi plate to me, so I assumed it was one of their lunch specials. I ordered the dish, opting for half mushroom/kraut, and half cheese/potato, with the beet salad,  spinach salad, and green bean salad. My Mom chose peas off of their salad list, assuming it was a pea salad.

The pierogis were tiny. I enjoyed my salads, but my spinach salad contained no spinach and was instead mixed greens. What mom though was going to be pea salad was merely cold peas. She told me they tasted like someone had allowed peas to that in the fridge and then served them. She offered to let me try them, but I declined. The sauerkraut was also lackluster and may have been canned.

I would say that the biggest disappointment was the check. We both felt that 13.95 was a bit much to charge for this dish. I admit this was my fault, as I should have asked the price. The next time I go for lunch I'll stick to the sandwich menu.

I've been on other occasions and really do like the schnitzel and stuffed cabbage.
The owners could not be more happy to ensure a good dining experience. As they just moved in the last few months to the location off Baseline Rd, they are working out how to serve a larger crowd. I went last night and boy the food was as good as it gets. My husband and Ihad the Herring plate, Captain's fish, Holsteiner schnitzel and crepes for desert. You just can't get this anywhere else; I did drive from Tucson to check them out. If only I could because my food although did take some time getting to the table, was so good we ordered the Herring plate after our meals came out, because the food disappeared and we were still hungry. I really want to try the Flying Jacob dish, but with a notice that it will take 45 minutes to prepare, I need to find just the right timing as I have to drive home after an hour and 45 minutes. We started eating ordering at 730 so it was too late to invest in that dish.....but how i'm now wishing.......Check out Beaver Choice, the owner Hanna likely will greet you,chat with you, and let you know she's personally going to make sure you get good plates of authentic Scandinavian fare that meet her standards.
Glad we went. The food was tasty albeit a tad boring for my spicy palate.  It was nice to have muliple side dishes to choose from. The restaurant is very nice in yet another unassuming strip mall. We were pleasantly surprised.  Kuddos for a family run business!
Five of us went last night to check out the new location.  It's spacious, bright and cheerful.  The food, as usual, was exceptional!  Two of us had the pork schnitzel, one had the chicken Codon Blue schnitzel, one had the Swedish meatballs and the other not-so-adventurous eater had the Angus burger.  We tried many different sides and salads including cole slaw, marinated green beans, beet salad, potato salad, dill mashed potatoes and pan-fried potatoes.  Everyone had fun trying each other's .  All were delicious!!  For dessert we shared two orders of apple strudel--amazing!!   I also enjoyed a L:ithuanian beer that was recommended by our waiter.  Speaking of our waiter, he helped to make a great night even better with attentive service and sense of humor!  The owner was friendly and funny and welcoming.  We can't wait to go back!!
HORRIBLE......price, service, food, experience.  WILL NEVER RETURN.  
The doors were unlocked and there were people in there eating.  Then the owner came out of the back and said we are closed until 5 pm.  It was 4:30.  I guess proof that the service is horrible and slow was that lunch ends at 2 and they are closed from 2-5 but the couple at the table was still there eating.  Anyways they did let us come in and they offered us a glass of water...that took 15 minutes to get to the table.  When a server finally arrived through the front door all sweaty, he came to bring us menus.  Now it is 5:15. He brought us water and then started to take it away because we already had some, we asked him if we could keep it and it was a good thing we did as he never came back to refill glasses.  He never asked if we wanted anything else to drink and we were going to order a new kind of beer.  We ordered.  It was. 40 minutes before the first plate came and we had no silverware....when we asked the server said, no I gave you flatware already, really? do you see any here? another 10 minutes before the second plate came out and it was cold and was sent back.  There was a bone chip in the sausage.  At each table you could here the servers saying they were out of pierogies and then they were out of baklava, then they were out of......the owner lady started chatting at tables and told everyone she was out of pierogies because she only makes them on Tuesday her prep day..it was Friday.   So all the food must be leftover if she only preps on Tuesday.  VERY DISAPPOINTED, WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.  my one star rating is one star too much, but the lowest score you can give..
As a former customer of the Tempe location we finally stopped at the new location in Mesa. First impressions are always important and we were blown away with the décor .It's simply spectacular.  If you had the opportunity to dine in the Tempe location you must go to the new one. Talk about night and day!  Great new menu with an amazing beer and wine list too. The bar area is awesome and the barmaid was very nice and informative. 

Susie our server was outstanding and covered the specials and was very knowledgeable about the menu. She was very friendly too. Great addition to the staff. 

I finally had the time to try the Flying Jacob entrée and it didn't disappoint one bit. My Polish wife enjoyed the stuffed cabbage. Everything was great! Food was prepared in very reasonable time and presented beautifully.  With all the sides we waddled out with bags of leftovers and a smile on our face.

Last but not least Hanna, Chris, and her family are still the same sweethearts that they were before. They just beam with pride over the new location and should.

Try it you will be thrilled as we were.
You can find my review from my first visit under their first location. For some reason the reviews did not follow, so here is the "update".

Food - As good as it gets. From the Poutine to the Cabbage Rolls, and ending with the French Press Coffee and Strawberry Crepes. Everything I have had feels authentic, tastes amazing, and the family that runs the place is flawless.
Hanna Gabrielsson is your mother away from home. She greets you with the most warmth and love of any restaurant owner I've met.

I stand by my original review which I'm going to paste below. The new place is beautiful. The location, size, and staff are par with the atmosphere Beaver Choice has created. I drive over 30 miles each way to eat here, and I will make that drive over and over again. I will do it for the family, for the fun, but mostly FOR THE FOOD. Original review below.

"I drove 45 minutes from Happy Valley to try this place out, and it was worth every minute. The people who run the place are almost as amazing as the food they serve. We tried the Poutine, Crab Cake, Schnitzel, and my favorite the Cabbage Rolls (freakin' amazing). To top it off dessert consisted of 3 "Beaver Balls" and the "Cookie" Sandwich. I'm not one for coconut, so I didn't try the Beaver Balls, but my friends loved em, and the Cookie Sandwich was a great way to end a phenomenal meal. The entree's come with a side, along with 3 types of salads of your choice. I can not WAIT till they open their 2nd place a bit closer to central city, BUT in the meantime, its worth the drive from North Phoenix for a little taste of Scandinavian/Polish heaven!
The staff A+
The food A+
The fun A+"

Cheers and eat to love, and love to eat!
Dam, I ate at the Beaver and it was very good! I liked it! I liked it!
You just don't get Gravlax or Scandinavian Food anywhere except for cruise ships and Ikea but here you can get real fresh gravlax thats moist, rich and not too sweet and made just right, tasty with dill and a yummy mustard sauce with it. My super generous plate came with three sides and made with Hanna's own pickled beets that were sauced with rich sour cream. The cole slaw is very fresh, sliced nice and thin and seasoned with fresh dill. The tomato salad is very flavor packed with lots of fresh basil. The food was all flavorful and seasoned very nicely. I remember really liking the rosti from the old Tempe location but was disappointed with the rosti from this new Mesa location as it might have been purchased from Ikea as it had that McDonald's hash brown taste to it but I do note the Mashed potatoes and the dill potatoes looked Excellent and I was sorry I didn't order one of them instead of the rosti.

My husband tried the stuffed chicken breast. It was boneless and very moist. It was prepared very well. One of his side was the green bean salad and it was just like everybody's Mom's green bean salad made with those canned green beans.

The house made desserts do differ from the old Tempe location as the Beaver Balls and other baked desserts are gone and I remember they were very good.

We tried the Swedish Crepe with lingonberries. It was good I liked the not too sweet taste of the lingonberries and reminds me of my lingonberry shrubs from my old house that I planted. The crepe was good but the ice cream was too dense and too sweet for my taste.

You get a warm fuzzy feeling dining here as Hanna, her son and daughter are so friendly. They make you feel very welcomed.

This is one of the best family run businesses that you can go too! When you visit Ikea you should think about stopping here!
I finally checked out the new location for Beavers Choice and it was awesome. They have a larger dining room and a new bar with an excellent selection of beer. Upon arrival the friendly staff greeted me and I sat at their beautiful bar. I ordered a Kronenbourg 1664 Blanc with my chicken schnitzel lunch. it was even better than the last time I had it at their last location. A really good tomato basil salad accompanied my meal on the side and It was to die for. It was a pleasant experience and I will be back for more. Beaver on!!
5 stars for food.  5 stars for service.  5 stars for cleanliness & speediness!  My Gram and I decided to eat here since she is a fan of Scandinavian food.  This place is KILLER good.  I literally had to hand my fork & knife over to my Gram because, while I was totally stuffed from the lunch portion of Jager Schnitzel, I was ready to shovel every last bit into my mouth.  The coleslaw, potato salad, thyme potatoes, green bean salad, Hash were all PERFECT.  The green tea was perfect!  The service was perfect!   The (literally) second we walked in the door we were happily greeted and when we mentioned that my Gram couldn't have gluten or dairy he immediately called over his mom to discuss choices.  Turns out, she can have pretty much anything because they will cook it to order!  (And she could even get a gluten free beer!!)

(Can you tell we left totally happy?)
The new location is classy, clean & well appointed... but don't expect any high-brow here, only friendly service and comfortable, FRESH food.  I had the Cordon Bleu Pork Schnitzel sandwich and the dill-mashed potatoes, and the only sandwich in the Valley that compares (if you are lucky enough to have had it) is the Chicken Fried Steak sandwich @ Tex-AZ Grill,  up a bit further in the North Valley.  Don't forget to try a "little" dessert (take it to go, trust me) and maybe a shot of Polish Honey-infused Vodka... Holy SCANDANAVIAN COW!
If you're in the mood for a culinary adventure, this is a worthy destination.  They have an extensive beer menu (mostly Eastern European) as well as numerous cocktails. 

The poutine is good.  I don't know that it's the best poutine I've ever had but it's good.  The gravy tastes a bit cheap so perhaps that's my hangup about it.  The chicken schnitzel is divine.  Well prepared with a tasty sauce.  The potato salad is also some of the best I've had anywhere.  I'm not so much a fan of the green been or basil/tomato salads.  The rosti is delicious.  

It's clearly a family owned restaurant that is run with care and that alone makes me want to return.
I'm giving my first visit 4 stars because there were some issues. I won't go into detail about them because the staff was so apologetic and sweet and it was our waitresses first hour. Hanna made sure that we felt welcome, like family and we are already talking about when to go back. 
I will say that i wasn't a fan of the Poutine but other than that the food was AWESOME. I felt like my Polish grandma was cooking for me. Brilliant!
The food is delicious (comfort food,) the owners and their son are tremendously kind, and the restaurant is clean and comfortable.  

Go to Beaver Choice to relax; this isn't Olive Garden folks, they're not looking to get you in and out in under an hour.  So if you're looking for fast food, go to Wendy's.
Some immediate observations...

Food...good
People...nice
Service...uneven at best

I ordered a TUNBRÖDSRULLE which is advertised as the king of Swedish street food.  I saw Tony Bourdain eat one of these things on TV once and I put it on my list of things to do.  First, you should note this is certainly the only place in AZ where you can get a TUNBRÖDSRULLE and quite possibly the only place you can get one for several hundred miles in any direction.  So if nothing else they have the market cornered on TUNBRÖDSRULLE.

So you ask...what's a TUNBRÖDSRULLE?  Well, it's served with mashed potatoes, one or two sausages, salad, tomatoes and räksallad (shrimp salad) all wrapped in a soft thin tortilla bread and covered with a thousand island like sauce.  For the most part it tastes about like it sounds.  It wasn't bad, but to be sure its one more thing checked off my bucket list.  As a side note, if there was shrimp salad in the thing I couldn't detect it.  

Also ordered  the Jagar Schnitzle with fried potatoes.  It was actually quite good.

On an aside, I forgot how much Scandinavian food uses dill.  I'll be belching this meal for quite a while.

Overall a place I'd do again although I've sworn off TUNBRÖDSRULLE and will probably be a little more mindful of my dill intake in the future.

Somewhere between a  3.5 and a 4 but I'll round up for this one.
Polish culture always have great taste in furnishing comfortable atmosphere. This place says a sleek all the way. Inside or outside the place is roomy, great for family invites. Polish country know their vodka and this place has a bar that has pulsating cool color changing lights, good to mention polish ladies carry them self well. Fast service and the food came out fast. I ordered the cordon-blue, salmon burger, and a bunch of sides but no pierogies (none till next week...?) I enjoyed the food but have no credit due to my knowledge polish/Swedish food.
Our first time in. We weren't sure what we'd get, but when we saw in other reviews that they  had schnitzel we thought we'll give them a try. So glad we did!  Place is clean, waitress very friendly. But mostly ~ the food was awesome! Schnitzel's come w/ your choice of three side 'salads' and your choice of starch side.  I had the pickled beets, sauerkraut and potato salad for my three sides, with the dill whipped potatoes as a starch. The schnitzels came in lunch size and dinner size. I ordered the Cordon Bleu Pork schnitzel. How they got the ham and cheese inside that pork steak is a great question, but they did and it was awesome. Hubby had the Jagar Schnitzel and let me taste his, as great as mine was. The owner came out while we were there and went to most tables to stop in and say hi, I think she knew just about all of them! Having been to Germany and had Schnitzel made right, I was thinking i'd have to go back to Germany to find anywhere that would make them that good. I'm happy I've found this place, much cheaper than plane tickets! I recommend.
It was late July in Lucerne, Switzerland.  We were caravanning (camping) through Europe and on this day, we had landed on the shore of Lake Lucerne.  We walked up and down the lakefront, enjoying the beautiful weather and the excitement of being in a foreign land.  We decided to have dinner on the patio at a local restaurant, and not being able to speak a lick of the various languages spoken here, we did the best we could struggling with hand-gestures and broken, poorly-spoken German from our translation guide.  We eventually got a menu written in English with grammar that would make Engrish.com proud. 

What does this have to do with Beaver Choice, you ask?  Great question.  I was drawn back to that day in Lucerne today as I perused the menu of Beaver Choice.  With a variety of Schnitzels, accompanied by a myriad of choose your own side dishes, I remembered fondly the cuisine of this wonderful town.  Yeah, okay, no, Beaver Choice is not Swiss.  It's a heady mixture of Scandanavian/Polish dishes with descriptions that defy grammatical structure, but nonetheless, describe the delicious dishes to perfection.  I chose a Chicken Cordon Blue, a chicken breast pounded thin, with a savory slice of Black Forest Ham and a creamy Brie layered within.  This was all breaded and fried to perfection.  Served with a side of Porcini mushroom sauce, I have to pause here to tell you this.  I hate mushrooms.  With a passion.  To me they are disgusting, fungal creations that remind me of, well, nevermind.  I ordered the sauce on the side.  The friendly and accommodating waitress advised me that is how it comes.  wonderful.  this dish comes with three salads, your choice, selected from a laundry-list, I went with a cole slaw, green salad and tomato/basil.  It also comes with a side.  I ordered the Rosti.  this is essentially a potato-pancake, but done at Beaver Choice, it is a golden-brown fried creation that melts in your mouth as it dances on your tongue.   

I dipped my fork into the Porcini mushroom sauce to taste it, and behold, despite my aversion to mushrooms, this stuff is delicious.  I slathered it on my chicken and spread some on the Rosti for good measure - making sure to avoid the chunky mushroom chunks.  Seriously, this sauce is delicious.

Our meal was perfect.  The service was friendly and efficient and everything was delicious.    The salads were fresh and crisp, the slaw was slightly tangy with wispy thin shreds of cabbage, the green salad with a tasty, buttermilk-based Ranch Dressing leaves you wanting more.  The tomato/basil, made with fresh Roma tomatoes, basil, onion and a dash of Basalmic vinegar was a perfect accompaniment to the richness of the Cordon Blue.  

There is a separate Beer menu, about five pages listing obscure European beers that would go perfectly with a dinner I am sure.  Be forewarned, the prices are a bit on the high-side, and if you are expecting a quick lunch for less than twenty, you might be disappointed with the price.  but not the food, nor the quantities. 

Will I return?  you betcha.  First chance I get to go back, I'm there.  There were too many other Scandanavian/Polish dishes to choose from, so it's gonna require several visits to eat through this menu.  And eat through it I will!
Last night the good and the STAFF were both awesome.  Would give this place ten stars if possible.   You definitely should give this place your appetite,  you will be thrilled you did!
I'm always game for a culinary adventure and trying a new restaurant. Today, I ventured to Beaver Choice for a friend's birthday and received a full orientation to the Scandinavian, Polish, and Canadian dishes on the menu. My friend has been a loyal customer of this family-run restaurant for sometime now and she received a warm greeting from the owner, Hanna, when she arrived. Hanna was busy in the kitchen making a fresh batch of pierogi and you can tell she pours her heart into the food and greeting her guests. 

For the first time visitors in our party, the birthday girl recommended "anything with the word schnitzel or the meatballs" and the beat salad, homemade coleslaw, and marinated green bean salad. I ordered the the Chicken Schnitzel with the porcini mushroom sauce, which came with 3 side salads and a side for $14.95 on the dinner menu. The chicken was moist but the schnitzel didn't have much flavor on its own and I didn't much care for the porcini mushroom gravy. I love porcini mushrooms and others seemed to like the gravy, but it just didn't do it for me. Maybe I would have been better off with the JÄGAR SCHNITZEL and the roast beef gravy? For my side, I ordered the Rösti (fried potato pancake) which was a little overly fried for my liking. The three side salads, however, were DELICIOUS! The homemade coleslaw was dressed in a light vinaigrette which was refreshing and delicious. The potato salad had a nice dill flavor and the marinated green bean salad tasted fresh (not out of a can). 

The food at Beaver Choice was good, but admittedly I'm not a HUGE fan of this type of cuisine and it was just a little bit heavier of a meal and more fried food than I'm used to. The restaurant does offer a friendly atmosphere and the salmon burger that my neighbor ordered looked quite appetizing so I may just have to return to try the other offerings!
we have been wanting to eat here for quite a while and today we finally made it. We should have kept waiting. My wife had the schnitzel and I had the lox. Hers was just a slab of breaded chicken with what taste like canned mushroom soup. My lox, well I had 1 bite and that was all it took. It tasted like it was made 2 weeks ago and left in the fridge. Now taste is subjective and I realize that. What made sure I will NEVER go back to try something else is when we told the server I didn't care for the fish she  (eventually) took the plate away and charged for it anyway! If you're looking for something a little different I would strongly suggest you pass on this place.
Let me start out by saying, that I loved my food. Let me also start out by saying that our table waited so long for our food that I am pretty sure I would've eaten my own eye if you'd served it to me.
Walking in to the restaurant, we were roundly ignored by the staff and left to stand in the middle of the restaurant and look pitiful. AWKWARD! When we were finally seated, it took 1/2 an hour to receive water. Another 10 to get menus. Another 20 to order, then the pacing of the meal when we finally got our food was weird. Our server was incredibly odd and vacillated between incredibly intrusive and absolutely dismissive. It took one of our friends almost a full 20 minutes after we received our food to get her beer. 
However, the food really was good. We ordered poutine and it was delicious. However, our waiter insisted on correcting our pronunciation of "poutine". 

Me- "I'd like a small poo-tin, please"
Him- " You mean, the POOOTEEN?"

Actually, I speak French and it's not POOOTEEN. Even if it was, don't be a pretentious butthead. 

At any rate, great food but the service needs A LOT of work. But I will be back, if only for the POOTEEN.
Well, I had an experience very similar to reviewer Kelly C.'s. In a nutshell, the food was a joke, service was spotty, menu was inconsistent and the owner was a douche.

Here's the long story:

The wife and I drove by this place a week ago and were intrigued by the name and the Scandinavian cuisine, so we decided we'd go. We looked online at the menu choices, things seemed interesting but we didn't memorize it or anything. Well, we should have, as their table menus (printed on regular 8.5x11 paper) had very little description of all the oddly-named Scandinavian dishes; so, we had to trouble the waitress to describe them.

After all that, we ordered. I got some weird-named dish which was basically shepherd's pie and the wife ordered gravlax (kinda like salmon sheets). After ordering, I had forgotten if I had asked the waitress for the beef in my pie (the other choice is pork) so I got up and chased her down. She told me "No problem, the kitchen's running behind so yours hasn't been started yet and I'll tell them." Well, as you probably guessed I was served the one with pork despite waiting 30+ minutes for it to come out. Not only that, they gave us the wrong sides so I had to wait while the poor waitress went to the back to get the correct ones to even tell her of the pork deal.

I'm not some baby who can't eat pork, I simply ordered beef and wanted beef. When she got back, she apologized and picked up the plate and went to the owner to ask what to do. Said owner had been schmoozing people who were clearly the "bottle wine buying type" the entire time we were there. I saw her whisper in the waitress's ear, and the waitress came back and said "I'm sorry, this is my fault but we're out of beef for this dish today and I should have told you that. I'll buy you dessert of your choice." Well, that's great and I'm glad the waitress was nice but I don't think that is her responsibility. I also don't buy that they were out of beef; could be wrong, but come on. By this time, I was impatient and hungry so I just said "Okay" and ate my food.

To the food: More B.S. Not only did I get pork I didn't order, but the insult was that it was just some school cafeteria-like boneless fatless pork patty. You'd think some real scandinavian kitchen would have some kind of slow-cooked, fat dripping off delicious pork. The gravlax, which we were told was given some kind of salt dry rub had absolutely no flavor. It was just raw salmon, big deal. The only highlight here was the fermented sides like the beet and horseradish and the sauerkraut, but for a pork patty smothered with boring mashed potatoes and a weak plate of gravlax we still paid almost 50 bucks and that's *with* the free dessert (which was apparently pretty good, according to my wife- it was the citron fromage)

The owner is apparently Polish, so on that note I'm not sure what qualifies her to make a Scandinavian/Canadian restaurant; but I guess the results of this visit show that she is not qualified. Save the trip here, you can make most of this stuff at home way easier and much more cheaply with better ingredients.
What's not to love about this place? It's got the Ikea inspired interior, it is Scandinavian after all.  The patrons look like they could have been extras in a filming of the Prairie Home Companion.  A wonderful family who is fully invested in making sure you taste the wonders of their cultural heritage.  And a menu filled with some of the tastiest sauces and heartiest dishes that you can find in cuisine that dwells above the 45th parallel.
My husband and I dined on a Saturday night around 5:30pm and by 6:30pm all tables were full and there was a wait. Which is great for Beaver Choice, but they don't really know how to handle that large of a crowd, or the guests who had to wait. Normally, if you have to wait at a restaurant, it's no big deal. But all the guests waiting seemed so annoyed, and I think it's because the staff was so flustered and nervous. The first thing they asked us when we walked in was if we had a reservation, which we didn't, but what was weird was that like 3 different people asked us and no one knew where we should sit. 

Anyway, besides the awkwardness of the staff, our server was great and able to explain the whole menu, the food was good (my pierogies were cold so I sent them back but the second round were cold too...I just ate them anyway), and the portions were enormous.

It seems that this mom and pop shop is getting too big for them to handle, if they hire a few more experienced servers and a really good hostess, get a host stand so guests aren't awkwardly standing in the middle of the restaurant when they walk in, and train themselves a bit more on customer service, I think they will do just great.
Went there for a girls night out. The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable of the eclectic menu.  She answered all of our questions and accommodated the dietary needs of a person in our group.  I  ordered the Skomakarlada (known as Shoemakers Box)  While very delicious it lacked  seasoning, I added a bit of salt.  I also requested the pickled beets.  The pickled beets were amazing!  And is it weird that I loved the bright pink color?  I will definitely go back again to try the Stuffed chicken breast as the other girls got that and gave high marks for that. The atmosphere is open and airy with plenty of room so as to not feel crowded.  We were also treated to live music! I am not sure if that is an every night thing because  we were there on a Friday night.
If you are looking for an excellent Scandinavian/Polish place, look no further! (They even have a dash of Canadian influence as well.) I am a sucker for Schnitzel and the Pork Jagar Schnitzel is my favorite (pork pounded then breaded & cooked topped with brown mushroom gravy when served.) Seriously AMAZING, my description does not even come close to explaining the wonderful flavor explosion that this dish is! The portions for dinner are large, plus with your dish you also get to choose 4 side dishes total. I like the Creamy dill potatoes, Potato salad, Homemade coleslaw and Pickled beets. For the Canadians out there they serve Quebec Poutine (I recommend the large for the table to share as an appetizer.) They also have hand made Pierogies (yum!)
All in all i have not been disappointed in anything i have ordered here. I love the new location (much larger and nicely decorated.) The staff is super friendly, even when they are busy they are very courteous and attentive.

P.S. They do have Gluten-Free options.
The menu offers an interesting variety of dishes, many of which were unfamiliar to us.  We had been to the old location in Tempe, and their new location is closer to us in Mesa, and has a great deal more seating space.

The staff is eager to explain the menu items, and will offer small samples, if requested.  There is now a full bar, with an interesting selection of beers, wines and liquor.

On each of our visits, we have been very pleased with the quality of the food and service, and the meals are nicely presented and very tasty.  This is definitely someplace we will visit again.
I stopped here because it was featured on the Food Network. Polish AND Scandinavian food. Who would have guessed. I had the sampler plate to try a bit of everything. It comes with your choice of a side AND a choice of three mode side dishes. Amazing. The food was excellent. The staff is friendly, helpful and accommodating. They are a bit slow, so do not come on if you are in a hurry. Very relaxed atmosphere. I will definitely come again.
If I had the money to eat here every single night, I would. The atmosphere is excellent, the smells are heavenly and all the selections of beers/wines could make a grown man cry. The servers are happy to be there. You can tell they take care of everyone like they are family.
Since moving to Mesa, Beaver Choice has expanded their menu as well as their restaurant space. Despite the change in location, they still serve up the same high quality, perfectly cooked meals.

After being seated and looking through the menu, I decided on a dish that they didn't offer at their old location: Frikadeller (Danish meatballs). I also tried some of their chicken schnitzel. The meatballs were perfectly cooked, with great texture and flavor. The sauce was sweet and tangy which I enjoyed at first, but became too sweet for my palate towards the end of my meal. Overall, I still enjoyed it though. The schnitzel was, as always, excellent. It was a nice balance of crispy breading, tender meat, perfectly seasoned.

Service was good, and I'm glad to see some of the members of the family are still there at the restaurant helping out.
Absolutely fantastic!  Best meal we've had since moving to the east valley in 2011.  I had the sampler plate of swedish meatballs and hash and my wife had the entree of swedish hash.  BOTH WERE TO DIE FOR!  Generous portions also come with several side choices - the homemade coleslaw was amazing. We also tried the apple torte and vanilla pudding for dessert and after devouring them, considered ordering another round - they were THAT GOOD!  This family owned restaurant has vaulted to the TOP of our restaurant list...can't wait to go back.
Been wanting to try this place for some time . . . so when a client of mine from Germany suggested this place . . . I jumped at the chance.

The interior was clean with a variety of seating options from high tops to tables to booths . . . we chose a table.  The waitress came quickly and took our drink order while we looked at the menus.  I decided on the Swedish Hash with sauerkraut, marinated green beans, and coleslaw.

The food came quickly and was delicious . . . the coleslaw though looked more like a garden salad . . . this time we decided to have desert and I ordered some kind of polish pudding . . . it was out of this world.

The only reason that I gave it four stars was due to the fact that the service was a little slower than I usually like . . . not sure if this was because I needed to get going to an afternoon meeting, or if it was because the place was busy . . . does it truly really matter . . . probably not . . . because I will definitely be back.
Yum!  I had been to the previous location and loved the food.  I took my parents to the new location today, because we were all craving schnitzel.  We all got the Jager Schnitzel, and it was amazing.  I don't like mushrooms, so I asked for no mushrooms, and the gravy was wonderful and not mushroomy at all.  :)

The portions were huge, and each entree comes with one side and three salads.  There are many to choose from, and we enjoyed all that we tried (rosti potatoes, pickled beets, beet salad, tomatoes and basil, pickled green beans and cole slaw).  We all ate more than we should have because we just couldn't stop.  And, we all have another meal in leftovers to eat later.  

Someone on Yelp commented that dessert was a must, so we tried a vanilla bean pudding and it was tasty.  I don't know if I'd get it a second time, because it was over $7, but it was nice to share at the end of our meal.

We will definitely be back!
We came here a while ago after I have read several reviews raving about this place. I knew about the food is a little pricey, and I knew the wait would be longer than other restaurants. So we brought our phones to kill time.  When we got there, there were quite a few customers already. The place was over 2/3 full.  But we were seated right away and served our water.  Our waiter came to talk to us and let us know there was going to be a 40 minutes wait for food from the time we placed the order. It's ok, we said, we were prepared. We told the waiter my hubby needed to have gluten free dishes, so he suggested a few things that would be GF. So after ordering hubby and I chatted and played on our phones. It was long, especially when hungry. But we are very looking forward to try the new flavors, we did not mind. I remember I ordered Swedish meatballs and potato pancake, and cole slaw. My hubby had a meat dish (sorry it's been too long and I could not recall.) When we were served at first I thought the portion was small for both. Then we both dug in and tried it. Oh it was so good and so filling. My hubby stuffed himself with his dinner and I took a little leftover box home. And the leftover smelled and tasted just as great as the dinner; after I heated it up at home, I did not smell that typical restaurant grease smell at all. I believe they were telling the truth when they said all the dishes were preped fresh!
Classic food vs service.  Food was great.  Service not.  Had to seat myself then wait five minutes to be approached.   Bartender didn't know how to make a drink and told the server "No mixed drinks".  That's a waste of a good liquor license.  Then complained loud enough to be heard when she tried.  Supposedly she was a co owner.   Sad.  Probably family.   That's all for now.
Great Food!
My husband, sister and her husband went here for dinner last night. We were very pleased with it from the moment we walked in when we were welcomed enthusiastically and told we could sit anywhere we wished.  My husband is in a wheelchair so we chose a table close to the entrance.  The waiter, I believe his name was Tim, was wonderful.  He had the patience to answer all the entrée questions we had (and with all those Swedish and Polish dishes we had plenty).  He was friendly and very attentive.  I had pierogi, and tried them fried which was a mistake - next time I will have them steamed like I am used to because the frying seemed to make them less flavorful.  My husband had the Polish plate and it was very good - I sampled all of it.  My sister and her husband both had Swedish platters and enjoyed them.  We liked the beet salad and the rosti potatoes too.  We did have dessert - shared an apple tart and it was really good.  We liked it very much and would definitely return.
After frequenting the original Tempe location, I had taken a break from Beavers but one day I decided to check out the new location and couldn't be happier. They now also accommodate Gluten Allergies which is a pleasant surprise. I am a big fan of the Howard Special. Which I believe has been switched to Schnitzel cordon blue in the new Menu. 

The food is always top notch, yes it does take some time to get your order but everything is cooked to order. I highly recommend the Schnitzel, cole slaw, any of the potato dishes and the Swedish meatballs.
This is a fun family owned restaurant to go to when you are craving some delicious Scandinavian Food with a Canadian twist. Been to their older restaurant several times before and this newer location is both nicer and quite a bit larger.

Came to the new location for my son in law's birthday lunch. He loves this place and so does my wife and daughter. My wife is of Swedish descent and a big fan of this type of cuisine and nothing too spicy. Trust me there is nothing spicy here.

Service was very friendly and most helpful when it came time to order. Started off with some Gravlax for an appetizer and a tasty Beet Salad that we all shared. They were both really good and got us in the mood for more. Hungry!

Ordered the Elk Stew which sounded really good. There was very little Elk meat on the dish and it seemed to be mostly mashed potatoes with a mushroom gravy and some small sides. My wife went with the Swedish Meatballs with some veggies and more mashed potatoes. There was only 6 meatballs and they were very small. It was hard for her to share any of them with the rest of the party.

Daughter order a Cardamom Chicken dish with veggies and mashed potatoes. The sauce was pretty good and had some nice flavors. Birthday boy ordered a Pork Belly dish off the specials menu. It looked really tasty and had a fried egg on top of it and all of that on top of ... wait for it ... more potatoes. My 15 month old granddaughter probably enjoyed the food the most. She was unable to resist catapulting small pieces of beets with it's purple juices across the room and onto the floor. Ha!

They definitely have the flavors down here and a very nice menu. Would like to see more protein on the plates and the cost of the dishes reduced down to a reasonable amount. Fifteen to twenty bucks per plate for lunch portions is a little steep in my opinion. Maybe it was just too much potato per square inch.

Give them a try and see what you think. It could be that they bit off more than they can chew with this new location. The rent here is probably double or triple from what they were paying at the last place. Sometimes keeping it simple is the best way to go. Now only if they actually severed ... BEAVER!

3.5 STARS
Been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally got to check it out during Restaurant Week. Could not be more disappointed from the build up to the place to the actual food & prices, and the fact that the waitress seemed to take pride in telling us we could not have what we were asking for. We ordered off the restaurant week menu and I wish we had just tried the regular menu because it would have been much cheaper and we could have had a little more control over what we got. For example, each dish comes with a starch & 3 salads. For restaurant week, you could not choose the sides so I ended up with tomatoes with basil & a side of pickles. Pickles. 2 sides, not 3- one of which was pickles. But I'm getting ahead of myself. For appetizers, we got a lobster roll & poutine, which is French fries topped with cheese curds and gravy. The fries were freaking epic. The lobster roll was a hot dog bun filled with dill and a few fishy little langostinos. Entrees: schnitzel, a large, uneventful cutlet of sorts with various pickled veggies and copious amounts of dill, and some crazy potatoes that looked good but tasted like the inside of a pool supply store. I got something described as sliced meat over potatoes. Apparently this is Scandinavian for hockey puck on hospital cafeteria potatoes. Keep salting, you will not find the flavor. It is not there. Perhaps that's why they threw a pile of pickles next to it. I'll never know. I'll also never know where the bread is. I asked for some. Saw a lady with a slice. But the waitress, remember the one I mentioned earlier, who seems to take pride in not being the least bit accommodating, let us know that bread was only for people who ordered soup. Oh and the $8 kids meal! Can't forget the 1/2 cup of noodles covered in some kind of sauce that no child would ever touch. Supposed to come with a starch and a side but guess what- that doesn't apply to the pasta dish- so no French fries for the 6 year old but here- have some god damned pickled beets rolled in more dill. Every kids dream.  And now ladies and gents,  get out your bowl molds and jello no bake cheesecake, cause its time for some premade generic, gummy cool whip based concoction topped with jello. Jello.  We got cheesecake and something called lemon fluff. They were identical. Bowl mold shaped blobs of that foamy jello mixed with cool whip that you find at hillbilly bbqs. The only difference was that one tasted a bit more lemony & the other was topped with actual jello.
Honestly, the more I reflect on our meal, the more angry I become. I don't know why anybody likes this place and I wanna punch the waitress in her neck tattoo. You wanna eat what i ate? Save the $100 and go to the cafeteria of your local nursing home.
Love this place! Huge portions, great Swedish food with a Polish twist. The owners are super nice.
Third visit, eating my way through the menu and haven't been disappointed yet!  It's worth it just for the awesome sides and salads, but everything is fresh and tasty.
The new location still has the quaint family feel. Good selection of interesting beers.  I went at lunch on a weekday and I was the only one there, so the service was great, but they also had no one else to take care of.  Even the chef came out of the kitchen and asked me how my meal was. 
From previous visits to the old location I can say that the subs are interesting and delicious. Some of the combinations that sound odd are definitely more tasty than you'd expect. If you want to branch out and have your taste buds pleasantly surprised, check this place out!