The Sets offers something for everyone. There are a few different rooms, including a live music venue, an atrium with patio seating, a pool hall and the main bar, which is filled with fun games like air hockey and video games. The bar tends to be filled with a younger crowd on week nights since the club hosts all-ages shows, but on the weekends you'll find more of a 21+ crowd.
I've been going here for over 4 years.  We've done comedy in just about every room.
I still have trouble understanding WHY the bathrooms are so...destroyed!  Some of the doors are off their hinges, there is never enough hand soap or paper towels.
On the flip side, though, there is something to do for everyone.  Pool, air hockey, ping pong, music and the outdoor atrium.
Staff is very friendly
So, i've lived 3blocks from this place for 7yrs and never been so today i finally made the long drive over to check it out... all kinds of fun stuff here. free pool (tons of tables), shuffle board and foosball... not to mention tons of events coming up; comedy shows, concerts and wrestlng?!  They dont have a happy hr (but they do have drink specials) and the wings i ordered where more like mini wings.... probably wont go there for 'happy hr' but to play pool or check out some crazy/fun event count me in!
This place is not good. Unfortunately it is one of the only all ages venues for bands to play at in the metro area, so good bands get stuck here.

The stage area is awkwardly sanctioned off with caution tape separating the under/over 21 crowd. 

The bar service in The band area is really awful. I had to wait ten minutes to get some waters. Bear in mind that there was nobody at the bar, so it wasn't because I was waiting in a huge line. The guy had major attitude too.

The sound guy is NOT good. The lighting in the main bar/pool table area is WAY too bright. 

People are going to get stuck going here to see local bands they like, but just know, the place is not a good venue so don't expect much.
Not bad.  Free pool and ping pong in the main bar area, and 75 cent pool in the adjoining room.  $2 beer specials.  Decent bartending.  I don't know, I mean, it was okay, I guess.  Didn't blow me away.  It was pretty loud though, and the bartender girl played that Three Doors Down song (Superman I think?) three times in a row, which is just unbelievably annoying, and makes me really want to give it only 2 stars, but I enjoyed the pool area enough.
It's the only "all ages" venue for miles, so it was weird to see 12 year old punk rock kids slam dancing with adults. A little disturbing, too.... but funny, for sure.

The mixed drinks aren't designed to be tasty, they are designed to get people super fucked up and come in a giant mug. That should tell you something. They had to call an ambulance for one girl who apparently slammed 2 long islands and passed out. Two? They are gigantic. Think like 7 in normal terms, maybe. 

There was a video on the TV over the bar playing, in which people were beating each other up with metal folding chairs. 

I wish I were making this up.

If you want to see a bunch of mediocre bands and maybe a good one, once in a while, bring some friends and get trashed. I repeat - definitely bring your own company.
the Sets is only good for 3 stars, but i'm bumping it to four because they have a pretty cool outside patio  bar area that i can smoke with a drink, and it's enclosed so i don't feel like i'm sitting in the parking lot.

i've seen a couple hip-hop shows here and as far as the sound is concerned it's pretty good.  my buddy was passed a joint on the patio once and security told him to put it out...as opposed to throwing us out. so cool creds go to them. one of the performers of the night passed it to him, so i guess if we got kicked out it would have been their loss too. haha.

waited here 3 hours for KRS-ONE...honestly thats my worse experience here...still annoys the shit out of me. otherwise i'll keep seeing shows here. its better then chasers.
I'm rating this place as both a bar and a music venue. 

The bar has very decent drink specials ($2 Kilt Lifter Pints!...fuck me sideways!) 
If you drink the shit they have on special, then you're cool. If you drink anything else, you're not going to get ripped off. 
The place has free table games, which is nice, a nice outside bar, which by the way, is the only bar you can get draft beer from, and a decent size stage area for small club shows. 
Security seem to be cool, they allow moshing while at the same time can identify assholes who are abusing the privilege and step in and maintain the peace. 
It's a pretty decent place to grab a beer, bang your head and chill out for a little while..
Another venue not living up to their full potential.  I like that the venue and bar have seperate spaces and the outdoor patio/bar is nice as Im a smoker but lately they have been booking bands too large for the venue and you end up elbow to a-hole w/ a bunch of little kids if you want to be anywhere near the band playing as the over 21 fenced off area is about a 10 inch radius from the bar.  The bar staff is pretty laid back,  the security staff is kind of ego-maniacal meatheads that kick people's asses for no reason.  When i went to The Germs show someone got their nose broken.  Lots of blood.  Which, typically would be a normal scene for a punk rock pit but it was inflicted by the security simply because the kid told him to F off.

Liquor is kinda expensive but decent specials on various nights.  usually reasonable cover charge for bands which is nice in this economy. The usual bar games, i want to say they are free during certain times . . . not sure on that tho'.
R.I.P. Loved this place.
Lots of pool tables, friendly waitresses, good long islands and they have Guiness on tap. The crowd isn't always the best because of it's location but as long as you are there with a couple of friends it doesn't really matter.
I play squash racquet's, a sport favored by the east coast "elites" from them Ivy League schools, those snooty Britishers and the Pakistani leisure class:) 

Why they let me play, I'll never know:)

Last evening, we had a little tourney in which a group of us from the Village traveled to the outer reaches of Tempe to play a group from Lifetime Fitness:)

It was a jolly good, show, ever so much fun and our Village group gave the Lifetime group a bit of a "Rodgering":)

So it was with happy hearts and high spirits that we headed down the street to the post tourney repast at Skip & Jan's...let me start by saying that the Lifetime group picked this place, and it's almost like they knew they were going to lose and wanted to select a venue that would be the grimiest, greasiest, grubbiest, grossest spot to try to eat...they succeeded:)

Where to start...I know...the parking lot:)

When we arrived, the total Kelly Blue Book value of the 50-60 cars in the parking lot was about $832...we raised that by several orders of magnitude, just by driving in...this parking lot hasn't seen a lot of traffic from the Mercedes/BMW/Lexus/Jaguar crowd (and may never again:)

After I safely parked a block or 2 away, I went inside and took in the look and feel of S&J...crappy old wood paneling...tables and chairs from a circa 1955 high school cafeteria...an intriguing mix of flat panel TV's, regular TV's and OTB results screens (yeah, you can bet the ponies here...the sport of Kings, in a slightly less than "regal" atmosphere:)

They must have 20-25 pool tables...faded felt...and a whole bunch of people playing pool (and frankly looking like they weren't enjoying themselves...extremely tight and serious expressions on the faces of the people playing and watching...aren't games supposed to be fun? :-)...I suspect there was gambling going on:)

The smell in S&J can only be described as "extreme humanity"...the place smelled like it has seen a century's worth of spilled beer, cigarette smoke, BO, vomit, urine, spoiled food and every other aroma that humans create for themselves...remarkable, given the fact that this place can't have been here for more than a few years...how did they do that so quickly? :-)

S&J has menus, they have some sort of kitchen, they have Jagermeister on "tap", they have a bunch of beers on tap and they had a buffet (or "boofay" for my friend Ryan C) set up for our group.

It was supposed to be a Taco Bar:)

S&J provided a table full of taco "fixin's"...the centerpiece of which was the taco meat hot tray...Holy Crap, was that disgusting! :-(

They told us it was ground beef, but I know my beef, and I don't think this was it...this was ground "creature"...possibly some sort of unfortunate non-distinct animal which happened to be near the kitchen when duty called.

I kid, of course...as far as I know, this was indeed, "beef"...just not very good "beef":(

The hot tray holding the "meat" looked like a relief map of the Hawaiian Islands...small mountains of "meat" rising out of the ocean of brown/orange grease that was the real body of the dish:(

But, I was starving (a banana for breakfast and nothing else) so I tried to make a taco.

I decided to forgo the slotted spoon that everyone was trying to use to fish some meat out of the soupy brine, and use some tongs instead...my idea was to try to squeeze as much grease out of the concoction as possible...I was sort of successful, but in doing so, I probably squeezed any flavor out as well:(

I got back to the table and tried a bite...not good...I added several shakes of Cholla and tried another bite...and that was that:(

One of my buddies had decided to forgo the mystery meat tacos and ordered wings from the menu and offered me one...I'm not sure what the deal with the wings was, but the wing I tried seemed to be boiled (no, not "broiled"...boiled) and then dipped in buffalo sauce...not crispy, just wet...all the way through:)

Then they announced that Karaoke was going to start soon...and that was enough for me:(

Adding amateur singing to this tableau would have just been too much:)

Still, it's not all bad news...the tires and wheels were still on my car when I was ready to leave...I didn't become immediately ill (although I had kind of a rough morning, this morning).

They say shared adversity can make teams grow together, so I think I should thank S&J for making the Village Squash group nearly invincible:)
Off track betting, huge pool area, cheap breakfast on the weekends.  No tv by the darts area
I heard people talk about this place at work a lot. They'd mention grabbing an after work beer and frequenting it quite often since it was so close.  One day a coworker mentioned (since they knew that I was obsessed) that they had fried pickles there and I was gung-ho about going there soon.

That same week my boyfriend mentioned that he would be going there with a group of people that Friday and invited me to come. I was ecstatic.  I was ecstatic until the moment the GPS turned us into a very familiar parking lot of a very shady establishment.  I was suddenly reliving a repressed experience from about a year prior.  The experience had been so bad, I had forgotten the name of the place all together.  Skip and Jan's sounds so lighthearted, friendly, and inviting.  It is not.

Memories of disgusting chicken fingers and mozzarella sticks (things you wouldn't think would even be possible to mess up cooking) flew through my mind.  And the second I walked in the door I got the same feeling that I needed to sanitize every surface that I dare touch.

Now let me say, there is shady good, and shady bad. This is shady horrific. It reminds me of the smell of a plastic puke bucket from when you are sick as a child.

But deep inside me, I just had to stay, socialize, and try their fried pickles. I did, and they were the best things I have eaten there. At least you could tell they were not 3 year old frozen pieces of cardboard like everything else on the menu.  But for fried pickles they still weren't the best.

The only positive thing that I can think of is the fact that our waitress did seem to handle our huge unruly space-cadet group of people quickly and with ease. If that is the only saving grace, I'd rather eat my fried pickles elsewhere.
I have to say that the food is good and cheap, and the waitresses have always been friendly. Its not the best atmosphere, but heck...its a good sports bar.
Wonderfully cheap happy hour and lunch specials. We're talking four dollars for a half-pound burger and drink. The full-price appetizer menu was tasty, but a little expensive for the amount of food. I definitely recommend Skip and Jan's if you're looking to watch a weekend sporting event and want to enjoy some inexpensive food. The service is 5 stars.
I have been chilling at the spot for years now... Betting on horses, dogs and shooting pool it can be a really fun place... Plus if you're looking for a really cheap lunch so you can gamble the rest of your money away this is a must stop for some lunch time fun. I rate the food as followed.

Wings - C
Turkey Burger - C
Double Cheeseburger - C

But for all of these under $3.99 lunches what can you expect... I will be back again just to gamble and have a drink and eat some cheap food.
This place has the best lunch specials in the east valley, For only 3.99 you have a choice of over 10 items. I have had the gyros, turkey burger, wings and chicken burrito. It also come with your choice of soda or draft domestic beer. Wow !! All for $3.99 and add a side for a $1.00. Don't expect anything special for the service. It's just ok. Watch your favorite game, play some billiards or bet on the ponies. Come as you are and have some fun !! The owners, Natalie and Todd are very cool !
I ate here for lunch because they are on my eScrip rewards list.  I wasn't expecting a dark bar... I ordered some chili and it was OK.  It didn't compare to the chili I ate a week earlier at Gallagher's.  The waitress helped me lightly - I asked for some crackers that were not provided automatically.  

I may come back here - if I'm in a dark bar mood at lunch.  If so, I'll order something other than the chili.
I really love playing pool here.  Some of the other reviewers seem to think it's in a bad neighborhood or something,  but I have never seen anything really sketchy happen there. Just seems like your run of the mill strip mall to me.  There is kind of a rowdy parking lot crowd on the weekends since Graham Central Station is in the parking lot , but nothing too crazy.  The staff there are very friendly and helpful and always check on you to make sure you are doing a okay.

They have a very large number of pool tables to play on hourly and per game.  Are they shiny and new? No not at all, but I like the "Color of Money" neighborhood pool hall feel.  The few times I have encountered a loose pocket or something off with a table it's been fixed the next time I go in.

The hourly pool rates and food prices are very reasonable and the service is great.  Try the Onion Rings and the Sundae :) you won't regret it.  The other bar food they have is nothing new or different, but very good by bar standards.  

I would have given this place 5 stars, but they have 3 nights a week they do pool leagues so you can't play during those times.  Which is cool I should probably join a pool league anyway.

If you play pool you should go in and have some fun.
Nestled between the bright lights of the once famous Graham Central Station and a no-name BBQ place is a lovely gem I like to refer to as "Skips".

The bar side of this place is nothing too special. Don't get me wrong, its BIG for a bar, but the ambiance and furniture are pretty dated. So, unless you enjoy playing pool, I don't know why you would want to come here.

That being said, the pool here is great!  They just got around 15 brand new Diamond 7' tables which play AWESOME.  Their 9' tables also play well, but they have some PRETTY unforgiving pockets.  So if you are a beginner, I wouldn't play on the big tables unless you like to be frustrated.

They have no house cues on the floor.  you have to rent them up at the bar for $1.00.  This is great because they can maintain a better quality cue for you (if you use house cues).

Their food is actually REALLY good! I've had their Turkey Burger which was moist and delicious.  It comes with a nicely sized basket of fries.  Also, their Nachos are ridiculous good (That's saying a lot coming from me)! The only bad thing about their nachos is that they use that liquid fake cheese... I prefer shredded blends on my nachos.

The waitresses there are uber friendly. Yes, UBER! They always make a point to remember your name and they are always SOOO busy! Make sure to tip them well. They will remember you!

Wednesday night is league night there, so unless you want to watch, avoid Wednesday from 7-10pm. Oh, and HH is from 2-7 and lots of the food (including the nachos and Turkey Burger) are priced to sell!

Go shoot some pool!
Great tables there, 7 Diamond 9 footers, 12 Diamond bar tables and 5 Gold Crown 9 footers that all play very well. Good food and drinks there, service is pretty good too with some friendly waitresses. 

I live fairly close and go often for practice and a bite to eat. I would say the only draw back for me is certain nights it is a league night and all the big tables are taken up but that is not really a problem as the place is packed so its a good thing but if you want to play pool on league nights then join a league I guess which I might. 

The $50 monthly pool player pass gets you pool all month long whenever you want to play. I would recommend this pool room as a person who plays pool very often, wants a bite to eat or drink. They also have OTB if your into gambling also.
I got dragged back here by persistent coworkers, and the knowledge that they have "Thirsty Thursdays". For Thirsty Thursday you can get a huge stein full of absolutely any drink you want for only 5 bucks. Hellooooooo vodka! The puke smell is pretty much gone (They removed the carpet). I still don't like the food... but if you get drunk enough, I suppose it doesn't matter.
The food and drinks are blah, but the service is always great! Happy hour and trivia are always fun at Skip & Jan's.
We had living social deals. Out server took awhile to check on us then grab our bill. We got wings and beer and were there for 90 minutes! It was dead! We will go back because the wings were awesome and they offered local beer but we will sit at the bar or request a different server because we want to try out the billiards tables!
I met up with a few ladies here for drinks a few weeks back at the suggestion of someone else. We didn't end up playing pool, just enjoyed our drinks at the bar before moving over to a table. We were definitely over dressed and probably out of place, but it was a chill place to let loose. Drinks were okay, food was nothing outstanding, prices were to be expected.
The food wasn't very good and neither was the service. Also the Groupon gave us a limit of $17.95 per entree and the most expensive thing was only $9. We won't be going back.
Here's the deal, Skip & Jan's is a pool hall on one side and a sports bar/OTB parlor on the other. If that's your thing, this is your place. The food is not spectacular but nobody comes here to eat. They run pool leagues several nights a week, have a dozen 9 foot tables and 15 or so bar boxes. The tables are well used but they get recovered on a semi-regular basis. The service is always great, especially if you're in a league or a regular. I've been shooting here for years and enjoy the competition.
So let's say it's lunch, and you're in Tempe, and you're craving a cheeseburger and a beer for around $6... good luck finding that anywhere else but here.  Is it a dive?  Sure it is.  Do they have random folk betting on horse races at 11 am?  Yep.  Do dudes rocking hydraulic billiards triangles frequent a place like this?  You betcha.  Can you buy condoms in the bathroom?  Absolutely.  Seriously though, the food is good, the beer is nice & cold and the people watching, as you can tell, is top notch.  Far from gourmet, but an excellent choice in my book - and I suppose if you are looking for a place to play some pool or bet on horses you could do that too.
I came here for pool on a Friday night. The pool tables are good and the service and beer was good. After pool we migrated over to the bar area for karaoke. The karaoke was a blast and I had a great time. I will definitely come back for karaoke again.
Came over here after work to hang out with some coworkers and my girlfriend. We had a great time. During happy hour for $5 you get a pretty big glass and can have whatever you want in it. That is a great deal.
The food was OK. Good bar food but nothing blowing your socks off. Service was OK too.
Didn't play any pool this time but they have a large pool table area. The entire other half of the building to be exact and there were a lot of people playing pool over there.
My coworkers and I will definitely be back for happy hour after work. Since we had such a good time and it is literally right across the street from our work. We haven't done happy hour in quite a while after work and it is nice to find a great place that is right across the street.
Fun place to go and hang out with friends after work, to watch sporting events, to do karaoke. Perfect location. Decent food. Nice tall glasses with plenty of drink in them to quench your thirsty palate. 

A little loud with music playing in background but a fun place nonetheless. Friday nights there is trivia and that was a lot of fun. Participated in that and all of us were having fun answering the various questions and topics. Really a cool atmosphere if you like the sports bar scene.
I totally suck at pool; however, when my friend comes into town when he's on leave from the Army, I'll meet him here for drinks. 

For those that are saying this place is in a sketch area: Please, really?! I've seen worse in parts of Scottsdale. 

Never have had any of their bar food offerings, but that's usually because we'll go somewhere nicer for dinner prior. 

Edit 4/15: Best fried pickles EVER. They're even spicy, woohoo! 

Awesome drink specials. He introduced me to one of their "bubble gum" vodka drinks - not a big frou frou drink kind of gal, but wowee that hits the spot! 

Fun atmosphere. The hourly pool rates are pretty reasonable according to him - I have nothing to compare it to. 

Check out Skip & Jan's if you're in the neighborhood.
It's a decent pool joint; nothing out of the ordinary. Hot wings were good and not over cooked. Tuna sandwich was actually decent. Had to go up to the bar to order food because we were ignored by the one waitress there.
Don't go here if unless you're an old fixture in here. They cater to the regulars over 65. I went here to try and blow some money on some drinks and music while playing pool and just ended up wasting my 15mins and $9. So we got a pool table and ordered a couple beers. Started playing a game and realized that it was DEAD QUIET. Apparently it is this way for a reason. I did not know I walked into a rest-home until I pumped $5 into the jukebox to play some music. Music started playing and into my 2nd selection, an old guy grabbed the waitress and she later came out with a remote. She proceeded to give the guy the remote, who then turned the music all the way down to an almost nonexistence. The end. We immediately stopped playing, finished our beers, and closed what would have been a very expensive tab if they did not cater to old farts.
Pool tables are horrible! Service sucks. Waitress stopped by once to ask for orders then brought wrong order, Didn`t even stop by again to ask for something else. We are a group of players that usually play together and we will never go there again.
Nice pool tables.  Shufflepuck.  Some tasty appetizers.  The atmosphere is a little bright for my tastes and barstaff has the annoying habit of overriding your  selections on the jukebox.  However, location and decent drinks and food make this a frequently stop.
Why is it that whenever a new bar goes up in Madison they insist on making it feel like it belongs in Fitchburg? Other than that, it's not a bad spot to shoot some pool, grab some cheese curds and a pitcher to relax. It's over on East Wash in the sort of no-man's-land, which keeps the kiddies out. Not necessarily a destination, but a good spot to start off your evening.
Not bad, not great, but a lot of pool tables.  Not too much else to say other than parking sometimes sucks due to popular shows at the High Noon next door.
Grade: C+

Bar food. Bar prices. Bar service. Cool looking place.
I've had quite a few great nights at the Brass Ring, but there is always an outside chance that I hit an off night and the experience isn't very enjoyable.  The bar is nice and open, well-lit and built to keep people from standing on top of each other.  The pool tables and the shuffleboard table are in great shape and the cost is pretty reasonable.  When on a table there is usually a waitress that keeps the drinks flowing.  I've never been upstairs or in the dining area for an actual dinner, but the appetizers have always been quite good.  The Brass Ring shares an outdoor patio area with the High Noon, and it can be a great place to hang out during the summer months.  I especially like the tap selection, as it always includes three or four top-notch beers from local micros (Lake Louie, Ale Asylum, etc.).  I often drop in for a quick drink before doors open for shows at the High Noon.  Parking can be an issue, but I usually hit up the MG&E lots up the block, which are open for parking at night.

The downside: sometimes the bartenders can be surprisingly aloof and rude.  On occasion my friends and I have had jukebox selections skipped by the bartender, then told to shove off when we asked for a refund on our dollar.  This is annoying to be sure, but I don't plug the juke all that much here as the selections aren't all to my liking.  What does really piss me off is when you find yourself standing at the bar, money in hand, for close to 10 minutes watching the two bartenders joke with each other and steal glances your way.  This would definitely be a four star place if not for this type of aggravation.  It's not frequent enough to make me stop going here, but it certainly can mar an otherwise great night out with friends.
Not my usual spot, but my girl friends and I decided to try this venue for TGIF. 
Dude, the happy hours price is excellent - $2 a rail for Friday!! I appreciated that so much. The happy hours last until 7pm, and that's long enough to squeeze fair amount of after-work liquor therapy. After 7, it was $3.75 a rail. Still a fair price.

The bar tenders were friendly, the service was quick. The food is average bar food, but not bad. I'd say this is a good place for group outing. 

And, I have to advertise that the beautiful carpentry done at the bar is work of my friend. I hope you enjoy it as much as I do :)
Great place for a party.  We had a birthday party there, the food was fab, the beer was ice cold, the bar was attractive and the staff was great.  Would certainly use them again, or go back for drinks and dinner.
The Brass Ring has quickly been growing on me to the point where it's probably one of my favorite bars in Madison now.  I just started frequenting it about two months ago and it has a lot to offer.  There is a bevy of pool tables so that it's almost a guarantee you'll be able to use one, the space inside is open allowing you to change-up what your doing on the fly without having to go somewhere else, and the beer selection is agreeable.  There's also a shuffleboard table that is in good shape and usually not overcrowded (like the ridiculous "list" system the Great Dane uses).  The atmosphere is good, but I think part of that is because I've usually gone with a group of 5 or 6 friends if not more.

There are a few cons though, despite the fact that I like it so much.  First, the patrons there are a mixed bag.  I don't like to judge other people, but it has a mix of trashy and cleaner looking people and I've heard of unsavory times there from friends of mine.  I personally haven't run into any issues, but you never know.  The bartenders are usually overworked and not very quick as others have mentioned, but if you snag a pool table it's usually not too big of a deal.  Parking can sometimes be a hassle, but there's a lot of street parking if your patient.

Lastly, the food isn't that great.  They give you big portions, but it's about as greasy-bar-food as it gets, and doesn't even taste that good.  I guess I could recommend the chili-cheese-fries, but it's generally better just to get drinks, play pool, and get friends together.  The Brass Ring's strong suit is it's open space, so invite a lot of friends and you're bound to have a pretty solid time.
I went here twice in the past week to meet up with friends that were in town for the holidays.  It's a nice relaxing atmosphere where you can actually talk to each other without straining to listen.  The high ceilings and woodwork are a nice touch.
Good for pool. Prices are fair. Nice place.
Fun place. Good food, pool tables. great vibe.
I went here on a Saturday afternoon.  We were able to park, but took the last available space.  

Inside is fairly nice and there are a ton of pool tables, if that's your thing.  Prices were reasonable.

The wait staff weren't great.  I'm not sure if they were overworked or what, but my table and the table behind us had to repeat orders.  I got a spicy chicken sandwich and started feeling sick on the drive home.  I'm not blaming the Brass Ring for that, but it certainly cemented feeling ill with going to the Brass Ring.  It might be worth it for customers to make the extra trek into the downtown to get better food, service and atmosphere for the same price.
The food is average-to-good Madison fare, but the happy hour prices are superb, the service is fine, and the management is incredibly helpful to the point of bending over backwards. The space is fine, but they have more pool tables for the size than any other Madison bar, which means not having to wait hours for your turn. Great Friday hangout while waiting for a show at the nearby High Noon.
I like the Brass Ring. Even though the ceilings are a ba-jillion feet tall, it feels cozy inside. The pool tables are challenging (they're HUGE) and the service is just attentive enough. On top of that they have decent food and really well crafted drinks. Hendrick's press with freshly muddled cucumber? Don't mind if I do.
This place is not cheap, so keep that in mind if you are on a budget. But it is a fun place to hang out with a small group and have a good time.
A few co-workers and I met here last Friday to get together.  We all needed to blow off some steam about work and a bar seemed like the perfect place to do it.  It was fairly busy, since it was a Friday, but the waitress we had did a pretty good job of checking on us.  We were even checked on by who I believe to be a manager a couple times.  I ordered a couple well drinks and was pleasantly surprised by how good they tasted.  You can never be too sure with a well drink...
I ordered cheese curds to munch on and while they were good, they were not anything special.  My co-worker got the hummus wrap and she seemed to enjoy that a lot.  Pricing for everything seemed average.  No bargains, but you weren't going to pay an arm and a leg for basic bar food either.  I liked the atmosphere a lot, but I'm not sure if I'll make an effort to return.
For the last couple of weeks, I've been going to Brass Ring for their Wednesday trivia night. I love it! The owner runs the trivia and he is super nice and always remembers our group. The staff is also great. The first couple of times, it seemed like they were a little light on the staff given how crowded it was, but that hasn't been an issue at all lately. For a bar, they have a very large food menu, including a vegetarian selection. And they have decent wine and great cocktails for beer haters.
I frequent this joint quite a bit for trivia night. It's always a fun time and the food and drinks are good. Service is always great, which is pretty hard to come by on trivia night.

Food is cheap and quality matches what you pay for.

Nice selection of taps and specials throughout the week.

Not a place to take out-of-towners, but somewhere I'd recommend if you're looking for a fun weeknight out.
the brass ring... where some people go to play pool, and incredibly bland people come to drink themselves stupid. meh.
Why, oh why did it take me so long to grab a beer with you Brass Ring?
You're woody. 
You're expansive. 
You're hip.
You have an awesome music venue next door!

Not certain why I didn't cross East Wash sooner, the place is practically in my front yard, but I'm glad I did. Some friends found it easy to have conversation even though the place was hopping, and there's a decent selection of brews.
8/18/13 My wife and I stopped in.  We played pool, drank a pitcher, and ate an appetizer.  It was great.  We had a GroupOn and were still treated with the respect we deserved.  We also had to have a martini and a bourbon too!  :-)
Deck the halls with pools of pool! 

CLUUURRRRLY the place to be on Wednesday night for trivia. Almost everyone who's there is playing and INTO. IT.

Deal on New Belgium Beers...Hell, get a pitcher while you're at it.
This place was awful. I just left. This is my second trip to Madison and my friend took me here. It was a Sunday morning and the place was nearly empty. 

Something was wrong with their water...we could not drink it. We ordered soda waters and they tasted fine. But they charged for soda water (whaaaaaat?? I know) 
I ordered the smokestack and the soup of the day. The soup was extremely salty and the sandwich was this: lower bun , turkey, bacon, cheese, bun top. Zero effort to make a decent sandwich on their part. 

My friend had the salmon salad and said it was fine. My other friend had a grilled cheese and he couldn't eat it...he said it was too cheesy, which sounds like well duh you ordered a grilled cheese, but it was more the fact that it was just not well balanced so it just felt like biting a slab of melted cheese.

Bad, bad experience.
This happens to be my main joint, and for good reason.

First let me say that the eight 9' pool tables available for rent by the hour here are the best tables in Madison, bar none. They are frequently re-surfaced and kept in great condition, as are the house cues cleaned and maintaining on the regular. There is also an in house league here that includes a good number of stellar shots, they're a ton of fun to watch, play and learn from.

I agree the pool rates here are pricier than other venues. However if you're playing and finishing games at a reasonable rate, factoring in the excellent condition of these tables you're not really getting a better value paying per game on bar tables. Plus Sunday pool rates are a steal!

Atmosphere is top notch here, the decor and seating arrangements are mostly hardwood and very classy. The lighting complements this nicely too, I can dig it! There's also a beautiful area in the plaza outside of the bar where you can eat or have drinks as well.

The Brass Ring also excels at providing a great selection of craft beer taps, including at least one stout on tap served out of a bona fide stout faucet. Really, really solid move guys, stout fans appreciate your gesture more than you know.

Eats here are quite noteworthy also, I'm a big fan of the various chicken sandwiches and tenders here in particular. Their cheese curds are tasty, and best served with a side of cusabi sauce, something I actually discovered at this establishment. It has a Tzatziki sauce vibe with a good amount of wasabi flavor infused into it, a delightful mixture you should treat yourself to.

A prime place to eat, shoot pool, get your drink on and be merry, check out this spot!
The only Billiards Room in the USA with 12 Hermelin Billard Tables                   Carom 3C Carmbola 3S                                                                                                 Five Pin Italiana                                                                                                             Nine Pin Goriziana                                                                                                      Boccette Boccette                                                                                                         Billiards Room/Restaurant/Bar beers and wines                                                      3740 East Flamingo Road                                                                                             Las Vegas, NV 89121                                                                                            702  -990-0502                                                                                                                Fax 702-458-9900                                                                                                        Best.billiardslv@yahoo.com                                                                                        www.BestBilliardsLV.net                                                                                          Play.Eat.Drink!!!!
Where else can you get Bowling and Authentic Italian food at a Decent price? The private rooms look kick ass. They are open late and dont mind stragglers past closing time. The tables are even heated and they offer free Pool lessons. I hope they are a fixture for years to come.
Best billiards also has the best coffee and best sandwiches of any place  I've been to in Las Vegas. The owner makes his own blend from Italian coffee, and they have a wide selection of imported deli meats including three different kinds of sopressata.  I could spend all day there. I need to go back and try their pasta. It is really a hidden jewel. I hope more people don't find out about it. I say this as I write a yelp review.
Totally a hidden gem!

We found out about this place through a friend of a friend. The place seemed kind of shady at first (but we did come close to 3AM). It's in an older plaza, but it's open 24 hours!

It's very simple looking inside. There was only one group of people playing pool at the time. It's nice that they have pool here, but we were there to try the food!

We heard they had great tiramisu and coffee. Always a good combo at 3AM. =P The tiramisu was moist. It was super creamy but light at the same time. We found out after talking to the owner that the recipe for the tiramisu was his great great great grandmother's recipe! And the coffee beans are hand selected by the owner. His own special blend only made from the best beans!

The owner is a true Italian. A super nice guy! The food he serves is simple but truly authentic Italian! He gets his ingredients imported from Italy. Only the best! Who would have expected that from a 24 hour billiard place??

There was a late night pizza special. A whole pizza (with 8 slices) for only $10! I couldn't pass up an opportunity to try real, authentic Italian pizza! You can either get margherita or pepperoni. My group got half and half. 

Totally amazing pizza! The first thing you taste is the amazing tomato sauce. And of course, it's made fresh by the owner with tomatoes imported from Italy! Then there's the crust. Not too yeasty or too thick. It had a nice flavor to it. The toppings really pull everything together. I've never had pizza like that. So simple, but so good! I wanna bottle up that sauce and take it home!

I'm definitely coming back to next time I'm in Vegas to try the other food on the menu. This place should hold me over until I actually make it to Italy one day. =P
I don't think 5 stars do this splendid place justice. Great service, AMAZING food, perfect atmosphere. I could be biased do to my love of pool, but they get a million thumbs up for everything. Great pool tables here too. Taken care of very well. And on top of all that, there's no loud, annoying people, ruining a nice relaxing time. They are open 24/7 so you never have to worry about getting there just in time for them to close. Just possibly the best place in Las Vegas.
This place is cool but nobody who works there knows what the true rates are. We keep getting charged differently every time. Poor management obv...
Not a good hangout. Was asked to "keep it down" twice and also wash our hands after each slice before using pool cues. The place was dead. The owner didn't even have the guts to approach us until after he sent the waitress over twice.  I was with my MOTHER and her colleagues, not a rowdy drunk crowd.  Just laughing over drinks, pool, and pizza, but apparently that was not acceptable.

And the color scheme is hideous.
Best Billiards is a place to eat great Italian food. This business is in my old neighborhood and my brother stumbled into it on one of his nightly walks. When my brother first told me about it I have to admit I imagined something entirely different but after eating there I completely understand. I didn't actually play pool here (yet) but I'm told that the tables are all the best tables available and imported just like the ingredients of the very authentic Italian food. This makes sense to me because I've had this idea as well, a pool hall and make some really good food but my idea was just pizzas and sandwiches. Best Billiards takes this idea to a much higher level with some of the best pasta that I've had in any restaurant. But this isn't really a restaurant! You will have to keep telling yourself that while you're eating here. The pool tables and the 90" BIG screen will keep reminding you that you're in a pool hall but the food will make you think you're in Italy somewhere. My brother ordered for us, the wine, the soup and four different pasta dishes including the angriest Arrabiata that I've ever had. My brother told me that when my sister-in-law first ordered the Arrabiata that the owner tried to talk her out of it because it was too hot. She and all of us absolutely loved it. We will be back here every time we return home for a visit. Next time I will insist on playing some pool too! Just a note to the impatient, don't expect fast service here, you can't rush great food.
Best Billiards is my favorite spot in Las Vegas. Best Italian food outside of Italy, imported ingredients, perfectly al dente pasta, amazing sandwiches, equisite tray of appetizers. You can really feast here. The pool tables are outstanding with affordable rates, plus a chess board and wifi, perfect coffee, you could spend all day here. If I lived in Las Vegas, I would live there. The owner is awesome. He really takes care of you and makes you feel like family.  One thing is to wander the strip, another is to come here and feel like you're at the corner spot in some small town in Italy where everyone is friends.
I live around the corner from this place. It is a nice well kept clean pool room, probably the best in Vegas. The place is not super busy most of the time so its great for some practice, day rate is $8 from 10am-5pm with well kept Diamond tables and after 5pm its about $5 an hour. As for the food menu it is very good, authentic Italian food since the owner is from Italy, a bit pricey but its really great stuff. My only complaint is the portion size could be larger and for the money a salad should be included. Other then that its a great place and the day person who works there named Mary is a super nice lady who takes good care of her customers. The place has free WIFI, 80 inch TV, beer and wine. I highly recommend this room plus its non smoking which is a big plus in Las Vegas.
Best real AUTHENTIC food. Must try it at least once in your life. You will become a regular customer i promise
A great combination of pool hall and italian bistro.  The coffee was very good and I will be going back to try the tiramisu!
I always play pool at Mickey's, but I decided to give this place a shot. When I walked in, the owner came up to me and said, in a very mobster way, "ok you guys can play here, but two rules. Keep the noise down, and pull your pants up". I was offended. I don't sag my pants at all. I'm a 27 year old man, not a hipster. Never coming back again. This place is too uptight, and that pompus owner killed it for me. Always looking at us.
I went into Lucky Break last night for their second night of operation, and they already had several people who looked like they were at home there. I must admit, by the end of the night, I was starting to feel that way myself. They seem to really have things figured out from the get-go, which is actually quite a surprise to me!

Walking in, my first impression is just how clean this place is. Seriously, it's nice. They've got brand new huge TVs all over, showing every game you could want to watch. There's more than enough table and bar space for a large happy hour crowd. The place also has a very nice open feeling that's very welcoming. Also, they have 6 nice new pool tables, which are rented by the hour. Everything you would expect from a place called "Lucky Break" and then some.

Oh yeah then there's the bar. Coming into a billiards joint, I expect to see just your typical domestic beers, along with maybe Guinness as their "fancy" beer. Okay well they do have those. Then there's the craft beer. With 24 taps in total their selection is nothing to thumb your nose at. There are a good number of local AZ beers and some beers that you won't even see at most craft beer bars!

This place is just pure danger for me. Quality pool tables, great beer, and oh yeah the food is pretty damn good too.
Great bar... Good food (or at least what we had).  We had the nachos and the wings.  Server was really knowledgable about the menu and selections and we never had to wait to ask for a new beer.  Great service!! Beer was $3.50 for a 14 ounce and $4.50 for a 20 ounce.  $1 off during happy hour - and all appetizers were half off during happy hour.   I'm sure I'm missing some of the HH details!!  They have darts, video bowling, video golf and six pool tables.  Lots of TVs.

And for the previous review about Dennis Erickson... My dads even in several times since it opened as Lucky Break and has seen DE twice.  He chatted with him one time and it sounds like he still has some ownership in this place.

Overall a great environment!! Happy it's walking distance from our house!!
I've found my new favorite bar in Tempe! With great and friendly service and a warm atmosphere, Lucky Break just works.

I went there last night because I'd seen a few tweets mentioning the newly opened bar. It as fairly quiet and laid back but pretty soon it filled up with guys playing pool and having a laugh. Perfect. 

They've got a wide variety of beer. A tad on the pricier side but do-able. Not sure if they have a happy hour - that would be awesome.

With a ton of televisions, this place is perfect to watch the game. And if the game gets boring, go play some pool! Visit Lucky Break, you won't be disappointed.
I really want Lucky Break to do well.  I want to give them 5 stars.  I want it to be my favorite place ever.  

It's not 5 stars.  But it's pretty darn good.

I know it just opened around Christmas time.  We were in once the first week and it seemed like they were maybe still getting their footing.  Couple stumbles, but nothing unforgiveable.

We've been back a couple times since and I've been very happy each time.

The decor is very nice.  TONS of giant-screen TVs.  Not a bad seat in the house it seems.  The bar looks very sleek.  The pool tables are very nice looking and they play pretty nicely as well.  The shuffleboard table seems very short.  We didn't play it, but it just seemed like half a table.  Would love it if it were more on par with other bar shuffleboards -- but I realize they are not the most space-friendly game to keep normally.  

The beer selection is great.  They've got a good variety on tap, and more in bottles/cans.  Lots of craft beers - lots of local beers as well.  I was quite pleased with that.  Each time I've gone, I've been given a suggestion of something new to try - they have not steered me wrong yet.

The food is decent.  It's maybe a couple dollars more than cheap sports bars like Zipps and the like.  In some cases, it seems worth it.  

The burger was really good - had the one with fried jalepenos, etc on it.  Can't wait to try more burgers, honestly.  The buffalo wings were also good.  I'm so picky when it comes to buffalo wings, and these are good -- simple flavor, not too fatty - just how they should be.  

The nachos were mediocre.  But then again, I never expect much from bar nachos, so I wasn't really disappointed.  I got what I expected from it.  There is a ton of crap on it -- the pork and chicken were nice, the chorizo wasn't great.  But I tend to prefer a spicier, pork based chorizo and I think this was a fairly mild beef chorizo.  Nothing special.  Not bad...just not my favorite menu item.

The pool seemed kind of pricey (you rent the table/balls, rather than putting in quarters).  If you play fast games because you're really good at pool, then maybe this is a good deal.  If you suck at pool like I do and games take forever...it's not as good of a deal.  

The service has always been very friendly.  Nothing that blew me away, but certainly competent.  

Happy hour is a decent deal - I believe it's 1/2 off appetizers and a dollar off beers (or something like that).  I believe they also do something (giveaways, etc) on Fridays if you follow them on Facebook or Twitter, but I'm not sure.  

I'll definitely be back...Lucky Break has potential to get even better, so I'm hoping that others will catch on to this place and keep them in business!
Great service and amazing seared Ahi tuna tacos. My group and i were 15 deep and everyone had a drink and were even able to buy our celebration shots instantly. Our server Blake suggested to my buddy and I that the Ahi tacos were really good and we went for it, thankfully, we were just gonna have some burger sliders... The sauce and freshness surprised me, just enough seasoning to complement the texture.
We got a coupon on our windshield wiper for a free burger with the purchase of the same, and thought why not?  As others have said, the business is located in a strip mall.  Upon first glance, it looks like it won't be great. Once you walk inside, the place features interesting wood walls, a separate area for eating and playing pool, and a long expanse of bar.  There were tons of wide-screen televisions with many games to watch.

Our server, Blake, was very knowledgeable and friendly.  He helped my husband pick out the perfect beer.  The food was great.  My burger had brie and portobello mushrooms and was tender as could be.  My husband had another burger and reported that his was delicious as well.  The steak fries were peppered up, making ketchup unnecessary.  I can't recall the last time I've eaten fries and not needed the ketchup.

We played trivia and listened to music, while having drinks.  The place was rather slow, but I suspect that's just growing pains.  We have nothing bad to say about our experience.  If only all sports bars had the kind of service and food we had.  We are excited to go back!
Love the setup, love that they have pool tables, love the big screens, great music, great atmosphere, great servers, good food.  Ultimate Grilled Cheese is indeed ultimate...it's a stand out dish that put a smile on my foodie friend's face; not a fan of the veggie burger tho.  But overall, I can dig it...
Came in for the free burger n tater tots promo on Sunday 2-26 to check the place out and have a burger! One of my friends mentioned it, and he's a beer snob, but I thought he was promoting the burgers, but I guess this was a link from a craft beer related site since I saw lots of craft beers on tap! I was pleased.
I ordered mine with Swiss cheese, got American, but I didn't care, I was ready to chow down. The burger was nice and fat, not the thin weak patties and done medium with char on the outside and a little pink inside. Texture was perfectly soft. Served with tomato slice, a few raw onion rings, green lettuce and a long pickle wedge all on the side, and tater tots sprinkled with salt n pepper upon arrival. Overall a scrumptious burger. Menu burgers are $9-11, looks like they have some great ideas.
Beer selection was good, they had a craft tap list which included local Papago's Orange Blossom, Odell 90 Schilling, and one of my faves, Hop Head Red from Green Flash! I was pleased! Other brands included Deschutes, Stone, Lagunitas, Firestone Walker, and plenty of other Arizona brands like Oak Creek and Nimbus.
$3.50 craft pints and half-off appetizers (normal price $8.95 or so) during Happy Hour 3-7pm! DEAL! Jump on that!
Lucky Break is a clean place with nice looking large pool tables and service with a smile. Full bar of course. I don't know what it would take for me to give 5 stars, maybe a variety of wing flavors or some extreme pricing on those wings one day a week. YEAH that would do it! So far just one flavor of wings (authentic) are on the menu but they do have boneless style too. 
Isn't there SOMEWHERE in the PHX valley that does crazy wing prices one day a week?
I don't frequent pool hall bars because I think they're scummy, but this is WAY above average and the clientele seemed normal and not trashy and tweeked out. At least during the afternoon haha. Lots of screens for sports, and there's also trivia.
I would come here again, but it's a bit far for me.
Decent burgers and bar food.  The atmosphere is pretty cool inside.  With billards, lots of tvs/projectors and smoke free!  The place has only been open since December and does lots of promotions/specials throughout the week.  The location is a bit eh, since its located in strip mall thats none too impressive.  However, not a bad place to just hang out for a few hours.
Love this place! Every time I go it gets a little busier and busier. People are starting to hear about Lucky Break and if you haven't, you better check it out!  Very clean, friendly people and food is great! I am obsessed with their Blackened Ahi Tacos! So yummy. Yep that's right I said Ahi Tacos at a bar. Their food is way better then typical bar food. If they continue to do what they are doing, I will continue to stop by as often as possible. Also they have happy hour everyday from 3-7 (Ahi tacos included) Pool tables are nice and new to play on as well. Ladies the bathrooms are always clean too!
We met up with some friends for happy hour after work here and had a great time. The place is spacious with a number of different sized table so we had no trouble accommodating our group even though we had at least 15 people. 4 stars for the food and atmosphere. 

Happy hour gave us a steal for the wings which were delicious. It was thursday which means cheap Blue Moons all day which is a win in my book. Also they had a great assortment of pool tables and darts - hard to find in the north valley (might be more standard down in Tempe with the college crowd). 

The last star is given for management rocking out. After playing, drinking and having a great time the manager even came out and gave us a gift certificate for a future outing that gave us two .01$ drink tickets for every member of our party, free shared appetizers and two pool tables for two hours. Now, I do realize that they probably noticed how much we had spent after 6 hours in the bar but it is still way cool in my book. We will definitely go back.
$5 Ahi tuna tacos, $4.50 wings (that are not small) for happy hour and a Coach Erickson sighting (he's apparently a partner). What more could you ask for?
I know, I know, a Coach Graham sighting.

Personally though, I've been there a few times and never saw anyone playing pool. If they got rid of all the tables but one and moved that one to the front left corner, they could make that large wood floor space a dancefloor, bring in a deejay and have a booming nightlife there as well as good food. 

That floor space is also large enough to host live local music. 

They seem to hold the service to a high level too as our waitress was excellent the first few times we came and then when our server changed things changed a bit as well. 

A promising place nonetheless that's large, has an abundance of good flatscreens, good happy hour food specials and often times good service.
BIGGEST BURGER IN TOWN! 

Yes these burgers are huge! Portion size will not disapoint, ladies eat half for dinner and you have half for lunch the next day when you can't leave the office! 
Nice thick fries too! 
Place is very nice looking inside! 
Plenty to do inside, pool tables and video games, not to mention all the big screens! 
Wish we lived closer this would be our hang out!
Kid friendly and great food items.  They have all the bar regulars plus a nice foodie touch to their menu.  Dishes come out looking great and tasting better.  Wait staff handled special orders easily and cheerfully.  Check this place out, keep it busy, don't let tempe lose a nice local spot!!
Awesome food. Tons of seating options. Really nice pool setup and a good beer selection at decent prices....can't ask for more!
Finally somewhere in my neighborhood that has good craft beer and atmosphere!! Inside looks completely different from the outside. Its large but still welcoming inside. Pool tables, tv's all over the place, booth seating and of course bar seating.

Happy hour every day until 7pm !! I tried the hummus and devoured the whole thing along with my Guinness.  Good prices and good service.

You will see me here again, it's a given.

They have beer flights.
Cool bar and grill that opened up next to Chinatown Buffet.  Service here is excellent. Everyone is friendly and smiling when you walk in the bar.  The burgers are very good, and they offer alternative options to beef such as chicken, turkey, and veggie which can be substituted at no cost.  As for appetizers, we've had the extreme nachos, which were awesomely huge and delicious.  The sides I've had with the burgers are also very good, and I'm happy to see that they offer sweet potato tots.

On our last visit, service was great, but the kitchen seemed to be having an off day.  I ordered a veggie burger, and got a turkey burger.  I had ordered it "Mean Green" style, which should have come with green chile, jalapenos, pepper jack, and avocado, but there wasn't any avocado in the burger.  When our server questioned the chef about the order, he had said that they had changed the menu a little, so that guacamole was in the burger instead, but there wasn't any guacamole in the burger either.  The salad I had with the burger as a side ($1.95 for a salad instead of the regular sides) was a very sizeable portion and came with freshly grilled corn, cucumber, tomato, crouton, and grated carrot.  My husband also substituted for a Caesar salad, but it did not have any Caesar dressing on it.  

We came here on a Monday because they advertised $5 turkey burgers and veggie burgers.  When we got the bill we were charged full price.  What we weren't told at the time, (And also was not advertised, nor was it on the menu) was that the $5 deal is only for a plain burger with no extra toppings.

EDIT 6/30/12: After talking with one of the managers, the $5 deal is supposed to be for any of the listed burgers on the menu that you order as a turkey or veggie burger, so someone must have gotten their information mixed up the day we went here!
My bf and I live right down the street so we wanted to try this place out. We had read good reviews on the burgers.  The atmosphere was pleasant and service was superb. The food was not that great. I ordered the the hot wing (hot), which were $9 for 10 wings, a little on the expensive side. My boyfriend ordered the smoke jumper burger, and a cup of chili. Our food came out in a timely manner. The wings were not very hot at all and unfortunately did not have too much flavor. The burger was very greasy, with soggy bacon and it too lacked flavor. They don't seem to season their burgers. The chili was bland and came out in a ramekin size cup, for $4.

We might try this place out again for drink and pool, but definitely not the food.
This was one great laid back bar. I went for a Yelp event and arrived early due to thinking there would be more traffic on the I-10. I ended up walking around the well designed and furnished bar to see nice wood accents, clean well kept pool tables, and a happy go lucky staff that was willing to get me anything I wanted and always wore a smile. I ended up drinking a few four peaks Kilt lifters before I decided on what I wanted and maybe the overdose of carbs led me to the santa fe type chicken salad that was great. The chicken was moist and blackened with the right amount of spice and the lettuce and toppings were super fresh. After dinner I tried a few new 4 peaks creations and hopped on the nearest pool table for some after dinner fun with the brew masters. The environment was always nice, music at the right level and plenty to watch on tv including my favorite ( UFC ). When I made it back to the table there were a plethora of desserts and I could not resist trying them and on the real I am so glad I did. The brownie with vanilla bean and coffee ice cream was to die for and also the brownie cake with peanut butter. Just super mouth watering sugar-tastic goodness all around.  I would defiantly go back to this place, and will be sure to bring my friends next time I'm in the area.

Be sure to check this joint out!
The Things that Work. Really well:

-the burgers. Seriously delicious, imaginative and well constructed burgers. Every time.
-the beer. Options! And real knowledge from the bartender! Like 10-15 on draft and a handful by the bottle.
-the liquor. Again, options! And fun specialty cocktails. And bartenders who know how to construct shots with more imagination than pouring cold jger in a shot glass.
-the desserts. The brownie and ice cream is so good that I'm willing to throw my calorie counter out the window and devour the thing by myself, while growling at those trying to share with me. NO SHARING!
-the TVs. Lots of them! Playing all different sports! And different teams! Not just the same game on every tv. They switch on music videos after the games are over, later in the evening. I become completely mesmerized by this and will lose at pool because of it.
-the billiards:
---On Monday nights, it's $9 unlimited all night play. Other nights is $7/hour. You can see the value there. 
---the tables are beautifully maintained.
---the cues are straight and true. All in excellent condition.
---the pool tables are appropriately spaced from the walls and tables. You never have to worry about twisting yourself in some weird shape because you're too damn close to the wall to make your shot. 
-the bartenders. They care abut you and your beers. They will come out to you while you're playing pool to see if you need a fresh drink. 

The Things that Don't Work:

-I live too far away and can't come here often enough.
I've been dying to find another local watering hole to satisfy my love of good food, cheap booze and pool.  Who would have thought such a place would open up next to one of my favorite Chinese buffets in Tempe?  I've now been there 3 times and need to do my damnedest to spread the word.  

First off, the space is modern, inviting and completely open.   Their are TVs everywhere with a long bar running down the left side.  The pool tables make up the back right section of the space and I love the modern and open vibe of the space, complete with wood accented walls and wood floors.  The pool tables are well maintained as are the sticks.  

Their food is exceptional and diverse.  I highly recommend the Monte Twisto with a side of sweet potato tater tots.  The sandwich is big, cheesy and delicious.  The sweetness of the tots is well balanced by the crispy outside.  Also, the Ultimate Grilled Cheese with smoked Gouda puts a great spin on an old classic.  I opted to add bacon and tomatoes and was not disappointed.  It comes with a side of Green Chile Tomato Bisque; don't opt out because the Bisque is thick, creamy and spicy.  I have also had Chorizo Fondue and Chorizo Chili and like them, but wish the chorizo was spicier....much spicier! 

Now for the booze.  They have daily happy hour from 3-7 with great deals.  I would venture to say they are the best deals in S. Tempe.  More importantly, they have daily deals, saving all of us worker bees from having to cut out too early from work on a Friday.  Friday's drink deal is $3 Pinnacle Whipped Vodka drinks.  I order mine with OJ to make a creamsicle.  

The bottom line...I hope to continue coming here until old age.

**Tip 1**

Friday is $3 pints of Sonoran White Chocolate Ale....oops, scratch that.  They switched it out for Lumberyard Raspberry Ale, which is really good BUT.....bring back the White Chocolate because it goes great with Root Beer.

**Tip 2**

They have a nice sized, sectioned off patio for you to lock up your bike.  Yes, we will make this a stop on our next bars on bikes!!!
Went there on Saturday, with my Groupon in hand, and got a burger with avocado, jalapenos, and cheese on it, medium.  My, my it was tasty.  Now, I'm not a big burger fan, I mean, they're ok, but if I have a choice, I almost always choose something else.  But for some reason, I chose one that day, and I have to say I was very pleased.  It was cooked perfectly, a little pink in the middle, very fresh vegies on it.  One of the best burgers I've ever had, without a doubt.  And sweet potato tots on the side, that's right, sweet potato.  I would give it a 5 on Saturday.

It was so good that we went back today for taco Tuesday.  

Today, not as good.  We pretty much got ignored most of the time we were there.  And they weren't that busy, not sure what the waitresses were doing, as I hardly ever saw them.  Never asked how my daughter wanted her burger cooked, came out well done.  My tacos were good, probably a 3.5.   But I don't feel the need to go running back like I did on Saturday.  

So I'm going to split the difference and give this place a 4.  But I hate to be ignored.   I will go back for the burger, but not real soon.

Sure hope I get a different waitress though.....
Lucky Break certainly is a surprise to walk into as it is certainly nicer than its modest surroundings would lead you to believe. Once inside, you will find plenty of seating that isn't crowded together and several well lit pool tables with new(er) cues.  
My burger was yummy and much better than average bar fare. You can also substitute beef for chicken or a veggie option.  They have specials, including happy hour, every day and a large draft beer selection. Prices are fair and the restrooms were clean, always something I look for in a bar & grill. 
My only complaint is that they had one barkeep on a Friday night and they have a very long bar, making it hard to get their attention.  Would I come here again?  Yes.
My 2nd visit at lunchtime on a weekend - Staff is welcoming - Food is fantastic.  Plenty of seating, tv's, pool tables, and beats every other Grill/Bar in at least a 5 mile radius of McClintock and Guadalupe ( On second thought, not sure that I should yelp this because I don't want it to get so popular I can't get get a seat when football starts ) Great place (so far)...
So far, I've just been here with the family for pool and soft drinks.

This isn't a seedy pool hall--this is a sports bar and grill with pool tables, a dart machine, and more.  While most of their income, no doubt, is from cocktails and beer at the bar, you also see people here having lunch and dinner, sometimes looking up at the tv to see the Cardinals or the Diamondbacks play.

I haven't had the food yet, but the place is friendly and with a good atmosphere, so I see a point sometime soon where I'll take the family there for a meal and another game of pool.  I'll be sure to scratch on the break like I often do, but at least we'll all be having fun.
Place is really good and the venue is great with high top table and booths. Pool available and tons of TVs to watch the game. Def top sports bar in the area. Burgers and service was amazing. I'd get the sweet potatoes tots and the peanut butter desert was really good. Will be back with a ton of friends!
My Bf and I had came here on a pretty busy night; we had a feeling no waiter would see us where we had sat but it was probably a few minutes before a waiter had seen us and was very pretty quick getting everything to us in general. Good enough service to where I definitely want to go back soon and try more burgers or maybe just more sweet potato tots since they were the most amazing sweet potato tots i've ever had. Especially with the marshmallow dipping sauce that you do have to ask for.  They have some pretty good specials on weekdays which is why I would like to return soon so I can become more familiar on what days to be a regular. :)

The one thing I did not love too much were the very salty ahi street tacos, they looked perfectly cooked but the flavor killed it for me I Wish they could make mine with no salt or not nearly as much, I felt like I ate a table spoon of salt each bite. :(
I was totally impressed by my first trip to Lucky Break last night.  A friend had mentioned the place, and I checked out their website last week to see what they were about.  There are so many sports bars and pool halls around that I really wanted something different.  In this I mean a place where I can get a drink, shoot some pool or watch sports, and eat QUALITY food!  At Lucky Break, everything satisfies.

The service was outstanding.  Michelle was our server, and she was very attentive.  The other servers went out of their way to deliver drinks when she was busy.  The teamwork was excellent.

The ambiance and decor were inviting.  The design and  floor space was open, comfortable, clean and new.  The bathrooms were clean and kept.

They had plenty of drink options from local beer to interesting cocktails.  I can't recall if they served wine.

I am a big foodie, and there is nothing more satisfying than surprisingly good food at a sports bar or pool hall.  I only tried one item on my first trip, but I can tell they do things right.

I had the Jamaican Jerk wings.  They were delicious.  Perfectly fried wings, fresh and hot, tossed in a very complex home-made Jerk sauce.  The presentation was beautiful.  The wings were stacked into a wall, and on the side was a fan of three fresh carrots and celery sticks resting on a leaf of lettuce.  

The small things, from the fresh carrots and celery sticks, to the fresh lime wedges in my drink, to the home-made wing sauce, really makes Lucky Break worth the visit for the food and drinks alone.  Not to mentioned the entertainment and fine service.

This place really pays attention to detail, and I appreciate that.
Located in a non descript strip mall and that alone will turn away a lot of people...for shame. Because inside you will find some tasty craft brews from Firestone, Papago, Four Peaks, Oak Creeek, San Tan, and O'Dells.  The burgers are the house specialty and will satisfy any burger lover. Get the one with the egg on top and you are in chloesterol heaven.  Nice pool tables and friendly bartenders in aq place that is trying to make craft beer work in a non craft beer environment.

PS Sweet potatoe tots are to die for.
A very nice sports bar.  Great place to watch a game or just hang out.  They have awesome TV's.  My boyfriend is in love with their nachos because they use fresh jalapenos, which makes them pretty spicy.  I'm very excited to have such a nice sports bar so close to home.
Went there again last night for the burger.  Supposed to come out on toasted buns, it didn't.  Medium, was medium rare.  And once again I was almost ignored by the waitress, and had to wait about 10 minutes for my check even though we were obviously done.  And the noise, so noisy, couldn't really carry on a conversation.  I won't be back.
Love this place! Food is awesome, service is really good. I always have a great convo with the bar tenders. The whole look and feel of the place is totally chill. Be careful of the shuffle board table, its kinda wonky. Last time we were there, they said they were going to get it fixed.
They have no idea how to do NFL Sunday football to cater to all NFL fans. They kept changing channels and half of there tv signs where games were suppose to be located did not match. Don't bother coming for a game unless your a Browns fans (no offense to the Browns fans). They need to take NFL Sunday customer service from other bars who have experience. The owner was a douche and lied about certain tv's being linked together just bc he was to much of an ass to change to the tv the sign stated in the 1st place....
My three friends and I moved across the street from Lucky Break at the beginning of June. We were pleasantly surprised with the very good beer selection on tap, meaning they don't just have your typical Bud, Bud Light, Miller, etc. They have a lot to choose from and very good prices on beers to go along with. Since moving in, we have gone to LB about 2 nights a week and have always had a good experience. 

During one of our visits we were informed that they have NFL Sunday Ticket and breakfast, so we were excited to check it out. Now,every Sunday for the past 4 years, we, along with anywhere between 5-10 friends have watched football at the Tavern on Mill. We went to LB for the opening night of NFL on Wednesday and had a great time and we were really looking forward to Sunday. Our reason for wanting access to all the games is that we all play in high dollar Fantasy Football leagues and what better place to pay attention to all the games than a bar? Moving on to Sunday...

We arrived around 9:20 AM for the 10:00 AM games and were pleased with an already good crowd. We got a table in the section we wanted (section with most TV's) and took a look at the signs that said which games would be played on which TV's. Everything was perfect. Then, as the crowd rolled in (majority being Browns fans), everything changed. Every other TV was switched to the Browns game. There were 6 TV's in our section, 2 of which were showing the Browns, 2 of which were showing the Bears/Colts, and then the other 2 were showing different games. We brought this to the owner's attention and he had no interest in hearing us out. In the morning games alone, there were 3 separate games that were not on the TV anywhere in the bar. When we asked if there was any way we could this changed, the owner said "There are only 20 TV's, there is only so much I can do." Well, the Browns were on 7 of those TV's! On 3 separate occasions, people from our table, and the table next to us asked for specific games to be shown and were denied every time. WHY HAVE NFL SUNDAY TICKET IF YOU DON'T SHOW ALL THE GAMES?!?!?! We could have stayed home and seen as many games on our home TV's! Also, the beer of the month was Lagunita's IPA..perfect! Except, they were out of their Beer of the Month and it was September 9th. Bad planning..especially when every server's shirt is advertising Lagunita's! 

Our server was awesome, which is the only reason we stayed. There were 10 of us at the table and the owner couldn't give two shits about pleasing anyone other than the Browns fans. Oh, and the table of 6 next to us left because they couldn't get the game they wanted, which was advertised as being played on the TV they were sitting near.

Here is a tip..Get the Browns game going in the Northeast section of the bar where there are two big screens..put on the sound for them, and pile them all in! I understand, you need to make money and the Browns fans had a great following, but you can't sacrifice every other TV in the bar at the expense of every other customer. We are going to try it one more time on Sunday and if all they're doing is playing the Browns on every other TV, then we will be going back to the Tavern. It's too bad, because it is walking distance from us and a local bar we really liked, but if the big guy in the yellow shirt understood the point of having Sunday Ticket, it would have been a much better experience. It really turned us off and we will not go back during the week or on Sundays if they cater to one group. Remember, they will only be there 16 days a year..the Browns aren't making the playoffs. We have been there twice a week since June.

Food is good, prices are good, beer is good, service is good...EVERYTHING was good except all the games being on the TV'S. Spread them out and put them on!! The VIP pass they give for coming every week is also very cool and actually one of the better give away's for Sundays around here.
Are you a pool shark? No? Cool, me either! But if you are, this is a great spot for you! It's like a sports bar meets video bar and the atmosphere is so crackin. Yeah, I said crackin! 
The beer selection is bomb dot com. If you know me like I know me, then you know I like beer. Seasonal beers on tap! 

I've never eaten hear but one of my best buds who is a burger aficionado says they really are the tits mcgee! 

Rent a table by the hour, have some brewskis and say hi to Samantha for me if you see her!
This is a solid 3-star bar.  I am judging this ONLY OFF THE BAR, NOT OFF THE FOOD!!!

The bartender I dealt with, Michael, was pretty cool.  I came in here with a coworker around 10pm on a Sunday night (both in town for meetings) and it was a decent experience.  The bar was clean.  Drinks were a bit pricey, but I tend to tip a little on the high side when I am drinking so I can't knock them here.  The atmosphere was a bit lacking.  No music, no ESPN or other TV noise... Kinda.. just conversation.

I am a vodka guy so I did not pay attention to much else.  They seem to be very heavily loaded on middle shelf, but not many top shelf.  I opted for Skyy, can't go wrong there.  There was a significant selection of draft beers if that is your thing...

There is absolutely nothing wrong with this place.  It isn't overly impressive by any means though.  The service was good, but in essence it is the bartenders job to be responsive and cool.  The atmosphere is costing the 2 stars Lucky Break is not getting.  A giant store front window greets Baseline Road and the makeshift patio smoking section.

If I lived locally, I would probably visit every few weeks, but lacks... je ne sais quoi... Panache.  Wow... way too much French for one review!

There are a large number of video games (thought I saw Golden Tee... my weakness), about 4 pool tables, great for groups.  Maybe a busier night would be better?  Not the bartenders fault, however.  Michael rocked....
Stopped here for lunch on a Saturday when a bunch of college football games were on and this sports bar was very nearly empty.  It easily has room for 100 people and about 10 large screens showing games.  It's a nice place with good food so depending on what you're looking for the relative lack of people could be good or bad.

I had a burger with green chilis and jalapenos that was really tasty.  The fries were a bit dry.

The service was good, though like I said it was empty when I was there so not sure what it would be like if they were really busy.
Worst service I've ever had. I'm literally sitting in here as I post this. The sign says "please seat yourself" and I've sat at the same table for twenty minutes now and not a SINGLE server has even greeted me ! Let alone ask me if I want a drink. Nice atmosphere but I value service, and I see ZERO here. Lets see how long it takes before I can get an ice tea....
Monday night football continues here at Lucky Break with their happy hour from 4-7pm. They had a beer called 8-ball for $2 pint and all other beers were $3-$4 in price, including Arizona craft beers. The bar was fairly empty, but a number of tables were full for this game. They had a great happy hour food prices for between two and four bucks. Wanted to try the green chile chicken sliders, but it turns out they have a better deal on Monday for entrees. You could take any of the burgers and substitute a chicken breast (and it was a large breast) and it was only $5, about 1/2 price. The smoke jumper was a great choice with poblano peppers, bacon, smoked gouda and carmelized onions. Plenty of TV's in the place with multiple games going on too. Very nice place to enjoy a game.
I just found Lucky Break a couple of months ago. Have been there 6 times now. The food is excellent and electric atmosphere.
As good as the food is here, I severely don't want to come back after my boyfriend and I were starving. We wanted to eat some food to fill our stomachs and the douche bag at the bar said I wasn't allowed to eat anywhere in the restaurant unles I had my ID. I have never been to a restaurant in the whole world that doesn't have a designated area to just eat! At least at like kona grill they will let you in the restaurant if you don't have your ID. So we went all the way home and came back and I was so tempted to sit at the bar and shove my ID in the bartenders face but my boyfriend was so pissed off it wouldn't have been a good idea. So we sat at the tables facing away from the bar to contain out anger from being so hungry. 
Idk if I will ever come back after this visit.
Things to like
- Two dollar 8 ball pints
- Good food, especially the boneless wings
- Good service and friendly wait staff
- Football/Baseball/Basketball - YES!
Thinks to think about
- They changed happy hour menu.  Have only been once since
- Uncomfortable chairs
Let me start off by saying the food at Lucky Break is great.  We came in with a group of 12 us and sat down to order and asked the waitress for separate checks by couple which I know the pain but most of us use credit cards.  When we got our check the waitress had separated the check, however, she separated all the food on one check and all the drinks on another check.  Also one person in our party did not get her food until the rest of us had finished eating.  So I chalk this up to bad service one time.  I thought I try it again and  was pleasantly surprised. We got great service, the food was excellent, and the atmosphere was nice as well.

Definitely try Taco Tuesday as the tacos are delicious. I got the seared Ahi tuna tacos and they were scrumptious and inexpensive. They have great nightly specials with discount drinks and food.  And free pool on Tuesday night.

Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed (unless you get the server we had the first time)...
Went back the other night and the drink specials are still very good with most beers at $3 and craft beers as well. Lost a star due to more food sampling. The green chile chicken sliders were hot as fire and nobody mentioned that fact. Green chile should not be that hot, they might have used jalapeno's. Waitress was nice and I got to sub out for some Cheeseburger sliders, which were very uninspiring with just a little piece of cheese on top of the burger. Also had some sweet potato tots included, but those were equally disappointing. The inside tasted like mush and might not have been cooked fully. The chicken quesadilla was decent, but somebody's hummus platter went uneaten. Still, great for sports with three giant screens available. Fiood needs more work though.
Love this place!
My partner and I had lunch at Lucky Break today, and we loved it. Our server, Samantha, was incredibly friendly and made us feel very welcome. As a vegetarian, it's hard to find a good veggie burger, but Lucky Break loads their burgers with toppings, making them pretty incredible. They use Boca burgers, which aren't as good as house-made, but dripping with cheese and covered in green chilies and jalapenos, they're fantastic. They definitely don't mess around with the jalapenos; they use thick hand-cut slices with the seeds, so beware! They also have a great local beer selection and seem to have great daily and happy hour specials. I definitely recommend the place!
I will premise this review by noting that there were only 2 other people in the place when I arrived.  And that is the only reason that I did not give it 5 stars, becasue I would like to see how everything is when they are busier.

With that said, I ordered the Ultimate Grilled Cheese and an Iced Tea.  The bartender talked me into adding ham to the sandwich, and informed me that this sandwich came with a cup of Tomato Bisque Soup.

Ordered placed and in about 7 minutes my food arrived.

The Tomato Bisque Soup was out of this world, I could have eaten just that for a meal.  But, I didn't, and I'm glad I didn't, the Ultimate Grilled Cheese with Ham was also very, very good.  I would say that I will definitely order this again, but I can't say that because the rest of the menu has me wanting to try other items.

Overall, this was a great experience . . . and . . . I will definately be returning.
My co-workers and I went her after work one day. It was a really friendly place. We were welcomed by the bartenders and they kept the drinks coming. 

-The Happy Hour Specials were great, I ordered one of every appitizer. The hummus was delicious and for a bar I was shocked.
-The drinks were well made and not too over powering but enough I had to stop way in advance of driving home. 
-The bartenders were attentive, if I had an empty drink glass in front of me they were all about what to get me next.
-The locals were friendly, but not "overly friendly." I have to say I appreciated that. I didn't feel like an outcast however I didn't feel like I needed to leave and bleach myself in Clorox.

I would certainly recommend this place for happy hour after work, or just relaxing on the weekends. It seems like the place to be for the area!
Ugh.  I hate writing negative reviews.  And although I do have some positives to touch on (hence the 3 stars) I must hound on 1 crucial point...customer service, customer service, customer service!!!  This was my 3rd time back to Lucky Break, all spread out by apx. 3 months or so and every time we received awful, rude-ish (is that a word?) service....specifically from the bartenders.  I definitely don't expect red carpet, top notch, amazing service from a local bar, but I do expect friendly, welcoming service.  It feels like the bartenders are put out by having to serve you.  I have been there when it is busy and when it is slow, and it is the same elitist, unwelcoming service every time.

On the positive side...the beer selection on tap is great, with super cold glasses to accompany them, good food options (even some healthy options) for a sports bar, specials every day, lots of pool tables and other misc. games.  We really REALLY want to like this place, but are so let down by the service every time (sigh).
Pros. This is where my coworkers and i come for happy hour on Fridays. Since i
don't drink beer, I've tried a variety things off their food menu. I like their sweet potato tots with marshmallow dip. Their regular tots are pretty decent too. My favorite thing on the menu is their peanut butter thing (dessert). We usually get the same waitress. She's ditzy and a bit slow; but she always gets our orders right. She once got into a nasty verbal argument with my coworker, but we still came back the following week. Plenty of parking.

Cons: Mediocre burgers and sandwiches.
This has been one of my go-to locals since it opened.  There's a good selection of liquor behind the bar but the real attraction is the fifteen or so local and national microbrews on tap.  The prices are very reasonable and they have good happy hour deals every day of the week.  They don't pull the old happy hour bait and switch where happy hour only applies to American macros - they also knock some of the price of their bounty of delicious micros.

The hamburgers are certainly solid, but nothing special.  They do get points for creativity as they have some burger creations I've only seen here.  Unfortunately the wings her are just not up to snuff, so I would stay away from them.  I've also tried the nachos which were mediocre.

There are giant flat screens televisions plastered all over the walls in the dining area, bar, and around the pool tables, so it's a great place to fuel your attention deficit sports fandom and follow multiple games on college football Saturdays or NFL Sundays.  I've never been in here when it's hard to get a table or at least a seat in the bar during game days.  The interior design of the bar is very modern with lots of wood paneling and black leather booths.

I'd say Lucky Break kills it as a casual day-drinking sports bar with real beer on draft.
Good food, better than an average sports bar. We had burgers, a quesadilla and something called pig rig.  They were all excellent.  Service is slow, but attentive.  Kids meals are small for 10 year old, order an adult entree.  Lots of pool tables and very reasonable for the family to play.
3/23/13

Stopped by after the RenFaire to have a drink during happy hour, and while I didn't eat anything, I did try a pint (well, I drank about half a pint!) of Sierra Nevada Hefeweizen.  (I'm assuming it's Kellerweis, since I just purchased a six-pack from Sprout's, and the sips I've tried awhile ago tasted like what I tried here at LB.)  I can't recall the cost breakdown, but I remember thinking that the prices on  beer drafts were pretty good!  Craft for $4 or less is not too shabby...

Thank goodness it wasn't very cold indoors, like it was when Yelp held an Elite event here.  It was middle of summer, and yet I was freezing!  Today was a beautiful day, mid-70s I think, and it was very comfortable inside.  Only thing I didn't like was that it was very dark indoors at 530p.  It made me wish I was outdoors enjoying the beautiful weather!
Well, went back here to watch one of the NCAA semifinals. On Saturday night an entire section of the bar was reserved for a kids baseball team and their parents. Is this a sports bar or a Chucky cheese? Thought that was kinda lame. I only mention that because as we were sitting at the bar eating our $2 garlic parmesan fries (which had a nice amount of garlic on sturdy frozen steak fries) we noticed the big TV at the bar was very blurry. Yes, we were seeing double on that TV, so we had to move, but 1/2 the bar was off limits. Blurry TV..uhhh get it fixed. 
      The drink specials and beers here are always good, but food is still kinda shaky. As a sports bar, how can you not have mozzarella sticks or potato skins on the menu? My friend ordered the $7.95 BBQ chicken dinner, but this isn't BBQ, the breast is off the bone and then they simply cover the chicken with a bottled? BBQ sauce. So, it's technically  BBQ chicken, wink, wink, but real BBQ chicken is on the bone and actually gets sauced while cooking. My entree was way more successful as I had the Orchard salad with blackened chicken added for $2.95, which made this salad about $12. The chicken is this dish was outstanding, a great version of the blackened seasonings. My request for dressing on the side was ignored, so I just ate it anyway and the raspberry vinagarette, which the waitress said was homemade, wasn't too sweet afterall. Alot of tasty walnuts and dried cranberries appeared as well. 
    Waitress and follow-up guy server were very attentive and nice and I thank the management for sending me a gift card which I used to fun most of the meal.
Great place!! My husband and I love hoppy beers and this place has us covered. WITH MORE THEN 1!! They have a wide variety ( for Tempe ) of beers ranging from your 3.2( Bud, Coors ect.) beers to your IPA's. The prices are worth going back for too. The food is your average bar food. However, they make a killer batch of fried pickles!!!! Happy hour deals are perfect for food and drinks. They also have well kept pool tables. I do believe there is a dart board, shuffle board and a few arcade games as well. The staff are friendly, most of them are pretty good with keeping up with their tables/ seats. Some of the younger ones kind of show their age and experience levels while fluttering away at the server station gabbing and flicking around on their phones, ( unacceptable ) but the rest of their staff makes up for those girls. All in all I would absolutely call this a great place to gather.
I would call myself a regular here. My softball team goes almost every Friday after our game. If you are going to eat I recommend any burger. You can't go wrong! The service is hit or miss depending on who you get. They always have good drink specials, different ones each night. They also have pool tables, but they fill up quick on the weekends. Overall it's a pretty solid place. It keeps us coming back week after week.
Should have done this a long time ago, but never got back on YELP. They fixed the issues of the games being shown and my friends and I went back there for all 17 Sundays of the NFL season as well as MANY Monday's. They do a great job! Thank you!
This place was actually a surprise. Beer was a great price for tap, food was good and the staff was very friendly. I got here by accident but I would go again when I come to the Tempe area. Overall had a great time!
Nice set-up for just dining, hanging out at the bar and playing billiards.  Regulation tables that are very clean and level.  All the sticks are good quality, so a great place to practice your skills.  Lots of TV's, so great place for a game night to drink, play billiards, even darts and eat some yummy food.  Had the chicken quesadilla.  Filling, cheesy, and decently priced.  Patrons of all ages. Will go back soon.
As I attended a meetup at Lucky Break, it was my first time through the doors of this establishment. It is bigger than I anticipated and the bar is big, their menu is more than enough and of course they have several pool tables inside. But I wasn't here to play pool.

They have pretty good beer selection, where the local (Arizona) ones are cheap for happy hour. So are several of their dishes like sliders for $4, totally worth it and comes with sweet tater tots. This to me that's weird, but it's a great deal for someone to eat something while sucking down some awesome beers or margaritas. 

I consider this place a dive, but then again I do enjoy a good dive bar. Every day they have a different happy hour special, and some days it looks to be a fantastic deal. Since I have a hard time turning down a good deal - I know I will be back here.

They have some music going, and I have no idea where it comes from but it played everything from early Kiss to Beastie Boys. Nothing to brag about, but the music is totally appropriate for the venue. Service was good - we had a new waitress waiting on us, and as she might not be the strongest person to recommend stuff, she didn't get one order wrong... and really that's what matters.

I would never have chosen this place to go to.. ever. But I am glad I ended up here, and I will be back. That is a certainty. 

..und das..
Was there on a Sunday afternoon.  Not a bunch of people there at the moment, but I can tell this place probably throws down on a weekend night.  They have all the fixins for a good time - photohunt, darts, billiards, Mrs. Pacman/Galaga.  Only had a beer so I can't comment on the food.
When we pulled up, I was not happy my husband was taking me to a place in a strip mall for date night. But, we had a gift card from a charity event so I sucked it up. 

To my surprise, once you enter this place, you have no idea you are in a strip mall - between a gun shop and Chinese buffet. It is a great atmosphere with wood paneled walls (that sounds terrible, but it's nice) lots of TV's large booths and pool tables. My favorite part is they offer a great selection of local beers. 

Our waiter was Graydon who was fantastic. I had the chicken Philly and my husband had the chicken cordon blue. Both were surprising outstanding. I requested a side salad instead of fries and it came loaded up! Very impressive. 

We were pleasantly pleased with the service, price and food. No complaints here - other than I wish there was a Lucky Break by us in north Phoenix!
Awesome food... Glad I live around the corner
Lucky Break - I liked you and will give you another chance. Saturday afternoon and not crowded at all. Watched a little sports action and had a few beers. Good selection and we enjoyed our choices. Your new wait staff was doing her best and we appreciated that. Your honey mustard dressing was over the top spicy with what tasted like horseradish - couldn't put it on my salad, sorry. Fried pickles - too much batter, where were the pickles? But the burgers were seasoned well and cooked perfectly. I know you're a bar with bar food, so I shouldn't be too surprised. Maybe next time...
Thanks so much Lucky Break for the terrific Thursday night fun. Our party of eight thoroughly enjoyed visiting. Pool, shuffleboard, spin the wheel, ice-cold beer, throwback cocktails, terrific appies (especially the garlic fries) and unbelievably friendly service made this visit a treat. You have become my new favorite neighborhood bar. Can't wait for Sunday morning football breakfasts too!!
Lunch Time!  What do you expect from a random lunch stop at a local bar/pool hall?  Not a whole lot, right?  Well this was a Lucky Break for us!  The venue is exactly what you expect, only better.  It was larger inside than it looked from outside, the atmosphere is laid back and comfortable, and the people are friendly and helpful.  The bar is big, the TV's are plentiful, and best of all the food is great. 

I have to say I have never ordered a turkey burger before going to the Lucky Break, but it was on their Monday special and the deal was too good to pass up.  My hesitations were unwarranted, the burger is delicious!  It is my new favorite burger, and they offer several beers on tap including some good local options.

So, we had a surprisingly good lunch at a comfortable and friendly establishment, and our experience was better than expected.  5 Stars, and we have been back several times already!
Love this place. Great beer, great atmosphere, great tvs, great employees.

PLEASE BRING BACK THE FRENCH TOAST FOR SUNDAY FOOTBALL! 

PLEASE get salsa if you're going to serve a breakfast burrito...and please don't use cold deli ham for the breakfast burrito!!

Thanks, we'll be here every Sunday-hopefully ordering French toast.
This place is an appreciated break from the monotony of Tempe. Families, graduates, and locals converged here today for 2 games, and the energy of the rivalries made me feel at home :-)
Best and most inviting place in the area. An area of Tempe that is surprisingly lacking good bars. We have been here every Sunday during the NFL season since the place opened and we are typically here every Thursday night for the nfl game. 

Great people, great beer, great TVs, good food!
The food is surprisingly good. The beer is ice cold. The place is immaculately clean. The servers Joy and Zira are excellent. There's two dozen flat screen TVs around the room. Prices are reasonable. This may have just become my new favorite bar.
I had a blast at Lucky Break. The happy hour specials are really good for large sharable appetizers and drinks. It's close to my apartment which is something I value when trying to get a drink close by before going home. The staff was very friendly and kept our drinks full. I like how there's something for everyone. You can watch sports, play pool, play video games, talk with friends, have drinks and all feel like they belong. 

Downfalls:
The pipes in the restroom smell nasty. Similar taste in the drinking water.
Love there Taco Tuesday!!
Lucky Break is a lovely bar/restaurant!! My husband and I LOVE the food!! It is SO good!! I crave the ahi fish tacos-to die for!! 

Great service and good choice of beers!!

I HIGHLY recommend this place!!
Lucky break was a welcome surprise I'm the strip mall with the china buffet and gun shop. My first time I was pleasantly surprised by the craft beer list, and on subsequent visits the food has also been a welcome surprise. Sure it's not much from the outside but when you venture inside, good bar food, tons of TVs, and a nice local craft beer lineup await. Go on taco Tuesday and get the cod tacos- awesome. Cheers!
Pretty  chill spot to watch the nfl games... Food is pretty good and great happy hour specials I can't think of anything bad to say
Very nice place with excellent service! Variety of places to sit and numerous TV's, so everywhere is a good spot. Everyone is polite. Cheap happy hour prices! I will most defiantly be coming here!
I came here twice in the last few weeks, the first just for drinks and the second for drinks and happy hour food. The drinks here are solid and happy hour is good. Their marg was pretty standard, but at only 4$ on special, I liked it a lot. Their sangria is fairly tasty, sweet, but good. The food, however, was not good. The first trip we saw the food and it looked delish, but upon eating it, not so much. We shared the chicken quesadilla, very bland and boring.... not awesome. The service is generally good and they have electronic trivia (woohoo!). I would go back for happy hour drinks, but skip the food.
My friend I found this place on yelp. We were in the mood to play some pool and just find a relaxed atmosphere and not too crowded. Went here on a Thursday night and the crowd size was perfect, the music wasnt too loud, the bartender named Nicole was really cool, there was just the right amount of flat screen tv's, I was able to hear our conversation, plus we played pool for free that night til close. For the first time being there, it was definitely a good first impression.
Really likin' this place!  I credit these guys wit helping me to regain an appetite for food after a few difficult weeks.  SWEET POTATO TOTS w/ Marshmallow Cinnamon Dipping Sauce! REALLY? Its awesome!  You MUST Try This!  Did I mention they have a TON of GREAT Craft Brews ON TAP as well?
 PS. Anyone for a game of pool? The tables are quite nice!
Food is unique and tasty. Try the ultimate grilled cheese.  Service is poor. Three employees hang around at a table in the bar area chatting while the cook is preparing my food,  lunch came out wonderful but the front of house staff needs to find something to do and pay attention to a the few customers that are in there. I stopped in today at 1 for lunch but they changed their hours they are not open until 3 o'clock weekdays. I feel this place is going to close down quite soon. Prices for pool during promo hours are great.
Free pool sun - thur. Drink prices okay. Good pretty good. Wednesday all day happy hour.
Been here a few times. Foods good service is good. Who can't say they love a few games if free pool? Great place to grab a beer
Order the Cobb Burger! It was delicious!  Food was great, service was ok. I've heard from other people that the service is awful but in the 3 times we've been I've never had 'awful' service.  We'll go again. Love the variety of the beers on tap.
Decided to try this place for fun....the food was GREAT...had the chili cheese tots....awesome.  The burgers were tasty and seasoned well.   We will go back for sure!!
This is the neighbourhood bar in the Alpine area of Kitchener.  We were here to celebrate a family member's impending nuptials and I am certainly glad I came to Chicago.  The food (I had some chicken wings) was good and there were lots of pool tables to play on.  The beer was cold and there are big screens to watch the game all over and the service was attentive... what more can you ask for in such and establishment?  We all had a great time, and hope to be back soon!
If you were a costumer there, and you weren't order any drinks, after many times you come, they gonna make you wait a long time to get a table or they will not give you any!     DISLIKE
Went here to meet friends for pool , beer, and pub fair.
The food is lacking , wings are ok but there is a real lack of choice for flavors. Stay away from the poutin its bland cheese with under cooked fries and salty beef gravy. The girl bartender is great, the waitreses are slow and unatentive.
I am not in a hurry to go back. Will try other places before going here again.
Sports bar atmosphere with hot waitresses . the pool tables are busy on the weekend and during the week the prices are way too high at night for a table. The food and beer are OK. The only time worth going is during the day on weekdays cheap pool