http://www.ikea.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/IkeaNearYouView?storeId=12&catalogId=11001&langId=-1&StoreName=localfood

I love the IKEA Restaurant. 

I love the meatballs and the gravy and the lingonberry sauce and the lingonberry drink and their coffee, both regular and decaf. I love their salmon and their shrimp and their pastries and their dill sauce and their little red potatoes and just everything!  I've never had anything there that isn't delicious!  And I love that I can afford it all and even sometimes get two entrees so I can taste both if I haven't been there for awhile.  And I love that not only is it all delicious there but it is all available to buy packaged and/or frozen to take home and enjoy even more! 

I love the IKEA Cafeteria.

Sample menu:

Deluxe Breakfast Plate 
Scrambled eggs, bacon, Swedish pancakes with lingonberries, potatoes, and coffee. 
$1.99 
 
Open-face Shrimp Sandwich 
Served open faced on wheat with cold-water shrimp, hard boiled egg, and mayonnaise. 
$2.49 
 
 
FAMOUS SWEDISH MEATBALL PLATE FOR ONLY $4.99 15 Swedish meatballs with potatoes and sweet-tart lingonberries.

BIG SWEDE BREAKFAST PLATE AVAILABLE FOR ONLY $2.99: Scrambled eggs, bacon, Swedish pancakes with lingonberries, potatoes, French toast sticks, sausage patty, and coffee.
imagine you have been on a long journey.  a LONG journey.  you have tromped down aisle after aisle, dodging children and carts, sidestepping around displays...you are tired.  exhausted...and hungry.  that trip through swedish furniture heaven has left you with a hunger you can't describe...but never fear...the ikea cafeteria is here!

the swedish meatball meal is fucking AWESOMENESS!  love, love, love it.  their potatoes rock, the lingonberry sauce is the shit and the gravy is seriously an orgasm in your mouth.  this meal is so good, i get it every time.  i munched on some of the salmon my hubby got...it was descent...but he made a mistake not getting the meatball goodness.  IF they have it, also try the lingonberry juice...the last two times i've gone, they didn't have it (sad, sad monkey), but when they do, i GULP that shit down!  it's badass.  i also dig the europe feel of the place...you clean up your own table, which i like.

5 stars for awesomeness-ness...especially cuz you get a workout right before you chow down.
So much food for so little money, and they have kids meals that the kids will actually eat.  If you do not like what they offer in the cafeteria you can get food downstairs like Pizza and hotdogs...what kid does not like Pizza or a hotdog?

I had the meatballs and mashed potatoes and they were so good.  I wish there was something bad to say about eating in a furniture store cafeteria, but there really is not - it was great food, great service and fun for the kids (there is a play area with a TV that they can eat at too (so the parents can enjoy their food too)

My wife had the herb chicken and it looked great too, and she said it was really tasty too.  She loved it.  The desserts were amazing too, and very filling --- SO MUCH FOOD for SO LITTLE THE MONEY!

I wish it was not so far away from Queen Creek, or I would hit it up so much more often!
Alright I never thought of reviewing the IKEA cafeteria before.  But my husband and I ran into Audrey W and HER plus one (yes, kind of pathetic we were both at IKEA on a holiday weekend), and she mentioned the cafeteria has not only been reviewed but gets glowing ratings.  You gotta be kidding me.  

Yes, the food isn't bad and some of it is actually pretty good.  But usually if you're eating there, you're fed up and in dire need of being fed, which could taint your perspective just a bit.  But the rest of the experience is tolerable at best, nauseating at its worst.

Today was a typical experience.  Most of the trays were wet or dirty or both.  I had to go through several glasses to find acceptably clean ones...acceptably clean, not necessarily clean.  The line was backed up so we thought paying cash would be good.  Too bad the guy working did not have change to break a $20 when our bill was $18.30.  Most every table was dirty.  There was no ligonberry drink (the one highlight of this experience in general) to be found.  A small child was spotted running around like a lunatic, only stopping long enough to eat food off of a dirty plate she found in the clean up pile.  Parents?  Anywhere?  Hello?  Unfortunately, I was not in the men's room to witness the horror of a man chasing a naked child through the restroom...naked as in completely naked.  Luckily it was the child and not the man.  And luckily it was not my husband doing the chasing.  At least I don't think it was.

So if this is everyone's idea of a 5-star experience, I'm sorry for you or maybe for me for not seeing what everyone else does.  In any case, I've had better, but I'm sure I will be back.
20 meatballs, mashed potatoes and gravy, lingonberries, and a kid mac 'n' cheese. Less than 9 bucks. We get water. 

Sometimes the line is long.

But seriously, less than 9 bucks. Oh, that includes a delicious almond torte.
Great furniture great prices great quality. Can't stop buying stuff from it. Luv the marketplace.
I think the food is delicious, especially the meatballs. Nom. The last time I was there, I was in the mood for something lighter so I opted for the buffalo chicken wrap. The wrap was good, but surprisingly hot... like hotter than "hot" wings at most restaurants. I actually had to stop eating because my mouth was on fire despite downing multiple classes of whatever beverage I was drinking. 

When it's busy, the cafeteria can get pretty unkept... seems like they don't have enough staff to keep up with the cleaning a lot of the time. But, when I go on a weekday when there aren't 50 million people at IKEA, everything looks great
Meh.. Its a cafeteria I guess so don't really expect much more. Maybe I am just not that into meatballs and the gravy and the lingonberry or something. That was the only thing that made this place stand out from a Luby's ( do they even have those any more?)

If you are in the habit of hanging around in Ikea as a day trip I could see being grateful for it. I am not married and don't have kids so maybe I just don't spend that much time furniture shopping to appreciate it to be all OH SNAP!..

That was the best chicken Cesar salad from a plastic container and carried on a tray I ever had.

It was good cafeteria food.. I wouldn't hesitate to eat there again next time I am shopping for my next BASISK ,or ALÄNG or even a DUDERÖ (or what ever) but I sure would not seek this place out like my friend. No beer either.. That would definitely bump them up a star..

ARE YOU LISTENING TO ME IKEA!? 

You guys would make a killing not to mention another star if you just had a little booze.. Well just think about it anyway.
I ate here with my husband as a convenient stop before we went shopping.  It's cafeteria food, people.  I didn't go in there thinking I was going to get a five star meal for $3.99.  I got the veggie pasta w/ alfredo sauce and my husband got the spaghetti and meatballs.  I couldn't even make it through half of the store before I felt super duper sick.  No more cafeteria food for this girlie.  Stick with the hot dogs and ice cream that you can get after check out....
Scandinavian cuisine is probably the hardest thing to find in Arizona so when IKEA was built a few years ago, I was an immediate fan. If you've lived in Finland or Sweden, this is a bit of nostalgia that you have to have at least every once in awhile. Pass over the typical cafeteria fair offered for Americans and go for the meatballs and mashed potatoes, a classic Scandinavian meal. You eat it all together - scoop up a meatball covered in gravy and top it off with a bit of the potatoes and lingonberry sauce. Delicious! The lingonberry drink is great to mix with either carbonated water or a bit of Sprite to make it more of a soft drink than juice or grab a bottled cider and don't forget to grab a "princess cake" for dessert. You'll feel like you're far north rather than in the middle of the desert.
Ikea cafeteria... I finally ate at one.  I had heard about the meatballs for a long while and finally took the plunge.  After years of anticipation, they were... meh.  Good enough I guess but pretty greasy. lol  I really liked their chocolate cake though, and cheap bowl of salad... and lingon berry soda.

Prolly won't see ya there!
A very well run operation.  Surprisingly good food at a GREAT value!

When we arrived, the cafeteria was TOTALLY slammed.  Heard later that is was "kid's eat free" day.   No wonder!  The line snaked all around the drink service area.  But, it kept moving along.  The wait gave us a chance to review the menu item posters, which looked good.

The Swedish meatballs & gravy were a bit heavy, but tasty.  The lingonberries on the side were awesome.  The Gravlax salmon & salad with special dill mustard was good too.  And, the soup (corn & green chili bisque) was delicious.  IMHO, the Princess Cake was too sweet, but the my family liked it more than me.  

And yes, as the other Yelper stated, the carbonated LIngonberry drink was super refreshing.

And, best of all, the four of us ate & drank ourselves silly for only $18.   If your at IKEA or looking for a cheap lunch in the area, it's definitely worth the visit.
Nothing like chugging down some greasy cheese pizza before you shop!  Yes, the upstairs cafeteria has a good selection of cheep food, but I prefer to skip the crazy lines and snag me a piece of pizza and a coke for $2.50.    If you've never been there, the pizza/hot dog stand is by the checkout lines, so when you walk in, go past the escalator and take a sharp left. It's right by the market where you can purchase food to take home with you.  Quick tip for a party, grab a bag of meatballs and jar of lingberry jam.  Throw them in a crockpot with some chipotle seasoning and bbq sauce, and then just let it cook for a couple hours... It's always a huge hit and super simple! Thanks Ikea.
disgusting, VERY very bland no flavor at all. Food is usually overcooked and cold from sitting out for so long.
I dig the cafeteria here..is it wierd that every time i go to Ikea i get hungry within 10 minutes?  they must have figured out how to turn thier gravy into a gas and pipe into thier store like casinos with Oxygen...

it is not super gourmet, just good fast cheap food.
It's cafeteria food! Can you really expect gourmet? No. But what you can be sure of is that the prices are cheap and it's pretty darn tasty.

I had the stuffed salmon with weird potato/broccoli cakes and carrots. I got the sauce as well which was described to me as 'butter'. No, it's not butter. But there might be a smidgen in it.

As far as the quality, the salmon wasn't the best quality but certainly no the worst. The potato cakes were fantastic and the carrots were perfectly steamed.

Taste wise the salmon itself was great, the sauce was horrible (and the dish does not need it). The potato/broccoli things were fantastic and while the carrots were perfectly cooked they needed some salt. 

On a side note, I did like the Lingonberry drink when I mixed it with sprite!
I've eaten at the IKEA cafe twice now. The first time was average. I had the Chicken and Penne pasta. The meal was decent, but nothing great.

Recently during another outing, I went with the chicken tenders and fries. The tenders were really good and enjoyed the fries. Next time I eat here, I have a good idea what I'm going to eat. I still need to get the Swedish Meatballs at some point.

The mac and cheese as a side is decent. It's not Lo Lo's!

A primary concern eating here is the person getting your food doesn't understand English well or speaks English well. While ordering my tenders and fries, she started to serve me another menu item. Luckily another lady understood and corrected the problem. I had a similar issue with the same lady when I ordered the chicken and pasta in an earlier visit to know this wasn't a one off issue.

There is also a snack bar near the check out area with hog dogs and other snacks. The allure of cinnamon rolls is hard to resit.
What more can you say about a breakfast that is $1.99?  Well it was decent, hit the spot but was not gourmet by any means!  The eggs tasted like they were powdered eggs but the french toast sticks are pretty good!

If you are driving 10-15 miles to come visit ikea then you should check out the restaurant and make a day of it.  I think the lunch would be better because it seems like they have more of a selection than they do at breakfast!
Feeling a little silly raving about the food in a cafeteria for a furniture store - but it's true! - The food is very good, and the prices are probably cheaper than the average (subsidized) school lunch program.    Vanity stops me from going to Ikea just to have a great breakfast or lunch (for like $3-4) so sometimes we make up an excuse to browse at Ikea, just so we can combine it with lunch.    The food (in the cafe) is fresh cooked - like healthy grilled salmon, or from simple chicken dishes to swedish meatballs etc ... I hesitate to say "considering the price, the food is great"  because it makes it seem like it's about a cheap meal.  No ... Think of the food in the Ikea Cafeteria like their furniture:   Quality, stylish, sometimes exotic, always unique, at a great price  (and you have to assemble it yourself ; )
Great prices. Convenient if you're planning a long afternoon browsing their showroom (it takes 2-3hrs to see it all). Sometimes I browse, then eat/sit/consider, and go down to the marketplace afterwards.

My husand and I both love the meatballs and the potato/broccoli cakes. We buy them in the Swedish Food Market to make at home as well. 

I also love the cold salmon/greens salad with the sweet mustard sauce on the side. 

The chocolate cake is light and dee-lish, if you have room.
Weirdest experience ever. Long story short, never been to an Ikea, visiting the family in AZ. Stopped here first for dinner before the shopping excursion.

I think it was weird but in a good way as it seemed like a futuristic type cafeteria. Maybe I am super nieve but I felt like I belonged in a weird sci-fi movie. Okay lol not quite. But it seemed this is what life would be like cafeteria style, I dunno. I guess I'm the weird one.

Anyoo, we had a group of 7, everyone had the meatballs I had the crepes and mac n cheese. Definately cafeteria quality although you can buy the meatballs frozen downstairs. 

I guess what was weird are those tray cart things, super convenient but so foreign to me lol. Cleaning up after yourself is kinda strange, putting trays in a shelf thing and then throwing away specific items. This is the future! Bottles, plastic, landfill. etc.

HAHA whatever. Since I am back in town, I am going to the one in Palo Alto, I couldn't purchase shelves and bring them back on the plane with me, but will look forward to eating here again as I believe its a must for your Ikea experience.
Decent quality food at very reasonable prices.  The desserts are the best items to get here, especially the apple cake.  It's moist, filled with a lot of apples, and not overly sweet.  They offer the obligatory Swedish meatballs with lingonberry, as well as items like salmon, pasta, chicken, and various sandwiches.  Drinks are unlimited since there is a free-range soda fountain.  They occasionally have special holiday dinners to celebrate various Swedish holidays (The past few times I went for their holiday dinner it was $9.99 per person).  These dinners are great, as they come with a lot of tasty Swedish foods you might not have tried before.
Yes, it is weird to get a plate of meatballs and gravy with  lingonberries and mashed potatoes in a furniture store. But if it's wrong I don't want to be right! Tasty and super cheap you could draw some comparisons to all the other bits of merchandise carried by IKEA, but I'll let you be the judge.

Only once was I awake early enough to get their breakfast, and it was pretty good and only 99 cents!

Other highlights: apple cake :) the hot dogs and cinnamon buns aren't too bad downstairs, either.
Been here a couple of times nice and the food not bad; especially on a Monday when it is free!
Free breakfast in the morning.  What's not to like except maybe the portion size.
Even after a brief stint working here, I still love the meatballs. The cafe menu is expanding and remains fresh and affordable.

I love IKEA.  I read the catalog for fun.  I make a point to stop at the cafeteria when I'm in the store.  After walking the 5 miles of hamster trails through the place, I need some food.  The menu is limited: meatballs, a wrap, a shrimp salad thing, smoked salmon, a fish dish, chicken fingers and fries for the kids.  The prices are reasonable (5 bucks for 15 meatballs, mashed potatoes and gravy) and the portions are good.  The food is like the furniture; simple, straightforward and easy to assemble.  What you see is really what you get.  I've never had a bad meal here, but my expectations are also moderated.  Gourmet this is not.  But it sure hits the spot when your blood sugar is somewhere in housewares and you're still trying to figure out the dimensions you need for that new entertainment unit.
OK, the place has a limited menu but the prices are great and who doesnt love a platter of sweedish meatballs.  If your store purchase adds up to $100 or more your meal is free.  The desserts are especially yummy.  You can tell they aren't made locally however.
I think the meatballs is overrated.  Cheap food but meh, mediocre in taste.  You can't go wrong with their longen (spelling?) drink though and their choco cake was deeee-lish.  We'd probably come to eat here again as a snack, not a meal.
Yesterday Mr. C and I rode our bikes over to the Ikea.  We misread the website and didn't realize we were there an hour before the store opens. Luckily, we saw a sign that the cafeteria opens at 9am on Saturday, so we decided to check it out.

Mr. C ordered the "Big" breakfast which was a typical plate that included  eggs, french toast, potatoes, and bacon.  I ordered the Swedish  pancakes and lingonberry sauce.  Our bill was less than $10, and with free coffee before 10am, I think it's worth it.  

We'll be attending breakfast again.  Yum.
What other restaurant offers gourmet coffee for FREE & a HOT BREAKFAST FOR 99¢??     :-)

The main store opens at 10, but the restaurant at 8 AM.  I stopped in here a little before 10 the other morning & enjoyed this breafast, consisting of scrambled eggs, home style potatoes, bacon, plus all you want of their delicious coffee (free with or without buying breakfast at this time of day).  What a treat for the price!
 
Want more?  The 99¢ breakfast is FREE too on Mondays, & the COFFEE is FREE every day at ANY TIME OF DAY with your (also free) membership in their "IKEA Family" club.

Hungry again for a snack after your shopping?  Grab a tasty hot dog for 50¢ (!) or buy one of their tasty soft yogurt cones downstairs & get another one for FREE with your new IKEA Family Membership!  

IKEA rules!     :-))
Love that they were offering free meals to teachers this summer on Tuesdays-Wednesday-Thursday.

Love that kids eat free on Tuesday.

Me and three kids ate free.  LOVE!

Food is just okay.  I am not a fan of cafeteria style dining.  I got a greek salad but ended up giving it to my husband because I was to full after my vegetarian cheddar broccoli soup.  Two thumbs up!  The roll with butter was good also.  So was the ligionberry juice.

Kids had mac & cheese and mashed potatoes with gravy and meatballs.  They were happy.
I've eaten at the Ikea cafeteria several times, and while the food won't blow your mind, they have a good selection of hot buffet items (including the coveted Swedish meatballs with creamy gravy) as well as cold sandwich and salad plates. Another nice touch is that you can always find something with salmon in it. And although I'm not a sweet drink fan (I'm always searching for extra diet soda options), whenever I'm at the soda fountain here I help myself to an icy glass of lingonberry juice drink. Hey when in Sweden... er, Ikea, do as the other random shoppers do... or something to that effect.

What I do want to mention that may be overlooked in other reviews of the Ikea cafeteria, is that they periodically have special dining events. I discovered on the Ikea website that they announce an all-you-can-eat Swedish Crayfish Party. Unfortunately, you cannot buy the tickets on-line, so you have to show up in person at the Ikea cafeteria. My delinquency in getting myself over there in the past stymied my chance at checking this event out years ago. This time I was determined to get my crack at some tasty mudbugs (having lived in Louisiana for seven years, I am a bit obsessed with getting my seasonal crawfish fix). I bought my tickets about a week in advance, and the second seating (6 - 8 p.m.) was already sold out. I settled on the first seating from 3 - 5 p.m. Note that this event takes place during a weekday, so not everybody has an accommodating work schedule for the early seating.

The Crayfish Buffet was quite impressive! The crawfish are served cold and aren't cayenne pepper spicy, like Cajun style. Rather, they have a distinctive dill seasoning that is interesting nonetheless. The rest of the buffet includes a mess of food including Swedish meatballs, pickeled herring, smoked salmon, salt-cured lox, cold salads, potatoes (boiled and mashed), cheese and crispbread, shrimp cocktail, and a great dessert selection of rhubarb tarts, elderflower cupcakes and cookies! You will not go home hungry after sampling everything.

The food service personnel were super friendly and helpful. The entire cafeteria area was closed to regular shoppers and reserved for the big party. The entire place was decked out with crayfish-themed decorations including bibs and party hats! We made new friends while waiting in line and dined and chatted the entire time. If you are a crawfish fan, or just an avid food explorer who wants to sample a little bit of Sweden, keep your eyes peeled for these occasional funky events at the Ikea cafeteria. What a blast!
I have to 4-star this joint.

Tuesdays through December are free kids meals, no purchase necessary, just show the brat and you get the meal.
Here are the options;
Mac-n-cheese w/ vegetables and juice (excellent mac-n-chs)
Chicken strips, fries and milk (2 huge tasty strips)
Meatballs w/ mashed potatoes & fountain soda (never tried them, meatballs are beef and pork, we don't eat pork)
Organic pasta w/ tomato sauce, stoneyfields yogurt, sliced apples and juice (very good)

You can change the sides of fries to vegetables or vice versa.
Show your member card and get free coffee (member cards can be picked up at the kiosk outside the cafe, very quick and easy).
My husband and I love an afternoon wasted at Ikea, and we always stop for lunch at their cafe. Today Shane and I were ravished so we picked up a little of everything and shared. 

First, sweetish meatballs. Always a favorite. Though they have introduced some kind of lingonberry "pump" which dispenses the lingonberries which leads to it being more runny juice than an actual "relish" or "chutney". They've also drastically cut down the mashed potato portion, which it was still lovely. 

The side of Mac and Cheese. There is something so comfortable about their Mac...  Which can only be described as hospital gourmet. I know that sounds awful but it really isn't. I love it. I always want to take some home but it never makes it. 

The buffalo chicken wrap. This is my husband favorite dish. I'm not a huge fan so he ate most of this dish. They are served cold and hubs said something was off today. No foul since we ordered too much anyways. 

The caprese salad.  I don't know if this is new or if I have missed it before but it was just delightful. The tomatoes were fresh and crisp, the mozzarella tasted pretty fresh, the basil was green and inviting. The amount of balsamic vinegar was just perfect. 

We also got a piece of chocolate cake which was too rich to finish. Maybe more cake and less mouse? 

But here is the most exceptional part of our day, a young lady by the name of Anastasia. As I was checking out she let me know there was a deal going on, if I got back and get MORE food I'd save 2 dollar. Now we certainly didn't need more food but she voluntarily saved us money.  We took the chips home and passed on the soup.  

I don't know I'd Miss Anastasia is ever on yelp but its small things you so that made you so exceptional. Continue to be a positive ray of sunshine in a usually thankless job!!
The $1.25 breakfast seemed appealing to my husband and he wanted to try it. I saw these cute looking Swedish desserts made with marzipan so I was curious about them so I picked one up. It is a cafeteria and you go threw a line just like you did at school. I didn't try any of the breakfast plate but to my eye the eggs seemed to have been cooked in a large batch in a steamer. The turkey sausage and potatoes didn't appear to be a fresh kind and had that certain frozen look to them like what you can find in your grocers freezer. You can see in my photo they look very processed.

I go to try the little cake and have a taste of the frosting. Wow! it was terribly sweet and have a texture that was like liquid rubber with an awful after taste. So I peal some off and go for the inside. The cake tasted like something processed and a chemical fake raspberry taste was above it. I fear it had it had castoreum in it. If you don't know what castoreum is you possibly don't want to know what it is but you HAVE eaten some if you ever ate a Cadbury Cream Egg.

A few things did look better than the breakfast like the tomato and cheese salad and the gravlax plates. 

If you are a fan of the meatballs you can buy them in the store in the frozen section.

I think most people have had food outside the box and have had better.

1.5 Stars
We ordered a slice of pizza and drink combo for about 3.50 after tax. Yummy! I got the lingonberry drink which was delish.  They also have a Swedish grocery market! 

We came for furniture and ended up furnishing our place, eating lunch and grocery shopping at ikea. If that's not the epitome of corporate up selling, what is?  :)
Wasn't impressed at all with the quality of the food. I've been here before and had a pleasant experience but the most recent experience was not a good one. The food quality was different and not in a good way!
Their swedish/American breakfast is only 2.99.  Why so cheap, well I thnk they use powdered eggs to make scrambled eggs and ground pork/turkey and form them in a press to look like sausages. For $1.29 you can get a side of 4 sausages. The diced potatoes were taken out of the deep fat fryer 18 seconds before it was done mainly because they couldn't keep up with the demand. 
The best thing out of the whole breakfast was the swedish pancakes but they were were cold, stiff and dry. The jam is a must if you want to enjoy them.
The cinnamon roll was also dry maybe because they were sitting out under the lights.
The Loginberrry drink was a little watered down, but the flavor was still noticeable.
Even though I'm complaining, where else can you get a breakfast for two under $10.
Yum! Meatballs and mashed potatoes! It was pretty savory and so cheap! Look out for deals and specials. On my receipt, they are doing an all you can eat buffet during special times. 

Also, free coffee with the ikea family card. 

We were also on the hunt for some ice cream. Soft serve is downstairs!
Pearce's is a fantastic, vibrant, friendly cafe / pub / restaurant 5 minutes walk from Waverley steps (if you have long legs like me).
It would probably consider itself a pub first and a cafe / eatery second, but the standard of food served here is honestly better than most of the restaurants I have visited in the city. Top-class stuff.
During the day there is a section at the rear of the bar dedicated to customers with young children, something I hadnt seen before and thought I would hate, but it actually creates a really friendly, cheerful atmosphere in the bar.  
There are often events like art auctions and baking competitions held here, which although twee sounding, help add a unique flavour to the place and really help Pearce's stand out from the crowd.
Great for a drink or a bite to eat on a sunny afternoon, as well as a relaxing pub to unwind in during the evening.
This pub is definitely owned by people who are integrated into their community and understand what their customers, many of whom are students, want.  As soon as you walk in it feel clean and well organised, and on the walls there are plenty of adverts for events including charity auctions and and a weekly jog on Tuesdays at 7pm to a place called Sofi's and back again.  I'm not entirely sure why they do this, but it apparantly attracts quite a crowd.
Apart from this, the drinks are well priced and the service is friendly and effective.  The food is proper gastropub stuff with posh poached eggs on ciabatta toast and a wide selection of crepes.  I had a smoked salmon sandwich with salad which cost £5.  This seems a lot, but it was a good portion which provided a filling meal in itself.  
Joseph Pearce does excellent business and you only have to visit once to understand why.
This place is most certainly a shining example of a pub giving its customers (mostly students and young professionals) what they want. If you could imagine a pub that knows its clientel, and aims to keep them - its Joseph Pearce.

The food is splendid, and while may seem over priced, it is actually good value for money - not only does it taste great, there are some whopping portions as well. The decor is relaxed and stylish, while the staff are friendly and welcoming. Drinks are a tad on the expensivce side, but there is a large selection and you always get the good stuff when you ask for a spirit and mixer.

I like this place a lot, but I guess thats exactly what Joseph Pearce is trying to make me feel.
Long live the swedes!

That's the general vibe of this restaurant/bar, which was bought over by a Swedish couple a few years ago. Having lived in Sweden for two years, I noticed the sign outside advertising Swedish cider. Many restaurants offer that these days, but once you step in you can't miss the large Swedish flag and paraphernalia on the walls.

The menu is a clever mix of Swedish pancakes, cured salmon and a smorgasbord, and some more general European dishes such as Barcelona salad and tiger prawns with gazpacho! 

Jonathan Pearce is quite large, and the rooms near the rear are very nicely decorated. They hold several theme events throughout the year and my friend and I are anxious to go to an all day barbecue there this weekend!
So I guess this place is SWEDISH?  Had no idea until I tried ordering the bratwurst...

"Uh, that comes on a bun, right?"

"A what?"

"A bun.  You know... BREAD?"

"Oh... no.  It comes on a salad."

"Then I'll have the hamburger; with cheese. That comes on a bun, right?"

"It comes on a salad.  This is a Swedish restaurant."

"Of course... I'll have the JP Smorgasbord."

Good choice.  The variety plate was chock full of tastiness, and the Gravad Lax salad Joe ordered was out of this world.  Not the cheapest lunch I've enjoyed here in Edinburgh, but a light and delicious meal shared with friends on the outdoor patio under the shiniest sun we've seen in this side of the Atlantic.  Very friendly service to boot!
I came in here for a coffee, and something to eat, having infrequently enjoyed some of the company's other efforts: Sofi's and Bar Boda.


 The space feels lovely and airy upon entering, with nice relaxing music on the stereo. Fantastically individual atmosphere with birdcages hanging from the ceiling and interesting artwork adorning the walls. Staff seem friendly enough, if a bit impersonal; I ordered my black coffee at the bar, was given a menu (bound in a hardback copy of Disney's Beauty & the Beast no-less), and took my seat.


 Coffee is from Artisan Roast on Broughton St, so I wasn't surprised to taste a superbly balanced cup. Marvellous.


 I ordered the burger to eat. Extras such as cheese and bacon are available on the menu from £0.50 to £1, but I ordered it 'as it comes'. No mention of accompanying fries or potato wedges is made on the menu so I held my breath. I thought "Surely for £8, I'll get fries AND a cherry on top!".


 I got out my laptop to do some work while I waited. The free wifi worked for a few minutes before chucking me off and ceasing to function.


 My burger arrived accompanied by small, but lovely, rocket, tomato and olive salad. Fresh leaves and nicely dressed.


 Besides the salad, there was nothing else on the plate apart from a hearty looking bun containing a burger, and a few wilting leaves.


 No fries, no onion, no cherry on top!


 "Oh well", I thought, "the burger must taste excellent, surely, with an £8 price tag!". To my disgust, the first bite revealed a barely cooked chunk of mincemeat.


 Now I love my burger on the pink side, but this was a step too far.


 At the second time of asking, my burger arrived and I ate, but it felt overcooked and tough this time. Perhaps finished in the microwave, to ensure no more raw meat mishaps? Who knows.


 When I finished eating, I sat in front of the empty plate for fifteen minutes before I left. Surely 'good service' stops when your guests leave your establishment, not when you've just messed up their order and they're sitting at one of your tables!


 I've eaten many vastly superior burgers in my days and paid less for the pleasure. The cheaper burgers all came with fries too!


 Still waiting for a cherry on top though.


 I probably wouldn't go back to this bar, certainly not to eat anyway. All in all, a crushing disappointment. Especially on a quiet Thursday afternoon.


 High point - fantastic coffee from Artisan roast, tasty rocket with the burger.


 Low point - leaving the place with that same bitter taste in the mouth you get when you've been mugged in broad daylight in a dodgy bar.
I've been here a few times and each time I walk away going "meh"

I think maybe I'm not hip enough to properly enjoy this place because there really isn't anything wrong with it, but I have never felt like there is anything quite good about it either.

They have a reasonable selection of beer and make cocktails (which I've not tried) as well.  Apparently their food is quite nice and it certainly did smell that way when I was in on Saturday.  It was busy and had a very interesting selection of people ranging from hipsters to middle aged and old folk.  

But when I go there I don't want to sit around and stay awhile.  I don't feel like it's the kind of place where I can spend hours chatting and people watching.  I think maybe it's the decor?  It's a bit bland, a bit uninspired but trying to be cool - you know, old tables and chairs which aren't old in a nice way, but in a bit of a "found on the street corner" kind of way.  The menus are also strapped into old kids books, which are also a bit manky.  

I know this place is a favourite of a lot of people, it's just not the place for me.
good bar if you can get it at an off time, which is rare these days. the food is amazing, and definitely worth checking out, but the clientele is mixed...and during the day, it can be full of children, which isn't my bag. 

i used to drink here before it was joseph pearce's, and although i'm sure the food wasn't as good, and it definitely wasn't so quirkily charming, i think i might have preferred it! i do like old man bars though, a lot.
It actually pains me a little to give Joseph Pearce an 'A-OK' review. I wanted to like it so badly, and I did in a lot of ways. But there was one major detracting factor that meant I couldn't in all honesty give it a 'woo-hoo!' or 'yey!'

Let's do the whole compliment sanwich though shall we? First up, the good stuff. It's got outdoor seating aplenty, which on a lovely summer's evening like the one just passed meant it was chocca with folk enjoying a wee drink and bar snacks. There's also plenty space inside. It kind of goes on and on. Nice big bar, big tall ceilings, lots of cute little sofas, tables, mismatched furniture. I really like the space.

There's cool art work hanging on the walls, for sale. They're also a real community bar (linked to their other two sister pubs, Victoria's and Sofi's) with a jogging group, games night, and often allowing groups to use the space like the Edinburgh BlogTogether and knitting group.

The staff are all friendly, lovely and really welcoming. The crowd are super cool. The music is awesome too. We were there on a Sunday night and every Sunday they have a different DJ on decks - pretty darned funky guys.

The food....now, how did you all guess this is what I take more seriously and perhaps where the few stars were lost? The food menu isn't hugely extensive. It's a Swedish restaurant and the menu reflects that without being too alien to British palates. I've heard the brunch is ace on a stick.

The mains are things like meatballs, jamaican chicken, cheese board, steak sandwich, a few salads, soup of the day etc. The boy had the mushroom soup of the day and the meatballs. Both of which were great! Like, really really good (hence why the 3 stars pains me). The soup was so creamy and also thick with mushrooms. The meatballs were meaty, flavourful and a really, really generous portion. I'd say about 7 meatballs in total, with potatoes.

So where, then, did it all go wrong? My duck salad. I asked the waitress if it were a starter or main size. I was hungry, I wanted a lot of meat and I was torn between the jamaican chicken and the duck salad. I was told it was a 'main portion' size. Well, comparing my duck salad to the boy's meatballs side-by-side, both of which cost around £8 - £9 I would have to disagree. 

6 very thin small slices of duck breast atop a medium sized portion of lettuce with some creamy potato thing underneath. Honestly, there was probably two mouthfuls of duck on my plate. To say I was disappointed is an understatement. I ate it all and felt like I hadn't even made a start. And I was told this was a main portion. Again, compared to the boys meatballs, which were also a main and were a huge portion which he couldn't actually finish, I just don't get it.

After a glass of red and one and a half meatballs snaffed from the boys plate I felt ok. And the wee mini-Dime bars that came with the bill helped (I'm easily won over with chocolate). I think this is a case of you live you learn, and if I return to Joseph Pearce's I'll know to order the metballs or chicken rather than one of the salads if I want to be filled up. It's just a shame. Had I perhaps ordered the chicken, and received a whole main portion of chicken (a breast perhaps?) and enjoyed it and felt full for my £8, I may well have given this place 5 stars not only 4. 

And this isn't a case of me complaining for its own sake. When the waitress took my dish away and asked how it was, I told her honestly "Well to be honest the portion size was a lot smaller than I expected but I had a few meatballs so I'm ok." All said with a smile. Had the salad been labelled as a starter I wouldn't have been as disappointed.

Gosh I am bitter about this aren't I?! That's a hefty review. Basically, I like this bar, it has a good vibe to it and some things on the menu are great. In terms of stopping by for drinks alone I can easily see myself doing that...I just won't be ordering that darned duck salad again!
So I came back. And I like it a lot.

In my previous review I was disappointed that I could only give J.P. 3 stars due to a measly portion of duck in my duck salad. And that still stands. But upon returning, I purposely tried something different and boy I was impressed.

I had the Jamaican Chicken, with bombay potatoes. I was actually dining with a genuine Swede who told me it's a joke that Swedish portions are quite small. And this certainly wasn't overflowing on my plate. But you nkow what? It was enough and I think it's symptomatic of bad dining out culture that we expect enough food to make us uncomfortably full. Unlike my duck salad, I had a full chicken breast, and a medium size serving of potatoes.

And boy, that chicken was goooood. And the potatoes. Num. All of it. It was the perfect portion, full of flavour, and just great. Three boys in our company ordered the steak and cheese sandwich. If you can call it a sandwich. It was so overflowing with chunks of steak, onions and gooey cheese that it wasn't really able to be picked up. But forks and knives at the ready, it was demolished.

I really like the vibe in J.P. I like the kids-books-disguised-menus. I like the DJs. I like the staff. I like a lot about it. I can now see myself becoming a regular. It's got such a great community feel, and when there I noticed them advertising their crayfish parties and a BBQ. Seems they like to play host to a cool crowd of people.

So far I'm still hesitant about the menu and will continue to avoid the salads in case of tiny portions, but everything else is spot on.
I really like this pub, although I immediately feel the need to qualify that statement. It has its detractors, and their criticisms are valid, but like any successful brand, its smugness is the price you have to pay for the quality of the product. So I guess that makes JP's the iPod of pubs.

First, the good. It's big, nicely decorated, has a variety of seating, from couches to tables, and they have a variety of international beer. Only one real ale on handpull though, which is a bit of a travesty in Edinburgh, but they have some in bottles. Most Edinburghers will be familiar with this Swedish theme shtick (they also own Victoria's, Boda Bar and Sofi's), but what can I say, it works.

Then the bad. It's ridiculously overpriced. At £4.40 a pint, it must be the most expensive pint in Edinburgh (for a pub), making London look reasonably priced. I really can't believe I would pay that much for a pint, but when you're on Leith Walk and looking for a good pub, or a handy meeting place, or you want to park your fixed wheel bike, sink into a couch and whip out your MacBook, then this is the place. Hang on, didn't I just say I liked it here?

Another downside is the noise. There's something about the acoustics there that makes it really hard to hear what people are saying. Or maybe that's just my age. What?!

They also do food. I've never eaten there, but I've heard it's good. During the day it's a yummy mummy hangout, with a play area and light lunches. One of their quirks is to put the menus in old Disney comics. I was a bit embarrassed once when a waitress asked if I was ready to order but I wasn't looking at the menu; I was reading the Donald Duck comic!

So yes, it's smug, expensive and tends to be frequented by 30-something middle class people. But it's big, beautiful and central. I think a few years ago I would have said it was too posh and up itself. But now I'm a sad 30-something and I like it. Hey, it has wifi and Birra Morretti on tap. Now where's my iPod?
Ah, Joseph Pearce. I love this place. I'd quite happily move in. And as anyone watching my check ins would notice, I kind of already have...

I don't think I ever went before its Swedish reincarnation - I gather it was a bit of a rough old place. That's hard to imagine now, with its lovely high ceilings and nooks and crannies. There's lots of shabby couches and quirky fittings, and it just feels a really comfortable place to be. 

There are little cosy corners around the entrance/ bar area, and then a more open mezzanine above. There's a child friendly area down the back, too. I don't know how you'd get a pushchair up there - the stairs are steep and narrow - but there's a few toys and things to keep children amused. 

It does tend to be where I go with girlfriends, in small groups - I think a big group would find it hard to get comfortably seated together, and it can be noisy. The beer selection's not the greatest either. So, hey, we're forced into getting a nice bottle of wine instead.

And the food! I almost forgot - the food is fantastic. You find the menu hidden in a Disney book on each table, and there's always a good range of interesting salads, hot sandwiches, and swedish meatballs. One eccentric touch is their refusal to serve chips, because 'Scottish people eat too many chips'. Hmm, ok - but then they serve Hasselback potatoes: roasted potatoes covered in cheese. I'm not entirely convinced that's a step up nutritionally - but they taste good, so I'm happy.
I only took a visit here for drinks so I shall be basing my review on that. I have always wanted to go here and when I arrived in all honesty, I was not quite sure what to make of the place. It was pretty busy and I was huddled by the door, and not too happy about it! But we did manage to get a table! And I managed to nab myself a wee rocking seat in the corner..... old age, here I come!

The drinks selection here is good but it is a little on the Pricey side. I bought an elderflower cider ( which was lovely and would recommend, much better tha the Kopparberg version I have had) and a pint of Stella, or something like that. I got little to no change from a tenner. The surroundings are great, comfortable, quirky and cosy. The menu sounds tasty and I would come back to sample something! The mix of people was a little odd, but other than I enjoyed my drinks here and would come back but I wouldn't spend a whole evening here, I couldn't afford it!
A popular post-work drinking spot, Pearce's, part of the Boda, Victoria, Sofi's chain of Scandinavian places, is always enjoyable. The stylings are relaxed, and the food is tasty.

Overall, we said: "Pearce's does a really nice line in upscale pub grub, with their menu covering your needs from snacking to full meals with equal elegance. It's quirky, airy surroundings, full of arty character make it a really nice venue to sit and have a relaxing meal. We'll be back, no doubt, and would recommend you consider paying it a visit, too."
Joseph Pearce is one of a small Edinburgh chain of pubs and the lack of free tables is a testament to its popularity. So far I've only been to JP's for drinks and have been fortunate enough to be there when it is warm enough to sit outside (although if you feel a chill there are some warm blankets for you). There is an OK selection of beers on pump and some particularly nice bottled beers such as Black Isle.

This is a good pub to meet up with someone for a chat and a pint.
Want a decent pint in a trendy bar with like minded people?  Joseph Pearce is the place to be.  

This funky bar has something for everyone - children's area for families during the day, tasty cakes and a great selection of beers.  

JP's is a great spot whether it be enjoying a cider whilst soaking up some rays in their small outside seating area during the day or having a good old natter with mates at night.  

Great location too on Elm Row so easily accessible for heading into town afterwards, on the way home from work and there are lots of restaurants within a stones throw.  

A bit pricey but definitely worth it!!!
MEATBALLS. ARE. AWESOME. (decent portion size too - Jenny L :P)

In fact so awesome that they tempted one of our dining group who had eaten dinner beforehand and went in for seconds.

Where as I would not *normally* go for potato salad and (normal) salad with my meatballs, J.P. did and it works well. Other meals on the table included an aubergine steak and a chicken-with-chorizo dish (which actually looked small compared to the other mains served). Of note is that even though we had a dinner reservation time of around 7pm, many of the mains (three out of the six or so on offer) had already sold out - annoying to say the least..

Service was OK, a little hit and miss. One waiter was awesome, the other one disappeared at random and we ended up having to go down to the bar to order drinks back up to our table.

No kids-books-disguised menus during our visit, just (not enough) drink menus.. had to track one down on many an occasion :|

But, all in all, good food ... service _could_ have been better, but it's a pub, so...
Why it took me so long to write about JP I don't know. To me this bar shines in all seasons. But to me the Summer and Winter stand out. 
Summer - they have a suntrap terras, and the occaisional BBQ! 
In Winter they have a cozy setting inside and many 'wintery specials' : mulled wine, warm pear thingy and christmas menu. Yes this is mostly a Bar but the food is superb - thoug portion size is a little under generous. 
I like the fact that I can go here with my friends and play games - we had scrabble and cranium and this worked brilliant  On Friday's and Saturday's it is busy and quite loud. But no too much so you cannot hear eachother or have to resort to sign language to order a drink. 

We normally meet up with people here with the intention to eventually go to other bars and that hardly happens - (if it does happen we go to Victoria or Boda) 

The Wifi is Free and so is the atmosphere - you feel relaxed and comfertable to do what ever you feel like doing. 

My best memory was the Zombie  Walk & Horror Night (2010) and we met so many people who frequent here very often and we had a brilliant night walking through the Leith walk area visiting the other "Boda Group" Bars.

What is also a pleasant feauture from what I've seen is that during the day they have coffee mornings for mums and dads that have little kids but still like to go out for a change. 

This place has a lot of fans from many different corners in Edinburgh - may it long continue!
Great vibe. Always busy.  
Rating as 4-star because drinks are pricey.
Any one who knows me knows I spend a lot of time here. It's great for meals, the JP's Steak brunch being a favourite. And the beers are Quality. No Tenents or Carling to be seen, no Barcardi, no Grants nor Smirnoff. Imagine all the negatives that come with those beers and Liquors now imagine you're favourite bar without them,,, Welcome to JP's. it is an expensive bar, but it is nicely done. 


Oh and by the way if you don't agree with me, I don't think you'll fit in, that's cool, see you at the Windsor when JP's closes at 12 (weekdays)!
Ok, having spent a few hours here on Friday night I thought it deserved an upgrade.

I think that my previous negative impression was partially due to *when* I visited - on a weekend afternoon when the place was pretty dead.

My Friday night excursion was much more enjoyable - albeit cold enough that we had to keep our jackets on.

The atmosphere was good, it was busy without being too full or making the queues at the bar too long.  The bottled beer selection was varied and it even had the Williams' Cesar Augustus that I was going on about in another review.  That stuff is so tasty it unfortunately distracted me from trying to Swedish elderflower cider that  was being served in really cool looking bottles.  

The beers on tap were much less varied which was a shame as it does feel somewhat strange to pay through the nose for a bottle of beer in a bar when you can walk to the off license up the road for the same bottle at a fraction of the price.  

We even tried the meatballs with horseradish sauce - juicy and tasty, though the sauce wasn't spicy at all! 

All in all a much better experience than I'd had before - next time a friend suggests meeting here,  I won't moan at the thought!
JPs, part of the Edinburgh Swedish bar empire!  Other bars include Victoria, Sofis and Boda (all in Leith) plus the newest member, Hemma, off the Cowgate.

Exciting, trendy bar with beautiful decor. Floral, oriental-looking pillars, birdcages hanging from the ceiling, nice relaxing music on the stereo, free wifi, bright coloured cushions / sofas and interesting artwork for sale on the walls.

By day the pub is geared towards families, with a child area located on a raised platform to the left of the bar, which is filled with child's toys and places for them to draw.  And by night the bar is transformed into a funky social drinking night spot with dim lighting and groovy tunes. Serving their famous Iduns Swedish ciders and speciality spirits and beers. It has a laidback atmosphere and the staff are nice but maybe a bit impersonal at times?

There is always events on as well and they have a real community atmosphere much like their other bars. And the best bit... they give bright green blankets for when you sit outside.
I'm giving Joseph Pearce's 4 stars based on the cool vibe, atmosphere, live music and selection of booze. I haven't eaten here.... Yet! I do like this place. I sometimes forget about it's existence when put under pressure to think of a good place to meet friends for drinks but its firmly back on my radar now. I just wish I lived closer so it could be my local!
In here at the weekend for the first time in a few years. Rammed so it was, which meant manouvering past the bar was a tad tricky. Only in to meet folk then move on so paid little attention to the wares on offer although apparently they have a lot of different gins. Getting in early seems to be the idea although the service wasn't too bad given the amount of punters but I bet the staff have to work like trojans.
Still going strong and I am now seeing that they made this bar a very valued member of the community. The terras is as sunny as ever , and if there is a chilling wind the colourful Ikea blankets are a great warmer and wind breaker. 

The bar is always busy, but many of them are familiar faces - they truly live up to the moniker 'local'. The prices have increased since last year, but so have those over many other establishements.

The beers served are global brand and local brew side by side, so a Kronenburg 1664 and a Blue Moon is perfectly possible. 

They also have their own Swedish ciders called Iduns and this is a joy to drink over ice when catching some sunshine. 

This is to me a friendly neighbourhood pub & restaurant with some international allure.
It is a Friday night in Auld Reekie, Sun is shining, working week is over, you hop on a train at Edinburgh Park and are in a grown ups Disneyland of Bar Options before the Waverley Clock hits ten past.  So where do you go?

Being YF&S (well Y'ish' anyway), balmy nights like this would naturally lead me to George Street but I wandered down past The Omni and remembered a long lost love that didnt have a flat on Albert Street and a cat that hated me. This forgotten gem was of course a bar called 'Joseph Pearce'.

It had been 2009 since we last met and 'Joseph' had gone all 'Sven' since then.  The essentials remain the same though, cracking location especially on a night like this, a 'cool without trying too hard' interior and staff who are on the ball without being in your face.  Perfecto.

I ordered a bottle of House White which was Spanish, under £13 and perfectly quafable.  Ice Bucket in hand, I settled onto a Stool by the window to wait for my hastily texted friend and watched the party unfold in the outside seating area.  It is such a lovely space to do this, as airy and laid back a bar as you could ever want to visit with a clientele so mixed and interesting you should be barred if you dare web browse your smart phone rather than wonder what their stories are?

So why only three stars? Well, two reasons for losing two stars. Firstly the Gents Toilets are Grim with a capital Grim.  I appreciate that it is a limited and rather restricted space but it is just not good and a broken cubicle lock when there is only one anyway = fail. 

Secondly the food just didnt rock my boat at all.  To accompany the second bottle of vino we had a selection of 3 starters to pick at, Tigers Prawns, Hasselback Potatoes and the obligatory Meatballs.  The 'tatties' were the highlight simply because they were cooked properly and had nice garlic mayo. The meatballs were 'yeah whatever' no better or worse than any supermarket could knock out. The 'mint and cucumber yoghurt' however reminding me of something the aforementioned cat might regurgitate.  The texture was more 'cucumber and mint in milky water'...which, whilst being no 'chef', I suppose is bound to happen given the water content of cucumber?  The Tigers were 'fine' but I do object to getting mine 'Headed & Whole' and therefore having to perform the equivilant of a crustacean autopsy just to get a mouthful of prawn.

In conclusion, a winning place with friendly staff to meet friends for drinks or hang out alone and watch the world go by.  However if you want to avoid the loo, you might also want to avoid the food!
A truly wonder place and atmosphere. Unpretentious and genuine customers and staff. Staff help choose a beer. Lots of choice. Ooo and nice tequila.  Lovely food. Especially salads. Perfect actually. Also they let you sit with a coffee or tea. 

Love the higgledy piggley chairs. Because they don't match they match!  

Can't wait to go again. I'm pretty sure free wifi and fabby prices. 

Warm inside too!!

Definitely have free wifi and even dog friendly. So pleased. I love dogs!!!
What can I say, as every other pub run by the Swedish owner Jo Pearce delivers great service, live music, interesting wall art and relaxing deco. There is that hard to describe feel about all his bars that makes you instantly feel comfortable. Whether it's a date, after work catch up with friends or a night out you won't be disappointed choosing Jo Pearce. Their beers selection is pretty decent too. But be aware that this is a busy place and sometimes it's difficult to get a seat.
Peter's Yard is a bakery-cum-coffee shop on the edge of the Quartermile development. It bills itself as a Swedish artisan baker selling freshly baked bread, coffees, teas and a good selection of cakes and pastries. The shop/cafe is in a modern building (think glass and steel) and is very bright, airy and Scandinavian. There are a few tables and chairs to sit outside on, which for once, is actually quite a pleasant thing to do as the only traffic going past is skateboarders on their way to Bristo Square. The staff look like they've come to work straight from the set of an American Apparel advert and are uber friendly and helpful. So far, so lovely. Unfortunately all this Scandinavian goodness comes at a price, a Scandinavian price, so it is not a cheap place to stop for a bite to eat - justifiable on the odd occasion, but certainly not everyday.
Located on Middle Meadow walk, under the new glass towers built there, is this sophisticated Swedish bakery. Boasting a huge selection of yummy cakes sandwiches and food, this is not your average coffee shop. The prices are a bit high but I have to emphasize that this place boasts quality and you certainly get it. Its tall ceilings and walls made out of windows make it very bright and airy, with its interesting interior, where you can even watch the kitchen make the artisan bread. Also, there is a nice outdoor area for sunny days and smokers. Their food options so far have not disappointed me in the slightest and the service is pretty good too. 

 The table layout is a bit strange and on busy days, one is squeezed in quite close to strangers. The high ceilings although appealing if they have a live jazz session, increase the noise level. Also, being on a student budget with a taste for quality I do find the prices quite high (it's more like a place to treat myself) In addition, weekends tend to be extremely busy with lots of families and small children so this might not be the place to have a quite read and a coffee at those times.
Taking all of this into account, Peter's Yard is a breath of fresh air to your usual over-priced bagel and watery coffee- it offers yummy Swedish treats, artisan breads and spreads as well as good coffee, teas , interesting sandwiches and soup.
I'll keep it short as when we went there today, we found a table outside... in the sun... on a Saturday and we were deciding what we wanted for lunch from this reportedly great Swedish bakery.


 So we had our table, it was sunny, it was lunch time, we knew what we wanted and... they had no bread, on a Saturday, in a bakery, at lunch time = fail.


 Be yes, two stars, well it did look nice inside.
This place got loads of hype when it first opened 2 years ago, but I have to say that it's anything particularly special.

It's almost impossible to find a seat, for one thing, and when you do there's a good chance it'll be on the long table running down the middle of the place. Some people like sitting with random strangers making small-talk over their coffee, on a table that reminds you of the school canteen, but it's personally not my thing.

If you can get one of the other tables, then it's definitely worth the high prices. Their smoked salmon and crayfish open sandwich does cost almost £8 but it is so good you'll soon forget how much you paid for it after your first bite.

If you get sick of all the regular
Peter's Yard is a lovely little cafe in a brilliant location. You know it's going to be a classy cafe because of the black and white photos of bread and what not on the outside. Plus the interior is very mysterious and black, with slouchy leather sofas and low-set tables. You just know you wouldn't see any kappa trakka's or puffa's here.

It's within this that I have issue with.....it seems to attract a certain type of person. The type of person who sits in Peter's is either an intellect or a yah. Maybe both. 

The hot chocolate, which wasn't that great at all, cost me a whopping £4.20- yeh it comes with a little fudge slice but I don't like fudge. Jeesh.

Overall, although I was impressed with the layout and style of the cafe, I really wasn't impressed with the prices and the atmosphere. There is a lovely Starbucks just up the road which has a far calmer atmosphere and is a lot cheaper - and that's saying something.
This Swedish cafe is great for everything from catching up with friends to curling up on their couch and enjoying a good book while drinking any of their great open leaf tea's or hot chocolates. 

For breakfast go with their Cardamon bun, its out of this world. Open till 5pm I suggest their daily soups for lunch, Carrot and Coriander or Summer Vegetable are great. What might be even better than their soups and pastries are their on location baked bread. All in all you're missing out if you don't check this place out.
Set on the Quater Mile just off the Meadows, this little cafe just oozes class and style. The trouble is, once you get past the hype that has surrounded this place for quite some time now, you realise, Peters yard is actually just your standard cafe wearing some nice clothes and with an expensive price tag.

If you can manage to find a seat at all, either inside or out, you will then be surrounded by arsey interlectual types and Yah's - not a pleasent combination of people if all you want is a hot chocolate and a cookie to warm up with - which will cost you around £5 by the way.

This place could be great, but its price and its false class loose it stars.
Being a member of the Edinburgh University Scandinavian Society, this Swedish cafe has been the venue for a couple of our events, and it's definitely appropriate, even down to it's decor of minimalist scandinavian design.

I lived in Sweden for two years, so was increasingly surprised as I spotted one swedish speciality after another on the menu and at the counter! It's primarily a bakery, so all the delicious pastries and desserts I'd only found in Sweden were here, and in abundance as well; cinnamon buns and all sorts of muffins! They also sell a selection of sandwiches, and for those homesick Swedes, hand made crisp bread and jams imported from the land of the Vikings!

On the occasions I've been there for society get-togethers, there have been free for all waffles, served with ice cream, jam and cream... extremely messy but equally satisfying! And ofcourse a Swedish café wouldn't be complete without an endless supply of coffee; seeing as I'm not particularly a fan, I'll give it a pass and say I've definitely had worse. 

Peter's yard is just off George Square, so a student favourite, and with outdoor seating, it's a glorious place to be when the Scottish weather decides to be generous!
Peter's Yard has opened on the new up and coming Quartermile only fairly recently, but I don't know how I functioned before it. It is situated just around the corner from the University students playground George Square and is a short walk from the Meadows so it is in an ideal location for students to pop into for a coffee or lunch. 

Peter's Yard is a Swedish Bakery/ Cafe/ Coffee house and it serves the most tempting and mouth watering food. Their coffee's are in another league with the other coffee shops in the area and they offer a wide selection of different types and flavours. They open at 7am so it is a great place to stop in for a coffee and breakfast on your way to work as they a selection of breakfast options such as fruit salads, yogurt and granola. 

They also serve sandwiches for lunches which you can chose to eat in or takeaway and they are of excellent quality - served on freshly made bread with fresh ingredients - yum! I adore their blueberry pastries which I frequently have as my breakfast, and they are very well priced at about £1.70. 

Peter's Yard is more expensive on the whole than the other coffee shops in the area, but the quality of the food and drink is unbeatable. Wi-Fi is now available and there is seating both inside and outside the shop so it is a lovely place to bring your laptop and do some work while sitting outside on a lovely summers day.
Peter's Yard ticks all the right boxes for me:

Strong, freshly ground coffee.
Granola with yoghurt and honey.
Blueberry muffins and pastries. 
Bowls of fresh fruit.
Fresh OJ and smoothies.
Toast made from home-baked bread.
Even better toast with home-made jam.
Open sandwiches made with rye bread.
Open sandwiches made with sourdough.
Nutty and textured crisp bread with cottage cheese.
& Delicious cakes

The only grumble is the prices - which are more Covent Garden than Edinburgh. Luckily, two things compensate for the wallet rumbling. Firstly, everything is made by hand on the premises by artisan Swedish bakers. And second, Peter's Yard has a relaxed atmosphere and welcoming vibe with lots of rustic wooden furniture, comfy sofas, never ending glass windows and relaxed indie music. 

Suffice to say, I'll be back and soon.
I still love Peter's Yard. Even though the number of stars has plummeted for me, I do. But, they have a new policy. A new policy that's really quite annoying. So, they opened another Peter's Yard behind the old one (not that old one). It's specifically for Takeaways. Because of this new Peter's Yard takeaway, they've decided that, during lunchtime, you're not allowed to get takeaway coffee from the older Peter's Yard. Which, you know, would be fair enough IF all you were getting was coffee. But, I was getting a takeaway coffee, a chocolate ball and a slice of pizza (I was hungover and was trying to cure myself on my way to work)... The takeaway part didn't have the latter two. So, they decided to make me go out to the other Peter's Yard, get a coffee there, to then come back and get everything else there. Instead of just making me a coffee on the spot. I mean, there wasn't even a queue: it was just a matter of following rules without rhyme or reason. And so, the plummet. I hope they decide to change this new policy, because it is both angering and stupid. I'm off Peter's Yard now. And my pocket is happier this way.
Always seems to be an attractive place for brunch/lunch with its bright, open feel in the middle of the meadows. However, I always find myself unimpressed with the selection for brunch and you have to be lucky to get a sandwich at lunch as when they sell out at 2pm they may refuse to make more.
For a Monday afternoon, the place was packed. Unfortunately due to ordering at the counter rather than table service, a sizeable queue formed and it took a little while to place our order. However, once we took possession of our goodies, we were more than ok with waiting that extra 10 mins. The coffee was delicious and had a hint of infused liquorice (perhaps?!), a most delightful blend. Our blueberry crumble was also above average, if being critical perhaps a tad heavy...but hey, it was good. We'll be back.
Uh oh. 

Please don't bring me back here. My will is only so strong, and those cakes ALL looked mighty tempting (see uploaded photos).

Peter's Yard is in a great wee spot just at the top of Meadow Walk, right next to a Sainsbury's, a Starbucks, and underneath a block of apartments. For that reason, when I first saw, I thought "it must be a chain". And walked on by.

How wrong was I. As I realised more and more of my friends (cake-loving ones at that) were checking-in here, and it was a regular lunch spot for folk, I became curious. A bit of research around the Swedish Waffle Day brought me to the realisation that it's a Swedish café specialising in Swedish style cakes and café dining.

What does that mean? Cakes. Amazing, gorgeous, sultry, seductive cakes. Cardamon buns. Sponge cakes. Tarts. Croissants. Fruit pastries. Little cute bite-sized biscottis, shortbreads and cookies to go with coffee (these were more tempting as they seemed less sinful). And some gorgeous looking bread, to buy to take away, including rye.

There's also fresh made soups, pizzas, salads, sandwiches all of which look very fresh, very delicious and which I will be back to sample soon.

I only stayed for a peppermint tea and good chat. But despite the central, 'chain' location this place is an independent, Swedish gem that could very well put a cog in the works of my half-marathon training regime!
My knowledge of Sweden is very limited. Off the top of my head, the only things that I think of that are related to Sweden are Ikea, Swedish meatballs, Swedish fish, and Peter Forsberg, and the first two are inextricably linked anyway. So as you can see, I'm not very familiar with Sweden, or any of the other Scandinavian countries for that matter. When I learned of Peter's Yard, a well-regarded Swedish bakery mini-chain that has a location in Edinburgh, the first two questions that popped into my head were 1) what constitutes Swedish baked goods? and 2) would there be any assembly required? I was intrigued enough to pursue this further.

Entering the bakery shortly after it opened, I was immediately greeted by the warm smell of cinnamon swirling in the air. Piles of unfamiliar but most definitely tasty-looking baked goods, ranging from cakes and cookies to assorted breads and buns, were laid out on dishes on the countertop. Proclaimed as one of the bakery's specialties and supposedly a baked good with a cult-like following, the kladdkaka sounded like something I needed to try. Described as a dense, gooey, and sticky chocolate cake, kladdkaka sounded right up my alley. Unfortunately, the slice that I got was dry and crumbly, and I wouldn't be surprised if it was left over from the previous day. For something that was essentially a dry, glorified brownie that cost £2.70, I felt ripped off.

The disappointment from the kladdkaka, though, was remedied by the cinnamon and cardamom buns. I know that Ikea sells cinnamon buns, but the buns baked at Peter's Yard differ substantially from the typical American cinnamon bun. Both the cinnamon and cardamom buns at Peter's Yard consist of a braided mass of soft, slightly sweet dough. The cinnamon bun, topped off with some coarse sugar and almonds, bears no resemblance to the sticky, gooey, and ridiculously sweet (but still delicious) Cinnabons, but it was tasty all the same. I think I actually preferred the cardamom bun, with its slightly fruity flavor making for a more interesting-tasting bun. However, both the cinnamon and cardamom buns were fresh and made for a satisfying breakfast without the hyperglycemia-inducing sugar rush of a Cinnabon.

My first exposure to Swedish baked goods was a pleasant experience. I am definitely interested in trying out some of the other interesting breads and pastries I saw in the bakery, but I can't recall ever seeing a Swedish (or Scandinavian, for that matter) bakery in NYC, though perhaps that's because I haven't looked hard enough. Although I still know virtually nothing about Sweden, at least I will now think of something other than do-it-yourself furniture stores, chewy candies, and brittle hall-of-fame hockey players when I'm talking about Sweden.
Lovely vibrant coffee place.

Nice decor, high windows.

Recommend for coffee and scones
A real winner. Lovely soups and sandwiches. We summed it up: "we love this place. We'll continue to go back, and now that we know we can save almost £2.00 by going around the corner [to their take away shop], we'll seriously have to try to keep ourselves away."
This place is actually quite lovely.

Because it's situated so close to the University campus, I didn't expect much of it, I'm glad to say that I was wrong.

I think I was most impressed with the coffee. It's difficult at times to find a genuinely good coffee that doesn't taste burnt or as if the machine hasn't been cleaned for days. This place does it very well. I'd say the disadvantage is the children.

Because it gets rather overrun by them, it felt more like a zoo/playpen than a regular coffeeshop. If you're wanting a quiet read, keep in mind, this is not the place. Now for a good cup of coffee however ....
Do not ever let me go to this place again otherwise you may have to roll me out the door like a barrel!

My Achilles Heel is coffee, cake...... and bread. I love me a good bread. I did however manage to have some self control and not buy a dozen loaves to take home! What a brilliant place this is! This displays of bread and treats (that I know I really shouldn't have) literally are breath-taking. There is so much choice!! Something for every taste! I ordered a piece of the parsnip cake, thinking it will be along the lines of carrot cake, a personal fave, and an americano. Although after ordering saw the cinnamon buns and coffee and sour cream loaf. Aaaarrggghhh, too many things, and I wanted them all!!!

Oh boy. That cake was delicious..... with a nice orange cream cheese topping. It was quite a large slab aswell, I nibbled at it for quite a while. Coffee was really really good. So good in fact that I had two! Lovely lovely. I cannot believe it has taken me so long to go here, it is right next to my university building?! The lunch menu sounded lovely, there isn't a massive selection but I don't think it matters, the bread and cake are the stars of the show here!
Why did no one listen to me? In my last review of Peter's Yard I specifically said "do not bring me back here". I will eat all the cakes. And so far, on my few return visits, I am doing that with gusto.

Peter's Yard, for me, without a doubt bake some of the best cakes and bread in Edinburgh. The cake counter, and buns, and traybakes, and muffins, and slices - I dare anyone with a sweet tooth not to walk by these and immediately, pupils dilating, shout out uncontrollably "THAT ONE!" to the poor waiting staff behind the counter. My reaction wasn't that extreme, but oh boy, it's close.

I've stopped by here a few times for just a coffee, and to be honest, despite that the coffee is good, I wouldn't say it's the best place to come for 'just a coffee' as it's always really busy, crowded and there are only 4 comfy seats. The rest are all hard, wooden, with small space. If you know that what it's going to be like, then no problem, but it's just not very comfy. Maybe the place to read the morning paper, rather than nestle in with a good book. It's not a criticism, just sayin'.

But I will suffer uncomfortable seats for their cakes. On my first cake-outing I had two. Yes, two. Not at once. Paced a good hour between. Which is ok right? The fruit bun (one of the three 'buns' that are regularly available: the others being cinammon and cardamon) was simply delicious. Blueberries on top, custard inside. Then the coffee and sour cream loaf that followed was perfect. The parsnip cake I tried was also brilliant, huge grated chunks of parsnip and a very generous slice. They also have a wee box of little 'coffee side' biscuits for those wanting a sweet treat but perhaps not risking the guilt after. The chocolate and cardamon biscotti-type one I tried was a lot denser than it appeared, and perfect. Oh and the scones. They are massive, as big as my face. The fruit one I got 'to go' and had at home later with soup was divine. Apple and blueberry, with a giant slice of apple on top. The word "rustic" springs to mind.

The thing I like most about all these cakes, all the ones I've tried, is they're not overly sweet. They are still very decadent, probably loaded with butter and by no means am I kidding myself they're healthy, but they tasted far less sweet than any supermarket, store bought, or chain coffee store cake. The coffee and sour cream one was hardly sweet at all, and whilst the orange icing on the parsnip cake was sugary, the cake itself was again pleasantly mild. This allows the other flavours of the cinnamon, cardamon, fruit and all sorts to come through. The sponges are also entirely fresh. Oh, I just can't really describe how much I love the cakes here. My note on the lack of sweetness here is a good thing. Yes, they're still 'sweet' cakes but they taste so much more natural.

Whilst other places in Edinburgh are my real sweet-spot treat (thinking of The Manna House here, where the cakes are french, sweet, and perfect for my sweet tooth craving), I almost feel I could have  scone or parsnip cake for lunch from Peter's Yard and it wouldn't be TOO bad.

I feel I've waxed lyrical enough about the cakes here. Much like Louise C, and also my aforementioned plea, do not let me come here...ok "never" is unrealistic, but at least too often. I plan to work my way through them all, I do, but would like to keep the wardrobe I have too!
we've sampled both the flat white and cappuccino and both are seriously cracking. rich and robust with creamy soft milk. the flat white in the traditional smaller cup, perfectly formed.  among the best coffee in edinburgh, without a doubt!
Today, I woke up ill. Very ill. I felt as though nothing except perhaps a new body might make me feel better. Berocca and Beechams were not doing the trick. And I had a killer craving for hob nobs. I was at my wit's end.

Enter the ever wonderful Louise C with a special delivery. Vitamin tablets, my requested hob nobs and what's that? A little brown paper bag with the "Peter's Yard" stamp?! I knew I couldn't stomach anything rich or heavy...and lo she produced the most wonderful thing I think I've ever seen.

Two pear, blueberry and sour cream scones. Heavens above. In my hour of need, Peter's Yard (by the good hand of Louise C) were there. A wee cup of tea, a thin spread of butter, and the freshest, most loveliest, fruitiest, moist scone and I felt just that little bit better.

Read my other previous reviews (below) on Peter's Yard for a good idea of all the other (delicious) reasons I love them. But today, I love them just for that scone -nothing more, nothing less.
Scones are really meant to be round, no? But then the scones I know aren't packed with goat's cheese, courgette and parsnip, or pear, rhubarb and white chocolate either, so I'll forgive the squareness of the Peter's Yard ones.

Peter's Yard is a lovely, bright venue with huge windows, lots of tables outside if it's warm enough, and an array of sandwiches and cakes that all look gorgeous, in a square-scone sort of way. I mean, what's the point of an open sandwich? How do you eat it? Especially one with slices of potato on... it melts my mind a wee bit, but I'm determined to go back and give it a try!

It does take a while to get served, as everything's ordered at the counter, but that does give you plenty of time to stare at all the goodies on offer and make a decision. Next time, I'll brave the sandwiches, and report back on how I manage to eat mine.
Peter's Yard is really an authentic bakery. If you are living or working in the area, you should definitely pay a visit to Peter's Yard.

I love all of their food. Soups are quite good to have for lunch. Their breads are really nice, which I often purchase to eat at home. They have good quality coffee and yummy desserts (my favourite is the parsnip cake, which is very much like the carrot cake).

Now, there are two issues with this place: 

(1) It is busy all day and all week long. Consequently, their service can be quite slow. Be prepared to wait in a long queue if you go there during lunch times. Finding a table is not always easy, especially if you are a group of friends/colleagues. It'd be great if they had a larger space.

(2) Prices are definitely not cheap! If your budget is tight, you probably wouldn't wanna go there every day. I wouldn't say the place is expensive, because their food and drinks are high quality, and you're paying for that quality.

Overall, yes I'm a fan, but I wish the place was larger, the service was faster, and the prices were little lower:))
I love this place, great cafe in a great location right by the Meadows. The Cardamom hot chocolate is greatly recommended. And they are open till 10pm Tuesday-Saturday.

Perfect for sunny afternoons in the Meadows is the hidden gem round the back, their takeaway place, sadly only open till 6pm. The ice cream here is amazing, great flavours and they got them spot on. Favourite of mines are Cardamon, Coconut and Pistachio. Pistachio was my favourite ice cream as a kid and but once I had their pistachio it was something else. They've perfected the flavour. Please let me know if you can find better ice cream anywhere around.
I've been going back to Peter's yard after a year or so of abandonment (this was due to work being so far away but now I'm back over the road) 

Going to do this in Pro - Con form (I'll likely have more pros than cons so this may get a bit interesting towards the bottom)

PRO - The flat White is AMAZING, as is the cappuccino  
CON - There is usually a pretty HUGE queue and it can be tough to find somewhere to sit.

PRO - The food is delicious and filling and YUM YUM YUM. Breakfasts are really good. 
CON - It is admittedly also quite expensive. This is ok sometimes but occasionally I felt a little short changed. 

PRO - It's an amazing building that feels airy, bright, sunny, magic and warm
CON - Because of this it's REALLY busy sometimes and can be hard to find a seat as already mentioned. They also have NO WIFI (sin)

PRO - They do really good pots of tea that are excellent value for money and do do takeaway coffee
CON - They took away the honesty box for takeaway coffee because tramps kept stealing it - This means you have to queue for it and that takes ages - defeating the point of it being a "quick" option.

PRO - It's independently owned and I love it because they are doing something different and interesting and creating a strong brand.
CON - I find it really hard to find nice fitting trousers in most high street shops now a days. usually no bum/legs are too tight. WHAT SHAPE ARE MOST MEN NOW FFS?

PRO - The outdoors bit is really good. Lots of space - good sun in the morning.
CON - I hate that there are cash machines in some places that charge you to use them. It really really annoys me. The ONLY one at Aberdeen Central Station charges you £1.50 - can you believe that?

PRO - It's a lovely place to sit and read a book/tether your laptop to your phone and work.
CON - I imagine it wouldn't be a great place to be in an earthquake.

So overall. Amazing stuff. I recommend checking it out and eating crispbread and cheers MMMMMMmmmmmmmMMMMMMMMM
Mmmm mmmm. The coffee here is very tasty. They use high quality beans roasted to perfection, and make each cup with care  the baristas really do know their business. They also have a fridge full of delicious looking bottled juices.

Peters Yard also have an impressive range of cakes, scones and slices It takes real strength to avoid temptation. From spelt to rhubarb and dark chocolate scones and from passionfruit tart to chocolate and walnut brownie with cheesecake, you are sure to find the perfect taste to accompany your coffee. If you are after something a bit more substantial, there is also a selection of pizzas available. Baked goods e.g rye bread, olive bread etc are a specialty here, and are available for purchase at reasonable prices. This is the kind of place you're guaranteed to get food envy because everything just looks and tastes so yummy!
Facilities include a large number of indoor and outdoor tables with a couple of more comfy chairs available if you're lucky. Toilets are easily accessible and disabled friendly.
I reached Peter's Yard in a state of anticipation. Yelpers had been raving about this place, the sun was shinning and the Ray Bans were on. The only clouds anticipated were the possibility of no GF products.

I went in to grab cake. 1. its a staple food and 2. I wasn't sure when I'd eat if the work meeting hadn't catered for my special needs. The open sandwiches look amazing - sure I can't eat the bread but they are substantial enough to be a decent salad minus it. Fresh bread and cakes are on offer. No GF bread but there is GF cake and a decent choice. Luckily I love nuts (might be an issue for non-nut eating GF's) as many options were of the nutty variety - Pecan Pie, chocolate covered meringues with nuts, pastachio horse shoes and another option which escapes me. For a place which appears to be evil (non-GF) heaven, I was pretty damn pleased that I had a selection to uhm and ahhh over, till I made up my mind. 

I went for the Pecan Pie. Now I know there have been a few comments about prices, etc but this pie was pretty damn great and a pretty damn good portion - I've had cake in town which has been a 3rd of this size and more expensive. It was yummy (also Vegan friendly) with lots of pecan's and a lovely sweet base with almonds to give it a bit of bite - just moist enough to be moreish but not to disintegrate. 

This cake also passed the bag test - see what goes in Claire's bag and comes out intact - which is a major accomplishment. It travelled all over Edinburgh and beyond, in its little Peter's Yard box and stayed intact - that's impressive - to be finally consumed around midnight, a good 14 hours after it was purchased. Although the box wasn't airtight (it may have taken a bit of punishment between the folders and IT equipment), there was no difference in its taste (nibbled at throughout the day as work did provide a GF lunch) and it hadn't started to go hard or stale. 

Peter's Yard I salute you! The provision of freshly baked GF bread (or the holy grail of GF Carrot cake) will get you am instant 5 stars, but you might get an upgrade on my next visit as I'm sure we'll be seeing each other lots.
Outside in the sun (remember that?!?) on Saturday past, I had one of the best darn coffees I've ever tasted. It was rich but smooth. It looked sexy. Yes actually sexy. I didn't want to disturb the art. But I did and it was ace man space man. The other treats on offer at Peter's are top notch and I like the staff - they work hard to make great coffee.

Top work Pedro and his yardites.
And then Peter's Yard created pizza. And there was wine. And it was open till 10pm. And it was good.

Seriously, too good. My love affair with Peter's Yard is no secret. The coffee, the chai tea, the savoury scones (they're square!), the sweet scones (with cherries!), the cinammon buns, the not-too-sweet cakes, the passion fruit tart. The smoked salmon on rye bad open sandwich. The crayfish on bloomer. The big open windows, the friendly Swedish staff. As a cafe, it hit every single one of my coffee, tea, cake and lunch-time buttons.

And then there was there "No-Compromise Pizza". It's not the most eloquent, it's a bit of a mouthful. The marketer in me was a little irked by the random, long, hyphenated name of this pizza. And what an interesting choice of words it is. But it does exactly what it says on the...basket (this pizza comes in a basket, not a box).

Sourdough base, the freshest ingredients: torn chunks of mozarella that melt in gooey puddles, rather than the uniform, grated thin layer of slightly burnt cheese a lot of pizzas can offer up. Olives, parma ham, artichokes. 

There are three options: vegetarian; salami / parma ham; and anchovies. In my wee group of 4 girls, we got all three different types, a bottle of red (and a glass of white) to share and had ourselves the loveliest of evenings. The Festival had just passed, the crowds were gone, it was still light outside so we could sit and watch the evening creeping up on us through the window-walls, enjoying the most delicious of pizzas.

They're not a pizzaria, they're not known for their pizza, but I challenge you to find a better pizza in a local Italian restaurant. The Swedes sure know how to pull a surprise...

So I could now basically live here and turn into a little dough ball, but a very happy wee dough ball at that.
It pains me to do this, but I must deduct one star. For a very important reason. Peter's Yard, I love you and we've had a wonderful time together -the little sugary kisses of cake, the light yet satisfying open smoked salmon sandwich, the spicy and warming chai tea, the coffee with a kick - but recently you stung me. You stung me bad.

Soup for £6.50. I kid you not. One bowl of regular sized soup, with two slices of regular sliced bread, for £6.50. I admit, it was my fault for allowing this to happen. I wasn't paying attention. I ordered my soup, chatting to a friend, and when I was told the amount I didn't blink an eye - I must have assumed I'd also ordered coffee. But as I sat down I realised my error, and how I'd allowed you to do one over on me. I had, in fact, paid £6.50 for one bowl of soup.

Given that a glass of wine is £3.50, or an open sandwich around £5, I can't fathom or even comprehend the justification behind charging £6.50 for a bowl of soup. It was home-made, yes. And it was evidently made with nice quality fresh veggies. Yum. But...I just...words can't even... I'm speechless.

This review is something of a rant. It's still 4 stars as I still love your cakes, and your sandwiches, and the open light windows, and I think it was your sour dough pizza that caught my heart. I just will never, ever, ever again order soup here. I'd genuinely love to know the reason behind charging so much for a regular bowl of soup and bread - it's only £2 less than the pizza which is 'no compromise' and made with only the best ingredients.

So, in this instance, it's not me - it's definitely you.
Oh Peter's yard with your bakery goodness, why isn't there one in Glasgow?  Actually scrap that, I'd be much worse off....

So I have to trip through to Edinburgh to get my fix of Swedish bakery goodness.  Now we're not talking about the wee shoppe at the end of ikea here.  This is the real deal.  I've got distant Scandinavian family and so have long had a love of swedish crisp breads, and the last time I had ones as good as the ones you can get here was when we had then from Sweden itself.  

This place isn't cheap - but it's perfect for a treat.  I brought the parental types here when they came to stay and my Mother was over the moon reminiscing about the old family holidays abroad.  Now it's also worth mentioning that my Mutti navigates the country by where she can get her next caffeine fix (yes really) so the coffee here gets a big thumbs up.  Which is to be expected when they are serving up Artisan Roast stuff, done properly.  Huzzah.

My top tip?  Splash out and get a loaf of bread to take home, or even just a cardamom bun.  For me they are the smell of Scandinavia; every coffee shop I went into in Finland served these traditional treats.

Serve with strong coffee on an Ikea table with stupid name (table optional)
Ouch. It really pains me to do this, but after a recent sting at Peter's Yard I don't think I can keep coming here as often.

I mean I could. But then I might have to stop buying new clothes. And other food. Pretty much just live off one main meal a day at Peter's, and maybe also only afford make-up and shampoo and soap every second month.

Ok that's a tad extreme. But when my most recent lunch here -one open salmon, and one pot of tea - came to £10, I was shocked and hurt. Peter, we've had a good run. I've been coming here regularly for 2 years, since I moved to Edinburgh. I eat lunch here at least once a week, and if not that then a cake-date with a friend. I've lauded the wonders of your sourdough pizza to everyone I know, I've bought take-away cake as cheer-up presents for friends countless times, I *even* bought your soup until I discovered it was £6.50. But despite that, I came back.

And this time, the soup was down to £5.50. But the sandwiches were up to £7.50. Yes, dear reader. £7.50 for an open smoked salmon sandwich. And £2.50 for a pot of tea. So there was no change from my £10 note.

Now, is it just me being a scrooge, or is this a step too far? I mean...really. I tend to only reserve that much for lunch when it's something like sushi. Yes, the salmon is delicious. And the bread freshly baked. But it's just too much.

So the food is still delicious, the café still light and airy. It still has all those qualities that wooed me originally. But I physically cannot afford to eat here as often as I did. Bad, sad times.
Peters yard is a Swedish cafe which does really good food. I would love to come here for breakfast every week, but I would quickly go into overdraft. There are many beautiful pastries, biscuits, cakes, loaves of bread and open sandwiches on display. There are also daily 'pizzas' and soups, and you can get homemade ice cream in the 'food to go' section around the back, though I must emphasize that Peters yard main claim to fame resides in their fantastic baked goods. 

The cardamon and cinnamon buns are somewhat famous in Edinburgh, as they are so good! They are also authentic. I have eaten the same buns in Norway and Sweden, and these were very similar...  or dare I say it, better? They are light, not too doughy, and enriched by a delicious spiced sugar. Even better (in my opinion) are the fruit buns: you get the same delicious pastry, but with custard cream and entire raspberries or blueberries. Wash that down with a cardamon hot chocolate or a cappuccino, and you have the breakfast of dreams.

Peters yard caters for most diets, offering a few vegan cakes, soya milk, and a few gluten free options. The building is made with glass, and therefore unsurprisingly lets a lot of light into the room. This combats SAD which is almost inevitable during a Scottish winter. There are quite a few recipe books which are interesting to browse whilst waiting for your food. Every time I go there I get it into my head that I am going to start baking Nordic pastries!

Peters yard is conveniently located on the edge of the quartermile development, between the University of Edinburgh and the meadows. This makes it ideal for student socials, picnics in the park and quick snacks.

My only problems with peter's yard:

1. The price-I end up spending about £10 here for a light breakfast.
2.  The non-baked goods. They are not bad, per se, but this is not the expertise of Peters yard. I am a big fan of thin and crispy pizza, and find the pizzas here way too thick and starchy. The soup isn't bad either, but it's something which I make better at home for a fraction of the price. I have looked at the open sandwiches often in awe, then shied away after seeing the steep price tag.

Other than that, this is a really great place for fresh bread, cakes, and above all PASTRIES! It is a luxury though, and I can't imagine being able to afford coming here all the time.
Nice soup with wonderful bread!! Lovely pattern on the top of latte! The bread come with soup is always amazing!! Especially the bread with roast almond and nut. The latte has smooth taste. Staying there the whole afternoon is so delightful because the day light fulfilled the room. Cakes are fantastic as well and friends like their scones so much. You have many choices of bakery things everyday in Peters Yard. By the way, must have a glance of their chocolate shelf, which have plenty of flavored chocolates, even lavender chocolate. Guess they must be great. Anyway, it is a valuable place around the george square.
Swedish Meat-flaws

....I have tried this place a few times and it just upsets me every time. 

I love Sweden, lots of good things come from Sweden, Ikea rocks my world, Absolut is one of my favourite vodkas, Zlatan Ibrahimovic is a god, Massages and Saunas are also awesome, Tiger of Sweden make great clothes - and let us not forget the Swedish House Mafia!

Peter's Yard is not on my list of good things to come from Sweden

I heard they did great hot chocolate, I went in for one, I thought it was a bit m'eh. I try
their cinnamon buns, again average, my housemate bakes better, and their sandwiches just seem to be trying too hard.

Most of the stuff on the shelves is pointless, I wouldn't want to buy any of it - apart from the kiddies coffee cups, they are cool.

I know this sounds harsh, but I get excited about places like this and it hurts when they don't come through with the goods.. I once ran across the meadows from my  flat to buy a couple coffees to go and some coffee beans, they told me to go next door - OK I get it, you have a takeaway place next door how about you go next door and get them for me? 

As Jenny says, its overpriced also, and I don't care much for Artisan Flat Bread, thanks but no thanks
Yesterday my boyfriend and I came to Peter's Yard for lunch, and then I stayed on to work from here in the afternoon. When we walked in, we were just able to get the last two free seats at a large, shared table in the back. We were there just after 1:30 and they were down to their last few sandwiches and last two servings of soup available for the day. We were a bit surprised at how expensive everything was. £5 for soup of the day is a bit steep, as is £5.50 for a glorified cheese sandwich. My vegetarian sandwich was good, though, and what I liked best was the sunny environment with natural light streaming through the many floor-to-ceiling glass windows on three sides of the cafe. I think what Peter's Yard makes best is everything coming from its top-rate bakery and from its coffee machines.

So I stayed on to work from here after lunch, moving to one of the more comfy chairs (when one opened up) rather than the table where we ate. I was a bit surprised that there was no free wifi (only the BT wifi you have to pay for), which could have been an issue for me other days but luckily I had some editing to do on paper so I was able to sit and enjoy the environment while working, and then check my work emails on my phone. It's not ideal for someone working from home unless you have work you don't need to do relating to anything online, but it works otherwise.

My Tips:
1) If you're coming for lunch, get here early to head-off the lunch rush and get the lunch options while they're still available.

2) If working from here again (which I'm sure I will since I liked the atmosphere and natural lighting so much), I'd probably not come for lunch but, rather, come in the middle of the afternoon for coffee and cake. That is better on the wallet and also on the ability to find a seat. Also, I'd only come to work from here when I know I don't need the Internet!
Loved Peters Yard so much that I came here three times when I was visiting my friends at Edinburgh. It's a great place to grab coffee and catch up with friends. The first night I shared a pizza with my friends and I thought it was delicious, very flavorful and the crust was done perfectly. I was addicted to their cinnamon buns, literally they are crack. The café also has a lovely atmosphere and the servers are all quite friendly.

One negative is the pricing, it is quite expensive, especially for an American. I think everything is expensive in the UK, but this café is quite pricey for what it is. Nevertheless this is a great place and I would love to come back when in Edinburgh again. If I remember correctly the coffee is also quite good!
Was not welcoming...
Fifteen min for a coffee...
Not a great value...
Really lovely coffee and cakes and whatnot with fast, free wifi and a tolerant attitude towards people working there for fairly extended times. Perhaps, a bit let down by the massive & astoundingly slow-moving queue, which is about the only bad thing I can say about it.
Achingly middle-class. I hate that I like this place. I am such a stereotype. But, there's a lot to be said about Scandinavian aesthetics and Swedish food. Ugh. It's a good option for that neck of the woods, too. 

Be prepared to take out a second mortgage. This place is a treat-only kind of stop. Fabulous cake options. so beware your expanding waistline. The queues are pretty mental too. BUT. Still worth a stop. It's four stars on a good day when the queues aren't insane.
I really like Swedish pastries and this place was calling out to me whenever I passed it on the way to the theatre everyday. Decided to stop in after a day that required much needed caffeine. I noticed that there were people ordering their pizza. It looked amazing so the next day, I came back with two friends and we ordered two pies to share. It was so delicious! I've been living in a country where good pizza is hard to find and missed NY-style pizza. I was definitely happy to be digging into this pizza. I even came back to get a pie the last few days of my three week stint during the festival. Get the Parma ham pizza, you won't be disappointed. 
I also had the chocolate coconut ball but it was ridiculously tough to bite into so I wouldn't recommend it. Stick to coffee, tea, pizza, and the sandwiches (I thought they looked good)
As a half swede I love any chance to have a cinnamon bun. They didn't disappoint. Coffee was also excellent as was the soup served with delicious bread. They're clearly very good at the bread thing. Top marks yay!
I like this place.  I think the coffee is excellent, if not a little expensive. Tip - buy their reusable cup for £5 and you get all you coffees for £1.80, makes it much cheaper (basically the same price as everywhere else). Sometimes you have to wait a long time to get your coffee, which isn't ideal if you're getting it to go. I have to admit I sometimes go elsewhere just to avoid the wait.

The food is also pricey, however, the pastries and cakes are reasonable. I wouldn't go there for lunch though, a little too pricey for me.
Long lines emphasize their popularity, but aside from the gorgeous aesthetics (open windows, modern feel), I don't know what the fuss is about. I found their coffee to be quite bitter and didn't like waiting in a 10 min long line. You can see the appeal because of its amazing location and outdoor seating, but it's too expensive for what you are getting. If you are ok with essentially paying for the view and location, then it's a great one! (Ps. Students be aware there is no wifi!)
Very solid bakery!  

The cardamom bun opens your senses, slightly sweet, and savory, with a lingering cardamom finish.  The vanilla roll was like a bagel donut with vanilla tapioca pudding in it, rolled in sugar.  Tried the hot chocolate - perfect temperature, good chocolate/ milk balance, and sinful.  My latte was a bit bitter, which was the only downside, but corrected with some table-side pure cane sugar.  The pink rock candy citrus shortbread was buttery and soft, but not too flaky.  Self-serve tap water available (a plus for any runners like me who drink a lot of it).  

Love the blankets available to use for outdoor seating, and staff was friendly and willing to answer my questions about ingredients.  Great location, and way better than Starbucks next door for the same price.
I LOVE this place. Yes the coffee is a tad overpriced compared to other places but I also know that I will get an amazing coffee every time I go. The cardamom buns are to die for and is another reason why I pick this place over other coffee shops. This place can get pretty busy at times but worth the wait!
The coffee was fine but not spectacular, and pricey although obviously you'll suck it up because you must have something to sip on alongside your yummy treats. I'd say the cardamom bun is reason alone to make it over here, but there's also plenty of nice dense rye breads and crisp crackerbread, fresh sandwiches, and lots of other enticing goodies. The space is bright and glassy, and there are a few comfy couches and a long communal table to sit and read. During the day you might like to stay a while, they even have a basket of blankets to keep yourself warm.
This is simply one of the best cafés in Edinburgh! OK, so I might be slightly partial being from Sweden but let me convince you... Peter's Yard has amazing cakes, buns and breads from from Sweden, baked I perfection :) 

BUT what makes it the best place ever, is the sourdough pizzas with their fresh toppings. These are moorish and addictive! If you have not had one yet, get your ass here ASAP (well to the Stockbridge branch anyway!)

That is all :)
Not quiet, but plenty of space.  Bright huge windows and pretty decent coffee. 

If you're looking for a place to relax the day away, this isn't it.  But if you're looking to meet a friend for coffee this might be.
So, I was walking in the Quartermile at around 8am, which was a frightening experience in and of itself, since being in the middle of the Quartermile feels like you're in a time warp of what Edinburgh would be like if they continued taking down old buildings and replacing them with huge rectangular glass buildings. It was way early in the morning so I was feeling particularly disoriented because of where I was, but then I saw Peter's Yard and thought I'd found my bearings again. How wrong I was. It was ANOTHER Peter's Yard, about 10 metres out the back door of the one whose coffee I am so thoroughly addicted to.

That's possibly the only reason I've given it 4 instead of 5 stars. I think there's something very Starbucksian (yes, that's exactly what I mean) about opening another branch of the same business less than 10 minute walk from the previous one. It's just weird. They sell everything you get at Peter's Yard minus the sit-in food. There's ice cream, coffee, etc. And the only advantage of this one is that it's tucked away so no-one really knows it's there.
Is there anything better than a cup of freshly ground coffee and a warm artisan muffin or pastry? 

Actually, there is and that's sitting in the fresh air and following the coffee and cake with a piping hot bowl of soup, a slice of fresh sourdough bread and finally, a home-made ice-cream or fruit sorbet. 

For those lucky enough to work or live in the area, Peter Yard's is extending the opening hours of this new Savour To Go branch from mid-day to 8pm during the Edinburgh Festival - so expect to see performers and audiences grabbing a slice of something tasty between shows.
Close to the Uni..
Pop-in, pop-out, easy lunch...
Same great taste - To Go!
Love this wee gem of a place. It's tucked away which means it's quiter than their bigger shop/cafe at Quartermile. I am head over heels for their mango sorbet. I could eat it all day. Sunshine in a pot whether the sun is really out or not. They have a few sorbets & lots of interesting ice cream flavours that I'd love to try (damn you lactose intolerance).
Also serves sandwiches & drinks so a great place to grab lunch if you're in the area/heading to the Meadows & want to avoid the queues of the more apparent venues on the main drag.
I like Peter's Yard. Despite that I find their prices shocking sometimes, I go here regularly. So regularly that I can't deny I like them. I like their coffee (Artisan Roast), I like their fruit buns, I like their scones, I like the Swedish stylings. I like their outdoor seating.

But wait, that's for the original Peter's yard visible on Quartermile. Tucked behind them one block back in the QM development is their 'Savour To Go' shop. It's like the little sister of the original: same stylings, same coffee; same fruit buns; same sandwiches and soups. But with the addition of ice cream. And the prices are slightly lower. And there's less of a queue.

There are still seats inside and a few out. The baristas are just as friendly, the quality is the same. But it allows you to get a coffee quicker, at a lower price, and still enjoy Peter's wares. Perfect.

I haven't tried their ice cream yet, but I know many knowing locals (and tourists who discover it) will be walking around the Meadows smugly this August, whilst others who haven't discovered Peter's little sister will be wondering where they got that amazing looking Lingonberry Icecream!
Never thought I'd encounter a hole-in-the-wall Scandinavian restaurant, but that's exactly what Beaver Choice is. Situated between a hair salon and a dollar store, this newly-opened restaurant offers up traditional Scandinavian dishes as well as pitas, wraps, burgers and salads. Everything from their gravad lax (cured salmon) to their köttbullar (better known as 'Swedish meatballs') is made from scratch. The family that owns and runs the restaurant is super friendly, and really make the place inviting. A few things to note, however. The service is not quite what you'd expect, and may catch some off guard. While they are quick to bring you anything you ask for, (extra silverware, a drink refill, etc) they will otherwise generally leave you undisturbed during your meal, as they don't wish to interrupt your dining with a lot of "and how is everything tonight?" and things of that nature. Same goes with the check. There's no waiter dropping it off saying "Whenever you're ready, I'll be your cashier". It's expected that when you feel like leaving (and there's no rush) you'll just go up to the register and pay for your meal. That said, I'm definitely going to go back again, and soon.
All your wishes will be granted at Beaver Choice. Last night a friend and I saw a fine fine movie. Afterward he recommended going to this Scandinavian restaurant that just opened a week ago. It's a small place located in a strip mall with ample parking. First impression. Wow there is a lot of Ikea furniture here. Second impression. Wow these people are really really nice. You order at the counter from a pretty large selection of menu options. There are two menus (that they are happy to explain to you). The "grab and go" menu with things like sandwiches and wraps and a "bistro" menu with more hot dinner-type options. Immediately, the owner asked if I wanted free samples. Sure! I ordered the Pork Tenderloin with Morel Cream sauce (I love morels!). My dude friend had the Swedish Meatballs. We sat on our Ikea chairs at our Ikea table and enjoyed ABBA softly playing in the background. I admired the Outsider Art for sale on the walls. I almost wanted to buy the painting of the woman holding a baby. The woman looked like one of the Olsen twins. Neat! The little free samples were yummy. I had a little bit of gravlax with dill sauce, beet salad in sour cream (amazing), potato salad and some kind of lemon mousse thing. All very tasty. My pork schnitzel with the morels was so delicious. It came with salad, coleslaw and mashed potatoes with the same cream sauce. I think that mushroom sauce melted my cold cold heart. It made me smile. Then we ordered the lemon mousse thingy. I said to my friend, "I wish Dancing Queen would come on. Then everything would be perfect." When dessert came we were invited to eat it on their comfy sofa. Yeah, sofa. Then Dancing Queen came on. Wishes do come true.
Oh my goodness.  Run,  Get in the car and drive.  Go. Go. Go!!!!  Until now, the ONLY Scandinavian restaurant in the Valley was IKEA's cafe.  NO MORE!!!

Did I say run?  Go now.  Yes, stop reading this and go.

I know it's a weird name.  Trust me.  GO.  You mean you are still reading?  Get in the car now!!!!!!

Want lunch?  How about an enormous wrap for $5.  Several varieties and the two we had yesterday were wonderful and very filling.

Want dinner?  The Bistro menu is incredible.  Schnitzels from above.

So, who runs this restaurant? 
The owners are from Poland with stops in Sweden, some hints of Norway and then by way of Canada, they arrived in Tempe, Arizona.
Hanna and Marek make homemade Northern and Eastern European food that you just have to go taste. They have everything from $5 wraps and awesome burgers to $18 dinner killer entrees. 

Their son Christian does everything from waiting on guests to busing tables and doing dishes. It's a family affair and it works with the love they put on a plate.

There menu is going to expand as they roll this opening out. By fall and winter, look out...breakfast all the way through to 9p.

I have ordered the Schnitzel Cordon Blue on a previous visit. Yeah, it's been open a week and we have been here twice already.  Great German ham and what I thought was going to be swiss cheese on a pounded folded and then breaded pork tenderloin, pan fried in butter. Hannah didn't like the taste of any of the area Swiss cheeses in the area...so she substituted...with a wonderfully creamy French Brie. Ok...that's a fair substitution in my book. The potatoes with dill, butter and heavy cream, and the cabbage salad were spot on.  

Oh, and they have desserts too.  I suggested some good dark roast coffee.  I'm sure it will arrive when the weather turns cooler.

I need to say one thing more.  I wrote a very similar review on urbanspoon.com and made a less than favorable comment about the honey mustard vinaigrette.  I have a great recipe.  Hannah asked for it.  She is the ultimate in chef's...the kind I adore.  They want to continue to learn and try new things.  Someone I want to get to know better and enjoy the love she and Marek show when they cook.

You are still reading?  Why aren't you already in the car?   GO!
Beaver Choice.  Let's just get this out of the way.  I don't know what the name means, I have no idea why it's named that, I don't know why the logo is a beaver (the animal kind - get your heads out of the gutter people) in a Swedish triple crown shirt holding a fork.  With all that said, what I do know is this place is definitely worth a try.  

I had never heard of the place until my girlfriend fiancée sent me a link saying we should check it out sometime.  I checked out the menu online, it looked good, so rather than wait several weeks for my fiancée to have a free lunch period, I decided to investigate for myself that very same day.  Good move on my part.  

It's a great little Scandinavian restaurant that's only been open for a couple of weeks in a pretty non-descript suite in the strip mall behind Ted's Hot Dogs at McClintock & Broadway.  It's a very clean place with about 6 or 7 four tops, furnished from top to bottom by...you guessed it...Ikea.  It's a family owned and operated spot and they are some of the sweetest people you will ever meet.  They are very proud of their little piece of Scandinavia in the desert and it shows in their service and their food.  

They are well aware of the fact that with the exception of Swedish meatballs, most people aren't really familiar with Scandinavian food so when you approach the counter, right off the bat they ask if you would like to try a little sample platter free of charge.  Who's going to turn that down?  I had a little piece of Gravlax (raw salmon cured in salt, sugar and dill), some potato salad and some pink lunch salad thing the name of which I forget.  I really enjoyed the Gravlax and potato salad but the pink one was made with sour cream and since I've never been a fan of sour cream I only had a bite of that one.  

They have two menus. One could best be described as a lunch/to-go menu and one that they call the bistro menu which is essentially akin to a dinner menu except that you can get anything on it all day.  They have salads, wraps, sandwiches, soups, entrees, etc. with all kinds of different varieties of meats to choose from.  They even had two that they say on the menu are recommended for hangovers.  My kind of place! It all ranges in price from about $5 for sandwiches and wraps up to about $15 for a couple of the full sized dinner entrees though most of the dinner entrees mostly hover around $10 which is a steal for the amount of food that you get.  

I decided to try the schnitzel.  It comes with a decent little side salad with your choice of either a honey mustard or garlic vinaigrette, a little citrusy red cabbage slaw both of which were good but were primarily there to compliment the main event which was the schnitzel.  It's an enormous breaded pork cutlet stuffed with ham and brie cheese, cooked to perfection and topped with an amazing mushroom gravy and on the side were dill mashed potatoes also topped with the gravy.  Both of them were in a word, delicious.  It was about $11 for the whole entrée and it was worth every penny.  I wasn't able to finish the whole thing but I can tell you that it keeps really well because I had it for breakfast this morning.  

I haven't tried anything else on the menu but if any of it is even half as a great as the schnitzel, it's gotta be pretty damn good.  

You know how every now and then you go to a place that's just starting out and you get great service and great food and you just hope that they make it?  Well this is one of those places.  I strongly suggest that you go check it out.
My husband and I just returned from dinner at Beaver Choice. We may not be authorities on Scandinavian cuisine, but we had an amazing meal prepared by an incredibly friendly family. 

From the moment we walked in the door, the family that owns the restaurant was more than inviting. They took great care and pride in explaining the menu. The restaurant has two menus: a Grab-and-Go menu that has quickly prepared and cheaper fare, and a bistro menu that offers larger dinner plates that are more expensive. The owners even offered us a sample plate (with their cured salmon, potato salad, and beet salad). The friendly service made us feel that we were guests in a family kitchen. 

After some consultation, my husband ordered the Laxpudding. The main dish is cured salmon atop a potato and egg frittata with a tangy dill flavor. I think my husband might become addicted to their salmon. He recommends that anyone who enjoys cured fish, or just fish in general, to locate a means of transportation to this restaurant immediately. In addition, the salmon comes with a tangy dill mustard that just enhances all the flavors. He had three sides with his meal: a tomato-basil salad, a spinach salad, and sauerkraut. All were home-made fresh. 

Being a vegetarian, I was more limited in my selections. However, I am told that the restaurant will offer pierogies in October, and I love pierogies. I definitely plan to return to sample some vegetarian pierogies. 

Beaver Choice has several vegetarian options on their Grab-and-Go menu. The owners explained all the vegetarian selections, and offered to let me construct a plate from any of the vegetarian options and sides. I decided to order their Harmonie plate (for only $5). It is a large plate of home-made falafels with a potato salad and a side salad. The falafels were very tasty, and the potato salad was absolutely fantastic.  

In all, we had a wonderful, home-made, fresh dinner prepared by a very friendly family. My husband is anxious to return to try more of their fish dishes and their schnitzel, and I am looking forward to some pierogies.
The first time I walked in here I felt like I was being catered to.  The family that runs the restaurant is incredibly friendly.  They offered me a free sample of their wonderful food.

I have eaten the Swedish meatball sandwich, the Swedish meatball pita and the tunbrodsrulle.  Each meal was incredible.  

The restaurant is incredibly clean, the family is very friendly, and the dessert is excellent.
I was getting an eye check up and as I am wont to do I spin the lucky wheel of Yelp (e.g. restaurants nearby) and oh my stars and garters, up comes a Scandinavian Restaurant with just great reviews! Scandinavian, I thought, in the desert? It's a 105 degrees outside and people in Scandinavia grow up near glaciers! Then the name of the place, wow! As someone else noted, it doesn't make think of food, that is for sure! However, who knows, maybe beavers are a symbol of quality when you grow up near the glaciers.

In the interest of all things foodie I headed over and entered and as others have noted, some of the friendliest people you will ever meet, you immediately feel like you are some long lost relative finally stopping by and they are so happy to see you. I told them I had discovered them on Yelp and they were thrilled. Since my eyes were completely dilated (from the eye doctor visit) I couldn't read the menu and took the advice of the mother of the family and ordered the Schnitzel cordon-blue, along with mashed potatoes, pickled green beans, basil and tomato salad and sauerkraut. I could hear them pounding the chicken for the Schnitzel and I kid you not, one of the cooks (one of the two brothers) said that was how you knew they put love into the food they made, it was all done fresh. 

Well, it was really good. The Schnitzel was huge, the mushroom gravy was well, really mushroomy in a good way. I loved the pickled cabbage and the tomato basil salad was awesome! The pickled green beans were good but could be a bit more tangy.

Oh, they also brought out the tasting menu everyone talks about. The Gravlax (2 day cured salmon) was really good with the mustard dipping sauce, the Swedish potato salad was wonderfully creamy and if you like capers, they put that in there as well. I also enjoyed the beet salad (they pickle the beets themselves because...they couldn't find any good enough, how cool is that?).

So, a delightful foody treat, one that I would never expect to find out in the desert land of Phoenix so you thank those nice people for leaving their glaciers and coming all the way out here to make such good and unique food for the people of Phoenix.  Next trip there, the double burgers with Swedish-style anchovies and mustard, wowza! :-)
What a great surprise. At first I was not sure what to expect from a "Swedish" bistro in Tempe, but I could not resist the temptation to give it a shot. On a trip down to the valley from Flagstaff, I stopped by and was amazed to find such friendly and happy Swedes in the middle of the Arizona desert hiding close to ASU in Tempe where I spent my first years in the US after moving from Sweden in 2000.  I tried one of the wraps that turned out to be just amazing. A perfect balance of very fresh crisp Swedish style vegetables with really tasty pieces of chicken and a hint of the South West, bringing back memories from Sweden and guaranteeing my return for more during my next visit to the Tempe area.  Keep up the great flavors guys.  You are very affordable too. This is a no brainer when looking for great value for money in combination with excellent food. See you again soon.
This place is great.  Their wraps are unique and fresh.  I was surprised that a Swedish/Canadian fusion restaurant had such good falafel; better than some middle eastern restaurants in town.  But hands down my favorite thing on the menu is the poutine.  It's the only place I know of in town that makes it. For those of you who don't know, poutine is french fries topped with hot brown gravy and cheese curds.  It's like the French-Canadian version of chili cheese fries, and it's delicious.  Beaver's Choice is definitely a must try, even if its just for a late night poutine snack!
I work nearby and my coworkers and I have been eyeing this place from Ted's Hot Dogs for a few weeks now. A co-worker and I finally decided to check it out today and I'm so glad we did!
It seems that all new customers are automatically entitled to try a free sample plate with potato salad, beet salad, and salmon. I'm not a salmon person, but both salads were really good. I had the meatball sub with potato salad from the Grab and Go Menu, which was pretty amazing. I admit to anticipating the potato salad as a side instead of a part of the sandwich, but the flavors worked together really well, so I didn't mind. My co-worker had the chicken pita, also from the Grab and Go Menu, and really enjoyed the marinated chicken. We shared an order of the Quebec Poutin (cheesy, gravy smothered fries), which was AMAZING (all caps). They even gave us a medium order instead of the small we actually ordered due to wait time (which, compared to most places was virtually non-existent). 
And that brings me to the service...You order at the register and, as the guy behind the counter noted, that is the only "self-serve" portion of the experience. The food is delivered as it becomes ready, and there are free refills. All of the staff were genuinely nice and very helpful. We even got the history behind the name and the mascot (I'll leave it to you to ask when you go). The atmosphere was clean and refreshing, with local art on the walls. Overall, the experience was...(you guessed it) amazing!!! Can't wait to go back and try the dinner/bistro menu soon!
Beaver Choice?

Uh...Yes, Please!

I thought it was a question...a natural mistake.

You see, I love Beavers...after all, I come from Oregon, the Beaver State (state motto - "M'mmmmm, that's some mighty tasty Beaver") and I have spent so many years pursuing Beavers, frolicking with Beavers, really, just delighting in Beavers in all their many guises!

I have stalked, trapped and released back into the wild...(I'm a conservationist) more Beavers than I can count...from adorable Golden Beavers and the elusive California Shaved Beaver to the wild and wily Crimson "Fire" Beaver...I guess you could say that I am Beaver enthusiast!

The Beautiful Carin put an end to my halcyon days of hunting wild Beavers...really, I'm much happier for it...and calmer.

That said, I was going to drop by Ted's for a wiener at lunch and saw the sign for this adorable little place (I personally think that it's no coincidence that Beaver Choice occupies a cozy little spot very near Ted's Wiener Emporium), and I thought, "Donald, let's go get us some Beaver".

Well, it turns out that Beaver Choice is a terrific little Scandinavian restaurant...for Scandinavians...like me!

As I looked over the menu, I saw things I hadn't seen since I was a kid...things I hadn't seen since I was last at that great Smorgasbord place back in Portland that I can't remember the name of...the stuff that Nordic dreams are made of!

Gravlax, Kåldolmar, Laxpudding, Fylld Lövbiff...and fries!

I had a smoked salmon sandwich that was well made, tasty and filling (oh, don't worry...I didn't upset the subtle forces of nature by eating too healthily...I had fries, too!).

While they do have several vegetarian options on the lunch menu, I would remind you that the sweet little family that owns and operates Beaver Choice is Swedish (by way of Poland)...Scandahoovian...like me...and we never met a vegetable or fruit that we didn't think was better boiled, fried, baked, distilled or fermented...just sayin.

But I am going back...the only thing better would be if these guys would open up a smorgasbord place...but then they would have to contend with me pretty much wallowing in the buffet tables...and nobody wants to see that.

Drop by Beaver Choice the next time you are in that part of the world!

Even if you're not a Beaver Enthusiast (like I am), I'm sure you'll find something to eat.
I must add my 5-star recommendation to this marvelous little establishment.  And it is little  - 5 or 6 tables.

As others have said, the "free sample" is very tasty.   And the people running the place are genuinely nice people.

I had the Pork Schnitzel with morel mushroom sauce, side of dill mashed potatoes, and my three choices of salad were spinach with garlic vinaigrette, tomato and basil salad, and green peas.  It was about $12 with tax.

VERY yummy.  I wiped my plate clean.

One MINOR negative issue:  The mashed potatoes could have used a little more butter.  They were a tad (small tad) dry-ish.  But there was plenty of mushroom gravy to soak them in, so it made up for that.  So that's why the place still gets 5 stars, even with a minor issue.

i will go back soon with my kiddos and introduce them to this very good little place to eat.

Oh - and while I was in there, three college-aged young gentlemen had just wrapped up their meal and were complimenting the chef for the awesomeness of their meals.  Always good to see that.

Go eat there - you won't be disappointed.
I love this place.  I went there with 5 others (parents, sister, brother in law, and wife) a few weeks ago due to the reviews it had received on Yelp.  Well, the name caught our attention as well.  

The food is different than what you will find anywhere else in Phoenix but anyone with a somewhat open mind about food will be impressed.  The standouts were the chicken schnitzel cordon blue, the laxpudding, seared gravlax, and the cabbage rolls.  Be sure to save a little room for the Beaver Supreme for desert.  Yum!

The star of the show though is the family that runs the place.  This isn't a super well oiled corporate food machine but it is like going to some friends family dinner.  The timing of the dishes wasn't perfect but it worked out great since we were all able to try each others dishes.  Everyone one of them make you feel welcome and appreciated which goes a long long way in a valley of restaurants with either non-caring staff or staff with attitudes.  

All in all, the food and family are great and they make you immediately feel welcome.  I wish them much success.
After seeing the sign for Beaver Choice a few months ago, I had been eager to give it a try. I finally got the chance today. 

I was impressed before even ordering. The guy behind the counter was very friendly and ready to offer suggestions. When I inquired about the salmon, he gave me a sample (along with beet and potato salads.)

The salmon was so delicious, I ended up ordering the Swedish cured salmon sandwich (complete with a sweet dill mustard dressing.) My lovely dining partner ordered the Fresh Mozzarella, salami, tomato
& basil sandwich and we decided to share an order of poutine. We both enjoyed the sandwiches and loved the poutine! 

Almost as enjoyable as the food was the service. This restaurant is owned by a family who has lived in several parts of the world. They are very friendly and willing to bend over backwards for the customers.

I am excited to go back and delight in more dishes on the menu.
YUM YUM YUM.

I couldn't stop talking about this place after I left... it was that good.  On Friday, my friend and I were on our way to go to a haunted house and she asked if I wanted to go eat some Scandinavian food.  I said what many people here in Phoenix may say and replied, "what the heck is Scandinavian food?"

Wow.  I am so glad I didn't bail on dinner.  

1) The place:  The place doesn't exactly look like some great restaurant because it is in the middle of a small strip mall and my friend directed me by saying "next to the dollar store."  However, do not let the outside appearance fool you, because deliciousness awaits inside.  The inside is clean, very straightforward, and decorated with original paintings by someone named "Maria Fry" and IKEA tables.  I like my surroundings to be basic, and my food to be bold.  That is when you can expect your food to be made with HEART. 

2) The staff:  The place is owned by a family from Sweden and they also lived in Canada for a bit (from what they tell me).  The son offers samples which is amazing because places do not do that anymore.  It is nice to know that the family is willing to whip up an amuse-bouche at the snap of a finger.  While my friend and I were standing there getting the menu details from the "captivating business man" son, I could see the family in the back, ready to make me the meal of my life.  They all had smiles, excited to aid me in my Scandinavian food adventure.

3) The food:  I got the "Kötbullar: Swedish Meatballs" which is described on the menu as: Cardamom meatballs - served traditionally with cream sauce, mashed potatoes and lingon berry preserve.

Now I have had alot of meatballs, especially in Italy, and these were definitely authentic.  I could tell the meatballs were homemade - seasoned - rolled - and cooked all by hand.  My favorite thing about the meatballs is that they were not tough or rubbery, but rather almost "fluffy" and juicy.  The sauce is like a gravy, think and creamy (mushroom?), I could have drank the stuff it was so delicious.  Mashed potatoes are complimentary to the gravy and they even have fresh seasoning in them --- something very rare in restaurants these days.  Cranberry sauce is a perfect tangy sweetness and I ate it with a bite of meatball and potatoes almost every time.  For about $10, I got all of that (2 scoops of potatoes) as well as 3 different side salad dishes!  The marinated green beans, homemade coleslaw (well everything was homemade so i should probably stop saying that haha!) and tomato salad was included in the meal!  The tomato salad was a bit peppery, but I guess I have been exposed to good tomatoes in Italy so I am a bit biased :).  I could only eat about 2/3's because it was fresh, filling, and amazing.  

My friend ordered off the 'grab and go' menu.  She got the Swedish pita and it was great!  She devoured it leaving no bite behind.  I think besides the meatballs being spectacular, there was an amazing tzatziki sauce on it.  When I compare this pita to the pitas I have eaten in AZ, Michigan, Italy, and Greece, what I appreciate the most is that Beaver Choice's pita is not greasy at all!!  It is filling and didn't make her feel like she just ate a cow afterwards.  I cannot wait to grab this to-go during lunch sometime!

I appreciate good, clean food, especially when you can taste the fact that they made and marinated everything by hand, fresh.  I cannot wait to go back and try the lunch menu :)

PS. Try the beet salad... so good, and I do not normally even like beets!

I found the menu at: http://www.beaverchoice.com/
Beaver Choice?  I'm not sure what role a beaver would choose in opening up a sandwich/Scandinavian restaurant in a strip mall in Arizona, and I'm also not sure what choice a beaver would make to serve something other than twigs and leaves, but hey, who am I to judge?

That being said, this restaurant serves delicious Swedish food at reasonable prices.  Plus, they have poutine (fries covered with gravy and cheese)!  The family used to live in Quebec and served poutine to the university students that lived nearby, so it is authentic stuff here.  

As for the Swedish items on the menu, I had heard on TV about the monstrous late night food Tunnbrodsrulle, a European style hotdog wrapped with mashed potatoes, veggies, dressing, and shrimp salad, but I had never thought I would actually get to try one without actually going to Sweden.  The ingredients sound like a weird combo, but when trying it, somehow all those ingredients seem to work to make a tasty "wrap".  The wrap was so big I could only finish about 1/3.  I also had the Beaver Choice dessert and it was delicious.  It consists of meringue, chocolate, whipped cream, and mandarin orange layered on top of one another- it is crunchy, sweet, tangy, perfect.

The family here is so nice, and they really want to make everything perfect for you.  They make everything from scratch, and they even cure their own salmon for gravlox.  I highly recommend this restaurant, and will definitely be coming here to get more delicious food!

P.S.  If you get the dinner menu to go, they give you 10% off of their already reasonable prices.
So, I've been back a few times to the Beaver Choice.  OK, more like once or twice a week.  Everybody seems to be finding out about the place.  What is most encouraging to me is that students are finding the place.

Also, on most every visit, I run into a Swede or Norwegian who are checking the place out.  What this means to me is one more Tempe restaurant with a bright future...and that's great...for me!
I recommend this place to everybody I know. Lovely family owns the place who are super nice and always willing to recommend what to try and what to pair with everything. Between my friends and I, I've tried the pork schnitzel cordon bleu, the stuffed steak, the flying jacob (or something like that), the pork schnitzel, the beaver supreme, and the swedish meatballs. Everything has been wonderful and extremely tasty (I've also heard that the gravlax is immense). Everything tastes homemade. I don't know if that explains it well enough, but when I eat there I feel like it's not restaurant food that's been dunked in butter and swiped clean from the actual feel of "food." 

It is a much smaller place as some other reviewers have said, be aware of that if you're planning on bringing a larger group. Some of the items do have to be prepared then and can take a while to make, but these are marked clearly on the menu. The prices may seem a little high but remember that you get your meal, and basically four sides with the dinner entrees. I know they sell sandwiches at lunch but have not yet tried those.  

Anyways, I can't recommend the place highly enough. I'll continue bringing my friends in the hopes that this place stays going.
Where to start?  Let's try here: 
- the family who runs the shop are amazingly friendly and helpful.  LOVE THEM
- the food is great and unique - you probably haven't had anything like it, and you need to change that
- I don't know what a beaver has to do with anything, but he's cute so who cares
- Don't let the weird plaza scare you, the place is great, and you should definitely eat in to get the full experience (crazy how good the food is becoming in this weird plaza - Ted's, Papaya, wow!)

I recommend you get over to Beaver Choice now so you can say "Remember when they were in that little location over on..."
This is VERY authentic Scandinavian food!
We have been to Sweden multiple times and, since moving to Phoenix, have bemoaned the fact that there is no Scandinavian food (unless you count IKEA).  I was thrilled to discover this place.

The pytt i panna and Laxpudding both were seasoned very similar to dishes we've ate in Sweden.  Delicious!

Let us also say that we've ate at very posh Scandinavian restaurants in New York City and this is, by far, the most authentic Swedish food we've tried.  The family who runs Beaver Choice is warm, helpful, and accommodating.  We will be going back frequently.
What a little gem!  Felt adventurous for lunch and ended up at the Beaver!  Homemade Pierogi with muchroom gravy.  Swedish meatballs with lingonberry.  CUTEST family that runs this place.  Oh! and the sample plate was great and made me have the beet salad which was sooooo good!
Ditto to what every one else has said; this place is definitely worth checking out (and re-visiting in my case!). 

In short, the food was great & reasonably priced too. My exposure to Scandenavian cuisine has been limited to Ikea, so it's nice to have somewhere that offers a little bit of Sweden right down the street from my house.

Even better than the food was the service. The family that runs the place is adorable & eager to please. They take care to give all patrons A+ service, and this certainly made an impression on me.

No doubt about it, I'll be returning with by friends to try the desserts (as I was too stuffed from my gigantic meal to even try and tackle the sweet treats!)
Who would ever guess that Beaver Choice was a Scandinavian restaurant? And across the parking lot from Ted's Hot Dogs? The convoluted naming history apparently originated from the Mascot of a University they originally were sited near in Canada. But beavers and hot dogs and Massage in the same center?

The food is unusually wonderful and  . . . unusual. The family cooks and servers are over the top friendly offering samples and telling you about all of their offerings. 

The atmosphere is uncomfortably stark, sterile, and small (less than 400 ft2). Their obvious target customer is take-it-out since they offer a 10% discount if you take-it-out. It is not a restaurant you go to to relax, sit back, and enjoy. It is so small we watched as the cook dipped his ladle into the pot, then tasted the contents, tapped the ladle on the side of the pot, added something else, tasted, tapped, and added several more times before going to another pot and repeating the process - yikes! Do yourself a favor, take the seat facing the window.
Great and friendly service and even better food.  Everything is prepared on the spot and has a delicious home cooked taste.  Personal favorites: Gravlax, Schnitzel Cordon Bleu, and Pork Tenderloin.  At the same time I always try to order a new dish because all plates are phenomenal.  The portions are huge but I  suggest saving room for dessert because it's also fresh made and the type you only find at a European baker (especially the Pannacota with lime & berries).
Hey this place got reviewed in the AZ Republic!
http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/2010/11/29/20101129beaver-choice-tempe-review.html

Check out the link!
if you're looking for Scandinavian food i can't imagine there are any other places to go.  so naturally this is the best this city has to offer.  small.  sterile, fast, and moderately priced.  all things ikea naturally....lol  but the food and the staff are the real stars here.  
overly friendly staff, family of fun swedes !  mom is great and the spokesperson, christian takes the orders and is more than talkative and charming.  plus he was wearing a santa hat!  i got the special, which was a meat perogie plus peas, saurkraut and cole slaw....all really tasty.  my friends got a chicken schnitzel and some swedish meatballs.  and wow!  all the food was really great!  the mashed potatoes were delicious and hey this is not your typical strip mall food flavors.  so it was a big bonus to discover this place.  and like most others who are writing reviews it's prob. gonna be a place i will revisit.  bring some out of town visitors here to give some them something unique .
OK folks on Yelp!  Help me out here.  I go to the Beaver Choice quite often and have noticed as more and more people go to the place, fewer and fewer people understand what the place is about.

The Beaver Choice is made to order homemade food.  They peel and boil their own potatoes.  They make their own sauces.  Everything is fresh.  I have seen restaurants popping cooking bags into a microwave or broiler oven.  Sure, it's quick, but it's not homemade and it tastes mushy and bland.

So, I waited 40 minutes last Wednesday for my meal.  I sat at a big table for 8, first by myself and then joined by some other people.  We chatted, got to know each other and as we made some conversation...I realized how loud the restaurant was.  Everyone was talking.  Sure some were eating, some were, like us, waiting for their order, but we were all talking at a restaurant. It was like being back in the Midwest.  That joyful noise!

As was said about another local place, Monarch Cafe, in a recent interview.  If you go there at noon and expect to get out by 12:45p, this is not going to be your place.  Sure, the Beaver Choice has a Grab and Go menu with wraps and sandwiches, but it's meant for "to go."  If you want the schnitzel or the pork tenderloin in the gin and cream sauce, it is definitely worth the wait.

So, yes, you will most likely wait a little longer than some other restaurants.  And yes, the wait will be worth it.  Homemade and made to order will take a little longer, but it will most certainly be worth it.  And you might just meet a few really great people sitting next to you.
The food at Beaver Choice Scandinavian Bistro is delicious; a little unusual, but easily understood. Hearty and reasonably priced. You can find out all about it at azcentral.com in an article by Howard Seftel. Then, after reading this survival guide, you should go and try it.

     Things you will need:
 1. An afternoon or evening with no commitments other than your meal. This could take a long, long time.
 2. A pen and a piece of paper on which to write your order (along with an alternate choice).
 3. Dining companions who all enjoy the same foods and are willing to eat off the same plate.
 4. A snack to tide you over until your food arrives.
 5. A sense of humor (but try not to laugh out loud),

     Here's our experience:

     Four of us entered the small, 20 seat restaurant at 12:10. There were six other people seated at the minimalist glass top tables. A large, and very appetizing looking catering order was taking up another table. We were given menus and told to order at the counter. There were many, many choices of entrees (a few warned that they would take between 20 and 35 minutes to prepare - we avoided those), and each one came with a choice of four side dishes. You can see why a paper and pen might come in handy. Ken went to place our order, but he had to wait for three other people who had arrived before him. It took a while.  Then he was told that my entree choice was not available because they had run out of gravlax. I came up with another selection, and Ken went back to the counter - where another group of people had taken his place and were ordering. Another wait, then my second choice wasn't available either. The sauce had to be reduced and wouldn't be ready until Tuesday. I figured I'd be safe with a third choice of Swedish meatballs, so I yelled over to Ken who saw that each of our orders was being written on a separate piece of paper. Odd.

     We settled in to wait for our food. Our drinks were brought to the table. Sena's eyes popped when she sipped the pitch black coffee. The waitress said it was always that strong and that there was no milk or half and half available, but she could bring out some heavy cream. I noticed that food was coming out of the kitchen painfully slowly. One dish to one table, a while later, one dish to a different table. Companions were left twiddling their thumbs. It so reminded me of Hell's Kitchen - I could hear Gordon Ramsey going ballistic: "Shut it down you &*#$%!!!!" . At about 1 PM my Swedish Meatballs were delivered. I put the plate in the middle of the table and invited everybody to dig in. Luckily the servings are large. We finished that off and waited another ten minutes before Sena's chicken schnitzel arrived. That too was shared. At about 1:35 Ken's entree was brought. That left Leon, who had ordered Tilapia. We flagged down the owner and told her that we had a 2 PM engagement and would like our remaining dish. She said she'd look into it, went into the kitchen and was not seen again. A while later another staff member came over and told us that there had been a large catering order, that they had only a six burner stove  and that 2 employees had called in sick. I mentioned that I didn't think it was right to serve some people at a table and not others. "This is the way we do it, we're not going to change it, and Howard Seftel thought it was all right", was the emphatic reply. More waiting. At 1:50 a different staff member came over and said it would be a few more minutes. To our disconcerted rumblings he said - and you're not going to believe this - "The fish has to be defrosted slowly because of the parasites...."  At this point, I'll confess, I started to laugh loudly and somewhat
hysterically. It may have been rude, but I couldn't help myself. 

     We were out of time, so Leon decided he'd take the fish to go. Ken went up to the counter and gave one of my Valley Vittles cards to the "parasite" staff member, saying that the food was great but the service terrible. At which point the staff member had a melt-down, yelled at Ken to get out of his restaurant, then went slamming through the kitchen kicking something on the way out. 

     This was truly one of the oddest dining experiences I've ever had. Very Alice in Wonderland. But if you go equipped with the five items mentioned above, you'll have some excellent food.
Following up on the recent review by another Yelper:

This is not a "fast food sit-down" experience.  Food is cooked when you order, by a small but caring staff, and the dishes come out when they are ready.  

Nothing is going to sit for a while under a heat lamp until every dish for that table is ready.

It's more of a "sit down and stay a while" experience, especially if there are several groups in the place at the time.

So, adapt accordingly, and you will love the food here and the people who run the place just like all the other 5-star reviewers before you.
Oh my!!!!!
We just learned recently, The Beaver Choice does catering as well.  We took a "small" Sandwich Cake"...IT WAS HUGE and a HUGE hit at the Christmas Party we went to last evening.  Everyone was in awe of it.  How do I describe such a thing.  Let me try.  Lots of delicious sandwich spreads,,,really more like salads...you know egg, tuna or crab salad.  They even make them with ham or roast beef too.  

Ours had tuna and egg salad nestled between cake layers of bread,  Then to top it off...a light spread of mayonnaise as frosting and then it was topped with shrimp, dill sprigs and some luscious caviar as well.

We talked to Hannah a few days in advance of our party and she handled everything.  The "cake" was ready when we arrived shortly after 5p yesterday and was kept cool in their refrigerator case.  It was stunningly beautiful and I regret only that I forgot to get a picture of it.

The cake is beautiful to look at and people at the party certainly ate first with their eyes and then of course, they devoured it quickly.

Just a note.  A sandwich cake is not finger food and will require a plate and fork.  But oh, so delicious.  It was a creative and unique culinary highlight to the evening.

Thanks so much for your work on this.  It made the party so much more festive.  Way to go!
Silly name, friendly staff, small interior, generous portion, fresh flavorful ingredients, good value for the money. I had the Gordon's Wrap off the to-go menu - seasoned chicken (thigh?), lettuce, tomato, cucumber, potato salad wrapped in a tortilla. It came out within a few minutes. Only downside was that it was a bit messy and falling apart with all that goodness contained by a thin tortilla, but quite tasty! I couldn't imagine staying for a sit-down meal because as others have mentioned it feels more like a carry-out place, but I may have to try it next time. Oh, and they have signs up saying they are addressing concerns about the wait times for orders which I think shows they care. Good for them -hope it works.
This is my hands-down favorite restaurant. It's not the most speedy, but as one reviewer said it never sees a heat lamp - straight from the stove to your table.
I love this place like crazy wild good times. It's not open on Mondays and that makes me sad. For some reason I always want to front-load my week with some Beaver Choice. But the fact that they have the only authentic Scandinavian food for miles (suck it, IKEA!) makes up for this common small biz quirk. Plus it's owned by some of the hardest working, nicest folks in the business. Real Swedes making real Swedish food that will bend over backwards to make sure you're satisfied with your experience.

Get the gravlax. The lady in charge buys only the best and cures it by hand, and for the price there's no better lox in town. Get the schnitzel. Get the lunch wraps for super cheap. Just get your ass there. It's freakin' fantastic and you will not regret the decision. 

Be forewarned that this place is a walk-up, order-at-the-counter type joint. It's not full service so you won't be bothered every two seconds to see if "everything's okay" when you have a mouthful of Swedish meat-a-balls. You might have to get up and, like, walk back to the counter if you want a refill of something. Oh the horror.

In parting, do it. Do it fast. Do it furious. And do it with great frequency.

Beaver Choice!!
Buying Gift Certificates for my friends from the Beaver Choice!  I just found out yesterday, they HAVE GIFT CERTIFICATES!!!  Now, I can introduce my friends to this fabulous food.  Consider yourself lucky if you are on Santa's Nice List!!!!
The hubs and I were looking for something delicious and local and so we turned to Yelp for help. Once again, Yelpers, you have helped us discover one of the wonders of the world. Beaver Choice is the best place in Tempe for eats. Hands down! We were greeted by a heart-warmingly kind Swedish family that cooks Scandinavian food with pride and care. We were immediatley welcomed, offered samples, patiently guided through the menu. I asked the darling guy at the counter what he had for dinner and he said he had the schnitzel cordon bleu. Done, I said. The hubs cannot pass up a meatball opportunity, so he had the swedish meatball plate. They schnitzel cordon bleu is UNBELIEVABLE, people. I dare anyone not to love it. Crisped, tender, juicy schnitzel, high quality, smoky ham and a dash of brie, accompanied by a heavenly, light, mushroom sauce. Oh, god. I'm not describing this right, You have to try it. Wow. Okay I'm going after I finish this review. Served with the giant double-portion of stuffed schnitzel were a basil-tomato salad, a coleslaw chock full of fresh dill and a bean salad featuring chopped parsely. The fresh herbs were so amazing alongside the hearty meat dish. Just delicious. It also came with a side of rosti'--a sort of hash brown cooked in some butter to a crisp. The hub's meatball plate was outstanding as well, but you'll have to ask him about it--my meal was too incredible to look away from. 

Bottom line: Kind people, amazing food, huge portions, reasonable prices. This is as good as it gets. My choice will always be Beaver.
Yes really one star...there food is generous portions (albeit very salty), cheap and pretty tasty. However operationally they are an EPIC fail. The three of us waited 5 minutes for drinks, 20 minutes for the first entree, additional 10 minutes for second entree and even an additional 10 minutes for the third entree. Orders were wrong, some of the food was cold (e.g. peas, etc.), never got offered refills, ordering is slow confusing arduous process, fishing for entrees (server doesn't know who has what), all empty tables were filthy (we started to clean the one we were sitting at), etc.  I could be forgiving given that the this is a strip mall bistro but not with everything going wrong (especially the wait times). They could really use Gordon Ramsey to fix the operational problems. 

Other than being tasty the food was good including the Swedish meatballs, pork schnitzel and hash entrees (the hash was especially salty and even on the spicy side). The sides ranged from mediocre (e.g. cold peas) to pretty decent (e.g. pan fried potatoes, mashed potatoes, slaw, etc.). The plates are large and full and certainly could be shared between two people and the price is pretty reasonable.  However it is just tough to get around dirty tables and the wait. So unless I am itching for Swedish food I'll pass on Beaver Choice.
Food is excellent-- 4 stars.  Service was terrible--0 stars.  Timing between all of us getting out main dishes was 15-20 (i.e. none of our main dishes came at the same time).  BTW, the name of this place is not great and from a marketing perspective, does not make sense.
We stopped by based on Yelp reviews about a month ago. We loved this place, it's got a real great feel, from the friendly staff who are passionate about their food and explain the process, offer samples to the fact that they clearly are swedes. The food was excellent. Our entrees did not come out together, but the staff explained that they bring the food out as it's ready, and since they do as much as possible from scratch, the dishes have different preparation time. Having all the food at the same time is nice, but I'll take this authentic style over heat and serve mass productions.
The food and staff rate 5 stars. The only downsides to me, were the Ikea-style plastic furniture and coffee in styrofoam cups - a little investment on both would make this an absolute solid five-star bistro!
This is great when you are in the mood for something different.  As with any family-run hole in the wall, service can be slow, so be prepared.  What the staff lacked in speed, they made up for in charm and smiles.  The food was good, but nothing that wowed me.  I had the pierogis while my friend had swedish meatballs.  Both dishes were tasty, as were the side dishes.  One thing that was disappointing was that the food was a a little cold (lukewarm) when it came out.  Maybe the chef or the staff was having an off day.  The restaurant itself is bright and clean.  I will go back again when I feel like eating outside the box.
What a great little spot! I don't often eat Scandinavian food, but that might all change after today. The family that runs Beaver Choice has charmed me with their delicious food and friendly spirits. I can agree with some other reviews and say that the food did take a good amount of time to get served, but Beaver Choice has heard that cry and they are trying to work on it (Also, when I ordered off of the Grab & Go menu, I got my sandwich very quickly). 

The lady and I ordered a Swedish Meatball Pita and the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu to share. The food knocked the socks off anything IKEA had to offer in it's cafeteria! The pita was loaded, and I mean loaded with fresh veggies and about three meatballs per half. For a mere $5, that's a steal for a sandwich that doesn't make you feel like you just ate a grease-soaked sponge. Now, make sure you go before 6pm if that sparked you're interest because they switch to the dinner-only menu after that. What about the schnitzel, you ask? Yum! It was basically a flattened cordon bleu covered in a very nice mushroom sauce. Every bite was very tasty, but there is a pork variation that I wish we would have gotten. Apparently the owners put the chicken version on the menu to appease non-pork eating individuals, so the pork is the original for them. Along with the schnitzel there were a few different salads (all of which were fresh loaded with crisp red onion) and a side of pan-fried thyme potatoes. I want to just eat a big bowl of those because they were that good to me. They were simple, light and flavorful.

Beaver Choice. Remember that name and go check it out! It was good, but be patient. They are new and they'll get their groove thang going soon enough. Lastly, make sure you write them a review! I know I can't be the only one to be excited about multiple "schnitzel" references in a single review!
We had to be patient because it was pretty busy and their ordering system was a bit chaotic.

I ordered the chicken cordon bleu and the bf ordered the burger with cognac dressing.

Our salads were spinach, tomato basil, peas, and green beans. Stay away from the green beans, they were terrible - however everything else was tasty.

The owner offered us samples of salmon, beet salad and potato salad. I like it all might try it next time. The mashed potatoes were delish not too buttery which I like. The ambiance was super weird in my opinion, nothing matched, the colors were off...but I saw the "regulars" and newbies and it was nice to support a local new restaurant.

The "waitress" had on this weird smock that the owners make her wear and it seemed a tad humiliating...I'm a little split on this place, a lot of good but a lot of weird/bad things made me feel funny.

Hopefully they will find their groove soon and make it a more smoother and enjoyable experience.
beaver choice is not a restaurant, it's an experience!  yeah, it takes a while, and it is a bit chaotic, BUT the food is amazing, the people are hilarious.  if you just decide to pull the stick out of your ass and relax, you can't help but smile the entire time you are there.

be sure to try the (life changing) potato salad
and the beaver balls are also quite delicious

beaver choice is the only choice
Just go here, now. I really mean it.....go.

Real Scandinavian folk, homemade and insanely good food.

Be prepared to wait a bit for your food. Each dish is made to order so enjoy some good conversation in the mean time.
The family here really made me feel at home. They also did a great job of making me feel like a valued guest. I had the pork schnitzel cordon bleu. It was awesome, I pretty much ate every morsel that was served.
Had captains fish and poutine...both were very good.  The sauerkraut tasted homemade and the cheese Kurds were different!  The place is run by a small Swedish family, very friendly but amateurs for sure; adds to the charm of the place.  Very small only 4 to 5 tables from ikea :-)
Not really vegetarian friendly bi
Ut Bo surprise there!  I would go again!
Sometimes, it is just wonderful to be alive.  Actually, all the time it's wonderful to be alive.  Life is amazing, the weather is gorgeous outside, I am or think I am getting better at tennis, my girlfriend loves her job and I love that she is bringing in money for the first time in 5 years, 3 years later I can finally convince myself that bright red is not too girly a color for the car I drive, and I found a restaurant that serves food so good that I want to photoshop some incriminating photos of the husband so that I can court the owner-chef Hanna, marry her, and keep all her food to myself.  As that would be a terrible thing to do and that I don't think I'm really spouse material and that I have no game whatsoever, instead I will eat here whenever I think I deserve an amazing meal and spread the word on how awesome Beaver Choice is!

On to my actual experience, I start with a phone call asking general questions about their restaurant, and engage in a nearly 8 minute dialogue analyzing what I like and ordering based upon their recommendation.  This also creates a 10% discount by ordering over the phone for pick up off their bistro menu, which is nice for my lunch hour.  I wound up picking the Chicken with Cardamom
sauce, perfectly seared slices of chicken then simmered
in cardamom accented, heavy creme sauce.  The chicken was perfectly cooked, with the seared outside giving a pleasant mouthfeel, yielding to the moist and tender inner portion, all swimming in that wonderful sauce.  You can choose a side dish and 3 portions of salad to go with your entree.  Couscous was heavenly, absorbing all the juices of the chicken and mopping up the sauce in its fluffy goodness.  Tomato-basil salad was fine, but too peppery.  The spinach salad was straightforward and competent, and home-made coleslaw was tastier than most I've had.  Very filling and extremely satisfying, I would bathe in that cardamom sauce if I could.  

One note I need to make, a previous review had slammed Hanna for tasting something she was making, and using the same spoon for tasting something else.  When I arrived I mentioned I heard about them on Yelp and mentioned this review, which prompted resulted in me being ushered into her kitchen to proudly display a set of about a dozen spoons at the ready for tasting.  Also of note there are no microwaves!  The pride in their food is entirely justified, yelpers.  The only thing to be aware of is the time involved to prepare your food, but ordering in will alleviate that, or simply set aside plenty of time.  

Choose Beaver Choice.  You won't regret it.
Don't let the name deceive you. Beaver Choice is an EXCELLENT dining experience. 

My girlfriend and I decided on a whim to give it a shot (after making the obligatory puns and double entendre's on the name). After staring at the menu for two minutes, trying desperately to decipher what we were to have, we gave up and asked the guy behind the counter's advice. His name was Chris and he was extremely helpful. He sold us with free samples, rather than descriptions of the plate. 

I ordered the gravlax; my girlfriend ordered the laxpudding. We entrusted the quality of our meal to the word of Chris and the small sample we tasted, because, in my mind, the ingredients had no business being together in one dish. Both dishes were based on lox, aka smoked salmon. 

We were both pleasantly surprised at the dish that greeted each of us a few minutes later. The food was EXCELLENT! And while not the cheapest dinner in the world, you get an enormous bang for your buck. Your plate is literally stacked with food. Kudos if you finish it all. 

Bottomline: Beaver Choice has a weird-ass name, but it serves some of the best food in Tempe. We will be back for sure, and I encourage each of you to give it a shot. I guarantee you won't come away disappointed!
Had lunch here with two friends. We arrived right at opening time (noon on Sunday) and, as expected, there was a bit of a wait for our food. But the wait was definitely worth it! With such an interesting menu I'll definitely be back!
I'm sorry but I just did not like this place. The staff was very friendly. But the food. Not to my liking. My BF enjoyed his burger. The fries with gravy were OK, but didn't have a lot of flavor. I thought everything was pretty bland.
Very yummy! That is all I can say. Well, come with patience. :)
We found this places by mistake.  Service was awesome, portions were huge. We got the perogies,corden bleu, and poutin and the desserts looked amazing. Ill be there again!
I first visited Beaver Choice on a whim a few months back when I was searching for something new to try. I called in on a Friday night and ended up ordering the Swedish-cured Salmon Sandwich following a recommendation from the person over the phone. I am thrilled that I made this choice and thoroughly enjoyed my generous portion of excellent cured salmon. In the weeks to follow, I returned twice more to Beaver Choice, each time ordering a new dish. The Chicken Cordon Bleu was fantastic and lived up to all of my expectations, while the Laxpudding was just as savory and delicious as was described to me by the son of the owners. I feel fortunate to live in such close proximity to Beaver Choice and I absolutely love every single menu item I have sampled in my many visits. They are exceedingly friendly, open, and honest when meeting with customers. Anyone who complains about service or wait times has only themselves to blame. If they tell you over the phone that the wait could be at least 90 minutes, they mean it! That's the result of every dish being made on the spot and to perfection. They do not cut corners and they do not deviate from recipe. I have nothing but good things to say about this establishment. Their desserts are likewise delectable and the cooks are always willing to allow you to sample a dish if you're indecisive about anything (ex: my girlfriend had never had a swedish meatball and wanted me to order some, I simply asked one of the sons if it would be possible to sample one and they included it with my meal without so much as a second thought and no charge). Upon my next visit I MUST try their Lemon, Herbs, Olive Oil, and Pink Pepper Marinated Salmon as I have yet to be fortunate enough to visit on a date when they have not completely sold out of this menu item! I cannot wait for my next meal at Beaver Choice and I suggest anyone/everyone give it a try if you truly enjoy delicious, homemade food.
I am now asking myself why it took so long to make the first trip to Beaver Choice.  Live and learn, my friends, live and learn.

To break my Swedish cuisine cherry I ordered the standard Kotbullar (Swedish meatball) plate.  It came with 3 side salads, a side and a small dish of very tart lingon berry preserve.  For the salads I chose tomato-basil salad, home made coleslaw and green peas.  For the side I chose two scoops of dill mashed potatoes.  All made perfect company for the 6 meatballs that served as the focal point of the dish.  The food was very good for $11.21 I had a hearty lunch that will surely hold me over for quite some time.  My belly is full and I feel like a nap (if only I was not departing for work shortly!).

Service was top notch.  The kid working the register was very friendly and answered my questions pertaining to the menu.  He was friendly and chatty with all customers.  I was told my lunch would take 15 minutes but it was more like 10.  There looks to be a few complaints here regarding service time but there's always a wait for good food.  If you want pre-cooked meals sitting under a UV light then go to McDonald's.

A nice touch is the IKEA decor.  Tables, chairs, table service and little Swedish flags.  Fitting.

I will be back at Beaver Choice in the not too distant future.  The only debate will be getting the meatballs again or trying something new.
Everything was great here. If you're missing northern European fare, you'll hit the jackpot with this place. They have pirogies! Ohhh...sweet pirogies.
Everything was amazing and I don't mind the long wait because the food is totally worth it, if you can't call in your order before hand. The staff and owner are very interesting to talk to and love what they do. I'll be going back!
Hands down some of the best food in the valley. Even if you're not familiar with Scandinavian cuisine the staff is extremely helpful/friendly and there are a wealth of more traditional options.

The food is fresh, carefully prepared, absolutely delicious and served up with great sides. 

My favorite? The surf and turf hamburger (one of the only hamburgers I've never felt the need to put catchup on btw), served with the (included) couscous side, steamed broccoli, green peas, and green beans.  

Like all good food, it takes time to prepare. While this isn't the ideal place if you're in a rush, if you enjoy friendly people and good food made with loving care - this is definitely a must visit.  Hands down one of Tempe's hidden gems.
So I went here tonight with a friend. I was really excited and nervous to try this place after reading the reviews. So you walk in and walk up to the counter to order. I got the chicken with cardamom sauce and my friend got a hamburger (boring!). So you also get to choose a side and three salads. I got the mashed potatoes, the tomato and basil salad, the spinach, and the broccoli. So the chicken was really good, especially with the mashed potatoes. As good as this was, though, the salads were the best part. The tomato basil was really flavorful and fresh and the spinach was really good with the honey mustard dressing. The broccoli was just that, plain broccoli... so not awesome, but not bad. My friend really enjoyed his burger and said that he does not usually like salad, but liked the salads here. So overall this place was really good and I will definitely be back to try other menu items in the future. All the people who work there are really friendly and they all have accents... very authentic. Oh, and I didn't try them, but they also sell chocolate beaver balls... actual name.
OMG I love this place. Places like these are the kind I live for. Its the diamond in the rough, the hole in the wall, the place you aren't too sure about and find that you love. The staff is incredibly polite, accommodating, and helpful. When we went in we were on a diet. We walked in close to closing time, but were more than happy to serve us anything we wanted. They were happy to make us fresh food that suited our diet. Anything that we were interested in that didn't fit the needs of our diet, they were eager to make what we wanted work or make other suggestions. The food is delicious. I can't wait to go back to this place again and again and again.
I had a ball here. The staff is just a family that loves making their special food for you.

It is different too. I've never had anything like it and I don't know anywhere else in town that has something this different. But then again, I might not get out much! Ha!

Get here now!
On a fine Saturday had to make it out to this spot I kept hearing Beaver Choice is the best... I entered the restaurant everyone was so friendly you could tell everyone cared about what they were doing and wanted to put out the best product they could. I ordered the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon-Bleu (Half a pound double chicken schnitzel stuffed with French brie cheese and black forest ham served with a mushroom sauce. Severed with one side I went with the Pan Fried Thyme Potatoes along with three side salads I went with the Homemade Coleslaw, Marinated Green Beans and Sauerkraut... It was one of the best meals I have had in a long time it's hard to find home cooked meals when you're not at home. I will be back for sure I still need to try a beaver cookie.
This is now one of my favorite places in Tempe.  It is definitely a hidden gem.  Don't judge this place by any other criteria than the taste and quality of the food, although my pork tenderloin could have used a bit more seasoning (salt).  Just, honest, fresh, tasty food.  Menu options that will satisfy many food preferences including vegetarian and gluten-free.  And, it will not leave a huge dent on your wallet.  Don't expect service to be comparable to "pro" run restaurants.  It is a very small (seats less than 30) independently owned and, I believe, family run.  They are very friendly and accommodating.  Leave your pretensions at the door and you will have a great experience.
So um we really, really wanted some Swedish meatballs one day. Then low and behold we landed at Beaver Choice. Best. Accident. Ever.

This is a family owned business. We were the only guests. The Scandianvian son fawned on us. We had to sample EVERYTHING. I mean we had two heaping full plates of samples, before we were allowed to order. He insisted! It was so amazingly awkward. 

Truly though, very gracious people. It's a gem of a place.
I love this little place, i hope the family who owns and operates it will prosper for a long time
Review #100 

        I knew I was coming up to the century mark here on Yelp, and I've been trying to think of what I'd want my hundredth to be... something different for sure... but I just wasn't coming up with anything. Then, on some random night, Kristen and I head out to Ted's Hot Dogs and there I see it... completely unassuming and somewhat hidden, a sign that reads "Beaver Choice". Remembering seeing it on Yelp a bit lately, I ask if we can, she nods, and we're off. Beaver Choice is one of those culinary miracles that I'm so glad I stumble upon occasionally, and I knew as soon as I left that it must be the illusive "hundredth review". 
        From the moment we walked in we felt like family... I'm a little surprised I didn't end up getting a hug, the people who run the establishment are bright and chock full of attitude, quirky attitude, if you don't have a lot of experience with people from different nations you could possibly see some of it as rude, just toughen up people, unless you're doing something silly, all they want to do is serve you well. 
        The atmosphere is nothing amazing, this is not The Palm, but it is very homey, it feels like you're walking into someones dining room. A lot of the furniture and dining accessories are from Ikea, which is cute because it's from Sweden, and they have a bunch of games you can play while you wait, they aren't trying to pretend they're a quick restaurant, everything is fresh and can take a while. 
        The food! The food is amazing. Everything I've had from the coleslaw to the potatoes to the meatballs has been wonderful. I wholeheartedly recommend the pork schnitzel cordon bleu, this thing was so simple and tasty, it's not some over-sauced or over-seasoned dish, it's fresh, quality food that speaks for itself without being covered up by a million ingredients. Also high on the list are the supremely flavorful swedish meatballs, get a chunk of meat on your fork, plow it through the potatoes then dip it in the lingonberry preserve and let me know how heaven was. The coleslaw is not your typical slaw, it is house made and much better, the thyme potatoes came in a huge portion and were delish, and the tomato basil salad was tasty even to a guy who hates tomatoes, like me. 
          I'm not sure how much more I could drool over this place... huge portions, very good food, fair pricing and amazing staff. Beaver Choice just has it all.
First things first. Can anyone say the name 'Beaver Choice' without snickering a little behind their hand? 

Ok, now that I've gotten that out of my system, I adore Beaver Choice! Today was our second experience with them and it is quickly becoming a favorite. 

This is not a restaurant to judge by appearances because, let's face it, the appearance is anything but high class. From the awkward beaver paintings on the front windows (at least I THINK that thing is a beaver...), to the flimsy dining tables and chairs, to the artwork on the walls that range from nice floral paintings to 'I'm bored and I'm going to paint a color tornado!'. I'm not a huge stickler for ambiance in a restaurant, but this place could definitely use a face-lift. 

BUT 

The food is the real story here and it is definitely worth writing home about. They have a fairly decently sized menu with with items for the faint-of-heart and adventurous palette alike. On this particular trip, my friend had the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu ($10.75). One look at their website and you know that they are proud of this puppy, and justifiably. The combination of perfectly crispy, brown schnitzel, brie and ham is divine. Her only complaint was that it was a little too greasy. 

I opted for Jansson's Temptation ($10.75). Mind you, I'm the kind of person who tends to gravitate towards the most seemingly unusual item on the menu.  We're talking anchovies, potatoes, onions and cream all baked into a surprisingly delicious treat. It is not very fishy at all, but is really more like a rich hash with hints of salt from the anchovies. It was perhaps a little overdone (the top was more crispy than I would have liked), but I would absolutely order it again. I found it particularly amusing that the owner felt it necessary to come out and check on me a few times to make sure I liked it. I promise, Ma'am, it was wonderful! The only reason I only ate half was because it was huge and very heavy. I'm thinking that other half is going to end up a midnight snack. 

If you want something similar but aren't quite up for anchovies yet, try the Laxpudding ($10.75), which is sort of like a potato fritter with salmon. I had it last time and it is also outstanding, especially with the amazing mustard that was served with it. I have no idea what that mustard was, but I want more! 

In addition to the already massive entrees, you get a side and three salads. I won't go into much on these, because they are pretty straight forward. You know what green beans are. No surprises. However, when you order, you are doing yourself a GRAVE disservice if you fail to order the tomato-basil salad. Perhaps my favorite thing on the entire menu. It is extraordinarily fresh and the combination of herbs and oil make it completely to die for. In fact, for my side salads this time, I got broccoli and two orders of the tomato-basil salad. Next time? Probably three. 

Finally, we finished off our meal by sampling the beaver balls ($1 each) and the beaver cookies ($1.50 each). The beaver balls were ok. Honestly, not much more to say about them than that. They were chocolate, so you can't go wrong there, but other than that, kind of boring. The beaver cookies, were a complete surprise. I haven't the first idea what kind of cookies they are, but they had a slightly caramel flavor to them and they were a light, crispy texture. Looking at them, I expected them to be crunchier, but they were just perfect. Sandwiched between the two cookies is a lime-y cream that was very tart and smooth and complimented the cookie perfectly. They were a wonderful way to round off a great meal. 

Beaver Choice has recently started a loyalty program. I would recommend joining up, even if it's just your first visit. Don't worry. You'll be back.
It's Swedish. That's why it's called Beaver Choice, that's why it's got a friendly Beaver painted on the window, and that's why you have board games to play "while you wait for your food".

The people running the restaurant couldn't be nicer nor more helpful in explaining the menu - they really love being there and it shines through everywhere. Their schnitzel is legitimate and delicious. Order off the (more) Swedish menu and take their advice.
Great food, great service, very interesting menu with many many choices.  Price was decent, only complain might be the place is a little too small and gets busy very quickly.  In fact, go there at opening time to get a seat and get served fast.

Keep up the good work of trying to introduce a new taste to the SW.
DAM, we can't wait to eat at the Beaver again! it's true! it's true!

But before I tell you how great it was a few things need to be mentioned. I was teetering between 4-5 stars on this one because of the European Style Service and I had to forgive them for using canned green beans in the green bean salad. However because of the really over the top seasoning of the prepared foods we tried and the UNIQUENESS of this Quirky one of a Kind place it deserves five stars. You also need to know that this is a Tiny Mom and Pop shop in a strip mall that is BYOB SCANDINAVIAN Bistro that makes your meals fresh to order and when we were the only order it took at least half and hour to prepare. This is not a fancy place and they provide some games like Yahtzee to play with while you wait.

We ordered the Chicken Schnitzel and the Gravlax platter,the platters come with THREE SIDE SALADS EACH and A SIDE DISH!

I had the Gravlax and it was sliced very thin was very fresh and very flavorful I think anyone who eats Lox would like the Gravlox here. For my side salads I picked the house made cole slaw,it was very light and fresh no creamy heavy sauce(it was very good) , tomato basil salad, it was very fresh with lots of fresh basil and yummy balsamic , Peas (just plain) and for my side dish I picked the rosti potato. THAT POTATO was DELICIOUS but was SO LARGE it could feed a small country I could only eat about 1/4 of it.

My husband had the regular chicken schnitzel it was pounded thin , breaded just right and came with a side of mushroom sauce,It tasted very good. One of the sides he picked was the green bean salad and I noticed they are canned green beans, that really is my only slight complaint on any food here.

They don't sell any desserts that are day old here only fresh made and they have the good humor to sell a dessert called Beaver Balls.
What a wonderful place to have Dinner. Our daughter found this place because it had alot of gluten free items. The people who run this place are the nicest and most genuine people you will ever meet. Don't be fooled by the location in a strip mall. The food was absolutely to die for! Talk about Scandinavian home cooking at its best, well here it is. There are some real surprise dishes well worth the wait for them to cook, just like you would at grandmas house! Wow, what a treat this place was, check it out!
Talk about comfort food! Its not the kind you get at home, but definitely makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside. I had the pork cordon bleu schnitzel with dill mashed potatoes, tomato basil salad, sauerkraut and spinach salad. The pork was thin with a delicate, slightly golden, crispy batter. Once you cut into it, there is just a slight ooze of cheese, not too much, but just enough. You can't go wrong with mash potatoes, but these were uber good with the dill. All of the salads were just "okay" to me and they balance out the creamy pork and potatoes. I still give it a 5 because the specialty is the main dish.
I hope they realize how hard it was for me to get here to eat. Between my girlfriend feeling unsure and my friend who isn't into the cuisine, it took a lot of conniving and evil planning to finally have a taste. I was not disappointed in the slightest and was plenty happy with the service. I had wish I got the cashier's name, but he felt like someone you could just hang out with if he wasn't working. It was my first time there and I felt like I'd been eating there for ages! 

Looking at the pictures of the food, I had no doubt that I would love this place already. I had such confidence that I signed up for their membership plan already. Me and my girlfriend both ordered the chicken schnitzel cordon bleu and enjoyed every bit of it. The humor of it all is that she hates mushrooms, but loved the gravy.

Now, despite my rave for the place, I do have a couple minor misgivings. (a brave thing after just giving them my phone number and full name). I ordered some poutine as an appetizer and we both liked it (her more than me). I think the fries should have had more of a crunch when they came out. Before I'm beaten with a tire iron because the fries are coated in gravy, just hear me out. I took a bite off a piece that had no gravy, so I'm not a complete idiot here. Like someone else posted, the canned green beans weren't the best, but the spicing did help it quite a bit. I blame my history of eating green beans out of a can when I was a kid so it was a little off putting for me.

I give it a 4 1/2 out of 5 and I look forward to eating here again.

Gotta go, I got a beaver ball with my name on it!
Great family atmosphere with super friendly staff. Everyone was enjoying themselves. BYOB! always a plus. Plenty to eat. You will be stuffed! Desserts as well. Reservations recommended. Just a great local place with great international food.
Finally I had a chance to check this place out for lunch.  I was intrigued to find a Scandinavian restaurant in town since I'm from Norwegian heritage.  I ordered the meatball sandwich with the potato salad which was really delicious!!  The place was clean, the service was friendly, and I love the fact that they have games to play while you eat.  Just a cute little Mom and Pop restaurant.  I can't wait to return and try out some different dishes.
Best authentic made when you order Scandinavian food ever! Forget ikea! Lol. This is fresh -  delicious - great service and super friendly owners and family! I will bring all my friends and family here for years to come without hesitation! 

This place does not cut corners. They make the food only once it has been ordered. This is a truly a great place and I never write reviews since finding amazing places is rare for me. This place makes it worth sharing! Go try it! 5 stars!
The food is excellent and fresh! The staff are genuine and honest folks. I love to support the independent restaurants. The deserts are tasty and not heavy. Made from wholesome ingredients with love. Take the time and awaken your taste buds to this awesome Scandinavian cafe. Most enjoyable!
This place is excellent! I had the falafel pita and wanted to die of happiness mid-first-bite. The desserts looked yummy, too. The staff here is amazingly friendly as well.

The food does take a while (at least 20 minutes) and there isn't a ton of seating. Of course, I love waiting for food and I hardly ever go out to eat with a part over 4, so this doesn't bother me at all. I will return to Beaver Choice again and again. :-)
Don't let the name fool you, this place is actually really tasty! Owned by a cute Swedish family, they offer up great food at good prices! Be sure to try the cardamon chicken!
There aren't many places to eat Swedish food; I am delighted that Beaver Choice has chosen Tempe as their home.  We arrived at Beaver Choice before 6:30PM on a Friday night.  While waiting for our table, we decided to order our food first.  I had ordered the chicken cordon bleu schnitzel.   My friends had the Kottbullar (Swedish meatballs), pork schnitzel, and angus burger.  After sitting at our table for over an hour patiently waiting for our food, we noticed a large group came after us had all their food served.   We started to wonder when our food will come out.   The owner's son ensured us that it will be out soon.  After another 30 minutes had gone by, the owner came out to apologize that our ticket got stick in the back of the large group.  As a consolation we were offered the Quebec Poutine on the house.  We were starving by now.   The Quebac Poutine is french fries topped with cheese curds and hot beef gravy - so yummy.  We finished that quickly.  When the food finally arrived, my chicken cordon bleu schnitzel was big, very juicy, crispy, and all the sides were delicious.   The meatballs were savory and well-accompanied by mashed potatoes and lingonberry preserves.  This is no Ikea frozen meatballs!  Unfortunately, my friend's angus burger came out rare.  She had to send it back to the kitchen and wait again.   The owner was nice enough to put this on the house as well.  We were all so full, but just couldn't resist ordering some desserts to take home.  We ordered almost one of each item from the dessert counter from Beaver Supreme, butter cookies, beaver balls (it's not what you think.), and cream puffs.   Although, it wasn't the best first time experience, overall the food was fantastic and affordable.  Europeans know what a proper portion size is!
Just...what...how? But...I just... Ahh this place is so so good! From the cheery greetings from the sweet Swedish family running the joint to those mouth watering, melt-in-your mouth Swedish meatballs, this place is seriously the bees knees.  Like, I could take a bath in the meatball gravy all day long. Thats how good this place is. Make sure you go when you have plenty of time - they make everything homemade just for you with plenty of care (and magic, methinks), so sometimes you just gotta wait. The ambience has sort of a cafeteria feel, but do not let this fool you! You are literally sitting in a gold mine of tasty treats. My husband really likes the pork schnitzel cordon bleu, and I think they said it was their most popular meal. Gosh, if you haven't been to Beaver Choice, please go right now. Cancel your meetings and hair appointments and kids' soccer games. All of that can wait in the name of delicious Swedish meat!
Awesome dessert!!!
To start, the owner (I am assuming) is sooo amazing and friendly.  She was very passionate about what she is doing, serving her food, doing it well.  We were greeted by her when my Sis and I went to pick up our take out order.  When we got home I went right for the poutine, ohh my yummy.  My Mom had the pork schnitzel, it was very good, the side salads were so good, the green bean and the tomato basil were very good. The herb roasted potatoes were sooooooooo good! My Sis had an amazing meatball wrap with potato salad in it, it was also very very very good.  My sausage wrap with dill potatoes was good, just odd.  Each part was very good, but all put together didn't mesh well for me.  I was diggin the dill mashed potatoes out because they were very good.  

For being run by warm and welcoming people and for making poutine that great, and for the schnitzel, potatoes and meatball wrap... Five stars!
This friendly Mom & Pop restaurant was exactly what I was looking for - casual, a great value, and complete yumminess outside the realm of typical restaurant fare. Definitely give it a try, and don't forget the dessert!!
Absolutely incredible Central Euopean food, from Sweden to Poland. And I come from a European family. Not fast because it's all fresh, the value is incredible as everything is huge.
Even if the decor is from Ikea the food is anything but Ikea. Really eclectic mix of scandavian, polish and canadian food. Desserts are wonderful. Huge portions and dirt cheap prices. Shhh, don't tell them they can easily charge more. If they were in a real sit down restaurant and not a strip mall fast food locale they could charge twice as much and still be considered cheap.  All food is handmade and should remind you of what Grandma used to make for you from the old country.
Such a cute place with awesome food and service.  

I went here for lunch with my mom and it was a great experience.  We were warmly and enthusiastically greeted, and the boy working was more than happy to fully explain how the menu worked and any item on the menu.  
We played some cards while we waited, and every person working there seemed to be upbeat and happy.
Food was great and there was a TON of it.  So yummy.  I'll be ordering takeout soon I think.
Low on ambiance but the food is so flavorful, fresh and very well executed.  This is a casual storefront - order at the counter but pay when you are finished.  I had the Laxpudding which the menu says is one of the oldest Swedish dishes - cured salmon with pickled onion and cucumbers on a bed of sliced fried potatos.  It came with a sweet pickled mustard relish which was to die for.  The 3 small sides were equally flavorful.  We also had a huge plate of sausage hash topped with a fried egg and the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu which was delicately fried, tender, and delicious.  This is one of Howard Seftel's top 10 dishes of 2010 and for good reason.

Next up - lunch!
We do an "ethnic dinner" every other month and this month it was my turn. I am SO glad that I picked Beaver Choice because it was fabulous.

The place itself is tiny and food is ordered from the front counter. The kid that was taking orders was very helpful and a real sweetheart. The wait time is considerable, but as long as you aren't in a hurry, the food is worth the wait.

I ordered the Laxpudding with sides of broccoli, home made coleslaw, and dill potatoes. My friend ordered the Swedish meatballs.

I'm not sure what I actually received since it doesn't seem to match the description of Laxpudding from their menu. I think what I actually received was the Salmonburger & Skagenrora. It was very good, but I'm not really a salmonburger kind of girl. The topping on it was fantastic though! 

The broccoli was delicious and perfectly cooked. The dill potatoes were also very good and holy cannoli, they are seriously DILL. If you like dill, try these potatoes.

My friend raved about the Swedish meatballs - even scrapping the plate with her fork to try to get any of the remnants. She said they were better than Ikea which since I've never tried them and she says they are great, I'm going to assume this is a high compliment to Beaver Choice's meatballs.

I got a Beaver Ball to go based on reviews on Yelp mentioning them. They were super chocolaty - I think dark chocolate? My husband swears there was coconut in them which he didn't like... I didn't notice coconut, but that doesn't mean anything.

I can't wait to go back to try other things on their menu... especially the Schnitzel which is what they are known for. Delicious food and excellent, warm service. Great place!!
I ate here on a Sunday afternoon and was impressed by the food quality, very friendly service, and speed of service. On the strength of other Yelps, I had the gravlux with dill mashed potatoes and tomato basil salad. All excellent as others have said. I had broccoli and cole slaw as my other sides. The broccoli was tender without being overcooked and the slaw was a pleasant vinegar-based, not creamy, variety that complemented the rest of the food nicely. The food filled the plate without being overwhelming and I found room for one of the Beaver cookies, actually two large waffle-wafer cookies with a lightly flavored lemon cream between them. The cookies are kept in a chilled pastry case, probably because of the cream filling. A pleasant meal on a hot summer day.
My favorite restaurant.  During busy times the service is slow and the ambience isn't great - but its family owned and run and the food is cooked with such love that its amazing.  The mom and dad cook and the son runs the cash register. These are the nicest people and the food is delicious and cheap.
This has to be one of my favorite places to eat!  The food is very very flavorful and plentiful.  

Try the schnitzel.  Fresh and hand made.  They make everything from scratch here.  The food takes quite awhile to come to the tables, but it is all hand made from scratch.  They even have board and card games to play while you wait for your food.

Have questions about anything and all you have to do is ask Kris at the counter.  Everything you try here, you will like.  I will eat anything here and wish I lived closer, I would definitely eat there more often.
Up until this point, I had lived 26 years without ever trying Scandinavian food. It wasn't until this past weekend that I ventured out and tried something different. Beaver Choice, as the reviews suggest, definitely didn't dissapoint. I took a chance on the schnitzel and fell in love immediately. My girlfriend, ordered the meatballs and also loved it. Without a doubt, this place has great food at reasonable prices.

If you're looking for something different I highly recommend Beaver Choice.
Beaver Choice is Tempe's best hidden gem, I would eat there every day if I could.
Went  to Beaver Choice for the first time today and it was simply outstanding. I had the Chicken with Cardamom sauce. This dish was excellent. The thyme potatoes were solid as a side dish, but the true standout of the salads was the Tomato-basil salad. Make sure you try the tomato-basil salad as one of your salads if you get one of the dishes that comes with the three salads. I'll be getting at least a double of those next time I go. This is not a place to go if you are in a hurry, but the food is well worth the wait.
This place is AWESOME. 
I usually go for the Swedish meatballs, with the creamy dill potatoes and their coleslaw, then some green beans. OH my goodness! So tasty.
The coleslaw is sweet and sour style just like my Oma makes and I could possibly eat the entire bin. The meatballs and tender and juicy and you will likely want more.But you are about to explode from all the food you just ate.
Then your eyes glance over to the baked good section... those oatmeal cookies... yes they have oatmeal but its almost like brittle mixed with some sort of crack. Or their pavalova which is meringue and oranges and pretty much the best thing that your mouth has tasted  other than their other food. 
Customer service is always great the owner is so sweet! Her son is a doll and sells some of his own jewelry creations.
So check it out you wont complain. But just dream of Sweden, Poland, and even Canada because this eclectic mix is not to be missed!
I loved everything I had. Schnitzel, Rosti, Tomato basil salad. My wife had the Swedish meatballs which were great and my daughter had the chicken with cardamom sauce and the green beans were garlicy and light.  Every item was great. We shared a poutine which fantastic.  We will eat the desserts later.
The pierogies should be on the menu all the time. So dang good
Atmostphere: None.
Service: Counter service. Friendly, in a swedish kinda way.
Food: Ok - I had the chicken wrap.

It took 30 minutes to get a chicken wrap. 30 minutes. And it was not crowded. It tasted pretty good. I assume it took 30 minutes because they were waiting for the chicken to mature enough to slaughter it, butcher it, dress it and cook it to put in my wrap.

30 minutes for a chicken wrap? Really?
Absolutely loved it! I came here with the boyfriend for dinner last week and enjoyed every moment of it...

Chicken Cordon Bleu with 4 sides: rosti, tomato basil salad, cole slaw and spinach salad.

Chicken was moist and the cheese and ham complimented it nicely. The mushroom sauce was great, not too salty - loved that. Rosti was like a mashed potato pancake. I liked the crispy crust on both sides. It was tasty with some mushroom gravy on top. Tomato basil salad was light and refreshing. Cole slaw was tangy and not overly creamy-probably my favorite side. The dressing on the spinach salad was good. I think it was honey mustard. 

Schnitzel with 4 sides: pan fried thyme potatoes, tomato basil salad, green beans, and I forgot the other.

Pork Schnitzel was pretty good. Not as good as the chicken but same great mushroom gravy came with it. Thyme potatoes had nice spice and texture. Didn't try the green beans because I hate canned green beans but the BF said it was good. Same tomato basil salad as other plate.

We also got a small poutine to share. I have been craving this for weeks-ever since a friend of mine went to Canada and kept posting pictures of it on FB! Thought it would finally satisfy my craving but only made it worst because now I constantly think about going back for more! It was so good!

We stuffed ourselves silly, but had to get a beaver cookie to take home to try. I was eyeing these from our table and made my mind to get one because everyone was buying 4-5 of these to take home when they were leaving. Needless to say it didn't even make it to the car before we devoured it. I'm a sucker for cookies with almonds!

This is awesome comfort food to the max. Yes, it's on the heavy side so I wouldn't have it often but it's definitely a place I would come to on my "I don't care about dieting, I'm stuffing my face" days.
Heavenly! Pure heaven!!

After living in Poland I sometimes get a hankering for some good Polish eats and this place does the trick! Best part is, I can say the few polish phrases that I know AND they understand me. 

I got the  chicken schnitzel cordon bleu, it was FANTASTIC. Highly recommended. 

I also got the mandarin dessert -- OH MY GOSH. This was GREAT. GET IT, GET IT, GET IT!!!!!

YUM, YUM, YUM, YUM!!!!!
OMG, call me FULL of schnitzel!   I feel like Beaver Choice is kinda hidden in a strip mall, and only a few (yelpers and Scandinavians) actually know about the restaurant.  And that's ok with me.  A small mom and pop's restaurant is definitely a popular place where people can dine, discuss the day's happenings and even play games while waiting for their lunch or dinner.  OH, and you can bring your own wine!  

I had the pork schnitzel with a mushroom cream sauce, dill mashed potatoes, green beans, steam broccoli and tomato basil salad.  Nothing was left on my plate.  We also had the fries with the cheese curds and gravy and malt vinegar.  

But wait, you must have some dessert! I had the chocolate brownie pie with fresh cream and strawberries , and I ended up taking some of the cookies and these balls made of chocolate, coconut, oatmeal called beaver balls home.

Friendly family staff, loved the fact that if there was an argument between family members in the dining area, it was in Swedish or German ..not sure which.  It just added to the charm.

Will be back for the Swedish meatballs!
When I travel, I look for unique places to eat. I like local flavors and small businesses doing what they do to the very best of their ability. I hate large-scale, mediocrity-soaked chain restaurants that you can find absolutely anywhere. So I look at Google, Yelp, UrbanSpoon ratings and take my chances. So tonight I found this place in Tempe, AZ called Beaver Choice. Hundreds of reviews and a great rating. They advertised themselves as a Scandinavian/Polish restaurant. So I went. It was a hole-in-the wall in a strip mall with plastic chairs and flourescent lighting -- order at the counter style. I was tentative, but not for long. The young blonde boy who took my order smiled and spoke with a Sweedish accent. I guess they get mostly regulars becasue the older woman working near the kitchen behind him asked me how I found their place in a very heavy Sweedish accent. I ordered a Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu. It came with dill mashed potatoes, sauteed green beans, peas, and a salad. At the fountain there was RC Cola and 7-Up. I mentioned that you don't see RC Cola much anymore and the lady responded that they support as many local businesses as possible. Score one. After a short wait, the boy delivered my order; it was very nicely presented. And it was incredible. The chicken was tender and juicy; the ham and cheese inside was bursting with flavor, and the sides dishes were all fresh and delicious. I devoured my plate and was full but wanted more. Serious score. Good job, Beaver's Choice. If I'm ever in Tempe again, you'll get my return business. Yum!
If you can't cook and need a good home cooked meal then head over to Beaver's Choice. The average tab per person for dinner is about $15. The 20-30 minute wait for the food was not a big deal. It gives you a chance to actually talk to your dinning companion(s). 

I had the stuffed cabbage which was just ok for me but not the best I have ever had. The home made coleslaw is a winner and the cubed fried potatoes were delicious. I had some of my wife's Chicken Cordon Blue which comes flattened, not like the Chicken Cordon Blue you might get at a wedding. I have to say it wasn't my favorite. I definitely need to try some other menu items because there were some other dishes at the other tables that looked really good. I also wish they would drop the RC products and switch to coke. In conclusion, I really wasn't blown away by the taste of the food like my fellow Yelpers. This is really a 3 1/2 star restaurant in my opinion, but I'm going to round up to 4 stars since I'm feeling generous today.
Quaint and quirky is what comes to mind when I reminisce on my visit to Beaver Choice. The tables, plates, and furniture are all IKEA (of course). The large and rather gaudy window paintings visible from the front add to the offbeat vibe of this place.

On that note, this place could use Gordon Ramsey... desperately. It appeared extremely unorganized and the menu options are way too complicated; basically you order your entree and it comes with a side (some sort of potato) and three salads. Although I liked the variety, it was completely unnecessary and I'm sure it made things more hectic in the kitchen than they need to be.

Which brings me to the service, you order at the counter and sit and wait for your food. Our food took at least a half an hour. it arrived and it was room temperature.

That being said, you're probably wondering, "why the four stars?"

The food was on point, flavorful and fresh. I had the pork meatballs and they were very well accompanied by a kind of dill sweet and sour sauce. It tasted like my norwegian grandma that I never had made it just for me.

I would recommend this place if you're feeling like something different.
Worth the drive to Tempe! NOT fancy but totally comfortable thanks to the wonderful, gracious family owners/operators.

Do NOT miss the dill mashed potatoes! Also, I LOVED the tomato sauce that came with the cabbage rolls. Was dipping everything I possibly could in it!! 

I ordered both of the beet options but, if forced to choose, liked the beet salad best... wound up "cleaning" the dish by wiping it down with the remaining pickled beets! 

I liked the cabbage rolls but I LOVED the hash one of my dining companions had ordered. This is likely what I will get on my next visit.

The pierogi were boiled but didn't seem to spend any time in a frying pan. I love pierogi but I prefer them to have a little more of a crunch -- the firmness you get from a quick pan fry.

It's a tiny, casual place. Order at the counter, they bring you your food and you pay at the counter when you're done.

A BYO, if you also bring your own glasses they waive the corking fee!

Seriously cannot wait to go back!! :9
First time having Scandinavian food, everything was excellent. Will return soon.
Definitely a fan! 

I brought my boyfriend here unknowingly, and he had his doubts about the place, but I knew he would be eating his words later. The restaurant is a lot smaller than I expected, with 8 or so tables in the front, over half of which were occupied when we arrived. Some people were ordering in front of us, so we grabbed some menus and decided on what to get. When it was our turn, who I'm assuming is the son of the family took our orders. I had the chicken schnitzel, broccoli, green bean salad, coleslaw, and pan-fried thyme potatoes. My bf had the stuffed chicken breast, coleslaw, dill mashed potatoes, and I forgot what else :)

Never having schnitzel, I was a little nervous, but it was SO GOOD. The mushroom sauce it came with was also delicious. It's pretty moderately priced (our plates were about $11/each), but you get so much food, I wasn't able to finish it all. As others have said, everything is made to order so it takes a little while to get your plates, but I would say it's definitely worth it.
What a wonderful dining experience....the food is unbelievable ...the owners are so sweet .. Down home comfort food at it's finest can't wait to go back many times to try everything on the Menu...
Beaver Choice is an excellent place which I have had the chance to visit three or four times.  This is about as home-cooked as you can get in a restaurant.  It's like eating at Mom's house, if Mom happens to be Swedish.

I've had a few of the entrees -- schnitzel cordon bleu, pork medallions, seared gravlax -- and all were delicious.  Especially the gravlax.

The sides are also great, and you usually get three per meal.

The poutine is perhaps not as good as what you'd get in Quebec, but it's easily the best I've had in Arizona.  The fact that they even have poutine wins this place a few points.

I have also had the opportunity to try their dessert specialty, the Beaver Supreme.  This mess of chocolate, meringue, cream, mandarin orange, and possibly a few other things, is the sort of thing which you set out intending to only eat half in the first sitting, but ultimately find your free will diminished, invariably resulting in an empty dish and a fear of the onset of diabetes.

Also, it seems one gentleman gave this place low marks for the long preparation time on a chicken wrap.  I just have to ask, why would anyone go to a Scandinavian restaurant and order a chicken wrap?  Can you imagine what would happen if you wander into a Viking camp and order a chicken wrap?  Your head would be off before you could recite one measly Odinian incantation.
"Yippee and yum-ooo," says my stomach.

This place is managed with the friendliest staff (probably owner and family). Food was hearty, home cooked, piping-hot goodness. 

4 stars because of a great ethnic culinary experience, its  tasty food and kind staff. With all these positives I was able to overlook one big factor that is a big deal on most days, when you just don't have the time.

I'm talking wait time to get food. Please come before you feel hungry. I had to wait close to 45-55 minutes for my plate. Also if you come with a plus one, don't be surprised if your plates do not get served at the same time. My boyfriend got his dish 15-20 minutes before mine. I watched him eat and vice versa. Other tables I noticed experienced the same.
This place is a great find! The lunch prices are very reasonable and such great quantity and quality (I am very picky with food and quality). They could use a better lettuce than iceberg but that is my only request to change. Apparently, they opened in 2010 and I have been missing out.... missing out no longer. Great food and nice owners and staff. Scandinavian food is on!
Okay, I literally just sat down after eating here and had to write this review. Aaamazing.

My boyfriend and I were at home deciding whether it was worth the effort to get up and go get dinner, due to the disgusting heat of course, and I decided to check out Yelp and see what sounded good enough to get me out the door. Found this place, and he had been there before, given he literally lives across the street. (This is now a dangerous, dangerous thing given how much I loved this place.)

Everyone who works here: super nice. We chatted for quite a while when placing our order and even got a recommendation for a Thai place down the road. I ordered the chicken schnitzel cordon bleu, my boyfriend ordered pork schnitzel. Everything was fantastic. You get three salads and a side, my side was mashed potatoes (lots of dill, yummm) and I got sauerkraut, the potato salad and peas (I ended up getting the basil tomatoes when served by mistake, which actually was fine because they were delish...only thing that was "wrong" with our visit, which is not a big deal at all to me). Ended up taking half of my schnitzel home, the portions were super generous. We got a Beaver cookie and two of the chocolate balls to take home...just as amazing as dinner. We have already decided we're going back next weekend (I'm thinkin' meatballs and pierogies) and I have a feeling we will be there a lot in the future...this place is awesome! Anyone who complains about the wait time...maybe it's just me but I'd rather wait a half hour for quality food than the alternative. This isn't fast food...go to McDonald's if you only have five minutes to wolf down something.
Absolutely loved it.  I had a craving for Swedish meatballs and found this place by browsing Yelp.  We drove all the way from North Scottsdale to try it.  Totally worth it.  I tried the meatballs with coleslaw, dill mashed potatoes, and basil tomatoes.  My husband got a steamed fish dish with fries, peas, and a spinach salad.  Everything was REALLY good and homemade.  The coleslaw was not like the regular coleslaw you would expect, but it was fantastic.  All real, fresh ingredients too... no fake potato spud mix, no frozen/canned peas.

The people there were lovely too.  All so friendly and sweet.

We got there a half hour after they opened, and there was only one family in there ordering before us.  Three tables were already on reserve though.  When we started eating, the restaurant packed up pretty quickly.

Love this place and will definitely make the drive to go back.
The food was good and serving sizes were enormous. Everyone was very friendly and the lady at the counter was in the words of my girlfriend adorable. The beaver cookies are awesome it was like eating a lemon meringue pie.
This place is awesome. You must appreciate made to order, authentic food!! The cabbage rolls are to die for. The schnitzel cordon bleu, pork or chicken, is amazing. Swedish meatballs, poutine... Try it all! We have yet to try something we don't like! Not to mention each item usually comes with FOUR different sides. This is the best Scandinavian food in the valley!!
Finally poutine done right in Phoenix! I wish this place was closer to my place.  They do a nice job though, friendly staff, overall great.
Found this place on Yelp and decided to write my first of many commentaries.  It was authentic home-cooked food, made with love.  Sounds corny, but if you spend much time on the road, it's not worth guessing by judging a book by its cover.  And this strip mall appearance would normally just result in a drive-by.  You would never even see it set back from the road.

Had the herring appetizer which was awesome, and the swai filet.  It was buttery and soft, as you might expect.  The side dishes (kraut, cole slaw, beets, potatoes) all had a very original flavor and I liked most of them...a few were kind of heavy/creamy (the beets) and dill is used often - but that's what you mostly expect from cuisine from this region of Europe.  Gave 5 stars for the overall experience - food quality, price, quantity, ambiance, service, and love.  As Hanna (the owner) said about running this restaurant, "You have to love it".  And everyone there does, including the many regular customers.  I'll be back again Hanna.  So you can call me a "regular customer too".  Take me to a family run restaurant like this anytime, and I will be back again and again.
I want to live at Beaver Choice.
If you're in the Tempe area there is Norway you should miss the chance to eat here. The portions were so large I could barely Finnish my meal. I had the chicken schnitzel cordon bleu and my husband had the frikkadeller, and both were delicious. The beet salad sides were perfectly Swedened; just the right balance of savory and sweet. If you like Scandinavian food Denmark this place down on your list of restaurants to visit. 

P.S. Iceland? I don't know.
Yet another great place I would have never found without Yelp! It's not about atmosphere here. Its about wonderful food, generous portions and one of the nicest proprietors I've ever had the fortune to meet. She treated us like gold. She allowed us to sample ALL her salads and made up a special plate of them for our family to share instead of making us choose three for each entree. It was a simple thing, I suppose, but we really appreciated that she was willing to accommodate our indecisiveness. :-) I wish we lived closer. I could imagine making Beaver Choice a regular haunt. She told us that she loves Yelp! Ninety percent of her new customers come to her because of Yelp and she's won several awards for Beaver Choice, but she's most proud of her Yelp award. She'll be moving to a new, larger location soon and is looking forward to adding a bar where you can drink from large horns.
My Dad is 100% Norwegian and I took him there for late lunch we all loved it friendly family owned and amazing home cooking.  A must to try
To set the record straight for all the pervs out there who thought I was checking in at a strip club tonight (it's Wednesday night for God's sake and I have to work in the morning!!!!), Beaver Choice is a tiny, VERY unassuming Scandinavian/ Canadian restaurant in a strip mall in Tempe.

Check out all of the awesome reviews to get an idea of how great this place is and then get in here. They serve a nice selection of Scandinavian fish, meat and pork dishes.

I started out with Quebec-style poutine which was delicious (the Canadians weren't pulling my leg on this). The only thing that was missing was beer (they are BYO FYI, so I'll bring beer next time). I'm telling you folks, our evil socialist neighbors to the north know how to whip out some great comfort food!!!!!

For my main I enjoyed some hearty Swedish meatballs bathed in a hearty cream sauce and accompanied with tomato basil, spinach salad and sauteed green beans. You get a LOT of food because your main comes with a side(choice of potato) and three types of salad. The salads are small but throw in three choices, your side and your main and you wind up with a lot of food.

They have a nice selection of tasty looking pastries as well but you will be so full you'll want to get your dessert to go.

The family that run the place are so warm, hospitable, kind and welcoming and I'm thrilled that they're moving to a bigger location. This is a hidden gem in the valley and really and great option when you're sick of all the usual choices to eat.
Gotta love a Scandinavian restaurant that also serves German and Polish food! The food in this family-run business is really good and service is warm and very friendly.  You certainly won't leave hungry, and depending on what you order you may be taking some of your lunch or dinner home because the total amount of food you get on your plate is quite generous. My favorites are the laxpudding and the Beaver Supreme dessert.
There is thia cookie sandwich thing that is so good. The two outside "cookies" are made of different grains, but its the inside cream that is so good. The cookie is pretty sweet in general, but the tart creamy middle makes this very addictive. Okay enough about that awesome cookie. Their side salads are so good. You typically get 3 with your meal. And get the potato salad for sure. Overall Yummy!
Totally unpretentious, small, very casual, interestingly-named, family-operated, and offering good values on large portions of delicious food. 

Thus: A keeper!

Two things to note before you go: There are only 6 4-top tables so reservations are recommended. Also, no liquor license, so it's BYOB with a $5-per-bottle corking fee. The side-salad options on the menu are kinda confusing at first. Keep in mind that they don't combine the separate items in a bowl: You are essentially ordering three separate small side dishes served on the same plate as the main course. 

Business is good enough that they're talking about expanding to a larger location, which would be nice. I hope they can keep the same qualities that make their place a must-visit today.
Wow! What a neat little place with extraordinary food. First of all, you better be good if you are going to "make it" next to Ted's hot dog restaurant. The Quebec Poutine is to die for. We could have made a meal out of it by itself. The addition of the malt vinegar gives it a flavor that really says "eat more of me." We each ordered a Tunbrodsrulle wrap which was a mistake because they are so big. They were delightful but we wound up taking one home for later. This is one of those places I couldn't wait to Yelp about. I can't wait to try some of the other dishes on the menu. Service is great, they make you feel welcome. Restaurant is very casual and I think they might but ready for prime time somewhere. This is one of those places where with the right location the sky's the limit. I have never been that big of a fan of Scandinavian food until now. Try this place!
This place has POUTINE. For those of you who have never had this drunken Quebec delight--cheese curds, gravy, and french fries. Glllrrrrbbbl. 

Also, the shrimp and egg sandwich comes on a massive roll with shrimp for days. The people who work here are all from Quebec I believe, and the kid at the register makes me chortle like a Swedish schoolboy every time I'm here.

The food is bonzer but can be a little pricey if you're not careful. The desserts are ALL good (try the 'beaver balls' or whatever they are called) and the prices on those are low. 

They have a couch you can sit on and Ikea furniture that bows under the weight of my apparently massive body. The walls are bland and poorly decorated but they have a fireplace (lol...) inside here. On the mantle lie a few books and games that are related to the family's local and ancestral roots. 

My only regret is that it's not open late at all, considering Poutine is the greatest drunk food of all time.
I drove 45 minutes from Happy Valley to try this place out, and it was worth every minute. The people who run the place are almost as amazing as the food they serve. We tried the Poutine, Crab Cake, Schnitzel, and my favorite the Cabbage Rolls (freakin' amazing). To top it off dessert consisted of 3 "Beaver Balls" and the "Cookie" Sandwich. I'm not one for coconut, so I didn't try the Beaver Balls, but my friends loved em, and the Cookie Sandwich was a great way to end a phenomenal meal. The entree's come with a side, along with 3 types of salads of your choice. I can not WAIT till they open their 2nd place a bit closer to central city, BUT in the meantime, its worth the drive from North Phoenix for a little taste of Scandinavian/Polish heaven!
The staff A+
The food A+
The fun A+
oh boy. nothing, i repeat, nothing is vegetarian. i ordered a sampler of side dishes and dessert. service was warm and charming, but ridiculously slow. the owner came out and talked to us and said they had someone call in sick, so that was understandable. my dining partner said his food was bland. probably won't be back although i desperately wanted to love this place.
If I were Polish or Swedish, I think my mom's home cooking would taste like this. It's overpriced and the service isn't what you're going to be used to, but they're really nice (might seem like bad service because of a cultural difference). Food takes a long time too. But pretty much anything on the menu will be great (I think the portion-sizes are overstated, but the food here has an umami-like pop to the flavor). Try the schnitzel and as many versions of the potatoes as you can.
Still get 5 stars. Went back again yesterday for some of that Poutine. Glllrrrbbbl. Had a hard time coming up for air once I started eating. Susan had 6 perogies and enjoyed. We love this place. They are planning to move in January or February to a new location in Mesa. Fortunately, they will be even closer to us :)

We really need to take some of our kids there so they can sample some of this Scandinavian/Canadian cuisine. Not cheap, but you get what you pay for. You can't find this stuff on Denny's menu (or any other local restaurant?).

Beaver Balls are next on my list to try.
Found this place on Yelp because of the high ratings of others so another couple, my wife and I decided to give the odd-named restaurant a try. As we pulled up I became very concerned that we had chosen the wrong place. It didn't look like a nice restaurant, more like a low-budget Mexican food joint. Entering into the place didn't make us feel any better:  it was small, so brightly lit that you almost need sunglasses, and sparsely decorated. 

We went up to the counter (yes, that's right, no server to take your order even though they have a menu) to get a menu, then sat down to choose dinner and then got back in line to place our order. 

We ordered the Swedish meatballs, chicken cordon bleu, and pork tenderloin skewer. We split the three dishes between the four of us. Pork was pretty good, meatballs were amazing and the chicken cordon bleu was delish. 

Food was definitely 5 stars, as was the owner if the restaurant. She was very nice and helpful. 

I took a star off for the ambience, but as the owner explained, that will change in the future. They are moving to a full size restaurant once the two year lease is up in February. 

We will definitely go back again, but probably not until they are at the new location. If you haven't been to Beaver's Choice, it's definitely worth it. Don't expect much from the setting yet, but the food and friendly owner are great.
Unique food will have to back to try something different
Went in on their 4th day open because I didn't want to wait in line at Ted's. They were eager to explain their menu and even gave me a sample of a few things. The family who owns the place (and seems to work there all the time)  recognized me (even though I'd only been there once) when I brought family back months later, and welcomed me in like I was an old friend. Food Is prepared like a home cooked meal made by your mother who happens to be a chef. Customer service is excellent, food is amazing, and I always leave wishing I could eat every meal there.
Went here for lunch and the food was incredibly tasty! Portions are very large. I got the pork schnitzel and it came with two huge pork cutlets breaded and cooked to perfection and covered with this really good mushroom gravy. The Swedish potato salad was so good, and I don't even care for potato salad. The owners are incredible friendly too. I can't wait to go back here again.
Maybe I was let down by my expectations, or maybe because it was just a sandwich to go. I just wasn't impressed with my pork schnitzel on a bun. At a little over $7 (after tax) for just a 6" sub sandwich is really pricy and it honestly wasn't as good as I had hoped. 

The baguette was tough to bite through and the toppings were whatever. I expected some of the mushroom gravy to be on the sandwich, but didn't ask about it. The pork was tasty, but not as crisp as I would have liked. If not for the pork, it sort of felt like a subway sandwich.

My main complaint is the portion size. I know it's a lunch to-go menu, but it was honestly like a small snack than a meal. Would have liked some sort of fries or something to help fill me in.

I'll still give this place another try and have one of their full meals. That chicken cordon bleu sounds tasty and I'll update my review later.
WORST POSSIBLE SERVICE I HAVE EVER, I MEAN EVER, HAD!!!! 
This restaurant that was recommended to me by a friend who told me they serve poutine. I was super excited to try this place and being that I'm originally from Canada, I was looking forward to a little taste of home. 
I live in North Phoenix and drove 45mins to have "Poutine"
Saturday Night August 25th - 4 adults, 2 kids - we walked in the door and the place is a mess. There was no where for us to sit. We stood around for about 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. Finally they come to the front to clean up and start arranging tables to accomodate our party.  When we finally get to look at menus we realize that there are more then 1 size of poutine available. I head up to the counter to inquire about the poutines and the sizes... And that's when I am very rudely informed that if all we are going to have is poutine then we need to take it to go. They will not allow us to eat in the restaurant as it is Saturday night and one of their busiest nights and we cannot take up the much needed space. *** This is where I will mention that there was only 1 other table being used at the time*** I explain that we all want to have poutine and that we drove 45mins from Phoenix to come and try this restaurant... The person behind the counter didn't care. We were not to be served.
Needless to say, we walked out, WITHOUT the poutine that  we were so looking forward to... 
I would NEVER recommend this restaurant! I have never heard of anyone turning away business because it was their busiest night, regardless of how much or how little we were going to order. Even if all we ordered was 4 large poutines that alone is $30, add in drinks.... Throughly disgusted with the lack of customer service.
Love this place!! The family was so friendly and the food was AMAZING!!! and I just saw them on the FoodNetwork Channel.
A+ All the way.......
Really enjoyed the food. The reviews are true. I would give it 5 stars but the location is not the best. Five stars for the food though. Support local! Looking forward to visiting their new location. Like their story.  Started on a food truck!  Good for you!
The food was wonderful! Nothing trendy, not a chain, or anything remotely like one. The atmosphere was a little quirky but who cares? The food was like a Scandinavian grandma would make. Absolutely delicious!

And the chicken schnitzel was to-die-for!
The food is delicious and filling. If you are in the mood for comfort food...look no further. Don't pass this up. Great find!
Service is Fast and very friendly. 
Ambiance  Clean and orderly. Tables from IKEA are cute. However, the decor does lack...something. The lady behind the counter says they are moving to a location in Mesa by February. 
Would I recommend this place to our friends??? Absolutely!!
so yummy... homemade style!
Incredibly amiable owners, unique menu selection made fresh by experienced cook. Went in hungry and (after being kindly offered a sampling of all delicious side options) left completely satisfied with a full plate sticking to my ribs: pork cordon-bleu, mashed potatoes, creamy beet salad, sweet green beans, just-right sauerkraut and some lovely gravy (see picture).
The owner was very friendly and talkative. She asked me whether we learned about this place through yelp. Yeah she knew the answer.

We ordered pierogi and chicken schnitzel cordon bleu, with mushroom sauce, various side salads, and a plate of pan-friend thyme potato. 

I knew nothing about pierogi and it tastes very much like Chinese dumplings to me -- but with a cheesy potatoey filling. So I took my husband words for it -- "great." 

The chicken schnitzel cordon bleu actually reminded me of the KFC double down sandwich (http://www.kfc.com/doubledown/). No offense but I actually enjoyed KFC tremendously as a kid. The concept of Beaver Choice's chicken cordon bleu was quite similar to a double-down: breaded chicken steak with ham and cheese in the middle. It tastes good, slightly on the saltier side.

The side salads were refreshingly clean. I was quite impressed by the cole slaw because in my mind, cole slaw should be simple, not a greyish goo with mayo mixed in. Husband liked the tomato basil salad. The pan fried tomato was tasty too.

A couple notes:

1) It is moving to a new location in Mesa. Good for business I guess, but sad for me because I live right around the corner.

2) Menu is quite extensive. We definitely want to come back and try a couple more things. They know what they are doing. In fact, the background sound to our dining experience was the constant pounding of the meat from the kitchen. I surely didn't mind hearing that they made things fresh on the spot.

3) Food was surely tasty. The current location was small but very clean and bright (almost has a well-lit fast-food restaurant feel to it). It can get busy, thus crowded, very fast.

4) The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I think the price was a bit higher than I expected. I'm not saying I don't want to spend money on good food. I'm just saying we got another meal after this that night and we are not some serious big eaters.
Hidden jem! Come hungry, because its a ton of food! The chicken schnitzel get it, love it, MmmmMm. Also try the lemon cookie, its pretty amazing!
Unique
Delicious
Relaxed atmosphere
Funny name

During my first trip here, I was suffering from a pretty bad cold. Even with a stuffy nose, my taste buds were delighted by their succulent and tasty dishes. We ordered Swedish Meatballs (of course) and the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu (thank you Yelp). With each dish came three hearty sides garnished by their own tantalizing flavors. I really enjoyed the potatoes with the accompanying sauces and gravy.

I must warn you: you will wait for good food. We probably hung out for about 45 minutes before our order came out. If you're in a hurry, probably go somewhere else. Otherwise, grab one of the card games they have available on the shelf and prepare yourself for some of the best authentic Scandinavian food served in the most random-est of strip malls.

One last thing - these guys know they're good and are proud of it. They posted the award they received from Yelp for having high ratings with lots of reviews. One of the owners explained it was the best award they've won because it comes straight from regular customers. Gotta love that!
my husband is A swedish national trapped in a land of desert cuisine.  when i found this place he nearly flipped!  he said it was excellent, authentic, and just what he wanted.  going back today for lunch!
Came back with my girlfriend. 

Ordered the chicken cordon bleu and it was tasty :) The brie cheese isn't that strong though. It sort of melts and mixes with the juices of the chicken. Much better portion size than the sandwich before and more variety in the flavors. This was a much higher quality dish.

The mashed potatoes were very good. We also tried the crab cake which had a sweet salsa and some sort of caviar on top as well as a side salad. Pretty tasty! 

My girlfriend had a pita wrap which was the right size for the price. The pita fell apart really easily though.

Still sort of pricey but I guess it's reasonable for the uniqueness of the food. 

Food took a long time, but it helps playing with the games to pass the time. I suggest planning a lot of time to eat here, or calling in your order ahead of time.

I'd come back if I needed a change of pace, but not sure I'd ever crave a place like this.
Saturday 11 AM crowd of 6 ppl

Swedish Potato Hash FTW!
We drove 40 min to try this place.
I was scared bc of the unique foods and the exterior looks,
but I had heard good things abt it.

Takes a while to make, so grab one of their games.

In our case, we brought our own.

My group played "Cards against humanity".
 We were ROFL and noisy while the food was being prepared.

Staff was nice, esp owner.
Very fresh and authentic food. The owner was very friendly and patient as we weren't sure as to what to order. Great pierogies and for desert, I got a peice of what looked like cheese cake. she said she made it there so I had to have a peice. It was sooo good!! Lighter and not as rich as cheesecake that I am used to. I could eat the hole thing!!!
I am sad to hear that they are moving as it will be farther from our home.
We love this place! The food is good, very unique, and the employees (family) are super friendly.  They are moving soon, early 2013 I believe.  Don't go if you're in a rush.  When you order the schnitzel you'll often hear them pounding it out in the back.  A lot of dishes take 30+ minutes but thats what good, not-premade, family crafted food takes.

My favorites are the poutine (french fries covered with gravy and cheese curds) and the rosti (omg-wtf-awesome hashbrowns).  All of the main dishes I've tried were good (cabbage rolls, schnitzel, etc)
My Mother and Daughter and I went to Beaver Choice for lunch.  We arrived at 2 o'clock.  They made no mention of the fact they were closing at 2:30.  We ordered, waited (a lengthy wait) for our food and began to eat.  About 8 minutes later a young man comes to the table and offers us boxes, telling us we MUST leave since they are going to have a meeting! WHAT? We just spent 25 dollars and we are being kicked out?  We tried to scarf some food quickly (my Mother is elderly and cant really eat in the car) as they were pulling the food and napkins and drinks off of our table.  This had to be the rudest experience EVER in my 42 years.  The food was NOT great and they charge extra for ANYTHING, like 50 cents to add mayo, without letting me know they were adding an extra charge for mayo.  WE WILL NEVER GO BACK!
This snug little place is moving to a larger space in the new year - just to let you know. It'll be near Extension and Baseline. Now... the food is good and prepared while you wait and and unusual. Definitely go with the Swedish Pork Schnitzel and the beet salad. The saurkraut is divine as is the large lacy cookie to have after dinner. Service is efficient but you will wait for your meal to be prepared - not a place to be in a hurry, ok?? But it's worth the wait and I will definitely go back. But... I will skip the peas. They were boring. Sorry.
Dined here again and was pleasantly surprised to see that they added more dishes to their already delicious menu.  I tried a newer dish, swai fillet en papillote, and tasted some of the beef med lok (burger with sauteed onions).  The swai, baked in foil, was tender and moist, with a vibrant flavorful sauce.  The burger was excellent.  It had a nice slightly smoky flavor, and was perfectly grilled.  The sides, as always, are superb.  Service is always warm and friendly, and the family here really takes care of their customers, especially if you are a regular!  I am sad to see that they will be moving farther away from where I live (To Mesa, on the corner of Baseline and Extension) in February, but I'm excited for them.  The new location will be bigger in all aspects, from the kitchen to the dining room, with a nice outdoor patio, and will be full-service with a bar.  So enjoy the Tempe location while you can, and head on over to Mesa to enjoy their good eats when they move in February!
This is a small, quirky, family-run restaurant.   Maybe we went at a bad day, but they had real problems.

Service was way slow and confusing.   Other reviewers say this, and this does not rate 2 stars.     We got an appetizer plate that came with two small crackers, I asked for a couple more crackers it took like 10 minutes no kidding.    Bottom line is that they are stretched thin and very disorganized.  

A couple of the dishes were terrible.  We got a three kinds of baked casseroles (you have to order in advance).   One was some kind of tomato cream dish way too sweet and salty.  The other was some kind of potato fish bake, greasy, again way salty, and had bad fish smell.  Keep in mind that I like sardines, anchovies etc and that I like salty food.

We had a large party and asked for a few extra plates, were told there was usually a 4 dollar "plate fee" to cover dish washing cost.  Huh?

Atmosphere:  I usually don't care about atmosphere and I realize they had to rent a strip mall place, but too loud.   The eating area is small and has hard surfaces, and they had a boom box playing pop music.   Basically everyone had to talk louder, which echoed, which made everyone talk louder.    

We did get a few good items and I wish them the best of luck.   My advice to owners:

Simplify your menu, figure out popular dishes that you do well and cut out most of the rest, then try to organize your operation.   The biggest problem with small restaurants is sometimes trying to do too much.

Secondly cut the boom box.   Don't copy the worst of chain restaurants by providing "free" music, at least until you get better acoustics.

I don't own restaurant and if I did it would certainly fail, so take my advice for what it is worth.   This restaurant will be moving to new, larger location and if they don't prepare the problems could get much much worse.   Current staff and organization with bigger place would be disaster.

Good luck, would like to come back.
The name alone just begs one to try it out. Once inside you are greeted by some of the nicest people who ever existed. The meals are ram a lama delicious and the location is not too far from a hookah bar. The Swedish meatballs are a must but everything on that menu wants to be devoured.  Great place, good food. I recommend taking friends. Because eating alone makes you feel off. Well, it makes me feel off.
Three words...REAL HOME COOKING! This is a small hole in the wall run by a family. Came here tonight based on their yelp reviews & am not let down:)!!

If you don't have time to relax & wait for your food, don't come here just yet. They will be moving to a larger location in Feb 2013.
Great food and very nice and happy staff. Love to visit next time.
Holy delicious meatballs batman!!! This place is so damn good! After visiting Canada 5 years ago, I fell in love with poutine, nowhere in AZ was I able to find it... until now... GO HERE, EAT, BE HAPPY! Support local restaurants!
I really wanted to like this place, I really wanted to try this place! 
But, 3 times you are out!!
 I have attemeped to go to this place 3 times and they are always closed. I mean all 3 times I have driven all the way over there they are closed.
Tonight was the 3rd and final time.
I drove all the way over there Saturday Night 6:30pm. Closed!!
Big Help wanted sign in the winddow, that has been up there for about 2 months, I always see it when I go over there to try to eat here.

Why are they never open??
Why on a Staurday Night are they not open??
I give up!
I am not really familiar with Scandinavian cuisine but this was really good. I had the chicken schnitzel and tried the meat balls we ordered for our children and both were yum! Our kids devoured them before even touching the fries which is quite rare for them.  They also have an interesting assortment of sides with each meal.
Fantastic change of pace. I loved their Swedish meatballs with mashed potatoes and their Pork Schnitzel is also amazing. All dinners come with a multitude of delicious sides. Unfortunately, the atmosphere here is about as romantic as a K-mart -- Luckily they are moving to a new bigger and better spot on Baseline soon (hopefully without the florescent lighting). Bonus: The new spot with also have a bar - the owner showed me the plans.
This is my husband's favorite restaurant.  Everything is good, but what I truly appreciated was a homemade cheese dessert yumm.  Family owned restaurant and some of the nicest owners I have ever met.  They make you feel so welcome.  Totally unique place to eat in the valley.
Woooooo beavers choice!!! We havent even had the food yet but this place is totally awesome!!!
Great service, extremely nice owners, and most of all home made Swedish Meatballs.  

I am so glad I found The Beaver Choice.
Fantastic change of pace. I loved their Swedish meatballs with mashed potatoes, and their Pork Schnitzel is also amazing. All dinners come with a multitude of delicious sides. Unfortunately, the atmosphere here is about as romantic as a K-mart -- Luckily they are moving to a new bigger and better spot on Baseline very soon (hopefully without the florescent lighting). Bonus: The new spot with also have a bar - the owner showed me the plans.

UPDATE - New Location is open!
Amazing, amazing, amazing! We love this place it's so worth the wait. Quality people and phenomenal food!
Great meal! The food here is fresh and "easy on the body" as mentioned on their website. I can see why Beaver's Choice food was chosen to be served at Nobel Prize Banquet.
Hope to go tonight and see the new menu and the new location.  It's going to be great and we can't wait!  Congratulations on the move to Baseline Rd in Mesa.  Tons more space.  Wishing you all much success on your next first day.
Love this so much that whenever anyone asks where I want my birthday dinner, this is it.  Went for lunch just after their grand opening. The new place is beautiful and you still get to see Hannah running the show.  The day we went, there were a few staff issues and then the computer went down. If you were there at the same time, fyi, this is not the way Beaver Choice runs, so don't let it stop you from returning. 

I'm with Michael C., love the Swedish meatballs, my companion loves the chicken schnitzel.  I didn't see any anchovy laced burgers on the lunch menu this time - guess I'll just have to go back and check later!
Been to old location too and the food is good but just not worth the wait.  Waited for over an hour for our food, no one came to refill drinks,  said something to owner but  she didnt do much and spent time telling us why we had to wait so long.  Food was cold and they need to hire more staff, buysboys, waiter, ect.
I was so excited when the new location finally opened in Mesa.  I have been a loyal fan of Beaver Choice, and have highly recommended to all my friends to try it.  Tonight, I was extremely disappointed at the whole dining experience. 

We had all placed our orders at the same time. The waitress indicated that the kitchen was behind and it will take about 5-10 minutes to put the ticket inside.  We agreed.  Another friend came after we just placed the order, sat over 20 minutes without any type of service (no water or even a menu).  She had to get up to ask for them.  I know you have expanded but might just need to hire more staff to help on weekends.  We all had to ask for refills many times.    

After 1/2 hour of waiting, we noticed the tables around came after us got their food
even few ate and left.  I felt it was a deja vu moment reminded me the very first time I visited in the Tempe location.  They had lost our ticket and we waited over an hour too. However, the owner came out to our table to apologize.  

This time when the owner came around to chat, we mentioned we have not received our food and indicated that tables around already ate and left. By now, it's over an hour!  
We are very patient people, others would have left by now.     

The owner came back with our waitress showing us the time that the waitress placed our orders on the POS receipt.  We knew we had placed the orders way before time indicated on the receipt.  The owner kept telling us they prepare it freshly and will take time to cook.  Again, I was loyal customer so I should know how long a normal schnitzel takes.  Over 1 hour is just unacceptable!  I felt I was in the episode of Amy's Baking Company when the owner accused the customers they were wrong.  I know the owner here is not Amy and Sammy. The family working in this establishment are much better than that.   I really hope tonight was just an one-time incident.
Ok, I think I am going to be booed for this.  Yes, 2 stars!  I have heard so much great things about their food at the Tempe location.  Bummed when I finally had time they closed and was moving to the Mesa location.  So when L said they are open NOW, lets go I was drooling...  =)  

The Mesa location is new, nice, and clean.  It was pretty roomy too.  Got there at 6:20pm, we had a reservation for 6 to 7 people at 6:30pm.  They tired to give us a table for 4, so we had to stress that we have 6 to 7 people.  They sat us in a corner table but it was only for 5.  We had to ask for 2 more chairs twice.  Service was very slow (snail speed).  Our other 3 people finally joined us around 6:40 and then 6:45pm.  We ordered drinks and app.  We got the poutine (french fries covered in cheese curds and gravy) not on the menu.  The drinks and the app came out quick.  Yum!  We munched and then she came back to take our order around 7:05pm.  She told us that the kitchen was backed up and was going to put our ticket in in 5 mins so all the dishes would come out together and hot.  

Ok.  fast foward to 7:50pm.  The app was licked clean, drinks are empty, and we are straving.  After watching a few tables that came after us eat and left, we were feeling like did they lose our ticket?  We flagged the another server down to check because we have not see our server for the last 20 mins or more.  She told us our ticket is 4th  in line, but she couldn't tell us how much longer.  How did our ticket get push that far back?  Especially watch people that came after us get food.

The owner, she was making her rounds with the tables.  She came to ours and thought we were finished.  Oh NO, we have not received our food yet.  We told her we have been waiting for almost 1 hour.  I have proof, I have been bored and I was taking pictures and the time is stamped on them.  The owner came back from the kitchen with the POS receipt and said we didn't put in our order until 7:28pm.  OH NO, we gave our order to the server a little after 7pm, if she choose to sit on it for over 20 mins that is not my problem.  YOU JOKING?  The serve came back and told us I told you I was going to put your order in after 10 mins.  Oh no, you said 5 min.  Either way, ordered at 7:05 + 10 mins = 7:15pm not 7:28pm.  They blamed that it was that we were waiting for people.  So how in the heck did you get their orders if they were not here yet?  WHAT?  OK, now I am hungry and pissed.  It is 8;05pm now.  My butt can tell me how long I have been sitting.  

At 8:19pm the food FINALLY got here.  And guess what?  Some of the orders were wrong; most of the food was on a cold plate with luke warm food; and then a food runner showed up with an extra plate of food.  OMG, what a cluster fxck!  We were scope sides of other's plates and trading food until we assembled something close to what we ordered.  

We were finished eating and then the wait for the bills.  We all had our wallets out and were ready.  She dropped off the bills and we asked her for a box togo.  Nothing.  Then she came back to pick up the money & bills.  Took another 10 mins before the change is coming back.  Then the wait for the togo box starts.  We finally left at 9:05pm.  I am grouchy and my butt hurts from sitting so long (extra grouchy now).  I hate to give family establishments a bad review but my first expirence was just horrible!!!!  Maybe it was just a 1-off incident?
This new location is much bigger and better appointed than the previous one.  The interior is bright and has a variety of seating arrangements - booths, regular tables and chairs, and bar seating. I came at 1:30 pm so that the lunch crowd was mostly leaving, and one of the servers told me to seat myself anywhere I wanted. I ordered the chicken schnitzel with dill mashed potatoes as a side, and since 3 side salad choices also come with the meal, I got the beet salad, green beans, and broccoli. The food was excellent - just as it was in the previous location. Before coming here, I noted that one of the issues from some of the previous reviews is the long waiting time for groups. I timed the length of the wait to get my order; I got my food 20 minutes after I gave the order, which I think is not an unreasonable length of time to prepare the dinner combination I ordered. I also noticed that a family of 4 that came at about the same time I did also got their food at the same time I did. Note, though, that this was after the lunch rush. I guess it takes a longer time to prepare all the dishes ordered by larger groups of people, especially during the peak times of lunch and dinner. After lunch the restaurant closes at 2:30 and reopens for dinner at 5 pm.
I saw Beaver Choice profiled a long time ago on Eden Eats and always wanted to try it.  I was driving to work one day and drove right past the new place, and was so excited.  It is literally 3 minutes from my house and about 5 minutes from where I work.  Heck, I even emailed the owner to ask when it would be open.  And got a very nice email back too.  

So last Saturday, me, my daughter and my friend went in and got seated right away.  The waiter was pretty good too.  Good start

We got the fries with cheese and gravy to start.  It was ok, but most importantly, fresh, and hot.  Then our dinner came, and it was a different story.  

I got the stuffed chicken, mashed potatoes, salad and cole slaw.  My daughter got a hamburger, medium, and salad.  And my friend got meatballs, mashed potatoes and cole slaw.  The mashed potatoes were cold.  My daughter's hamburger was well done, and the bun was ice cold.  The dressing on the salad was tasteless as well.  Not horrible, but definitely room for improvement.

So we have cold food and an incorrectly cooked meat.  But you know what the clencher was?  We called the owner over and told her the food was cold.  She didn't say a word, and walked away, never to return.  Didn't offer to reheat the food, maybe throw in a dessert, nothing.  But she was sure greeting people with hugs when they walked in the door, prior customers I think.   You'd think she'd work a little harder to keep new customers.  After all, wasn't that why she moved, to expand her business?

Guess what?  I live close, and also work at a very close and large office building.  We go out to lunch a lot.  You better believe I won't be back, and won't bring any of my friends and coworkers in either.   There's never an excuse for poor customer service, especially by the "OWNER" of the restaurant.  A waiter, usually nothing to lose.  The owner has everything to lose.  I hope she reads this.
I had never heard of this place until I saw their sign go up in my neighborhood.  I've never had Scandinavian cuisine before and was anxious to try it.  I got on their website and read some very excellent reviews from prestigious food critics, and having just had my first lunch there, I couldn't agree more.

Their new bistro has Swedish decor and everything is brand new.  Very nice atmosphere for dining.  The owner is adorably charming and she personally greeted us and spent time with all of the customers.  She was very hospitable and makes it a point to explain the origins of anything on the menu you have questions about.

The food was spectacular!  I had the Pork Schnitzel Cordon Bleu and my wife had the Salmon burger with Swedish Shrimp Salad.  Each dish came with a choice of 3 side salads and a side dish.  It sounds like a lot of food but the side portions are small and designed to give a nice variety to your palate.  I can't say enough about the quality of the food.  It tasted very homemade and you could tell that a lot of time goes into the preparation.  They also have a large selection of bottled European beers.

As we were leaving we overheard the owner (Hanna) say, "I'd rather have 20 happy customers than 100 unhappy customers."  I would encourage those who have given a bad review to give them another try in this new location.  Their menu is new and they are adding to it once the dishes are "perfected".

By the way, the owner was born in Poland, raised in Sweden, and spent many years in Montreal, Quebec.  The beaver is the national animal of Canada, hence the unusual name "Beaver Choice".
LOVE THIS PLACE! You walk in and are instantly greeted by the charming family. I was hesitant at first, but, my husband read good reviews on Yelp! Instantly, we fell in love with the food! EVERYTHING  is sooo flavorful. The schnitzel is AMAZING! This place deserves 6 stars in my book!
I ate at their Tempe location before they moved and had a good experience.  I was excited when they finally opened at their new location.  A friend and I went a few days after they opened and were looking forward to a nice meal.  We were prepared to be very patient because we knew that they were just opened and the staff were still learning.  It was a hot day outside and it felt stuffy inside, so we casually mentioned to our server that it felt warm inside the restaurant and maybe they could check the temperature.  Well, that is when the whole experience went downhill.  A minute later we heard the female owner speaking very loudly near the servers station that it was 76 degrees...it is 76 degrees, she kept loudly repeating that it was 76 degrees.  She then came over to our table and very rudely told us that the thermostat said 76 degrees, so why did we say it was warm?  We just simply said that it felt warm to us and she then proceeded to tell us that we should get up and go look at the thermostat.  It was an extremely off putting experience.  Her tone and demeanor was very unfriendly and we felt like we had been scolded by our grandmother.  

In my opinion, the food here is a little pricey, but has tasted pretty good when we have eaten there before.  However, my friend and I both felt afterwards that it is not a place that we would ever go again because of the attitude and tone in which we were spoken to. It is a shame, but you can't treat people that way and expect them to come back.  I hope they read this review so they can learn from our experience and prevent further damage to their business reputation.
My wife and I enjoyed both our meals, the meatballs are amazing and ALL the sides are great as well.  Our waitress gave good advice on what to order and she was always there to refill our drinks.  The owner is a sweat heart and you can really tell she cares about her business.  I will be telling all my window cleaning customers to eat at Beaver Choice because good cooking is hard to find in Arizona.
My first foray into Scandinavian food and Beaver's Choice 

They recently moved and after a 4 month wait they reopened to a newly remodeled place. The new place looks pretty great, I never visited the old location beyond peering at it from the outside but this place is a clear upgrade based on the aesthetics alone. 

Food:

The poutine was ok, not amazing but decent. Wish they used better fries. (Hand cut would be better)

I had the Laxpudding and friend had the Kottbuller (Swedish Meatballs). 
If your not a fan of dill and sour notes you might find the food here agreeable to your palate but it was nice contrast to my usual eatings.

The best part of the food here in my opinion was the three sides that accompany your meal. I had pickled beets, broccoli, and the house cole slaw. Get the beets! The beets are good.

Foods on the pricey side but finding Swedish food is hard in Arizona beyond an Ikea.
Also talking with the fam as we waited for our takeout was great fun. 

I'm guessing the poor reviews on service below can be attributed to people coming in during peak hours because my experience was quite different. (Also they make everything to order and look like their still adjusting to the size of their new restaurant from our conversation)
We went to the old location about 18 months ago, and after visiting their new home, it was a breath of fresh air to be greeted by Chef Hanna  upon arrival.  She is the sweetest and most passionate lady - and it's always an honor to have her prepare food for you.  We brought our appetite, and started with the small order of poutine - which is Canadian comfort food at it's best, eh?  Crispy fries with fresh cheese curds and delicious gravy peppered with parsley - it's just yum.  Then, for the main course, I had the cordon bleu and Angie ordered the schnitzel.  The side items are artfully prepared, I had couscous / potato and dill salad / beet salad for mine and they were spot on.  You can tell that everything is fresh, and no expense is spared in putting her passion on a plate.  It probably wasn't, but the food tasted better this time around, and I'm already excited to go back for the two items she promised: spaetzle and her Beaver Supreme dessert!
I used to visit them when they were on Broadway and it always took too long so even though the food was always amazing we stopped going because of the delays. now this new place is something completely different, very quick service and the food was just a amazing as it always has been. Beaver's choice make the best schnitzel I've had in the USA(other then my own ;-)) and I would recommend it to anybody with a need for healthy good nutritious food any day.
This place is the best! I've been a regular since their smaller Tempe location.  Delicious home made food. Everything they make comes from real ingredients - meat, veggies, etc. - no weird crap. It literally is like someone's mom cooked your food (and often someone's mom did make it - Hanna is the owner and matriarch of the nice family that owns it). 

The new location is absolutely gorgeous - a great place for a nice meal. 

They are warm and loving to their clientele. If you want a place that serves delicious food, great hospitality, gorgeous ambiance at a great price, go to Beaver Choice. 

All the food is cooked to order. The one thing is that the service tends to be a little slower paced than lets say a place like APplebees or Chiles. But those places serve junk. High quality food takes just a bit longer and its worth the wait! 

Go to Beaver Choice! Try the Schnitzel or Swedish Meatballs (or anything else on the menu). You won't regret it!!!!!
the food is great, the people are monsters.  i have loads to say about them, but its really not worth talking about.  i would suggest getting everything take out.
I have never had Scandanavian food. I had no clue what to expect. But I joined some of my fellow yelpers for the international supper club and boy am I glad I did. The food was fantastic. 5 stars all the way. The reason I still gave it 4 stars is that they seem to be experiencing some small growing pains and service is a little slow but they were very friendly and accomodating. I am sure they will get this worked out and it will be a 5 star experience soon! I can't wait to go back and try more menu items.  I had the Jaeger Schnitzel..? I am probably really spelling that wrong but it was so yummy. The sides were all really good as well. I had the dill potato salad...So much flavor. Tomato basil, saurkraut, and cole slaw were all really good as well. Great compliments to the meal. Everything that the other party members had looked good too.
I came here for the very first time for the 3rd get together of the International Supper Club UYE. I am told this is their new location. It just opened 3 weeks ago and it is very nice. Open and bright. Color changing lights under the bar. Cool pictures on the walls. Very nice glass tables.

I was one of the first to arrive in our group. I was going to hang out outside until more arrived but upon finding out there was a bar I hightailed it inside. I was going to order a beer but was a little dumbfounded by the beer selection. No beers on tap just all import beer. I like import beer and am willing to try new things but I had never heard of any of these beers and didn't know which one to pick. Plus my budget was a little tight so it was probably a good thing that I passed on it. Pretty soon others started to show up and when the majority of us were there they showed us to our table. Water, silverware and menus were pasted out and good conversations were started. Looking over the menu I again was at a lost as to what to get. I was told Schnitzel was the thing to have. Upon further study of the menu I see that the Chicken Cordon Bleu Schnitzel was toted as their signature dish. Well First time at a place you should try the signature dish so the decision was made. I also wanted to try the Poutine, french fries with brown gravy and cheese curds, but again the budget was tight. Something for next time.

Our waiter came out an introduced himself and he and another waitress helping out took the food orders. Each taking a side of the table. The owner's son also came out and introduced himself and gave us a little history of the place. He let us know if we had any questions about the food to ask him as most of the staff was new and didn't quite know all of the menu yet. After a little wait a few apps came out. Others had ordered the Poutine. I looked at it across the table jealously. The food took a little while to come out. It seemed longer with no bread or anything to munch on while waiting. Others have mentioned long waits for food with large groups and our group was 13 strong. But dishes started to come out slowly. Apparently each waitperson entered their orders in a different POS terminal and they were having problems with one of the terminals so one side of the tables orders came out first. It was not a big deal and my side of the table only had to wait a little while longer to get our food. The other side's food looked and smelled very good.

Finally my food came out. You get to choose 3 salad options and one side with each entree. I picked sauerkraut, garden salad, potato salad and french fries. Everything was very good. The garlic vinaigrette for the salad had a very good flavor and the mushroom gravy on top of the Schnitzel was the perfect accent. With a little sauerkraut mixed in it was even better. Even the fries were piping hot and dipped in the gravy were approaching divine. I give more credit to the gravy on that point.

The whole evening was very good. Everyone had a great time. Much thanks to Monica O. and Ursula D. for putting these UYEs together. There has not been a bad one yet. The owner even came out and introduced herself as well. With a bandage on her face from having a procedure the day before she was still at work hustling around. The staff and the owners were all very nice. I don't come over to this side of town much any more but I will definitely be back here. I only gave it 4 stars this time as they were still working out the bugs after just opening 3 week ago but with a local place you expect a few rough edges that is one of the reasons we like them. A future visit might bump it up to 5 stars. I can't wait to come back.
First time at the new location--been to the previous several times before.  What a contrast between the two locations.  The new one is so much larger and has a bar.

Our party of five arrived 45 minutes prior to closing.  We were merrily greeted, seated, and had our drink orders taken,  After exploring the menu we ordered the Polish Sampler, Stuffed Chicken, Pork Cordon Bleu, and Pork Jager Schnitzel.    We were all happy with our dishes and shared tastes with each other.  The plates were clean at the end.  We stayed nearly 30 minutes past closing yet the staff continued to be gracious and courteous.  As we left the owner stopped us and chatted as well as checking to see if we enjoyed our meal.

Going to Beaver Choice is like going to a relatives place to eat.  The staff treats us like family.  And the food portions are very generous.  Bring your appetite and enjoy the experience.
I love this place. Finally made it over to the new location, and things have only improved from before. The food is still amazing, home cooked and delicious. You can tell that a lot of time and care has been put into the dishes. I've never been disappointed in anything I've ordered. The menu warns two particular dishes can take 45 minutes to prepare (Flying Jacob and Fish Bake in Caviar Sauce), but they are worth every minute of the wait. The prices, too, are even less than I'd expect to pay for such quality of food.

The new location brings a much larger dining space, and a liquor license. They have a unique selection of eastern European beers that you don't get to try just anywhere. We tried three different Polish beers and they were all quite tasty.

This place still maintains its personal touch. Hanna and her family (the owners) were still on site, circulating the dining room, talking to customers, answering a few of our questions about the origins of the dishes. You can tell how proud they are of their cuisine. I wish I lived closer so I could stop by more frequently!
A full count for tonight's UYE International Supper Club! It was my first time trying Beaver Choice and Scandanavian food, nothing better than an authentic local restaurant to do both. After much deliberation I went with their signature dish, Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu, made with french crème brie cheese, smoked ham, and topped with a side of porcini mushroom gravy, melt in your mouth goodness. It came with 3 choices of salad and a side dish, such a deal and a party for the pallet. I had the green salad(plain but refreshing), tomato basil(burstng with flavor) and the beet salad (which I know doesn't sound delightful considering it's beets) it was blended in a cream and was almost like having a tangy dessert, loved it! For my side dish I chose the savory pan fried potatoes with thyme, yum! I appreciated that two of the owners came to out to offer their assistance on answering any questions, and asked for ways they could improve, a nice personable touch and all the more reason to enjoy eating local. Great food and service!
I'll be back, I still need to try the bacon and goat stuffed chicken, and let's not forget dessert!!!
I came here with the ISC crew and I ended up liking the place a lot more than I expected to. The new location is clean and bright (maybe too bright, they need to add some blinds to block the afternoon sun!) and very cheerful. Our service was good... there were a few mix-ups but that is expected with a large party.

The best part was the food. I got the Polish sampler and I couldn't believe how much food I got. Stuffed cabbage (golumpkis) and a few perogis plus the main attraction, either bratwurst or kielbasa) along with three veggie side (aka salad) choices and one starch. The portions of each of the veggie sides were fairly small but if there is something you really like you can double (or triple) up. For me, I wanted to try as many as possible so I got a variety. Pickled beets, green bean salad, tomato salad and Rosti (potato pancake). I know that for those of you who don't regularly eat Eastern European food some of these items may not sound so appealing but believe me when I tell you they were all delicious. My husband got the pork Schnitzel with the beef and mushroom gravy (Jagerschnitzel) and he was even more happy with his meal. Pretty much everyone at the table was remarking on how  good the food was and how much you got for your money.

Fortunately this place is not to far away from my home so I definitely will return!
Went to Beaver Choice with the International Supper Club UYE on a wed evening, this was the place that was picked. I was very excited to try them out, heard a lot of good things from friends so I wanted to find out for myself.

I was given the heads up to make sure to call our reservations in early, that they need time to set up and prepare for parties, so I calld a week in advanced and let them know that I needed a reservation for a party of 15 for Wed at 6:30pm, they seemed a little hesitant so I wasn't sure how the night was going to go when we got there.

We showed up Wed and everything was set up perfectly, Chris, the owners son, showed us where our table was, and was very helpful throughout the entire evening. 

Since I'm watching my calories (who does that when dinning on great food!!!) and my budget (why wasn't I just born a billionaire???)  I asked my best friend if she was up to splitting a dish with me, and she said yes! Perfect!  So we decided on the Schnitzel Cordon Bleu- it was a flatted out chicken breast with smoked ham, imported French crème brie cheese (heaven!!!!) and this delish mushroom gravy, we also had to pick out 3 side salads, and we went with tomato basil, green salad and my best friend was dead set on having the beet salad, she doesn't put her foot down often but that night it was beet salad, and I was thinking OMG that stuff is all yours, who eats beets! haha and with it was pan fried thyme potatoes.

Our food came out, and they even gave us an extra plate, the dish looked amazing, when I got to taste the chicken cordon bleu, I was upset that I didn't just order the dish for myself, so tasty!  But I have to say even though I was not feeling the beet salad, that stuff was amazing, I can't even describe it, it was light, creamy, tad bit sweet. Who would have known!

Though we were there for a while, I wouldn't really say service was slow. Chris told us that they have only been in the new place for 3 weeks and at their old place in Tempe it was just him and his parents who waited tables & cooked; now they have a staff and they are all learning everything together. So I'm excited to come back in a few months to see how they are doing!

Great choice for the International Supper Club UYE to have picked! Enjoyed everything and hope to be back soon!
I had high hopes for this place, and did not get what I was hoping for.  Service was very slow, they were out of what I ordered, and the prices were VERY high.  Food was just OK, nothing to rave about.  Very odd place.
Very cool little place. I'd never been to the old location, but this one has a good number of tables and boothes, a tiny bar w/ seating, and a small patio.

I came here w/ a large group and they were very accommodating, even when it came to split checks!

Theres nothing like starting out a meal by sharing some Quebec poutine w/ your Wonder Twin... Get your minds out of the gutter, kids! Quebec poutine is what they call their fries that come smothered in cheese curds and gravy. Delicious.

I also had the Polish sampler. You get a choice of 3 salads (dont worry, theyre tiny), the choice of a woodsmoked sausage or bratwurst, 3 pierogies, and a cabbage roll. I  grew up on this type of meal, so I was very interested to see if it was "done right". I.E. just like my cousins Nana used to make (she was straight off the boat).

The salads were great. I opted for the tomato basil, potato, and green. The patato was by far some of the best Ive had outside of a cookout. The pierogies were good, and Im usually not a fan of pan fried pierogies. I got 2 cheese and potato and one cabbage mix. Even the golumpki (actually what a cabbage roll is called) was good. I grew up hating these, but the meat filling in this one was a very nic compliment to the not overly cooked cabbage on the outside. My Mom would be so proud that I ate the whole thing, though I didnt entirely care for the sauce they smothered it in. That sauce and my sausage being overdone are the only reason I gave this place 4 and not 5 stars.

I'd definitely recommend this place if youre a fan of old world comfort food. Gero apetito!
OK if you can believe it ,we finally made it here and they were open. It was a Friday night and we called before coming, just to make sure that they would be open.
If you read my reviews you know that i had gone to the one in Tempe 3x's and every time they were closed.

Anyway, here we are. If we did not know what we were looking for we never would of found it.   It is located in a very strange shopping center. So it is not like you would just be driving by and say ,hey let's stop here ,there is a great looking place to eat.

Well, we were seated right away and then we sat. We sat for a very long time. They were quite busy. But, they only had 2 Servers. Plus one bus person.
It was clear they were very overwhelmed. 
They need at least 4 servers and The Bartender should help a bit I think.
He was just standing behind the bar doing a whole lot of nothing while everyone else seemed to be working hard.

It is decorated nicely. We modern Europe for sure.
One of the bus girls that came later explanied some of the terms on the menu ,which we were not familar with and then so did the waiter.
Luckily we had ordered an appitizer or we would of starved for sure.
45 min it took to get our meals. 
We had to flag someone down several times to get drink refills. Other wise we were just sitting there with no food and no drink.

I think the owner should of been going around doing everyones drinks or something. She was going around talking to guests. But, she should be an active part of the serving process as well. When you see your staff is falling behind, you have to help them.
 When the food did come out it was fantastic! I mean truly fantastic.
So that is why I am giving them 4 stars. I would eat there again because, great food is the only reason. 
Please get more help. You need more people working there.

Bathrooms are nice and clean, and there is lots of parking in the lot.

If you bring childern with you, make sure you bring them something to eat and  something to do while they wait for there food.
My daughter has been bragging about this restaurant and I did not know what to expect. I have never had anything on this menu so I ordered the cordon bleu which was reccommended to me by my daughter. I was very pleasantly surprised. The chicken was moist, very flavorful, and really different from anything I have ever had in a good way! The sides are plentiful and they have some really great selections. My favorite sides were the coleslaw, dill potato salad, and saurkraut. Service was good, the place wasn't very busy though at lunch. Food came out quickly and was nice and hot. 

The server kept our drink refilled and was very friendly. This is going to be a new favorite of mine I can see!
A lot of my friends had been talking about this place! So, my boyfriend and I tried it. The waitress/ hostess was awesome! She was very helpful with questions and attentive. I got the chicken Schinzel cordon bleu on a bun. It was great. I've never had Scandinavian/polish food. I would definitely go again!
They nailed exactly what they are trying to do hear with Scandinavian food. Problem is that it's not the right genre for me. Poutine was lights out though.
I wouldn't say Scandinavian is close to the top of my list of dining choices. So please, take this with a grain of salt. The dinner meals were about $15 each ($20 with tax and tip). This certainly surpasses the upper end of what I like to spend on a casual meal. Add a drink to that and you're headed to low $20+. The meals are larger than one person needs - but not quite large enough for two; the wife and I shared, but both left a bit hungry.

Everyone in the family appears to be lending a hand somewhere here, managing, serving, cooking, seating, and so on. The food itself I found to be done well enough and everyone there made you feel welcome and appreciated, like a member of their own family. I couldn't be happier with the service itself, and again, I wouldn't consider myself an aficionado when it comes to Scandinavian, but just about everything on the menu was fried, potatoes, or fried potatoes, so dieters beware. With that nugget of wisdom, I'd have preferred something not quite as fried.

Happy Yelping Phoenix. (err Tempe)
I went to Beaver Choice when it was in its Tempe location and today decided to take my mother to the new location in Mesa. The new place is beautifully decorated and Beaver Choice is no longer the dive of yore. Every time I've been I've found the staff friendly and attentive. The fact that it's a family owned and operated establishment is not lost on me. 

Today's problem was partially my fault. The waitress described the pierogi plate to me, so I assumed it was one of their lunch specials. I ordered the dish, opting for half mushroom/kraut, and half cheese/potato, with the beet salad,  spinach salad, and green bean salad. My Mom chose peas off of their salad list, assuming it was a pea salad.

The pierogis were tiny. I enjoyed my salads, but my spinach salad contained no spinach and was instead mixed greens. What mom though was going to be pea salad was merely cold peas. She told me they tasted like someone had allowed peas to that in the fridge and then served them. She offered to let me try them, but I declined. The sauerkraut was also lackluster and may have been canned.

I would say that the biggest disappointment was the check. We both felt that 13.95 was a bit much to charge for this dish. I admit this was my fault, as I should have asked the price. The next time I go for lunch I'll stick to the sandwich menu.

I've been on other occasions and really do like the schnitzel and stuffed cabbage.
The owners could not be more happy to ensure a good dining experience. As they just moved in the last few months to the location off Baseline Rd, they are working out how to serve a larger crowd. I went last night and boy the food was as good as it gets. My husband and Ihad the Herring plate, Captain's fish, Holsteiner schnitzel and crepes for desert. You just can't get this anywhere else; I did drive from Tucson to check them out. If only I could because my food although did take some time getting to the table, was so good we ordered the Herring plate after our meals came out, because the food disappeared and we were still hungry. I really want to try the Flying Jacob dish, but with a notice that it will take 45 minutes to prepare, I need to find just the right timing as I have to drive home after an hour and 45 minutes. We started eating ordering at 730 so it was too late to invest in that dish.....but how i'm now wishing.......Check out Beaver Choice, the owner Hanna likely will greet you,chat with you, and let you know she's personally going to make sure you get good plates of authentic Scandinavian fare that meet her standards.
Glad we went. The food was tasty albeit a tad boring for my spicy palate.  It was nice to have muliple side dishes to choose from. The restaurant is very nice in yet another unassuming strip mall. We were pleasantly surprised.  Kuddos for a family run business!
Five of us went last night to check out the new location.  It's spacious, bright and cheerful.  The food, as usual, was exceptional!  Two of us had the pork schnitzel, one had the chicken Codon Blue schnitzel, one had the Swedish meatballs and the other not-so-adventurous eater had the Angus burger.  We tried many different sides and salads including cole slaw, marinated green beans, beet salad, potato salad, dill mashed potatoes and pan-fried potatoes.  Everyone had fun trying each other's .  All were delicious!!  For dessert we shared two orders of apple strudel--amazing!!   I also enjoyed a L:ithuanian beer that was recommended by our waiter.  Speaking of our waiter, he helped to make a great night even better with attentive service and sense of humor!  The owner was friendly and funny and welcoming.  We can't wait to go back!!
HORRIBLE......price, service, food, experience.  WILL NEVER RETURN.  
The doors were unlocked and there were people in there eating.  Then the owner came out of the back and said we are closed until 5 pm.  It was 4:30.  I guess proof that the service is horrible and slow was that lunch ends at 2 and they are closed from 2-5 but the couple at the table was still there eating.  Anyways they did let us come in and they offered us a glass of water...that took 15 minutes to get to the table.  When a server finally arrived through the front door all sweaty, he came to bring us menus.  Now it is 5:15. He brought us water and then started to take it away because we already had some, we asked him if we could keep it and it was a good thing we did as he never came back to refill glasses.  He never asked if we wanted anything else to drink and we were going to order a new kind of beer.  We ordered.  It was. 40 minutes before the first plate came and we had no silverware....when we asked the server said, no I gave you flatware already, really? do you see any here? another 10 minutes before the second plate came out and it was cold and was sent back.  There was a bone chip in the sausage.  At each table you could here the servers saying they were out of pierogies and then they were out of baklava, then they were out of......the owner lady started chatting at tables and told everyone she was out of pierogies because she only makes them on Tuesday her prep day..it was Friday.   So all the food must be leftover if she only preps on Tuesday.  VERY DISAPPOINTED, WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.  my one star rating is one star too much, but the lowest score you can give..
As a former customer of the Tempe location we finally stopped at the new location in Mesa. First impressions are always important and we were blown away with the décor .It's simply spectacular.  If you had the opportunity to dine in the Tempe location you must go to the new one. Talk about night and day!  Great new menu with an amazing beer and wine list too. The bar area is awesome and the barmaid was very nice and informative. 

Susie our server was outstanding and covered the specials and was very knowledgeable about the menu. She was very friendly too. Great addition to the staff. 

I finally had the time to try the Flying Jacob entrée and it didn't disappoint one bit. My Polish wife enjoyed the stuffed cabbage. Everything was great! Food was prepared in very reasonable time and presented beautifully.  With all the sides we waddled out with bags of leftovers and a smile on our face.

Last but not least Hanna, Chris, and her family are still the same sweethearts that they were before. They just beam with pride over the new location and should.

Try it you will be thrilled as we were.
You can find my review from my first visit under their first location. For some reason the reviews did not follow, so here is the "update".

Food - As good as it gets. From the Poutine to the Cabbage Rolls, and ending with the French Press Coffee and Strawberry Crepes. Everything I have had feels authentic, tastes amazing, and the family that runs the place is flawless.
Hanna Gabrielsson is your mother away from home. She greets you with the most warmth and love of any restaurant owner I've met.

I stand by my original review which I'm going to paste below. The new place is beautiful. The location, size, and staff are par with the atmosphere Beaver Choice has created. I drive over 30 miles each way to eat here, and I will make that drive over and over again. I will do it for the family, for the fun, but mostly FOR THE FOOD. Original review below.

"I drove 45 minutes from Happy Valley to try this place out, and it was worth every minute. The people who run the place are almost as amazing as the food they serve. We tried the Poutine, Crab Cake, Schnitzel, and my favorite the Cabbage Rolls (freakin' amazing). To top it off dessert consisted of 3 "Beaver Balls" and the "Cookie" Sandwich. I'm not one for coconut, so I didn't try the Beaver Balls, but my friends loved em, and the Cookie Sandwich was a great way to end a phenomenal meal. The entree's come with a side, along with 3 types of salads of your choice. I can not WAIT till they open their 2nd place a bit closer to central city, BUT in the meantime, its worth the drive from North Phoenix for a little taste of Scandinavian/Polish heaven!
The staff A+
The food A+
The fun A+"

Cheers and eat to love, and love to eat!
Dam, I ate at the Beaver and it was very good! I liked it! I liked it!
You just don't get Gravlax or Scandinavian Food anywhere except for cruise ships and Ikea but here you can get real fresh gravlax thats moist, rich and not too sweet and made just right, tasty with dill and a yummy mustard sauce with it. My super generous plate came with three sides and made with Hanna's own pickled beets that were sauced with rich sour cream. The cole slaw is very fresh, sliced nice and thin and seasoned with fresh dill. The tomato salad is very flavor packed with lots of fresh basil. The food was all flavorful and seasoned very nicely. I remember really liking the rosti from the old Tempe location but was disappointed with the rosti from this new Mesa location as it might have been purchased from Ikea as it had that McDonald's hash brown taste to it but I do note the Mashed potatoes and the dill potatoes looked Excellent and I was sorry I didn't order one of them instead of the rosti.

My husband tried the stuffed chicken breast. It was boneless and very moist. It was prepared very well. One of his side was the green bean salad and it was just like everybody's Mom's green bean salad made with those canned green beans.

The house made desserts do differ from the old Tempe location as the Beaver Balls and other baked desserts are gone and I remember they were very good.

We tried the Swedish Crepe with lingonberries. It was good I liked the not too sweet taste of the lingonberries and reminds me of my lingonberry shrubs from my old house that I planted. The crepe was good but the ice cream was too dense and too sweet for my taste.

You get a warm fuzzy feeling dining here as Hanna, her son and daughter are so friendly. They make you feel very welcomed.

This is one of the best family run businesses that you can go too! When you visit Ikea you should think about stopping here!
I finally checked out the new location for Beavers Choice and it was awesome. They have a larger dining room and a new bar with an excellent selection of beer. Upon arrival the friendly staff greeted me and I sat at their beautiful bar. I ordered a Kronenbourg 1664 Blanc with my chicken schnitzel lunch. it was even better than the last time I had it at their last location. A really good tomato basil salad accompanied my meal on the side and It was to die for. It was a pleasant experience and I will be back for more. Beaver on!!
5 stars for food.  5 stars for service.  5 stars for cleanliness & speediness!  My Gram and I decided to eat here since she is a fan of Scandinavian food.  This place is KILLER good.  I literally had to hand my fork & knife over to my Gram because, while I was totally stuffed from the lunch portion of Jager Schnitzel, I was ready to shovel every last bit into my mouth.  The coleslaw, potato salad, thyme potatoes, green bean salad, Hash were all PERFECT.  The green tea was perfect!  The service was perfect!   The (literally) second we walked in the door we were happily greeted and when we mentioned that my Gram couldn't have gluten or dairy he immediately called over his mom to discuss choices.  Turns out, she can have pretty much anything because they will cook it to order!  (And she could even get a gluten free beer!!)

(Can you tell we left totally happy?)
The new location is classy, clean & well appointed... but don't expect any high-brow here, only friendly service and comfortable, FRESH food.  I had the Cordon Bleu Pork Schnitzel sandwich and the dill-mashed potatoes, and the only sandwich in the Valley that compares (if you are lucky enough to have had it) is the Chicken Fried Steak sandwich @ Tex-AZ Grill,  up a bit further in the North Valley.  Don't forget to try a "little" dessert (take it to go, trust me) and maybe a shot of Polish Honey-infused Vodka... Holy SCANDANAVIAN COW!
If you're in the mood for a culinary adventure, this is a worthy destination.  They have an extensive beer menu (mostly Eastern European) as well as numerous cocktails. 

The poutine is good.  I don't know that it's the best poutine I've ever had but it's good.  The gravy tastes a bit cheap so perhaps that's my hangup about it.  The chicken schnitzel is divine.  Well prepared with a tasty sauce.  The potato salad is also some of the best I've had anywhere.  I'm not so much a fan of the green been or basil/tomato salads.  The rosti is delicious.  

It's clearly a family owned restaurant that is run with care and that alone makes me want to return.
I'm giving my first visit 4 stars because there were some issues. I won't go into detail about them because the staff was so apologetic and sweet and it was our waitresses first hour. Hanna made sure that we felt welcome, like family and we are already talking about when to go back. 
I will say that i wasn't a fan of the Poutine but other than that the food was AWESOME. I felt like my Polish grandma was cooking for me. Brilliant!
The food is delicious (comfort food,) the owners and their son are tremendously kind, and the restaurant is clean and comfortable.  

Go to Beaver Choice to relax; this isn't Olive Garden folks, they're not looking to get you in and out in under an hour.  So if you're looking for fast food, go to Wendy's.
Some immediate observations...

Food...good
People...nice
Service...uneven at best

I ordered a TUNBRÖDSRULLE which is advertised as the king of Swedish street food.  I saw Tony Bourdain eat one of these things on TV once and I put it on my list of things to do.  First, you should note this is certainly the only place in AZ where you can get a TUNBRÖDSRULLE and quite possibly the only place you can get one for several hundred miles in any direction.  So if nothing else they have the market cornered on TUNBRÖDSRULLE.

So you ask...what's a TUNBRÖDSRULLE?  Well, it's served with mashed potatoes, one or two sausages, salad, tomatoes and räksallad (shrimp salad) all wrapped in a soft thin tortilla bread and covered with a thousand island like sauce.  For the most part it tastes about like it sounds.  It wasn't bad, but to be sure its one more thing checked off my bucket list.  As a side note, if there was shrimp salad in the thing I couldn't detect it.  

Also ordered  the Jagar Schnitzle with fried potatoes.  It was actually quite good.

On an aside, I forgot how much Scandinavian food uses dill.  I'll be belching this meal for quite a while.

Overall a place I'd do again although I've sworn off TUNBRÖDSRULLE and will probably be a little more mindful of my dill intake in the future.

Somewhere between a  3.5 and a 4 but I'll round up for this one.
Polish culture always have great taste in furnishing comfortable atmosphere. This place says a sleek all the way. Inside or outside the place is roomy, great for family invites. Polish country know their vodka and this place has a bar that has pulsating cool color changing lights, good to mention polish ladies carry them self well. Fast service and the food came out fast. I ordered the cordon-blue, salmon burger, and a bunch of sides but no pierogies (none till next week...?) I enjoyed the food but have no credit due to my knowledge polish/Swedish food.
Our first time in. We weren't sure what we'd get, but when we saw in other reviews that they  had schnitzel we thought we'll give them a try. So glad we did!  Place is clean, waitress very friendly. But mostly ~ the food was awesome! Schnitzel's come w/ your choice of three side 'salads' and your choice of starch side.  I had the pickled beets, sauerkraut and potato salad for my three sides, with the dill whipped potatoes as a starch. The schnitzels came in lunch size and dinner size. I ordered the Cordon Bleu Pork schnitzel. How they got the ham and cheese inside that pork steak is a great question, but they did and it was awesome. Hubby had the Jagar Schnitzel and let me taste his, as great as mine was. The owner came out while we were there and went to most tables to stop in and say hi, I think she knew just about all of them! Having been to Germany and had Schnitzel made right, I was thinking i'd have to go back to Germany to find anywhere that would make them that good. I'm happy I've found this place, much cheaper than plane tickets! I recommend.
It was late July in Lucerne, Switzerland.  We were caravanning (camping) through Europe and on this day, we had landed on the shore of Lake Lucerne.  We walked up and down the lakefront, enjoying the beautiful weather and the excitement of being in a foreign land.  We decided to have dinner on the patio at a local restaurant, and not being able to speak a lick of the various languages spoken here, we did the best we could struggling with hand-gestures and broken, poorly-spoken German from our translation guide.  We eventually got a menu written in English with grammar that would make Engrish.com proud. 

What does this have to do with Beaver Choice, you ask?  Great question.  I was drawn back to that day in Lucerne today as I perused the menu of Beaver Choice.  With a variety of Schnitzels, accompanied by a myriad of choose your own side dishes, I remembered fondly the cuisine of this wonderful town.  Yeah, okay, no, Beaver Choice is not Swiss.  It's a heady mixture of Scandanavian/Polish dishes with descriptions that defy grammatical structure, but nonetheless, describe the delicious dishes to perfection.  I chose a Chicken Cordon Blue, a chicken breast pounded thin, with a savory slice of Black Forest Ham and a creamy Brie layered within.  This was all breaded and fried to perfection.  Served with a side of Porcini mushroom sauce, I have to pause here to tell you this.  I hate mushrooms.  With a passion.  To me they are disgusting, fungal creations that remind me of, well, nevermind.  I ordered the sauce on the side.  The friendly and accommodating waitress advised me that is how it comes.  wonderful.  this dish comes with three salads, your choice, selected from a laundry-list, I went with a cole slaw, green salad and tomato/basil.  It also comes with a side.  I ordered the Rosti.  this is essentially a potato-pancake, but done at Beaver Choice, it is a golden-brown fried creation that melts in your mouth as it dances on your tongue.   

I dipped my fork into the Porcini mushroom sauce to taste it, and behold, despite my aversion to mushrooms, this stuff is delicious.  I slathered it on my chicken and spread some on the Rosti for good measure - making sure to avoid the chunky mushroom chunks.  Seriously, this sauce is delicious.

Our meal was perfect.  The service was friendly and efficient and everything was delicious.    The salads were fresh and crisp, the slaw was slightly tangy with wispy thin shreds of cabbage, the green salad with a tasty, buttermilk-based Ranch Dressing leaves you wanting more.  The tomato/basil, made with fresh Roma tomatoes, basil, onion and a dash of Basalmic vinegar was a perfect accompaniment to the richness of the Cordon Blue.  

There is a separate Beer menu, about five pages listing obscure European beers that would go perfectly with a dinner I am sure.  Be forewarned, the prices are a bit on the high-side, and if you are expecting a quick lunch for less than twenty, you might be disappointed with the price.  but not the food, nor the quantities. 

Will I return?  you betcha.  First chance I get to go back, I'm there.  There were too many other Scandanavian/Polish dishes to choose from, so it's gonna require several visits to eat through this menu.  And eat through it I will!
Last night the good and the STAFF were both awesome.  Would give this place ten stars if possible.   You definitely should give this place your appetite,  you will be thrilled you did!
I'm always game for a culinary adventure and trying a new restaurant. Today, I ventured to Beaver Choice for a friend's birthday and received a full orientation to the Scandinavian, Polish, and Canadian dishes on the menu. My friend has been a loyal customer of this family-run restaurant for sometime now and she received a warm greeting from the owner, Hanna, when she arrived. Hanna was busy in the kitchen making a fresh batch of pierogi and you can tell she pours her heart into the food and greeting her guests. 

For the first time visitors in our party, the birthday girl recommended "anything with the word schnitzel or the meatballs" and the beat salad, homemade coleslaw, and marinated green bean salad. I ordered the the Chicken Schnitzel with the porcini mushroom sauce, which came with 3 side salads and a side for $14.95 on the dinner menu. The chicken was moist but the schnitzel didn't have much flavor on its own and I didn't much care for the porcini mushroom gravy. I love porcini mushrooms and others seemed to like the gravy, but it just didn't do it for me. Maybe I would have been better off with the JÄGAR SCHNITZEL and the roast beef gravy? For my side, I ordered the Rösti (fried potato pancake) which was a little overly fried for my liking. The three side salads, however, were DELICIOUS! The homemade coleslaw was dressed in a light vinaigrette which was refreshing and delicious. The potato salad had a nice dill flavor and the marinated green bean salad tasted fresh (not out of a can). 

The food at Beaver Choice was good, but admittedly I'm not a HUGE fan of this type of cuisine and it was just a little bit heavier of a meal and more fried food than I'm used to. The restaurant does offer a friendly atmosphere and the salmon burger that my neighbor ordered looked quite appetizing so I may just have to return to try the other offerings!
we have been wanting to eat here for quite a while and today we finally made it. We should have kept waiting. My wife had the schnitzel and I had the lox. Hers was just a slab of breaded chicken with what taste like canned mushroom soup. My lox, well I had 1 bite and that was all it took. It tasted like it was made 2 weeks ago and left in the fridge. Now taste is subjective and I realize that. What made sure I will NEVER go back to try something else is when we told the server I didn't care for the fish she  (eventually) took the plate away and charged for it anyway! If you're looking for something a little different I would strongly suggest you pass on this place.
Let me start out by saying, that I loved my food. Let me also start out by saying that our table waited so long for our food that I am pretty sure I would've eaten my own eye if you'd served it to me.
Walking in to the restaurant, we were roundly ignored by the staff and left to stand in the middle of the restaurant and look pitiful. AWKWARD! When we were finally seated, it took 1/2 an hour to receive water. Another 10 to get menus. Another 20 to order, then the pacing of the meal when we finally got our food was weird. Our server was incredibly odd and vacillated between incredibly intrusive and absolutely dismissive. It took one of our friends almost a full 20 minutes after we received our food to get her beer. 
However, the food really was good. We ordered poutine and it was delicious. However, our waiter insisted on correcting our pronunciation of "poutine". 

Me- "I'd like a small poo-tin, please"
Him- " You mean, the POOOTEEN?"

Actually, I speak French and it's not POOOTEEN. Even if it was, don't be a pretentious butthead. 

At any rate, great food but the service needs A LOT of work. But I will be back, if only for the POOTEEN.
Well, I had an experience very similar to reviewer Kelly C.'s. In a nutshell, the food was a joke, service was spotty, menu was inconsistent and the owner was a douche.

Here's the long story:

The wife and I drove by this place a week ago and were intrigued by the name and the Scandinavian cuisine, so we decided we'd go. We looked online at the menu choices, things seemed interesting but we didn't memorize it or anything. Well, we should have, as their table menus (printed on regular 8.5x11 paper) had very little description of all the oddly-named Scandinavian dishes; so, we had to trouble the waitress to describe them.

After all that, we ordered. I got some weird-named dish which was basically shepherd's pie and the wife ordered gravlax (kinda like salmon sheets). After ordering, I had forgotten if I had asked the waitress for the beef in my pie (the other choice is pork) so I got up and chased her down. She told me "No problem, the kitchen's running behind so yours hasn't been started yet and I'll tell them." Well, as you probably guessed I was served the one with pork despite waiting 30+ minutes for it to come out. Not only that, they gave us the wrong sides so I had to wait while the poor waitress went to the back to get the correct ones to even tell her of the pork deal.

I'm not some baby who can't eat pork, I simply ordered beef and wanted beef. When she got back, she apologized and picked up the plate and went to the owner to ask what to do. Said owner had been schmoozing people who were clearly the "bottle wine buying type" the entire time we were there. I saw her whisper in the waitress's ear, and the waitress came back and said "I'm sorry, this is my fault but we're out of beef for this dish today and I should have told you that. I'll buy you dessert of your choice." Well, that's great and I'm glad the waitress was nice but I don't think that is her responsibility. I also don't buy that they were out of beef; could be wrong, but come on. By this time, I was impatient and hungry so I just said "Okay" and ate my food.

To the food: More B.S. Not only did I get pork I didn't order, but the insult was that it was just some school cafeteria-like boneless fatless pork patty. You'd think some real scandinavian kitchen would have some kind of slow-cooked, fat dripping off delicious pork. The gravlax, which we were told was given some kind of salt dry rub had absolutely no flavor. It was just raw salmon, big deal. The only highlight here was the fermented sides like the beet and horseradish and the sauerkraut, but for a pork patty smothered with boring mashed potatoes and a weak plate of gravlax we still paid almost 50 bucks and that's *with* the free dessert (which was apparently pretty good, according to my wife- it was the citron fromage)

The owner is apparently Polish, so on that note I'm not sure what qualifies her to make a Scandinavian/Canadian restaurant; but I guess the results of this visit show that she is not qualified. Save the trip here, you can make most of this stuff at home way easier and much more cheaply with better ingredients.
What's not to love about this place? It's got the Ikea inspired interior, it is Scandinavian after all.  The patrons look like they could have been extras in a filming of the Prairie Home Companion.  A wonderful family who is fully invested in making sure you taste the wonders of their cultural heritage.  And a menu filled with some of the tastiest sauces and heartiest dishes that you can find in cuisine that dwells above the 45th parallel.
My husband and I dined on a Saturday night around 5:30pm and by 6:30pm all tables were full and there was a wait. Which is great for Beaver Choice, but they don't really know how to handle that large of a crowd, or the guests who had to wait. Normally, if you have to wait at a restaurant, it's no big deal. But all the guests waiting seemed so annoyed, and I think it's because the staff was so flustered and nervous. The first thing they asked us when we walked in was if we had a reservation, which we didn't, but what was weird was that like 3 different people asked us and no one knew where we should sit. 

Anyway, besides the awkwardness of the staff, our server was great and able to explain the whole menu, the food was good (my pierogies were cold so I sent them back but the second round were cold too...I just ate them anyway), and the portions were enormous.

It seems that this mom and pop shop is getting too big for them to handle, if they hire a few more experienced servers and a really good hostess, get a host stand so guests aren't awkwardly standing in the middle of the restaurant when they walk in, and train themselves a bit more on customer service, I think they will do just great.
Went there for a girls night out. The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable of the eclectic menu.  She answered all of our questions and accommodated the dietary needs of a person in our group.  I  ordered the Skomakarlada (known as Shoemakers Box)  While very delicious it lacked  seasoning, I added a bit of salt.  I also requested the pickled beets.  The pickled beets were amazing!  And is it weird that I loved the bright pink color?  I will definitely go back again to try the Stuffed chicken breast as the other girls got that and gave high marks for that. The atmosphere is open and airy with plenty of room so as to not feel crowded.  We were also treated to live music! I am not sure if that is an every night thing because  we were there on a Friday night.
If you are looking for an excellent Scandinavian/Polish place, look no further! (They even have a dash of Canadian influence as well.) I am a sucker for Schnitzel and the Pork Jagar Schnitzel is my favorite (pork pounded then breaded & cooked topped with brown mushroom gravy when served.) Seriously AMAZING, my description does not even come close to explaining the wonderful flavor explosion that this dish is! The portions for dinner are large, plus with your dish you also get to choose 4 side dishes total. I like the Creamy dill potatoes, Potato salad, Homemade coleslaw and Pickled beets. For the Canadians out there they serve Quebec Poutine (I recommend the large for the table to share as an appetizer.) They also have hand made Pierogies (yum!)
All in all i have not been disappointed in anything i have ordered here. I love the new location (much larger and nicely decorated.) The staff is super friendly, even when they are busy they are very courteous and attentive.

P.S. They do have Gluten-Free options.
The menu offers an interesting variety of dishes, many of which were unfamiliar to us.  We had been to the old location in Tempe, and their new location is closer to us in Mesa, and has a great deal more seating space.

The staff is eager to explain the menu items, and will offer small samples, if requested.  There is now a full bar, with an interesting selection of beers, wines and liquor.

On each of our visits, we have been very pleased with the quality of the food and service, and the meals are nicely presented and very tasty.  This is definitely someplace we will visit again.
I stopped here because it was featured on the Food Network. Polish AND Scandinavian food. Who would have guessed. I had the sampler plate to try a bit of everything. It comes with your choice of a side AND a choice of three mode side dishes. Amazing. The food was excellent. The staff is friendly, helpful and accommodating. They are a bit slow, so do not come on if you are in a hurry. Very relaxed atmosphere. I will definitely come again.
If I had the money to eat here every single night, I would. The atmosphere is excellent, the smells are heavenly and all the selections of beers/wines could make a grown man cry. The servers are happy to be there. You can tell they take care of everyone like they are family.
Since moving to Mesa, Beaver Choice has expanded their menu as well as their restaurant space. Despite the change in location, they still serve up the same high quality, perfectly cooked meals.

After being seated and looking through the menu, I decided on a dish that they didn't offer at their old location: Frikadeller (Danish meatballs). I also tried some of their chicken schnitzel. The meatballs were perfectly cooked, with great texture and flavor. The sauce was sweet and tangy which I enjoyed at first, but became too sweet for my palate towards the end of my meal. Overall, I still enjoyed it though. The schnitzel was, as always, excellent. It was a nice balance of crispy breading, tender meat, perfectly seasoned.

Service was good, and I'm glad to see some of the members of the family are still there at the restaurant helping out.
Absolutely fantastic!  Best meal we've had since moving to the east valley in 2011.  I had the sampler plate of swedish meatballs and hash and my wife had the entree of swedish hash.  BOTH WERE TO DIE FOR!  Generous portions also come with several side choices - the homemade coleslaw was amazing. We also tried the apple torte and vanilla pudding for dessert and after devouring them, considered ordering another round - they were THAT GOOD!  This family owned restaurant has vaulted to the TOP of our restaurant list...can't wait to go back.
Been wanting to try this place for some time . . . so when a client of mine from Germany suggested this place . . . I jumped at the chance.

The interior was clean with a variety of seating options from high tops to tables to booths . . . we chose a table.  The waitress came quickly and took our drink order while we looked at the menus.  I decided on the Swedish Hash with sauerkraut, marinated green beans, and coleslaw.

The food came quickly and was delicious . . . the coleslaw though looked more like a garden salad . . . this time we decided to have desert and I ordered some kind of polish pudding . . . it was out of this world.

The only reason that I gave it four stars was due to the fact that the service was a little slower than I usually like . . . not sure if this was because I needed to get going to an afternoon meeting, or if it was because the place was busy . . . does it truly really matter . . . probably not . . . because I will definitely be back.
Yum!  I had been to the previous location and loved the food.  I took my parents to the new location today, because we were all craving schnitzel.  We all got the Jager Schnitzel, and it was amazing.  I don't like mushrooms, so I asked for no mushrooms, and the gravy was wonderful and not mushroomy at all.  :)

The portions were huge, and each entree comes with one side and three salads.  There are many to choose from, and we enjoyed all that we tried (rosti potatoes, pickled beets, beet salad, tomatoes and basil, pickled green beans and cole slaw).  We all ate more than we should have because we just couldn't stop.  And, we all have another meal in leftovers to eat later.  

Someone on Yelp commented that dessert was a must, so we tried a vanilla bean pudding and it was tasty.  I don't know if I'd get it a second time, because it was over $7, but it was nice to share at the end of our meal.

We will definitely be back!
We came here a while ago after I have read several reviews raving about this place. I knew about the food is a little pricey, and I knew the wait would be longer than other restaurants. So we brought our phones to kill time.  When we got there, there were quite a few customers already. The place was over 2/3 full.  But we were seated right away and served our water.  Our waiter came to talk to us and let us know there was going to be a 40 minutes wait for food from the time we placed the order. It's ok, we said, we were prepared. We told the waiter my hubby needed to have gluten free dishes, so he suggested a few things that would be GF. So after ordering hubby and I chatted and played on our phones. It was long, especially when hungry. But we are very looking forward to try the new flavors, we did not mind. I remember I ordered Swedish meatballs and potato pancake, and cole slaw. My hubby had a meat dish (sorry it's been too long and I could not recall.) When we were served at first I thought the portion was small for both. Then we both dug in and tried it. Oh it was so good and so filling. My hubby stuffed himself with his dinner and I took a little leftover box home. And the leftover smelled and tasted just as great as the dinner; after I heated it up at home, I did not smell that typical restaurant grease smell at all. I believe they were telling the truth when they said all the dishes were preped fresh!
Classic food vs service.  Food was great.  Service not.  Had to seat myself then wait five minutes to be approached.   Bartender didn't know how to make a drink and told the server "No mixed drinks".  That's a waste of a good liquor license.  Then complained loud enough to be heard when she tried.  Supposedly she was a co owner.   Sad.  Probably family.   That's all for now.
Great Food!
My husband, sister and her husband went here for dinner last night. We were very pleased with it from the moment we walked in when we were welcomed enthusiastically and told we could sit anywhere we wished.  My husband is in a wheelchair so we chose a table close to the entrance.  The waiter, I believe his name was Tim, was wonderful.  He had the patience to answer all the entrée questions we had (and with all those Swedish and Polish dishes we had plenty).  He was friendly and very attentive.  I had pierogi, and tried them fried which was a mistake - next time I will have them steamed like I am used to because the frying seemed to make them less flavorful.  My husband had the Polish plate and it was very good - I sampled all of it.  My sister and her husband both had Swedish platters and enjoyed them.  We liked the beet salad and the rosti potatoes too.  We did have dessert - shared an apple tart and it was really good.  We liked it very much and would definitely return.
After frequenting the original Tempe location, I had taken a break from Beavers but one day I decided to check out the new location and couldn't be happier. They now also accommodate Gluten Allergies which is a pleasant surprise. I am a big fan of the Howard Special. Which I believe has been switched to Schnitzel cordon blue in the new Menu. 

The food is always top notch, yes it does take some time to get your order but everything is cooked to order. I highly recommend the Schnitzel, cole slaw, any of the potato dishes and the Swedish meatballs.
This is a fun family owned restaurant to go to when you are craving some delicious Scandinavian Food with a Canadian twist. Been to their older restaurant several times before and this newer location is both nicer and quite a bit larger.

Came to the new location for my son in law's birthday lunch. He loves this place and so does my wife and daughter. My wife is of Swedish descent and a big fan of this type of cuisine and nothing too spicy. Trust me there is nothing spicy here.

Service was very friendly and most helpful when it came time to order. Started off with some Gravlax for an appetizer and a tasty Beet Salad that we all shared. They were both really good and got us in the mood for more. Hungry!

Ordered the Elk Stew which sounded really good. There was very little Elk meat on the dish and it seemed to be mostly mashed potatoes with a mushroom gravy and some small sides. My wife went with the Swedish Meatballs with some veggies and more mashed potatoes. There was only 6 meatballs and they were very small. It was hard for her to share any of them with the rest of the party.

Daughter order a Cardamom Chicken dish with veggies and mashed potatoes. The sauce was pretty good and had some nice flavors. Birthday boy ordered a Pork Belly dish off the specials menu. It looked really tasty and had a fried egg on top of it and all of that on top of ... wait for it ... more potatoes. My 15 month old granddaughter probably enjoyed the food the most. She was unable to resist catapulting small pieces of beets with it's purple juices across the room and onto the floor. Ha!

They definitely have the flavors down here and a very nice menu. Would like to see more protein on the plates and the cost of the dishes reduced down to a reasonable amount. Fifteen to twenty bucks per plate for lunch portions is a little steep in my opinion. Maybe it was just too much potato per square inch.

Give them a try and see what you think. It could be that they bit off more than they can chew with this new location. The rent here is probably double or triple from what they were paying at the last place. Sometimes keeping it simple is the best way to go. Now only if they actually severed ... BEAVER!

3.5 STARS
Been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally got to check it out during Restaurant Week. Could not be more disappointed from the build up to the place to the actual food & prices, and the fact that the waitress seemed to take pride in telling us we could not have what we were asking for. We ordered off the restaurant week menu and I wish we had just tried the regular menu because it would have been much cheaper and we could have had a little more control over what we got. For example, each dish comes with a starch & 3 salads. For restaurant week, you could not choose the sides so I ended up with tomatoes with basil & a side of pickles. Pickles. 2 sides, not 3- one of which was pickles. But I'm getting ahead of myself. For appetizers, we got a lobster roll & poutine, which is French fries topped with cheese curds and gravy. The fries were freaking epic. The lobster roll was a hot dog bun filled with dill and a few fishy little langostinos. Entrees: schnitzel, a large, uneventful cutlet of sorts with various pickled veggies and copious amounts of dill, and some crazy potatoes that looked good but tasted like the inside of a pool supply store. I got something described as sliced meat over potatoes. Apparently this is Scandinavian for hockey puck on hospital cafeteria potatoes. Keep salting, you will not find the flavor. It is not there. Perhaps that's why they threw a pile of pickles next to it. I'll never know. I'll also never know where the bread is. I asked for some. Saw a lady with a slice. But the waitress, remember the one I mentioned earlier, who seems to take pride in not being the least bit accommodating, let us know that bread was only for people who ordered soup. Oh and the $8 kids meal! Can't forget the 1/2 cup of noodles covered in some kind of sauce that no child would ever touch. Supposed to come with a starch and a side but guess what- that doesn't apply to the pasta dish- so no French fries for the 6 year old but here- have some god damned pickled beets rolled in more dill. Every kids dream.  And now ladies and gents,  get out your bowl molds and jello no bake cheesecake, cause its time for some premade generic, gummy cool whip based concoction topped with jello. Jello.  We got cheesecake and something called lemon fluff. They were identical. Bowl mold shaped blobs of that foamy jello mixed with cool whip that you find at hillbilly bbqs. The only difference was that one tasted a bit more lemony & the other was topped with actual jello.
Honestly, the more I reflect on our meal, the more angry I become. I don't know why anybody likes this place and I wanna punch the waitress in her neck tattoo. You wanna eat what i ate? Save the $100 and go to the cafeteria of your local nursing home.
Love this place! Huge portions, great Swedish food with a Polish twist. The owners are super nice.
Third visit, eating my way through the menu and haven't been disappointed yet!  It's worth it just for the awesome sides and salads, but everything is fresh and tasty.
The new location still has the quaint family feel. Good selection of interesting beers.  I went at lunch on a weekday and I was the only one there, so the service was great, but they also had no one else to take care of.  Even the chef came out of the kitchen and asked me how my meal was. 
From previous visits to the old location I can say that the subs are interesting and delicious. Some of the combinations that sound odd are definitely more tasty than you'd expect. If you want to branch out and have your taste buds pleasantly surprised, check this place out!