I've been to dinners/balls here twice now, and I have to say I'd probably choose the Roxburghe if  I needed a venue for a swanky party.

The venue itself is gorgeous, it really epitomises all the Georgian glamour of the New Town with the opulent décor and grand high ceilings. The staff are really friendly too - if i worked in a fancy hotel the last thing I'd want to have to do would be to wait on a load of students having their end of year balls, but if the staff here thought that they did an excellent job of hiding it.

The other thing that struck me was how nice the food was, considering they were catering for a huge number of people the attention to detail and consistency in the quality of all 3 courses was commented on by several people at our table.

The drinks prices at the cash bar were a bit excessive though, although I suppose it's only to be expected oin a nice hotel. And I guess you do have to treat yourself every once in a while!

It may not have the same reputation as The Balmoral, but I'd say this place is batter hands down.
I've stayed here a few times and always had a great experience so it's the place I always recommend to friends visiting Edinburgh. Great location, nice rooms and very friendly staff but my most recent trip has me feeling a bit disappointed. 
The Internet / Wifi throughout the hotel has not worked for my stay so won't be staying here again.
To be honest the best part of this hotel is the breakfast and the location. My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights at the end of July. 

We were coming for a wedding from the states and were extremely tired when we arrived. It was earlier than normal check-in so we made sure we had talked to reception before our arrival to see if we could get in early. There wasn't going to be a problem. However, when we arrived we were told our room wasn't ready and we could check our bags with the concierge. We understood we were there early so no big deal. We checked our bags and decided to roam around the city. It was beautiful!!! But after about 2 hours of roaming we went back to the hotel. We waited in front of reception...EXHAUSTED! The two receptionists talked back and forth and spent lots of time on the phones, yet failed to straighten the awards and recognition plaques on the wall behind them. It was almost like a fun-house mirror. Finally, after sitting in the reception area for 30 minutes an older couple went up to the receptionist and checked in! My husband got up and then asked the same receptionist if our room was ready now....shocking, it was! They couldn't have told us that when were were basically falling asleep on the couches??!?! BTW this lobby seriously needs some updating. We then were approached by Gavin the concierge. He was very polite and welcoming. He greeted us and walked us to our room! It was nice to see someone who actually cared about customer service. The only thing was he said he was going to be available all weekend and I think we maybe saw him one other time in 5 days/4nights. 
When we got to our room it was the size of a shoe-box. The bed was very comfy. There were NO electrical outlets in the bathroom and No robes. We called reception about the robes and they said we didn't have a room that was suppose to have robes...huh, a four star hotel??? But they brought us robes anyways, so that is one star (I guess)...Another thing is the hair-dryer, ugh. Coming from the states I figured this again 4 start hotel would have appropriate hair dryers. There was one in the desk drawer, yet the cord was barely long enough to reach out of the drawer let alone to my head or the mirror! Super frustrating for us women. I had to go across the street to Toni and guy to get a hair blow-dry! 
To the good....
Breakfast!!!! We had breakfast in bed all four days of our stay and it was great! Very warm by the time it got to us and de-lish! My husband especially loved the black pudding. 
Also, the spa was good. I would give the spa 4 out of 5 stars. I had an hour-long massage and it was almost perfect. The girl applied the amount of pressure I liked and I also liked that she let me pick the scent of the balm she used. Awesome! The only thing was the music. It wasn't exactly 100% relaxing. It was more trendy dinner music, kinda weird. 

Our stay was ok, but just ok... serious updating needed all around. Maybe I had a different image in my mind for this hotel considering my husband and I stayed at another Macdonald hotel in Windsor, UK in December of 2010 and it was stunning!!!
Rooms small (apart from one or two fantastic suites). All a bit tired now.
Full of american coach parties.
Oh.. and they play "highland music" over breakfast.  I think that says everything that needs to be said.
When I travel all I really want out of a hotel is a decent place to fall asleep so I cannot really review this hotel for its extra ammenities. The Roxburghe has comfy beds and the rooms, though small, are well maintained. The heated towel rack was a nice touch. I am going to be disappointed when a hotel does not have that from now on. 

The basement gym is actually quite large for a hotel. The equpiment is a little old, but it has pretty much everything you need from cardio machines to free weights. There is also a pool but I did not check it out. Check-in/check-out was simple and straightforward. The location was also incredibly convenient - near bus stops and walking distance to Old Town. Other than free internet access, I couldn't ask for much more!
We decided to go to The Roxburghe Hotel for christmas Dinner. When we booked we were advised that we would be given Champagne and canapes on arrival. We took a seat in one of the smaller reception areas just outside the restaurant and I noticed a waitress filling up champagne glasses..so we waited....and waited, then noticed other guest go up and take a glass, so not to be one to miss out on the champagne action, i proceeded to ask for a glass, of which the waitress seemed a little shocked, but what happened to champagne on arrival , was really expecting someone to hand me one? preferably on a silver tray!! goodness lol. We did have some canapes, this time thankfully a waiter came to offer some! 
Our meal was very very nice. I started with smoked salmon, Venision for main and creme brulee, the creme brulee was think and creamy and extra crunchy on top - only downside is their really was not enough!! 
We were designated a waitress and she was extremely attentive and friendly, and we appreciated that even more as it was christmas day and working on christmas day does suck!. Im not entirely sure if it was worth £90 per person, but it was a lovely experience.
Reviewing about the swimming pool/steam room and sauna.

I have been using these facilities since September 2013. I chose to join their club due to a corporate offer they had: £30 per month including gym, sauna, swim, steam room at no additional cost, longer hours than the Dalry leisure pool and closer to my office. 

Additionally, they offer courtesy towel, shower gel and shampoo in showers that have curtains. No need to have coins to use a locker - staff will give you a key when they scan and keep your membership card. 

Unfortunately the pool is only 12meters long, but it's not that busy as other places I have been so you could swim in circles if you like! 

Sauna reaches only up to 93 degrees roughly - I would love it being a bit warmer. 

From time to time the shampoo or shower gel might have finished in two of the three showers so you need to look for one that still have some, but if you bring your own no need to worry. 

Better have your sandals with you, as people will walk with their shoes in the area where you walk after your shower and go to change next to your locker. 

Still a member and yes, recommending it!
Not impressed. Had the chicken satay after 2 recommendations from the servers...it was bland and tasted mostly like peanut butter. The portion was small, and I finished it in a few minutes. I didn't think it was worth it, and it was a free meal. I couldn't imagine paying the full price of $22 and being happy!
beautiful, one of my new favorite pools in Vegas..and they're still renovating :) you really do feel like you are in Miami or the south of France with the layout of the pool wrapping around different areas, and all of the grass, cabanas, bridges and bars. Part of the pool and some jacuzzis are partly covered to avoid the sun. Can't wait to see the rest when it is done.
They are definitely still working some kinks out, but I'll give them that since it was opening weekend over Memorial Day.  Overall it's a pretty cool place.  White decor with cabanas, it's an indoor and outdoor club/pool.

Color me impressed Tropicana, you have done some nice renovations. 

Bottle service areas have ledges where they encourage dancing, however they need some rails because that shit ain't safe because drunk bitches be dancing in high heels have no balance.  Beware, only females are allowed to dance up there.  If you're a guy, you'll get kicked off the ledge! hahaha true story
WOW!  Tropicana has done it I tell you.  The Casino is completely remodeled as well as all the rooms, but my review is not about the Hotel.  Tropicana recently opened its new day club (Nikki Beach) and night club (Club Nikki) on May 26th.  This place is off the charts!  The beach club is an all white theme, with white day beds everywhere.  They even have some kick ass white "Tee Pee" cabanas.  The pool is a little small but the day club is simply amazing.  The vibe is much more up my alley compared to other day clubs like Rehab and Wet Republic.  In these two clubs there are numerous drunk college kids and what I like to call Guebos (Jersey Shore type guys that are completely ripped and like to do monkey dances as they try to attract the opposite sex).  Not at Nikki.  They are a little more strict there (dress code, no drinks in the pool, guys cant dance on ledges, etc).  Don't get me wrong you can still have fun Vegas style. but the rules tend to not attract that "party till Im retarded" type crowd.  The service could be better honestly, the staff was all incredibly friendly but I felt like it took an hour to get a drink once we ordered it from our cocktail waitress.

Now the night club....
    Again....wow!  This is a smaller club compared to most but the atmosphere was very similar to the pool, chill but people are here to party.  They have an amazing light show to dance with, the dance floor is fairly good size, and they have plenty of tables.  They also have three bars around the club which makes it nice ordering a drink (you dont have to wait forever compared to other clubs that have one bar).  Elaine was right, they have a wood platform around the dance floor that girls can get up and dance on, but if you are of the male sex security will grab your ass down within a heart beat.  NOW HERE IS THE BEST PART OF THE CLUB: They have a champagne muse (looks like a circle chandelier) that goes around a track on the roof and will drop down from the ceiling to your table if you order certain types of champagne.  Their is a beautiful girl on it dressed like an Angel and she will literally deliver the bottle to your table while being dropped from the roof!  Awesome right!?!? 

 If you are debating about going to check out these clubs because they are located at the "ghetto Tropicana" I would wait no longer.  Tropicana has outdone itself and I can honestly say these clubs are among the top clubs in Vegas.  GO!!! =)
Club Nikki! Surprisingly nice club! Who would have thought to go to Tropicana for a fun night? I sure didn't! 

I didn't get to witness the angels descending from the ceiling serving drinks, but I can see how this place could be rockin' if more people discover it. The guy with the drums is a really nice touch. Every club should have a drummer controlling the bass! The club is really small but it has a lot of potential. Britney Spears is supposed to be at the after party this weekend. We just barely missed her!
I'm probably giving this a four because it is my first beach club i've been to in vegas. It's pretty small but it's intimate, I like that. I also like all the white beds and tables around the place. Makes it feel like an actual beach and bright, and the wooden furniture give the place great contrast. 

PS: I love the little seats and table they have underneath/behind the waterfall. Great view of the entire place.
This place was awesome. We had a VIP bed and they treated us like kings. Thank you to Michael Sin for hooking us up! Lots of highly attractive folks here - hot weather, cool pool, amazing DJ.
I've been to Encore Beach Club, Wet Republic, and The Palms and I must say that the level of service at Nikki Beach is second to none. The food seems pricey until you see the portions they come in. If I had to choose for a pool party, it would definitely be Nikki Beach.
It's a great mix of people and a fun time!

THE DIRTY:
While there were "cocktail waitresses," not one came up to us, ever. We were there for 4 hours..... just saying.
The people who work at the walk-up bar are soooo sweet/awesome/amaze-balls!

THE SCENE:
It was pretty random. I was def the hottest chick there, but that's not to say that there wasn't eye candy. It was just a true blend of people and social diversity. But, the main focus was that we all wanted to have fun! LOVE it!

OVERALL:
Someone jacked my sunglasses, whatev...
Poor chair-side service....
The pool water was chilly....
A good vibe from the people there....
Order a Mojito! Sooo Good!!

I can't say if i recommend or not, bc i was there on e Wednesday and it wasn't crackin'.


xo-
andrea
Wayyyy too packed at Nikki Beach. 

Tip: Be sure to find a promoter to get in for free, cause I don't think it'd be worth it to pay. 

We went on a Saturday afternoon. Nikki Beach looks nice, I like the all white theme and intimate environment. However, the pool is so small and it was so packed. We couldn't find space for our party of 15+, so we decided to just hang out at the regular pool.
We were there with my girl,on Sun 7/17 - we had a great time by the pool!-) Sun,drinks,beautiful woman next to me...what else to ask for ???..-)))
Happening pool. I give 4 star bc the pool is small but the music is great.
I went to the opening of Club Nikki last night. So this will be a review one the club portion only.

It was a disaster! The club was so disorganized. You couldn't tell where general admission , table reservations, general admission, etc. was. I've been to several clubs and this one was a HOT MESS. I am hoping that it is just beginners jitters. Seriously, I haven't been that frustrated in a club in a long time, especially since these places literally kiss your ass when you have bottle service.

Get it together, Nikki Beach. They layout and look of the place is pretty awesome and the fact that the Tropicana keeps telling all the big casino corporations to effe up, I want it to do well.
Let's just say Vegas treated us like royalty - and Nikki Beach was the crowning glory.

This place is like Nikki Beach Miami, amplified. Everything's sparkling white and brand new. Absolutely gorgeous setup, with a waterfall, white daybeds and teepees everywhere.

From our own personal bodyguard, to the VIP host, to the lush teepee where we made our home, to the drinks & food we were served - to the spot-on service from every single employee, we were in LOVE.

Granted, I can't speak to cost as I wasn't involved in that aspect - but to say this setup was pricey is probably a major understatement. The teepees beat out a cabana any day, with a flat screen TV, insanely comfy couches, fully stocked everything ... just badass.

If you're in Vegas, this is a must visit. It's classy, sexy, spotless and beats out every beach club I've been too. Yes, the pool is small (given the number of occupants this place could probably hold), but that's one minor blip on an otherwise perfect establishment.

If I'd only had a Tiffany's tiara, I would've sworn we were Princesses. A girl could get used to this.
This place can kiss my ass.
Don't try to sit down at one of the million empty tables. They will try to kick you out.
Order a glass of water..$7. really? After the $10 drinks? Eat it. 
avoid At all costs
So, the day before my friend and I decided to hit Nikki Beach, I texted a host contact of mine for the guestlist. Score! Since we were going on a Thursday (industry day), he hooked us up with a daybed. We walked into Trop and got immediately confused and turned around (everything looks so much shinier and newer) and ended up at the Cafe to ask for directions. Security decided to escort us over to the indoor entrance (so we wouldn't have to go outside just yet) which was further back by a pool gift shop. There were several hosts around, all of whom were very friendly. One of them checked our reservation and confirmed that it was comped with no F&B minimum. Yay! It was about an hour and a half past opening and the place was pretty crowded. So glad we got the daybed because those are the closest areas to the water and if you don't have a daybed or cabana, you're pretty much sitting on the low walls that surround the area. Our server was very friendly but service was a little slow since there were so many people around. The one thing my friend and I noticed about the actual pool was the depth. The majority of the water is MUCH deeper than a lot of the other over 21 pools. For the most part, everyone was pretty chill and friendly and the crowd was definitely different from the usual fist pumping group (they were present, of course, but there was more variety here). The pool is a bit small but definitely cleaner looking than Bare and Tao Beach. The whole area is a bit smaller as well but it did have a much more intimate and hidden space which I really liked. Overall a great experience, I will be back!
The Tropicana has out done itself! Nikki Beach Day and Night Club is a  beautiful white oasis! I came for  the Day Club. It  had a nice vibe and the DJ tapped into it very well.  We had beers for $8 each and a $30 quesedilla so be prepared for the sticker shock.  The good news is that it was delicious and large enough portioned to be sharable. The pool was small but in a way that was kewel since it forced you to be more social. The staff was beautiful - they remembered to hire hot guys too! I went on August 7th and the bartender was friendly, attentive, and serving up drinks with the freshest ingredients!  The crowd was a sexy eclectic diverse mix of ethnic, age, and social backgrounds.  I hope it stays that way.
ohh how I love thee....Nikki Beach is def the place to be if u happen to visit Vegas....
Miami Nikki has nothing on this one...I mean...starting from the brand new cabanas, Teepes and top notch customer service...I'm in love! 
We had an awesome time, with our very own personal bodyguard , how can a girl ask for more. My only complaint..if any..would be the size of the pool...it seemed a bit tiny compared to others we've seen...but heck...it was packed and it was FUN!!! 
Thank you Nikki...you rock!!!
Went here for the nightclub last Saturday. I didn't have high expectations since it was a small club at the Tropicana i hadn't really heard to much about it and the guest was Dennis Rodman, who knew he was still alive. It was a going away party for a local friend and we decided to go big since we really like her and got an indoor cabana with the neighboring corner booth. I got pretty drunk and stayed at the cabana pretty much the entire time, and had no complaints about my time there except for loosing my camera which is a personal problem. I enjoyed the girls dressed as angels coming down to deliver the bottles I though that was really cute and fun. The music was great and the company was even better.. Its in my opinion that this club was a little bit cheaper then some of the others. We got a buy one get one deal and had belvedere and circoc delivered to the table, Everything was executed in a professional manner and we had a lot of fun.
The day before we had attended the pool party at Hard Rock, and let me say, this set the bar for pool parties in Vegas. 

Here is my story, and its just one story but it left a bad enough taste in my mouth I had to leave a review.

We show up at about 11:45am, pool opens at noon. About 15-20 people are waiting. (this is saturday). Line forms, nice enough staff up to this point. Free admission, no problems. The slew of about 10-12 bouncers are now text messaging like crazy for the entire time we are waiting, which if you've been to Vegas is just obnoxious, but its part of their job.

My wife is stopped in front of me and this conversation takes place.

Bouncer: Can you smile please?
My wife: (laughing) Really? 
Bouncer: This isn't the first time I checked an ID miss (sternly)

I laugh, hand my ID and we continue to the "pool". The rest of our party follows.

The club area we walked through looks pretty cool, nice decor etc. No complaints for this.

First thing we notice, the pool is about the size of a nice health club hot tub. And its stadium seating day beds. If you want to lay out, I suppose this is pretty good, but it was advertised as a pool, and this big pool party. 

We nab a menu, figure we should order some buckets of beer. 

Nope, but they do have $70 buckets of some fruity drink...

And out we walked. In the end, looked like it had potential, but the setup compared to hard rock was EXTREMELY weak. I highly suggest you check out one of the more popular pool scenes in Vegas.
Horrible horrible experience.  Went here to check it out on word of mouth.  Got there around noon only to have to wait until the staff felt like there were enough people there to make it look cool to come in.  

Got in with no charge because we were interested in renting a day bed.  Got in and saw the size of the pool and that NO ONE was there, and just left.  It was laughable how small the pool was compared to other places.

We walked out and I plan to never go back.
SUCH A GOOD TIME!

This was my first Vegas pool party experience. I went there on a Thursday pretty early like at 12:30 and it was kind of dead. We were on some list so both got free but I am pretty sure everyone got in free. They mentioned daybeds you just had to spend $50 but my boyfriend doesn't really drink so wasn't sure if it would be worth it. Since it was pretty empty we found a place to put our stuff and it was fine.

The pool is TINY.. like the size of my pool at my apartment. The actual place is pretty big with rows of daybeds that didn't fill up but I assume it may be because it was a Thursday or it just doesn't get that busy here. Drinks are average Vegas prices. We chilled in the pool for a few hours. The crowd is fun.. very mixed! DJ was good. both played hip hop all day.. Fun atmosphere with beach balls and people just hanging out. Since the pool was so small I felt like it was so easy to talk to people and make friends. I've been to Encore beach and its SO big and spaced out that it is totally not like that. I had a great time but def want to check out the rest of the pools before the season is over!
Horrible beer selection. Is this a high end establishment or a frat party. They sell frat party beer.  Pathetic really, it's 2011. I don't care who your beer vendor is, etc.  Stock better beer. The nasty part is the beer they do sell is the kind that makes people have to go pee alot.  And there's already a very crowded pool full of drunk people.  EEEK.
Drinks are pricey $35 for two drinks. Pool is on the small side.
Best place for some good ole' fun!! I recommend to anyone visiting Vegas.. Ant the Tropicana is looking good to boot!
After being at Encore beach club and some of the other Vegas day parties I wasnt  too impressed with Nikki Beach. I came here because I heard it was the newest day club and the reviews made in seem like it was going to be a good time. We came on a Saturday around 1pm. I was expecting a line but we walked right in. So glad we did not have to pay a cover. Although the layout was nice, the decor was cool, the pool was a huge disappointment. It's tiny! There was no one there!  After staying for about an hour we went back to our hotel pool which was packed. If your looking for a relaxing place to tan or dip your feet this is the place for you.
Okay... What do you get when you cross a $500 table and bottle service, a Michael Jackson impersonator, and a half-naked transsexual dressed up like a very convincing and more disturbing Joker ala Heath Ledger?

That's right!! Halloween in Vegas!

Some guy wrapped these bands around our wrists while strolling down the strip and we decided that Nikki Beach would be the designated spot to get both our drink and freak on. We weren't entirely disappointed.

The bands that the guy said would get us in free actually got is on for $10 off admission. What are you going to do... it's Vegas right?

So table service is $500.00, yes I said $500.00. It comes with one bottle of your choice and mixers. We skipped out on the table service and ponied up to the bar and bought our drinks the old fashioned way... one at a time. The drinks were EXPENSIVE, but again it's Vegas. This is the only place in America where you can buy a vodka and Redbull on the street for $6 and pay $16 for the same drink in a club.

The dance floor was adequate but the place got packed quick. As far as the tables were concerned... they were ALL reserved for people willing to shell out $500 to sit down. So, you either danced or stood. No sitting allowed. The DJ was good but his mixing was horrible. He went from fast song to slow song with very little thought in transition. It made dancing kind of difficult. The coolest part of the night was the MJ impersonator. At first, i was thinking "cheesy" but the guy was really good. Afterwards though, it was all downhill. I know night clubs are supposed to be packed but this was a little ridiculous. I probably wouldn't go back to Nikki Beach, one because I'm not really a club goer and two because this place was pretty lackluster considering the prices.

Oh yeah, the half-naked transsexual with The Joker makeup was frightening... however she got in free so that's why I gave them a third star.
How low the mighty have fallen. Place was dead at 12:30. One of the bouncers tried to start a fight with me and my girl. Guess that's what happens when you have more bouncers than dancers. Don't waste your time.