A great, inexpensive, off the Strip dining choice for Spanish tapas. I went there with my mom and aunt and several friends and really enjoyed myself.

They're open late and the sangria is also quite delicious!

UPDATE:
Do not miss the Thai beef salad.
And skip the tuna tartare!
AN extra star because they are open until 2 a.m. but minus a half a star because they don't tell you when you call that you need reservations even at 11:30 at night.  Thankfully you can sit at the bar and apparently the place has regulars so pull your stool up to one of them, and if sober, they'll tell you what's good or not.

This joint is jumping and its easy to understand why; the service is fast and friendly, the food is very tasty, a bit creative and very inexpensive.  My and my hungry mouth sister went and with cocktails had a bill of only $30.  I thought I was back in South America and the menu's latin style flavor only reinforces that.

We passed on the famous (soaks 3 days for flavor!) sangria but enjoyed a number of delights.  Their signature Firefly fries are a bit greasy but quite tasty.
This was my favorite meal in Vegas.  The tapas were tasty, and though Spanish cuisine is usually difficult for a vegan I found plenty to eat.  The blood orange mojitos were great.  The servers were very cool, projecting a low key but attentive persona.  I would certainly eat here again.  The tomato soup is fabulous.  The patio is painted in a scuffed red and is delightful if you can stand the smokers.
Came here for a friend's bday celebration this weekend. Pretty good tapas place a street parallel of the strip. Everything was pretty reasonably priced and the food was pretty yummy. 
After a couple Heine's, sangrias and Millers we got a bit rowdy but it was all in fun and other people seemed to be tolerable of the racket we caused. 
Minus a star for not being able to sing Happy Birthday to their diners. We had to do that ourselves and had a great time. =)
Pretty good tapas, but a total douche-fest. Nothing but fake tittie bitches and Federline-looking losers.
My friend lives for this place - taking all visitors to Vegas to one his favorite spots to drink, eat and be merry.

We started off with a pitcher of the White Sangria ($18.00).  It was nice to even have that option.  I was a bit disappointed with the lack of fruit. If you read any of previous entries regarding sangria, I live for all that fruit shit marinating in the wine!  So, bring it on! 

I remember getting a complimentary  Firefly*fries (parmesan, herbs, aioli) to start of our meal - anything complimentary is ALWAYS appreciated!  Some of the tapas we ordered included Stuffed dates (bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese) $4,  Patatas bravas (roasted red potatoes in spicy aioli) $4.50, and some kind of meat tapa.  Sadly, I can't remember much else about what we had that evening. 

In all fairness, I didn't have much of an appetite.  I was, uh *ahem*, recovering still and couldn't enjoy the various goodies that arrived at our table.

But I would definitely give it another go because I usually love tapas and I'm confident that if I was in my healthy state, this place would rate higher.

Update! 02/26/07 - I finally got around to trying this place out again, and this time I was healthy and hungry!  It's Friday night and packed!  With an hour and half wait, we wing it outside under the heating lamps.  They started us off with bread, some type of buttery spread, and olives.  We ordered the ceviche of shrimp, which was tiger shrimp, avocado, and two corn tortilla chips ($8.50).  The ceviche was good, not sure how much shrimp was actually in the dish though and only two chips?  The roasted eggplant cannelloni, made with goat cheese and tomato sauce ($5.00) was a surprise hit.  It came in a set of three and the BF definitely plans on ordering this one again.  Tasty, especially if you're a goat cheese lover.  We order the lamb chops medium, and they came a bit overcooked.  With two chops, a red wine reduction, and sauteed lentils and veggies ($8.50), you got a bit more bang for your buck.  The baked filets of grouper that are marinated with herbs, lemon and garlic ($6.50) came with three pieces and lacked flavor.  I ended up using the sauce from my ceviche to give it a kick.  The pulpo asado, which is marinated and grilled octopus with a few red potatoes and chopped tomatoes ($7.50) was okay too.  We finished off with the BF's favorite - Banana-Nutella Sandwiches ($5.00).  This came with four triangles and you're supposed to dip it into the Nutella sauce.  The sauce was cold when we got it, but the BF claims it's usually served warm.  With a party of four, we shared a pitcher of their passion fruit Mojitos ($7.00/glass; $28.00/pitcher) that was pretty yummy.  (I love mojitos!)

Overall, the food was okay.  We couldn't enjoy their meat dishes as much b/c our company was doing the "No Meat Friday" thing.  I'm upping my star rating from a three to a four because the atmosphere is good, and with tapas, everyone seems to have a good time.  I would definitely recommend making reservations though for busy evenings!

Happy Hour is Mondays through Fridays from 3 pm to 6 pm.  1/2 Firefly Drinks (sangria, mojitos, specialty martinis, and infused vodka) and well drinks.  Appetizer plate is included


Appetizer plate included, which is 1 stuffed date, 1 albondiga, and 1 tortilla espanola.
A great location that's somewhat off the Strip, but very close to all the major hotels - easily accessible if you have a car.  The bar was a little tight, but it's a very popular location.  Great music, even though when I was eating, there wasn't a live band.  It's not the most authentic Spanish food around, but it's a great departure from the standard steakhouses and buffets in Vegas.

BTW, I realized that if you say "I'm going to a tapas bar" that it sounds like something not so innocent.  Good for a laugh or two (but gets old very quick).  It's also a handy way to find out how dirty your friends are.

PROS:
- Reasonably priced (about $25/pp with some drinks)
- Wide variety of choices on the menu
- White wine sangria is very light and easy to drink
- I really liked the empanadas, duck rolls, and 
- In a plaza with several restaurants, including Ruth's Chris - so if there's a long wait, there is always an alternative

CONS:
- The paella was the worst thing I've ever eaten in a tapas bar
- The bruschetta was a close second
The food here was surprisingly good and the service was perfect.  I ordered several tapas...the best was the calamari and the worst was the octopus (it was like a "fear factor" challenge).  Even though the food was exceptional, I can't imagine returning since it just wasn't my scene.  Any time I looked around the room, I was horrified by the other people there.  Mostly 30-something's who get their fashion ideas from TRL (the table near me had a young father with a mohawk and his little baby had a mohawk too).   Now that I think about it, there was a lot of bad hair.
If you're in the mood for tapas. Check out Firefly on Paradise next time you're in Las Vegas. Located off the strip and away from all the riff raff, Firefly offers yummy ceviche of red snapper, stuffed dates, roasted eggplant canneloni, tuna carpaccio, baked shrimp with roasted garlic cream, chorizo clams, empanadillas, skewer of beef, and so much more. 

I had a great experience here, much better than any of the overpriced fine dining restaurants in Vegas.

With excellent service and reasonable prices. Tourists, venture off of Las Vegas Blvd and onto Paradise Road!!
whenever i have guests coming to vegas wanting to eat well, drink well, and be merry...i take them to firefly.  they serve spanish tapas, they have pitchers of delicious sangria, they have live music on certain evenings, it's off the strip, and they are open late.  start off with a pitcher of sangria.  i recommend the white if you have a bunch of newbies that don't like wine too much.  i usually have the ceviche w red snapper, the boquerones which are spanish white anchovies on toasts w/roasted red pepper, my absolute favorite almond and blue-cheese stuffed sweet dates that are wrapped in salty fatty bacon. garlicky and cheezy firefly fries, my other favorite merguez ([spicy lamb sausage), tender sweet lamb chops, camarones a la diabla, and to finish it off with the extrodinary banana-nutella sandwiches.
i wouldnt recommend this place as nice great date place because it does get loud when it's very busy and with live music playing in the background.  they also have outdoor seating.  this place can get really busy.  i would call in advance to see if reservations are needed.  this is a really fun place to go to.
So I went to this place with pals J. and M. It was my last night hanging out in Vegas, and we were talking about coming here because of two things we have a love of: bacon, and mojitos. Well, I was satisfied.

This little tapas bar was definitely full of an early evening swingles crowd in sequined halters and those non-wrinkle-able slacks, but there were also some large groups and families sitting around. We got a table outside on the heated patio and the waiter brought a basket of yummy crostinis, black olives, and a sweet/garlicy butter. 

I had a raspberry mojito, and also tried the blood orange one. Both were delicious and I'm sure the other selections from the bar are just as good. Absolutely, you must try the figs wrapped in bacon in a red wine reduction, and the tuna tartar. Although not enough taro chips for the tuna tartar.

Other things worth trying are a variety of skewers, ceviche, and artichoke toasts. 

Our service was incredibly slow, although supposedly that is not the case at Firefly usually.
i live in vegas and this restaurant is one of my favorite places.
for tourists, if you wanna jus chill and hang away from the strip, this is the perfect place. their sangrias (both red & white kinds) are Bomb! 
it's a tapas joint, so many varieties of different kinds of foods (not just spanish food either) but they have mini burgers, beef tenderloin skewers, ribs, veggie dishes, and of course desserts (my favorite is this banana one that you can dip into hazelnut chocolate) 
anyways, long story short, great drinks and food at an affordable price, so def check it out!
A nice inexpensive, Spanish tapas restaurant located off the strip. I went there with my friend Tabitha her boyfriend, and a three other mutual friends. They make a pretty good mojito. All of my friends and I really enjoyed ourselves. And yes there open late.
Was taken here for a business outing during my trip to Vegas for a conference.  How did I like it?  Luved it....sure did.....not only because it was off the strip and outside of a casino with fresh air and without the sounds of slot machine bells but because the food and sangria were d-lish-us.  Damn straight.  

If you go, try to take friends.  Tapas are meant to be shared so the more people, the more plates.  Order the empanadas, the duck rolls, the cerviche, and most everything on the menu.  I am not a fan of lamb so I stayed away from those dishes.

Atmosphere was pretty good and music generated a great vibe in the place.  Definitely recommend it.  

**They just opened a sister joint next door called Dragonfly.  It's a sushi place.
So, Firefly is becoming a weekend tradition with my crew.  And even more exciting....John (the restaurants owner/chef) has opened a sequel next door called Dragonfly...we'll talk about that later.

Tapas is a treat, literally.  And the best way to pigout with friends for less money that you would expect. It's like ordering a table full of appetizers.   Hmmm....like TGI Friday's, but good.

Firefly friend pleaser's.......Jug O' Red Sangria
                                               Baked Brie and/or Cheese & Meat Plate
                                               Empanadas

Yummy and way fun to share.  An awesome bar.  Thankfully a bar that knows how to make a kick ass martini.  Cuz when the Sangria is gone you might as well kick it up a notch. BAM!!!

And it sports a pleasing trendy atmosphere at Happy Hour.  Believe me....wall to wall SHINY HAPPY PEOPLE.   Men who use product, and the women who love them.  Wink, wink.
Rachael Ray led me astray...  I tried this place after seeing RR's review on her show.  While the atmosphere and ambiance are nice, you'll leave finding the food mediocre at best.
So I guess this is Tapas Day. So Firefly - I've driven by so many times - Saw it on Rachel Ray's $40 a day....Hmmm finally went there and was quite impressed. BTW THERE IS NO THAI BEEF SALAD IN SPAIN. Whatever and your tapas fusion. Overall - great atmosphere. A little Loud....Drinks are delish. Hmmm Reading all reviews...I'm just gonna copy and paste everyone's to make my own :) Mwahahaha Behold Plagerism!!!
A great, inexpensive, off the Strip dining choice for Spanish tapas.
AN extra star because they are open until 2 a.m. but minus a half a star because they don't tell you when you call that you need reservations even at 11:30 at night.  Firefly is a welcome alternative to the overpriced strip restaurants and clubs.  This is where all of the local crowd hangs out.  It's up the street from the Hard Rock, quick cab-ride from the strip.  Great food, hip but relaxed atmosphere.  Open late with DJ's and more of a bar/loungey crowd the later it gets.  
BTW, I realized that if you say "I'm going to a tapas bar" that it sounds like something not so innocent.  Good for a laugh or two (but gets old very quick).  It's also a handy way to find out how dirty your friends are.
So, Firefly is becoming a weekend tradition with my crew.  And even more exciting....John (the restaurants owner/chef) has opened a sequel next door called Dragonfly...we'll talk about that later.

Tapas is a treat, literally.  And the best way to pigout with friends for less money that you would expect. It's like ordering a table full of appetizers.   Hmmm....like TGI Friday's, but good.

Firefly friend pleaser's.......Jug O' Red Sangria
                                              Baked Brie and/or Cheese & Meat Plate
                                              Empanadas

Yummy and way fun to share.  An awesome bar.  Thankfully a bar that knows how to make a kick ass martini.  Cuz when the Sangria is gone you might as well kick it up a notch. BAM!!!

And it sports a pleasing trendy atmosphere at Happy Hour.  Believe me....wall to wall SHINY HAPPY PEOPLE.   Men who use product, and the women who love them.  Wink, wink. 
Mwahahaha and that is my review completely not plagerized and true...
No Really I knocked it for the crowdedness, and noise levels, oh and for we had really crappy seats when we went....table small. Myke SMASH....
Basically all I can say, because I'm apparently the last person on earth to go here, is:

Hey everyone!  I agree!

Holy poop is this stuff excellent!

I suggested this last night on a whim.  I've been before, but always with people who didn't want to wait.  We did have to wait about 25 - 30 minutes, but my dining partner assured me it was worth it.  We were able to get a seat at the bar and ordered a pitcher of sangria to share.    They have two sangria varieties - red wine and white wine.  We had the white wine and it was delicious - light and refreshing.

After we were seated we were seen promptly by our waiter and it didn't take long for us to choose our selections, all of which were marvelous.  We had the filet mignon sliders, baked brie, camarones a la diabla, and chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms.  Everything was prepared perfectly and was absolutely delicious.  The sauce on the shrimp was divine, and the brie was paired with some deliciously roasted tomatoes.

The only downside was that our waiter seemed to forget about us after our food had arrived and we sat without the bill for a while.  But, while we sat we talked about how good the food was.

Recommended for any occasion.  So flippin' good.
Wanting to stay away from the hotel dining  scene we headed over to "Firefly"!  Holy crap....This place was PACKED on Friday night.  Luckily we had a reservation for 6 and only waited for a about 10mins for a table.  Without reservations we would have been looking at at least an hour wait.  Overall we had a great experience.   The sangria was good and the tapas were even better.  Great little people watching spot to boot.  And last but not least, since I treated my peeps it wasn't  too hard on my AMEX card.  We will definitely be back...
A great tapas restaurant! Had trouble deciding what to order because there're so many things on the menu I want to try. Of course I ordered the mushroom tart because I LOVE mushroom (see my russian family bistro review). The fried calamari is a bit oily though. Everything else was good, but not so spectacular that I remember the individual dish to put on this review.

We also ordered a pitcher of sangria, but later on I found out that I actually do not like sangria. So my boy had to finish the whole pitcher by himself. Not that he's complaining.

I'd definitely come back!
If you are like me, every time you go to a restaurant and take a look at the menu you wish you can be gluttonous and order everything on the menu because you either can't narrow it down to just one dish or you just want a little taste of everything. Look no further....Firefly is just the remedy if ever you are in that situation. A Tapas restaurant and favorite local hangout, Firefly's atmosphere is just as cool as it's food!! My favorites are the Surf and Turf Skewers, Tuna Tartar, Baked Brie, Crab-cake Sliders and of course the Sangria!! If you are looking for great, inexpensive food, awesome atmosphere that is open late and even has happy hour....Firefly is definitely for you!!
4/19/07

Hands down the best Tapas and Sangria place I've ever been to.  Including NYC and Europe.  Great atmosphere, location, music, staff.  Nothing lacking here, except maybe more parking spots.  A great find in the land of CORPORATE Dining.

And those mentioning all the fake boobies and K-Fed lookalikes...  HELLO!  This IS Vegas, they're everywhere!!!  And TAPAS is about little dishes to talk over and socialize over.  It doesn't have to stick to traditional Spanish ingredients.
The light sangria was good- although a bit tooo "iced up" and the chunks of fruit needs to be a little bigger. The stuffed dates would have been good if the bacon wasn't to dry or crisp- i think prosciutto would've worked better...but the sliders were good. the ambiance kind of sucked- we ate outside and it was literally in the middle of the parking lot- it would have been nice if they could've covered it with greenery or face the outside dining on the sidewalk to see passer-by's even then it was kind of whacked...i guess coming from the hotels and all of sudden being out in the middle of the parking lot- i have to take off points for the ambiance...our waiter kind of sucked too- you would think they would at least talk about the menu a bit and be excited about being there! i guess if you're gonna check this place out- I suggest you eat inside- the place is forgettable not one i'd go back to when I'm Vegas...I've had better tapas and sangrias...
This is my favorite nightspot in Vegas. Amazing sangria, great tapas, good looking people. It's gotten a bit too busy recently, but the attention is justified.
You definately have to make reservations for this place. It gets packed during dinner time and it's a rather small joint. I went with a big party so i pretty much tried everything. I really didn't think it was that great, but everyone else LOVED it. The mojito pitchers were good, I didn't know the sangria was that good or else I would have tried that! My fav was the filet mignon sliders.... yum. They have dessert too, but nothing too memorable.   The service was ok, the place gets pretty loud and crowded, but for a big party, it wasn't so bad.
This place is crowded not just on a Friday night as other reviewers have stated, but also on a Sunday afternoon!  Some local friends wanted to take us off-strip, and I'm glad they picked Firefly.  The food was good (loved the tuna ceviche) and so was the sangria.  While we were there, a small R&B band started playing, and it wasn't long before people got up to dance.  Very diverse crowd, everyone having fun and enjoying the food and music.
This was a good place - to get off the strip and do something different in Vegas. I can't rave about any of the tapas. They were all fine, but nothing really great. The filet mignon sliders came highly reccomended - I am not sure why. Overcooked hamburger was what I tasted, not a great deal of seasoning. I wanted more - of something else. And I never really got it.  The sangria was good as well - but nothing exceptional. 
So the bill was reasonable - that was nice. But this place could be so much better - better food, nicer staff. Give it a try, maybe it was a bad night to be there. Oh and PS - there were tons of cougars there. Tons.
This place is definitely one of the best local favorites in Vegas.  No longer a secret, be sure to make reservations or show up 2 hours before you expect to sit and eat.  

Usually I think tapas places are a rip off, but this place had delicious items for decent prices.  AND the service was great too.  I made reservations for a group of about 12, was able to push the reservation later on that same day, and my friends were seated 15 minutes early.  Even though the place was semi-crowded, we werent waiting forever for our drinks or food.

highlights of the menu:
crispy duck rolls, bacon-wrapped dates, ahi tuna skewers, and pretty much everything else.

major plus for affordable pitchers of mojitos and sangrias.  DEFINITLEY a MUST DO whenever you are in VEGAS.
The always busy Firefly has been the site of many dinners over the years. Firefly is always packed and I have never had a bad meal here. Is there better tapas in the world? Yes, of course there is, however for atmosphere, service, location, and consistency this place gets five stars. The crazy thing is that it is reasonably priced as well!! Make a reservation for dinner here and you will simply not be disappointed no matter what the day or time. 
Go late at night and a DJ is usually playing, and the scene gets just a little prettier
Though I'm glad I finally tried this place, I'm not going to be rushing back here. I came here on a Tuesday night and it was super busy and super loud. Not bad if you're looking for a place to hang with a group of 4 or more, but don't expect a cozy dinner for 2.

The one dish I feel is worth mentioning is the stuffed dates with blue cheese and bacon. This is the one dish I'd recommend and order again. The sangria was a little to effervescent for my taste and I think it could use a little more spice. It was pretty weak so don't expect to get a good buzz off of it.

The atmosphere was lively and I'd recommend this place to you if you're looking for a young crowd. The service was decent and the food was too. It's just that nothing stood out to me about this place that I would come back here knowing there's tons of other places to try in Vegas.
Make reservations make reservations make reservations.  Then order a pitcher of sangria and order away.  Food is good and it's very busy.  Could be cozy and a great hang out with friends after a day of gambling.
What a fun little place to visit with your friends for a few hours in the evening!  On Fridays it is hopping with clientele ranging from the casually dressed to the dressed-to-the-nines.  The sangria is good and I had a tasty mojito the last time I was there. The tapas are delicious and service is generally good-  I have no complaints about Firefly and would love to come back.  The one complaint I do have is not about Firefly but about the parking- be prepared to drive around in circles for a bit if you want to park in the too-small private parking lot serving the plaza.
I've never ventured off the south end of the Strip to eat before (how sad is that?), but after finding this place, I'm so glad I did! I'm dying to go back to Vegas, just so I can go here again. It's reasonably priced, the tapas are all delicious (I can't think of a single thing we didn't like) and the mojitos are very tasty.

Make a reservation, though! It's pretty busy.
My date and I checked this place out on a late Wednesday night.  I'm new to tapas but she wasn't.  We both enjoyed this place though I have to say it was way too cool for a self-professed nerd.  The clientele varied, but more and more club-bound groups came in as the night grew later.

For the amount of food we ate (2 sangria, 7 dishes including paella) our bill came out to a very reasonable $60 without tip.  The hostess was polite and the wait staff was one of the most attentive and efficient crew I've ever seen. Even they looked like they enjoyed working the place.

Take a cab to Firefly as the restaurant shares a strip mall with it's sister restaurant Dragonfly and a Ruth Chris's.  Parking is crowded.  Don't worry about finding a cab to your next destination; with the number of restaurants in the immediate area there are always two or three cabbies idling in the lot.
I had bookmarked this place for a while now after seeing Rachel Ray feature it on her $40 a day. We didn't manage to eat here on our last trip, so this time around, we decided to try and get in there on our first night in Vegas. We didn't make a reservation and it was around 7.30pm when we got there. Even though it was a Monday night, they looked pretty packed, but then again, where isn't it packed in Vegas every single night of the week?

Luckily they had a table for us. Before we even ordered, a plate of complimentary appetizers were placed on the table... olives, toasted slices of baguette and some balls of either cheese or flavored butter - I couldn't tell what it was really.

Hubby ordered sangria ($6). ACK, it was awful and tasted like they used cheap wine in it. I stuck with iced tea. After we ordered, the food arrived rather quickly. Boquerones ($5) on toast was okay. The marinated anchovies weren't the best I'd ever had, but we hadn't had boquerones for a long time now so we really felt like some. Really awesome bocquerones has no trace of fishiness, but these ones did have a slight fishy taste to it.

Fried calamari was also okay. It was pretty good although again a little too much batter to my liking. But it wasn't rubbery so that was a plus. The camarones al ajillo was not bad, but hubby said I could've easily made that dish at home so it wasn't anything which blew him away.

The duck rolls with hoisin sauce were pretty disgusting in my book. The rolls were like egg rolls but stuffed with duck. It had WAY too much hoisin sauce making them just TOO TOO sweet. It actually made my mouth pucker from just one bite. I did not like these at all. 

The last tapa we ordered were the lamb chops which were served with a red wine reduction. This was clearly the star of the evening. Perfectly grilled with the sauce enhancing the lamb chops instead of throwing the entire dish off like the hoisin sauce on the duck rolls. It was served on a very flavorful bed of lentils, zucchini spaghetti strands and artichokes. I would definitely order this dish again.

5 tapa, 1 glass of sangria, an iced tea and one lemonade came to slightly under $55 before tip. Kinda pricey if you ask me. Service was okay, nothing to write home about. Now that I've eaten here, I don't think I'll come back again on a future trip. There are just way too many great restaurants in Vegas to return to Firefly. Food was mediocre, but I think if you are in Vegas partying, this place has great atmosphere and is good for downing alcohol and having a small bite to eat. However, we aren't the partying type even if lil guy wasn't in tow. All we want is awesome food at reasonable prices (or even awesome food at not so reasonable prices) and Firefly certainly doesn't fall into that category.
1.   Start with Las Vegas
2.  Add 3 hot Asian chicks
3.  Stir in a huge pitcher of Mojito at Firefly on Paradise
4.  End result is a one happy ass Latino man and the best tapas he's had to date.
Great Sangria, red and white, but I personally prefer the red. Everything is in the style of tapas, but is ethnic infusion of all kinds. 

Everything is good, but my favorite dishes are the  Baked Brie, Mushroom Tart, Gazpacho, and the fries. Okay, but they're not just fries. They're heaven in a bowl with shredded parmesan and awesome dipping sauce. I'm kind of a fry connoisseur, by the way. 

One dish that I wasn't too hot on was the tuna tartar. If I want raw fish, I'm gonna go to a sushi joint. 

The service is kinda slow sometimes. Well, the wait staff is sometimes slow, but the kitchen is fast. I go with my bf and we order two rounds of three dishes per round. Go with more people and order at least three rounds. Once the food starts coming, it never stops. 

Its a little pricey, but you can order small or you can order large. Just don't go after you've smoked a blunt. 

We always take out-of-towners here to entertain. It always earns points. 

I don't recommend this place for a date during prime time as it can get really crowded and loud.

* off the strip (just barey), non-casino
So I came here again for my birthday for the 2nd year in a row.  I've been here other days, but I just happened to come here again for some reason on my birthday.  The group ordered a lot of food, and we split it amongst ourselves.  We ordered ceviche of shrimp, firefly fries, spicy beef salad, stuffed dates, albondigas, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, filet mignon sliders, crispy duck rolls, empanadas, baby back ribs, firefly fish sticks, big bowl pasta, baked brie, caramel flan, and chocolate "tres leches" cake.  They also gave us patatas bravas because they kept bringing it out to us even though we didn't order it.   Yes, that's a lot of food.

Now my first time eating here, it was pleasant and all the food was delicious.  This time, only partially good.  The service was lacking although I'll give them the benefit of the doubt since it's Labor Day weekend.  The fish sticks looked burned and it tasted like it too.  The free patatas bravas were charred to a black crisp, no wonder they gave those away.  They would also keep bringing us this ahi tuna skewers that we didn't order.  The crispy duck rolls were very sweet, and other than that, didn't have much flavor.  I didn't try the bowl of pasta, but there wasn't much rave about it.  People said it tastes just like any other pasta you would get anywhere.  The rest of the food was delicious though.  The Spicy Beef Salad and the stuffed dates were very good along with the baby back ribs.  I'd recommend going here on a less busy day otherwise it's too hectic, and you might get no service around here.
Liked the mojitos!  The pitchers were inexpensive and the food was pretty good.  I think the thai beef salad was my favorite.  
If you can, get here in a cab that has a boom box.  Adds to the experience.
Oh man, I loved the Paella, oh god!  So many yummy flavors, good god!
And these little cheesy curd like things, scrumptious!

This is one of the cooler, tastiest Tapas bar I've been too :)
Mojitos + Tapas + Vegas + some more Mojitos = A Darn Good Time!!!They make the best mojitos--in bulk! That was the first thing we ordered when we sat down--a pitcher of "paradise" mojito please! And 4 infused vodka shots!!! That's how we started out the evening!

What else did we order? More mojitos! And of course, tapas!
Sausage Plate--ummm..not spectacular
Tuna Tartare--this was tasty too!
Ceviche of shrimp--more flavorful than Wynn's!
Stuffed dates--interesting! 1st time trying this one.
Mushroom tart--yum!!
Baked Brie
Terra y Mare skewers
Chicken + Chorizo stuffed mushroom
Paella--very good--no uncooked rice here!

We are definitely coming back the next times we're here. We left with 4 happy tummies and 4 happy smiles on our face...happily ever after!
You should definitely come here with a group of people so you can order a variety of stuff.  It was just the two of us so we weren't able to try a whole lot.  I think we were expecting it to be a lot better based on all the good reviews but it was just mediocre for us.  I was disappointed that they were out of the Nutella sandwiches that I was looking forward to.  Anyway, we'll have to come here again with more people.
OK, forget the food, five stars for the hot waiter!  (see pic-doesn't do him justice).

No seriously, the food was awesome!  We started off with a pitcher of mojitos, mmmmmm....   Unremarkable were the Patatas bravas 
[roasted red potatoes in spicy aioli].  I could make better at home.   Much better was the Mushroom tart [puff pastry, boursin cheese] and the Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms.  My three favorite dishes were the Stuffed Peppers [Spanish red peppers, fresh mozzarella, garlic cream cheese, tomato sauce], Empanadas [pastry stuffed w/roast pork & red pepper, w/salad, aioli], and the Stuffed dates 
[bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese].   Make sure you get a spoon or more bread to sop up this sauce.  It is devine!  I will get those three with some new items the next time I go back... I just wish I could go this weekend!  Oh, I almost forgot.  They bring a plate with bread and olives with this yummy butter... our waiter said it was butter with almond, honey and a touch of garlic. yummy...  we also got a complimentary flan which was delish.

The restaurant is dark and very cozy... my chair was touching my neighbors and it was difficult to get up to go to the ladies room.  Only complaint I have, and not even really a complaint.
For my Th30th birthday, I celebrated it at Firefly on Paradise Rd.  How should I start?  I found out about this place through my cousin who spent his birthday here last year.  I was very attracted to the laid back and casual setting of the place.  It looks like a bar on the outside so you wouldn't know if it was a place that you can sit down and have a meal in.  

When entering the restaurant, on the right there are hostesses to greet you and ask for the reservation name.  When a table was ready for my party of 9, we are led through a crowded looking room and retro design artwork on the wall.  It was a little difficult to maneuver your body through the tight squeeze between each chair and table.  Finally managing not to knock anyone food or glasses, I finally sat down and  was able to relax.

Being my favorite drink there was the Mojito, they were happy to serve it to me a few minutes after ordering it.  We dug straight in to the tapa's menu.  I had a craving for Tomato soup with mini grilled brie sandwich.  Nothing worth saying about that.  It's just your regular grilled cheese dipped in tomato based soup.  We also ordered the Firefly Fries mixed with Parmesan, herbs and aioli.  I liked these fries.  It wasn't too cruncy and not soggy.  My favorite dish in the whole restaurant is the Paella.  It's a dish containing saffron rice, clams, shrimp, calamari, chicken, Spanish chorizo sausage.  All mixed together made my mouth feel like it was partying.  I know a little over dramatic.  But, it's the only way I can describe how good it tasted.

The service was okay.  I think our server was getting mad at us because our party was always unsure of what to order.  I really didn't care since it was a day of celebration.  He had to constantly come back to check if we were ready.  We all ordered at our own pace.  

I would go back just for an evening out to drink and get drunk.  It's a fun atmosphere and always seem joyous.  I've never seen any fights there or any drama going on.  They're definitely headed in the right direction.

Update:  10/20/2007
My bestfriend, Alisa, decided to have her 3rd 30th birthday here.  Reservation was for 7pm so we didn' t have to wait for a seat.  Good thing coz I wasn't about to wait in the cold outside with the wind blowing all over the place.  

After being seated, a sangria was waiting for me to be sipped and eventually gulped, and a menu to stare at until I was ready to order.  

What's good here?
*  Firefly*fries [parmesan, herbs, aioli] 
*  Shrimp tempura  [beer-battered, ponzu dipping sauce]
*  Paella [saffron rice, clams, shrimp, calamari, chicken, Spanish chorizo sausage] 
*  SANGRIA* [marinated 3 days for maximum enjoyment]
*   MOJITOS* [lime, fresh mint, rum cocktail] 
*  Terra y Mare skewers  [grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde]
*  Smoked salmon toasts  [brioche toast, sour cream, pickled ginger, capers] 
*  Warm spinach salad  [artichoke, red pepper, pine nuts, feta] 
Service this time was great and I can't complain with her efficiency.

What I thought was mediocre.
*  Tomato soup  [mini grilled brie sandwich] 
*  Crispy duck rolls [cherry hoisin sauce]
*  Babyback ribs [steamed, mango BBQ sauce]
*  Filet mignon sliders  [mini burgers with Serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions] 

I still would go back over and over again for the atmosphere.  I always have fun here.
this is my other off the strip find that i must frequent every time i'm in vegas.  i didn't realize this place is so well publicized.  i am a big sucker for deals, and they have the best happy hours!  i think they give you a complimentary plate of tapas during happy hours.  certain drinks, half off.  pitchers of sangrais and mojitos are not to be missed.  they have red and white sangria made fresh with tons of fruits as well as flavored mojitos.  the bartenders are really friendly and have sent free dessert my way every time!  bacon wrapped dates-so yummy!!  agreed that there is usually a couple of big groups of silicone filled girls drinking it up.  such a deal!!  i've had better tapas, but this is the best value for what you're getting.  oh, i love the tomato soup too!
Funky strip mall like location but great food. Got some free drinks, I was stoked. Great tapas to share, good for light eaters or to hold over a drunken hunger with out making you sick. Just say no to a buffet it will not be pretty, stick with FireFly for great tapas!
the atmosphere is really nice, the music's good, and the service does fairly well.

it's too bad the food doesn't taste better. there's actually none of it that is really poor, but there's none of it that's very good either.
Those damn dates wrapped in bacon....the overpriced empanadas I still can't enough of....the pitchers of mojitos where the 3rd one manages to taste better than the 1st.  I really enjoy this place.  Great for groups and I like the food goddamit!
I found this restaurant on OpenTable.com and then looked at the Yelp reviews to verify. I made a late reservation after seeing Zumanity at NYNY.   We took a short cab ride over, and our driver verified we had made a great choice for dinner. 

The outside seating was pretty bare because it was cold, but once we stepped inside it was packed. I was glad I had made a reservation becuase we were seated right away. We ordered the red sangria.....excellent. A little on the sweet side, but very good. The service was very fast, and they brought out each tapa as soon as it was done, so our food was hot.

We ordered: manchego mac n cheese, patatas bravas, chicken skewers, and mini sirloin burgers. Everything was great, and the patatas bravas were really spicy . I have had them at other tapas restaurants, but these were the best. The mac and cheese was also excellent. Everything we had, we would order again. The menu is very reasonable. I look forward to going back again next time I'm in Vegas. We had a wonderful meal and I highly recomment it.
bomb!! the tapas are creative and delicious! like the warm spinach salad with pine nuts and feta, and the mushroom tart, and the manchego mac n cheese! the service is great, portions are perfect, good atmosphere, and i cant really complain about the prices. but the reason this place gets its fifth star is bc of the banana-nutella sandwiches with warm nutella cream dipping sauce for dessert!!! need i say more??
I visited friends in Vegas in June, and they brought me here.  I can't thank them enough.  I had previously never had tapas (a huge oversight on my part) and really enjoyed them.  

The dishes that stand out in my memory are:
- Tortilla a la espanola (served hot, which was new for me, I'm used to it room temperature or cold, but it was very good)
- Mushroom tart (delicious, but I'm a sucker for puff pastry and mushrooms)
- Artichoke toasts (refreshing and tasty)

It was very crowded, but we were willing to sit outside, even though it was at least in the 90s out there.  I wouldn't recommend taking many out of town guests into the heat of the Vegas night, but I was visiting from Texas, and it's both hot and humid there, so the dry heat was fine.

As previously noted, the parking lot is somewhat dangerous and busy but the food was worth taking the risk.  This is a good choice if you have a mixed group of vegetarians/meat eaters, as there's a little something for everyone.
I would give this restaurant 4.5 stars.  Firefly was a really great restaurant with a nice ambience, friendly waiters, and yummy food.  Reservations are highly recommended if you have a big party.  We came as a party of 7 and we were seated on time with our reservation (waiting for 30 minutes after reservation time is one of my pet peeves).  We were worried about the portion sizes because most tapas are really really small.  But we were pleasantly surprised because each plate was large enough for all 7 of us to try and then go for seconds!  

4.5 stars for:
*friendly staff
*clean bathrooms
*large portions
*excellent presenation of food
*food came out FAST
*nice variety of foods

minus .5 star for their weak sangria... it was very watered down and i've had much better at other restaurants.  

Other than that, I think i'll make this restaurant a regular dining experience everytime i come to vegas!
Cool spot. Good vibe and buzz. Try the mojito and some tapas. Dig the make shift dance floor and the paintings on the wall. Its a "to see and be seen" kinda spot, but its not stuffy like some places I've been Hmmm...Japengo - La Jolla. Ha! These cats own Dragonfly next door, if you are in the mood for Asian grub and can't stand the waits. Yup.
I adore tapas and am thankful Firefly is in Vegas because the only other tapas plus in town sucks. 

But...Firefly can be really uneven. When it's good, it's wonderful. When it's not good....it's pretty stinky. 

Best thing on the menu...stuffed dates! The sweet of the dates and the salty smoky flavor of bacon and the sharp pungent taste of blue cheese is a smash hit!

Other favorites are the tuna tartare, ceviche, terra y mare skewers (shrimp, beef, and chorizo)

Worst on the menu? The spicy beef salad is supposed to be Thai food (which really doesn't belong on a tapas menu anyway) and might be one of the nastier things I've ever tasted. 

The roasted eggplant canneloni is bland, but at least it's edible. I'd say about the same for the duck rolls.

When  this place is good, it can achieve awesome...but be careful of what you order. I give it 4 stars because if you know your way around the menu, you can have a great meal here.
Firefly is supurb.
Excellent atmosphere with the soft red lighting and a great painting on the back wall - loved it.
Excellent service, very attentive waiters.
Had to try the red sangria drenched with fruit to go along with the bread and olive plate - very, very nice.
I ordered the meatballs, the stuffed red peppers with manchengo cheese and the ham croquettas. A very satisfying meal
I love Tapas.
I got to savor Tapas in Madrid, going to the "avenue of Tapas" after viewing a bullfight in the Plaza de Toros. It was such a great experience - walking into the bar - picking up a plate - selecting the pieces of food you wanted as you walked along the counter and then showing it to the cashier at the end and paying what ever they thought was correct. Enjoying the food with a cold drink.
I was not sure that experience could be duplicated - but Firefly sure gives it outstanding effort.
There are so many tempting items on the menu that it makes you want to return for sure. 
I have already staked out the Filet skewers with mushroom and the Filet sliders for the next visit.
Oh yea - the shots of berry infused Vodka don't hurt your enjoyment one bit.
If you've never experienced Spanish Tapas in your life, then visiting Firefly on Paradise needs to be on your list of places to eat before you die. 

The food at Firefly is quite delicious and I personally recommend the stuffed dates, the lamb, and the croquettas. I know I had more favorites than what I listed but those are the only things on my mind that come to mind. But TRUST, a lot of the items are really great and the staff is very friendly!

Also, it's a must that you order a pitcher of sangria and/or a pitcher of mojitos. I normally don't prefer mojitos because I see mint as being more a condiment or a flavor rather than being in your drink, but for some reason, the mojitos at Firefly are really, really tasty. 

I can't wait to come back and try new items on the menu! This place is definitely a great spot to go to if you're in a big group because the atmosphere is loud, the lights are dim, and since it's pretty loud inside, you might as well be loud and drunk with your friends. Why? ....well, why not?
Not much in the way of vegan items but if you are ready to cheat, well, this is the place to go!!!  Not cheap but not awful either.  Most of the veg tapas are 4 or 5 buxx.  Huge pitcher-sized pitcher of sangria, $24.   I don't know, this is the kind of place you see everywhere in Dallas.  Go there with your slutty-ass Wet Seal girlfriend.

More importantly it has generated the worst gas storm I've had in recent memory.  You should be happy you're not in the room with me.  It might just be all the $1.50 Miller Lites I had yesterday at Bill's but Firefly certainly didn't help, or hurt, or whatever.
So ever since my friend took me to this local joint, I've been HOOKED. I have made sure to have dinner and drinks there each and every time I'm in Vegas since that inaugural visit. Everyone else who I take there loves it as well.

The ambiance is great -- totally chill and unpretentious but there are lots of cute locals at the bar for eye candy. ;)  Things that I ALWAYS order when I'm there, a pitcher or two of sangria - both red and white are good, the bacon-wrapped dates, patatas bravas, cerviche of shrimp, camarones a la diablo - I'm kinda big on seafood stuff! But everything is pretty good. The paella helps for those who need MORE food for their bellies.
All the yelp.com reviews are spot on!  Really a fun place with great tasting tapas!

Party of 10 this past Friday, seated immediately as we arrived at 7:50 for our 8pm reservation.

I called to book a reservation, no problem.  They even responded to an email confirming!

We had a great time!  Fun crowd, great waiter.

Great selection of tapas for our entire group - something for everyone and no one complained about one selection!   

Pitchers of sangria and mojitos were good.

I'll definitely go back when in Vegas next time!
Love. 

My husband and I were trying to keep our Vegas budget on the low side, but it seems all the best places would break the bank. When I found Firefly on yelp I was pretty jazzed and I was not dissapointed. 

It's kind of pricey to get to if you are carless (we paid about $15 to get there from Manadaly Bay) but I suppose that's vegas for you. Seriously, your cabs are expensive! I could have gotten from the Sears Tower to Wrigleyfield in Chicago for that price! ....anyways....It was worth it - fun atrmosphere, excellent food, service was great and we got full and tipsy for under $80.

We shared a pitcher of red sangira ($24), the ham and cheese croquettas (mmm), the mini filet sliders (awesome!), the veggie empanadas (okay) and the duck eggrolls (all duck and damn tasty). For dessert my hubs had the flan which was really good and I had the chocolate tres leches cake. Um, I've never had anything so good in my life. I shit you not. Never. And I eat. Look at my picture - this girl has had a few desserts in her life. This was, if not the best, maybe number two. It was that good. 

Next time I am in Vegas, I will definately be coming back to Firefly and getting more of that cake!
Ok true story...

I drove all the way to LV (from the OC) w/ my girlfriendsto eat here.  

This place is AMAZING!!!!  Every time I'm in town I have to stop by here & grab something to eat.  Whether it's the manchego mac & cheese, filet mignon sliders, stuffed mushrooms, steak & mushroom skewers, seared ahi skewers, etc....I just gotta have something!  Their sangria's awesome too & their mojitos are muy excellente!

The prices are fair, the music is great, & the food...well it's just so damn good you'd be a fool not to try it.
Once again Yelp was right! We went to Firefly the first night we got to Vegas. Didn't have a reservation but got a table in less than 10mins. First we sat at the bar and ordered the Mango Mojito. I finally found a place that has really good Mango Mojitos that's comparable to the ones I had in Miami, FL. I wish I could order the jug, but that would be way too much for just me and my partner

Here is what we ordered:

Bacon wrapped dates
Mushroom tarts
Spicy beef salad
Ham and cheese croquettes
Roasted Chicken with fries (entree)

And we received complementary toasts with olives and butter type aioli (I think that's what it was). Well whatever the spread was it was so good! So tasty! I slathered my toasts with it.

Wow, everything we ordered tasted so good! The mushroom tarts were huge! I was imagining small tartlets made in mini muffin tins, but instead was 2 large triangle puff pastry with creamy mushroom sauce over it. So filling! 

The roasted chicken, was half a chicken!!! and it was ONLY $14. The portion size was very generous. 

Total bill, about $50 for 2, tax and tip included, minus the mojitos, since they were paid at the bar and I forgot how much they costs, $7 each I think? 

Would definately recommend the place! Like others have said, nice place to go as a group, but also nice place to eat for two.
The Girl and I went to Vegas two weekends ago for a little getaway.  We were going to go to Maggiano's, but a college friend that lives in Henderson recommended this place.  We went with him and his fiancee late Thursday evening.  We were FAMISHED as it was nearly 9pm when we finally started ordering.  As any place in Vegas, it's loud and crowded, so that can't go against them.  It's very dark inside and crowded, but I was digging the atmosphere and the meal was a perfect start to our 48-hour trip.

The four of us ordered TWELVE tapas.  My friend and fiancee had been there twice before so they already have some favorites.  We decided the best thing to do was to each order 3 things.  The Girl and I hadn't eaten for 9 hours and had to run around packing, driving, flying, cabbing, shuttling, checking in so it was a good thing we got so much food.  I was the only one who ordered alcohol (a red sangria, which was pretty good.

So in no particular order, here are the dished and the two desserts with individual ratings.   See my photos for each dish.

01) Spicy Beef Salad. Seared beef, warm dressing, romaine, tomato, cucumber, ginger.  Decent but not memorable. [3/5]
02) Patatas bravas. Roasted red potatoes in spicy aioli.  Fantastic.  Crispy and tasty even without the aioli.  [5/5]
03) Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms.  Very good.  [4/5]
04) Stuffed dates.  Bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese.  These were just ... WOW.  [5/5]
05) Steak and mushroom skewers.  grilled filet, roast garlic cream, red wine reduction.  Good but it sounded better than it was.  [3/5]
06) Manchego mac 'n' cheese.  Excellent.  Almost as good as the mac n' cheese w/ truffle oil at Alexander's.  [4/5]
07) Baked brie.  roasted tomato and cheese fondue with chorizo, toasts.  Pretty good but a little lacking quantity-wise.  [3/5]
08) Roasted eggplant cannelloni.  goat cheese, tomato sauce.  The Girl loves eggplant and this sounded good, but the execution was a bit disappointing.  [3/5]
09) Babyback ribs.  steamed, mango BBQ sauce.  Delicious!  [4/5]
10) Baked Filets of grouper.  marinated with herbs, lemon, garlic.  Actually pretty good for grouper, and a refreshing change of pace from all the strong flavors.  [4/5]
11) Ahi tuna skewer.  mango, basil, mustard-ginger glaze.  Not really that memorable.  [3/5]
12) Petite filet.  mini filet mignon, herb cheese, roasted red potato and mushrooms, red wine sauce.  Wasn't sure if this was actually filet, but very good, very tender.  [4/5]
13) Chocolate and cherry bread pudding.  warm w/port wine reduction.  Not usually a bread pudding fan but it was good.  [3/5]
14) Chocolate "Tres Leches" Cake.  Forgot how spongy and sweet (thanks to condensed milk) this is, but once I got the hang of it I was sucking it down.  [4/5] 

Overall, the meal was excellent.  And all that food came to only about $37/person.  Exceptional for Vegas!  I recommended the place to another friend who went this weekend and she really liked it as well.  I'm definitely coming here again.  Firefly is a solid 4 stars!
I've had great tapas before but it's 5 star worthy. When you're beat from paying high-priced strip food, this is where the locals go. Maybe Rachel Ray messed it up by telling us non-Vegas locas about this in $40-a day. The price is right, the menu is damn good, and the assortment of sangria and especially mojito is endless. My next trip to Vegas I will have to stop here for a bite.
Small plates are one of my favorite ways to dine and I've been fortunate to have great tapas/small plates in different parts of the country.  After reading all the reviews on Firefly, we were all geared up for good drinks and grub!  The place, in a strip mall, had a great vibe.  Their was a large group of people next to us and we liked the fun and friendly vibe of the place.  The menu was great, lots of selections, and we enjoyed a decent pitcher of mojitos waiting eagerly for our tapas.  At the waiter's recommendation, my hubbie and I ordered the beaf/ shrimp/ chourizo skewers (very good); stuffed red Spanish peppers (okay but strangely chewy cheese in center--not cooked enough?); calamari (too, too salty--skip it!); cherry crispy duck rolls (dry--skip it); and spinach salad (very good).  But the desserts reigned supreme--the housemade gelato and chocolate tres leche cake is what earned this restaurant three stars.  Considering it's in Las Vegas, the value for the money is good but the quality is only okay, and overall, wouldn't go back considering location off strip and the $15 taxi ride each way from Paris.
What a lucky find. I was planning a birthday dinner for a friend and was referred to firefly by a local homeslice. First off the place is a non casino off the strip type joint, so that was a major plus in my book. The place was small, and intimate and allowed you to socialize with friends. The wait staff was excellent, the food was awsome - but a little slow coming even though the place was not to busy. All in all, this is now one of my favorite places for eats and drinks!
Maybe I was just in a bad mood and am being a bit harsh because my iPhone had *just* been stolen right before we headed here but I just was not thrilled with Firefly in the least.

The sangria was okay but not great. The food was so greasy it was gross. The mini little burgers were the best thing and they weren't even all that. I felt like I needed to do a cleanse after I left..and a facial! 

Too much grease...ugh I so won't be returning :(
My friends threw me a small party here to start my 21st birthday!!! It's usually busy, I love the music, setting and mood. I like the mix diverse crowd, I also went on a date here and it was a quiet night so it was perfect. Great to bring friends visiting out of town because of the food too, and if you're a TOURIST check it out!!!!! very Latin Influenced FYI
Wow, that's some good stuff. Went to a trip to Vegas recently, and didn't feel like spending $60 per person eating on the strip so we went to Firefly for some Tapas. 

The stuffed dates had an interesting taste. Interesting good. Sweet dates, salty bacon, crunchy nuts. Very nice texture. 

The meat empanada was spectacular. It's a small empanada, but cooked very nice and had a cream sauce that went well. 

We had a mushroom dish that was basically mushrooms with a creamy sauce on top of a pastry. Good and pretty filling as well.

Fried calamari - yum! Tentacles were better than the rings. 

Sangria was pretty good. Might not be the best, but certainly not the worst. 

Lunch for two was just over $40, but we only had one glass of sangria, so if you're a drinker, it'll cost a bit more. This is a place I'll visit again if I go to Vegas again. Nice to know you don't have to spend alot to get a nice, "different" meal not too far from The Strip.
Disclaimer:  Please keep in mind that my experience at this spot came after about 6 beers.  

This spot came as a recommendation from a coworker who the Melon and I was with on a business trip.  We walked in and the wait staff was immediately warm and had us seated instantly.  It probably didn't hurt that my man Javier spoke Spanish to them and is an all around funny guy, he had them cracking up the entire dinner.  The manager came over and instantly had us a jug of Sangria on the table.  He didn't even ask us what we wanted, he just asked if we were ok with his suggestions.   I can't tell you what exactly was on the menu, or what exactly was ordered.  It just came.     I do know that I ate lamb, (I hate lamb) and it was tender and delicious.  I also remember having some ceviche that knocked my socks off.  

Singles:  This is absolutely the place to be.  Hotties left and right.  We were stumbling out of here around midnight-thirty and they were still rolling in!  

This place is just a mile or 2 off the strip, and in my opinion totally worth the cab fare.
This is the second time that I have come here and I love it!! First time was during lunch time and this time for dinner for 11 girls for my bachelorette!

Please order the  mojitos when you go there. Just the regular one or the mango one. The raspberry one was just "eh".  Order a pitcher, cuz you get more for your money and trust me, you will want more than one mojito!!

Food came out fast and fresh, but my stomach was going through some trauma after a full night of drinking, fat tuesdays, and denny's @ 5am, that I just had no appetite. Only the mojitos and few bites of whatever kept me sane.

Just off the strip and a short cab ride and you will be in Tapas heaven!
Best Tapas and Mojitos @ this restaurant!! I wish they had one in the bay area. I now try to make it a point to come by here when visiting. On this trip we came here for Maritel C's bachlorette dinner. They accommodated our large party of gals and we had great service. The food came out pretty quick...a star for that and 4 more stars for the drinks!!! Yummy!! Can't go wrong with a mojito, mango mojito, or some sangria!! 

Best thing to do is come here with a group of people and order different tapas to sample them all....then pick your favorites! Tapas + Drinks = 5stars for this place!
Thank you Javier for directing us to this off-strip Tapas place. 

The sangria was dangerously delicious.  Don't go there thirsty as you'll suck down a glass only to realize that woops, there is alcohol mixed in with the fruity goodness.

I don't recall all the tapas we ordered but let's just say that as someone who HATES lamb...I would not only eat, but order lamb at this place.  Yum.   

We ordered:

Tortilla de Papa 
Ceviche
Filet Skewers
Some kinda bacon wrapped in almond thing that was like a thousand mini foodgasms in my mouth.

Oh and be sure to try their flavor infused vodka shots..YUMMY!
We found this place off the strip, and it was a great find.  More reasonably priced than Cafe Ba Ba Reeba, but I'm sure their location has a lot to do with that.  The ahi tuna skewers were good, caamarones a la diabla are nice and spicy, and of course I had to have dessert... the caramel flan was perfectly creamy and tasty.  I wasn't a big fan of the crispy duck rolls... duck is already oily and this fried roll was way too much for me.
made a reservation on Valentines day @ midnight (they're open late which is very awesome) crowded but had our table ready, parking is not great  so arrive early if you have reservations, good place for groups since you can all try a little of everything, we ordered the pitcher of red sangria ($24) which was not bad, but for our second pitcher we tried the passion fruit mojito ($30) which I really liked.  Total bill for 5 people $142-not bad considering 2 pitchers of booze, 10 different types of tapas, and 3 desserts. ** recommend the mushroom tart, stuffed dates because everyone else yelped about those so I had to see for myself, banana nutella sandwiches because face it...Nutella is good with anything and the choc tres leches cake.  I will definitely be back!**reservations booked through opentable.com
I went here with a bunch of co-workers last week.  The food was really good and the service was great.  It was fun to order about 30 different things off the menu and try everything.  The stuffed dates are probably the best thing I have ever eaten in my life.  Yeah, you're probably thinking the same thing I was - "what the hell is a date and why is she stuffed"...but trust me, worth trying (a few).

It was really crowded and loud.  I wouldn't suggest going here unless you are in a group of 6-8+.  The parking lot of horrible, but it is shared with about five other places...it's Vegas, what did you expect.
This place is kickass. Their RED sangria is to DIE for...always make sure to order a pitcher to go with your tapas. I don't think I've ever had a bad dish here. Among the things I've tried are: the baked brie, duck spring rolls, veggie empanadas, french fries (with a delicious dipping sauce), chicken skewers, and many others I can't remember! The prices are pretty affordable too...the only thing that is semi-pricey is the sangria, but that's a small price to pay for your meal. The desserts are also really good. I've had their banana nutella sandwiches and the chocolate cake thingie...both delicious. The only downside to this place is the CRAMPED parking area...most times if you're going at a peak hour (Fri or Sat nights), you'll have to park in the back...but it's not that big of a deal. Try to sit outside if you can during the spring/summer weather, it makes the meal even better. I've had a party of 10 inside for my bday, and that worked out well, too.
Solid tapas place just outside of the Las Vegas Blvd insanity.
Spacious casual or pre or post club place on Paradise, so convenient for clubbing. I enjoyed the tapas, but half of them tended to lean towards the quality of Applebee's type dishes. I really liked the huge open windows and the vibrant young crowd, the air felt full of pre-game excitement of Vegas partying. I had a couple of beautiful glasses of red wine, pretty fantastic wine choices considering the not so great quality of the food.

I have to say, that this place would come in handy if you are drunk off your gourd and needed some heavy friend food to dissipate the feeling. Highly recommended.
Nothing but a praise for those guys!

Super attentive service regardless big crowd. Great waitressing staff. Very tasty food. Extremely fair prices. Fun atmosphere to be in.

What else can one possibly want? Its TOTALLY worth cab ride from the strip.

"I Like"
"Very Nice"

Eugene
A couple of friends and I went out to Firefly to celebrate the evening.  The place itself is a little dark, but decorated quite nicely. We were seated at the patio...it was enjoyable,  the weather was pleasantly beautiful.  We started with a pitcher of Sangria,  it was sweet with a strong flavor. We ordered tapas. Baked brie, patatas bravas, tortilla espanola, and calamari all were enjoyed by all. There was no room for a main entree the portions were quite big. We couldn't say no to dessert and had to have the chocolate cake in tres leches....SO GOOD rich and sweet. Service was mediocre, our waiter was lame. Not very attentive nor talkative. We asked for several things while it appeared he was just being a little lazy and he lagged.   Overall good food experience, but unpleasant service.  Don't know I would go back because of the service.

I recommend reservations they get fully booked on Friday and Saturday. 
4 stars, but minus 1 due to bad service.
Thank you fellow Yelpers for another super recommendation!!  The bf and I took a client and his wife to dinner on Monday evening.  We had reservations and were seated right away.  They have quite an extensive tapas list and the prices are ridiculous!  Ridiculously LOW that is!!

We ordered 9 tapas plates - each plate had 3 items on it with the exception of the taters and the mac and cheese plate.  We also ordered 3 desserts and had 4 glasses of sangria (total, not each...geez, we aren't lushes...anymore).  Everything was delish!!!   The best part was that  the bill was just a tad over $100.  If we would have had this meal at home it would have been almost double that.

There is a meat market-ish sort of vibe inside at the bar so if you are looking to pick up a piece of ass and a manchego cheese and serrano ham dish while you are at it, check Firefly out!
I've never been here... so rating neutral. BUT we picked this restaurant because the high Yelp rating. Called the restaurant a few weeks before hand with questions, very nice. When we arrived in Vegas called about 8 hours before hand and they said we needed a reservation at least 2 weeks in advance. Why didn't they say anything beforehand. Not sure if I want to try next time?
Really good tapas, but go for happy hour. The bar is small, but it is an awesome place to sit and have your discounted mojitos, sangria, and tapas. The place gets very crowded and I found the best time to go is happy hour. You get great service from the bartender. You do not need to deal with the crowd or have reservations. Once you are drunk and stuffed with tapas, crawl next door to their sister restaurant Dragonfly and have some sushi. The bartender, Aaron, is awesome!
Probably one of the best Tapas restaurants I've been to, and the prices are really reasonable!!  I have loved everything I've had there (and I've had just about everything since I'm in Vegas 5 or 6 times a year at least).  My faves include the stuffed dates (sounds gross, but super tastey- hey, everything is better with bacon!), the duck (love duck!), empanadas (warning, they recently started skimping on them- you only get one cut in half now instead of two per order), and the patatas bravas.  There is a salad I always get too, but I don't remember which one without seeing the menu.  Everything I've had there was excellent, including the brioches and serrano ham!
You can't go wrong here!  And if you like sweet drinks, they do serve a white sangria here, which is unique but very sugary.  

The service varies from night to nite, but it's never been terrible, but on some nites it hasn't been so great.  I think they get overwhelmed at times at the number of people there.   The atmosphere is great, and I think they get a fair amount of locals there so it's not too Vegas-y.

I think this is a necessity of any Vegas trip.
the WORST MEAL EVER! btw, i wrote a much more detailed review, which mysteriously disappeared.

my boyfriend got food poisoning here. it ruined out trip. the food was overpriced and a JOKE. like a chain restaurant, straight out of a can. the mushroom tart was literally canned mushrooms in that sauce that comes in a can dumped over a reheated frozen triangle of pillsbury puff pastry.

perhaps the owners should get out of vegas and travel to spain or at least a few spanish restaurants before claiming to serve tapas food.

STAY AWAY!!!
Worth a trip off the strip.  Totally worth the $8 cab ride from Ceasar's. Great tapas at reasonable prices.  The food came out quick, which I thought might be a bad sign (i.e., pre-prepared food), but the food was quite good.  

The best dish was the boquerones (Spanish white anchovies served on toast, with roasted red and yellow peppers).  My second favorite was the dates wrapped in bacon and stuffed with smoked almonds, and served with a red wine reduction and blue cheese.  The sweet and salty flavors worked really well with the almonds which gave the dish such a nice crunch.  The ceviche of tiger shrimp and avocado was delish as well--very fresh and tangy.  Unlike another reviewer, we really enjoyed the cheesy mushroom tart puff pastry.  Maybe the shrooms came out of a can, but that was one delish can.  The camarones a la diabla didnt lie--the spicy chile sauce was quite hot and yummy.  For dessert, the chocolate tres leches cake was perfect.  A lot of places really mess this dessert up, but the cake was fresh and milky and to die for.  

The only thing I didnt like was the red wine sangria.  Not enough fruit and the wine tasted kinda heavy-sweet and cheap.  But there's a full bar, so you can get any other kind of drink you want.
I love this place!  My first indie restaurant find when I moved to Las Vegas, thanks to the Food Network.  Actually, the first time I went, I had horrible service and complained about how bad it was, but the manager comped me our next visit.  The next time the service was much better, and the food was simply delicious both times.  I've been going back ever since, and every person I bring agrees on the quality of the food.  Sangria is amazing as well -- we never go and skip at least getting one pitcher for the table.  And we're even amazed when the bill comes -- we're always stuffed (and drunk) and somehow only end up paying about $20-$25/person.
The best place i have found to just chill and sip sangria and eat tapas in vegas very fun with large partys . wait staff not the best but up their .
For my birthday my amazing boyfriend whisked me off from the cold of San Francisco to the desert warmth of Vegas.  After meticulous planning and calling in his connections he was recommenced to take me to Firefly for dinner (he knows my love of eating tiny bits of food with my hands).  The sangria was delicious and the service was polite and very swift (some of the best service we had in Vegas).  The tapas were all delicious however the one that outshined all  of them was the dates stuffed with almonds and wrapped in bacon (he also knows my love of bacon).  So delicious we ended up ordering a second round even though neither of us were hungry.  

Also to everyone complaining that this place isnt authentic Spanish tapas well duh....first of all its Vegas...is there anything authentic in Vegas? Second, nowhere does Firefly claim to be authentic tapas restaurant (although 2 pitchers of Sangria in, I wasnt looking for fine print on the menu).  In fact in most of the US and Europe, tapas is its own cuisine that  doesnt necessarily pertain to Spanish cooking...look it up...no seriously...go ahead I'll wait.

You back? Good,  probably about half the tapas places Ive eaten at arent anywhere near traditional Spanish food, which I am very well educated in (trust me, Im dating a mexican so yeah my word is gold...or at least gold plated). Yet, I can still enjoy tapas even when they arent made with olives from Tia's ranch.  

Bottom line, good food is good food no matter what you call it, and Firefly is good food.
great vibe. but food could be a lot better. ordered the octopus, paella, anchovies, and sangria. 

paella did not have the delicious crunchy crust that it is normally associated with it. the octopus was precooked and kept too long. the octopus wasn't tender with a slight chew, it was grainy and mushy. anchovies however were perfect. salty, sour, and paired with red peppers and crunchy bread. and of course the sangria can't be beat. 


recommend for a group of friends or a casual date.
Definitely a cool place to have great food and chill with some nice, yummy mojitos! My friends and I ordered a vast array of food: Firefly Fries (fries with parmesan, herbs, aioli), Empanada (pastry stuffed w/roast pork, red pepper, w/salad, aioli), Terra y Mare skewers (grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde), and the Paella (saffron rice, clams, shrimp, calamari, chicken, Spanish chorizo sausage). There were only two empanadas, and the Terra y Mare had three skewers. The paella was alright, one of the better ones, since it wasn't so SALTY (like real Spanish food!). The fries were also really tasty with the lightly shredded parmesan.

For drinks, you have to try their mojitos! I am a huge mojito fan, and the way they make it is so delicious! I had their mango mojito! YUM! It tasted like juice with a little kick of alcohol, and maybe a slight "sparkle" feel to it. I also tried a sip of the Raspberry mojito, and it was just as good! SO REFRESHING!

For dessert, we ordered the Trio of Gelato (fresh-made toasted almond, chocolate, vanilla ice creams). YUM! The chocolate had this cocoa taste to it, and for some reason the vanilla tasted like condensed milk (Maybe when the ice creams just melted and mixed together it had that texture!) I loved how they added the ladyfinger in it too! It so complemented the chocolate ice cream! YUMMMMMM!

The service was excellent. The waiter never rushed us, and always asked how things were.

A great place to just relax with some buddies for a little chit chat...
i really don't understand the popularity of this place.  my friend and i came here for lunch and we were underwhelmed.  thought the food was subpar and the sangria had bits and pieces of fruit with the edges all brown and gross.  the only redeeming attribute was the al fresco dining and the people watching.  will not be returning
Thanks to Rachael Ray, we decided to check out Firefly on our week long trip to Vegas, and well... She didn't lie about the amazingness of this place.

We have been trying and trying to find a place in our area that lives up to the food we had at Firefly, but I honestly don't think we're going to be able to do it.

The place was packed when we got there (I think it was a Friday night), but once we started eating, we understood why.  Drinks were excellent, and the food was unbelievable.  We ended up ordering twice, because some of the things we got were so delicious. Service was great.  Our waiter was great at explaining the way the menu and ordering worked, since it was our first real tapas experience.

I honestly want to fly to Vegas for a day, just so we can eat here again. :)
My friend and I hit this place up on a Friday evening before I went over to the Hard Rock Pool for a concert.  I've driven past this place a hundred times and it always seems packed.  This was true on a Friday night, yet when we went inside, we were seated immediately.  In fact, we were able to sit out on the patio in the cooling summer weather.  

We just wanted to eat a couple of appetizers and enjoy a couple of drinks.  I ordered the patatas braza (red potatoes in a hot sauce) with the duck rolls (egg rolls but duck instead of egg).  Both were small portions, but considering we weren't that hungry, they were perfect.  The flavor of the sauce accompanying the duck was excellent.  The patatas were good but a little too spicy.

My friend was craving a mojito all day and since we couldn't do some at home, she got one here.  No plain pre-made mojito here, it was full of mint leaves and left a nice aftertaste in my mouth when I was allowed a sample.

We shall return here to sample a more complex menu in the future, as well as sit inside and enjoy the atmosphere and seating within (cool couches for seating instead of your regular high-back chair faire.  The cost was relatively inexpensive (as long as you don't come in too hungry), so we can come again before a Friday Night Live concert at the Hard Rock pool without feeling like a broke pig.
I'd give it 5 stars, but I only had a mojito and a couple bites of my friends tapas.  He ordered baby red potatoes w/ aioli sauce and spicy duck egg rolls, which were both very tasty.

I loved the atmosphere and the Brazilian/Spanish music.  I can't wait to go back and try some more tapas.  This would be the perfect place to impress a date and set the right mood, without going broke!  The tapas range in price between $3-$8, so you can afford to experiment...have fun!!!
I'm sooo excited to be writing my first review here!

Firefly on Paradise was amazing.  I went based on lots of people's reviews here and loved it.  The place was definitely packed and I was glad I had called for reservation for the party of 4.

The food was great!  I had been missing Spanish food since I came back from Spain and the food here definitely hit the spot.  

The boquerones were traditionally done and were delicious.  The stuffed dates are to die for and a must-have.  We even tried it without bacon since we had someone following kosher diet in our group.  The veggie empanadas were also very tasty.  Another traditional spanish dish is the patatas bravas.  They made them very much like the ones I had in Spain though I would have liked them a bit spicier.

To compliment all the delicious food, we also enjoyed a couple of pitchers of sangria.  The service was good all the way through.

I can't wait to go back and try more dishes!
Somebody please tell me what it is about Sangria that makes it go down the hatch like water??!  Firefly makes a great pitcher or three.  

For six chicas heading off the strip, Firefly was certainly worth it.  Fortunately, when with a large group, you can really delve into a tapas menu.  We ordered about 15 to share. 

The bacon wrapped, stuffed dates and the manchego macaroni and cheese were among my favorites.  Strangely enough, the "firefly fries" with Parmesan cheese were so good that we ordered a second batch.  Some other standouts were the tierra y mar skewers, a mushroom topped fillet mignon, and shrimp with garlic sauce.

I would stay away from the stuffed mushrooms, which were dry and boring, despite the menu description -  "(yum)" and the baked brie with chorizo, which just seemed like a collapsed salty mess.  

The delicious meal, decent atmosphere and a price of less than $35 per person would entice me to return.
Mmmm . . .  I gotta say, this is good tapas and the pitcher of mojitos hit the spot. In fact, it hit the spot so well, I can't remember everything I ordered. 

The bacon wrapped dates are not to be missed. I also loved the mac n cheese (tasty, slightly crunchy). The pork empanadas were good too.  The duck rolls, however, were gamey (hey, it was duck), and as others noted below, the mushroom puffs were underwhelming.

We ate way too many (tapas creep up on you like that). 

We got there around 4 pm on a Friday and there was still room at the bar (though we didn't sit at the bar). I would go for the patio since the restaurant itself is so unassuming. 

This is no Lotus of Siam (as a Vegas culinary experience, LOS sets the standard for me), but it's great at what it does and tasty as hell. Servers and service were excellent. 

And if you want to keep the fun going, and walk off those mojitos, you can walk around the corner on Twain to the friendly gay bar, the Funhog Ranch!!! I'm just saying . ..
Holy Tapas, Batman! I will never again eat anywhere else in Las Vegas. Ok, that's a bit of an exaggeration. But this place knocked me off my feet. I'm in love. The food was delicious and filling, the service was great, and it was DIRT CHEAP. For ten people, the bill came to $30 a person for dinner AND drinks. And I was able to get a Red Bull Vodka for $5. That's almost unheard of in Vegas! 

Let me just give you a sampling of what we sampled. (This is a Tapas place, after all, so everything is small. But you just keep ordering and they keep throwing the plates at you and it's wonderful.) 

-Ceviche of shrimp (shrimp with avocado in a light broth)
-Stuffed dates  (I usually hate dates but i LOOOOOVED these. It's dates stuffed with bleu cheese and wrapped in bacon. DROOL.)
-Veggie empanada
-Firefly fries (with parmesan cheese, herbs, and aioli dipping sauce)
-Stuffed peppers (red bell peppers with mozarella and tomato sauce)
-Baked brie (with tomato and chorizo)
-Manchego Mac 'n' Cheese (DELISH; I'd never heard of Manchego cheese before but had it again the next day; it's kind of parmesan-ish)
-Stuffed mushrooms (with chicken and chorizo)
-Chicken skewers
-Camarones al ajillo (shrimp in lemon-garlic butter sauce)

Is your mouth watering yet? This place was fantastic, and I recommend it to anyone with taste buds.
Great drinks and great food. What else is there? This joint has a small patio for outside seating and has a cozy and clean interior. I wouldn't call it upscale, but it's a nice place to get away from the crazies at the casinos for tapas. The prices were pretty reasonable even for tapas. Sampled in this run: Albondigas (meatballs with a sherry sauce), Sliders (very juicy with a kick!), Big Salad, Cheese stuffed peppers, veggi empanadas and a huge pitcher of mango mojitos. We capped the meal with Cheese cake and tres leches cake. The food was filling, but I have to admit the Big Salad was big, but sort of uninspiring. It's a ceaser salad with some standard salad stuff, heart of palm etc. The peppers were great but, it's nothing to write home about, was just a pepper with cheese, maybe I didn't get enough sauce. The meatballs, sliders and empanadas were good and offered a better depth of flavor. The cheesecake was pretty standard fair and I felt the lemon sauce over powered the dish a little. The tres leches was great, even better than some I had in Mexico, it was the perfect consistency and was very sweet.

This is a great spot for a meal with friends, and a great spot for drinks too! Don't forget the bar!!!
We went to Firefly for lunch on a Saturday and it was pretty dead, so maybe that's why everything seemed a little haphazard and sloppy. We ordered all tapas: seviche, mushroom tart, smoked salmon on toast, some kind of skewer with shrimp, sausage and tenderloin, bacon-wrapped dates, and the ham & manchego croquettes, with the banana/nutella sandwich for dessert. The only things I'd order again were the dates and the croquettes (both of which were delish). Although the seviche was very tasty, it was a bad call if you have a bit of a hangover. The dessert was good, but not amazing. The rest, though, were all subpar. Apparently we should have tried the macaroni and manchego and the Firefly fries. Overall, I was not impressed, though, as the visit certainly didn't measure up to the fine opinions of my fellow Yelpers. Must have been a bad day?
We came back this weekend... had the artichoke toasts, they were very good.  Also had the chocolate tres leches... nothing to write home about, get the flan!
I was suggested this restaurant by some fellow Phoenix yelpers.  They got it right once again.  My husband and I called ahead to find out there was a 20-30 minute wait on that particular Saturday night.  We arrived and the place was jumpin'!  It gives off the vibe of a very hip and trendy spot with dim lights and loud voices.  We waited outside for 10-15 minutes watching all of the too-cool guys who tried too hard to look like they didn't try and barely 20 year old girls with dresses that barely cover.

We were seated and started making some drink choices - red sangria for me (too many mentions not to!) and a diet coke for him.  I didn't care for it at first, but then like the others said, it goes down just like water.  I think next time I would try one of the mojitos.  For dinner we ordered the manchego mac n' cheese (delicious and rich), terra y mare skewers (very good), and shrimp tempura (good).  For dessert we ate the gelato trio with chocolate, vanilla, and pistachio (yum!) and lemon berry mini tarts (very tasty).  Our bill for three tapas, two desserts, two drinks, tax and tip was about $50

Overall the food was tasty and had a very large selection, service was good, and atmosphere was just too loud - we almost had to yell to hear each other.  Maybe next time I would ask for seating on the patio or make reservations.  They accept reservations over the phone and online.  I will definitely be back again to try more menu items, desserts, and drinks!
(Jan/ 2006)

We came here really late after watching "O" at the Bellagio and waited at the bar for a while before we got a table. Cheap drinks! 

Tip: If you need a cab to get back to your hotel after eating here late night, make sure you ask have the hostess call while you are dining. We had to wait nearly an hour for a taxi to make its way out here to get us. That was ridiculous.
Our dinner at Firefly happened so quickly.  It seemed like moments after we would order another dish it was at our table.  The restaurant is loud and small and very high energy.  The tapas were of a good size to split four ways and we ordered about 7 or so total.  The sangria was ok, not the best ever.  

I have to say that I have had much better tapas in other cities.  While they were good and I love Spanish food, there was not a single one that stood out to me as outstanding.  I may return on another trip since its nice to get off the strip sometimes and my friends that live in Vegas don't always like going to dinner on the strip. (Not that I blame them at all)   It's a very un "Vegas" like experience and more of a "find this in any city" kind of experience.  (Just depends on what you're looking for)
now why would anyone go to the strip to have tapas when this place is just off the strip??? 

firefly is a locals' hang out. it was super crowded even at 7pm on  a Monday. who eats out on a Monday? 

you must have some sangria--we ordered the white--along with the sliders, the spicy shrimp, and the basket of fries (this was clearly not a tapas portion). the mac and cheese was also delicious. 

overall, this place is fantastic. truly.
Food-wise, this place isn't half bad. I love their mac and cheese and haven't really had a dish I didn't like. However, the service leaves a bit to be desired. It's partly due to the layout, I feel quite crammed in this establishment and the servers are hard to flag down once you get your order in. Nevertheless the atmosphere is nice (dim, good music) and I'd recommend this my friends, if anything for their fries. Yum!
This place is overly rated from a locals standpoint, for those of you out of towners that like a party scene this might be the place for you folks. This might be a place to get a quick bite before or after clubbing. The food is just so so, not great. The portion are not satisfying for the price you have to pay per dish. As for the Sangria, it's alcohol and what is there not to like about anything that's mixed with alcohol....it's so overly advertised by some of the yelpers. Been here a couple of times with friends from out of town....and can't really say...."ummm I remember that was good you gotta try it!" Don't really have a dish that you have to go back for more of. The steak skewer was dry, the mushroom with puff patry was tasteless, the Firefly Fries was soggy, if you have a big party your gonna have to order a couple of orders per dish if you want enough to go around. The music of this place is loud that you'll have to shout across the table to talk to your friends and the place is so dim that you have to be careful of what your putting into your mouth. Overall, the service was poor. The hostesses working there seems to have some kind of attitude problem...they first ask you if you have a reservation to make it seems like you should know better to make one next time ...cause we're sooooo busy!
i loooooove this place!!! the food is sooo tastey and good.. affordable too..  prices for tapas usually ranged from $3- $16.. the atmosphere inside is really nice although the plaza outside looks kinda boring... we had reservations so it wasnt hard to get a table.. our food came out really fast and finished our dinner within an hour..  highly recommend this place for some cheap good food!
I thought this place was awesome! Food was great it's off the strip had a cool lounge in the front where you could order food.  All the food was great and so was the sangria.  The prices were great and it wasn't too fancy so you didn't have to dress up. This place is a must try! Going to add some pictures of the food! Pictures really don't do this place justice
Firefly lived up to every review. The mojitos were amazing (mojitos are my fave and I order them everywhere), especially the Passion Fruit one, and my boyfriend ordered the house-made infused vodka on the rocks, which was also amazing, and not nearly as strong-tasting as you would think. The food was great, and the prices were even better. We sat outside and the service was slow, but it was a monday night. The music was also a bit loud, but oh well. The baby back mango-bbq ribs were awesome and literally falling off the bone. The stuffed dates were amazing, the calamari was thick-cut and delicious. The stuffed mushrooms with chorizo and chicken were good, but not great, and same goes for the salmon with brioche toasts. They were both good, but I guess just not what we were in the mood for. We will definitely be going back!
Fantastic food, cool non-strip atmosphere (dark, red room), and cheapie-cheap!  I have been pretty blown away all three times I've eaten here.  For the price, tapas doesn't get much better than this.

You MUST try:

Stuffed dates
Lamb chops in red-wine reduction with sauteed lentils (yummy!!!)
Grilled octopus (pulpo asado)
Filet mignon sliders

But everything was really tasty.  Pitchers of Sangria or Mojitos are a bargain for a group.  They're both a little too sweet for my taste, but I hardly notice since I can't be torn away from my food.  

There's also a happening scene on the patio at night.
This place is great. Great tapas and Sangria!
We always try to go to Firefly at least once on our Vegas jaunts.  Reservations are a must as the place fills up with mostly the younger crowd.  I love bringing new people here to show that some Vegas places can still make awesome food for low prices.  The parking can be hit or miss when it is busy.  I haven't tried Drangonfly next door yet - next visit I guess.
oh
my 
damn
this place is amazing. my aunt lives in las vegas and everytime we go there we eat here. great place. very good vibe. the environment is adult and just is a good hang out dinner nightlife spot. the food is amazing. get the fries. the cheese fries or howver you call it. its good. no joke.
I go to this place a lot with friends. Blood orange mojitos. Get a pitcher if you have a cab or a DD with you. Sweet, flavorful, full of mint and not too much ice (but enough to keep it cold). Yum!

I go here with my gals for nights out (and sometimes evenings out that turn into nights out... oh yeah). The service is friendly and prompt. I don't like the butter-type stuff that comes with their bread, but I love their:

goat cheese cannoli (rolled in eggplant)
mini-cheesecakes
warm spinach salad
campenadas
lentils (my friend comes here just for that)
duck egg rolls (my friend finds them spicy, but ketchup is adventurous for her)
banana sandwiches with Nutella sauce
Um.. can't think of more, but I know that I want to go there again just for that!

We aren't as big on thier mixed salad (too oily for me) or baked brie. But out of their 50 menu items, we've tried about 35 and loved maybe 28, which is pretty good!
I was shocked to see the one review about poor service-- the service is actually the reason I bumped this place up one star! Maybe you have to stay away from the girls? ;D  Our one waiter and two busboys were that perfect balance of super attentive + totally on top of the refills, but without being in your face all the time.

The Tapas were all pretty decent, but the Stuffed Dates, Albondigas & Camarones a la Diabla (especially THAT one!) were stand-outs IMHO. The straight up Mohito is tasty and the Passion Fruit Mini-Cheescakes were different (in a good way).

Use valet if parking looks impossible...
Thanks to Susan, this was my 1st Spanish Tapas experience and I liked it.

I drove by this local twice before I found it. I expected a bigger neon sign I guess.

It is a quiet locale. There is parking but with the other businesses in this strip mall spaces fill up quick. 

Very crowded, popular and noisy but worth it.
Cannot wait to go back. Gracias.
When I'm in town I always try to stay next door at the fairfield so I can walk "home" after my firefly night(s).  The Sangria - both white and red, the mojito's - blood orange and otherwise and the food is fantastic.  Bacon wrapped dates stuffed with almonds and blue cheese - wow!  Ceviche, tuna tartar, albondigas, anchovies, baked brie, the list goes on and on.  Get a reservation and enjoy yourself.  My last trip through lost wages I ate 4 nights in a row here.
Since I tend to frequent Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba when I want tapas, I decided to give Firefly a shot. Took my friend out to dinner for her birthday here, and wasn't disappointed, but I also was not tempted to return again.

Started with the boquerones, the stuffed dates (one of my absolute favorite foods), roasted eggplant cannelloni (superb!) & the pulpo asado. We had the Paella as our entree.

There's not much you can screw up on boquerones, because the restaurant buys the white anchovies already marinated; the stuffed dates were delicious, I especially liked the crunch that the marcona almond added to the soft baked date and melted blue cheese; the eggplant cannelloni was wonderful, but I thought it was an odd item to find on a tapas menu, as it resembled the Italian Eggplant Rollatini, it was almost like they were looking for items to add to the menu; the pulpo asado (grilled octopus) was disappointing - there was no char from the grill on the octopus, which is key to making this dish. It was also rubbery. 

The paella was an abysmal failure. It was soupy, there was no seasoning, and they really skimped on the seafood and other items. It was like a sad seafood risotto, with some saffron added to give the affect of being a paella. 

The service and overall atmosphere were, by far, the worst part of the experience. I had to yell across my table to make conversation with my friend, because the place is so cramped with people. Our server seemed to act like we were an inconvenience by ordering so much food, and he decided to take 30 minutes to deliver our desserts to us. 

I think once was enough for me, and I have recently heard that the health department shut them down for a bit, due to the same constant health violations.
Nice spot with "local" flavor in Las Vegas. go for drinks, for outdoor sitting, for good talks and good food.
Why I loved Firefly
1. Awesome Tapas
2. Good atmosphere
3. Very reasonable for Las Vegas ($30 per person including drinks)
i give it 5 stars because i like ambiance. The tapas are delicious and the price is very very reasonable, the manager was very friendly and accommodating, he comped our dinner because we found a hair in our paella but it was still delicious!
A great "off strip" choice for dinner.  There are plenty of choices on the menu and I couldn't believe how inexpensive the food was.  The tapas were hit or miss.  Ones to avoid:  crispy duck rolls (they weren't crispy);  spicy beef salad (I swear it was cube steak--ick); Ones to order:  machego mac n cheese; stuffed peppers; tortilla with chile vinaigrette;   We ordered a pitcher of mojitos and we were both still standing after dinner.  Translation:  I don't think there was a lick of booze in them.  I loved the fact they piped in songs by the Thievery Corporation on the patio.  Nice touch.
When everyone tells you about a place you have to go and see/try for yourself, you just have to!  

Firefly was one of those places for me.  Different groups/individuals have told me about Firefly on different locations, and I had to go see what the fuss was about.

I love TAPAS, and Firefly definitely took me to paradise with the stuff I ordered and tried.  I had the sliders, stuffed peppers, and the fries.  I decided to go with the favorites since I was with a big group who were all Firefly veterans.  I definitely loved the selections we all got.  I must try this place again, and hopefully I will have a chance to try some sangria while I'm at it.

Firefly, I'll be back soon!
Firefly is one of those great places in Vegas that's off the Strip which means tourists don't know about it unless they go with a local. They have a great selection of tapas that you don't normally see in most places like Iberico and Ba Ba Reba, and the prices are very reasonable. The first time I went there were 5 people in our group and I don't think we spent $90, and that included drinks. It's a great spot for something different than the usual Strip spots.
This is another another place a Vegas local friend took me to on my recent visit. As with Kaizen, this place has a more locals feel. It is off the strip in the same strip mall as Ruth Chris Steakhouse. This restaurant was doing so well that it opened a restaurant next door called DragonFly. 

Anyway, Firefly is Latin inspired tapas restaurant with a good looking bar. They have small patio area. The decor was hip and modern. The food sampling was good and varied. They have an octopus tapa which I tried. The service was OK to good. We were there for a early dinner late afternoon snack so definitely not peak time. 

Again as Kaizen, another Vegas locals place to try if you can tear yourself away from the Strip, stripping clubbing, or strip steaks.
This Tapas place is really good. 7 of us went for dinner here and we ate good!  The service we had there was pretty good, and the time we waited for our food to come out was pretty much like nothing!  We had two pitchers of Sangria (red and white) and both were delicious.

Do try this place if you love tapas! And if you go, try everything! hehe

I would love to come back here on my next trip to vegas!
This is a perfect spot for a large group: everyone gets to sample a little sumthin sumthin and no one feels like they have to commit to too much food.  

I was in a group of 7 girls and we each ordered 2 rounds of tapas, all of which were really good.  The two items that stood out were the firefly fries and the stuffed dates.  OMG- the stuffed dates were 2 DIE 4!!!!  I'm not a big date eater...who really is??? But I was shocked as hell when a friend insisted that I try one...since I initially didn't want to waste the space in my tummy with one of these.  The dates were stuffed with almonds, wrapped around with bacon and topped off with blue cheese. 
Yum Yum Yum!!!

Oh- and i can't forget the drinkies.  We ordered a pitcher of red and a pitcher of white Sangria.  I've had better Sangrias elsewhere, but between the two at Firefly, I preferred the red.  My girlfriends were grubbing on the fruit at the bottom of their glasses and leaving the wine....go figure!?!?!  

Overall, this is a great place, especially for the wallet.  With the approximate 14+ orders + drinks + tax + tip, divided by 6 girls (exluding the bachelorette), we paid $30 each.  NOT BAD AT ALL!
I trekked out here after reading the great reviews and was pretty disappointed. This is a mediocre tapas spot.  There is nothing "amazing" or "fantastic" about it.  

*Mushroom Tart with Boursin Cheese- I love mushrooms and Boursin but thepuff pastry was dry and tough- not soft like a croissant- just a hard piece of pastry dough. 
*Steak & Mushroom Skewers- Boring, steak isn't very good and the sauces are mediocre.  Tastes like diner food.
*Baked Brie- this was one of the best dishes- the fondue and tomatoes make a nice combo
*Kobe Sliders- these are good although I hated the green chili that was hidden inside the beef- no mention of that on the menu
*Fries- these are pretty decent and the accompanying aioli is good
*Tomato soup- good but not much different from Campbell's

If I found myself in the adjoining mall (highly unlikely) and wanted a quick bite- sure I would stop here- but it's not worth seeking out...
it was my second time around and i'm so happy my memory didn't fail my tastebuds. for all you san franciscans, it's a cha cha cha's-like restaurant kicked up some notches. more selection, fantastic sangria and great portions for a excellent price.
Firefly is excellent!  What a fun place that doesn't feel chain-restauranty like many other places I have been in Las Vegas.  Beautiful patio, reasonable prices and excellent food.  I went with a friend and we shared three tapas and each had a couple of beverages and the prices were reasonable.  I lived in Spain and this brought back memories... I will definitely return and recommend this as a place visitors to Las Vegas go with me when they come to town.
My friend wanted to try this place all weekend but due to scheduling conflicts, we weren't able to go to dinner as planned. We did however, eat here for lunch right before we left and it was pretty good. I can admit I don't really care for tapas that much. A lot of the places I've had them at are really overpriced. This place was fairly resonable and the food was excellent as well as the service. Actually, now that I think of it, I probably enjoyed this place more because my two friends that won over the weekend paid for lunch. I think most can agree that food always tastes better when its free.

Two are of things I especially liked were the ham and cheese croquetas and the roasted eggplant cannelloni. Mmmmm. I'm really glad we were able to check this place out. 

As an added bonus, there was a really hot girl with huge knockers sitting across from us. She caught me staring twice ! I know this has nothing to do with my review of this restaurant but I just thought I'd share. After all, sharing is caring.
With their reasonable price, friendly waitress and tasty food. What can I say? It's a must-go!! If you are not a buffet fan and want to try out Spanish cuisine, it's a nice choice to try. We had stuffed pepper and seafood rice(sorry, forget the name on menu). They were way better than we expected. Absolutely want to go back and try something else. A place to get relaxed with friends enjoying nice food.
Very solid place to sit down and have fun with a group of friends over a pretty varied menu of tapas plates to try from. We went around 5 oclock on a weekday and it was  happy hour, ordered a decent pitcher of red wine sangria for half price. They also has sparkling and white wine sangria, as well as mojitos. My girl and I tried....

- Crispy duck rolls (Way heavy on the tangy sauce)
- Calamari (Recommended by waiter, but as good as any seafood place)
- Firefly Fries (Not a bad basket of fries with Parmesan cheese and seasonings)
- Cheese stuffed figs (MMMhhh)
- Stuffed mushrooms (Tasty as well, but nothing outstanding)

The rest of the party's dishes looked pretty good as well. I would say atmosphere more than the food makes it an enjoyable place to be with friends. Although the prices are not too expensive and you order as much as you want to eat. I think my friends and I might come here again next time we're in vegas.
I think I've found a place unique to Vegas -- don't know how true this statement is but it didn't have that chain feel to it.

Located in a strip mall five minutes away from Las Vegas Blvd. (aka The Strip) is this spot that serves some really tasty tapas and refreshing drinks.  The one thing I will mention about the tapas: seafood dishes are good.
Firefly is loud, crowded, and totally fun.  You got folks getting off of work and looking to unwind and chill, groups celebrating b-days, couples enjoying the setting, and a crowded bar with people waiting for the next open table.

The staff is fairly friendly and very accommodating.  They were especially cool about my request for pitchers of caparinias instead of glasses.

The only thing is parking can be sparse since Firefly shares its parking lot with Ruth Chris's -- so be prepared to search.

Overall, local or not, you should give Firefly a try.
By far THE BEST PLACE FOR SPANISH TAPAS for hundreds of miles around. I'm torn between giving them 4 out of 5 stars because the lowlights of the hostess's/our unattentive waiter. The food however and the busboy(man) was the stars of the night. We had a helping of their Bacon Wrapped Dates with Cheese/Nuts...I my...Tasting Food Porn WOW. Delicious...To start actually...the Bread with Almond Butter Yum!! Who would've thought Almond would make Butter taste So Good? We also had the Mushroom Puff Pastry tart which was very tastey as well as the Spicy Beef Salad (BEWARE Very Spicey but very Good) and the Duck Egg Rolls (Crunchy, Meatey, and Saucey delicatable). You MUST try the Bacon Wrapped Dates though, it's been 2 days and I'm still thinking about them. How tastey they were and how genius. AMBIENCE: Red and More Red lighting. Very hip place. Plenty of Good Atmosphere. A great buzz. Packed for sure. RESERVATIONS a MUST a long as the Hostess don't screw them up. We thought we'd successfully changed out reservation time, come to find out they hadn't done anything to it. The waiter was also too busy focusing on his bigger tip/group tables.
My nickname "the Spaniard" immediately  gives me the authority to judge this establishment, and with the help of Yelp! I will do my best to do it justice!

First of all... this place is spitting distance from Ruth's Chris Steakhouse. I say that just to involve some perspective on its proximal competition. Despite what the bell boys may say, it is also walking distance from the Renaissance (or the convention center for that matter) if that is a question in any traveler's mind. I will say, however, if you choose to walk for dinner expect a surly backstreet Vegas-style walk down "Paradise."

Firefly, although far from the Spain that I know, is a great dinner spot. It is off the strip, and surprisingly unassuming and unpretentious. We were seated on the patio on a uniquely  warm winter night and remained comfy, but if you actually make reservations I would recommend the inside even though it seemed mucho crowded in the cold weather. 

We ordered 4 Tapas: The stuffed bell peppers, the Serrano ham and Manchego plate, the diablo shrimp, and the pork empanadas. To drink we had a pitcher of Red Sangria. Without any hesitation I will say the tapas were delectable, and I would order them all again... especially the shrimp. The Red Sangria on the other hand was full of ice aka watery and contained no other fruit that I saw other then small apple chunks. We finished off the meal with the flan and the bread pudding, and both desserts were very good. I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for variety of the Spanish persuasion. Great Tapas.

The only downside to this place was the music. It was far too loud on the patio, and it went from a Spanishy Gypsy Kings mix to some bizarre techno mix half way through the night. Not a big fan of that, but it wasn't enough to put a damper on a wonderful evening at the Firefly.
love this place.  it's got everything you need for date night, girls night, friends night...any night!

great ambiance, amazing mojitos, yummy food, very intimate!!  also, the tapas portions allows you to try everything.  it's a great way to dine.

2 thumbs up!! way up!

some of my favorites:
smoked salmon platter
empanadas
baked brie
stuffed mushrooms
steak skewers
and..
BANANA NUTELLA SANDWICHES...

enjoy!
Grab some friends... order sangria, the shrimp, the garlic fries. Get some more sangria. Laugh with authentic Vegas people... god totally fun! Go.. now!
Thank you thank you thank you Yelp. 

As soon as I walked into the Las Vegas airport I knew this city would its hardest to convince me that I wanted its flashiest, loudest, and scantily-scandalousy-est. Well ha! I have Yelp. Does *your* iPhone app save you from one of the grossest cities on earth? 

Because of Yelp, I knew to forget the Bellagio buffet. Skip the Paris buffet. Avoid the Wynn. I actually really wanted to go to Lotus of Siam, which somehow both Gourmet magazine and the LA Times think is the best Thai in America, but reservations were booked through the weekend and drop-in wait was 2 hours. And I hadn't scammed any guy into taking me to Joel Robuchon. 

Enter Firefly. Convinced a childhood friend and his buddies to come here, and it turned out to be the perfect choice. Not too pricey, about $30 per. Only an $8 cab ride away from the strip, and no wait. 

Sangria: A must-have with tapas. Obviously. This was watered-down approximately 4X normal. It took me half a glass to get drunk! 

Bacon-wrapped stuffed dates: Yummy signature dish. The crispy texture and saltiness of the bacon paired well with the sweet, chewy date and creamy nutty stuffing. 

Frites: I love frites. These were pretty good, better than room service but not as good as Chez Maman. Delicious aioli. 

Baked brie: Eh. Not bad, not outstanding. 

Steamed mussels with chorizo: I was not expecting this to be a soup. Sour, tomato-y, tangy, so I liked it a lot. 

Tuna tartare: Probably the worst thing we ordered. Ew.

Mac & cheese with manchego: I wouldn't have ordered this and the brie, but one of the guys is really into cheesy things. It was ok. 

Spicy shimp: Super spicy = awesome! The shrimp wasn't that fresh though.
*Great sangria and all the tapas were very good.  
*The music and service was above average.
*We thought prices were quite reasonable.  

Finally, a place that lived up to the hype and recommendations.
WOW!

I was completely blown away by this place.  My friend from Vegas lives and dies by this place, and I now know why!

Upon our arrival into Las Vegas, my friend immediately decided that this is where we would be eating for dinner.  After a quick shower and some down time, we finally met back up with my friend and hailed a cab to Firefly.

Miami needs a Firefly!  What a great ambiance.  When we first arrived, they were a bit crowded and we sat at the bar to have a couple of drinks and await our table.  Not too long after, we were seated in a seperate area that was originally the restuarant next door.  Great atmosphere and loved the decoration.  Low lighting, lots of use of the color red.  Totally my vibe!  :)

I was advised that EVERYTHING on the menu is absolutely delicious, and that I MUST try the croquetas and empanadas.  Alrighty then, I said.  Here we go!  Oh, and the Sangria is a must-try too!

Between 3 of us we had:

*the Ham & Cheese Croquetas - OMG, delish!  Soooo tasty with the addition of the cheese!  A new fave.

*the Empanadas (with Pork) - very tasty and cooked to perfection, with the crispiest, flakiest dough that melts in your mouth.

*the Crispy Duck rolls - these were good, but not my fave.  A little gamey for my taste, and I usually really like duck, but the crispyness was good and I enjoyed the cherry sauce drizzled over...

*Petite Filet - hands down my FAVE dish of the night.  The filet was cooked to perfection, and the mushrooms were just melt-in-your-mouth good!  The roasted potatoes that were also mixed in, along with the red wine sauce, were just PERFECTION.  :)

*Manchego Mac&Cheese - what an awesome twist on a traditional dish!  I must learn to make this at home.

*Tuna Tartare - WOW!  I've never had such delicious tuna.  It was not served as traditional thin slices, but in small diced pieces with a delicious sauce (not sure what the sauce was) drizzled over it, served on a bed of edamame and enoki salad with taro chips.  I would use the chip to pile on everything else on top of it and then eat this crunch concoction!  SOOOO GOOD!

For dessert we all shared the Banana-Nutella sandwiches, which were ORGASMICLY divine!  My new favorite dessert!  SOOOO tasty.

I give this place 5+++++ Stars!  I wish I would have had the chance to return while on my trip, but alas it was too short.  I will DEFINITELY be back here the next time I am in Vegas to try the rest of the items on the menu!
Service was a bit spotty and one of my colleagues had a really gross drink (I think a mojito) here, but other than that, it was a great place to go for dinner. A great list of various tapas and we had several: tortilla espanola (they put hot sauce on it, so watch on it), sliders (yummy), shrimp diablo, stuffed peppers (delish), and several others which I forget. It was all quite tasty, but a few dishes were a little too spicy for me. I am a wimp though, so they might be better for you. Go for the sangria too - it's quite tasty! The atmosphere is nice - it's dark and a little more cozy than other places in Vegas.
This restaurant has a very hit and trendy environment.  The tapas are very good and the sangria was really yummy.  It was my first time having sparkling wine sangria.  We had the duck egg rolls, the eggplant, the filet mignon sliders, the stuff mushroom, and the tuna tartare.  All were very good.  The only thing I would pass on next time are the sliders.  This place is loud and is great for a late night bite.  The place is crowded but we didn't have to wait at all for a table.  This place seems like the place to be and I swear I saw some famous entertainers at the next table.
Can't give an accurate review as we just got drinks and then went to Batista's later that night. Drinks were good and strong....will update when I try the food, service was good.
I love this place!! I'm coming back here or sure next time I'm in Vegas. It was nice to eat somewhere off the strip!! The food was so good and the waiter was super nice. The drinks were pretty good too! If you just wanna get off the strip and have dinner; go to firefly!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!

Every time I take a trip to Las Vegas, which is about every 2-3 months, i make sure I take a trip down to Fireflys!  Even if I am staying up at Green Valley, it is worth dealing with the Strip..... Trust Me.

I first found this place on Racheal Ray's show..... and remembered to check it out... each time I take a new guest to this place they LOVE it.

The best part about this place is that you can get  a "Strip" dinner (Special, Location, Festive, Fun) without the Strip price!!      The last 2 times I went there, with one other, we had 4 Tapas, each a drink, and dessert... we walked out with paying under $55 incl tip!

*****FAVs*****
Wrapped Dates
Sliders
Filet, Chorizo, & Shrimp skewers 
PLUS(i dont care how full you are, you MUST try..)
TRES LECHE for dessert... Heavenly
The tapas here are moderately priced and very good! The service is fast. It is a very cool place to just hang out and get a drink also. On weekend nights, you should call ahead to make a reservation, as the wait may get quite long. There seems to be a lot of locals who go here. I was shown this place by a friend who lives in Vegas and have loved it ever since. I try to go here every time I'm in LV. Last time I was here for dinner.. my friends and I ordered a bunch of tapas and  the bill came out to be about $20 per person. The paella was not bad but it's an entree, not a tapas plate. The garlic fries are very good, tapas priced, but comes in a big bowl. The other things that I ordered were the empanadas, thai beef salad, croquettas, and meat skewers. I can't remember what else i had, but it was all very good. I highly recommend this place to everyone. The mushroom pastry was EXCELLENT!
We come here every time we go to Vegas, and although it's off the strip it's a nice refreshing change to the restaurants in the casino's. 

The food is great, the prices are very reasonable and it has a really fun and lively atmosphere.

Worth making the trip off the strip for!
Everything we had was good.  Loved the petite filet...great deal for $10.
"Firefly" is somewhat of a misplaced moniker choice since it invokes memories of the excellent, if short lived Joss Whedon sci-fi series.

Overall, a very simply, and elegantly designed restaurant.  In a city where excess and flash are norms, Firefly provides a refreshing milieu.  I got the feeling that it caters less to tourists, but rather to the local white collar work force.

Our lunch menu was a assembled tapas selection.  There were enough choices to cobble together an expansive meal, yet not too large as to be overwhelming.  

The obligatory free appetizer consisted of toasted baguette slices with green garlic olives and sweet jalapeno butter.  These was also a good and extensive selection of Tazo teas.

Some examples of sampled food: (the good)
Mushrooms stuffed with chorizo:
Garlicy shrimp (came with plenty of sauce)
Potato bravas (less spicy than usual, and much tastier)
Tuna Tartar (not technically a traditional Tapa, but a good variation on the neo classic dish)

The mediocre:
Artichoke hearts on toast (tasted too canned)
Gazpacho (lacked definition)
Good tapas, but overpriced for what you get, I think. Friendly bartenders and great mojitos, but too cramped and too loud for my taste (yes, I'm over 40).    And just the fact that this place is so damn popular and trendy annoys the hell out of me.   Glad I tried it, but I probably won't be back unless my friends drag me.
I've always loved firefly. It's more of a bar so it's not super relaxing but the food is good and it's a lot of fun with a small group of friends! My favorite thing there is the tres leches so-far it's the best one I've found in town. The tuna tartar is good, the lamb, the tomato basil soup, and the stuffed dates! 
Try it all it's pretty cheap! My friends all like the sangria here I don't like red wine so I wouldn't know but this is a fun place to try at least once!!
Anyone who rates this anything below five stars is crazy. Anyone who says this place is overpriced is crazy. You can order the entire menu for $100.

This place stands out because it's open late, the food is delicious, and it's off the strip and unpretentious.

The Sangria is phenomenal and strong. The wait staff is efficient and friendly.

If you get anything, get the bacon wrapped dates. You'll thank me later.

This is easily my favorite restaurant in the continental US and I make trips to Las Vegas specifically to eat here.
A nice tapas joint! That just happens to serve a pretty kick ass Sangria! 

When you walk into "Firefly", it's kinda of dark and pretty unassuming! Till you get a nice table out on the patio! Now, this is just perfect to people watch and act a fool, or behave, which ever your looking for...all while drinking Sangria's!

The food is an unassuming mix of the new and old. One standout for me was the sliders they have available! The Calamari is something you can pass on, but everything else is up to par with the taste and pricing of a place like this. 

4*'s for the drinks and vibe, not quite 5, because the food is ok, no WOW factor! Maybe I'm too critical? 

Enjoy!
Delicious! Nice vibe inside, great place to hang out with friends and sample different finger foods. I took my GF here and it was good dining experience. The place can get packed especially thurs-Sat, so the waiter can get a little tied up when having to deal with multiple tables. I prefer to dine in the adjoining area that used to be Dragonfly. Since they have their own kitchen, the food comes out faster and there are less tables, so its more intimate. The firefly fries and calamari are awesome! I've also had the brie, fillet sliders, tiera de mar skewers, and baby back ribs. I'll try the dates next. The sangria is delicious, but I prefer their passion fruit mojito which is very refreshing.
Biggest Tapas proportions that I have seen!!! Also, how can you complain about anything that is under $10 and takes a nano-second to get to your table?

Seriously though, if you are looking for a place to take a date, take a hook-up, take your parents, or take your crazy best friends for a night of sangria madness then this is the place! 

It is cozy, dark-but not toooo dark, lively, cheap, fun, and best of all the clientele is totally random. The food is amazing as an extra added bonus!

Try the Tiger Shrimp Ceviche, i swear my mouth had an orgasm.
Firefly lived up to every review. The mojitos were amazing (mojitos are my fave and I order them everywhere), especially the Passion Fruit one, and my boyfriend ordered the house-made infused vodka on the rocks, which was also amazing, and not nearly as strong-tasting as you would think. The food was great, and the prices were even better. We sat outside and the service was slow, but it was a monday night. The music was also a bit loud, but oh well. The baby back mango-bbq ribs were awesome and literally falling off the bone. The stuffed dates were amazing, the calamari was thick-cut and delicious. The stuffed mushrooms with chorizo and chicken were good, but not great, and same goes for the salmon with brioche toasts. They were both good, but I guess just not what we were in the mood for. We will definitely be going back!

We have been back to Firefly about 4-5 times since I last reviewed...still wonderful! They have added a few more tapas dishes to the menu, and it seems some of the portions got bigger, which we were happy about. We were especially happy they were able to sit us on Valentine's Day with no reservation (Dragonfly was closed and they were apparently using their dining room for the spillover...or maybe it was just another dining room?), the service was fast and the waiter kept our mojitos filled to the brim. After about 5 or so trips here now, I can definitely say it is one of our all-time favorite places to eat in all of Vegas. It's easy, affordable, delicious, the ONLY negative is the atrocious parking lot..but that's no one's fault...there are 5 other restaurants in the same small shopping center, and that's just poor planning.
This place has delish Tapas!  My personal favs are: firefly fries, MANCHEGO MAC N CHEESE, roasted eggplant cannelloni, and baked brie (w/o the chorizo).  And they have awesome sangria!!

my only gripe with them is that have made their proportions smaller, which is annoying.  But its still good, and worth the trip down there.  Its a fun, loud place with great food!
A favorite stop for my friends and I, Firefly is a great off-the-Strip spot with amazing food, great atmosphere, fast service and good drinks.

You must try the Filet Mignon Sliders! Ok, I'm going to have to finish this review later because I just made myself hungry
It was a very unique dining experience, being new to the tapas concept.  The food is very good, just not as good as they believe it is.  The Sangria was crisp, fruity and tasty.  The tapas platters were all each very good.
I'll preamble with a disclosure of my hatred of Vegas.  But, for being in Vegas, this place was pretty mellow.  The food was good and they had a lot of good wines on the menu.  The prices were also surprisingly great.  

I had a glass of wine and we each ordered one or two dishes each (tapas, so order more than just one per person).  I walked out spending $21 with tip.

I found the service to be a little bit slow, but I won't raise a huge stink about it because it was admittedly very busy and our waiter otherwise did a great job.

I would recommend this place highly.  Start your night off here and have a good time in this terrible city.

There's a good cigar bar and shop in the same strip mall, too.

All of the hot girls come here and its good for groups.  I recommend sitting so you can face the door and lurk the homegirls.
I was in town for a convention this week and I had seen a review on TV about Firefly so decided to give it a try. I was in town with 2 chefs (my friends) who I am always a little nervous to go out to dinner with. Chefs can be hard to please because they really know whats up with food. So the pressure was on a bit.....and surprisingly Firefly stood up to the test! There was not one thing we could complain about (OK our server forgot to tell the chef to not put garlic cream on one of the dishes)....well nothing that important anyway. 
The food was delicious, every bite! The Sangria brought me right back to Barcelona where I got drunk for the first time. I love a good Sangria. 
I recommend everything, but the Gazpacho, stuffed Piquillo Peppers and Ahi Skewers were my favorites! 
The atmosphere is great for a date or a party (its gets a tad loud). They play great music and there is a nice romantic red ambiance. 
I loved it and will definitely be back next time I am in Vegas!
This was one of the best meals I have eaten in Vegas. It is perfectly portioned and the food tasted great too. Even the mojitos were good.
Just say no. The food was aweful! Atmosphere was trying but LACKING!

I will say my friend hadn't had Spanish tapas ever and thought it was okay, not great though.
A must-stop for me in Vegas.  Love their Mijitos and Sangrias.  The tapas were great with many variety.  My favorite is the lambshops.  Not so crazy on the Firefly fries--not worth the $5.5 price.

Try to get there for Happy Hours.  All drinks are 50%.  If you sit by the bar, you'll get a tapa samplers too.  Also, order by the pitcher.  You'll get 6-7 glass of Mojitos for $28 (or $14 at happy hours).
Firefly is a cool place, but much more for the trendy crowd than for the foodies, like me. It was really loud and crowded. The menu did not have anything very adventurous, in fact quite the opposite. The "french fries" tapas were ok. So was the manchego mac and cheese. The grouper was very dry and plain. The salad was acceptable, but the empanadas seemed small for tapas. The albondigas were boring meatballs with no real flavor. The best thing was the paella, and I've had much better.

If you are looking for great tapas, this just isn't the place.
I love their Tapas, and mojitos...it can be a pain getting a table if you don't reserve ahead of time, because it can get pretty full especially during summer time. It's can be loud, and it's not that big of a place so expect noise.
loved this restaurant! 

a great getaway from the Vegas eat-til-you're-stuffed buffets and with a relaxed, trendy atmosphere.  the service was super - the waiters were very attentive.

the foods were reasonably priced, and portions were substantial - portions large enough to enjoy the dish, but just enough so you didn't get sick of it, and to leave you room for the next one.

2 of us ordered:
- stuffed dates - i swear bacon makes everything taste delicious!
- steamed mussels
- lamb skewers - delicious!
- filet mignon sliders 
- pitcher of sangria - lots of fruit, very delicious, about 5-6 glasses 

our bill for 2 came out to about $55 - a great price for a satisfying meal!

would definitely like to come back here next time i'm in vegas!
If you want to get away from the strip....including the glitz, glamour, and expensive cuisine...come HERE.  They had the biggest tapas portions I've ever had, and I won't even take the time to list what I ordered because everything tasted amazing.

With a group of 12 people, with each person ordering 3 - 5 different plates, that's a lot of taste testing.  There wasn't one thing I didn't say..."OMG...that's delicious."

The one thing I wished I had tried was the sangria, but the bottomless mojitos were delightful as well.  The service was also great, but it got to the point that there was so much food coming out, that they didn't bother asking what belonged to who...so that got annoying trying to pass down the plates.

All in all...I would seriously give this place a chance, even though it might be a small trek for all of you staying along the Strip.  But definitely worth the try.

Trust.
everything was great! had my 25th b-day dinner here...and it was so much fun! 
order the mussels, mac and cheese and fries - but pretty much everything on the menu was good...great pairing with a pitcher of mojitos...
however, friends set-up a cupcake arrangement for me and there was a cupcake missing...oh, well hope the staff enjoyed it...
Food was good, atmosphere was more of a bar type than a resto. Great Flavors.
first time i actually had tapas was here at firefly in 2008. they were yummy! i loved loved loved the little brie sandwiches with the tomato soup. everything we had was so good! including the sangria! i will definitely eat here again next time i'm in sin city.
Hands down the best tapas joint in Vegas. It is so nice to sit on the patio on a warm (very warm) summer night & drink the delicious sangria or maybe a thirst quenching mojito. Every dish I've ever had here was absolutely perfectly prepared, and I'm sure I've had well over a hundred of them. The service is just as great as well. My only complaint is that over the years they got too popular & were usually on the very crowded side. Although you can avoid this problem by hitting them up for lunch. Cheers to Firefly.
***Lots of ladies like to hang out here. Trust me, my Dad noticed this & he doesn't notice much these days.***
Still rockin! Best value in Vegas.
I had been feening for tapas after trying Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba in Chicago, so finally came out to Vegas on a weekend girls trip and hit this place up for dinner. 

The place was definitely cute and cozy, with spanish decorations along the wall and dim lighting. My only gripe with the place was how dark it was - it was just a little hard to see our food or maybe I'm just being nitpicky? I have no complaints about the service, our server was attentive and helpful and our food came out fast! (our dinner maybe lasted an hour?)

For 7 girls, 1 pitcher of white sangria, 11 tapas & 2 desserts...our bill came out to about $22/person w/ tip!!! so this place definitely scores with the price range and we were definitely content, not starving or overly stuffed! 

What we ordered: tuna tartare, shrimp ceviche, chorizo clams, curry mussels, stuffed peppers, stuffed mushrooms, duck rolls, manchego mac n cheese, firefly fries, stuffed dates, baked brie, banana nutella sandwiches & chocolate tres leches. 

We loved everything with the exception of the duck rolls (dont get them!) and their white sangria wasnt up to par with the white mango sangria I had at Ba-Ba-Reeba in Chicago (but then again it really is a hard one to beat!). The  tres leches could have been softer (it seemed a bit stiff) but it was well complemented with the strawberries. I would love to come back again and try all the other things on the menu! Until next time...
I've been there so many times, that should say something about how much I like the place =)

Here's a list of things I had and what I think about them:

Stuffed Dates - texture party in my mouth, great flavor, never fail!
Fried Calamari - just like any other good calamari, nothing super special
Manchego Mac n Cheese - creamiest mac n cheese I've ever had, MMMM
Firefly Fish Sticks - more like fried fish fillets, good flavor, but dry sometimes
Roasted Baby Beet Salad - well, its a beet salad, nothing special
Spicy Beef Salad - tasty thai dressing on slices of beef and leafy green, pretty good stuff
Ceviche of Shrimp - too "soupy" in my opinion
Terra y Mare Skewers- good flavor, tender beef, goodtimes
Firefly Fries - I can never say no to fries, especially ones top with cheese!
Smoked Samon Platter - good standard
Plate of Serrano Ham n Cheese - its a pretty yummy dish, my friend said it reminded him of Spain
Tuna Tartare - not enough salt
Filet Mignon Slider - standard stuff
Crispy Duck Rolls - too greasy
Lamp Chops - nothing can go wrong with this one
Babyback ribs - nothing can go wrong with this one either, sweet n tender
Pulpo asado - meh...

To wash everything down, Mango Mojito is super yum!
Blueberry Mojito is so so, and I personally didnt care for their sangria, but I probably just don't like sangrias in general.
cheap food in small portions so you can try a little bit of everything. the mac 'n' cheese is delicious; the sun dried tomatoes is what did it for me! french fries were good as well as their red sangria! they're red sangria was worth the trip!
The food here was delicious.  Everything came out really quick, and the sangria was amazing.  I liked that they had a fruit/no fruit option, as when there is no fruit in the pitcher you get more sangria for your dollar.  The fruit clogs the straw anyways, so I figure win, win.
To my shame, this was the first time I had Tapas in my 25 (at the time) years of existence on Earth.

My goodness, this place totally rocks!  I loved everything we ordered and it was regrettable that I did not have a bigger stomach.  Pitcher (or two... or three?) of sangria was tasty.... mmmmmmmmmmmmmm.

Finally, I loved the relative "local joint" feeling.  It's nice to get out of the strip area, even for a little bit, and visit where the locals eat.  I'm sure there are outsiders here too, but it's definitely less than... say Bellagio buffet lol.

I imagine that it'll be really fun to go with a big group, so you can order all the varieties and try a little bit.  Yum.  I would definitely come back here again.
This place is very good. I am a big fan of tapas because you can try pretty much everything especially if you have a big group. The fries here are awesome. Do not forget the lamb chops, shrimp in garlic butter sauce, stuffed mushrooms, empanadas and bacon wrapped dates. Also, the sangria is quite tasty. I have not had the chance to try everything on the menu but I have a feeling that i will not be disappointed. The service is very good, I never had a bad experience. Tapas and sangria...what else can I say? Oh yeah don't forget the mojitos!
Great restaurant!  I highly recommend the stuffed dates, the blood orange mojitos and the tres leches cake is heavenly!!
Firefly is an awesome tapas restaurant. I must get the bacon-wrapped dates every time. I also enjoy the camarones a la diabla, albondigas, croquettes and mushroom tart. I have tried many dishes and have not had a bad one.

The sangria is by far the best in town.

Normally, the service is hit or miss, depending on how busy they are. At times, it can get a bit noisy, so I usually request to sit outside where it's a bit quieter.

Overall, a great value for the price.
FIREFLY ROCKS!!!  They have awsome service! Awesome food and Awesome Mojitos and Sangrias!  We went there for a bachelorette party with a group of around 20 people and their service was excellent and their food kept coming out!  I loved all the dishes we ordered, the Ahi Tuna, the Calamari, the Surf and Turf, the spicy steak salad...all of it!  I guess if I had to pick, there were only two items that I thought were good but nothing special about them....The Filet Slider Burgers and the Mac & Cheese.  They are good, but no biggie and you're better off ordering something else on the menu to fill your stomach with.  They have a huge menu to order from too!  Best of all their prices are  very reasonable!  About $5 to $10 a dish.  Since we has such a large group, we ordered pretty much everything on the menu so I got to try so many different dishes and I loved them all!  Our bill came out to about $40 per person, which included drinks and tax!!!  If you're ever in Vegas and want to get away from the tourist trap hotel restaurants, go to Firefly!!
I LOVE TAPAS. Firefly makes creative and super delicious tapas and one of my friends had been hesistant to make the trip out to Firefly and repented for the rest of the night because the food was sooooo good.  Here's what we ate (groaning and rolling our eyes loudly in delight):

*ceviche of shrimp - I'm not gonna lie, 8.50 for 1/3 cup of ceviche makes me sad, but the flavors were great so I slurped it up.

*tortilla espanola - classic and delicious. if you go to a tapas bar with no tortilla espanola, leave immediately. 

*roasted eggplant cannelloni - ultra-thin slices of eggplant that were lightly charred and stuffed with goat's cheese. what else can I tell you?!

*stuffed peppers - WOW! so simple and yet sooooo decadent. mama loves cheese, garlic and peppers so this was basically my fave.

*manchego mac & cheese - in my mouth please. 

*albondigas - my friends and I all lived in Seville together and have many not-so-fond memories of greasy albondigas, these were a nice surprise but I wouldn't get them again I guess. PTSD or what have you. 

Frankly I wanted to keep eating until the kitchen ran out of food. I would have continued on with the roasted squash soup, the veggie empanada, patatas bravas, artichoke toasts, smoked salmon platter, okay and basically the entire rest of the menu. 

This place isn't as ornate as Boston's Dali, but these tapas are scrumptious and worth a cab ride even if you're just in town to party. Trust me.
What a cool place.  If you don't know what Tapas are, it's basically small side dishes/appetizers.  This place has is down, you can order all sorts of Tapas until you are full.  It's reasonable on price for what you get to try and everything tastes good.

It has a full bar and it's packed and popular with the young crowd.  Great people watching for sure.
I love this place for group outings. It can get kind of loud so if you're looking for a nice, quite restaurant on a Friday night...not here.
The prices are extremely reasonable and the Tapas are really good.  I have been satisfied every time I've gone.....

Get the Sangria. Try the mushroom tart and the mac & cheese.

Highly recommended!
Firefly is the kind of place we usually like to take visitors from out of town when they want something cool and hip, but without the chaos of the strip (nor the exuberant prices).

They started us off with a plate of bread, buttery good stuff, and green olives as we checked out the menu.  To get things started for our party of five, we ordered a pitcher of sparkling sangria ($24).  

To grub on...
* Stuffed dates "bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese" ($4) - Everyone always loves these.  It's just a bite of intense flavor and goodness, and there's bacon!  About four to an order. 

* Terra y Mare skewers "grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde" ($10) - Came with three skewers, it was good, not great, but okay.

* Firefly" fish sticks "fillets of grouper, Japanese breadcrumbs, spicy tartar sauce" ($6) - Arrived with two sticks per order.

* Merguez "spicy lamb sausage, tomato-pepper confit, grilled bread" ($8) - A strong taste that gets some getting used to. The Husband was loving this stuff.

* Pulpo asado "marinated and grilled octopus, potato, tomato" ($7.50) - The octopus was bit overcooked, not quite what I expected.  But then again, it probably was frozen and that altered the texture a bit.

* Steamed mussels "red curry, white wine and coconut cream" ($8) - My favorite of the bunch, full of flavor in this red curry with two slices of toasted cheese bread for dipping.  I saved the sauce for my paella and bread.

* Ahi tuna skewer "mango, basil, mustard-ginger glaze" ($10) - Cooked tuna, which I don't care for too much.  Our friend got lured into ordering this by the waitress he thought was cute.

* Paella "saffron rice, clams, shrimp, calamari, chicken, Spanish chorizo sausage" ($15) - Good stuff with lots of good stuff in it.  Tasty, and of course, even better with the red curry sauce from the Steamed Mussels dish.

* Sparkling Sangria ($24 pitcher) - Enough to fill at least five glasses and really tasty too.  It's a light drink, with only a bit of fruit bits in it.  But definitely enjoyable by guys and girls.  We ordered another pitcher during our visit.

Overall, some food times are good and standout-worthy while others can remain unseen.  The sangria is perfect for sharing and has enough alcohol in it for you to be feeling pretty good.  Service was better in the beginning with our waitress checking up on us and our dirty plates disappearing in a timely manner.  It slacked off a bit when our waitress didn't come around anymore and when the busboys were a bit overanxious in trying to clear plates that weren't empty yet.

3.5 stars

Happy Hour: Mondays through Thursdays: 3 pm to 6 pm
Fridays: 3 pm to 5 pm (1/2 off all drinks)

Tuesdays: Latin Night, from 10 pm to 2 am (salsa, meringue, cumbia, rock, no cover)
The best tapas in town. Must try their Mac n'Cheese. Now I know what you're thinking, Mac n'Cheese?! Why would anyone go to a tapas place for that?! But this is way better than any another Mac n'Cheese you had even had. Other super tasty dishes are their spicy beef salad, lamb crop, stuffed data, sliders and so much more. AND their Sangria, they have awesome Sangria. Get a pitcher and share it with your friends. The place get hotter late at night. Except to wait, this place is pack all the time.
I live in LA and I come to Vegas every year for New Years and this is the one spot that I have to hit up each and every time.

Four words = AMAZINGLY ORGASMICALLY DELICIOUSLY GOOD!!!!

I think by now I've tried all the tapas on their menu already and I would have to give each tapas 5 stars each so that equals out to hundreds of stars total for Firefly. :D

My favorite tapas are:

-Filet Mignon Sliders
-Empanadas
-Fried Calamari
-Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms
-Tuna Tartare 
-Crispy Duck Rolls
-Ham and Cheese Croquetas

Even their fries are off the hook because it has a hint of parmesan, herbs, and aioli and their Mojitos - I can get drunk off of that all day everyday. yUuMmMmmYlicious to EVERYTHING on the menu - no joke!
Super busy on our arrival Saturday night. Met up the birthday boy and friends at 8:30pm. They were already down a pitcher of Mojito, and we quickly ordered another pitcher of Sangria for the table.

I know better than to eat too much before going out dancing so Joy P. and I kept it simple with just an order of ceviche (a little watery), and paella (delicious).  The menu was an interesting mix of spanish, asian, and cuban(?). The other orders basically the rest of menu, and the stand outs were the bacon wrapped dates and ... and i don't remember eating anything else.
This is a great place to go off the strip.  We actually went twice while we were in town.  You can't beat the great food and reasonable prices.  I highly recommend the dates, empanadas, and chorizo stuffed mushrooms!
I wasn't a big fan of Tapas before, but after having our Bachelorette Dinner at Firefly...I'm hooked like Flies.  Wow...the food was fantastic.  Almost everything we had on the menu was sooo good.  The decor of the place is rather quaint as well.  Such a great hand out place off the strip.  Located right next to Ruth Chris.  Definitely a must visit place when in Vegas.

Pricing, cheap especially compared to Strip prices.
I have been to firefly a few times and every time I am satisfied. The Manchego Mac and Cheese is AMAZING....as is the eggplant mannicotti and the Serrano ham chilled tapa.

Service was good with a bit of a wait but more than enough room to stand at the bar.

One word of warning, don't mix a pitcher of Sangria, with a gin and tonic, and a jack and coke. Bad idea.
Our normal tapas stop in Vegas is Cafe Ba-ba-reeba but we decided to try Firefly based on Yelp reviews and our desire to go "off-strip".    The menu is much more extensive at Firefly than Cafe Ba-ba-reeba and very good.   The filet mignon sliders are wonderful!      

That being said, Cafe Ba-ba-reeba is still our favorite for overall tapas experience but we definitely enjoyed our visit to Firefly and would not hesitate to go back again.
Just when I think I have game....

Girl: Yeah!  It's my birthday!!!

Archie: Nice, where you from?

Girl: Colorado.

Archie: Awesome, so how old are you tonight?

Girl: Guess!

Archie: Ok, (better guess young so I don't offend) I am thinking 25??

Girl: *GASP*  NO!!  I am 21!!

Archie: Oops.

She could do with using more sunblock on a daily basis.

Anyways...this is actually my second time to Firefly.  

Both times have been good.  It's well off the strip but always seems to attract a large & loud crowd.

Recommend the mac & cheese, the ceviche, and the pork ribs.

SPF.
This is by no means the first time I have been to Firefly. It has been a place I go now and then over the years for a late night bite to eat or a social gathering or two. Sometimes it's loud and there are tons of people.. but the food usually quality and if you can get a table you are golden. 

I went again the other night and it seems they have done away with alot of the clutter, added more dining areas and used the once "Dragonfly" Sushi next door ( a short-lived endeavor) and turned it into a disco ball having lounge of sorts. ( I haven't ventured in there yet) So the dining room is free for just that. The food is always good, inexpensive and easy to get to. 

Between my friend and I, we shared a pitcher of red sangria, 4 tapas and dessert.. the bill was about 60 bucks. Not bad for an hour and a half of dining for two peeps. Check it out. Its a fun spot!
A great place for a late night dinner.  I absolutely love tapas and the food here was not bad at all.  But I do have to say I wish our server told us while we were ordering that this so called small plates were not that small.  Coming from SF I really expect SMALL plates.  Dinner for 8 was super cheap $150 and that is with alcohol and we were stuffed.

We had the white sangria...it was yummy tasted like juice.  I seriously think we over ordered.  We had the tuna tartare, sliders, calamari, ceviche, paella and a bunch of other stuff.  Everything was pretty good and once again the prices were great.  I would definitely come back again if time allows the next time I come back to Vegas.
I absolutely love Firefly and am so glad Rachael Ray introduced me to it two years ago.  I make sure to come every time I'm in Vegas and this past visit, my boyfriend and I came here three times, lol.

My favorite dishes:
~ Camarones a la Diabla: OMG!!  Best shrimp ever.  I love their spicy sauce and am so glad they give you the plate of complimentary bread so I can mop up all the leftover sauce.  Actually, the sauce would make anything taste good.  A must try!!
~ Firefly Fries: Lots of garlic and parmesan cheese ~ delish!
~ Paella: rice is tasty and they don't skimp on the seafood.
~ Steamed Mussels: it comes in a coconut curry sauce that is good enough to drink.  Not very spicy but good curry flavor.  Mussels are very fresh and steamed to perfection.

Other recommended dishes:
~ Patatas Bravas
~ Stuffed Dates
~ Fried Calamari
~ Empanadas

Not so good dishes:
~ Baked Brie: I think I didn't enjoy it much because the cheese wasn't as hot as I expected it to be and it wasn't that special.
~ Terra y Mare Skewers: the filet mignon was really dry and wasn't very tasty in general.
~ Tuna Tartare: the tuna was in huge chunks and not marinated enough.
~ Caramel Flan: meh...I've had better flan, texture wasn't very smooth.

Overall, still a great tapas place  Prices are pretty reasonable and it's just great being able to try a bunch of small dishes and not having to fill up on an entree.  Great place to have a few drinks and kick back with some friends or to have a romantic date.  Yay for Firefly!
We were visiting Vegas and decided to go off the strip for some local flavor. Thanks to Yelp, I decided on Firefly and made reservations the same day. We arrived a little early, but even though it was very busy, they had our table ready. We ordered the camarones a la diabla, stuffed dates (they aren't mentioned 28 times on Yelp for nothing), empanadas, and chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms. Everything was yummy. I listened to Katelynn L's review and avoided the dishes she mentioned. I would suggest the first 3 dishes for sure. The mushrooms were good, but nothing special that I would reorder. 

By the time we sat down and we finished our dinner, it was 30 minutes. Talk about the fastest service ever!! I don't think it was even 5 minutes before our dishes started coming out after we ordered. The food is wonderful, ambiance is dimly lit but fun. Seems like a great place to go to with a group. The server suggested 2 tapas per person and you can move on from there. We had a large lunch, so 4 plates were perfect. Its a 5 min cab ride to/from the strip, about $8. Its located in a strip mall behind the Palazoo. Cabs are abundant in the evenings when leaving and it seems to get really busy here even on a weekday. Our total bill was $35 and that was also with 2 glasses of sangria.

Its a definite revisit next time I'm back in Vegas. I wish I was hungrier so I could have tried more of the tapas. I'm usually not a HUGE fan of tapas, but I love Firefly! We have a Baba-Reeba in Chicago and I would suggest this place over that, though I haven't tried the Baba-Reeba in Vegas.
Stuffed dates? Nothing I'd ever order.

Luckily, I tried them. And they were delicious. And most of what I ate here was great! Along with the dates, I sampled the empenadas, petite filet, chicken chrorizo stuffed mushrooms, shrimp a la diabla, and the nutella sammiches for dessert. The stuffed mushrooms were disappointing since they were under the heat lamp for too long, so the cheese was hard and not very tasty. But everything else was pretty great. The Sangria rivaled what I've had in Spain (or at least, what I remembered I've had in Spain), and it was a great lively feel to the place.

It was absolutely packed on a Tuesday night, though. So reservations are recommended. 

Although I'm not a local, I was treated like I was an regular, with attentive and helpful service from our server and the busboy quickly grabbing our old plates to make room for the new ones. 

I'll be back here again, hopefully for Happy Hour next time.
Amazing atmosphere and delicious food!! We went there on a Friday night and the place was packed with about 25 people waiting to get in. Even so, we were seated in about 20 minutes. The place is dimly lit and resembles a club more than a restaurant but the atmosphere and vibe is great. We ordered a pitcher of mojitos, the veggie empanadas, patatas bravas, empanadas and camarones a la diabla. Each and every dish was fantastic and I would especially recommend the camarones diabla. I'm so glad we decided to go here and I cant wait to go back to Vegas to try more of the menu.
This is a very good Tapas place on Paradise. A wide variety of choices to choose from. Some traditional Tapas, some relatively unique.

All of the food is good. My favorite were the filet mignon sliders. They also have a full bar, including a wide selection of flavored Mojitos.

The service was fast & prompt and there food was delivered pretty efficiently. On a nice night, ask to be seated outside.

This place is in a strip mall and seems to have a good local crowd.
We came here in the middle of our trip, it's a little off the strip ($8-10) cab ride, and completely worth it, especially for the money you'll save. Great food, quick service, reasonable wine list unlike the rest of the city, and a good time. Since most people go to vegas in groups, it's great to go w/a bunch of people and order everything that sounds good. 

Tapas style, so small plates that are for sharing. 

Stuffed dates, fishsticks, lentils, stuffed mushrooms, manchego mac n cheese, and on and on. Delicious.
Great food, cool environment, stays open late, good House Music (Miguel Miggs, Samantha James, Kaskade, Julius Papp, I recognized most of the songs they played). I've been to Firefly twice and have enjoyed their food thoroughly both times.

My friend and I started off with baby back ribs and filet mignon sliders with an additional side order. The portions are small, so if you wanted order a little bit of everything, you could definitely get a stab at a good portion of the menu. A pitcher of Red Sangria was perfect to wash the food down with. We ended the evening with a dessert platter which was excellent! Very easy on the taste buds.. 

The service for the evening was great. Our server was great with his timing and very attentive to our needs... So you're probably wondering why I docked one star? Well.. I know this place is loud.. but certain people were noticebly loud even in such an environment.. There was a guy with a group of his friends, obviously coked out of his mind, screaming obscenities over his cell phone and smacking himself in the face, acting like a primate on speed... I ignored this the whole time, but my friend was obviously extremely bothered by it... We stayed cool about it, cuz we understand there's obviously people who can't handle even being in Vegas without obliterating every part of themselves that make them human... I just wish the staff may have noticed this and at least took the time to tell him to calm down..

So other than poor version of Kid Rock on crack, the rest of the experience was fine. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to get a nice, fun, dining experience without having to sacrifice their entire wallet.
Damn Rachel Ray for letting the cat out of the bag...
If there is a reason why anyone would move to the God forsaken desert town full of sin and mischief, it would be so they could dine at Firefly on Paradise on a whim without driving 200 miles. If you think you've had a good tapas experience, think again. Firefly on Paradise had such creative plates that offer such an eclectic combination of flavors. It is definitely a dining experience you will leave thinking you won't forget because this is the only place that offers them. Their eggplant cannellonis are amazing.  The Lemon Chicken served with Firefly french fries were so fresh and tasted like home cooked goodness.  Definitely coming back here when we're in Vegas again.  The prices are decent considering the quality and portion size and the fact that it's a Tapas bar.  They don't take reservations though and the wait can be long and trust me, you don't want to sit outside in 106 degree weather.
Off the Strip - this cool place is open late until 2 am serving small plates. I had the Chicken & Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms, and the Empanadas. Both were excellent plus they gave me bread and some cheese spread stuff that was good too.
Off the strip, but close enough for any visitor to get to.  Great selection of tapas.  Loved how the service didn't rush us.  Save room for the Tres Leche Cake for dessert.
Excellent small plates, especially for a late night meal. My search for a Mexican place on my GPS unit came up with this place,  and although it is obviously not a Mexican place, I was pleasantly surprised.
 
Located inside a strip mall ( like everything else in Las Vegas), they have a small patio, which we dined on. We arrived around 1 AM and received prompt, very friendly service. I figured when we arrived so late, with the kitchen closing at 1:30, we would be rushed to order. In fact, it was exactly the opposite. After we ordered, the server told us to hold on to a menu, should we decide that we wanted to try something else, which indeed we did.

The three of us shared several small plates, including the mushroom/steak skewers, empanadas (my favorite), shrimp in chile sauce (a close second),  meatballs, cream cheese stuffed peppers and a warm spinach salad, all delicious.  Not too expensive (all the above plus a martini and a margarita for around $70 plus tip), and for a late night meal, it is a new favorite for me!
This is still my favorite restaurant in the country, and that's saying a lot.

I've eaten here so many times. Here are the MUST HAVES at firefly that you won't get many other places.

- Boquerones (anchovies on toast with roasted red pepper, avocado)
- Shrimp Ceviche (out of this world)
- Bacon Wrapped Dates (unghhhhhhh)
- Manchego Mac n Cheese (unghhhhhhh)
- Empanadas (unghhhhhhh)
- Chorizo Clams (clams in a thin red sauce with chorizo, mmmmm)
- Ahi tuna skewers

I mean, I love everything on the menu, but this is a standard meal for 4 people at Firefly, in my opinion. So so so so so good.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!! I make a point to go here at least a few times every time I go to Vegas. The food here is waaaay better than that of the hotel restaurants, which for the most part is overpriced garbage. My fave dishes...
Veggie Empanadas
Tomato Soup and mini grilled cheese (I always have to add a half pack of sugar to the soup)
Shrimp, I forget the name but I think it's in a garlic butter sauce.
Chicken Skewers- out of this world, not dry at all and so tasty
I haven't had them in a while, but I also remember the Duck Eggrolls being very yummy.
Beet Salad was good too

The mushroom tart was not my fave, kinda boring. Puff pastry triangles with mushrooms and cream sauce poured on top. 
I also was not loving the bread pudding.
Even though it was a hot summer night, my friend and I decided to sit out on their patio. I actually preferred the patio: it was much more laid-back and quieter outside, so we could hear each other talk. 

Sangrias were refreshing and tasty, and kept us parched. 

We ordered calamari, shrimp ceviche, spicy potatoes, and some kind of mushroom pastry. Everything we had was absolutely yummy. Their calamari was spot on delicious, but that mushroom puff pastry was spectacular. 

It's nice eating off the Strip occasionally, so definitely make the trip away from the chaos to have some tapas, sip some sangria, and take a break from the madness.
I like the atmosphere almost as much as the small plates. It's busy and lively, and the waitstaff are helpful and friendly without being overly familiar or intrusive. The food is fantastic! We tried 5 dishes and loved them all.
Now that I've been here 3 times, I feel like a review is in order! Service has been hit or miss, but I'll let it slide until there are serious issues. Atmosphere is fun for groups or a date (although I'd warn it's a little loud - not the best place for conversation).

Drinks: Freaking awesome. I've enjoyed most of the mojitos I've tried (particularly like the pineapple coconut "paradise" flavored one), and I also really enjoy the sangria. I'm disappointed their HH ends at 6 PM, however. 

Food: I love the mix of spanish and new american tapas they have. The duck rolls, sliders, and mac and cheese are all favorites of mine although I realize they aren't spanish at all! I do think they do a better job of "plating" the tapas here than Babreeba - for instance the beer battered shrimp come with a huge plate of assorted fried veggies. 

Overall a fun off the strip place to go. We went there with a group of 12 last night and got buzzed and full for $40 each with tax and tip. Not bad for Vegas.
We found this place on Yelp and decided to try it in Vegas.  Its a little bit off the strip, but no worries.  There were four of us and to start we ordered 8 plates and a pitcher of Mojitos. 

First the Mojito was actually too minty, but once the ice melted a bit, it was excellent.  

The first 8 dishes came out, I don't remember them all but it was fantastic.  The highlights were a savory shrimp dish, the filet migon sliders, and fried calamari.

For the second round we just asked the waiters for suggestions, have gave us three and they might have been the three best dishes for the whole meal.    Try the Stuffed Dates, Bacon + Dates + Cheese, so freaking good. We also got the Diablo shrimp and these skewers with sausage, beef and shrimp.

All in all this places is amazing, in particular the shrimp dishes.
This place was awesome!  We went here on our first day in Vegas, and it did not disapoint.  We had four people, so we were able to get a ton of different dishes, and none of them were bad, though some were just ok.  Most, however, are great.  Make sure you ask your waiter what is good...ours did not lead us wrong.  Best dishes were the filet mignon sliders, merguez, and the stuffed dates.
The food here was good and unique! I would recommend slightly dressing up... like with slacks and a nicer shirt/top. I went in a t-shirt, capris, and flip-flops and felt under-dressed.
What a fabulous date place!

I have been here many times but had taken a hiatus until a hot date suggested tapas...We made reservations for 8PM Saturday, got dolled up and went to town!

We were seated right away and the hostesses were very friendly.  Our waitress was awesome and the other staff constantly refilled our waters and removed plates.  Considering it was wall-to-wall packed, our food came out extremely fast!  

We ordered a pitcher of red sangria...mmm!  I might have had 3/4ths of it!  For grub, we had lamb skewers over lentils (soooo yummy), crispy duck rolls, tuna tartare with taro chips, vegetable empanadas (looove the sauce on them), manchego mac n cheese, and tortilla espaniola (potato omelette).  These were ordered over 2 rounds so we could pace ourselves.  Food was hot, delivered fast, and very tasty.  

It set us up to walk around Fremont Street and my date won the equivalent of our dinner cost back at 4 Queens playing blackjack (luck be a lady!!)
I love this place. Its very fun and lively atmosphere. Plus I love tapas and according to Vil which has try almost every dish here said they are all good. We had to order the Paella, Veggie Empenadas, and Tuna Tartar. We end up ordering a pitcher of white sangria too. The Veggie Empenadas was taste and was fried perfectly. Tuna Tartar was just okay to me but it was not bad. The Paella was the best, Vil and I could not get enough of it. The white sangria was tasty and refreshing. Yes among two girls, we finish the pitcher. We also made friends with the bartenders. We met Rico, Hector, and Ray. Vil liked to call Rico - Rico Savvy. Yes we had good times here. Will be back for sure next time in Vegas.
Ok, We Love it!

A friend of a friend suggested that we meet them at Firefly on Paradise...at first were very hesitant. So we yelped it, gave it a try and we loved it so much we went back the next night! The food is absolutely delicious, the service is the same and the Sangria is to die for. 

We had both the veggie and pork empenadas which were arguably the best I've ever had. The ceviche was amazing, the bacon wrapped dates were also amazing. The filet/shrimp skewers were also good, and the Filet Migon sliders were BOMB!

We ordered the Red Sangria which we loved! We didn't get a chance to try the others, but we will next time we plan our trip to vegas.
Tapas and sangria... check.  Dim mood lighting... check.  Noisy, boisterous drunken conversation... check.  A long waiting list at 10pm?  Very impressive.

Firefly is a hip, party type place and very popular.  Unless you are going on a Monday night, don't think you are going to stroll in here on a Saturday night (even at 9pm) and get a table right away.  Make a reservation and get yourself opentable.com points.  I arrived 20 minutes early and was promptly seated.  Perhaps it was because it was just a party of 2 or perhaps they are just on the ball.  They generally had several large parties, so I am sure it is coordination nightmare.

Be sure to confirm your reservation and show up on time.  Otherwise, they will give away your table.

Service is as good as one can expect for a super busy restaurant.

Food consists of small dishes running about $5-10, with a few large dishes such as paella for $15.  You can see the menu online with exact pricing.  Expect that you will need 3-5 dishes per person depending on appetite.  Alcohol is fairly reasonable, though not really a bargain.  I figure a $6 sangria is fair for the most part.

We had smoked salmon on toast with cream cheese, paella, beef skewers, duck rolls, warm spinach salad and fish sticks.  The only dish that sort of missed the mark was the paella.  It had pockets of extreme flavor and pockets of extreme blandness.  I guess they didn't mix it enough or maybe that is how paella is supposed to be?  Each order, aside from the paella, serves two... maybe three, so plan accordingly.

They is no valet parking.  Just swing around behind Ruths Chris to find ample parking.

A pretty good strip mall for restaurants.  Yolie's is here, too.
We came here last time we were in Vegas and loved it, so last weekend when we were in Vegas again we had to come back.  We brought a Vegas resident friend who had never been here before and she loved it too.  It's a very cool place.  Both times we've gone have been during the day, but I can see how this would be a great evening date place, although from other reviews it looks like it gets pretty busy on weekend evenings.  Most of the dishes are small tapas plates so it's a great place to go, order a bunch of different dishes and share with your pals.  Between four of us, we had:

Bread, cheese spread, green olives (free appetizer);
Roasted eggplant cannelloni (with goat cheese and tomato sauce);
Tuna tartare (with mango, marinated ahi tuna, avocado and taro chips);
Manchego mac 'n' cheese (baby shells baked with cheese);
Empanadas (pastry stuffed with roast pork and red pepper, served with salad and aioli);
Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms (we got 2 orders);
Filet mignon sliders (mini burgers with serrano ham, cabrales cheese and caramelized onions) (we got 2 orders);
Crispy duck rolls (with cherry hoisin sauce);
Firefly fish sticks (fillets of grouper, Japanese breadcrumbs and spicy tartar sauce);
Chorizo clams (peppers, two kinds of spicy sausage, white wine, parmesan toasts)

Everything was great, but my favorites were the stuffed mushrooms, duck rolls and chorizo clams.  I guess I'm down for just about anything with chorizo in it.  Not only was the taste of the dishes great, but the presentation was fantastic too.  It's the kind of food you look at and even if you don't like something in it you can't wait to try it because it looks so good.

The price was reasonable, with most tapas dishes costing between $5 to $10 each.  The four of us were stuffed afterwards and the total including tax, tip and drinks came out to about $120.  I'd definitely come back here anytime I'm in Vegas.
This is probably the only restaurant in town that you can eat at multiple times and consistently never be disappointed.  The menu is large and never gets old.  The crowd is young and when you sit down in the restaurant it's very cozy and has a pulse unlike any other restaurant in Vegas.  Food is amazing... Sangria is amazing! The price is great and the memories are plentiful.
I loved this place.  Great sangria, great atmosphere, great food.  I am very picky about food and service because well, I am in food and service.  Staff was helpful, even had to change my reservation too a later time because the first part of my night was not on schedule and they were accommodating.  Ham and cheese croquetas, Kobe beef sliders, and stuffed dates were amazing.  Great beet salad and just an al around good time.  They made my birthday fun, special, and not super expensive.  Amazing.
Had to update my review... Went last night with a friend in town that wanted to try the place I was hyping up all week LOL. We were seated right away around 8 and by 9 the place was packed (as usual). Our waitress was fast and we got our olive and bread app along with my stuffed dates (amazing) nice and fast. Tried the ahi skewers and the steamed mussels in red curry and coconut cream for the first time, both were great. My buddy had the 14oz Ribeye w/those wonderful firefly sig fries. Another A+ dinner.
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  Prices are reasonable, service is great, and the ambiance is trendy.  Some of the items on the menu to try: Red Sangria, stuffed dates, and crispy duck rolls.  Each of these items is fantastic!  I also recommend the house made infused vodka on the rocks.  A reasonably priced and great tasting drink.  If you are looking for a trendy but unpretentious place off strip to have dinner, I highly recommend this restaurant!
Love Firefly! Good sangria and excellent tapas! We typically get the eggplant, steak & mushroom skewers, calamari, stuffed dates and the roasted red peppers along with a few others... The quality is consistently very good and the service is quite good as well. This is one of our favorite places to go and take along family & friends for the experience as well. Highly recommended!
One of my favorite hang-out spots in Vegas!  My friends and I been loungin' at Firefly since 2005 and I have nothing but praises to say.  Sangria and Mojitos are smooth plus their calamari and paella are delicious.  As I said, I have nothing but praises!!
Sangria was super refreshing. Choice of red, white, or sparkling. $6 a glass or $24 for a pitcher. Mojitos are good too. The flavored ones are $.50 more, but 1/2 off during happy hour! Bacon wrap dates with smoked almonds and blue cheese was my favorite dish! Free bread and olives for starters! Great service too. A great place to dine besides the strip!
Thanks to a local friend of mine, we went to the Firefly for dinner one night. I can't say enough wonderful things about this place! We got a pitcher of Mojitos, and they were WONDERFUL! 

It is an awesome place to lounge, very nice lighting and date-friendly environment. We enjoyed the Filet mignon sliders, Crispy duck rolls, and the steak and mushroom skewers! By far, the Filet mignon sliders were the best, absolutely amazing!
Delicious food, friendly service, scrumptious drinks...my party of 5 loved this tapas bar.   Visiting Las Vegas, I was on a quest to try some new places there...so we checked out Firefly of Paradise. 

Happy Hour was great! I tried a few drinks on the menu.  We ordered a ton of food. Each of us had very different tastes, but everyone was very pleased with all the choices. Some favorites...bacon wrapped dates - a must try, Terra y Mare, Chorizo clams, Plate of Serano ham and Manchego cheese.  Prices were great. 5 people, half the table drank alcohol - bill was just under $100 before tax - with dessert, and tons of food! 

DESSERTS: previous reviews listed complaints about the desserts, which is why we ordered the dessert platter. I wanted to see for myself. Everyone at the table tore that plate up!  There's something for everyone, nothing was left behind. The flan was especially delicious!
WOW, I really needed this meal.  After driving 9 hours or so from the bay area overnight and being stuck in the terrible traffic of las vegas blvd, I was starving.  The empanadas and tuna tartare were amazing!  

Everything else I had here was more normal and what you would expect at most tapas places, but I was just dying for the food and rest, so they get a higher rating.

Definitely a place to check out if you want tapas around the strip.
It was a warm evening in Vegas so we decided to take a walk down to the Bellagio and watch the fountain show. At first we thought maybe we'd eat in the Bellagio, but after looking around on Yelp we found this tapas bar with pretty good reviews. 

We hailed a cab and took the short ride to Firefly on Paradise. It was packed at 8:30pm, people outside waiting with drinks in hand, the bar jammed, all the tables filled with cheerful people. Looks like a happy place to eat and celebrate another great weekend with my girlfriend. 

So we check out the menu and literally decide to order 3/4's of the dishes offered. The waiter , who was a friendly soul tried to persuade us to only order half, we overruled him and said ("bring it on") we're hungry. 

I'm not sure if it was just to busy, but the food was just average, it almost tasted as if it had been prepared ahead of time. The breads weren't toasted, the lamb chops so so, serrano ham covered in peppers (big mistake), mussels and clams OK just not memorable. I can go on and on talking about the calamari, stuffed peppers, white anchovies (great) duck egg rolls, tuna tar tare, octopus and potatoes, but in the end Firefly on Paradise is just OK. Not terrible but far from a Lola Gaspar. After eating close to 15 dishes we thought it best to walk back to the hotel.
Its loud, dark and sexy. I like this place and with the right company it IS a blast. Not normally a tapas person  but i was very pleasantly surprised by it. The service is good although they forgot to bring everyone's coctails and we had to remind the waiter.

Good stuff: albondigas, the artichoke dish, the mushroom pastry thing, all the mojitos obviously. I liked the pomagranate mojito but prefer the mango. Overall I can totally see coming back here.

Plus they have a ton of vegetarian dishes for baby and if baby is happy im happy. If baby not happy, all hell breaks loose so nice job firefly on paradise. You kept the hell storm at bay.
This place has really good food period. It is all well priced, quickly made and extremely satisfying. The tar tar was absolutely delicious I recommend that Item first and foremost. The sangria is also super tasty. When coming with a large group just order and bunch of plates and have at it. Everything that we ordered was really good and all the plates were cleaned and glasses empty. Satisfaction at a good price and only a 10$ cab ride off the strip!!
This is hands down my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas!! It is usually pretty busy, especially on Fri and Sat nights but it is worth any wait time, without question.  The stuffed dates are excellent and the mac & cheese is heaven.  If you come to Las Vegas I HIGHLY Recommend you put The Firefly on your list of must visits!
Newbie to vegas scene with love for tapas.
Was yearning to find a great tapa joint, not too far away with a relaxing environment. This place was it!
Good sangria like everyone had mentioned.
Only tried the Red, but it was great. 
Ordered various dishes....
Can't name specific dish that I loved the most, but everything was pretty good. It was 5 of us and the tab came out to be around 30$ pp including 2 pitchers of sangria + tip. We were all stuffed from tapas...
good times. Comfy lounge chairs I prefer over table seating. Will go back with who ever is down for some tapas.
Tapas usually are Spanish specialties. Those are anything but Spanish. No taste or should I say all taste the same. Looks like they use the same sauce base for all. Yerk!.  No management either. Staff comes out of the kitchen with mouthful chewing on food and are constantly chatting. I went to the bathroom and this waiter was   leaning against the wall, behind my back, texting on his cell, while I was taking a leak. We left and no one said thank you or goodbye or anything whatsoever, not even the two little smarties at the host stand. I will NEVER go back and certainly not recommend it either. Avoid at all cost.
This is one of my favorite places to eat! Everything here is so delicious! The long wait and the loud noisy atmosphere is definitely worth it! The stuffed dates are absolutely amazing (and I can't stand bleu cheese!). The Serrano ham and cheeses, Thai beef salad, Ahi Tuna skewers and dessert sampler is a must! Friends, family, dates, this place is perfect for everyone!
I was lucky enough to be a part of a private wedding party at Firefly last week. Holly mother of all that is awesome this place is great! 

The atmosphere is Vegas lounge-esk and lets you sit back and relax while you're served tapas and drinks in a club like environment. 

We sampled almost every plate they offered throughout the evening and I was never let down. The stuffed dates will be the last meal I have before my dirt nap...seriously they were that good. 

The staff was super friendly and the bartenders were well trained. The blueberry vodka mojitos are incredible despite them being anything close to a traditional mojito. Nothing but love for this place and it's staff. You have to go here while you're in Vegas.
This place is pretty cool for tapas. They have A LOT of small dishes and I liked how they make their own sangria, and on the menu it says they marinate it for 3 days. it was pretty refreshing and delicious. I came with a large party so it was a little difficult to get full since everything is small plates. Some of my favorites were the tuna tartare, thai beef salad, skewers, and the big bowl of chicken salad. Also since we were still hungry we ordered the herb roasted chicken which came with fries and devoured it.
I love this place! When I first moved to Vegas, this is where I had a little "Welcome to Vegas" din. 

Every time I want to snack on something REALLY AMAZING, I think of Firefly.

My faves are: tuna peppers, shrimp ceviche, spinach salad, baked brie, paella, pulpo asado, artichoke toasts, and tuna tartare.

*siiigh* I'm hungry just thinking about it!

Oh, and you gotta order the sangria -- Pretty strong with lots of fruits -- MUST samps.
We ate here on one of the nights we were in Vegas and I am absolutely a fan of this place. The service was excellent, the food was delicious, and the wait staff was eye candy! I started with the bread, butter and olives they bring to the table for free. The butter wasn't regular butter it was kind of sweet. I think it had some kind of fruit in it and the bread was toasted in garlic. MMmm!

We ordered a pitcher of Mango Mojito for the table. It was so refreshing. To eat I had the Roasted baby beet salad with mixed greens, goat cheese, toasted pecans, sherry vinaigrette. The falvors of everything came together quite nicely. Then I had the Patatas bravas 
which were roasted red potatoes in spicy aioli. So tasty and just the right amount of spiciness. After that I had the Merguez which is spicy lamb sausage and tomato-pepper confit. I was getting so full from the other dishes that I couldn't finish it even though it was so good. I also had to save room for dessert. Which is what I'm going to tell you about now. Banana-Nutella Sandwiches with Nutella Cream dipping sauce. Need I say more? Ok fine I will. Two slices of bread toasted with banana in between and then cut into four slices, then covered in Nutella and even more Nutella cream sauce served in a little dish to dip the already chocolate covered sandwich in. YUM!!!!

Next time I come to Vegas, I am definitely eating here so I can try some more of their dishes.
I thought the food was pretty good. I have done alot of really good Tapas and this was just pretty good. These guys pack it in like sardines and a young good looking crowd it is. Too busy for me on the weekends I would go back but there are many other fish in the sea so it won't be soon.
I LOVE this tapas place.. I wish they would open one in San Diego!  
We ALWAYS come here at least once during our Vegas trips.  

Here's the menu: (everything is great)
http://www.usmenuguide.com/fireflymenu.html

you MUST try the Stuffed dates[bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese] it's delicious!

The Paella [saffron rice, clams, shrimp, calamari, chicken, Spanish chorizo sausage] is SERIOUS! they don't skimp out on any of the ingredients.  

I also like the sparkling sangria (the pitcher is a great deal).

the restaurant gets busy quick, they can definitely accommodate large parties but remember to call and reserve early.
YUMMM!  My friends and I ordered so many tapa dishes and each and every one was awesome.  Each dish was so flavorful and perfect.  You must also try their sparkling sangria...very good.  Not much more to say, but you must try!! 

It's off the strip, but a cab ride from the Palazzo was about $10.
We got to this place 20 minutes before it opened. The waiter let us in anyway. The interior design looks so much cheaper than the other firefly, but the food is quite beyond my expectations. Firefly fries (bluecheese on fries, very creative) is a must have. If you have any questions, just consult with the waiters there, their suggestions are more than helpful. 

Another thought: this place should be an alternative option for a Vegas night. Their drink selection is quite special.
Loved everything here.  Excellent service all around, atmosphere was decent, lots of people talking, enjoying themselves.

The food was the best part, my favorite being the stuffed dates.  I could eat  a dozen or two of these.  It's a must order, and probably a reorder.

Also, not to be missed is the chocolate 3 leches cake, I hated to share this.  My lovely friends were lucky to not have been stabbed by my fork.

Next time in Vegas, this place is on the itinerary.
I heart this place! On our last trip to Vegas we needed a place that would be delicious, parent friendly, and not in a casino. I found Firefly on Yelp! and made a reservation on line (so convenient for those of us that dislike telephones). When we showed up around 10p on a Saturday night it looked like a night club with how many pretty people were lined up outside. I was a little nervous that perhaps me and my crew were a little too ahem...mature to have a nice time. I was so wrong. 

I went to the hostess station where I was greeted with a big smile. I told them that we had a reservation and they said - oh, you must be betsy. why...yes, i am. I was really impressed that they were ready for us on a busy Saturday night. That all pales in comparison to how impressed I was with the food though. 

We read over the menu while enjoying a pitcher of very tasty sangria. We ended up choosing some garlic shrimp, muscles, the mushroom tartletts, some thing with a sardine on it, and several other things. Everything was delicious and was presented beautifully. There were some things that I wasn't crazy about - but all of those things contain foods (like sardines) that in general I wouldn't eat unless a little tipsy. 

The waiter and other staff were very attentive and despite the club like atmosphere we felt right at home here. I would recommend this place to anyone and look forward to returning on my next visit to Vegas.
WOW the best tapas i've ever had! i first found this on yelp, and then we asked our hotel for a good happy hour place and he said FireFly! so i felt that we had to try this place. three of us ordered:
+ Boquerones [Spanish white anchovies on toasts w/roast red pepper, yellow pepper vin]
+ Sausage Plate [Four imported Spanish sausages, cornichons, capers, mustard]
+ Tuna tartare [layers of mango, marinated ahi tuna, avocado, taro chips]
+ Steak and mushroom skewers [grilled filet, roast garlic cream, red wine reduction]
+ Crispy duck rolls [cherry hoisin sauce]
+ Pulpo asado [marinated and grilled octopus, potato, tomato] 

plus they gave us bread & olives to start with, and we ordered sangria, and other drinks. the best dish was the pulpo asado, and the one that was not outstanding was the tuna tartare. i would definitely come back here again! i love this place.
Had a great little dinner here with friends.  Worth more visits.  Keywords:  Fun, Eclectic, Off-strip, Tapas. 

We had (and I recommend all of these) Eggplant cannelloni w goat cheese. Pulpas (grilled octopus) to die for. Lamb sausage.  Tomato soup with brue grilled cheese.

The dessert platter is a must:  lemon tart with flavor that exploded in my mouth; Tres leches was a choc cake soaked in cream; A little flan,  very nice;  and Little tartlets with pastry cream and fruit.

Great prices and decent wine by the glass.
Found this place after talking to a girl in killer heels on a bench at the Venetian. She said that they closed late and the food was good so we decided to try it out. 

I am seriously glad we did because this was one of the best tapas bar I have ever been in. The atmosphere was cool and very red, and the food was delicious!! Everything we tried was awesome, and pretty economical. The portions were good, service was great. Overall it was a great experience. Will definitely be coming back here!!!
I heart tapas and Firefly does it perfectly. Low key but trendy atmosphere, good quality food and interesting dishes, and of course sangria!! All at the cheapest prices I've seen in a while. I think it's the perfect place for a night out with friends, wohout the touristy bustle of the strip.

Here's what I ordered, and I honestly recommend all of it, but like others have said, especially the stuffed dates.  It's a combination on sweet and savory unlike any other!

-stuffed date ($4) their must-try
-roasted eggplant canneloni ($5) basic, but good
-filet mignon sliders ($7.5) - well marinated beef and yummy onion strings!
-tres leche cake ($5)...so moist..drool.
By far one of my favorite restaurants in town.  If I have not eaten at firefly in a few weeks I start to get cravings! If you want to try something different then the red sangria, which everyone gets, but I prefer the sparkling sangria made with apples and blueberries! Yum! Their mojitos are to die for! If you're a mojito fan, you HAVE to get the mango mojito! In fact you might as well order the pitcher while you're at it bc its that good! Wow! 
What to order:
-Shrimp ceviche OMG- I cant come here and not order this! 
-Stuffed dates-Sounds weird, but a serious party in the mouth! Same as above I will not come to Firefly and not order this! Might as well order 2 while you're at it
-Baked tetilla- Bomb cheese like fondue 
-Tierra y mar skewers- make sure you order it cooked medium
-Empanadas- good and cheap
-Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms- yummy cheesy chicken with a perfect chorizo flavor, not too oily
-Stuffed peppers-sounds cliche but very good.  The peppers are served soft with a delicious mozzarela mixture inside
-Filet- cooked medium with the white wine reduction, perfect and yummy! 
-The beet salad is surprisingly very tasty! (My mom loves beets and wanted to order this which i was a little if-fy about but turned out excellent!)
-The albondigas are ok. There are much tastier things, but if you like meatballs
-The sliders are good, but have a strong flavor
-Firefly fries- Big group=good thing to order. Massive plate of garlic-y fries
-Veggie empanadas-if you love mushrooms
-Did i mention the stuffed dates? 
-Ham and cheese croquetas-I thought they were just ok, but my friend loved them, comparable to a mozzarella stick, sort of
-Calamari-always a classic
-Camarones a la diabla-if you like asian flavors
-Desserts are all bomb
-Caramel flan- excellent!
-Chocolate tres leches! Chocolate twist on the classic! 

So yes if you're wondering I eat here all the time! Especially since I get off at midnight, me and my coworkers LOVE to come here for drinks and apps after work and chill! Awesome!
My wife and I enjoyed the atmosphere and the food.  Were were a bit surprised we had to wait over an hour for a table but sat at the bar and drank sangria until the table was ready. This place gets a good crowd.  I would give it a 5 star, but it was a bit on the rich and saucy side.  They must use a ton of butter and cream here. Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed the food.  We were stuffed and only spent about $30 on the food for the two of us.  Drinks added up a bit at $6 a pop for a sangria.  But it was still affordable overall. I would definitely go here again.
My next trip to Vegas I am definately coming back here! The food was delicious, the Sangria was the BEST, and it was cheap! 

I don't entirely remembered what we ordered after the Sangria's, but the filet mignon sliders were awesome, tuna tartare was tasty, tomato basil soup was good, and much more but I don't really remember. 

Overall experience: *****
Whenever I'm in Vegas, this restaurant will definitely be on my itinerary. Don't miss the empanadas. None better anywhere I've been! Their paella was fresh, authentically seasoned and reasonably priced. If the ladies' room had been in better condition, I'd have rated this restaurant a 5.
I lived in Vegas for 2 years and this was BY FAR my favorite restaurant hands down.  It's not too far off the strip but the vibe, music, people, waitresses, etc all mesh well.  Thursday night until Sunday, this place is always poppin' and packed.  But every time I've gone here, even on Monday's, this place seemed to be packed all the time.  Must have dishes are the Ham & Cheese croquetas, Stuffed Dates, Mac 'n cheese and a pitcher of Sangria.  Start off with Red and then try white or maybe the Mojito.  You'll easily spend 2 hours here with a solid group of friends or even a date.  Each plate looks just as delicious as the girls from Spearmint but you won't have to drop $200 to be satisfied.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!

Every time my friends and I go to Vegas we always make it a point to go here. They have the best Sangria's i've ever tasted and their tapas foods are really good. I especially liked the filet mignon sliders, camarones, garlic fries and paella. 

The atmosphere in this restaurant is very chill, they have dim lights for those special first dates and comfortable couches where you can chit chat with your friends all night. 

One time I took my aunt's here for my stepmom's birthday and all of them got druunnk from the Sangria. You know it's a great place when your nearing-50-year-old-aunts are having the time of their lives! I'm not sure if they do reservations but in any case, come early! it's a very popular spot for the locals.
I decided to celebrate my 23rd (yay mee!) in Sin City again-- but this time we decided to be smart and look up places apres-arrival! Thank god we did because we absolutely loved Firefly on Paradise!

The atmosphere was great, mango mojito was yummy and strong enough and food was delicious! Our favorites were the shrimp ceviche, thai beef salad and the fillet+shrimp+sausage (forgot the name!). The ahi skewers were a bit over cooked and the duck rolls were dry but over all the food was wonderful!

Probably wouldn't be back anytime soon just because there are so many places in Vegas to try! But definitely recommending it for anyone looking for a place that is moderately priced, close to the strip and yummmmy!
Excellent tapas!  I am picky and I think I've tried more than half the menu and every dish has been outstanding.  The Sangria is also very tasty... I ended up drinking almost an entire pitcher last time I went!

The line is usually out the door and parking is limited.  The restaurant is next to the popular Ruth's Chris Steak House and a few other restaurants.  Makes parking a hassle as the lot in front of the businesses gets filled quickly.  There is parking behind Ruth's Chris and a walkway from the back parking lot to the front but it is a bit hidden.  

Firefly is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.
I'd have given this higher stars had I never eaten tapas before, which I have, in San Francisco and it's a lot better there. BUT. The prices are ridiculously low, except for the wine markup, which was 3x on the bottle we got, which I always consider just so inappropriate that it knocks a half point off my restaurant reviews.

The food itself was pretty good, especially the eggplant canneloni that had the perfectly roasted eggplant skin. The manchego mac-and-cheese could have used a tad more salt and the mac could have been just a little bit chewier, though on the whole it was a good example of the whole let's-play-around-with-comfort-food genre. The aioli wasn't really up to snuff, which made the patatas bravas a little sub-standard. 

The real winner on the menu was dessert, which I usually don't expect to be very good. But the tres leches was really moist and flavorful and the chocolate in the gelato was just the right level of dark with something floral in it.
This is hands down my favorite place in Vegas! I have been going here for about 4 years now. The service is very good and quick. The tapas are absolutely amazing. You can share them or just keep them all to yourself. The sangria is the best ive had and the infused vodka is made at the restaurant over a 2 week fruit marinating process. The atmosphere is very loungy and the staff knows not to rush you. They encourage you to sit around and relax. They play a graet eclectic mix of music. Being a DJ, I am very picky. If you like the paintings on the wall, they are for sale. The deserts are awesome. I highly recommend the tres leches. I have brought hundreds of people to this place including my mom who is never satisfied anywhere and she wont stop asking me about this place. Everyone loves the place and so will you.
excellent food, excellent wine selection! staff not very knoweldgeable at times but theyre very nice to make up for it!
TAPAS! I used to go to Vegas every year for New Year's, and we would inevitably end up here. Why? Because it's gooooooooood!!

I'll be honest, it's been a few years and my memory is hazy on all the details and what is good and not good, but I do recall with perfect clarity how much I loved the croquettes here.  Every where I eat now and see croquettes on the menu, I order them in hopes that they will match the sublime satisfaction I always encounter with Firefly's, but alas, I have yet to find ones that match.  

The staff is also always accommodating  to our ridiculous needs to have a large 20+ party (ha, I guess they know we'll spend lots of monies on the booze). Firefly's is great for food and for large groups to convene.  You can never go wrong with a group of friends and several pitchers of delicious sangria... or can you??
I have a special love for this place.  It's extremely tasty, and a really good medium between casual and formal dining.  Want to go out someplace after a show, but you can control the price?   Good place to go.  Want someplace to meet a friend for lunch.  Good, too.

Only downer is the lack of gluten free and vegetarian options.  Being a tapas restaurant, you need as many options as you can get with your petit portions.  As for Vegas's normal vibe, this is a different change of pace.

The tomato soup is really yummy.  Make sure you make reservations.
For four people, we ordered 13 plates, which arrived briskly with a smile.  Service was prompt, and the food rather flavourful.  Price point was excellent, especially considering the two pitchers of Sangria and two additional beers we had ordered.

While there were left overs (especially the paella), we did enjoy the food soundly.
New Year's Day and came here for a very late lunch. With the hubby and bro in tow, we ordered several plates to share and waited until 3pm to order the lemon-lime mojito which at HH prices, was half off for a pitcher. Our server was very friendly and accomodating. He recommended several plates which he explained in detail. Such a nice guy and really very attentive. 

We ordered the stuff dates (2 plates), boquerones, tuna tartare, stuffed peppers, terra y mare skewers, and 2 pitchers of lemon-lime mojito. 

My faves are:
-stuffed dates- who doesnt love lots of cheese and crispy bacon? It was so good I had to have 2 orders
-stuffed peppers- garlic cream cheese and mozzarella stuffed inside a red pepper with tomato sauce
-boquerones- spanish white anchovies on toast with roast red and yellow peppers. I nver had anchovies before, but this was suprisingly good. It had a nice balance of acidic flavors.

just ok:
-the terra y mare skwers- it just tasted like ordinary skewered beef (tough) and shrimp (tasty). 

The mojito pitcher is usually $28 but at HH prices, it was only $14!!

It was sooo good and very refreshing with the loads of yummy mint that we ordered another. 

MMMMMmmm...this was a great first meal for 2010. And you bet, I will be coming back for more.
When it comes to tapas in Las Vegas, no one comes close to FireFly on Paradise. From the Sangria to the stuffed dates to the lines that stretch out into the parking lot, you will known when you have arrived at Las Vegas's best kept secret. 

Personal favorites are: 
-Pitchers of Red Sangria (If you order one for yourself, make sure you have a taxi standing by :)
-Stuffed dates
-Shrimp Diablas
-Empanadas 
-Pretty much the rest of the menu

The only thing I have to warn everyone about is that this place can become very busy at night and especially on the weekends. Plan ahead with reservations or try and grab a seat at the bar. If you do end up having to wait, grab a drink and enjoy the energy that flows through the restaurant as the night goes on.
This restaurant is completely amazing! The selection and portion of food is perfect, sometimes you go to tapa's places you get A shrimp with your order or if you are vegetarian there aren't any options. At Firefly they have it all- Seafood, Beef, Chicken, Pork, Veggie. . .Some of my favorites are Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms, Warm Spinach Salad, Stuffed Dates (TO DIE FOR), Diablo Shrimp-Truly have never had anything bad there. 

Also, the Sangria and Mojito's are phenomenal, but I will have to say, they made a damn good Dirty Martini!  Great place for a date, girls night out or starting point for a night out on the Las Vegas Strip. . . . Get there early though it get's busy!
Tried this place out since high ratings on Yelp and it was on Food Network as one of the top places for great food at great prices.  

As most have mentioned the stuffed Dates were amazing (I was a little hesitant to try - but certainly was worth it).  We also had the Artichoke Toast, Ham & Cheese Croquetas, Camarones Ajillo & Terra y Mare Skewers.  Our favorite was the Terra y Mare Skewers.  I am not a shrimp fan but the Camarones Ajillo was our 2nd favorite with a great sauce.

Service was great and very helpful to assist us on first time visiting.  We did make reservation ahead of time just in case and it was a great experience overall to dine at this place.

If you are in the area this is a great place to eat and you have to try a little bit of everything.  Overal for the 5 plates, 2 drinks & 2 desserts our meal was $50.  I believe this is a great price for the quality of the food with the great service.
This place make one of the best sangrias. 
We happened to sit in the lounge area 10 minutes before 6pm and our waiter told us about their HAPPY HOUR which means many of the drinks are a half price until 6pm. Therefore, we ordered a bottle of red wine to take an advantage. Among what we had, we liked CEVICHE OF SHRIMP ($8.50) and STUFFED DATES ($4).
Stuffed dates and artichoke toasts. It doesn't get any better. 

Tried a number of other dishes, haven't had luck with any seafood dish. Poorly cooked everytime. Others are decent. Chicken can be bland and queso was pretty greasy.
The food was pretty good, but it wasn't *that* great of a deal... and the place is really, really LOUD and full of annoying local Vegas singles on the prowl.  I guess this is where you go if you're even marginally "artsy" or "cosmopolitan" (by Vegas standards, that is) and want to pick up on other similar types.  Whatever!  I just wanted some bad ass tapas in a chill atmo, and this was NOT it.  I much preferred Cafe Deia out  in the 'burbs.
This is my favorite place to grab dinner in my hometown. Nothing can touch it. I have had everything on the menu and never had any serious complaints. The atmosphere is awesome. Firefly has a Latin lounge feel and is full of vibrant people 

Just to confirm the other Yelpers cries, YOU MUST EAT the bacon-wrapped dates. They are delicious. 

Prices are reasonable and I always make sure to grab at least one pitcher of their amazing red sangria. It blows any others away. I am always in search of better sangria and I found Firefly's only competition in Barcelona -- It's that good.

This is a perfect venue for a first date. 
Bad time: Call it at after a couple plates 
Great time: Keep the pitchers coming, make sure to finish it off with Tres Leche Cake. Perfect end to a perfect night.
Off the strip little lounge atmosphere is a big relief from chain and corporate hell in Las Vegas.   It has a local feel that was a treasure in sin city.  
Have cocktails, have snacks, come on a night where they have a DJ, and feel a little more human off the strip.
This is one of the best (somewhat) hidden gems in Las Vegas.  Word seems to be getting out about this place as they have recently expanded.  You will still find mostly locals in this off-strip establishment.  They have excellent red and white sangria and tapas.  But the best part about this place is the atmosphere.  It does not feel like Vegas.  This restaurant could easily be in an urban setting such as SF or NYC, or even beach side in Southern California.  It definitely has that appeal.  I would highly suggest this place for just a relaxing place to hang out, grab a drink, and some tapas.  Reservations are highly suggested.
Firefly is the one Vegas restaurant we always make sure to take family and friends that visit.  The food is absolutely incredible, the drinks are great, atmosphere is nice, it's pretty cheap (especially for the quality you get), and it's open late.

My go-to favorites are the tortilla a la espaola, stuffed peppers, manchego mac 'n' cheese, and petite filet.  The tortilla a la espaola has just the right amount of spiciness, the stuffed peppers are bursting with flavor, and the mac 'n' cheese is the best I've ever had (and I try the mac 'n' cheese everywhere I go).

For drinks, the blood orange mojito and white sangria are absolute must-haves.

The service has always been great.  

It tends to be pretty empty during the day, but can get quite crowded in the evenings.

And they're great about accommodating large groups.
Excellent Tapas Menu. Pretty chill atmosphere. Everything was moderately priced. Thoroughly satisfied. 
Ordered the smoked salmon on toast. Which made me realize my diet is akin to that of a grizzly bear. Anytime I see smoked salmon I order and devour.   Whatever!  Salmon is the shit and is packed with omega 3s. 

Blood Red Mojito hit the spot. Not sure if they used blood red oranges or not, I am inclined to say they did...
Loved the stuffed dates! The atmosphere was a refreshing change from all the hotel restaurants.
Not to be confused with the Firefly Lounge in Studio City, CA.  Firefly in Las Vegas is a nice place. Went to the city of sin for a business dinner and came back a few hours later. Firefly was a good choice. The tapas our group had were the tilapia, the spanish tortilla, the pork empanadas, the tuna tartar, and I believe the chicken skewers. Didn't have any drinks that night, so I can't rate the sangria or the mojitos. The food, however, was pretty good. 

Nice decor. Good staff. Would recommend !
@FireflyLV on Paradise has long been known as an OFF the STRIP hotspot with hundreds of reviews,photos and news articles about it. 

Recently they opened a 2nd location at the Plaza in downtown Las Vegas and it has received an ever BETTER reception if that is possible. The view downtown seems to be all the rave:) 

My visit was around 7pm on a Thursday night since I've seen the crowds here on the weekend I wanted to avoid a long wait and I was delighted to be seated immediately. The place was packed and everyone seemed to be having a great time eating & drinking. 

We ordered filet mignon sliders, fries, some lamb chops and the waitress recommended the bacon wrapped dates!!! No drinks this time 

The menu has a nice selection of tapas all priced very reasonably and the food is presented like those other higher priced chic places;) 

The food was incredible, the dates are fantastic, wrapped in bacon with crumbled bleu cheese in a red wine reduction. Soooooo Good I had 2 orders:) 

The lamb chops were great, cooked perfectly medium-rare in a nice wine reduction sauce with julienned veggies and capers. Really I could have ate 10-12 of the lamb chops and been good. 


The sliders I didn't like the cheese sauce I could have done without-maybe some dijon mustard instead-the filet mignon burger didnt seem any different than any other sliders Ive had. I like the crispy onion straws but I'll skip the sliders next time. 

The fries were good-nothing spectacular just fries with grated cheese. I'd like to see some truffle fries or something;) 

The dessert was outlandish-Chocolate and cherry bread pudding[warm w/port wine reduction, vanilla ice cream] -I could have ate another one. 

It was a TOUGH choice between the bread pudding and the Banana-Nutella sandwiches[w/Nutella cream dipping sauce] which the table next to us was enjoying:) 

My overall experience was fantastic the service was fast,friendly and quite helpful. The food was good. The atmosphere was fun & comfortable. When I left iasked the hostess if I could present the manager with something 

She looked at me a little strange but came back with the manager who was quite pleasant and accepted the TOP RATED RESTAURANT(#3) on Urbanspoon I gave him-telling me it would be given to the right person. 

UPDATE: To my pleasant surprise it has been placed in the menu marquee right outside the front door:)
happy hour til 6pm! woohooo! all drinks half off!

we had the white, red AND sparkling pitchers of sangria. YUMMM-O! my favorite was the white and sparkling.  they dont put overly excessive amount of fruits in the sangrias like some places do which makes drinking them much better than eating our drinks.

good foods:

- paella
- tuna tartare
- stuffed mushrooms
- meat empanadas

free - bruschetta with olives and some sort of cheese spread.

i LOVE the ambiance and the casual seating in the lounge. its a dark, romantic and cozy place. price is not too bad but expect to pay between $4-10 per tapa dish....could be more for the obvious pricey dishes.  location is a bit hard to find since they dont have huge flashing signs.

*featured on food networks "$40 a day"*
this tapas spot came highly recommended by a co-worker.  i try to support smaller establishments, so we opted to come here instead of the bigger restaurants on the strip.  big mistake.  we had the tuna tartare, thai beef salad, potatas bravas, lamb skewer, and petit filet -- all were a huge let down.  the tuna tartare looked like cat food.  i've never eaten cat food before, but i'm sure this is what cat food tastes like too.  the whole thing was one ill-seasoned heavy, lumpy mess.  i'm on a low sodium diet, and even the tiniest bit of salt is like a little bit of heaven in my mouth.  i tasted no salt at all.  the thai beef salad was okay.  i enjoyed the acidity and flavor that the tuna tartare was so lacking, but it was so oily.  the potatas bravas weren't crispy at all.  the lamb skewer was a tiny little thing, sitting on a bed of mung beans.  i must say that the mung beans were very tasty, although i'm sure they weren't meant to be more enjoyable than the skewer itself.  my husband had the petit fillet, so i can't say anything about that, other than the fact that he said it was "fine."  i had the sparkling sangria.  very good, but not enough to get me to come back here...ever.

the inside of the restaurant was festive.  the waiter did his job.  there was a spanish tv station, interviewing patrons as they ate.  i found this very irritating.
This place is pretty awesome!  It was my first Tapas experience as well as having Sangria throughout my dinner.  We stayed there for a good 2.5 hours!

What we ordered:
-Pomegranate Mojito: strong....but good!
-PitcherSangria ;) - super yummy and good buzz!
-Firefly flies - yummers..keeps the buzz at bay. haha
-Steak and mushroom skewers - delish! not too well done..just right!
-Stuffed Dates - kind of different...sweet and salty!
-Banana Nutella sandwiches - YUMMY!  I love nutella and I love bananas...great combination!
-Tuna tartare...I've had way better.  Good, but could taste more fresh

I think this is a great interactive restaurant where you can share tapas with everyone at your table.  Kind of like Chinese dim sum, but the plates are much larger with a much bigger serving.  And Tapas is spanish. LOL

I thought it would be quite expensive, but the price was just right and well worth it.  Great atmosphere, great strong drinks, and fantastic food to tantalize your palate!

Go now, with great people, and have a great time!
Every time I am in Vegas, we wind up here....which is such a good thing.  It is more of a townie place, not trashy though, it just gets you away from he annoyance of the strip.  
The mjoitos are scrumdiddly.  And it is hard to say what is the best dish to have here, there are so many.  Something as simple as the Parmesan fries with aioli are amazing.  Any of the skewers are awesome!  Stuffed dates, yeah!
The room is usually filled with hotties too!
Fun place is all I have to say. This the perfect spot to meet up with friends close to the strip. 

I love the little dishes--fairly priced, and nothing tastes out of whack. 
The sangria quality has gone down a bit (actually a bit watered down) , but what the heck when you're among good friends in a lively atmosphere you can let it pass. 

Favorite dish: the bacon wrapped dates with feta cheese! 
Favorite drink: bloody orange sangria 

Great group spot! 


Latest update: Firefly's must do something about its cleanliness. I came here couple of days ago to introduce new friends to the establishment. It's old and smells putrid. Don't get me started on the ladies room and lounge chairs. I'm sure the restaurant has been getting by from its sheer popularity, but PLEASE clean up and sterilize. I think it's starting to turn off my appetite.
awesome little tapas joint off strip. i'll let the food speak for itself on this one. 

red sangria- even the boys liked it and you know how picky they can get when it comes to "fruity" drinks.  

*tuna tartare - mango, doused in sauce...the tuna itself wasn't that fresh....but when there's that much sauce all you get its the chewy texture
*eggplant cannelloni w/ goat cheese - there's a lot of cheese in this one w/ the egg plant, so if you're not a fan of goat cheese...pass
*stuffed peppers- eaten w/ a crisp for a bit of a crunch. wasn't too memorable though
*machengo mac and cheese- favorite of the night. loved how they used shells instead of the typical noodles...and the cheese had an awesome consistency. *heart*
*chrispy duck roll- sauce was so overpowering i wouldn't have known there was duck in it
*tomato basil soup with brue grilled cheese- the soup had a strange aftertaste...i couldn't get past one spoon full. the brie grilled cheese was good though. 
*paella- its awesome here. try it!

dessert: 
*flan- more eggy than usual, but i love egg tarts so it was fine by me
*bread pudding- delicious esp with the melting ice cream 
*mini passion fruit cheesecakes- it was a little on the dense, but not overly sweet.
I went here with my bestfriend  who's local to Vegas about a year ago and she raved about this Spanish Tapas place.  I was like what's Tapas?!  Little did I know it is a gem of a place that plenty of people know about.  Keep in mind it is a bit off the strip. 

I recently went there to take my boyfriend for Vday so he can understand why I rave about it so much.  The consensus is right he absolutely loved the portions (hence "Tapas") and the infusions of flavor from every dish we tried.  I like the aioli sauce it's a kicker!  

Of course you can't try everything in one sitting, but I have continued to get the filet mignon sliders and the red sangria pitcher.  It's a good balance of fruit and alcohol and it's marinated 3 days prior.  Bravo!!!

My advice if it's around dinner time definitely make reservations via phone or opentable.com otherwise you'll be waiting for quite a loooooooonnnnnggggg time.
I found this place through yelp and I have to agree with all the recent yelpers. Overall good food...I sampled:

My two favorites dishes were:
Camarones a la diabla (shrimp in a spicy savory sauce)
Pulpo asado (grilled octopus)

Were just ok:
Crispy duck rolls (pretty good- sauce was a little sweet)
Manchego mac n' cheese (needed just a little more salt)

The food came out a little slow. We were there for almost 2 hours and we only had 4 tapas sized dishes.  Normally that's fine with us but we had a show to catch. Actually, our waiter forgot to put one of our dishes in- but as a bonus, he got it for us asap and it was on the house.  So he won us back with that!   

I just went there this past friday- I was worried about not getting a table so I arrived at 6PM and there was some room, but by the time we left, it was packed. 

I am definitely going back again though.  Vegas needs more of these types of restaurants!
My best friend took me here on my bday and I had SO MUCH FUN.  Of course we walked in with like a shit load of hot girls, dressed to impress...So wherever we go it'll be a fun time lol.  5 pitchers of mojitos later.....EVEN FUNNER TIME!  The food is so delicious and perfectly sized portions.  LOVE this place.  It's my mandatory stop every time I'm in town...
We got in pretty late from Orange County on a Friday and decided to skip the obligatory In-N-Out stop in Barstow to try a late night joint in Vegas. I spent most of the car ride yelping on my phone (and no, I wasn't driving) and decided to give Firefly a try. It had good yelp reviews plus I remeber seeing Rachel Ray go there so figured it would be a good option.
I was a little hesitant to try a tapas place since I was afraid the small portions would be too much of a tease and my husband is pretty opposed to anything "hip" such as the tapas trend but all I needed to know is it had three of favorite things in the world- gazpacho, Nutella and mojitos and I was sold.
We got to Firefly shortly after midnight and I was pretty surprised to find it almost completely full. Since we were expecting pretty small portions, we ordered wayyy to much for 2 people. We ordered:
---Gazpacho- very good flavor, but i prefer it a little thicker. Perhaps I'm used to Gazpacho at Spago.
---Firefly fries- very good, good flavor/seasoning. Wayyy bigger portion than expected, plenty for 4+ people to share. The two of us couldn't finish it.
---Filet mignon sliders. Soooo good! My husband's favorite dish of the night. 2 pretty big sliders, each close to the size of a regular McDonalds burger. Will definitely be ordering this again.
---Empenadas- Weakest dish of the night. Not bad but didn't compare to the other things we ordered. Kinda weird flavor, maybe cause I don't normally order pork.
-Baked tetilla- sooo good! I'd say its comparable to a similar dish I've had at Mesa grill. Gooey flavorful cheese, how can you go wrong with that?
---Nutella/ banana sandwiches-all i can is yummmmm. No joke one of the best things I've ever had but as I've stated before, I love Nutella. The dipping sauce plus the sandwich somehow just works wonders to my taste buds. I tried to describe it in a coherent way but words fail me. All I could think was that it had 3 different dimensions of goodness. Definitely a winner to end a great meal

I also had a passionfruit mojito which was pretty good and strong and the red sangria which was pretty good as well. My husband ordered 3 beers and they accidentally brought him an extra they didn't charge for. All together our bill was around $80 which considering the amount of food or drink we had, I would say it wasn't too bad. A similar meal on the strip would probably be twice the price. 
The service was pretty good and quick. Dim lighting and surprisingly good acoustics. Fun, hip atmosphere. I will definetly be back again. Next time I will try the bacon wrapped dates for sure and I will be ordering the nutella sandwiches everytime I come here without a doubt!
I really don't venture out East of the Nile (LV Strip) because it REALLY feels like I have to navigate myself through the river of cars to get to Firefly. But it is worth it. I've seen comments of this place being better than Cha Cha Cha of San Francisco but to me it is not as great. There is definitely a wider selection of tapas here than triple "C" but the flavors are not as on point.  I like the creativity of the ingredients here but all dishes all lack  the right amount of seasoning. Salt, pepper, chili, acid !! Stick to those basics people. 

Definitely great for large crowds, order large pitchers of Sangria and Mojitos and have a blast! Don't be too dependent on the food because they tend to come out in waves.  If you miss the wave, you will be suffering....
At this place the food is tasty. You can tell they really pay attention to detail. They prepare their  food with love. This place is always busy no matter what nite, I recommend you make reservations. All the sangria's are good and they will give you a good buzz. You gotta try the stuffed dates, garlic shrimp, and my fav the steak and mushroom skewers.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas and I love introducing friends to it.  The tapas style menu makes it great for small to medium sized groups.  You also get a lot of variety for a very reasonable price.  I've tried almost everything on the menu and this is my list of favorite dishes and the ones I'd pass on.

Favorites:
Artichoke toasts- My boyfriend who doesn't even like artichokes, likes this one.
Stuffed Dates- Great flavors and textures.  The sweetness from the dates and saltiness from the bacon and blue cheese are such a wonderful combination.  The red wine reduction really brings it all together and the almond adds a nice crunch.
Albondigas- Just well done meatballs in marinara.
Ham and cheese croquetas- Fried meat and cheese, it's a little hard to go wrong there.
Merguez- A flavorful lamb sausage served with red pepper and tomato confit.  The sweetness from the confit compliments the slightly spicy sausage nicely.
Firefly* fish sticks- Fried tilapia fillets with a great texture and usually perfectly cooked.  (Once when they were busy, the fish sticks came out over cooked.)
Fried calamari- Well done calamari served with a garlic aioli.  The aioli can be a bit pungent, but not enough to deter me from this dish.
Camarones a la diabla- Shrimp in a sweet and slightly spicy Asian influenced sauce.
Passion fruit mini-cheesecakes- The passion fruit flavor just explodes in your mouth; perfectly tart and sweet.

Pass on:
Tuna peppers- Tuna salad stuffed in marinated sweet peppers.  The tuna salad was nothing special, and the peppers were a tad too sweet for this application.
Stuffed peppers- Little peppers stuffed with cheese and topped off with a tomato sauce.  This dish was boring compared to the others.  It reminded me of not good Italian food.
Crispy duck rolls- Let me start off by saying duck is one of my all time favorite foods.  With that said, these were a complete disappointment.  The filling in the rolls was so overpowering you could not taste the duck.  It really tasted like a bad egg roll.  On another occasion my friend, who also loves duck, ordered these and agreed they were not very good.
Paella- This was edible, but certainly nothing to rave about.  It was missing that nice crust on the bottom of the pan, and the texture of the rice was a little too sticky for paella.

If you are near the strip and want Tapas, I would suggest Firefly* over Cafe Ba Ba Reeba.  The food and prices are better.  If you are looking for a pitcher of tasty sangria, choose Ba Ba Reeba over Firefly*.  Ba Ba Reeba adds hard liquor to their sangria for a nice kick to compliment the sweet fruity beverage.
When I got married two years ago my husband and I opted to have a "reception" the day after our wedding at a restaurant that would leave our wedding guests happy. Let's face it, wedding reception food almost always SUCKS. Why torture your friends and family when they've spent their hard earned money to travel from places near and far with rubbery chicken or bland side dishes served out of tin foil, probably made 47 hours before your event?

That's where Firefly stepped in. They closed the restaurant on a Saturday afternoon to accommodate for our large crowd of 125 hungover guests. They gave us a gigantic selection of food to offer to everyone, and made sure that pitchers of mojitos and sangria were placed on each of the tables. Ultimately, we ended up giving everyone a choice between Steak Frites, Herb Roasted Chicken, or Vegetarian Paella. When everyone arrived, we were pleased to see more than enough servers to take care of us. We were given the standard bread and sweet butter with olives, and the entrees were on the tables within 30 minutes or so. The kicker is that we spent less than $30 per person on all of it. 

Since then, I return to Firefly every single time I go to Vegas. I've happily tried every small plate on the menu, and I always enjoy the sangria because it's not syrupy and not overwhelmingly sweet. My favorite tapas are:
Firefly Fries
Pork Empanada
Petite Filet
Ham & Cheese Croquetas
Manchego Mac n Cheese
Patatas Bravas
Stuffed Dates

I typically order twice as many plates as our table needs, and somehow have never managed to spend over $75 during any visit. 

If you're looking for a place where the locals go, go to Firefly on Paradise. Get off the strip and have some tapas!
The three star rating is definitely qualified, and here's why. These sorts of places are relative. If you've ever eaten really good tapas where they're more likely to show up naturally, say, San Francisco, LA, NYC (and especially if you've ever roamed Spain), this place is definitely sub par. It's not that it's terrible, but more like the kind of tapas you'd get if you sent a recipe to a reasonably skilled cook in Milwaukee and said, let's see what you can do. The results are competently assembled, but utterly lacking in comparison to more authentic counterparts. So two stars, maybe. (Maybe.) On the other hand, if you've never been near a tapas restaurant and so far life has offered little more than Appleby's or Olive Garden, you might want to drop by here to get an idea of what tapas are. This might start you out on a journey to find the ones that are consistently nothing short of wonderful. Good luck.
I really like this place. I try to visit this place every time I'm back in town. The food is great and the prices can't be beat. Its open pretty late, but it can get packed pretty quick, but its defintely worth the wait. Service is okay, its better than average. The bacon wrapped dates are amazing, the flavor combination is great. The mac and cheese was pretty plain, I think it lacked flavor. Patatas bravas was so good, especially when they serve it with that sauce. The sliders are also a must try, the texture and flavor go very well together. The atmosphere of this place can get pretty loud, but its still a great eatery.
By far one of my favorite places to dine in Vegas! It may not have a celebrity name attached to the restaurant but the food is always delicious and the staff super friendly! It's a great place to take friends and don't forget to get a pitcher of sangria!

Favorites include:
Eggplant & goat cheese cannolis
Bacon wrapped dates
Beef Thai salad
Ceviche
and Kobe beef sliders!

Can't wait until I can say I've tried them all!
I went here on the recommendation of a local buddy, and it was CROWDED. But that's okay! We sat at the bar and talked with the bartender, and we were comfy and still got all of that AMAZING food. Honestly, it was all so good that it is kind of a blur of gluttony and satisfied drooling in my mind. I do remember getting the bacon-wrapped stuffed dates of course - DELICIOUS, but also something I make at home (VERY easy, try it yourself!), so if you know how to make these too then I would order other things. Basically I wanted to try everything on the menu! I also remember getting these cheese-stuffed red peppers, patatas bravas, stuffed mushrooms and camarones al ajillo. What can I say? This place made me happy. I would recommend this location over the newer downtown one because the downtown one has a limited menu. I live in LA and I have yet to find a tapas place here as good as Firefly in LV. Basically, I will now go to this restaurant every single time I visit LV, perhaps even more than once per trip. I'd rather pay to eat what I know will be great food than overpay for some mystery restaurant that may or may not be good. Drool....
Whenever I have visitors from out of town, this is one of my favorite places to take them. They have a variety of food for the meaty eater to the veggie eater and I have not yet received a complaint about the food. My personal favorites are the tuna tartare, the manchego mac and cheese and filet mignon sliders. This time I also ordered the steamed mussels, Terra y Mare skewers and the mushroom tart and all three items did not let me down at all. It may seem a lil pricey, but its definitely worth the money. 
P.S. I love their mojitos!
Firefly is the best Tapas restaurant I've been to yet! I was lucky to get to eat here two weekends in a row! I came last weekend for dinner w/ a group of 18, and then again yesterday with my girlfriends for lunch - both times we were seated promptly and the dishes came out quickly. I've probably tried 15+ tapas dishes here and they're all really tasty, under $10/each, and the portions are bigger than any other Tapas place I've been to. I think the sauces for the dishes here are what really make them excellent. 

Standout items on the menu would include: Chicken & Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms, Camerones a la Diabla (Shrimp, Spicy Chile Sauce [SO GOOD], Grilled Bread), Stuffed Dates (Bacon-Wrapped, Smoked Almond, Red Wine Reduction, Blue Cheese), Smoked Salmon Toasts (Brioche Toast, Sour Cream, Pickled Ginger, Capers), Roasted Eggplant Cannelloni, and the Steak and Mushroom Skewers. Don't forget to order a pitcher of their White Sangria (marinated for 3-days to enhance the taste).

I wish there was a Firefly in the OC! Good thing my friends LOVE to go to Vegas ;)
One of the best Tapas restaurants ever!

You must try the ceviche, beef thai salad, roasted eggplant cannelloni, steak and mushroom skewers.  And the paella was filled with many mussels, clams, shrimp, chicken and sausage!  All of the dishes were so delish!  We also had a pitcher of sangria ... which was marinated for 3 days!

Firefly's a must!
Very very good! Pitcher of mojito and an array of tapas under the heater on the patio = Perfect date night. We had about 6 different tapas to share and they were all wonderful. My favorites were the stuffed mushrooms, shrimp ceviche, stuffed dates, and thai beef salad. Everything was delicious! I haven't tried the downtown location yet, but it's definitely on my list.
Love the food, like the drinks, hate the service is what this comes down to. After eating here dozens of times, I have yet to have any positive service experiences.. ever. While their drinks are pretty tasty, all their mojitos are made with juice concentrates rather than real fruit or real fruit juice. They are a little sugary sweet and artificial tasting for my palette, but to each his own ! The bacon wrapped dates are freaking incredible (they have the best ones in town!), and I also love their mac and cheese. Sliders are hit or miss. Skewers are just ok. I attached a pic of the white drink mixes they buy to put in all the drinks. I watched the bar for 30 minutes last night and didn't see one drink made without some concentrate out of a white canister.
The service was attentive and the wait was minimal.
Food was mostly very tasty and also very affordable.
Ambience very nice, but a little louder than one wants for a romantic evening.

The (red) sangria was a little sweet for my taste, and the octopus was very tender but oddly mealy. Other dishes were good -- the dates were as tasty as promised, and the merguez (lamb sausages with red pepper) were fantastic.
Came here for lunch since all the rave reviews had made me very curious as to how good the tapas were.Armed with high expectation and an empty stomach, we were sat down right away since the place was nearly empty.
Given the menu and a basket of bread to start with, the waiter showed up after 10mins to take our orders. We had pulpo, patatas bravas, steamed mussels,steak in skewers,stuffed mushrooms,somethng egg layered with potatoes.
The taste was disppointing, Pulpo was too soft to the bite, it was tasteless. the bravas were burnt, mussels were served in coconut milk that is canned!!! UGH!!!
Service was so so. Not attentive.Had to ask for refill 2x.
I have truly experienced better.I also  noticed that all the tapas were topped with chopped scallions, onions,tomatoes.
I was designated as the planner for my friend's bachelor party, and was guided here by the yelp forums.  I decided to give them a call and before I knew it, I was already picking out menu items.  For the tapas banquet, it is all you can eat, and you can choose 6 items from their entire menu of tapas, except for the lamb chops.  We went with:

Empanadas - good, but a bit filling..and the sauce is a little on the rich side
Steak and Shrimp Skewers - has a piece of sausage on top as well, very good, but their chimichurri sauce is a little on the salty side
Ahi Tuna Skewers - the one thing we shouldn't have ordered, the tuna was a bit dry and did not mesh too well with the fruit it had on the skewer
Filet Mignon Sliders - excellent, although some burgers had a bit too much sauce on them...also a major filler on the all you can eat...they kind of killed a few of us and ended our eating...haha...
Spicy Shrimp - my favorite thing we ordered, delicious, sweet and spicy and cooked to perfection
Mango Baby Back Ribs - these were a hit with everyone...numerous rounds of these...fall off the bone (baked I think for any bbq snobs out there)...with a nice mango glaze...i personally have had better ribs, but these are better than your average baby back rib you will get at a non-bbq joint...

The service here started off very slow, and with a 22 man bachelor party, you could just feel the antsyness kicking in when there was no food or drinks for about 15 min.  However, once the food started coming out, the service went from 0-60 in about 5 seconds.  The wait staff got into their rhythm and it was smooth sailing the rest of the night.  We even had 5 stragglers who were already pre-paid for, show up about an hour late, and the staff accomodated them as if nothing was wrong.  

This place is just OK for big groups, as they do not have private rooms or anything, but perfect for medium size groups of 10 or so.  It is also good for casual diners as well.  haha  The food is excellent and service is pretty good.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone out in vegas and would return.
This place was great.  Huge selection of food that will fit anyones tastes.   The mac and cheese was our favorite dish! If you like Tapas style food,then exit the strip and get to Firefly.
I have been here twice and both times I have been satisfied with the food. I personally think they have way too much on their menu making it hard for a first timer to make up her mind :). But the ambiance is very casual and relaxed.
Most of the locals come here to enjoy tapas. 
They have a second room in the back which in my opinion has a better ambiance. 
The drinks are good - not watered down - and that's important in vegas :)
Another review update for Firefly and another perfect 10, or 5 in our yelp world.  I know that most of my hardcore friends here on yelp have some mixed reviews which is totally understandable.  However, I through different situations at these guys/gals and they always seem to pull through.  17.... Yes, 17 people at 8:00 for a birthday dinner! Guess what, we arrived at 7:55 and were seated at 8.  

The service was some of the best I've ever seen.  I've been to this location numerous times and they were packed and just flying around the restaurant taking care of their patrons.  The food was all fantastic and the drinks matched perfectly.  For the money, its one of my favorite places to go and to take others along with me.  I cannot wait for a yelp event to take place at one of their locations.
Amazing. Great ambiance, fabulous food, and their drinks are to die for. Don't forget the stuffed dates. You won't be disappointed. Can't forget how affordable this place is. What are you waiting for?
I love this place, there are very few places like this in Vegas. It's a great place to go on a date and is so much fun. They have pitchers of sangria (red, white, or sparkling that has a little bit of peach liquer added to it with some champagne), pitchers of different kinds of mojitos, as well as your standard mixed drinks. They are reasonably priced (pitchers are $24) and the bartenders know their stuff and are personable. Their happy hour is amazing with half priced drinks and they give you a plate of complimentary tapas. I wouldn't necessarily say it's a great dinner place per-se (hello, tapas bar), but a great meet-up place and with a sexy vibe to get to know someone. The tables are a little awkward towards the back because they are so large that you're sitting a reasonable distance away from your date. It makes it hard to get cozy unless you sit next to them in the booth. The outdoor patio is awesome, and usually crowded. Service is hit or miss, i've had good experiences and a couple that were just okay. The quality of the food, drinks, and ambiance make it not so big of a deal though. Their bacon wrapped dates are to die for, and i'd definitely say it would be on the top of my list for favorite places to go in Vegas. A +++ for the bartenders, food, and energy of the place.
Got lost and tried to make it here on foot. Not a good idea! lol. Take a cab here. It is not walking distance off the strip. 

My very first tapas experience and my gawd! This place was amazingly good... the bread and butter that came before our late lunch was a little different than anything I've ever had. The bread was pre-oiled and garnished, served with whole olives and sweet butter. We started with stuffed dates (bacon wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese), chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, crispy duck rolls with cherry hoisin sauce, white sangria which was marinated for 3 days. Ended our late excursion with what else but the filet mignon sliders (mini burgers with serrano ham, cabrales cheese, carmelized onions). The price was between $3.50-$10. Totally worth the prices on the small portions. You get a variety, which is why I love tapas. 

Word of advice: don't go off the beatened path. Many Yelpers listed the must-haves already. I would pass on the crispy duck rolls and go for another order of stuffed dates!
Incredible, try the sliders, ham and cheese crouquetes, stuffed dates, and anything else that looks interesting to you, can't go wrong.  The mojitos are delicious too and come by the pitcher if you want.  Just a great fun delicious place and for the prices you can't go wrong.  Every one I have ever taken here loves it and I have taken more than a few.
Awesome Place. I would definitely come here again on a return Vegas trip. Had an awesome time for a decent price. I was looking to spend a little cash, roughly $50-$75 for a classy meal (involving wine) @ 11pm on a Tuesday night! This is a harder task than it sounds. However, Firefly stepped up in a big way. My girlfriend still asks about the banana sandwiches. These guys are just of the strip and worth the trip. Open late!
This place has been responsible for the starts and ends of many of the most memorable nights in Vegas. Excellent tapas, Spanish-quality sangria, and great service.
Visiting from Chicago, I was excited to give this tapas place a try. I came in with a party of 12 or so not too long ago and was pleasantly surprised at the array of choices of their tapas menu along with the option of choosing entrees instead if tapas is not your thing.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating to our large group-  points for that! 

For drinks I tried a blood orange mojito- very good and strong- another plus. Tried their sangria, equally good.

For food, I opted to share the shrimp ceviche with a friend and ordered the machengo mac n' cheese and filet mignon sliders for myself. Out of the three I would have to say I enjoyed the ceviche the most. The sliders were a bit over cooked and although my friends all raved about the mac and cheese, mine failed to impress. It seemed as though the cheese in mine had coagulated while I was working on my sliders- bummer.

One thing I found funny and a bit creepy (non related to their services/food) was a customer coming out of the bathroom and then sneaking a picture of us has he walked by. Awkward!

Overall I would recommend firefly as a great place for drinks after work, not sure if they offer happy hour or not but this would be a decent place to go. Given the opportunity to go again I would be okay with giving the food a second try- perhaps  trying an entree next time...
Went here last night with a friend who has never been around 9:30 PM. Since we were only two people, we literally got in right away without a reservation. We got seated quickly, had enough time to peruse the menu before ordering, and the food came out quickly as well. We didn't have to ask for refills on our water or ice tea at all during the night, the only extra we asked for was of their sweet butter which the first batch melted very quickly. My friend ordered the stuffed dates and the lamb skewers, and she said both were very very good. I switched it up a little and got the veggies and lentils, tortilla a la espanola, and the warm spinach salad which was ridiculously delicious and at a very good price. For both of us to dine it was $18 each including tip. It was a ridiculously busy night so I was amazed at the quality of the service compared to the Plaza location. We even had a waiter switch and still the ball was never dropped. It was a very smooth visit which reinforces my belief that having a small party is the way to go unless it is a special occasion. Good job, Paradise!
Firefly has given me ANOTHER reason to LLLLLLOVVVVE Vegas even more than I already do. For those of you who make trips out to Vegas and don't eat at Firefly, you're missin out. It's on my to do list for every Vegas trip!!! 

Firefly is a Tapas restaurant, so the majority of their menu is a huge variety of Spanish appetizers. I could sit here and list everything we ordered and describe em, but honestly, I think the best way to do it is just order what sounds good to you... because that's what we did, and everythinggggg (seriously EVERYTHING) tasted AMAZING. Nothing can go wrong :) 

And of course, no Vegas meal is complete without some drinkkkks! hahah I recommend a pitcher of White Sangria...mmm so so so yummy.
Nothing better than ending a LOSING trip to vegas with some good eats.  My buddy use to be the former exec. sous at TAO, recommended this joint.  Cant believe it took me this long to try.  One of the better tapas places i've ever been....granted, my tapas tasting has been limited due to younglings.... anyhow...on to the food:

Stuffed Dates:  Lived up to the hype.  Must eat all components together.  My first bite was without the blue cheese crumble, and it was eh...then the second one was HOLY SCHMOLY!  Very good... And i dont even care for dates.

Chicken Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms;  Good...but no wow factor... they tricked me by printing "YUM" on the menu description.

Calamari:  Very good....the garlic aioli was excellent

Tuna Tartare:  Fresh, cut too big, but nice cold app to go with alcohol.

Paella:  MONEY MONEY MONEY.  Now this is good stuff.  Not too salty, plenty of shrimp, chicken, sausage, calamari, very very good.  ONLY minor glitch... i think because of the wait and the crowds, they served the dish in a cold paella dish.  The best part of paella is the crunchy part of the rice on the bottom of the pan.  Otherwise, this was first rate.

White Sangria:  Only had a sip, but it was ok....better off with hard liquor or cold beer.

Service was good considering the crowds.  Kinda hot though...the A/c wasnt on full blast.  Definitely worth another visit..... nice change of pace from the Overpriced strip eateries....
It is fantastic. I was brought here on a trip to Vegas a few years ago and was blown away by this place.  Whenever I go to an awesome restaurant, I stare at the menu wanting to order half the things on there.  Finally I could!! The Sangria was incredible as well.  In fact, I can't really remember what food I had on that first trip because the sangria was so good...anyhow.....fast-forward to last weekend....back in Vegas and back to Firefly.

 I was pretty worried as I was bringing someone new here and I had been hyping the place for the whole drive from LA and figured it probably had gone to shit over the past couple years like many restaurants do. Nope! It was awesome, again.

Garden Salad = win
Mac & Cheese = win
Tetilla = win
Steak & Mushroom Skewer = win
Bacon wrapped dates = win

all that stuff totaled like $30, which I know I am biased coming from LA, but that is amazing. Now hurry up and open one of these in SFV!
Service: Great 
Food: Good 
Restaurant: Clean but they could stand to turn down the music 50 notches.
Restroom: OK
Return Visits: Yes
Favorites: Pulpo asado, Gazpacho, Tres Leches

I've been coming here for about 3 years. I used to be in love with this place but now, I'm just in LIKE with it. They have a lot of flavor in their food, that hasn't changed... It's their portion sizes, they seem to be getting smaller every year. I get it, hard 'economic times' but if you're going to charge the same amount, can I get the same amount? I'm suffering from this economy too?!

Food, it's got lots of flavor. Gazpacho isn't for everyone, it's cold soup, but I like it! Pulpo asado is really good, just disappointed, as I stated earlier, the portions are smaller now. They used to pile that thing so high, now, it's almost the same size as the small tapas, no bueno. But the quality of the dish isn't affected, thank goodness. Tres Leches is bomb but, again, smaller than it used to be.

Atmosphere is kaka, lol and is the reason why I knocked one star off. I mean, I like it when a restaurant plays music to take care of those "quiet" moments that can happen when you're having dinner and you run out of things to talk about BUT c'mon, I at least want to be able to hear my thoughts!!! It can be so ear piercing that sometimes I wish I was a lot more drunk so that I wouldn't be bothered by the music.

Restaurant; there are several areas that you can sit: inside, inside the lounge-type area (which consists of couches and coffee tables as your dining area), outside and also their overflow part of the restaurant that is also indoors. Personally, I kinda of like the lounge area because that seems to be the only area that doesn't get as cramped as the rest of the restaurant. 

NOTE: Please don't ever go there at night and MOST especially on the weekends, without a reservation. You can wait 1-2 hrs just for a table of 2?! You'll be pissed. Usually on weekends, they have to open up their overflow portion of their restaurant that's usually closed during the week because it does get super duper busy on weekends. AND, since they get so busy, sometimes they try to stuff everyone into the restaurant that it can feel a little cramped.
how come this place still open. I will think because the people that come here have never try REAL TAPAS so they don't know the real flavor.This place is really bad. The restaurant sell tapas well let me tell you this  place  is not tapas plus the chef here need to go to Spain to learn how to cook some real tapas.   The paella was really bad no flavor, the sangria no good. No stars from me
This place is great.  If you are in Vegas for a couple days for business, or just for the night, definatly worth your time.  Great tapas, great service, awesome happy hour from 4-6 with half priced pitchers of sangria.  Perfect place to dine alone at the bar.  If you do not know what to order, ask one of the bartenders and they will guide you.
I ended my birthday food-feast at Firefly.  It was a perfect night filled with good friends, good sangria, and good food! (Well, the little that I tried after stuffing myself all day long.)

The atmosphere of firefly is awesome, inviting, and perfect for a night out with friends! I will have to come back here more. The only food I have to rant about is, of course, the stuffed dates. I've had stuffed dates before, but BOY nothing beats these! Mmm.
I love this place.  We eat lunch here often.

Food - During my most recent visit, I had:

- Stuffed Dates...very yummy w/bacon.
- Ham & Cheese Croquetas...one of my favs.
- Vegetable Empinada....1st time trying it, was ok.
- Stuffed Mushrooms...another one of my favs.
- Firefly Fries.....you can't go here and not get these...they are addicting!

The weather was awesome, so we ate on the patio....just a great experience.  Hard to find in Vegas.

Service - The service here is always spectacular.  They are very attentive to your needs and make sure you're taken care of.

Will I return?  Absolutely!
We took a party of 9 there last night and Firefly knocked it out of the park!!! Excellent service and the food was spot on. A couple of new things we tried were the warm spinach salad, excellent, and their desserts. The tres leches chocolate cake is phenomenal!
Ah, Firefly. Where do I even begin?

Right. I begin with sangria, like I always do. Happy hour gets you half off sangria plus a free tapas. A pitcher during regular hours will be around $18 and should get two people through dinner at around three glasses each. They offer red, white, and sparkling sangria. I can't say I've tried any other than the red; why mess with perfection?

A free bread basket is always good, especially when it comes with the amazing herb butter they make in-house. Olives are served on the side.

The menu isn't huge but seems daunting. You absolutely have to read the titles and the descriptions of each dish. Does "Stuffed dates" sound appealing? Maybe it does, but the additional "bacon wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese" can't hurt.

Assuming you're a party of two, and you've waded through the menu, order at least three things per person. Of course, at happy hour for a snack, one item is perfect, but I'm talking dinner here. Some dishes that my other half and I never fail to order: Stuffed Dates (sometimes one order for each of us; an order gets you five), Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms, Manchego Mac n Cheese, Mushroom Tart, and Petite Filet. Some that are not always necessary but we love them: Patatas Bravas, Albondigas, Crispy Duck Rolls, and Steak and Mushroom Skewers. We probably end up with ten different dishes every time we go there.

I would like to make it through the entire menu, but my go-to plates are so delicious that I'm only able to try one or two new things every time! Last time I did get the Crispy Duck Rolls for the first time, and I will definitely be getting them again. I haven't tried any of their five entrees, but I'm intrigued by the Paella and will try it soon.

This is another do-not-skip-dessert place. There are very few places where I must have dessert; this is one of them. At least every second time I eat at Firefly, I order the Chocolate-Cherry Bread Pudding. Actually, desire would be a more appropriate word. I desire this dessert. Bread pudding is my favorite dessert, and this is one of the best I've ever had.

Firefly has two locations. One is downtown in the Plaza hotel, with a gorgeous view of Fremont street from a big glass dome where most of the seating is. The other is on Paradise, near the Hard Rock, convenient for visitors from the Strip, with excellent ambiance and an outdoor patio. The food is excellent and the menu is the same at both locations.

Parking is easy and free. Reservations are a good idea; they can be made via OpenTable.
Unfortunately this location has to lose a star because some things were just not up to par. 

I have to start by saying I love, love, love Firefly to the bottom of my soul but today was not the best I have had from them, but not the worst, either. Took my mom here for her first time and just a couple of the things were a bit "off". 

We started by ordering a pitcher of sangria which was not filled to its usual height (almost halfway down the pitcher!) and it only had apples and one slice of orange. That's it. No grapes, no other lovely fruits, just apples and one single slice of orange. Meh. It still tasted alright, but was not of the usual fruity goodness I have come to know and love. Usually I love digging through my glass for fruit as it keeps me from getting sloppy-drunk quicker. 

The service was alright, but we had to ask for a lot of things including our waiter who seemed to disappear a lot even though the place was almost empty. We had to ask for water, to order more food, etc. At one point we got the manager over when we ordered some stuffed peppers and were perusing the menu for dessert and he was very nice and even sent over a plate of flan since it was what my mom and I talked about possibly getting with him, and apparently we are quite charming whilst intoxicated. This alone kept the 4th star because overall I still wasn't completely impressed as usual. 

I ordered the tortilla a la espanola, the warm spinach salad, veggies and lentils, stuffed peppers, and the fruit and cheese plate for dessert. My mom ordered some skewers with chorizo, steak, and shrimp which she absolutely fell in love with and she liked the tortilla a la espanola and the stuffed peppers of mine that she tried. The warm spinach salad was a little lacking, they hardly filled the plate. Usually this thing is ridiculously huge to the point where I cannot order any more. The veggies and lentils I was most disappointed in though as it completely lacked any mushrooms at all. This is the one dish I always get because their mushrooms are prepared in it so well and so deliciously that the taste and texture is like biting into a rare steak. But this dish did not have one single mushroom at all. Bummer. Oh and I will now forever only order my flan for dessert as the fruit and cheese plate was alright but nothing to write home about, but I am glad I got it out of the way. One crumbly cheese in particular had me gagging and reaching for all the beverages on the table. Do not want. 

If I had not been here before I probably would have given it the same rating, maybe a 3.5 since we did spend a ton of money between us and the service was a bit lacking. When you have to look around in an empty restaurant for service and your waiter only shows up once after being served to ask if you're doing okay, that's not that great. Overall I love Firefly but this experience wasn't that great.
What can I say in this review that has not been said?? Lets see...JUST GO TRY ONE OF THE BEST DAMN TAPA SPOTS IN VEGAS! AND STOP READING THESE REVIEWS BEFORE YOU MISS OUT! asswipe
Okay, this was stop number 2 on our Happy hour hop and I was more than disappointed with this location. My first firefly experience was at the downtown location and it was amazing. This time we walked in and I was not sure if the happy hour was contained to one area so I asked the hostess if we needed to sit at the bar for happy hour and she said nope.. You have about 10 minutes left of happy hour so we will get you seated quickly so we can get you a round or two during happy hour. That right there made me happy, they had already started to show that small glimmer of hope that the downtown location shines radiantly with. After being seated that little light i was just talking about must have burnt out because it was horrid. We sat for about 13 minutes... Yes I counted, and when the server came I asked just to make sure, " Our first round is on happy hour right? We have been sitting here for quite some time" she responded with, " Nope, It's over."  
I nicely said to her, " We were sat roughly 15 minutes ago and happy hour ended 5 minutes ago and there is nothing you can do? Again I received, "Nope It's Over, can i get something for you? " So i then said, " Nope, I'm done thank you" . 

Needless to say we walked out of firefly without eating any of the awesome sliders or the bacon wrapped dates. It's a shame but I could not stand for that on that particular day!!

Sorry Firefly on paradise, I will continue to hit the downtown location and hope nothing like this happens there.
Excellent tapas restaurant with a spectacular view and reasonable prices!

All three dishes we tried-petite filet, artichoke toast, and bacon wrapped dates were delicious!! The red sangria was also very good..... you could taste the fruit infused with the wine. 

The great view of Fremont street and all of the classic hotels from a modernly decorated restaurant made the atmosphere enjoyable and fun!
Pretty good casual place off the strip, a huge locals hangout.  Impossible to spend a ton of money here, tapas menu is extensive and fills you up without draining the wallet. 

Very good sangria

Service is okay but don't expect much from such a casual place. 

Can get packed and you might have to wait for a table, open till the wee hours of the morning but in vegas what isnt?
Life is all about second chances... So is dining. We gave The Fly on Paradise a second chance tonight due to the awesome management and there contact. 

We walked in and checked in for the 9 o'clock reservation and the hostess was very friendly and let us know that it would be about 5 minutes before our table was ready... " No Problem" 1 star to Firefly.
Once we had been sat the waiter was at our table and taking our drink order and asking if  we wanted to get some food started.  We decided to start out with a drink and 4 of the Tapas.  Now, I am not kidding... I had pulled out my phone, unlocked it, logged onto yelp and then the food was at our table. AS fast as we could eat it they were bringing it. 

We made a few more orders and all the food was amazing, perfectly cooked and seasoned. The Drinks were all perfectly concocted and the waiter who i wish i could remember his name because I would definitely like to give a shout out to him. He was all over the service... Can you say "TOP NOTCH".

Firefly Paradise, you are back on the top of the list. Lets recap this one time. Why is firefly back on the top? Excellent service turnaround, Amazing food, Great atmosphere..

This location is great and definitely up to par.
This is one of my new favorite spots in LV.
We went here with a rather large bachelorette party.  I wasn't involved in the planning aspect of the party, but I was involved in the eating!

It took us a little longer than expected to get seated, but with such a large party I could easily overlook it.  The food itself was FABULOUS!  Bacon covered figs?  YUM!  I think I could have had the whole platter if we didn't have more plates coming out.  The beef and mushroom skewers were flavorful and tender.  The 2 shrimp dishes were cooked perfectly.  I preferred the one in the sweet chili sauce.

For dessert, I LOVED the chocolate tres leches.  I'm normally not a big fan, but this was a little piece of heaven.  What a treat!

I'd love to come back and sample their regular menu.  The prices were so reasonable compared to what you get on the strip, and service is definitely delivered with a smile.
Awesome food. Great service. Cool music.
Seriously, I don't know how I can add on to the plethora of geat reviews that Firefly has already received; other than being another one of the millions...AND MILLIONS, of fans :)

Came here for the first time w/ a few ppl this past memorial day wknd.  We were already going because our friend wanted to hit this place up, so I would end up having to review this place no matter what.

The first thing I heard was that this place can get pretty packed...but we showed up @ about 8:40PM and our friends already had a table ready for us.  The wait was supposed to be a min of 30 min, but I guess we got lucky.  WSOP and a UFC fight might have kept the masses at bay during this time, so all the better for us.

This is definitely now one of my favorite spots to eat in LV.  Spanish Tapas; love em love em love em!  There is SUCH a variety of things to choose from, from the bacon-wrapped dates(sounds strange, but actually VERY good), to the various types of empanadas, to the ahi skewers, to the duck rolls...seriously too many things to name, and we had a LOT of them.  It's basically like picking various appetizers and finger foods and everyone gets a little taste, and moves on.  So you end up ordering maybe 8-10 items for a party of 4 or 5.  And that left us quite full...  very affordable(items range between $5-9 per item and each of us ended up spending about $25 each, and that was with several pitchers of Sangria.

Parking - it's a plaza so there's a good amount of parking.  Just remember that if you take a cab there(about $10-15), it might be hard finding one back, unless there are more and more people coming into the resto.  

Service staff - very friendly and very attentive.  They definitely pleasured me - in all manners of restaurantism!
Had a lot of delicious food here.  We had the sliders (the petite filet, I think), tuna tartare, ceviche,  albondigas, lamb chops, stuffed peppers, and some other stuff.

I really enjoyed the ceviche.  The lambchops were tender and flavorful.  I also liked the texture and flavor of the tuna tartare, although my boyfriend thought it reminded him a little of cat food.  My boyfriend said the petite filet sliders were the best burgers he had ever had.

We also ordered a pitcher of red wine sangria.  We were starting to get drunk by this time, so maybe that has affected my review, but I thought everything was delicious, including the sangria.  I particularly liked the lambchops and ceviche.
We came here with a large group of girls and had the Tapas Banquet for $30/pp plus some pitchers of Sangria at $24/pitcher.  Included in the Tapas Banquet is a starter of  some house bread, almond butter, smoked almonds, and marinated olives.  For our tapas, we ordered:

Chicken Salad 
Smoked Salmon on Brioche Toast
Bacon-Wrapped Dates
Steak Skewers with Mushrooms and Red Wine Sauce
Camarones a la Diabla  (Spicy Shrimp)
Camarones al ajillo (Garlic Butter Sauce)

For the most part the food was good. I thought the Chicken Salad was a little out of place at a tapas restaurant. But it was okay. The Smoked Salmon was meh. Tasted more like salmon salad spread on bread. So with these two as our introduction to Firefly, I was really hoping it was going to improve. Thankfully it did.  The  Bacon-Wrapped Dates
were a good combination of rich, sweet, and salty.  The Steak Skewers were filling.  The Camarones a la Diabla had a spicy little kick to it but I preferred the Camarones al ajillo instead. It just depends on your preference.
   
The dessert platter had a combination of caramel flan, a tres leches cake and some shortbread and fruit pastries. The suuuuperstar was the Chocolate Tres Leches.  Since it was family style, we kept asking for more. Unfortunately, we were on a time constraint so we couldn't stay and fully enjoy the tres leches at our leisure. But I would definitely come back to Firefly just for that!!! Mmmm!

The service was good with the waiters on top of making sure we had everything. Overall, a good experience with a-ok food.
A good friend of mine suggested that my friends and I go here for dinner because of the view and the food. I gotta say, they were BOTH 5 stars!

I had never had tapas before going to Firefly. Please know that I am VEGAN and was able to eat like... 4-5 plates. I could have eaten a ton more, but there's a lot of dishes that are all veggies or can be made vegan very easily if you just ask. My friends had seafood dishes that they said were great as well. Prices are extremely reasonable -- especially for drinks! $5 for a drink in Vegas is about as refreshing as it gets.

The view from where we were sitting was just... wow. Be sure to try to get a table in up in the atrium-type area inside the glass dome! You get the Fremont Street Experience from your seat! If you don't know what that is, Google it. All in all, Firefly is just FULL OF AWESOME. P.S. Try to make reservations!
Tapas and Sangria...yes please! I go here whenever I am in Vegas, and have introduced this restaurant to some of my friends as well and everyone loves it. You can eat here and drink and still have money to gamble. The restaurant is in a small shopping center, so parking is difficult. I would also make reservations on a Friday or Saturday night, since it is pretty popular. 

My favorites are the sangria, tuna tartare, stuffed dates (love blue cheese and bacon), ham and cheese croquetas, and filet mignon sliders. However, go somewhere else for dessert if you are craving sweets....they are not good at Firefly.
What a great find on our recent trip to Vegas.  Everyone was in the mood to try new things and share and that is half the fun of this place.  Lots of great tapas and you must try their aged Sangria.  The staff were friendly and patient, the food was wonderful and the bill was easy to cover.  I had to try their paella and they did not disappoint me.  There is plenty of parking at the Paradise Road location and if the weather is not terribly hot, you can sit outside.
I plan on returning and trying more of their tapas.
A friend of my good friend recommended this place while we were having a girls weekend in Vegas. I've never been to a tappas restaurant and I was so glad this place was my first. It has such a great atmosphere and a perfect place to have dinner & drinks with your girls. We actually went here after watching Sex in the City with my friends and it was perfect!! The sangria is AMAZING, love all their dishes, and we tasted about 8-10...and their dessert, was off the hook! We tried the chocolate tres leches and their chocholate w/ banana dish, yummy! If you're ever in Vegas, I highly recommend trying this place, you won't regret it!
This is a great place to unwind before or after going out on the strip. Great place to meet up with friends, cus it is not too loud. It is located parallel to the strip so none of that chaos. The food is delicious, but the portions are tight. I enjoyed the tierra y mar skewers, empanadas,   stuffed dates, fire fries with aoli and their complimentary starter sweet butter and croquetas. I recomment a pitcher of ANY flavor mojitos (more bang for your buck), I prefer mango.
I think we ate half the menu. All of it was mind-blowingly good.

You think that's hyperbole? it's not. I went with two TOUGH people to find food for on account of their pickyness. Even they were impressed. Every bite was amazing. It's going to be tough to find a tapas bar to compete with this place.

We had no less than 8 plates, all of them awesome. The lamb skewers were sublime. The diablo shrimp was so good, we wanted to save the sauce for dipping. Hell, we wanted to dip the flan in it, it was so good!

Great atmosphere. Great service. And incredible food. This is my favorite place to eat in Vegas!
Second time at Firefly (weird thing was we got the same table)....great crowd, awesome food, great drinks...what more could you want?

Definitely going back when I get back to Vegas.
7 girls + 18 dishes + 2 pitchers of Sangria = a tummy full of HAPPINESS!!

Went on a girls reunion trip with the UCLA girls to Vegas and we knew we wanted to have a good dinner meal for Saturday. With no idea what to get, the lovely May suggested Firefly. We heard it could be busy so we called to see if we could make reservations but they told us it wasn't that busy around 6:30 which was the time we wanted to go and that it gets busy later at night (very true). 

The atmostphere is awesome. It's dim with red accents, and there's latin dance type of music playing. Right when we walked in I had already seen two of the waiters/waitresses dancing a little- it was very cute. 

So we sat down, and decided to order whatever we felt like because either way it would have been cheaper than if we had decided to go to Joel Robuchon's restaurant in the MGM (which I definitely want to try). 

Here's what we ordered- 

1. 2 plates stuffed dates ----soooo good
2. 2 plates manchego mac & cheese- pretty good but not the best of all the dishes
3. 2 plates of chorizo & chicken stuffed mushrooms
4.  ceviche shrimp- very good
5. Thai beef salad
6. petite filet
7. lambchops
8. spicy lamb sausage
9. mussels
10. shrimp diabla 
11. paella
12. ham and cheese croquetas
13. tuna tartare
14. chocolate cherry bread pudding
15. dessert platter

My favorites- stuffed dates, the ceviche, the petite filet, stuffed mushrooms, ham and cheese croquetas, lamb sausage & Paella- the paella is very good to get and large enough to share with a lot of people. 

My least favorites- the tuna tartare (tasted a little funny, we think they added mayo or something to it) and the lambchops (didn't have that lamb flavor). 

and of course the chocolate bread pudding was very good with ice cream. 

The dent- only $35 per girl with tip. A lot better than the minimum of at least $100 at Robuchon =)
Very delicious meal and great serving size. I mean of course the size is small but I order three different dishes and I was full after two. If anything you mite want to eat slow and order some drinks. 
I definitely think the bacon wrapped dates were ridiculously good. But I won't just recommend any certain dish just because everything is good
If I only tried the Paella this place would have gotten a 5 star easily.

The Paella was by far my favorite dish and I absolutely loved it. I ended up saving half for the next day, but I accidentally left it on top of a slot machine. I was really sad when that happened. Let's get right to the summary.

Seating: Fast (Got busy really fast, recommend getting there before 9pm on Saturdays).
Service: Great

Food: Here is what I tried

Pitcher of Sangria: 3/5 Stars - I've had better, not bad.
Shrimp Diabla: 3/5 Stars - Missing a lot flavors, not that spicy.
Stuffed Dates: 3.5/ 5 Stars - It tasted like Sausage and Bacon w/ Maple Syrup. It was my girlfriend's favorite of the night.
Duck Roll: 3.5/ 5 Stars - I wish the sauce was a little too sour for my taste, but this dish has a lot of potential.

Paella - 5/5 Stars I love this dish. Its only $15 and you get a lot of food. I almost opt for the 14oz Rib Eye w/ Fries for $20...Thank God I didn't.

Prices here are very reasonable. It won't break your bank compared to eating at other restaurants (especially on the Strip).

Can't wait to come back in 3 weeks to eat here again.
Firefly has possibly the best sangria I've had in my entire life! I came here during my most recent Vegas trip (annual sorority pledge class trip), and it didn't disappoint. Normally, I only love red wine sangria, but the white and sparkling here were both excellent, as well. The tapas are decent, but I'd come here again for the drinks!
food was definitely cheap.. but you get what you pay for. Did not enjoy the food. It was nothing special. Drinks were good.. Service was TERRIBLE!
Best tapas hands down!  Wow!  I can only say try everything.  The bacon wrapped dates are pure heaven.  The surf & turf skewers rocked too.  

And definitely have a glass or pitcher of homemade sangria.  Great vibe, A+ service, friendly staff all make for a very moderately priced venue that should cost a lot more.

I'll be back again!!
loved this place.  pretty much everything is good, especially the fries, the mac and cheese, and the bacon wrapped dates.  we had a pitcher of mojitos and a pitcher of sangria, i loved the mojitos (and they were strong) but i wasn't a fan of the sangria (although i don't like sangria in general so its nothing against them ...).  great for a girls night or a date night.  we went for a bachelorette party and i thought the service was more than adequate (and they brought our bride a free shot, which was a nice touch).  Prices were pretty reasonable given the quality of the food.  Wish i lived in vegas so i could go back!
I'm a big fan of tapas so I usually go to Firefly when I'm going to a concert at the Hard Rock. I've gone to the location downtown a few times now and actually think I like it there better. The service is slightly spottier downtown, but it's a cool room and it's great place to bring out-of-towners to get the whole old school Vegas experience.  Anyway, a couple months ago we went to the original location and I was really disappointed...the bread was drenched in oil and everything was super greasy. We gave it another shot last night and they were back on point. I guess someone was just heavy handed with the oil that one night.  My faves are the artichoke toasts, eggplant cannelloni, manchego mac & cheese and shrimp a la diabla. Firefly doesn't really do "traditional" Spanish tapas, but they do have a few interpretations of classics. I just like it because I can basically order 10 different things off the menu without seeming like a giant hog or breaking the bank.
A friend of mine recommended this place and I was really happy we went. It was nice to be off the craziness of the Strip in a more relaxed atmosphere. My friends and I went at 5pm on a Monday so it wasn't crowded. We were seated right away. We ordered the sangria (red, they also have white and sparkling) which was excellent. 

We ordered 4 different tapas - eggplant cannelloni, tortilla, stuffed mushrooms and fried potatoes. The eggplant cannelloni was my favorite, with crispy slices wrapped around goat cheese. The tortilla was not exactly like I'd had it in Spain - it came layered on toothpicks - but it was decent as were the potatoes. I didn't try the mushrooms because they had chorizo, but my friends said they were good. 

The service was very attentive, refilling our water every five minutes and answering questions about the menu items. Our entire bill came to $26. I will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
I love this place ever since my cousin introduced it to me last year in Vegas.  The tapas bar has many different plates to share.  My favorited being the stuffed dates, paella, filet mignon sliders, olives, fries, and much more.  They have the best sangria hands down.  I would come to firefly, just for that!  A nice cold pitcher sangria in the desert heat!
The food itself was really good, definitely get the bacon wrapped dates and flan.  If you're really hungry/have a lot of people to split with, get the paella (it's $18 but there's a LOT of it).  I also had the manchego mac and cheese which was pretty amazing.  I also got a mango mojito, but I couldn't taste any mango.

My gripes about this place have to do with the service.  I saw my server three times total, but there was a really nice guy who kept coming around and taking care of me.  But when I asked him if our server split his tips, the guy was like "sometimes" so I ended up tipping him along with my server (who I didn't want to tip at all because he didn't do anything, but he just never came back with my change).  Also our server forgot to put in one of my orders (steamed mussels) but he made up for that with free "birthday flan" which is funny since it really was my birthday.
If you're willing to go just a short distance off-Strip to dine, this seems to be the place to go. We were there late on a weeknight, and it was packed! After dining there, I can see why. They have a great selection of traditional Spanish and other unique tapas, all reasonably priced. And the portions are more like appetizers meant to be shared than the two-bite tapas you find in Spain. Ordering about three tapas per person should be more than enough. The bacon wrapped dates, stuffed peppers, croquettas, tuna skewers, and eggplant are all excellent. The service is prompt and friendly and the atmosphere, while it can't compare to the hotel/casino places, is festive nonetheless.
I went to Firefly years ago when I was in Vegas for a conference and so when I borught my husband to Vegas for the first time I thought we could come back - Thank God we did!!!!

This place is HEAVEN!! The food is so good and we were all scambling to get the last bites!

Artichoke toasts - light and refreshing

Ceviche of shrimp - Was tasty, but messy :)  

Tortilla a la espaola -  Was good, but a little on the plain side

Stuffed dates - Melt in your mouth YUM!

Baked tetilla - Was good and so tasty on the toast!

Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms - smelled the chorizo, but really just tasted chicken

Steak and mushroom skewers - these melted in our mouths - was soo good!

Babyback ribs - Oh my!!!!! Heaven on a bone - just fell off and the sauce was GOOD!

Ahi tuna skewer  - The Mango gave it a nice flavor, but wasn't my favorite.

Camarones a la diabla - Shrimp with a yummy chili sauce - We had to order TWO of these because they were soooo good!!! The sauce was incredible - firey and sweet and just OH MY!!!! Def recommend this dish!

Banana-Nutella sandwiches - I needed a little sweet after dinner and this did the trick! Was two pieaces of french toast with bananas and nutella sandwiched between them and for an extra kick, it's served with a little dish of extra nutella!

Sangria
Red - was fruity and flavorful, so good!
Sparkling - light and apple tasting - was soo good and refreshing!

All of this cost 4 of us $100 - so worth it!!!
Wow....  when you want true authentic Tapa's go here!!!  Was craving the great tapa's you can get in Spain and found this place by accident.  This was the best accident we have ever had!!  The manchego mac n cheese is to die for.  The Stuffed Dates wrapped in bacon, the tomato biscue and and and and..................   Everything was fantastic!  I only rate a 4 because the dining room was just OK.  Appropriate decor but be a little better.  Staff was also great!  We also eat here on our way out of Vegas.  Save the best for last.
My only complaint about this restaurant is that it's not located right next to my house!   We normally visit Cafe Ba-ba-Reeba on the Strip when we go to Vegas because the food was great and we had our wedding reception there.  Unfortunately, no one else appreciated it as much as us because they closed Ba-ba-reeba down and put some boring Mexican food place there.  My husband suggested we go to Firefly instead, and WOW - this is the best tapas EVER!  We tried 8 items total, including a salad, and every single thing was incredible.  I only wish I hadn't been so full because I would have ordered even more.  Our waiter was very friendly, and there are multiple people running food and helping out so we were never wanting.  The atmosphere was cool and lively without being too much.  Prices are great too - our entire bill with food, a pitcher of sangria (yum!), and tip was right around 100 bucks.  We will definitely go here again - and you should too!
So... there was no seating available indoors, so my girlfriend and I agreed to sit outdoors. I don't know about you, but it's very hard for me to enjoy a meal (or anything) in 120 degree weather... until Firefly. 

You are amazing.
I do love Firefly and although this past event was for a big group I was slightly disappointed thus the four star rating.  

Although I received lots of attention and great service, it turns out the far end of my table was and felt a little neglected.  While I was getting ample bread, plenty of refills and attentive answers to my requests for more dishes the rest of the table was struggling for attention.  

As for the food I do have a favorite new dish in Pulpo Asado which was a grilled version of octopus that came with lentils and an excellent choice for my diet.  The splurge I had was the Epanadas that were slightly dry but still flavorful and well accompanied by the aioli sauce on top.  

Overall my glass was full and my stomach was satisfied but for a big group things could've been managed far better.  I won't stop coming here but I certainly will limit the size of my party in the future.
Awesome Awesome Awesome!!! Firefly's is delicous!!! Great food, great enviroment, great drinks, friendly and great service! What more can a girl ask for? The food here can only be described as orgasmic!!! Im a vegetarian, so it's great to go to a place that has delicous food for EVERYONE! Trust me... the food IS ORGASMIC!
I've had Firefly food at events, but have not yet graced them with a visit. Our Yelparazzi Angela H.'s farewell party was reason enough to head down for Yelpacious Dishes. 

I came late so I didn't order too much, but grabbed:

 Boquerones which has Spanish white anchovies (not the salted kind), red peppers, avocado and light chili oil drizzle on toast...said it has yellow pepper vin in the menu, but didn't see it on there? Overall, this is nice and really is a no fail dish. I love any kind of briny, lemony fish on crusty bread. 

Pulpo Asado which has grilled octopus, potato, tomato stirred in what taste like mojo (garlic, oil and citrus). Pretty good, but there is a consistency that is a bit soft/mushy on parts of the octopus that either tells me this was frozen too long or was precooked/overcooked (octo gets tough and chewy, then gets soft if you keep going). The flavors were good, but there was just the freshness aspect that I question since some pieces didn't have that octopi snappy chewiness. 

Banana Nutella Sandwiches- simple, good....who doesn't like nutella, bananas and crispy grilled up bread? I can make this at home ( I shouldn't- Nutella and I have a dangerous romance) , but this is a ingenious comfort dessert that appeals to a lot of people. 

I got an ice tea and I know we were a big party, but service please? .....maybe refill us? I got one refill of tea in a wine size glass and I did have to ask for it. Someone said that one end of the table got bread, but the other table didn't. Also that some people got some refills, but most didn't. They got 20% gratuity automatically because we were a big crowd. Sure it's a given tip, but if you work a little you might get some extra tip. Looked like the server was expecting more when we asked for change back and there was nothing inside the tab. I'm a very fair tipper (I go up or down from my standard 20%, last place I ate at- they received 30% tip ) and no, I did not think 20% gratuity was even fair if I can't get some tea in 100*+ heat. 

 I just didn't think Firefly was very accommodating. Firstly, they told us that a majority of the party needs to be there on time or they are giving out table away in 15 minutes. We planned this weeks ago, it's a Yelp event, so people will show. It's my fucking main bitches party, I'll come even if I got a leg amputated hat day dammit.  They wont split checks for a group of maybe 18 Yelpers, not even maybe split into smaller sections so it's easier to pay. We had to work it out with cash and do the math to get the bill right. So keep that in mind if you're coming in a big party- don't invite the bill moocher friend...I know everyone has one.

 This would make a good date night restaurant with the BF or a spot to bring visitors during "off" hours.  Tapas is one of my favorite things so the draw of sangria and plates will eventually bring me back, but I wont be back with a big party- ever.
I went to Firefly for the UYE, but my schedule didn't allow me to stay for the group so I went a little early.

I got there at 5pm, and had no problem snagging a stool at the bar. They run a Happy Hour from 4-6 with half priced drinks, and I must say the Mojitos were really good.

This summer I decided I'm gonna try Mojitos whenever possible and have been drinking my way across town, I have to say Firefly's are top notch.

I had the Pomegranate and the Watermelon Mojitos, both were hand muddled, the Pomegranate included Pomegranate Juice, while the watermelon one included some watermelon syrup that made it taste just like a Jolly rancher.

They also had Sangria that looked amazing, but I wasn't really in a wine type of mood.

As for eats I had the Meatballs, i think there were 6 meatballs that were served in a tomato sauce and topped with Parmesan cheese, the meatballs weren't anything super fancy but good, but the sauce and cheese were great.

I also had their Tomato Basil Soup- The soup was amazing, you could really taste both the tomato and the basil. It came with a Bire grilled cheese that was surprisingly good, I'm usually not a Brie fan, but this was a very delicious companion to the soup.

The bread and olives that they serve is a nice touch, the compound garlic butter was amazing, and it was a great starter to the meal.

I will be going back and trying my way across the drink and tapas menu, undoubtedly during happy hour!!!
Came here the other night for Angela H's UYE goobye party.

I wasn't all that hungry so I ordered the Tuna Tartare and the Ceviche. Both were yummy!! I shared em with Lisa L. and tried some of the dishes she ordered. I don't remember which ones they were, but they were good too.

I had some sangria and some mojitos to drink. Both were great!

The staff was all friendly and came by often to check if we needed more drinks or food.

I had an awesome time here with the Yelp-izzles and also met D from LA.
I live two blocks from this place and had yet to go.  But if your going to Firefly it up, the first time is always better with the Yelperazzi Posse for Angela H's Adios Fiesta. 

I love me some tapas or I like to refer to as the spanish version of dim-sum.  I've had great sangrias back in NYC and SF, so my expectations were high.  The sangrias are very good and nicely chilled and had plenty of fruit, absolutely order a pitcher or three.  I could've downed a whole pitcher by myself!

The Tuna tartare which was really good with sliced mangoes on top.  I also tried the Chorizo Clams which was kind of bland...probably wouldn't order that one again.  Veggie empanadas were good, but I don't think I've ever had a bad empanada that I wouldn't destroy.  

Unfortunately I missed out on the 3-6 happy hour but great to know for next time and look forward to checking out the downtown location also.
A couple of dishes disappointed me this past weekend, but I still had a wonderful time at Firefly.

Tip: They do not accept reservations for parties of less than 10 on Fridays and Saturdays, and this place can get really pack. I highly recommend going before 7:30 P.M, or you're going to wait 30 minutes for 2 people, and more depending on the size of your party.

I ordered the Paella (my favorite dish) and it did not disappoint me again. For $18, you get a well made dish and a lot of food here. You can easily share this dish with 4 people. Since it was my favorite dish, I ate 75% of it.   5 / 5 Stars

Do not order the fries here. The portion of the fries were generous (a basket actually), but it was not prepared well at all. McDonald's fries are out of this world when you compare them to Firefly. 1.5 / 5 stars 

-Empanadas:  first time eating Empanadas and I actually liked it.  The ground meat inside had a nice textured and it was stuffed inside a pie-like crust. 3.5 / 5 stars

-Mac & Cheese: Macaroni Shells were used in this dish, a little different, but I was fine with it. I would probably avoid ordering this simply because it wasn't as cheesy as I would like, and it definitely did not have a thick crispy layer of cheese crust. 2 / 5 stars

-Stuffed Dates: I actually enjoyed my dates a little more this trip. I definitely enjoyed biting into the almond and tasting bacon at the same time. 4 / 5 stars.

Watermelon Mojita like mostly reviews mentioned, tasted a lot like a Jollyrancher. I'm not a fan of this drink. I would avoid ordering, and stick with the Sangria. 2 / 5 stars

For dessert, I had the Bread Pudding and it came out cold. I spoke to the server and they corrected it. It was my 2nd time trying this dessert, a lot better the first time. 3.5 / 5 stars
Normally I do not review places with so many reviews already that I agree with.  But my Mom and I went, enjoyed our dishes, and my Mom talked about the Sangria for 4 days.  I don't drink, so I have to take her word for it.
This is a great place for authentic spanish tapas!

I am a big fan of their Ham and cheese croquetas (which is cerrano ham with Manchego cheese), seafood paella, ceviche with shrimp, and Lamb skewers. Also, as I have said in my yelps before... I put a big emphasis  on how a restaurant closes the experience with their desserts. I am absolutely in love with their chocolate tres leches cake. It is so soft and moist. It tastes almost as if the cake had been soaked in the milk for an hour. Also, their sangrias are very refreshing, and not too strong if you need to drive home. 

I like the upbeat atmosphere, but their latin night can get a little too loud.  Skip on the Latin night if you plan on having a date night here. Gets a bit smokey as well, since they allow smoking inside. Seating can be tight, since it is a fairly small venue. And parking can be a bit crazy on the weekends, especially since they share the parking lots with Marrakesh, Ruth Chris, and Satay Grill.
This is definitely in my top 5 restaurants in Las Vegas. Firefly is a great restaurant for when your in the mood for something different from the norm. There's is a wait once in a while but nothing outrageous from my experience. The outdoor dining is my favorite any time of year, they have warmers in the winter time to make it just the right temperature. For the record I actually enjoy it a little cold so take that into consideration. When you sit outside you kinda feel like you aren't even in Vegas. With a delicious Mojito in your hands and the green grass and trees along the side of the dining area blocking off the road, it's a good little escape. The inside dining area is nice as well but I just prefer the outdoors. One side of the indoor dining looks like a comfy lounge with couches and tables and the other side is like a slightly crowded restaurant with a bar on one side. 

       Now to the more important part. The food! It's awesome! I have to order the herb roasted chicken every time. It's a half a chicken bursting with flavor. It's delicious and tender, falling off the bone. It also comes with their absolutely incredible firefly fries. They are great. They have a nice flavor and a little bit of shredded, melty cheese here and there. I recommend it highly. I also suggest the short ribs which are also incredibly tender and delicious. The machengo mac n cheese is worth checking out. I get it every once in a while. It's hot and cheesy. A little too rich to eat for one person. But to share it's good, and sharings kinda the point at a tapas joint. My Ex-girlfriend who, I exposed this place to, loved the chicken salad as well. That's the dish she has to order each time. 

     The prices aren't outrageous especially for the food quality and ambiance. 
  
  Overall, Firefly is a great date place, friend hang out, and business lunch spot all at the same time. And though the tapas can easily add up, especially with a number of mojitos thrown in, it's not too outrageous or out of line. You definitely need to check it out at least once. Plus it's close enough to the strip if you're just here on vacation. Don't let the summerlin location put you off to this one. This one is far better!
*3.5 *
I yelped this place upon a quick decision to stay in Las Vegas. We always stay at a Marriot, and who knew it'd be walking distance? Score. We walked in easily at 6:45pm--seated with water too. Out of a party of 7, each ordered two tapas, then a paella. Favorites: warm spinach salad, lentil and veggies, veg tempura, firefly fries and mac and cheese. The dessert tapas are good too, we had the pistachio, choc and vanilla gelato, nutella/banana sandwiches, and the lemon berry tartlets. Not a really a family friendly restaurant, favors the lounging/bar types, however come early and savor the happy hours specials, prob one of the best deals in this two star town.
Excellent flavors. Stuffed Dates and Terra y Mare Skewers were my favorites. Packed with flavor. The sauce on the Terra y Mare Skewers was delicious. The Smoked Salmon Toasts were pretty average but tasty with the capers. And the Empanadas were only average. The ground meat inside wasn't that impressive, and the aioli on top was a negative for me but I'm not a fan of mayonnaise-based sauces.

Berry and lychee infused vodka. Sounds good. Love lychee. But didn't love this housemade vodka.

They have a small patio seating area, which would be fun to sit at when it's cooler (not in the middle of summer), so keep that in mind when planning a visit to this tapas restaurant. There's also a main dining area and bar with a detached dining area next door. Dark ambience and not really a good place for little kids with the squished seating.

Lemon berry tartlets for dessert were excellent but a tapas sized portion. Enough to clean the palate and satisfy a sweet craving but not nearly enough if you like to have your large-portion dessert at the end of a meal. 

Overall, it was great as a food experience. If you're sick of eating at the big expensive steak restaurants on the strip, try this place.
This is truly a 5-star experience for those of you who are (like me) out-of-towners with very Vegas-specific criteria, such as:

(1) Organizing a large group dinner - I did two separate bachelorette party dinners here (groups of 8 and 14), both on Saturday nights. (Note: They do not take reservations at this location for less than 10 but our group of 8 got seated pretty quickly in the bar area when we got there around 7:30pm.)

(2) On a tight budget but still want really good food - Both times, we stuffed ourselves and still managed to spend less than $25/person on food (about $30/person if you include drinks), inclusive of tax/tip. I am a foodie and so were a lot of the other girls, and everyone absolutely loved this place because the food is such a great value.

(3) Fun vibe - It's pretty casual here and it was divier than I expected, but I liked it. It's popular with locals, but not the type that make you feel lame for being all dressed up for a bachelorette party. (All the workers at the Trump, where we were staying, and our cab drivers, kept telling us "great pick!" when we told them where we were going.)

(3) Excellent, extremely accommodating service -  For my dinner for 14, they asked me sign a contract to guarantee at least $35/person (not including tax/tip), but did not require a credit card. We ordered as much food and drinks as we could but couldn't hit the $35/person mark before tax/tip, but they were okay with that because they could tell we weren't trying to to be cheap. Also, our server was awesome and helped me keep track of my costs so I wouldn't go over budget. He'd literally say "You just ordered a mojito pitcher. You are now at $253.53". He also gave great recommendations for how many of each item to order.

(4) Delicious drinks - The sangria is some of the best I've ever had, and the mojito pitchers are excellent as well.

(5) Don't mind a short cab ride off the strip - It's worth it if you're budget-conscious, trust me. It was only $15/cab, about 10 minutes from the Wynn side of the strip. It is a little hard to get a cab back, but the restaurant will call you one; or, just walk over to the steakhouse next door and grab one that's dropping someone off. 

(6) Relatively quick meal so you can hit the club early and not have to wait in a long-ass line -- The food comes fast, just perfect for an 8 or 8:30pm reservation so by the time you're done and head back to the strip, you have time to do last-minute touch-ups in the hotel bathroom before you hit the clubs.

P.S. I also looked at the downtown location, but a few friends that have gone said the ambiance is not as good.

P.P.S. What to order - everything was delicious and easily shared; I esp. loved the bacon wrapped dates, meat skewers, paella, croquettes . . . like I said, everything! And don't forget to take a doggy-bag for leftovers -- they keep well, esp. at 5am after a night out clubbing ;)
Authentic, delicious, and above all affordable tapas off-strip in Las Vegas. We got a table for 10 same day, without any complications, and tried just about every dish. Without fail, they were incredible, and the service was attentive without being intrusive. I'd like to plug their sangria--red is the best, but if you're looking for something a bit sweeter, the white works as well. The only reason this isn't a five-star review is the overpowering peach flavor of their sparkling sangria.
my boyfriend's cousin brought us here when we visited in may/june right before we hit the clubs. the food is amazing. i love mushrooms and the mushroom tart was GREAT! i can't wait to eat here again.

although it does get a bit crowded. there were tables outside too and we were right next to the door and everytime the waiter went out the door, a gush of hot wind blew in. all in all the food was bomb.
GOOD SANGRIAS! GOOD TAPAS!

my friends from Vegas took me to a locals spot away from the strip. It was interesting because i never went anywhere outside of the strip before it was like a totally different city..less chaotic it was like a normal city.

 We went on a Wednesday and we had to wait an hour to a hour and a half for a table!  I wanted to go somewhere else but they said it was worth the wait. While we waited we ordered a pitcher of Red Sangria. One pitcher for the four of us and we each got about two cups each. It was a pretty good deal!  i thought the red sangria was just "okay" maybe because i am a noob when it comes to drinking wine and i believe the wine they used for the sangria was a dry red wine. 

when we finally got a table i ordered a glass of white sangria, it was sweeter and less dry, it was very delicious! and  it has little apple pieces in  floating on top.  There was also apples in the red sangria but i didn't really pay attention to it because it kind of blended in.i was impressed at the fact the make the sangrias everyday at the restaurant. 

we ordered the ceviche and some kind of carne on a stick? it was well seasoned and it complemented the sangria we were drinking. everything was very delicious 

next time i go to Vegas i am mos def coming back here!
This place is amazing!
The chef is outstanding! The staff is super helpful and all the food and drinks are amazing.
This tapas bar located a little off the strip is another reason why I miss living in Vegas ,this place gets pretty packed and is a good mix of locals and toursist. I have hit up this spot many a night with groups of people to enjoy the ambiance and of course the food. Their sangria is absolutely amazing and is THE way to start of the Firefly experience, some of my favs on the menu are the pork empanadas, the petite filet, the filet mignon sliders AND....the BACON WRAPPED DATES...augghhhh it pains me how good these morsels are because they are so simple. Just give me these and a pitcher of sangria and I'm good to go!
Tight crowded setting, but a lot of tasty dishes make this a great place to stop in. I could see having a poor meal here if you got unlucky in ordering, the shrimp ceviche, Thai beef salad, and crispy duck rolls were decidedly below average when I tried them. They do have a lot of really tasty stuff on the menu though, the stuffed dates, albondigas, and babyback ribs are standouts that I really enjoyed.
Firefly is about as good as it gets! A well-kept secret that just might soon become Vegas' most popular restaurant. We are locals and had heard how good this place was, and guess what? it was ALL true. There is nothing to not love about Firefly. Mojitas and Sangrias are excellent. Bacon-wrapped dates are sublime. The service was flawless - our waiters Ladell and Alex G. were on it the entire time - nonstop. Overall, a terrific experience! Highly recommended.
Go during happy hour. The drinks are half price and the restaurant is less crowded.

The mango mojito was the best that I've ever tasted.

We ordered a lot of food and couldn't finish everything, so I'll just review the favorites. The mac 'n cheese was extra cheesy and creamy. The vegetables and lentils had a fresh citrus flavor. My boyfriend liked the duck dumplings, but thought that they had too much sauce (I'm sure that you could ask the chef to go light on the sauce). The ham and cheese croquets were my boyfriend's favorite. They looked like gourmet tater tots and were very creamy.

Even though we were stuffed I ordered the caramel flan for dessert. It wasn't that gelatinous stuff that you get a Chevy's. It was delightfully creamy and smooth.

Go to Firefly even though it's not on the strip. Share a taxi with some friends and it will be well worth it.
Best tapas in Vegas. I've been to that one on the Strip and one in Town Square and those were over priced and so-so on taste, but Firefly has remained continually good! I've been going to Firefly for years and never get tired of their variety of dishes. Their sangria and mojitos are also some of the best I've ever had. They also have the best variety on their menu.
I like this place and it seems very popular. The crowd is young and attractive. The culinary fair is of course "tapas" or what i consider tasty appetizer dishes where one orders in a way similar to a sushi bar.

I mostly enjoyed what I had, although, some in my party complained about the tapas being overly rich with shortening. I must concede some were. Over all I like the place and the young crowd.

I like the stuffed dates.

Parking can be intimidating.
Still in my top 5 favorite restaurants.  I brought 4 new people here and they raved about the variety and creativeness of the tapas.  Pitchers of mojito's rolled and we finished with some tres leches and flan.  what a killer place.  I hear they opened another location in DT LV.  I'll have to try that next time.  My go to place when in sin city.
Went to Las Vegas for a bachelorette party with 15 girls and didn't know where to go to dinner before we went out clubbing. Asked a friend who is a native to Las Vegas and she recommended FireFly Tapas Restaurant. 

I am sooooooo happy that she recommended this place!!! We were able to book through their party planners, Regina and Valeria, and they really set us up to have an amazing evening. We did the $55 per person set menu and this included 2 hours of unlimited drinks and 6 choices of tapas items. 

We picked 6 different tapas items and they brought them out unlimited. Every single item that we ordered was OUTSTANDING!!! I honestly can't pick which item was better than the other. We had the Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Dates, Camarones a la Diabla, Eggplant Canneloni, Ahi Tuna Skewers, Terra y Mar Skewers and the Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms. They were all AMAZING!!!

All of the drinks were great, but I do have to say the Sparkling Sangria was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!! It was delicious!!!

Then, for dessert, they brought out cupcakes that were appropriate for "bachelorette" parties only...This was a cute little twist on dessert and just another way they were able to make our night so special!

I have to say, Regina and Valeria were extremely flexible with our reservation and the entire experience was amazing! They were willing to move the time around to accommodate us and make sure everything was perfect. 

We had Ivan as our server and he was outstanding as well! The service was impeccable. Ivan and a few other food runners were constantly at our table making sure every girl had a full drink in their hand at all times. He was there at a moment's notice with anything anybody requested!

I have to say that this was just an amazing experience and I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Las Vegas. I hope that they open them up all over because I can't wait to go back!!!!
This place is wonderful!! GREAT food, wonderful prices. A MUST go every VEgas trip.
This place is daddy! This is the best Tapas place in Vegas, hands down. What's nice about this place is it's not all touristy etc. This is more of a locals hangout spot. Lot's of sexiness there, so you may wanna throw on some Cologne for this one. 

My Favs: 

Dates wrapped in Bacon 
Thai Beef Salad 
Baked Tetilla 
Meatballs 
Chicken Skewers 
Duck Rolls 
Merguez 
Cherry Bread Pudding 

Its right across the street from the Hard Rock.
Very convenient to the downtown/fremont st. hotels, with a view of the fremont st. light show (the restaurant is on the second floor of the building).  Waiters were very attentive to our large group and the food was very tasty.   However, if you're used to tapas in other places, where the operative word is 'small', watch out - Vegas does everything big and that includes tapas.  I ended up with about twice as much food as I expected.
This place is definitely one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Whenever visitors come, i tell them they should stop by this place. In fact, we went this past Saturday and had the stuffed dates, the Machengo mac and cheese, the ceviche, 2 orders of the sliders, the chicken skewers, and the mussels. There was a pitcher of Sangria as well as several other desserts. Oh and somehow we fit in banana-nutella sandwiches, chocolate bread pudding and lemon berry tarts. Everyone loved everything. This is no joke. I do not lie about food lol. For 6 adults, this was sooo filling and our bill was about $120.
Yep - pretty awesome food and priced like it's in a strip mall.   Oh yeah, it's IN a strip mall.

Seriously, the almond butter that comes with the bread is probably my favorite thing.  The bacon wrapped dates seem to be the most popular, but I think that is just because they are not typical.  I also tried the sliders, mac and cheese, empanadas, ribs, and meatballs.  All of them were above average, but not necessarily spectacular.  They have 3 kinds of sangria which is a nice change, although I wonder how much non red sangria they sell.

This place is pretty casual and works best in multiples of 2.  All the dishes come in 2 or 4 pieces which is something to be aware of...so if you have 3 people, you gotta order double of everything.  

Finally....   Yes it is worth the trip off of the main drag.
Thank you, Yelpers, for helping us find this restaurant.  What a great place! Eight of us went for a birthday celebration on August 19.   So how do you do tapas for 8 people?  Order one of nearly everything, cut it up to share bites and then just order more of whatever was favored.  The table was seriously overflowing with food.  

The big favorites for our table were the Manchego Mac n Cheese, the Lamb chops (my 12 year old wanted her own order),  Stuffed Dates,  Terra y Mare skewers and Ham and Cheese Croquetas.   We also had the Firefly fish sticks, Fried Calamari, Camarones a la diabla, Camarones al ajillo, filet mignon sliders, crispy duck rolls, Baked Tetilla and Albondigas.  I know we had more but I can't remember.  I just recall enjoying every bite and being so full that we couldn't try dessert.   Oh, wait, they did bring a flan for the birthday guest.  Tasty!!

This will be a regular stop on our Vegas trips whether for sangria, mojitos and few bites, or to pig out like we did.   For me personally, I'll order the Manchego Mac n Cheese, the lamb chops and the Terra y Mare skewers again and then I'll try some of the other items and work my way through the menu.  Next time I'm definitely trying the Roasted Eggplant Canneloni - just no room for it this time.  

Tapas was a new concept for my mom.  She couldn't quite understand small plates of food to share.  I told her it was like Spanish dim sum and she instantly understood.   

For those of you new to the concept of tapas - start with just two or three menu items to share and hold on to a menu.  Try it.  Like it?  Order another or try something else.  You could seriously just keep ordering another item, and then another, and then another.   My 9 and 12 year olds even enjoyed it.   Good food - nothing pretentious or fancy, just good comfort-style food..
We actually ventured off the strip and made our way to Firefly that was recommended to us by a friend who lives in Vegas. 
The first and most annoying part of this restaurant is the staff who answers the phone and act as the first faces who greet you as you come in. Pretty much everyone had a bit of an attitude with us. They would also reiterate that there are NO RESERVATIONS taken here. Once we arrived, we asked about possibly waiting for one of the table up front that had some nice loungey (is that a real word?) couches and were told that you had to call ahead for that!  Hellooooo thats usually a reservation right? So weird. 

The food itself was pretty tasty but your usual tapas, nothing too unique. The sangria was great. 

I would recommend this restaurant for a quick bite and a drink but wouldnt really go out of my way to go again.
LUNCH REVIEW

First off - No air conditioning in the afternoon in July in Vegas? You got to be kidding me.  At one point we thought we felt some air coming on, but it was so light we weren't sure if we were simply imagining it.  Sorry, but I got to dock you a star just for that.

Second - They had like one waiter for the entire room. There were a couple of bus boys and a bartender, but they were useless when it came to things like getting our check. We pretty much had to rely on flagging down the hostess because the ONE waiter kept disappearing in the back.  Took forever to get out of there once we ate.
HOWEVER, I can't dock them any points because they made up for it by being honest on the check - I did my math wrong and wrote an extra $10 for the total.  If they had taken that extra $10, that would be another story.

Now, FINALLY, on to the FOOD.
Starter plate of BREAD. (Don't know why they give you this as half their dishes come with the exact same bread anyway.) This starter plate of bread was stale. Eww. The bread that came with other dishes was less stale, but still not very delicious. However, the SWEET BUTTER was delicious.  Better than the apple butter at Lucille's.

The Good:
GARDEN VARIETY SALAD - I liked this salad.  It had a good blend of sweet and sour, but I loved the addition of the feta cheese. Mmm. Somehow the feta just made it work.

FRIED CALAMARI - Fried pretty well, and I loved their sauce. It was something creamy and no doubt filled with fat, but who cares when you're in Vegas?

CAMARONES AL DIABLO/AL AJILLO - Diablo is chile and ajillo is garlic butter. Camarones is shrimp. I thought the chile sauce was outstanding. That sauce was so good, we were dipping everything in it, and thankfully they give you plenty of sauce to work with!  The garlic butter I thought was okay - nothing special but not bad either. If you love garlic like I do, it might be a bit light for you.

FRIES - Good, but nothing compares to the Boiling Crab's cajun fries. NOTHING. (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-boiling-crab-garden-grove-2)
Definitely try the dipping sauce that comes with it (looked like the sauce that came with the calamari, but I can't be sure if they're the same or not.)

The meh:
The DUCK ROLL was only okay. I didn't particularly enjoy the sauce - I thought it was a little too sour. 

THAI BEEF SALAD - dressing was a little too salty for my tastes, but the beef was pretty tender and even better when we dipped it in the AL DIABLO sauce.

BAKED ATILLA - Cheese fondue with sausage? How can you go wrong?  Well, by using a really bitter cheese. If you like that sort of thing, go for it - otherwise, stay away.

PAELLA - I love the idea of paella, but I seem to have a hard time finding paella that I actually like.  The flavor always seems to be a bit off.  Don't know if it's just me being incompatible with the authentic flavors or what, but yeah.  I honestly didn't like the flavors here too much, but the rice was the perfect texture (I hate when it's too soggy) and the seafood was fresh.

Dessert:
PASSIONFRUIT CHEESECAKE - it's less sweet than the others, so if you get other desserts, eat this first. 

TRES LECHES CHOCOLATE - MMMM. Not too sweet or too rich, and it's got lots of cocoa flavor.

FLAN - Good, but not quite rich enough. Caramel was pretty awesome though.

LEMON-BERRY TART - rock hard but good with the condensed milk.

Note: They play their music kind of loud - It was just on this side of unbearable for me (but note that I have a low tolerance for decibel levels).  Late night when the place is packed would probably be worse with people trying to talk over it.  I did like the music though - they mostly played world music with a Spanish feel.
Firefly is my favorite place in Vegas for dinner... If you love tapas, or have never tried it, this is the place to go. You can make reservations online or call the restaurant ahead of time to reserve seating. I love their Shrimp Ceviche and Empanadas! 

Draw backs to this place- it's a small venue, so expect to be packed into a small table and the service is hit or miss. Otherwise, the food is awesome and worth the trip off the strip!
Great food in small and very affordable. Atmosphere is relaxing and entertaining.  If you like Sangia,this place the best. I recommend to try everything in the menu. You won 't be disappointed.
Went here the other night on a date and even though the date was only mediocre the food and drinks were good!  

I started off with the sparkling sangria which was tasty.  We ordered the stuffed dates (can't wait to have again...YUM!), terra y mare skewers (my date really liked those...me not as much), empanadas (delish!), sliders (I didn't try, but he didn't really care for them....yet still ate 2/3 of them), and the shrimp tempura (Yuck!  It definitely didn't seem like tempura...the batter was too thick and the shrimp is usually halved isn't it?!).  

The service was good...she kept checking back with us.  I should have had 3 or 4 drinks instead the 2 I had.  Maybe I would've liked my date more?!  HAHA

Oh, and on a prior visit I had the tomato soup with the brie grilled cheese sandwich...very tasty!
Good variety of tapas, service can be slow to nonexisting when its crowded, which is often the case at lunch time. Get there early!
Firefly is one of those off-the-strip places that Vegas locals love.  It's a tapas bar (not to be confused with topless bar) serving up Spanish small plates packed with big flavors.  The sangria is plentiful, the music is loud and the place is always busy, especially late at night. So don't be surprised if there's a wait at 1am on a week night.  It's a cool place to grab a bite, a drink, or have a full-on meal.  Since the dishes are small and reasonably priced, it's great for sharing and trying a variety of things. Me and the hubs have always had a huge soft spot for Firefly.

Our Favorites:
Red Sangria- fruity but strong. My absolute favorite sangria in the world... (and I've studied abroad in Spain!)

Filet mignon sliders $7.50-  Serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions

Manchego Mac and cheese $8

Ham and cheese croquetas $5 - fried pillowy bites of potato filled with hot melted cheese and ham... this is a must!

Albondigas $4.50- meatballs in sherry tomato sauce, parmesan

Baked tetilla $7- roasted tomato and tetilla cheese fondue with chorizo, toasts... oooooh baby good

Crispy duck rolls with cherry hoisin sauce $8

Firefly Fries $5.50- some of the best fries I've had.  Thinly cut, seasoned and topped with parmesan and herbs.  The aioli is worth licking the cup clean.

Firefly has opened another location in downtown LV because they are THAT awesome.  Maybe they'll be spreading the love this direction sometime soon? Fingers crossed.
Found out about this place on Yelp - the wifey and I gave it a spin!!! Wow the food was amazing the Sliders!! The camarones a la diabla, were the bomb!! The house specialty was great - ask the staff to make the recommendation!! Outstanding service!
not sure why this place has so many decent reviews.
the 1 star just goes to the sangria and that is it.
food was not memorable, food was not appetizing to eat or to look at.
service was horrible...
do not come here........ i came here because i was told its a good local spot..... but stick to the strip with all the amazing chefs at the hotels....
I felt we were paying largely for the atmosphere. The patio was packed when we arrived and the inteior has nice decorations with red being the primary theme. The candles are a nice touch and make the open seating feel a little more intimate. The front waiting area is like a lounge. The bar was well attended and looked well stocked. 

When we arrived, I ordered a cappuccino and my boyfriend had a beer. He didn't like the beer very much so he downed it quickly and we ordered mojitos. I got the blood orange while he had the mango. I liked the tartness of the blood orange and the texture was nice- like it had some pulp in it which I enjoy. The mango mojito was a bit too sweet, though. 

We started with the tuna tartare. Obviously stuffed into a tuna can and flipped onto the plate, it's layers of fresh tuna with mango, avocado and a little seasoning plus some taro chips to scoop with. This was a highlight to the meal. 

After the tartare we had the ham and cheese croquettes. They came in a serving of 3, which I thought was odd. They looked slightly burnt on the outside but were creamy and tasty on the inside. The sauce was rich, but the portion size was awkward and a bit small. The risotto balls at Ferraro's or croquettes elsewhere are better.

Then came the sirloin sliders. Tasty, but not particularly memorable. 

The crispy duck was burnt and had too much sesame. Not something I'd order again and a bit disappointing. The portion was small and it was sloppily sliced. 

The lamb chops with lentils were the other highlight. The meat was tender and the lentils with veggies were flavorful. The portion was small but balanced by the lentils. 

The mushooms stuffed with chicken and chorizo were boring. We didn't like the cheese on top and the chorizo flavor was weak. Not something we'd order again.

Overall, it ended up being expensive for what was essentially fancy bar food. I might give them a second chance some day and try the other dishes I hadn't gotten to sample, but I'm in no hurry. We weren't impressed.
Was just in Vegas first Monday night football  at Happy hour and boy was I happy ok more like extremely happy the food the bartender Aaron and the drinks! Were absolutely fantastic! Ive been there before but if at all possible better than the first time! I'm a Veg Head now and everything was out of this world... Mojitos OK omg! Ill jus say blueberry! Aaron rocked our mojito world! OK i say one more Paradise took me to the Bahamas in seconds! Everything on the menu amazing you cant go wrong! Thanks to Rachel Rays $40 a day from yrs ago I'm glad I found this spot locals are sooooooo LUCKY! Thank you Firefly  and Aaron for a wonderful meal and fabulous drinks!
Killing time playing Blackjack on a Saturday night before 8 pm dinner reservations at Firefly, we mentioned to our pert little dealer we were dining there.  "I *love* that place!"  she squealed, "Get the mac 'n' cheese!"  When we piled into the taxi later and told our driver, "Firefly on Paradise," he crowed, "That place is great!  Get the mac 'n' cheese!"

Dinner at Firefly (which SIL found through Yelp) was for husband's birthday bash.  SIL had been working with the the manager via e-mail for weeks to arrange a group dinner for 13 of us.  For 2 hours and $50 a head, we could eat as many of the 6 pre-selected tapas (which SIL had chosen after reading the hundreds of Yelp reviews) we wanted, and drink as much alcohol as we desired.  SIL said that dealing with the manager through e-mails to arrange dinner had been a pleasure -- smooth and easy.

We started with fresh bread and ramekins of almond butter.  Which was not the almond version of peanut butter I was expecting, but butter blended with crushed almonds, slightly sweet and delicious.  The tapas we sampled were:

1) Dates stuffed with smoked almonds, wrapped in bacon, and drizzled with a red wine reduction and blue cheese crumbles.  The combos of salty and sweet, chewy and crunchy, were really pleasing.

2) Veggie empanadas -- airy, thin, crisp pastry filled with spinach, mushroom, artichoke, and herbed cream cheese, covered with red pepper aioli.  Remarkably interesting and flavorful.

3)  Steak and mushroom skewers -- grilled filet, button 'shrooms, roast garlic cream, and a red wine reduction.  Meat itself was a bit tough but tasted good, and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.  Garlic cream was a phenomenal foil to the dish.

4) Steamed babyback ribs with mango BBQ sauce.  Nice flavor, falling off the bone tender, but really fatty like a lot of ribs.

5) Camarones a la diabla -- shrimp in a *spicy* chile sauce served with grilled bread. My personal favorite tapas.  Burn-your-lips spicy (in a great way) and explosive with flavor.  Shrimp were plump, juicy, and cooked just right.

And finally...the pice de rsistance: 

6) Manchego mac 'n' cheese.  After all the build up, after all the recommendations, you could practically here the "womp wommp" hovering over the table as we sampled it.  Sundried tomatoes were a great, flavorful addition, and the dish itself tasted good.  But it was soupy and not nearly as fabulous as we'd expected.  

Dessert was small plates of caramel flan, chocolate tres leches cake, and banana Nutella sandwiches.  All three were delicious.

We drank our fill of white and red sangrias, pitchers of mojitos, and bottles of wine and beer.  Service was wonderfully attentive and efficient.  Atmosphere was like a neighborhood bar: loud, crowded, and boisterous, everyone enjoying themselves immensely.  Ambiance was laid-back, very casual, and comfortable.  We were *so* glad we got off the Strip on this visit to enjoy a local favorite!  We weren't disappointed.

[15 Minutes of Fame: "Rachael Ray's $40 a Day"]
Off the strip and on point.  This place simply rocks when it comes to good tapas style food.  We went there twice during our stay, and if I had more time, I would have gone back a third time.  We have had about 15 different dishes, and only two were in the "average" range, and I use that in comparison to the rest of the dishes.  

The standouts for me were the stuffed dates, the stuffed peppers, and the pork empanadas.  But I must also mention the chocolate tres leches cake.  Holy Moist Cake, Batman!  This was an excellent dessert.  Very rich and decadent, so you need to leave a little room for it.

They also have a homemade sangria that was really tasty.  I am not much of a sangria fan, but I enjoyed the sips from my wife's glass.  If you are even considering a sangria, get it.

Service was really good.  Very attentive and friendly.  The atmosphere fits the mood of the food, with some very attractive paintings that look a lot like Asencio, but not quite.  There were quite a few couples here, and the atmosphere is very inviting for a romantic evening.  Great place to impress a date. :)

Make a point to come here.
My overall experience here was a pleasant one! Service was exceptional (THANKS JESUS!), food was excellent & the atmosphere was far from the norm. Upon arrival, they start you off with a mini loaf of toasted sliced bread, a little bit of almond butter, & green olives. DELICIOUS! I didn't want to completely fill up on bread, but I was easily tempted. My favorite dish was the Veggie Empanadas! Absolutely the most hearty & savory out of all the plates we tried. Each bite was flaky, creamy & warm. In nature, I barely like any of the veggies that are apart of the stuffing. Thanks to these empanadas, I'll be giving mushrooms another chance! The Passion Fruit Mini Cheesecakes came in at a very close second place. The thickness of each little bite threw my taste buds for a loop- the exciting kind, like on rollercoasters! My only complaint is that some the portions could have been a little more robust. I'm well versed on the whole concept of tapas being small plates, but I feel like the big & thick flavors of a dish should make up for that. With only 1 drawback, I think my lunch at FIREFLY* was a success! I can't wait to go back & try more things!!!
The food was so good that I decided to start writing reviews on Yelp. The garlic shrimp was amazing! The Sangria with sparkling wine was great (I love girly drinks). We also had the filet mignon burger, lamb skewers, fries and another one of the meat skewers among three girls and the food was more than enough. They were all good but definitely recommend the garlic shrimp!
The food was very good, although I'm not sure you'd find "sliders" at a tapas bar in Spain. But, you know what, the sliders were good. So, "Yay, I'm a fan." Make sure you order a pitcher or Sangria. Be prepared for a wait. We saw people waiting outside for about an hour.
Food - 4 stars
Ambiance - 4 stars
Service - 2 stars

The good news - Firefly offers very tasty food at extremely reasonable prices and pretty big portions (way too big to be classified as actual tapas, but this is a good thing if you feel like tapas are too small, or if you have more than 2-3 people, which we did).  They have an excellent sparkling sangria (they have red & white too) which is also reasonably priced. The patio has a nice, relaxing vibe and the inside looked pretty cute too. 

Standouts:
Bacon wrapped stuffed dates- 
Machengo mac & cheese
Firefly fries
That almond butter that comes with the bread 

Good:
Paella
Tuna Tartare (I like that they use taro chips)
Meatballs
Sausage plate

OK:
Sardine toasts
Bread with tomatoes
Clams and chorizo
octopus salad


If the service wasn't so lackluster I would have given them 4 stars. Our waiter must have taken too many bong hits before his shift, because he was spacey as hell. He wasn't forthcoming with suggestions even though I asked him for some. And he must have been too high to realize, when we ordered all of our food, and I mean all of it, (do you see the list above?!) , that we didn't want all of it at one time.  He went away, I lit a cigarette, and one puff later, all of the dishes came out. My eyes made my stomach full pretty much instantly. The table groaned under the weight of our food. It didn't help when the rest of our party showed up and they had no room for plates- and then they told us that waiters ALWAYS tell them in the beginning to order a little at a time because it comes out very, very fast.

Then, as we worked furiously to eat so we could clear  some plates away....he never came to check on us and clear our plates. We had to flag the busboys down to make room, which I hate doing. He never brought out our stuffed mushrooms, but after trying to eat all of the food up above, I could care less. He came to check on us once, asked if we wanted a sangria pitcher, and then when we said we would wait until he had more room, he finally looked at the table and realized we had been there for 15 minutes and had dishes almost hanging off. "Oh...I'll see if anything is left and if it is I'll tell them to wait a bit". Um, thanks asshole. A little too late.

The chocolate tres leches cake was ok, but it was more like chocolate cake with some condensed milk thrown on top. There was no distinct layers of milk. My friend asked for cream for her coffee and he thought she wanted another cup and it took her 4 tries of saying cream before he got it. 

Seriously Firefly - you can feed me anyday. But start making sure your servers aren't stoned first.
I loved this restaurant! The environment was very conducive for a Bachelorette party. We were able to laugh, joke, talk, and not worry about disturbing others. I loved the pitchers of Mojitos and Sangria. VERY affordable. The waiting staff was very friendly and very quick in their service. I loved the way they delivered the food....food for every taste bud. Also, if you like trying new things..this was FREAKIN awesome!  Definitely a place I would go back to.
Terrific tapas!

There wasn't one dish that disappointed me. I was expecting to question a few of the plates we ordered but not a single one was lower than my expectations. In fact, most of them wow'd my taste buds. 
Mushroom and steak skewers were by far the tastiest dish of the evening. That sauce they are cooked in is absolutely amazing. 
Shrimp ceviche / tuna tartare were also very good. The mango salsa was a nice touch to the tartare and the tiger prawns in the ceviche really pleased the senses. 
Chorizo and chicken stuffed shrooms, I love you. 
Don't forget the delicious pitchers of mojitos and the firefly fries!
My meal at Firefly was the best in Vegas by far. I went with a couple girlfriends and from what I remember, we ordered:
- Firefly*fries (fairly good)
- Terra y Mare skewers (good)
- Filet mignon sliders (delicious!)

THE BEST dish was:
- Camarones al ajillo (shrimp in lemon-garlic butter sauce)

The sangria comes in red, white, and sparkling wine - I've tried all three before and sparkling is my favorite. 

The shrimp (as mentioned above) was so delicious it really blew us all away. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant and the wait was not long for us (5 mins) for a Saturday night in September.
I have eaten here once and refuse to go back; not because of the food (which was great) but because of the service, which was TERRIBLE. Our food took forever to arrive and when my friend went up to use the bathroom, the server snatched her plate away before I could say a word. I'm sorry, but when you are dropping 30-40 bucks between several small plates of food you should be able to actually EAT IT. We left a decent tip (20%) but as we were getting ready to go I saw our server talking to another server, pointing at us and his tip and smirking, like we didn't give him enough. He was lucky he got anything at all.  The only reason I don't give this place 1 star is because the food itself was very good. But from reading the reviews it sounds like the service here has been a problem for others as well.
Mmmmm tapas!!! 
Wait, did you say topless?! 

TAPAS! Appetizers, appetizers appetizers.... What's up with all the hate?? I love this place! I have been here plenty of times, but have yet to put in a review... why? I don't know.. I haven't been here in a while, so bear with me on the names of these tapas dishes.. 

So far my list my group has had: 
Drinks: Watermelon mojitos, regular mojitos, and mango mojitos. 

Food: Salted peppers (this is vague, but i really don't remember the name), Thai beef salad, chorizo and clams, mac n cheese, fire fries, vegetable empanadas, stuffed dates, Terra y mare skewers, 

Dessert: Passion fruit cheesecake, nutella sandwiches, Tresa leches cake 

Of these what I recommend: WATERMELON MOJITOS, sooo good. I may be biased for my love of mojitos, but this is the perfect drink for sitting on the crowded patio in the summer months. The chorizo and clams is really good, the flavor of the chorizo creates an amazing flavor to go along with the clams, and it comes with bread for dipping in the leftover broth. And for dessert, I feel they are ALL incredible (I would come here just for drinks and dessert), but I think the cheesecakes are amazing, so tiny, but bursting with flavor and the perfect cheesecake-y creaminess. I would like to call it the best cheesecake I have ever had;] 

I have seen a lot of comments on the service... but I feel this is unjust. This joint is for large groups in my opinion. I don't feel this is good for a one on one date: it's loud, distracting, and lively. Come here with a large group of friends, get a pitcher of drinks, order a large amount of appetizers, and that should set you straight for your entire visit. The atmosphere is boisterous... and loud, and fun! Do you want your waiter chiming in when your yelling at your friends across the table??? Noooo. So, order in large amounts, trust me, it will get eaten.. No worry for wasting of food here.
This place is absolutely amazing! I went with five friends and we each ordered two things off the menu and we also had a pitcher of Sangria. Everything was full of amazing flavor! This place is a must if you're heading out to Vegas. Our check ended up at only $90. Not bad at all. We stayed at the Hard Rock which isn't too far away from this place. Also, our service rocked!
went here with some friends from back home. theyre regulars here when theyre in town, and since ive never been and heard nothing but good things, i had to check it out.

we were actually at nu sanctuary before we went to firefly, and out of curiosity pulled up the menu on my blackberry. everything sounded soooo good! and because they have TONS of different tapas, we were able to order a bunch of different ones and share them.

we got there after our friends did, and we were greeted fairly quickly. service was great throughout the entire meal. we ordered maybe 6 or 7 different tapas and of course, had to make room for dessert (i saw a banana nutella sandwich on the menu and had to save room for it. then again, who am i kidding? theres ALWAYS room for dessert!). every dish was so tasty! the mac and cheese, chorizo clams, artichoke toasts, everything we ordered was great! best part though, was the dessert. a few days later i tried to make one at home, and it just wasnt the same.

i will definitely be back soon for dessert and all the other yummy tapas.
I love the fact that you just order different appetizer sized plates and share it with whomever is with you.

Let's see... so I tried: 

Ceviche of shrimp: pretty good... standard ceviche. Nice and tart.

Terra y Mare skewers: these were pretty awesome.  Cooked nicely and in a great seasoning.

Steamed Mussels: LOVE these. You make yourself a total mess, but it's totally worth it.

Pulpo Asado: the octopus was cooked VERY nicely.  Not rubbery at all and the seasoning on the dish was beautiful.

Ahi Tuna Skewer: just as great as the rest of them.  Tuna was cooked well done, and the mango next to them definitely added a tart.

Tips:

It is super duper busy... even on a Sunday night at 10pm.  Call me small town, but holy smokes.

It's pretty cramped inside, but the decor is really cool with deep colored lighting.
AWESOME!! Loved Firefly and can't wait to go back!! tried a several dishes and enjoyed a sparkling Sangaria. My wife had a mojito tha twas also very good. I wish we saved room for some of the desserts. Service was excellant and the food came out very quickly on a very busy night, which i'm sure most of them are! Here are some of the items we had:
Tuna Peppers
Roasted Baby beet salad
Tuna Tartare
Roasted Eggplant Cannelloni
Mushroom Tart
Firefly Fries
Crispy Duck Rolls.
The Duck rolls were my favorite and the fries..WOW
Firefly delivers great tapas at a prime location, just off the strip on Paradise Road. Everything on their extensive tapas menu is great. The actual venue is just average, but that is acceptable given the spot-on service and great food. My favorites are the eggplant cannelloni and the dates.
Great food.  The reviews that mentioned spotty service did not apply to me.  I had great service from a friendly waiter.

We arrived early on a Friday night... I think at 6 pm.  No wait!!!  WTF?!  I guess it's a Tapas place, so people are coming later to get shitfaced.  Well, I was kinda right.  15 minutes later the place was packed.  We got lucky!

The servers came promptly and we mentioned to him that it was our first time.  We got a pitcher of red sangria to start off and when he came back we started ordering.  After we finished our first round he promptly came and we ordered a second round from him.  When we asked for suggestions, he was very friendly and patiently told us his favorites as well as popular items.

+the red sangria was amazing.  It wans't watered down and it's been marinading for three days.  You can taste the sweetness of the fruits mixed with the wine.  It was the best sangria I've ever had.

+Stuffed dates... as other Yelpers mentioned, this was great.  The waiter mentioned that this was one of the most popular dish.  The sweetness may have been a bit too much, but the almond was there to give it a bang at the end as well as another needed texture to go with the crisp bacon and the soft dates.

+Crispy duck rolls:  These were one of my favorites.  Just make sure you eat it before it gets soggy haha.  The duck was grounded up, it was made basically like an egg roll.  The hoisin sauce they had with it made it great.

+Something peppers.  Red peppers with the cheese.... wow.  I usually demand meat in my dishes, but this did not make me regret getting a meat free dish.

+/-Fillet sliders... I guess this wans't anything special  I mean they could have used sirloin or chuck and it would've been fine.  Why grind up fillet which is already tender?

+/-Paella was OK.  Nothing special.  A bit overpriced if anything, but you gotta have your paella with tapas

+/-Smoked salmon toast.  The smoked salmon part was good.  The fact that the toast was not crispy at all ruined it.

I had many other things that were great also.  But these were my favorites or the items I felt needed to be mentioned.  For 5 people including two pitchers of sangria (for $26/pitcher) the bill came out to be around $130 pretip.  I'll be going back!
On one of our annual trips to Vegas to visit my mom, my husband and I stayed at the Platinum one night (great!), and had lunch at Firefly.  My girlfriend had been urging me for several years to go to Firefly, so I finally had an opportunity.  Very friendly service, no complaints about our waiter.  It was a weekday so the only folks there were from the local area on their lunch break, no wait at all.  

We ordered at least one tapas from each section of the menu.  The only dish I would say I was a little disappointed in was the Tuna Tartare, it was cut a little thick for my taste, and as a whole it was kind of blah, for me at least.  The duck rolls and the filet mignon sliders were delicious.  The fresh bread and almond butter they bring to the table is really really good btw (crushed almonds mixed into the butter).

The highlight of the meal was dessert.  Since we were there for lunch we were supposed to get ice creams or something as part of a lunch special, but they were out, so they let us pick a dish off the menu.  We chose the Banana-Nutella Sandwiches.  It took our breath away!  Unlike anything we have ever had before.  Splendiferous.  I totally recommend that even if you don't have a meal here and just want to get a cup of coffee and dessert, this would be the dish to get!  Trust me on this one.

We will definitely be back.  Great meal overall.
This is the best tapas restaurant I've been to in the U.S. The food here is really outstanding and the sangria was perfect. I also concur with other Yelpers that the bacon wrapped dates was the best dish on the menu. The combination of sweet, nuttiness, and savory was just so unusual and unexpected. It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party. 

The atmosphere was intimate and fun. Even on a Sunday night, there were hardly any table to spare, including the outside balcony area. Sort of a youngish, hip crowd. 

We ordered practically everything on the menu, since we wouldn't have a chance to go there very often being out-of-towners. It's really refreshing to eat off of the Vegas Strip. 

A few key points:

-Very good food
-Yummy Sangria
-The price is unbeatable (6 people and the bill came to $136)
-Good vibe/ambiance
-Friendly service

Two thumbs up and a wink!
Such a refreshing change from the over-hyped, over-glytzed and over-priced iron chef restaurants at the casinos. This is the closest to my memory of having Tapas in Spain almost a decade ago. Firefly offers about 50 diverse selections and seating are comfy sofa arrangements. Simply, Firefly is awesome. 

Came here w/ 3 colleagues and tried about a dozen dishes. 4 is the perfect size because this allowed us to try the maximum number of dishes. Let's see: 

Bacon wrapped dates - best dish of all. so much better than ones we recently tried from BOTG Truck 

Artichoke toasts - hhhmmmm, great great great 

Stuffed peppers - sweet red peppers with mozzarella and a creamy sauce - fab combo 

Empanada - crust was not as flaky but pork stuffing was great 

Steak & mushroom skewer - meat a little tough but nice flavor 

Fried calamari - not overly battered and delish dipping sauce 

Shrimp tempura - hardly any batter - not like the ones you get at J-restaurants 

Beet salad - beets could be more plentiful. Just ordinary. 

Ceviche shrimp - too liquidity and not enough shrimp
I finally tried this place out on Saturday night. Parking lot was a nightmare..check in w/hostess looks like 30min wait. No biggie. We hit the bar and order up a pitcher of watermelon mojitos. They were sooo yummy! Sat at bar enjoying the scene til the table was ready. Finally the food is being brought out..pretty fast actually for how jam packed the place was. We had the croquet's, tuna tartar, shrimp chiveche and lamb skewers.  Almost everything was really good. The shrimp was actually deserving of 5 stars. The only thing I didn't  care or was the tuna..it was like a bland poke salad. The lamb was seasoned perfect and was tender. The croquets melted in your mouth. Service was good. I can't wait to come back here!! It had a great vibe for sure.
Started this past Saturday night out at Firefly for some drinks and a light meal before hitting the clubs. We arrived sometime between 7:30 and 8, couldn't find a parking spot anywhere near the actual restaurant. Ended up parking at the medical plaza behind the strip mall that Firefly is in, there was a lot of parking available back there. 

The hostess working was both adorable and friendly, she informed us it would be about a 30 minute wait and invites us to have a drink in the bar area. I had read a few reviews raving about the watermelon mojitos so that is what I decided to order... As soon as I did Dawn C. looked over at me with wide eyes and said YUM, ME TOO! so we decided to go with the pitcher instead. Pitchers are definitely the way to go, $30 for what ended up being 3-4 drinks each. The mojitos were the perfect amount of sweetness, went down so easy. 

30 minutes flew by and the hostess found us in the bar area and took us to our seats outside. October evenings are beautiful here in Vegas, just cool enough to be enjoyable without needing a jacket. 

While we were waiting in the bar area, Dawn C. and I had talked a bit about what we were thinking about ordering, based on the reviews we had read. Once we were seated and had menus to look over we finalized our decision, and went with: 

Tuna tartar - Disappointing. This was one I wanted to order and it was pretty bland. The mangos were the best part. I would not order this again.
Lamb skewers - Dawn C picked these and I was glad she did. I don't eat much lamb but these make me want to. 
Ham and cheese croquettes - Mmmm. Only bad part is they only serve you 3. So creamy and good. Would order again. 
Shrimp Ceviche - Some of the best ceviche I have had in a long time. The shrimp were sweet, the citrusy marinade complimented them perfectly. Would also order this again.

Total for the food was around $30, plus the $30 pitcher makes for a not bad cost for a nice dinner out. Firefly is a place I'd definitely go back to on a date or with a group of friends.
Firefly had a pretty diverse menu, with some traditional favorites and some more trendy picks.  Five dishes was about the right number for the two of us, who were hungry but not starving.  We each had a glass of wine and an after dinner digestif, and ended up at about $80. The atmosphere is casual, and portions are ample.
Mussels: Very tasty in a coconut curry broth, served with bread to soak up the goodness
Tuna Peppers: probably the lowlight. We're big fans of peppadews, but they were pretty much just stuffed with canned tuna, drizzled with oil, and plated. Disappointing.
Lamb Chops: cooked perfectly, interesting side with lentils and veggies
Stuffed Dates: YUM! Everything they should be.
Pulpo Asado: very tender octopus, pretty flavorful
We ordered the sliders, and they showed up on the bill, but never came out. We were already getting full by the time we noticed, and the server was apologetic and gracious about taking it off the bill.
Firefly is a must when I go to Las Vegas. Speedy service, AMAZING manchego mac n' cheese and red house-made sangria.  Everything is super yummy!  Honestly better food and better prices than most other spanish/latin/mexican places on the strip.
YUMMMMM. One of the first restaurants I ate at when I moved to Vegas and I keep going back!  Best part.. they went from 1 to 3 locations and one just opened up a mile from our house!  Great tapas, good service, amazing drinks and decent prices for LV. 

The dates are my absolute favorite.. can you mess up something that has bacon, blue cheese and almonds in it? Not in my book! Other great choices include, but are definitely not limited to Camarones a la Diabla, Albondigas, Manchengo Mac n Cheese, Stuffed Peppers, Padron Peppers.  It's so hard to make a decision!
To give this place a thorough review, I really need to go back again, but I was so happy with my first visit here, I feel compelled.  On a Thursday night, a group of girls were getting together here for happy hour.  Aaron the bartender started early in the little overflow room, so we got there at 5 p.m.

I didn't eat much, but I did try the bacon wrapped dates (holy cow, this is amazing) and a meatball.  The meatball was aight, but dang, that date was orgasmic.  I love dates, but this took it to a whole new level.  Really really good.  Now on to what I did have a lot of: drinks!  Firefly has sangria in so many many flavors, but I opted for the flavored mojito.  I ordered passionfruit, but Aaron also offered a few samples of blueberry and raspberry mojito.  All really good and I don't even like raspberry.  This place really lives up to the hype.  Great food, great drinks and an awesome bartender: Aaron.  If you haven't been, you've got to go.  I can't believe I waited so long.  I plan on making Firefly a regular pit stop.
YUMM! Solid 4 stars. 

Came here on a Sunday for an early dinner; there was no wait and we got seated right away. Our waiter was really friendly and helpful. We got 6 or 7 dishes if i remember correctly and a pitcher of sangria (must have) and the bill came out to about $25 pp for 4. Very affordable and i was stuffed! My favorite dishes were the merguez and the paella but that might be because it reminded me of the food I used to eat in France. The bf really liked the camajones a diablo. The sauce was soooo good! We had to keep asking for bread and wiped that plate clean! Haha The ambiance was nice, modern and dim and they had a patio to sit outside. I  wanna go back and try more dishes!!

So glad we skipped the buffets and came here instead!! I was pleasantly surprised to find out that there was such delicious food away from the strip! We took a cab and the fare was about $13 from PH, not too bad. Our cab driver told us Firefly was one of his fav restaurant in LV and gave us a list of other local places to try too. Def need to check them out next time!
We visited Firefly on Paradise last week for lunch. We ordered paella [saffron rice, clams, shrimp, calamari, chicken, Spanish chorizo sausage], Pulpo asado [marinated and grilled octopus, potato, tomato], and Terra y Mare skewers [grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde]. They all tasted good, except that we are not fond of pulpo asado as much. In general we like the food and the service was great. Everyone there was courteous and polite, and make you feel very comfortable and make the meal more enjoyable that way. We like it here for a casual lunch. =)
I wouldn't say come here to get into a food coma, but the food is certainly good the taste buds. It's good for like lounging with some friends and having a light dinner. The mood is pretty chill. It's pretty much dim inside, talk about blind date. Don't get me wrong cus in simple words, this place is good. And I'm definitely ready to go back. Especially since now they have one in Summerlin :)
WOW!  So I had heard about this place called Firefly for quite some time.  Mainly coworkers or friends saying they were going to go on weekend nights.  I figured it was more of a bar scene.  Then I was told my a very good friend that the food was phenomenal.  This past Friday night I was looking for something different and special to eat and didn't mind spending a little more money than usual so I decided to look up the menu.  I was quite impressed with all the choices so I decided to give it a go.  I was more than satisfied!  I had preconceived expectations about this place and I was not disappointed.  We called ahead 15 minutes and even though we were 15 minutes past the time we said we were gonna be there, they sat us immediately.  We tried 5 different tapas and they were all absolutely delicious!  We tried a steak and mushroom skewer, stuffed peppers, mac n cheese, another skewer with chorizo/filet/and shrimp, and finally the warm nutella and banana sandwiches.  I couldn't believe how much taste and flavor each individual dish had.  The meat was tender, the ingredients were fresh, nothing was plain.  Even the warm nutella and banana sandwiches seemed like they had some extra flair that I couldn't duplicate at home even if I tried.  The service was attentive, and not invasive.  I don't mind a talkative waiter, but I prefer, especially on a date, for the waiter to be polite but brief and thats exactly how ours were.  My drink was always filled and plates were immediately removed once we were done.  It was pretty packed yet intimate enough for my boyfriend and I to carry conversations without being overheard.  To top it all off, we got a complimentary photograph of us at our table!  Amazing!  I would definitely recommend this to anyone sick of the same old food or anyone looking for a new place to be a regular at.  Also, we chose this location not because it was closer, but because the West Sahara one had an hour wait!  We called at 5 pm and thats what was quoted.   With two non-alcoholic drinks and our food, our total bill equated to 50 dollars plus a 10 dollar tip.
i was a little confused on how to write this review, but at the end of the day everything turned out the way i wanted it to.

after my first visit, i decided i wanted to come back for my 25th bday dinner. there was about 20 of us, so i decided to call and make a reservation. 

tip: any reservations over 10 people require a $25/person minimum, and they have a few set menus you can choose from. as a college student, that $25 doesnt always work for everyone there. so i asked if there was anyway to go around it, and the reasoning didnt make any sense at all - she said they require a set menu because a party of 10 or more would slow the kitchen. as someone who has worked in the restaurant industry for 7 years, that was not sitting well with me. then she offered a mini menu with no minimum, but that would restrict us from ordering from their full menu, and a lot of the items i would order were not on the mini menu. i ended up asking how long the wait would be (approximately) if we were to walk in, and she said depending on the time, expect a little bit of a wait.

that day of, i called and asked what my best time to come in was, and the host said to just call 15 minutes before coming in and she'll set something up [i guess they opened up the private dining room and there was room for us there]. we came in around 30 minutes before we expected people to start showing up, and she was able to set a table for us right away. we waited no more than 10 minutes.

service was great. food was great. the house infused vodka was really good!!! and of course - i got a birthday flan :]

all in all - the place is still a fave out here. even with the reservation drama, still love the food and the service.

*edit: TOTALLY forgot about this part...but towards the end of our meal, it was probably around 10:30, our server dropped the check. and i mentioned people were still on their way, and she said that side of the restaurant closes early and there may not be any space for everyone on the other side. part of the reason why i chose to come here was because its open late. had i known that side closed early, i would have waited for seating on the other side of the restaurant. thats why i deducted a star
The sangria is excellent, the appetizers I had during a tour event stop were also freshly made and delicious. The appetizers and drinks were complimentary to the tour event that I was on. Many kinds of food types for all tastes were available.

I would go back with no more than four people. The restaurant seems to have a smaller overall space and it gets very busy starting on Friday, lasting through the weekend. I would also only do a late lunch or a super early dinner because the restaurant quickly fills up starting at dinner time.

If this location is super busy, you may also visit their second location in the Downtown Las Vegas Fremont Street Experience.
Murda'd nearly the whole menu from the Empandas to the Chocolate "tres leches" cake.  Simply scrumptious!
The bar at Firefly on Paradise is a great comfortable place for the single business traveler.  The bartenders are friendly (and cute), and they keep my sangria glass full.  The tapas makes a wonderful way to try a few different things when eating alone.  

I found the dates a little sweet and greasy after the much lighter tuna tartare, but I think that was just a pairing snafu. I loved the tomato soup and grilled brie sandwich.

I took my colleagues to lunch at Firefly on Sahara - it just didn't have the same vibe.  Maybe it's because we passed on the Sangria - but the tapas just didn't seem to taste as good there for some reason.

I will be going back -
I and company dropped in here for a quick bite to eat after arriving in Vegas.

The aforementioned "company" ordered weird non meat dishes. Ugh. I cannot comment on what they had, as I ignore things that don't include dead animals in them.

I can, however, speak for the Thai Beef Salad with dead cow and the Filet Mignon Sliders with more dead cow.

Mmmmmmm...animals.

Ok, ok, I'm just giving my vegan hosts a bad time. Firefly is totes vegan friendly and also caters to us uncouth carnivores. The best of both worlds.

The Thai Beef Salad was super delicious. Huge slices of meat come with this salad; this is no dinky portion at all. The flavors were fresh and lively and the beef was served at the perfect temperature to compliment an Asian flavored salad. When I have a tte--tte with my beef I really find appropriate meat temperature an important feature of the relationship. 

However, after the Thai salad the sliders left me a bit on the outs. A good size...but holy cow (literally) the meat was SO SALTY!!! Like, somebody had a salt seizure up in that kitchen. Simma down now with the salt on the filet. We aren't aboard The Mayflower, there is no need to salt meat so severely that it will not spoil after a 6 month trip across the Atlantic ocean. I mean, this is filet mignon, COME ON!!! Minus 2 stars for dead animal abuse.

Also, the Gin & Tonic could have been a little less short on the poor.

But that salad, yum!
still great small inexpensive plates...
Great atmosphere, food, and drinks--the sangria is awesome. A little off the strip and reasonable pricing. Small plates make it fun to try a little of everything. The Thai beef salad and beef and mushroom skewers are always a must.

Definitely a great place to bring friends when they come into town. Always a good time :) Cheers!
Dropped by for a quick bite to eat after the show before we went casino hopping.

Here are a few more items i would definitely recommend:

-Tuna tartare 
-Manchego mac 'n' cheese
-Terra y Mare skewers 

Go here for the description:
http://www.usmenuguide.com/fireflymenu.html

YUM!
I normally do not use phrases like "it's the bomb!" or "off the hook" unless I'm talking about an actual bomb or an article of clothing that has fallen to the floor, respectively, but this place was both. 

The best way to go at any tapas place is to order 5-6 dishes and share. You can always order more if you're hungry. If my wine-soaked brain recalls correctly, we had: eggplant cannoli (the name escapes me, but the dish is rolled eggplant and goat chees); fries; pulpo asado (octopus), chicken salad, and the veggies and lentils (probably my favorite). We also split a tres leches cake, but that was pretty forgettable. 

If you go to Vegas, you really need to go here. It's a hip place with a good vibe and interesting people.
i do love the food here. i have been here a few times and everytime the service just gets me. i understand it is a busy restaurant but pay attention to your customers. we are the ones leaving you your tip. now like i said i love the food but for service purposes i would rather just eat tapas at barcelona tapas & bar and that is why i give it 3 stars.
if you do venture to firefly despite the snobby service i would make sure to try the tuna tartare. it is very sweet and something i always would get. the stuffed dates which are full of flavor. terra y mare skewers were great and i got to taste three different meats. the filet mignon sliders with firefly fries are pretty good and basic if you are afraid to let your taste buds explore. i also really like the empanadas. it had a little spice to it which won me. i also like their infused vodka. you can really taste the berries and lychees, but beware because they hit you fast.
i hope everyone else that goes here gets better service than i have. enjoy their food and drinks!
if you're in Vegas & want to go to a good nightspot a little off the strip with good food & good atmosphere.. go here, you won't be disappointed. try the mac & cheese.. the best!
When it comes to food and drink, this place is top notch in Vegas. They have sangrias and mojitos that are simply the best. Food - heaven.
LOVE this place!!!!!!!!!!! Just thinking about it makes my mouth water. I pretty much ordered half the menu b/c everything sounded so good! The lamb chops and dates are to die for and a must have! The white wine Sangria is DELISH! Way better than the red wine Sangria so definitely try it out. You can either order by the glass or pitcher. 

If you go for dinner, make sure to reserve a table. They get super busy. Be sure to let your tastebuds venture outside its comfort zone... everything on the menu is YUMMY!
I love this place - one of my top 5 restaurants ever. Reasonably priced, small portions allow you to try several different items. From the stuffed dates to the notorious mojitos - everything I have had here makes me feel like that cartoon dog who floats in the air and grabs his stomach saying MMMMM MMMMM when he gets a treat.
I love this place. I have been here twice during business trips, and I wish the Reno area would have this restaurant or one very similar to it. They have amazing sangria. I have only had the red sangria, but it is very delicious. I only wish the fruit was a tad larger, so I could enjoy it more when my glass is finished.

I love the artichoke hearts. They are the perfect starter. The ceviche of shrimp is fresh and very flavorful. The terra y mare skewers were one of my favorites there. Packed with flavor and the salsa verde on them adds the perfect touch. The sliders are amazing. The mac 'n' cheese is divine. The babyback ribs fall off the bone. The only thing I have had so far that I really didn't care for was the empanada.

For dessert I had the gelato. I love gelato and since they had pistachio, they already won me over before tasting it. The gelato comes with a very tasty biscotti treat.
love this place. love the food. this time - the only thing giving this place 3 stars is the food

i took my 2 girlfriends and my sister here after we saw le reve. there was a little bit of a wait, probably about 20 minutes. we sat outside near the door, which is the worst table ever! if it werent for the heaters, we would have froze out there! 

maybe it was because we were hungry and a little cranky, but it felt like everything from water service to actually taking out order took forever. the food came out in a fairly timely manner, but out server forgot about the patatas bravas we ordered, which my sister was stoked about because they its a traditional spanish tapa.i must say - the busser was awesome! very attentive with the water refills and pre-bussing. she even brought new plates and forks for our dessert!

we ordered:
smoked salmon toasts
shrimp ceviche
tuna tartare
stuffed dates
thai beef salad
manchego mac n cheese
albondigas
chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms
lamb skewers
banana nutella sandwich

the table by the door sucks because the door would hit my chair anytime someone went in or out.

needless to say, this was one of my worst experiences here. the food is definitely gonna bring me back though!
I really love this place! Get a group of friends out here, order a few things and share! Now that's what I call a social scene! I love the atmosphere of this scene, it's very loud, fast paced, and out going.  People who come here, come here to have a good time and that's what I get.  A good time.  The food here is great, I love the flavor that's incorporated into each dish.  The only thing that gets me here, is the prices.  You pay almost $10 for tapas, usually made for 3 to 4 people.  That's why I suggest you go with a group of 10 and split the check.  Now that sounds like a good time to me.
Just order these and you'll be set!

Must-haves:
Pitcher of white sangria (easily 4 full glasses, maybe 5-6 since there's a lot of ice as a filler. But still a better deal than ordering by the glass.)
Stuffed Dates (Order two! Since it comes with only 5, you will be fighting over who gets the last one! Trust me.)
Filet Mignon sliders (Expensive for two small sliders, but soo worth it. You'll love the fried struggle onions so much, you can eat it alone.)
Empanadas (Comes in two. Order as much as needed.)
Mac & Cheese (Filling and comforting before a night of drinking on the town.)

You'll get almond butter with garlic bread & olives on the house. The almond butter alone is a ball of butter goodness!
Great spot just off the strip for dinner.  The place was packed on a Tuesday night and the energy was great.  Here's a quick breakdown of the food:

- Stuffed dates are a must.  By far the best dish we tried
- Mac and cheese is good but there was a layer of cheese on top that was too thick
- Albondigas were decent
- White sangria was outstanding.  Must order a pitcher of this!

Prices are great compared to most Tapas places and the atmosphere is fun.  I'm definitely going back soon.
Diggin' this tapas restaurant.  Walked in and it was kinda dark.  Staff was pretty friendly and helpful.  There were 6 of us and we were seated pretty quickly.  We sat at like a big rectangle coffee table with a sectional on one side and a couple of cushioned cubes on the other.  Real casual and relaxing.  Perfect for tapas, sangria, and hanging with the friends.  

We were feeling a good from the sangria.  You have to get this.  We got a couple of pitchers of the red.  It was good.  Real good.  I think too good.  ;)  We knew we wanted to the stuffed dates.  Stuffed with bleu cheese and an almond, wrapped in bacon and drizzled with a red win reduction.  Yeah, we got more than one order.  A lot more.  The rest we just told our server to bring us his favorites.  There was the artichoke toasts which we liked.  The steak and mushroom skewers, nice.  Paella was pretty good.  The Fillet Mignon sliders were not bad but the crispy onion rings on that plate was light, crispy and delicious.  And a lot of others that the sangria made me forget.  

Great place to eat some good food and hang out with your friends.  

Coming back here for sure.
Honestly amazing. Awesome sangria. Reasonably priced. Great atmosphere. Bacon wrapped dates!! One of my favorite  restaurants in Vegas for sure!
Firefly is a great tapas restaurant off the strip and away from all the hustle and bustle. Don't let that fool you, its good food and drinks still attract a ton of people, so don't be surprised if there is a wait. The food was all very good and comes out quickly. A mix between coffee table type settings, regular dining table, and bar settings make this good for groups of different size and different levels of intimacy.

mini filet sliders 7.5
empanadas pork 4.5
beet salad 5.5
seafood paella 15
sangria 6/cup
Great atmosphere! Great service and they are open late! I would recommend this place to anyone that enjoys tapas. My GF and I had 3 different dishes, they all came out quick even though it was a Saturday night and busy. There are so many options here...I would come here again for sure. Its great for large groups or a small date.
Came on a Saturday night, Dec 4, 2010.

I walk into a night club of a restaurant - dark, with red lighting.  A DJ is playing his set in the corner of the restaurant, by the hall leading to the restrooms.  The other patrons are smartly dressed, and the atmosphere is quite lively.

Our wait is about 10 minutes.  We are led to our table, where we start off with some sangria.  It was good... but then again, I've never had bad sangria.

This is a tapas place... so you see all the regular fare.  I don't feel like going into a play-by-play for this review, but I will mention the mac and cheese was goooood.

To give this place 4 stars is to say I'm a fan, and would come back.  But in all likelihood, I would seek out another tapas place to try when I next crave it.

I gotta say though, I loved the ambience.  Loud and dark place where you can have fun with a few friends.
I couldn't decide how many stars to give. It's a tough call because the food is great and, when split among friends, the prices aren't bad. However, we arrived when the place was packed, I got a shitty chair, our server screwed up our order, and we barely saw his face. I suppose three stars is fair because under better circumstances I'd be swooning for this place. 

To break these elements down... 

Wait- The interior, bar, and patio were completely packed, which caused parking to be extremely limited and the wait for a table to be a bit long. 20 minutes in the cold makes the wait questionable. It was so packed that a woman, presumably a regular, walked up to the door and screamed, "OH HELLLLLL NOOOOO, this place better not be packed!" (A minute later she sat on a bench outside, annoyed.)

The seating- My girlfriends are I were seated outside on the patio. The good news was that we were next to a heater, which was much appreciated. The bad news was that our table was pushed up against the glass wall in such a way that I had to do the bendies to squish myself into my chair which, by the way, was lopsided so that I kept smacking into the wall as I ate. We were also right by the door so every time someone walked into the patio my sister got smacked in the back of her seat. In the future, I suggest waiting a little longer for a seat inside the restaurant. 

Our server- Granted, I'm sure he was getting worked, but he gave off a cocky vibe and didn't even write down our order. Amazingly enough most of our items came out... except for one. We got to the end of our meal, ready to order our dessert, and requested that since the last item was clearly not coming that he cancel the order. Instead of cancelling it, he said he'd check on it and if it weren't cooked already, he'd cancel it. We didn't hear about that item until the bill arrived about 20 minutes later and he said, "Oh. Yeah, so I cancelled that item." 

The redeeming quality: The food- Delicious. So much flavor packed into small bites. Our little girlfriends party of 4 scarfed down:

- Smoked Salmon Toasts

- Ceviche
Wonderfully tangy and fresh 

- Tuna Tartare

- Bacon-Wrapped Dates
Ridiculously addictive with a happy almond crunch on the inside 

- Mac and Cheese
Creamy and cheesy and evil and tasty

- Albondigas

- Lamb Skewers w/Lentils

- Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms 

- Thai Beef Salad 
The surprise item and star of the evening. Ridiculously good and large enough for a small meal for one!

- Banana Nutella Sandwich

I didn't get to try the sangria, but I intend to on my next visit to Vegas. I also plan on trying to Happy Hour on for size, with fingers crossed for a better table!
Out of all the Firefly's in Vegas, this is still the best one. Serious local hang. Cheap, quality food. I eat here three times a week.
This place was pretty awesome! I have to go to LV for work each week and one of my sales reps took us here because I said drinks and happy hour apps were on me.  Well,,,,,, I am so happy he picked this place.  It beats any of the stuffy hotel restaurants I have been going to during my stays.  

The red wine sangria is soooo yummy and even better when they serve it in pitchers.  We had a ton of their tapas and three pitchers and the price was so reasonable.  I was ecstatic. We sat at the bar and the bartender was pleasant and very helpful. 

The sliders were super tasty along with the calamari and the tuna tar tare thing.  Yummy.  We had so much stuff along with a complementary tapas sampler that was very good.  

I know want to come back here every time I am out in LV for work.
Love love love this place.

Food: 
Stuffed dates-blue cheese stuffed and wrapped with bacon. What? You can't go wrong with these bad boys. 
Ham & Cheese Croquetas-just your basic ham and cheese popper, right? I think not.  I loved these.
Pulpo Asado-pretty good. Not great. Perhaps a tad bit overdone, not sure.  
Roasted eggplant cannelloni-light and fresh. 
Filet mignon sliders-tasty and substantial. 

Service: 
Great. No wait on a Friday night, but then again, it was around midnight.
Attentive waiters, quick food turnaround.  

Price: 
Each dish can run anywhere from $4 to $10 for the tapas and since you'll be ordering quite a few, it can get a bit pricey.  Throw in a pitcher of the must have sangria for $24 and you've got yourself quite the bill.  Still, in the town of excess, this is still a bargain.  

This is definitely a must try place.
Vegas food doesn't impress me too much but this is off the strip and good. One star off for bad/slow service. Another star off since the food is good but it wasn't too memorable. The only thing I can remember (and the reason why we went) was the stuffed dates (get that).
It's New Year's Eve and there's a lot on the agenda. Deciding where to eat before the major festivities begin is no easy feat. After hours (ok, maybe minutes) of research, we landed on Firefly and it did more than fit the bill for the occasion (which just happened to be my birthday too!) 

A group of 12 of us sat down and everyone got wide eyes when we were handed the lengthy menu. It was a 25 dollar minimum per person which was not difficult to fulfill. We took to picking out a couple dishes each that we passed around the table and filled glasses with pitchers of red sangria and passionfruit mojitos and were anything but happy. 

With that many people, we were able to try so many different dishes. I couldn't avoid ordering my go-to tapas including the bacon-wrapped dates, patatas bravas and ham and cheese croquetas. Luckily others I was with ordered different things like the fresh tuna tartare, shrimp and filet skewers, mac n' cheese and vegetable empanadas. 

As if the food wasn't enough, the service was outstanding. On a busy night, they were nice enough to push tables together for us, clear our plates quickly and put candles on my birthday cake when the time came! 

Paying in big groups can sometimes be a headache, but they made it easy for us. When the time came to grab a taxi, they helped us with that too! 

Landing in a new city for your birthday can always be a little nerve wracking but I cannot imagine a place that would have been better at leaving everyone able to find something they could enjoy!
Heard so much about them, so my boyfriend and I planned our date night there. 
Making reservations was hard, all the hostess told us was to call ahead. But even for 2 people, we still had to wait about 20 minutes on a chilly night. The wait was worth it though.

It's a very social restaurant and can also be a romantic place to take a date, as it's very dark inside, with hints of lights from the table to the walls.

Their stuff dates is really the business, that's all I can think about. My mouth is starting to water. Their mac and cheese hit close to home. And their paella was delish as well. Our other tapas was great but the dates and mac and cheese left a great impression. The portions are small which is great, because you get to try more things out on their menu. I loved, loved their complimentary bread and butter, their butter was different and my boyfriend isn't a big fan of things like that but he killed that before we even got to order. I was too shy to ask for seconds. I wish I could have ordered that to-go if the option was available.

They do get pretty crowded and I now understand why. As one table cleared, it was filled back up shorty after. I will definitely be back.
Reading all those good reviews, we were hoping not to be disappointed by their food or service... and they proved us how great they were!  This place is now one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.

It's located off the Strip but don't let that stop you from checking this place out.  It only takes about 5 minutes (or less) from the Strip.

Well, before I go on, let me tell you one disappointment.  They have a website and I've email them directly via their email box on their "contact us" page and asked a quick question if they're open on Christmas Day or not which seemed to be completely ignored.  If they cannot reply, they shouldn't even bother to put "email us" section...

That's been said, the rest of our Firefly experience was awesome.  Because they do not take reservations for smaller groups on weekends, we had to wait for about 15 minutes or so.  Once we're seated, we were greeted by a friendly waiter and other servers were attentive and helpful too.  

We didn't wait too much for drinks and food.  Red sangria was delicious.  Just between my sister and I, we ordered about 10 items and pretty much everything was yummy.  The best dish was one of their cheapest tapas, bacon wrapped stuffed dates ($4).  It was so good, we ordered another one.  Later we went to a fancy award winning restaurant and ordered their $10 bacon wrapped dates but Firefly's stuffed dates were far better than the fancy pricy restaurant's!  

The only so-so dish was their curry based mussels.  The coconut curry sauce and mussel combination didn't work for us.  However, it came with a couple of garlic toast and dipping it into the sauce was very delicious, so I can't say I didn't like it.  

There are many more dishes and drinks I want to try so I'll definitely go back!
LOVED this place! We came here with friends that live in Las Vegas and they introduced us to this amazing place. I fell in love with the hoisin duck rolls, stuffed dates and the mac & cheese. It was also my first time having tres leches chocolate cake which was like an orgasm in my mouth! the sangria is delicous and they have soo many different types of mojitos there to try. The prices are excellent. I can't wait to go back!
Have been here twice... It was 8 pm on a Saturday night-the music was loud and almost all of the inside tables were packed so we sat on the patio that had outdoor heaters.  

We started with the Tortilla a la espaola.  They were lukewarm and sort of bland...Next we had the often touted Stuffed dates-neither one of us found them anything to brag about.  The Manchego mac 'n' cheese was good-but once again, nothing I would find myself craving... My hubby ordered the Filet mignon sliders that come w/Serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions. My husband said they were "ok" and  but he did not taste any ham and did not bother to finish.  We also ordered the Firefly fries-they were just ok.  

The star of the whole night was the bread they brought out first with almond butter.  So delicous! I could have had that all night and maybe given 3 stars!
  
Honestly it just could be that the dishes we ordered weren't the best and I would be willing to give them a try again since there are so many options and so many people rave about the place. The concept is great and it seems like a perfect place to have a large & casual get together.

I won't write them off yet! : )
This is the 2nd time I've been here.  The 1st time was two years ago when I was on leave from Iraq.  I came during lunch and sat at the bar.  Had a great time and the bartender treated me really well.  Food was fantastic-I mean I had better tapas here than I did in Madrid, Spain.

Wanted to come back and swung on by on a Saturday night.  Real mistake on my part.  I didn't realize this was a hang-out place for the "hip" crowd.  OK, so I really detest the hip crowd but I didn't let this sway my opinion.

I sat down at the bar and waited a bit and the bartender gave me a menu.  At the same time I ordered a glass of their red sangria which was recommended to me the 1st time and I really liked.  The red sangria is still really good.  So I perused the menu and it looked pretty much identical.  made a couple choices and waited.  Waited a bit more.  Finally the bartender comes to me and I mention that I haven't been here in 2 years.  Just as I was going to tell him my order he turns to help one of the waiters that comes up.  OK, np the bartender supports the waiters-I got this.  So I wait some more.  The bartender either completely forgets about me or ignores me.  I wait a while now, deciding to be a nice guy and try to give him another chance.  He takes someones else's order that walked up to the bar while I'm sitting at the bar.  I wait a good while and I'm finally feed-up.  Seriously?  I flip the menu over to see the price on my glass, put out exactly $6.50 for the drink on the bar and exit.  I was flabbergasted.  It's been a while since I've gotten this kind of treatment.  And the bar is really small.  There was me, and maybe 5 other people at this bar.  I'm thinking he just decided to blow me off.  Amazing.  I would have given this place 5 stars two years ago but now...

Maybe in the future I'll revisit at lunchtime again and write an update for this place but until then, I guess I just wasn't hip enough for this place.
2nd time here. great food. fast service. great vegetarian items. This time we had patatas bravas and stuffed peppers, and both were great!
Best Tapas bar in Las Vegas and probably the best tapas bar I've ever been to in my life.

All I can say is "Just Do It". Everything on this menu is good. Every dining experience I've had  at Firefly is been consistently and outstandingly great. I've been going to this place for the last 9 years. Make sure you make reservations. This place is constantly bombarded with crowds of parties coming in. 

Thank god the owner is my friend otherwise I'd be waiting for a looong time to be seated. Besides the fact the owner is my friend. 

This place is just f*cking great! Great food, great service, great music, great crowd, great sangria, But!! finding a parking spot in the plaza where the restaurant  is located sucks big thumbs down. haha 
Cheers to firefly for their food!
Hands down one of my favorite spots! I have damn near tried every tapa, entree, and flavored mojito they have to offer. I suggest Firefly to everyone! Dessert I can never get tired of is their tres leche. It is actually chocolate flavored. Weird because in the past I have always had a yellow cake soaked in "leche". I asked why theirs was chocolate... they said that's how it really is done in Mexico City, Mexico. Hey, guess they had it the extra authentic way. A few of my favorite dishes are: bacon wrapped dates, thai beef salad, filet mignon sliders, all of the skewers, and as an entree the rib eye which is served with their alloi is a must try! Their complimentary bread accompanied with an apple butter type spread and olives... mnn kepp them coming! Mango and Passion Fruit mojitos, oh how i LOVE you both :)
It is a good place for drinks and late night snacks but if you are looking for authenticity and food quality you will be let down.  It is fine if you don't really know food.
This is my favorite restaurant in vegas! The place is a little small & does get packed, but it is worth the wait! My favorites are the stuffed dates, filet mignon sliders & the stuffed peppers & the bread pudding for dessert.  I have never liked stuffed peppers anywhere until I tried them here, they are amazing! I have never been disappointed in the food & have eaten there many times! I highly suggest firefly & I am extremely picky, so for me to give a place 5 stars is very rare! & if you don't like the loud music & the tight space, then order to go! I've done this a few times as well & it's still amazing!
I celebrated my b-day there and the place was just fantastic.  They have great food and the staff is just super.  The bartender, Aaron, went out of his way to accommodate us when we told him we were short on time and just needed to sit anywhere.  He brought us an extra stool and we were able to enjoy a great meal right at the bar.  Aaron made sure that every dish we ordered arrived quickly and everything tasted great.   I am definitely coming back to this place and would highly recommend it to everyone, especially if you're tired of overpriced and often mediocre places on the strip.  And say hi to Aaron as well, I forgot to mention, he makes terrific drinks.
Bacon wrapped-dates and Camarones a la Diabla (Grilled Shrimp in a spicy sauce) were my favorites, but the Mac & Chesse and the Filet Mignon (I think?) Sliders were killer too.

We had a hard time understanding the waitress (her accent was strong), but her smile lit-up a room, so we just asked her to choose some of the "house favorites" for us.  She was so nice and the food outstanding.  I also ordered the garlic fries, which were a little bit nushy this time, so we just dunked 'em in the spicy sauce from the grilled shrimp!
This is by far the Best Tapas I have had before.  It seemed like a local hang out and went with 2 of my brothers that lived there.  I liked the atmosphere and the price was pretty reasonable for the size of the portions.  I will be coming back for sure next time I am in town.
This was the best meal we had when we were in Vegas, hands down. First of all, even if it's 40 degrees out, they let you eat outside (with the big heating units of course). And you can smoke out there, which makes it even better (but not if you don't smoke).

The portions here were huge, definitely bigger than most other tapas places. We went to four different tapas joints in Vegas and this one had the biggest by far.

The "petite" filet is a must-try. It's not very petite at all, it's actually similar to the size you'd pay about $30 bucks for at Ruth's Chris. The short ribs were also finger-licking good.

The dates wrapped in bacon were very good, though not my favorite. Ours were a little overcooked. Also, the mac & cheese was delish. We had the fries and the potatoes too, but I've got to tell you.. when you're eating tapas, you need to stick to one starch or you're gonna get full real fast!

The place was totally packed and I was happy to be eating outside where it was much quieter than the hustle and bustle of the chaos inside.

So yup, next to the all-you-can-eat tapas at the Hard Rock, this was my favorite place to eat in Vegas.
Ummmmm, can we talk about the banana-Nutella sandwiches?!?!... AMAZING! The best rendition of a comfort food-turned dessert I have ever had. It made a lasting impression since it was one of the last things we ate, but there wasn't one thing we ordered (out of about 13 items) that we didn't like. 

Larger portions, yet lower prices than you would expect from a tapas restaurant, and the food will take your taste buds on a culinary adventure they won't forget. 

Favorites: Baked tetilla, stuffed dates, empanadas, crispy duck rolls, and of course the banana-Nutella sandwiches

Favorite condiment: spicy tarter sauce (comes with the fish sticks - FAR from your typical freezer section fish sticks). 

You do not want to miss this place if you go to Vegas!
Ah, Vegas.  Revisiting the past again.  I actually ate at Firefly for the first time years ago when my wife and I were visiting with our friends and were guided here by an old high school friend that lives in LV now.  Prior to eating at Firefly, my wife and I had never had Tapas.  Being in town for CES last weekend with the same friends that came the first time, they requested to revisit Firefly for a dinner and we obliged.

When my wife found out that they wanted to come back, she had a feeling of discomfort associated with the restaurant that should couldn't really place the reason behind at the time.  But as soon as we walked in, it came back to her; she didn't like sitting at the lounge table.  For those of you who have not been before, be aware that there is a bar, a set of normal tables with chairs and booth seats, and then a number of tables surround by low couches that require leaning over a lot to eat.  We requested a normal dining table this time to appease her, and it made all the difference.

When we arrived on Thursday night after our first day at CES, it was already pretty hopping.  We put our names down for a table and went to the bar.  I remembered having the Sangria last time, but didn't remember how good it was.  I asked the bar tender if I could try the red wine Sangria (effectively ordering it), but then he actually made a mini version of the drink with fruit bits and all for me to try it.  I then asked to try the white and champagne Sangrias (meeting more and more resistance each time, understandably) before ordering the champagne version.  The fact that he was wiling to let me sample all three was greatly appreciated.  Great bar tender.  My wife ordered a Mojito (so-so), and then a couple caramel apple martinis because they blew her away.  Highly recommended.

Soon we were told a table was available for us and we sat at a comfortable, standard table.  Here is what we ordered (that I can recall) and our impressions:

Shrimp ceviche - Nice shrimp, but way too citrusy (sour).

Stuffed dates - A great blend of sweet and savory (dates + bacon).

French Fries - A great filler. Shoestring with Parmesan and herbs. Ask for aioli to dip in.

Manchego Mac 'n Cheese - A favorite for my wife (the mac 'n cheese connoisseur).  Very good and cheesy.

Terra y Mare Skewers - Tasty and good quality filet, shrimp, and chorizo.

Chicken and Chorizo stuffed mushrooms - Sizzling awesomeness.  They're hot when they first come out, so be careful.

Lamb skewers - Very good and tender.

Fried calamari - I don't like squid, so I didn't really partake, but the other three said it was very good.

Camarones a la diabla - Shrimp with a nice kick and a smoky sauce.  Good stuff.

Chocolate Tres Leches Cake - Amazing! Melts in your mouth. No chewing necessary.  Super soft and moist.  Drooling...

With the 10 entrees and multiple rounds of drinks, you'd think the bill would be nuts, but it was around $150 total, which is perfectly reasonable for 4 people given the quality, variety, and quantity.  I recommend you check this place out if you want a great tapas experience.  There's a nice cigar bar in the same strip mall, too.

Summary: Great food. Very reasonable prices.  High quality.  Full bar.  Lots of parking.  Place gets hopping at night, so come early or plan for a wait.  Great bar service and drinks.  Lounge seating and normal tables.  Lounge seats require leaning forward a lot.  Highly recommended restaurant.
Great food and service..
I've had good food in the past months, but not grrrreat food!  I've been anxious to try this place since ever since.  I didn't care about doing anything else in Sin City this time around... I just had to try this place out!  

They start you off with bread, butter, and some olives.  The butter was sweet and silky; if it could keep it's form for a few hours, I'd like some to go.  I'd be snacking on bread and butter all day long. 

We ordered the paella, stuffed dates, tuna tartare w/ taro chips, and lamb kabobs on top of lentils.  The tuna tartare was fresh and lightly seasoned, which went well with the clean and crisp flavors of the taro chips.  The dates were definitely a highlight.  No need to go into lengthy detail--they are as good... as great... as everyone describes them!  If I were to ever host an event or even someday get married, stuffed dates would be on the menu!   The lamb was tasty and the lentils were evenly cooked.  I had to take baby bites thinking that our paella was coming out.  However, we find out that our server didn't take that order down.  (Boo.. minus one star.)  He said it would take 10 minutes; so I impulsively told my bf to order another dish to fill the 10 minute void.  (We could've just eaten the kabobs, but like most Asians, we'd rather have our protein with rice.)  So, he ordered the steamed mussels.  I thought steamed would mean boring.  But boy, was I wrong.  Another solid dish!  The red broth or sauce the mussels were soaked in was freaking awesome!  (They can have their one star back.)  I couldn't quite pick out the flavors, but I did taste some ginger.  Sometimes ginger can be a bit overpowering, but this was nice and subtle.  And then our paella finally came.  The paella, which had a combo of clams, mussels, chicken and chorizo, was good, but by the time it came out, we were stuffed.  We=me+bf.  We caved in to gluttony, but felt no remorse.

With Firefly's nice play on texture and awesome flavors, this was truly an unforgettable dining experience.  Firefly rocks!
Hands down, this is the best tapas place in Vegas...maybe even the best I've ever had!  This was our second time eating here and it never disappoints!  The food plates are small enough that you can sample a variety of things, and boy, do they have a variety!  Here's what we've ordered thus far:
- Stuffed dates (bacon wrapped, 'nuff said!)
- Manchego Mac n Cheese (can't get enough of this stuff!)
- Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms (simply delish!)
- Fried Calamari (can't go wrong with this)
- Ahi Tuna Skewer (the ahi was seared just right and the mangos were an awesome addition)

Even writing this review, I'm starting to crave the tapas and want more.  Unfortunately it's only in Vegas.  This is definitely a new staple for us and we'll be coming here for a long time!  It's also nice that it's off the strip so if you want some down time from all the glitz of Vegas, this is a great place to chill!
Came here for lunch, off the strip, not too many people. All the food was good, u can't go wrong, servers nice, drinks were good, mojitos and sangria good. Good solid 4.
I'm glad my friend and I tried this place out a couple of weeks ago.  We took a cab here from our hotel and surprisingly it wasn't that far from the Vegas Strip.  We ended waiting for about 20-30 minutes before we got seated and as soon as we were seated, we didn't hesitate to order.  Problem was, our waiter wasn't ready to order and was no where to be found!  After 15 minutes we finally flagged him down to take our order because we were HUNGRY! 
 
The stuffed dates were delicious.  The beet salad, however should be called the pecan salad because we had about 4 tiny slices of beets and a whole lot of pecans (sigh).  The tuna tartare wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was definitely fresh.  The paella was large and flavorful, so I'd get that again the next time for sure.  The steamed mussels were so so and the filet burgers was alright, but probably only because I was too full from the other plates to really enjoy it (sigh).

Although I only gave this place a 3 star, I'd come back again simply because it was a nice change away from food on the strip and the menu was surprisingly cheap. I love the vibe this place gives out, it was definitely a cool place to be and seemed like a fun hangout spot for the locals.  Hopefully the service is a bit better next time (I had to flag him down many times for basic needs).  

I'm looking forward to my next Vegas trip so I can try the other tapas on the menu!
3.5 stars.

We didn't get out of the airport until past 8:30pm, and no one wanted to be around for the appearance of HANGRY SUSASAURUS, so thank the lord we were seated within 2 min of entering Firefly.

SERVICE: very good. They brought us delicious garlicky bread almost immediately upon seating us; our water glasses never went empty, and our plates were whisked away as soon as we were done. They even changed out our dirty plates for us.

AMBIANCE: dimly lit, I can see how this is a favorite spot for pregaming before going out. It was loud and rowdy, but I had no problems with the noise level.

FOOD: almost everything is tapas style. J and I shared:
- Octopus: J liked it-- it was good except that the octopus' texture threw me off. It was slightly mushy, which made me think that it had recently undergone a poor freeze-thaw cycle.
- Short ribs: yummy, but the sauce tasted EXACTLY like sweet and sour sauce from a place like Panda Express. It was amusing and completely unexpected.
- Lamb sausages: pretty good. A tiny bit gamy, but I still gobbled it up.

OVERALL: a fun place to snack a bit before an epic night of partying, or just chilling for the night.
I live in San Francisco, and San Francisco has good food...but nothing like Firefly!  The food is delicious, service is friendly, and the atmosphere is super fun!  Only downside is that it's a little dimly lit and can get a little loud.  I went on a Saturday night, so if you're looking to have a good conversation with your dinner-mates, go at a less crowded time or just try another place. 

They also have DELICIOUS sangrias - delicious enough to inspire me to make my own the next night.  Sadly, mine were not as good. 

Overall, if you're in vegas and want to get away from the strip, come here!
When I got to Vegas, I wanted to eat some Spanish food and I found this place through yelp. I love the atmosphere of this place. It was kind of a lounge feeling. Of course we ordered about four different things to share since we didn't really have a big appetite, but were just hungry. I loved the ceviche since it had a very lemony taste. We also had a glass of sangria which could have used more fruits in it. 

Their service was very quick and friendly. I believe this place gets really packed after 5 pm because there was a huge amount of people that started coming in. It was a friday night too.
I heart tapas and I heart Firefly. 

I don't go nearly as often as I feel I should. Can't get enough of this place. We had another get together here with some friends and had yet another fantastic evening. I love almost everything on the menu. The lamb skewers are always cooked perfectly. The dates are to die for. We ordered some other of our favorites; pitchers of blood orange mojitos, patron peppers, mac n cheese and some tortilla espanola. Yum, yum and more yum. 

Can't get enough of this place. Still need to try the location on Sahara, though.
This place was delicious and the prices are not bad either. For a party of 6, our tab was only about $150. Some of the stand out dishes included the stuffed dates & the mac n cheese. They have both red & white sangria which is great and overall the service was great. I'd come back again, but there are so many other Vegas restaurants I want to try when I'm visiting. I'll eventually come back I'm sure...
If you're on The Strip being a tourist, do yourself a favor and splurge on a cab over to Firefly for dinner. You'll come out ahead money-wise and have a much better meal than you can find on Las Vegas Boulevard.
 
It's a lively little tapas restaurant, dark and packed on a Saturday night, far too cool for its strip mall location. But then again, it's Vegas, and nearly everything's in a strip mall.
 
We got a table for two after about a 20-minute wait and the service was great and glitchless from start to finish.
 
Every last thing we ordered was interesting and amazing. Not a plate was left with a crumb. We had: a warm spinach salad with grilled peppers; a beet salad with goat cheese and candied pecans; fried red potatoes with homemade aioli; grilled diablo shrimp with a spicy, sweet sauce and garlic bread; calamari; and bacon-wrapped almond-stuffed dates.
based on single dinner at the bar. 

i was on a business trip and ended up here based on yelp recomendations from my yelp peeps back home. it was a tuesday night, but the place was still pretty busy. i ordered the chorizo clams, grlled octopus, fries, and a sangria. PLENTY of food for one.  

the fries came out quick and the sangria was poured instantly. the octopus was excellent. the clams, well, had too much chorizo. or should i say, the chorizo didnt have enough clams. it was more of a chorizo dish than a clam dish. kind of overwhelming when expecting clams, but don't get me wrong, i'll order it again. 

overall bill was 30$ and i was stuffed. I ddnt finish the fries. id definitely go back, but would rather share the food with some company and get a chance to try more menu items...
My BFF is a local in Las Vegas and she brought my BF and I here to eat on one of our recent Vegas trips.... OMG! Why have I not ever been to a Tapas restaurant?? The prices are affordable and the food is delicious. 

You can order anything from calamari to shrimp ceviche to ahi tuna. You NEED to try the Bacon Wrapped Dates!!! TO DIE FOR!!! And if you know me... anything with bacon is good in my book! It's the best mixture of salty and sweet, trust me, I wasn't too sure about it at first, but it's well worth it! They even have a stuffed chorizo mushroom that was yuummie!! 

This is a place you MUST eat and does not compare to anything they have on the strip! And plus it takes a load of the wallet. :)
Amazing. Just, amazing.

We arrived at the end of the lunchtime hours for a late lunch, and I sampled my friends' fries and for myself got an order of shrimp ceviche, and the brie grilled cheese with tomato soup. My friend imbibed on some sangria, but since I was driving home after our meal I skipped the concoction in favor of some coffee.

The food was great. Our server was attentive, right up until the point he disappeared and we later saw him halfway out of uniform, hanging out with some other people at the bar. We had to finally ask another waitress to send over our server, who was indeed a new one. No one had said anything to us about a shift change, and my friends wanted to order more food and I really wanted some more coffee. I am shorting one star for having to flag someone down to get more food and drink refills, but otherwise it was a wonderful experience. The artwork on the walls made for some great atmosphere as well!
I love, love, love Firefly!  I love tapas!!  We used to frequent Cha Cha Cha back in SF so when we discovered Firefly a few years back, we knew we had to check them out!

So here we are, 4 years later, and I still love Firefly each time we go.  It always seems like it's packed so reservations are your best bet.

Alright, down to the chow:
Sangria- both the red and white are good, depends if you are a white wine or red wine person.  The pitcher is well worth it cause you get almost 3 glasses per person ( based on two ppl)

Bacon wrapped dates-love them! This took me awhile to get used to as I'm not a fan of sweet/savory but this combo really works.  And they really char the bacon, just how I like it, crunchy and salty on the outside and sweet and chewy on the inside...YUM

Camarones Al Diabla- SO good!!!! The sauce is what makes this dish..it's slightly sweet, tangy, salty...SO good to dip your bread in, this dish is a MUST every time..

Lamb chops- I love lamb so they couldn't go wrong with this, just don't overcook it and we are good.  It came out pink in the inside and had a nice char on the outside..perfecto..

Overall- this is definitely my go to restaurant when I have visitors in town or special occasions...
Love this place, went here with a buddy from LA, decided to have a drink so we went to this well talked about place.  I had their Padron peppers and tuna tartare along with a bloody mary.  Great place for daytime drinks and appetizers :)  Expect to pay too much for small dishes of these delicious appetizers though...
very nice place. it has small little portions of different kinds of food with decent prices. so order at least 2 portion per person. the drinks are good too. they are not cheap and they make rich drinks. only reason i am not giving it a 5 is the location and the waiters/esses are not professional and a little dump
My cousin first took me here and introduced me to tapa style food. It was a nice treat because the prices are reasonable and I can try at least 3-4 different items and everything I have tried were delicious. Located off the strip in a cute corner location. Restaurant size is small but romantic with outside dining patio. Here is a list of things that I have tried and loved:

 Firefly*fries $5.50

[parmesan, herbs, aioli]  -- The cries are thinly cut traditional style - nice parmesan flavor and absolutely love the alioli sauce that comes with- i had to ask for extra.

Mushroom tart $6.50
[puff pastry, boursin cheese] - mm mm - mushrooms are nicely baked in puff pastry with warm boursin cheese nicely crisped on top.

 Manchego mac 'n' cheese  $8.00
[baked w/baby shells]  - I loved mac and cheese since I was a kid and like to try different variations of it. This was delicous!

Terra y Mare skewers $10
[grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde] - filet mignon on a stick???!! AWESOME!! .. comes with 2 skewers . didnt dig the chorizo sausage but I did like everything else!

I forgot what else I had. But this is a nice place to go to to try a few different things without breaking the bank. A nice place to go with a group of friends or a nice intimate dinner with your significant other. It does get crowded and booked up so I reccommend making a reservation.

THEY ALSO HAVE THE BEST SANGRIA! YOU HAVE GOT TO TRY IT.
I am a fan of all things Sangria, and Firefly has to have some of the best around.  I love places with a great happy hour, atmosphere, and patio.  Firefly has all  three plus great tapas.  The service is always fantastic they are very attentive and friendly.  I can't think of a better place to start off a weekend in Vegas with your friends than this place.

The must haves for me when I go is of course the Sangria (red) and the stuffed mushrooms with chorizo and chicken.  The Calamari is quite good, and on my most recent visit the Shrimp a la Diabla was fantastic.  I look forward to my next visit to Firefly which will be very soon.
best sangria !!! Everything is super delish!!
Very good tapas and great selection of adult beverages. Be careful though, it's easy to spend a lot of money here by ordering a lot of tasty pitchers of sangria or mojoto's then followed up by the delicious assortment of tapas.
This is my spot! For me - small plates - freshly cooked - are perfect. The service is efficient and mostly friendly. But the food is the attraction at the end of the day. They are open late which suits my vampire hours very well indeed. 

I've now eaten here three times - and the stuffed mushroom w/ chicken and chorizo is my favorite. The fish sticks, and empanadas are also top notch. 

Wifey loved the ceviche of shrimp, & crispy duck rolls. ...The almond butter spread they offer free w/ bread is worth the trip alone! 

It IS loud - so know that going in. They get very busy on Friday & Saturday nights from 6-10 pm.
I found this place because I stay at the Fairfield Inn next door for work when I am in Vegas. The girl at the front desk said I should try out Firefly.
I am soo glad she did. 

Their Happy Hour 3-6 pm, (but I cant remember if it is Mon-Thurs or Sun-Thurs call to double check!!) is great half off all drinks. Sangria is $6.5 a glass or $26 a pitch normally. They also have Mojito's in a variety of flavors, $7 a glass or $28 a pitcher. So during happy hour those prices are so great! 

You start out by getting a garlic bread, green olives and almond butter. Oh that almond butter is to DIE for!! But do not, I repeat DONOT eat all the bread just yet! You have to save some for the sauces the dishes come with, especially the Camarones a la Diabla! 

The service is amazing, it can get a bit crazy during the busy dinner times. But you'll never sit with a stack of dirty plates. You actually have to watch out for your plate of diabla sauce, you'll want to dip that bread that you saved!

As for the dishes, I have tried SO many, here are my faves:

Camarones a la Diabla- You get 7 shrimps in this amazing sweet, spicy chile garlic sauce.  (You can ask for more bread of you ate it all with your almond butter)

Tierra y Mara- Skewers of shrimp, filet, and chorizo with a spicy green salsa. 

Stuffed Dates- Date with a smoked almond in the middle wrapped in BACON! Served with a red wine reduction.  People forget to add that they are ALMONDS in the middle.... I think that's what makes it great, other than the bacon of course! Another thing to use your bread for.'

Padron Peppers- These are under the hot tapas menu, but they're a great appetizer too. These spicy little babies are either grilled or baked to give them a slight char to them. Served with lemon, and sooner than you know it you'll want to order another plate. 

Other things I have tried, Manchego mac n cheese, empanadas both the veggie and meat, baked tetilla, lamb skewers, firefly fish sticks, and too many more to remember.
The greatest food ever! All dishes are super tasty! I had the mussels in coconut sauce, chicken skewers, beef skewers, two order of the sliders, lamb, and a mango mojito! Delicious foods! Great service! This is the second time I have been here when in town. Highly recommend!
Sangria is so-so. Food is bland and not unique. Bay Area has way better places for tapas.
We really loved our dinner here... 

the only thing would be that we felt slightly rushed to eat and all of our tapas were brought out at once to our tiny table... it would've been truly perfect if we were able to eat more slowly without the fear of everything getting cold. I would order things spaced apart next time,

AMAZING FOOD! To start with the almond type butter in the bread basket. They also agreed to some of my special requests... so. nice.

Our favorite was the stuffed mushrooms & the stuffed peppers. TO DIE FOR. The tilapia was brilliant and the salads were HUGE. 

Red Sangria (which is a 4 day process) came in a large pitcher and did NOT disappoint!  We really wanted to try their house-made infused vodk, but they were out. 

This place definitely lives up to the hype. GO! And affordable!
Why have I not reviewed Firefly yet?! It's one of the BEST restaurants in Las Vegas! This place has quite a reputation: It is considered a local's spot, but lately I've been spotting alot of tourists here too. Also they have expanded and opened 2 more locations: one in downtown, and one in summerlin. I haven't checked checked out the one in summerlin yet, and I definitely plan on doing that in the near future.

They served small dishes in tapas style, and very affordable! 

My favorite dishes in order:
1. Steak and Mushroom Skewers
2. Stuffed Dates
3. Camarones a la diabla 
4. Thai Beef Salad

Red Sangria is amazing too! it has fruit bits which makes it so much more refreshing. Their ambiance is cool, red, dark so it's perfect for a date, girls night out, or a birthday dinner. They do have long waits so make sure you make a reservation ahead of time.
I have a new favorite place in Vegas (that isn't a strip club or a dive bar)!

Last week in Vegas we went to Firefly on a Monday night. I think it says something about this place that it was packed at 6pm on a Monday!

I got there early and went to the bar while I waited for my party. It was happy hour at the bar with half priced mojitos and a free appetizer plate. I was sold right then and there. Then we sat down and ordered our food in earnest.

First off all the stuffed dates (wrapped in bacon no less) is nothing short of awesome! But then again so was everything else. The Spanish meatballs, empandas, filet mignon sliders, mac and cheese, all of it was great!

Seriously, this place as great drinks (the mojitos were awesome), a great atmosphere and amazing food. They definitely get packed, so make a reservation or be prepared to wait, even if you go on a Monday.

I will not make another trip to Vegas without going here!
This a great place to meet up with some friends. I went here along with my other friends to celebrate the February Bdays. 
I read the reviews for this place and figured "why not" and give this place a shot. What did I have to lose? Some money and not coming back (that being the worst case scenario).
The wait, I wasnt too thrilled with (had a party of 7). We waited for 45 mins. they were within their projected "wait for a table" time frame. We got thrown (not really) into the lounge area. Which was likely the most comfortable setting in the place (a lil loud, but the couches were comfy).
I liked the variety of tapas..decent prices, great ambiance..I do have to say that a few people whom were waiting for a table were a "hot mess". Lets just say that those were messes, got the party started earlier and hoping to sober up? or perhaps not ? (im thinking not..lol) Technically, they were the entertainment for the night. 
Which is not guaranteed when you visit firefly.haha

I think what made the night was ordering 2 pitchers of Mojitos.
Friendly and patient staff. Very quick to deliver. We came with a big group and the service was great. All the plates were very flavourful. You've gotta try the bacon-wrapped dates! Great tasting and loaded drinks too. Love their 2 for 1 happy hour, the sangria is especially good. Well worth the drive off the strip and more interesting food and better prices than the hotel buffets.
Great place and atmosphere.  Went here for dinner with 5 other friends.  Perfect for sharing tapas and pitches of sangria!  
There was not one bad thing we ordered!  Steak skewers, mushrooms, cerveche, artichokes, calamari, everything was soooo yummy!  Bathrooms arent the greatest.  The service was great and it was packed! LOVE IT!  I almost forgot the bacon covered dates! OMG to die for!
A secret place the locals dont want the tourists to know about.  I came here with some of my friends who live in Vegas. Yes its a small place inside a little strip mall but  the sangria is the BEST you can find in the desert. They also have an outside patio which is great for summer nights. They serve tapas which for those of you who don't know they are more like appetizers and not actual dinner plates. I recommend the steamed mussels. They are soo delicioso!! hmmm... But their Sangria is the best. Their staff is awesome and very friendly. If you are in the Vegas area check out Firefly. There are two locations. This one is on Paradise which is close to the strip. The other location is in old town Vegas down off of Fremont street.
I'm a fan of the shrimp ceviche, stuffed dates, duck rolls, ahi tuna skewers & the mojitos!
Today was the first day that I had been able to go back to Firefly in over 2 and a half years. It would have been five stars easily, if it was based off of my prior experiences, but not so much anymore. Three stars seems too low for a place that use that used to hold a special place in my heart and stomach, so four stars seems about right.

The savory tapas are still delicious.

The standout dishes are:
Tortilla espanola- A potato omelet dish garnished with sriracha sauce and  parsley.
Crispy duck rolls- Fried duck egg roll served with a hoisin dressing.
Camarones a la diabla- A spicy and sweet shrimp dish. Get some extra bread and mop up the sauce.
Shrimp ceviche-  Large chunks of shrimp, avocado, diced onions and bell pepper tossed in lime juice and served with tortilla strips.
Stuffed dates- Dates stuffed with almonds, wrapped in bacon, fried crispy, garnished with goat cheese and parsley. 

If it was not 12:30pm... who am I kidding, if I wasn't driving, I would have been drinking. Remember kids, don't drink and drive. Make someone else be the DD. Their red and white sangrias are delicious. The best part of the drunken state comes from eating the fermented fruit floating around. After a few, it becomes a game to catch them all. Firefly's mojitos are amazing as well. My personal favorite are the mango or blood orange.  Even though it is a rum drink, that uses simple syrup, the fruit juices don't make it overbearingly sweet.

The real disappointment lies in the desserts. I use to love this place for their banana nutella sandwiches and the chocolate tres leches cake, but the former was lacking immensely today. For one, there was hardly any banana in the sandwiches and they were cooked so dry that I needed to ladle the nutella onto it. Don't get me wrong, I would drink nutella, but I want to have the choice to go without it and that was taken away from me. The tres leches cake was delicious, but did it get smaller? Since coming back to Vegas, this has been the first time I looked at a dish and said, "WTF, where is my food?".

I should have gone with my first instinct and gone to the Lunch Box for their waffle ice cream sandwich.
Traditional tapas aren't really my thing. I just determined that I'm not a huge fan of Spanish cuisine thus far (paella is good though...). That being said, I do like small dishes as a concept and Firefly executes this so well without coming off with an ounce of pretentiousness.

This place is very laid back - visually, it has more in common with a nicer bar than a fine dining establishment. But don't let that fool you, the quality of the food here is top notch. Keep in mind though, it lies in a small strip mall with minimal parking, so brush up on your parking lot stalking skills or take a cab.

Here, Firefly offers a wide variety of food in tapas form, but doesn't constrain itself to traditional tapas fare, which worked out perfectly for me. There's also French, American, Thai, and Chinese-inspired dishes here too. We had a decent-sized party, and we went to town here: bacon wrapped dates, french-style mushroom tarts, lamb skewers, filet mignon sliders, the list goes on. There is something for everyone here and everything they did, they did well.

I will happily suggest and introduce this place to others next time I come back to Vegas.
Firefly is a good place to do happy hour.... They have some pretty sweet  HH specials, and the small plates lend themselves well to snacking.  They have lots of flavored mojitos, many of which I've tried (I generally find them a bit on the sweet side) and their famous sangria at a sizeable discount. 

The food, as far as vegan choices go, is pretty limited, but tasty enough.  There's gazpacho (my fave), patatas bravas (minus the aioli), some salads that can have the cheese left off, a lentil dish, and a large plate pasta.  You can fill up if you get three or four of these, but your socks will remain firmly on your feet.  

The service varies - sometimes great, sometimes pretty bad, usually in between.  They serve food pretty late, so it's also a good option for late night snacking. 

For non-veggie people, apparently the bacon-wrapped dates are a little piece of heaven.
I wouldve given them 5 stars if the service was better.  I got there with friends early enough to miss the crowds that usually end up there right before dinner time (5-7pm) The hostess seated us facing the sun..so I really couldnt read my menu, or even see who exactly sat infront of me. I politely asked her if we could move to another booth or table and she said "umm NO"..SO I moved us to another table anyway and flagged down a waiter. UGH rude ass woman..ANYWHO..food was AWESOME! I loved the stuff dates and their fries. The sangria was amazing and fresh! We all had a good time catching up before leaving Vegas..I would DEF recommend this place if your looking for a nice chill spot early in the day..best times to go are btw 1-4pm...crowds WILL show up for the dinner rush  :)
These are not spanish tapas, but tapas style cuisine. It is meant to be shared with the table. It is a good way to be able to sample and try a lot of different foods and flavors. They got dishes influenced from a lot of different cuisines. Some dishes we had were: sliders, calamari, bacon wrapped dates, steamed mussels, lamb skewers, and chorizo stuffed mushrooms. 

They have a nice variety and you can probably find a few that would interest you. Everything we had was good, but a bit heavy though. It could be just what we ordered. Sangria was good. Good meal and I would definately come back...if I have a car in Vegas.
Why is this place so hard to find?!?!?! We drove back and forth and must've passed it like 10 times! Don't know why...it's right there at the edge of the plaza. They need a bigger sign or something because we almost gave up! 

The food was tasty, but if I were to go back, I wouldn't order the same things. 

STUFFED DATES - these were my favorite. Very intensely sweet and salty. I wish there were more! 

MAC N CHEESE - I liked how the mac and cheese was extremely cheesy, however it was too salty. 

FILET MIGNON SLIDERS - the sliders were very yummy! I loved the cream sauce and the onion straws. There were leftover straws on the plate that I just wanted to eat up! I didn't think the "filet mignon" was all that special though...tasted like normal burger meat to me!

FRIED CALAMARI - you can't go wrong with these, ever! 

RED WINE SANGRIA - This I did not enjoy. I wanted to see more fruit, I wanted it to be more refreshing. 

I definitely think this is a nice alternative to the typical Vegas buffets, all while getting the same great variety!
I was there for 3 days for some concerts and we stumbled on this place using yelp.  We got there around 1am and we waited in the bar area for about 10 minutes then we were promply seated.  Tapas were amazing Top picks

Atmosphere is dark candel lit with a casuall hang out and drink place.

1. sliders were seasoned and cooked perfectly.
2.Both shrimp dishes were specatular
3.Even the bread they give you at the start is awesome. 
4. chicken cheese chorizo mushrooms were amazing as well.

Get off the strip and come here for dinner or just to grab a drink.  You wont be dissapointed.
Firefly was awesome - everything was delicious!!!
Here's what we had (we shared everything):
The garden salad
Roasted eggplant cannelloni
Albondigas
Empenada
Chicken & chorizo stuffed peppers
Steak & mushroom skewers
Firefly fish sticks
Fried calamari
Paella
Their sangria is sooo good!!  The dates are a must,so are the croquetas and empanadas!! Everything I had was ridiculously good. Price wise, not bad well worth it.
Not a fan.
Food is just OK
Atmosphere is just weird
Wait sucks
Not for me.
Sangria is good, but not the food.  I've been here twice, maybe three times and tried a variety of dishes.  The atmosphere was cool, but maybe I'm not a spanish cuisine person?  My date and friends love this place, so I think you either hate it or love it.
On separate occasions that I've gone, I have never EVER been disappointed and consistency is hard to come by nowadays. 

[AMBIANCE] 
your average I want to be chic but still chill and mellow
[SERVICE] 
friendly, pleasant, nothing less..
[FOOD]
 I cannot get enough of their menu, eclectic but not overbearing. 
With that said, these are my recommendation
+ crispy duck rolls 
+ paella (can never go wrong with that choice...not at firefly anyway)
+ Steak and mushroom skewers (not the most amazing thing on the menu, but if you're a carnivore like myself, it's always a must)
+ firefly fries - now this is not technically my recommendation but it was a good side, comparable to the truffle fries @ yardhouse
[DRINKS] 
if you're in Vegas and you want to bring the wild someone out of someone without the mess I recommend a pitcher of this creeper!
[OVERALL]
for someone who likes to get the most out of a buck, it's not bad. Be prepared its TAPAS style so don't expect hefty-size helpings, but a great place for big parties where you just want some good food, good conversation and again at vegas...it a change from the unusually LARGE meals and buffets
Best mojitos and tapas EVER! Moreso the mojitos.. just sayin. $28 bucks for a pitcher? Yes sir! Always busy, always... but the food and drink make up for it.
Wow.  Seriously great food, service, and overall experience. 

Husband & I ate at Firefly on St. Patrick's Day, Thursday 3/17.  We arrived around 11:30 p.m.; I thought it would be packed & kind of obnoxious, but it wasn't at all.  We sat on the patio, which had plenty of heat lamps, and were seated immediately. 

Everything was great.  The food was fabulous.  The only thing we had that I wouldn't recommend was the tomato/basil soup (tasted like something we could buy in bulk from Costco) but everything else was super tasty - baked tetilla, chorizo clams, empanada, terra y mar skewers, and the flan.  With 6 plates, we were stuffed...total bill was $42.  I like it!

Service was great, with our drinks being filled often, and although we had two servers, it didn't cause any confusion.  I would  highly recommend Firefly for anyone visiting Vegas.  And, they're open until 2 a.m.!
Tapa Delight

The Gist:

*A random strip mall with pretty intense restaurants that inhabit the place
*Cute little lounge
*I think the table an inch away is eavesdropping...
*Pitchers of sangria- too bad I'm driving straight to Cali right after!
*Small dish of olives & "croutons" came out to entice the palate 
*Ceviche & both kinds of empanadas were good
*Servers were nice & cleared out plates efficiently 

My quick visit cost me about $23 for three small plates. I'll probably want to give this place another shot to taste the "must-haves" of the menu...but that depends on if anyone else is in the mood for some tapas.
Firefly was really happening! It's casual, but still has a lot to offer in terms of ambiance.  We had the gaspacho, artichoke toasts, fried calamari, and chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms.  All were excellent except for the mushrooms which were a little dry.  To top it off they make a good mojito.  Good food and a great price!!!
This restaurant was suggested by one of our masseuses at the Bellagio.
It is a very popular restaurant as evidenced by the folks who were waiting when we arrived.  The weather was a little cool and rainy this particular evening.  They have an adjunct semi-open patio that was open, but a little cold for some.  My wife and i opted for the patio and  were seated immediately.  It was comfortable enough under a patio heater.  Nothing like a Ketel One on the rocks to help ward off the cold. Tip:  Instead of ordering a martini, just order on the rocks.  They charge .50 extra , but they bring the drink in a large cocktail glass.  

The tapas menu was extensive and we sampled many dishes: shrimp, filet and chorizo skewers, stuffed dates with bacon,  warm spinach salad, baked tetilla ( tomato and cheese fondue) were some of them.  I did sample their sangria and it was fruity, but not overbearingly sweet.

If you're looking for a casual restaurant off the Strip with great tapas, then Firefly should fill the bill.  The prices are very reasonable and a nice  respite from all the glitz on the boulevard.
I absolutely LOVE Firefly.  I come here pretty frequently, only because my friends from out-of-town have fallen in love with the restaurant just as much as I have and always need to get their fix whenever they come into Vegas.  This place can get pretty packed and wait times can be crazy around dinner time, but trust me.. if you've got the time, it's worth it!  

I almost always get... 
- calamari
- stuffed dates
- mushroom tart
- ceviche
- mac & cheese
- filet mignon sliders
- steamed mussels
- firefly fries
- sparkling sangria 

The spread that's given with your breads is also heaven, mmmm.
barely a 3 if that... yelpers dunno what's up with all the high reviews

tapas bar with bar tasting food. i used to live in spain so i love tapas. i expected so much from this place with all the great reviews.

bread with tomato jamon serrano and machego cheese, the quality of the jamon here sucks, the bread was soggy by the time i actually got it because they at first forgot the ham and cheese, then they came back with just cheese, then had to go back for the jamon.. boo

jamon and machego cheese plate was a disappointment, the ham is poorly sliced  (too thick) and  like a said earlier low quality

tortilla espanola, dry without flavor, like they made it a long time ago and just had it sitting out, sauce was weird

patata bravas were good, nothing noteworthy
 camarones al ajillo actually the best thing we ordered
ribs with mango sauce... my friends liked it but i didn't
filet with mushrooms, not bad nothing special

hugely disappointed with this meal, i skipped dessert, left hungry with lots of food on the table. they kept bringing the food out really quickly that we ran out of space on our table, plates were hanging off the sides of the table. you would think that either #1 the waiter would tell us we ordered too much or #2 they would bring things out a a slower pace than 3 plates at a time.
Preface: On Friday & Saturday nights - naturally the busiest nights - they do NOT accept reservations for small parties.  Expect about an hour wait, but the cocktail bar makes it go by quickly.

The entire experience with Firefly was pretty good.  It was jam packed on a Saturday night when we showed at 7:30, and we did wait about an hour for our small two-top in the back corner.  The restaurant is pretty small and it was full of larger parties - more than one bachelorette party, or so I'm assuming by the amount of pink boas and other paraphanaelia I noticed.

I enjoyed almost everything we had.  Started with a pitcher of red sangria and it was amazing.  A little sweet though; by the end of the pitcher we couldn't even finish our last glasses.  Then again, both the bf & I are dry martini drinkers, so don't let my experience sway you from trying it.

We had the tuna tartar - awesome, shrimp ceviche - awesome, surf & turf skewers - awesome, & mac n cheese - passable.  I live for mac n cheese, and I could have lived without this one.  It was extremely sharp in flavor, and that's just not my style.

The only thing I didn't try that I really wanted was the cherry chocolate bread pudding, which I hear is great.  Next time.

Five stars for the atmosphere, cocktails & service.  Four stars for the packed in tables (I couldn't get out of my seat without bumping the table next to us...and I'm not a big person) and food.  Next time I'd like to try the patio seats and maybe on a weekday when it isn't so crazy packed.
Yummmmmmmmm!
Best little Tapas joint in Vegas !! If it's busy, it's worth the wait.  Red Sangria is very nice with lots of apple in it.  This is always my  favorite location
Great food at extremely reasonable prices!  A must stop for me when I'm in Vegas.
thanks jujuan for taking us here for our first night in Vegas. 
the food was awesome, the service was on point, and we had 6 small plates and 2 cocktails for $60. we were stuffed and couldn't even finish everything. the shrimp ceviche was fresh and yummy. 

best part, all locals there
I love EVERYTHING I ordered here. Which is almost everything on the menu. My favorite is the lentil salad. I try to come here as often as I can.The desserts are delicious. Especially the chocolate leche cake. It's sooo good!  Milky & not to sweet . I always get the pitcher mojito's or pitcher sangria.
 
Service is always on point even if you come w/ big groups. They are always on top of everything. The restaurant is always clean & I like the red decor. Best tapas in vegas!
Friday afternoon and I had to go pick up a package from MGM Grand. I looked for a new place to try out in the strip area, found Firefly and asked my husband out for dinner. 

My overall impression was very good. They have inside and patio seating. We went on a Friday around 6 o'clock and it was very crowded and load. However, the atmosphere was very warm and inviting. The front page of the menu had all their cold and warm tapas and the back side had their entres and the drinks listed. 

At the beginning they bring complementary bread, black olives, and spread platter. OH MY, that was tasty. We even ordered a second one. 
We had a peach mojito and the spicy potatoes as appetizer. Then we had paella as entre.  The potatoes were good. They were served hot and had a spicy mayo sauce over them. The paella was good, too. I have had better paella but that was in Barcelona.
This is now the 3rd time I've come to Firefly. It's become a ritual where every time I'm in vegas we eat at Firefly for one of the nights. The food is absolutely delicious and very reasonably priced.

Definitely get the Tiera y Mar skewers, the patatas bravas, and the banana nutella sandwiches. The thai beef salad is also really good!
This place is delicious. I came here with a large group of 9 and we were given excellent service. The food is very unique and delicious. The calamari is fantastic and so are the artichoke toasts. Has just the right amount of spices that make your mouth tingle. The empanadas were cooked perfectly and not greasy like other restaurants. The ingredients inside many of the dishes are unique and very flavorful. Next we tried skewers which were good but nothing really to write home about. We ordered more food but it wasnt stuff that i eat so i cannot comment on it. I will say though that this is my husbands favorite place to eat at and we shall go again soon.
We gave this place a try after reading a few reviews on Yelp. The place was packed mid week!  We go seated in about 20 minutes which seemed fair for a full restaurant. Our the service was quick and helpful with the menu selections. The almond stuffed dates are awesome! The sangria was pretty good too!  A definite must when we come back to Vegas.
I had the privilege to go here for a girlfriend's 30th birthday party. There were just 6 of us and we were seated right away at a table near the door (which was perfect so we could see our friends arrive). We started with a pitcher of red sangria, which was absolutely perfect. It goes down WAY too easy.

We ordered dishes bit by bit. The highlights were:
Bacon wrapped dates - a must have whenever you come here
Lox on toasted brioche, creme fraiche, tomatoes, capers with a dill vinaigrette - So light and an excellent new find
Tomato basil bisque- I HATE tomato soup usually...until I tried this...served with a grilled cheese sandwich.
Calamari - will a garlic lemon aioli...not good for you but so dang tasty

The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the ahi tuna skewers. They weren't awful but they just didn't do it for me. Too much pineapple and mango and not enough tuna. Gotta take the good with the bad.

Our server was pretty attentive until the end. It was close to midnight and we wanted a round of shots to cheers the end of my friend's 20's. By the time he came back...there was 3 minutes left. We didn't get them until 5 minutes after so we were a bit bummed but still bid her last decade farewell.

Overall it was a great night and we had a blast...will be back soon :)
Was a solid place to get some great food and drinks. Went in expecting to grab a snack before dinner, walked out with a $80 bill for 2 after devouring 14 plates of food, 3 drinks and desert. Left with full stomach, and couldn't have been happier! 

Food was good, tasty, but not over the top or extremely exciting. There is so many things to choose from it makes it hard to hold back. A local spot that deserves to be visited in Vegas. You'll be missing out if you don't go!
Oh my goodness , do I ever love this place.  Tapas is my absolute favorite, and this place is heavenly.  It's a few blocks off the strip (cab it people, don't walk), and it's happily not as Vegas-y and glitter-y as other Vegas establishments.  We had a variety of tapas plates, but the mac and cheese was my favorite.  The white sangria was also delicious with lots of fresh fruit.  You won't be disappointed!
Nice little place. Great atmosphere; average service; pretty people. Get the Ahi Poke if you like fish!
This was my first time having tapas and I am definitely coming here again the next time I'm in vegas! Not too pricey either. It's good to go with some friends and order a bunch of plates to share! The shrimp and filet mignon skewers were to succulent, flavorful, and very well cooked.. I'm salivating as I yelp! Check this place out for sure!
I just got back from an experience at Firefly meeting with a friend to have dinner. I wanted to get this review in quick before I forgot about all the little nuances and why it is getting a 3-star rating , instead of the 4 or 5 it should have gotten.

First, I want to point out that I am a huge fan of Firefly. It is one of my favorite spots in Las Vegas and honestly if I'm going to have tapas I am going to go to Firefly. Personally my favorite Firefly was the one in The Plaza downtown, but since I cannot review that one since it is now closed *sad face*, I will be satisfied with the location on Paradise.

First off, this location's parking situation has always irritated me. And  often when they do valet I just can't believe it. It's a ridiculous situation. But that is the least of my complaints for tonight. First let me begin with the service - it was "okay". The food came out quickly, none of our meals were forgotten, but when it came to delivering our check, the waiter dropped the ball - BIG TIME. He came and asked us if we wanted dessert and we said no, he asked if we wanted more drinks, we said no. This is a clear indication that we wanted OUR CHECK. Our check never came. We sat for a little over 30 minutes and we were forced to wave down a girl, who was not even our server so we could get our check. *sigh*

This was a bad experience, I must admit, because all of my other experiences at Firefly have been superb! Both at the Paradise AND Downtown location.

What about the food? Well, I strayed from my favorites this time ( I LOVE the shrimp ceviche, it is SO delicious). This time I had the artichoke toasts. These were good and the aioli on them made them delectable! However, I also had the empanada (probably the worst empanada I've ever had in my entire life). And the mushroom tart. Here's what I have to say about the mushroom tart: it's too big for a tapa, unless you're sharing, it's too rich for a tapa, and I really wish I had known that.

On this occasion I did not have sangria, but I do highly recommend it based on my previous experiences, especially if you are in a large group - spring for the pitchers! 

Lastly - the banana Nutella dessert IS absolutely delicious and although I did not have it on this visit I highly recommend it. 

I will absolutely go back to Firefly, but I think I'm going to stick to my favorites from now on: ceviche, the fries, and the artichoke toasts. I really wish I could have given a better review, but just based off the tapas I ordered and the poor service, only a 3-star rating it shall be until I make a return trip.
My wife and I visited Firefly during a recent trip to CES.  Locals and our LA friends recommended this place to us.  The food is pretty tasty.  In fact I was impressed.  I recall our waiter being super friendly.
Easy cab ride from The Strip. Excellent sangria - get a pitcher! There was a table limit of 1.5 hours when we were there - not sure if that's always the case. Quick service. Charming place, good menu variety, worth the cab fare. Enjoy!
My partner is suffering from food poisoning right now as I write this review - thanks alot firefly.  We assume it's from the chicken skewers or an apple salad - these are the only things I didn't try of his, Thank God.  We ate around 8pm on 4/25/11, he was throwing up by 11:30pm.  It's 2:21am now and he's still praying to the porcelain god.  This is horrible and obviously we will never come back - I feel disgusted and almost want to ask you for a fucking refund.  We weren't expecting a side of salmonella or e Coli with dinner tonight.  Also, thanks for ruining what was a great vacation thus far.
Off the Strip with a solid tapas selection and offering giant pitchers of your choice sangria or mojito, Firefly was a great reprieve from the extravagance of Las Vegas' strip. The food wasn't necessarily phenomenal but all of the dishes were good. And the prices were very reasonable (rare considering its locale...).

They had all of the basics - stuffed dates wrapped in bacon, patatas bravas draped in what tasted like a chipotle mayo sauce, Serrano ham and cheese croquetas (quite rich), stuffed picadillo peppers with goat cheese - and they all tasted the way they should. 

If you're in Vegas and are looking for a quick escape back to normalcy, head here to load up on some well-priced pitchers along with a satisfying sampling of small plates.
This is one of my favorite places to go to!  It's a great place, so it's always crowded, even with reservations, you'll have to wait a little.

All the dishes are great, the waiters and bartenders are very customer oriented, but the hostesses are OK. They forget they are the first ones customers see when we walk in and they have to finish their conversations before accommodating us. Hence the 4 stars. 

This place is perfect for dates, intimate ones, and also groups- girls' night, birthdays, etc; any kind of celebration; The vibe makes you really happy yet relaxed; but never sleepy =)

They need to open up a few more!!!
This place is Awesome! On top of having the best looking date in the entire restaurant, the food was remarkable! It was her idea to come here, and I have to say, it was worth every penny! The downfall was the wait however, i think that has a lot to do with the fact that i was starving...everything seems long when your hungry or in a hurry. Overall a great experience. 

Open late, nice relaxed atmosphere, unbeatable prices and unparalleled taste! Filet Mignon for like 12 bucks ! go figure! Anytime I visit vegas you will find me here at some point! 

Keep up the great work and hey whenever you want to open a Firefly in Los Angeles, or Los angeles area, Contact me for the grand opening! I will be there with bells on! lol May be interested in investing in it! lol Buy some stock, hell i'll sleep there and wake up too it! lol Hope this helps someone definitely go here!
I was visited Firefly last weekend on Friday night and I have to say bacon wrapped dates!  That was the best part of dinner.  The ambience was trendy and the service was quick and polite.  Besides the bacon wrapped dates, which were amazing we had the filet mignon sliders, which were good but I don't think filet mignon should be served in a burger.  It takes away from what it is.  We also had the patats bravas and skewers which were good as well.  I tried the sangria, which was good but a little too sweet and light on the alcohol for my taste.  The reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because while we were waiting to be seated outside because it was so crowded all the smokers were lightiing up right outside the door and it was super gross coming from a nonsmoker.  They should designate a smoking area.  Also, we were seated outside where there are no smoking signs posted everywhere yet we saw some girls smoking on one side and none of the staff people said anything.
This Firefly location has to be our ultimate favorite.  It's unassuming, intimate and the service is pretty good, not to mention, the food is quite spectacular!

First off, it was a great sign when they serve us the bread and we were noshing on it as if we've never eaten bread before.  We can attribute it's deliciousness to the spread it came with.  I wouldn't say it was butter as it had a cheesy consistency and had a strong hint of almonds.  Whatever it was, it's was crack and I'm hooked!

The s/o fell in love with their Bacon Wrapped Dates.  In fact, love is an understatement as the s/o ordered two plates of it.  I'm not a fan of dates but I'll admit, it was a blast for my palette.

We also ordered the Filet Mignon sliders which were awesome,  you can't help but love the fried onions in them!  In addition, the Ceviche was delicious as well as the Empanadas.  I ordered the Stuffed Mushrooms which were just okay.  The filling was a bit dry, it could've used a little sauce or at least a lemon wedge to squeeze over it.  Lastly, the Mac and Cheese were like wow, it's not your Mac & Cheese in a box, that's for sure!

Overall, Firefly has become one of our fave restos off the hustle and bustle of the Strip.  It'll definitely be a spot we'll hit every time we're in Vegas!
I had originally booked the downtown location for my wedding reception.  They had promised the entire dome room all to ourselves.  10 days before the wedding, and only after I called them THEY CANCELED!!  They had me relocate to the paradise location and sharing the room with all of the other patrons including a party of cross dressers that looked like they would have been more comfortable in football uniforms.  At this point you are probably wondering how and why I gave them 5 stars.  The food!  Oh my Lord the food was amazing!  Most of our guests had never had a tapas meal and were concerned when the first tapas of bacon wrapped dates came out.  This was the best thing I have tasted in quite some time!  We had 5 additional tapas following.  We had the ham & cheese croquettes, the spicy shrimp, chicken skewers, steak & mushroom skewers and mango ribs.  I did not even have any ribs and I was stuffed to the gills.  Everything was so delicious it was easy to ignore the fact it wasn't our ideal setting.  The drinks flowed like water.  It was an amazing night we will never forget.
OMG!  So, my girls and I went last weekend and couldn't stop eating!  Seriously, I think between the 4 of us we ate almost everything on the menu.  I love the local vibe because sometimes, the strip can feel a bit contrived.  Best item on the menu is the bacon wrapped fig.  AWESOME!
Firefly on Paradise.  We'd been to the Plaza location and LOVED the food.  Arrived about 8:00 pm, got seated immediately.  HOLY COW, is that place crowded and noisy, a little too much for hubby, after about 15 minutes he was ready to bail, but held in there.  It's also kinda dark.  I do hope the Plaza location opens again, much nicer atmosphere.  We had a great server.  There were three of us for dinner.  The food is outstanding, together we ordered:
Bacon wrapped almond stuffed dates - 5 stars
Chicken salad - 5 stars
Veggie Empanada - 4 stars
Chorizo & Chicken stuffed mushrooms - 5 stars
Filet Mignon sliders - disappointing, dry, 2 stars
Lamb Skewers - 5 stars
Steak & Mushroom Skewers - 5 stars
Ahi Tuna Skewer - 4 stars
$75.00 total
WAY too much food, but took a doggie bag back to the room, had a cooler with ice and ziplock bags!
I swear to god, I tried almost every. single. dish. And I honestly wanted to love this place but everything was mediocre at best. 

The best part of the meal was the paella, but the seafood here just isn't very fresh - you know when shrimp gets mushy/rubbery when frozen? And I can't believe I dropped so much for those "filet mignon" burgers which were so overrated! I would recommend against the sangria as well which was wayyy too sweet. 

The people were really nice, and it's good for groups, but it's really just not very good food.

Sorry Firefly!
It's F*ing dark in here. Sorry, not a fan of dim lighted areas, service sucked, didnt get my food till about 30 mins of sitting down and do not come here for dinner. Portions are small and probably a place just to kick it at
Small plates, yes. Tapas, no.

OK, so it's the Vegas strip, which makes me apply my sliding scale and give this place 2 stars (in NYC it would get one, or if Yelp allowed it, zero).

It's crowded, dark, and festive. OK - so far I'm thinking we're starting off right. Then we get the drinks. Way watered down. And expensive. Then came the food. If anyone who does food prep in this restaurant has ever been to Spain, I'd be surprised.

I'm all for innovation, but only when the results are worth it. The better tapas were completely forgettable, the rest were actually bad. Seriously. Have the people who give this place a good review ever eaten good food? Or were they too drunk off the (weak) crappy drinks to notice?
WOW! This place off the strip really nails it! Fantastically priced and portioned. The signature mojitos and sangria go down very easy. Open late and serves food late!
Sangria is the best in Las Vegas and you can't beat it at $3 a glass at happy hour.  Food is good not great.  Best happy hour in Vegas in my opinion.  They even bring you out a free appetizer.
This tourist couple discovered Firefly watching the Travel channel about 10 years ago and have been coming here on every visit to Las Vegas every since.   The mojitos are excellent!  Love how the menu is structured around small plates that are around $5 each so you can try lots of different items and order more as you need to.  This particlarly good if you have a group of about 4 and are willing to share.  You might call it tapas inspired because it isn't Spanish food - just small plates of many different kinds of food.

Over the years it seems to have turned from a quiet, low key place to a much louder, trendy place but we still love it.  Lots of vegetarian options!  The roasted eggplant canneloni, and stuffed peppers are especially good.
My sister and I went here to experience something in Vegas with a bit of local flare and we were not disappointed! I too agree that the dates are a must have as well as the sangria! Go here if you want some great food, a good atmosphere and affordable prices!
For a spot that boasts good food n hip atmosphere their closing hours are a downer. Who closes at midnight in Vegas. Come on man
We are in Las Vegas at least 10 times a year and always have dinner at the Firefly.  We have never been disappointed with either food or service.  The best value around for food quality--and the sangria is some of the best around.  The firefly fries are always a hit when we bring people here.  The menu is so varied that it is perfect for any palate.
It was such a delight living right down the street from Fire Fly's... We could even walk home since it was so close to where we were living at the time.  My favorite thing about this amazing place is its Mojitos!!! Amazing!! I never liked mojitos til I ordered them here!! (and yes them about 4 or 5) lol 

My favorite tapa is the mushroom tart and mac'n cheese as well as the steak and mushroom skewers.  Oh and wait if you like tres leches cake you must try the chocolate tres leches!!! it is soooo decadent and such a treat!!! I have even tried to dupicate it and it just doesn't come out the same!! 

Love this place!
It was a busy Saturday night.  We waited about half an hour to get seated, which was fine.  The food was good, but the SERVICE, was what makes it a true 5-star experience.  The mussels & and the flan were probably my favorite.. the octopus was a bit over cooked but still tasted alright.  I highly recommend this place!!
This place is incredible!  bacon wrapped dates, filet sliders, mac cheese, thai beef salad, empanadas, tuna tar tar!  be sure to always order a pitcher of sangria (i like to get one red and one every time!)  Can get crowded during rush hours!
I love love love this place!!!  My fiance & I like to visit Firefly when we visit LV, which is pretty often.  I love the tapas thing they got goin' on.  The sangria is delicious and my very favorite thing on the menu is the stuffed dates yum yum yum!  

I've been to their other location, but the one in downtown definitely has a better ambience and view.  The location is great as it sits at the end of the downtown arcade thing.  

The only dumb thing about this place is how early it closes.  I think we went around 12am one time & it was already closing.  What restaurant closes at 12am in LV?!  boooo...lame
Oh so yummy!
My friend who is an ex-resident of Vegas recommended that I stop by Firefly and try their delicious tapas. The selection of tapas makes decision making for the indecisive quite difficult. Though, almost instinctively, the bacon wrapped stuffed dates caught my eye...like I have bacon radar or something. And yes, they are as yummy as my fellow yelpers have indicated. The best part, aside from the obviously delicious little crispy ruffled pork jacket gently caressing the date, was the surprise bit of almond thoughtfully placed inside date adding in the perfect crunch, texture, and flavor. We also tried the mac n cheese, which was quite rich and filling; the filet sliders, perfectly cooks little burgers with cheese and fried onions; the veggies and lentils, which were surprisingly flavorful, and the best of all, the crispy duck rolls. The duck rolls with hoisin sauce were so crispy and tender, I wanted to order two more helpings. All in all, we ordered five plates and felt pretty full afterwards. And, the bill was really reasonable. It was pretty refreshing to dine off the strip, eat a really delicious meal, and not feel like your wallet just got hijacked. We will definitely be back on our next visit.
I wish I didn't have to drive to this place from the Mandalay Bay so I could have had more sangria!

Arrived in Vegas around 8pm.  Drove over to Firefly where there was only a 10 minute wait for the two of us.  It was a Friday night and it was busy so I was surprised the wait was so short.  Our hostess, server, and bussers were all very nice.  The sangria was so good and pretty strong.  We ordered a handful of tapas as well. 

Mushroom tart - AMAZING.  

Veggie Empanada - Not as good as I hoped it would be.  I wish I had skipped that and ordered another mushroom tart.

Mac 'n' cheese  - Definitely some of the best mac 'n' cheese I've ever had!

Fries - Good but the aioli tasted like nothing :(

I will definitely come back here the next time I'm in Vegas, but I'll be sure to either take a taxi or not be the DD!
First time dining here on 05/20/10.  The experience here was wonderful.  We tried ...
-Stuffed dates
-Chorizo clams (the best)
-Filet mignon sliders
-Albondigas (meatballs)
-Red Sangria
-Tres Leche cake
All the items were great, I highly recommend the Chorizo clams if you enjoy clams... 
I will definately be back for more!
yum! my friends and i came here for dinner on friday and lunch on sunday :) it's perfect for a girls who want a variety of yummy tapas in small but not tiny portions. we had the stuffed dates, artichoke toast, tuna tartare, veggie empanadas, mac n cheese, and more... try it, you'll like it! oh, my friends had red sangria and like it a lot, too.
Great lively atmosphere, good drinks, cool hangout spot for small groups. Too bad Latin Night (Salsa dancing) wasn't profitable enough for the place, so it got shut down, but next time I'm in LV, I'll def come back.
Amazing! I am gluten free and have not had stuffed peppers since I started on the diet. There gluten free menu was very extensive and delicious! I ordered three different plates because I couldn't decide. I ate every bite! Awesome pricing...no complaints
Went with a group of friends and had a wide selection of dishes. Very good with the octopus and lamb chops my favorites. Service was first rate.
Alright, since it doesn't seem to be pass yet, I'm going to qualify my review by saying I spent two weeks in Spain, and the tapas here would be gobbled up just as quickly there.

Also, be prepared for a wait if you eat here.  They do take reservations, but even then, due to the nature of tapas, you might end up waiting a bit for your table.

For starters, the red sangria is delicious.  Hands down the best sangria I can remember, and deceptively strong.  The first time I had it, I underestimated it, and got close to embarrassingly tipsy in front of co-workers.

Almost all of the food is done perfectly, too.  The favorite of myself and my co-workers is definitely the boquerones - little bites of heaven.  I'm not exaggerating when I say we almost order a plate for each person at the table.  The tastiest slivers of sardine with roasted peppers and avocado - amazing.

The pulpo asada is hit or miss, but when it hits, it is probably some of the best octopus I've had state side.  The salmon tartare is really, really good, too.

Stuffed dates are rich, but very, very good.  Patatas bravas are spicy and crisp, and wouldn't be out of place in Barcelona.  This place cooks a mean steak, too.

Everything else on the menu (yeah, I've tried just about everything) is good.  The only disappointment I've had is with the shrimp - not that it was bad, per se, just not up to the standard set by the other seafood dishes.
the MF"N best tapas...I live in SD and I always stop in for dinner here when I am in town.
Ate three meals during our 2 nights' stay, and two of those were at this place!! Had we stayed longer, we could have eaten there everyday for another 2 months at least.. lol..

Everything we tasted were great, but by far my favorite is the lentils.
My first impression was, "A hidden find off the strip."

You wouldn't be able to tell from the outside all the goods this little restaurant has to offer on the inside. They have a cute little patio where you enter, and inside the ambiance is cool, mellow, and has a lounge/bar area. Little did we realize we were ordering plate after plate of Spanish tapas. The prices were very reasonable and the portions were typical of tapas entrees. We tried several, however, one thing that I crave and would definitely go back for were their stuffed dates. They were absolutely amazing. These little dates are wrapped in bacon, stuffed with smoked almonds and blue cheese, and all grilled under red wine. Sounds irresistible right? You'll see why yelpers rage about these little delectable bites. If you're planning on trying something off the tourist list while visiting Las Vegas, this is one you must try!

The lasting impression? "Great place for small bites with a side of wine or a series of mini plates for a creative meal."
Headed to Firefly for a late lunch. Per yelpers rave reviews, tried the dates wrapped with crispy bacon and had a surprise almond inside. This was a really good combination. 

Stuffed red peppers: Very good, stuffed with creamy goat cheese and covered in red sauce.

Calamari sautteed - can't remember what this was called but the calamari had chopped tomatoes. I didn't really like this as the calamari was very soft and mouchy. A little weird to me.

duck rolls - big rolls deep fried with lots of shredded duck meat and hoisin sauce. Good stuff. I think if it had a little less meat and some other element like green onions. Kinda like how chinese eat peking duck that would be better.

Also tried to be healthy by getting a Big Bowl of Salad. Refreshing, light and healthy.

The staff was attentive, they also brought some yummy garlic bread, and the food came out super fast. The red sangria was also fabulous!
I had my wedding reception here that hosted about 70 people. The planning process with their event coordinator, Valeria was very professional and very accomodating. I was able to bring in my own decorations. They set everything up for us and it was amazing! 

Now lets talk about the food. We did the Meal #2 plan I believe, which consisted of 5 tapas: bacon wrapped dates, albondigas, artichoke toasts, and the other 2 I can't remember because I was busy with everything.. They were all amazing! I wish I was able to eat more and enjoy it! We had a salad included in our meal. For the main course, we had steak freitas... AMAZING! and some type of rotissorie chicken. We had seafood paella with the main course and it was one of the best  We also had chocolate cake and flan that was served as the dessert. Oh, and the bar was very convienent as well since it was just for our guests.

Overall, the restaurant staff was great. They were all very welcoming and catered to every need. We had our own private banquet room that fit everyone perfectly. The only downside was it was a bit hot in there. I do plan to eat there the next time I am in Vegas. If I were driving by I probably would have not stopped to eat, but I did find the reviews on yelp very helpful in selecting this location for my wedding reception!
Had an amazing time here yesterday with about 6 of my "mommy" friends. We drank..we ate..we drank some more. This place is perfect for a big group like ours was. We chilled out on the U shaped sofas. Our server was great & took excellent care of us. I drank my usual watermelon mojitos. They were perfect. And I ate the stuffed dates & shrimp ceviche. They were both perfect as well. I cant wait to come back here again!
yummy tapas? good.
pitcher of sangria? good. 
whats not to like about firefly???

what i ate:
- mushroom tart: puff pastry filled with a delicious concoction of various mushrooms on a bed of creamy cheese. you wont miss the meat in this one, the mushrooms are so earthy.
- bacon wrapped stuffed dates: i LOVE these things. its such a simple tapas, but so tasty. the sweet date pulled the sweetness out of the bacon but the saltiness was still there. the cheese inside balanced everything out with some creaminess, and the nut gave it just the right bite of texture. i could pop these things all night
- steak and mushroom skewers: i wasnt expecting much, i mean this isnt a steak place (ruths chris is right next door). but omg, the steak was perfect! it was tender and perfectly cooked. the mushrooms were a nice balance. i dont know that the sauce was on the plate, but i sopped up the rest with some bread
- empanda: this was also tasty. the meat filling had a nice spice to it, and i loved that it came with a bit of salad on the side. the salad was vinegary, crunchy and fresh. a nice palette cleanser
- sausage plate: i dont know all the different meats that came, but there were four different kinds. came sprinkled with capers and gherkins. 
- firefly fries: you know why these were good? because you know firefly peeled the potatoes and made them on site, FRESH. because these tasted like in n out fries... but BETTER (i know i know, you didnt think it was possible, but these were actually better)
- sangria: light, fresh, fruity but there was still a nice wine flavor to it
- bread: yea, i know who cares about bread when you have yummy food to eat? but honestly, i get turned off by places that dont take details into account. i wasnt worried about the food when i had the bread at firefly. the baguette was good, but the butter that also came out with it was amazing! kept eating it with the rest of our small plates

pros:
- FOOD: i cant rave enough about everything i ate!!! my mouth is seriously watering about all the food we ate. i know its a tapas place, but the portions were generous!!!! i left feeling stuffed! and we didnt even finish everything
- price: 6 tapas plates and a pitcher of sangria for about $70. cheap considering everything we ate! 
- service: server was attentive and always filled our glasses when he saw that they were empty. the busboy was also adorably eager to whisk away our plates. 
- ambiance: definitely a great place to take a date! the patio was nice and cozy with dim lighting. inside was nice too, though CROWDED when i went.

cons:
- the WAIT. they dont take rez on the weekends i think. 
*TIP* try calling ahead and asking to be put on the list. the hostess will politely say, ok, but this does not put you on the actual waiting list and it does not guarantee you a table upon arrival - basically just talk to cover her ass just in case. we did this before we left and got seated right when we got there. awesome! 
- bathroom: i know its a busy restaurant, but my god, this was a bad hollywood club bathroom! paper towels all over the floor, and a line of bitchy girls that stared every girl down as they entered. *shudder* 

would i come again? YES
Great food and atmosphere. The dates and mac and cheese are wonderful. Ate there twice while on vacation !
What hasn't already been said about Firefly? It's one of the best restaurants in town.  Since everyone knows, I'll keep it short.

Beautiful interior, service is superb, food is mind-blowing, diverse menu, awesome location.

The only drawback is how busy this place can get! That's why make a reservation if you ever decide to go!

PRO: Food, Decoration, Service are all great!
CON: Can get a bit busy and noisy during peak hours
Soooooo delish!  It's off the strip (we stayed at the Flamingo, and it was a short walk - maybe a mile), but worth it.  It's all tapas, decently priced, and a friendly, young staff.  You can also check in early so you have a table waiting.
best taps in the U.S
Great restaurant that we go to every time we're in town.  It's just off the strip, and it's a nice way to get away from the long lines and tourists.  They offer both indoor and outdoor seating.  All the tapas are great - some of our favorites are the thai beef salad and the tuna tartare.  Both are very refreshing and a good combination of ingredients.  And of course, their sangria goes with all of their dishes!
Fun and sheik!

Happy Hour was perfect for that hot day in Vegas - pitchers of sangria & mojito couldn't have hit the spot any better!  Loved the dark red ambiance and lounge furniture.
My first impression was, "I'd be back in Vegas just for their bacon wrapped dates with toasted almonds and blue cheese."

Here's a second review of Firefly after being there just a week ago and trying some more tapas plates with my friends. We first ordered a pitcher of red Sangria for the table since it was happy hour (1/2 price on all drinks) and of course, what goes better with Spanish tapas than a nice glass of wine? Our table of four had plenty of wine to share for just $14.00. It came in a pretty tall pitcher, well chilled, and with chopped apples inside for presentation.

-Chorizo Clams (peppers, 2 kinds of spicy sausage, white wine, parmesan toasts) the bits of chorizo mixed with the sauce for a sweet and spicy combination was delicious.
-Steamed Mussles (red curry, white wine and coconut cream) the sauce which really becomes a soup is the feature of this dish. It was rich and flavorful and goes so well with the mussles!
-Stuffed Dates (bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese) must try must try must try. Too out of this world.
-Stuffed Peppers (Spanish piquillo peppers, fresh mozzarella, garlic cream cheese, tomato sauce) The combination was good and they got a lot of cheese in the dish, but the sauce wasn't too impressive. I'd say pass on this one and get more stuffed dates. But good if you love your tomatoes and cheese, pasta sauce taste.
-Mushroom Tart (puff pastry, boursin cheese) Simply good.

The lasting impression? "Check out the photos, you'll be sold. It's a great place to go on a casual date or share a pitcher with little Spanish tapas and enjoy a good meal with a group of friends. It's a nice breather off the Strip in LV."
Great night spot if you don't mind waiting for a table or standing at the bar.  The tap pas are great although they don't update the menu very often which is a bummer.  My go to dishes are the stuffed dates and Mac & Cheese.  You really cant go wrong with anything on the menu.
Fan of Firefly! I love the stuffed dates, mac and cheese, firefly fries, and kobe sliders. I could live off those 4 items at firefly, but it's always fun to try new things because the prices are good and portions are small, so if you don't like it it won't turn into a ruined meal and also won't break the bank. We came on a week night around 730 and the place was still really busy, the nba finals was on in the bar and the place was a little rowdy, but that's fine. I like festive places!
The place is always consistent with it's food offerings, but it does seem to me that portions are getting a tiny bit smaller, the firefly fries used to come in a huge bowl, and this time it wasn't near as big. The mac and cheese used to seem bigger, but maybe that's just me, it was barely enough for two of us to share.

The bill here is always much lower than we expect, and that's including a few drinks, and always seems to surprise us! 
Firefly will continue to be a fun place to go when company is in town, my mother loves this place!
4 solid stars
Read all the reviews and they did not fail me! Love everything that i had here from the stuffed dates ( which are to DIE FOR) to the mac and cheese. Probably had 6 different types of tapas and all of them are very good and mouthwatering! The sangria is good but i prefer the mojito better. They pack it up with a lot of lime that's not too overpowering. The food was excellent (whatever tapas you order, but i definitely love the stuffed dates, tuna tartare and filet mignon sliders -they melt in your mouth... And you're left with the bread) service was good and atmosphere is great. This will definitely be one of my main stops when i visit vegas!!!! Plus it's happy hour!!! So all drinks are half off!!!! Even better!
every thing was awesome!  all the dishes were very flavorful! the mango mojito was very good, i think i could drink a whole  pitcher by myself!
Great Vegas stop for locals AND out-of-towners!!! 

My bf and I decided to stop by here during our latest visit.  

Here's the deal:

- tapas style restaurant..ie small plates
- price ranged from $4-10
- sit @ the bar for the free sampler [includes 3 items--meatball, an egg/fritata thing, and bacon wrapped date]
- get a pitcher of sangria...totally worth it if you are up for a paaaartaay!
- bacon wrapped dates are the bomb.com
- all the skewers were delish
- less than 5 minutes from the strip

highly recommended if you're tired of buffets & fast food on the strip =]
Ate there for the 2nd time (6/22) and it was simply wonderful. The stuffed dates are delicious. Desserts are out of this world. Never a disappointment.
This place is fun and has great food.  I had the Crispy duck roll, Firefly fries, Empanadas, and the Mac n Cheese.  Very tasty.

I will say that I prefer not to go when it's busy. A. The line gets long.  B. It's really loud.  This is the only reason for the 4 stars. :-)

Also, the service has also improved since the last time I was here.  Normally I have to ask for my drink to be refilled.  The buser was right on it this time, filling my drink 3 times.
Love this place. The paella is awesome with a great balance of sauteed chorizo, mussels, chicken and shrimp. One of my favorite tapas meals are the bacon wrapped dates. 

They have a short happy hour during the week but they give half off on all their nice mojitos and the sangria. I personally like the paradise mojito which has the pineapple juice. Definitely a great place for Spanish tapas off the strip.
The tapas size is generally larger than those tapas restaurant that I have been too. Food was delicious. The mussel dish and padron peppers were two of my favorites. Definitely would like to come back when I am in town again.
Firefly is definitely a spot I must go back to each time I take a visit to Vegas.    Their menu consists of savory small dishes called tapas and everything on there just sounded great. They serve complimentary bread. This is always a plus. I tried the Firefly fries (so addicting), thai beef salad, mushroom tart, calamari, filet mignon sliders, paella, and tempura shrimp and veggies. I shared this with five other people, and I was completely satisfied. Oh, and don't even think about leaving this place without having their dessert, specifically their tres leches cake! Absolutely amazing! I'm not a huge fan of cake, but this...this hits the spot! Overall, Firely is a nice place to dine at, especially with a date. I'm knocking off a star just because of how dim it is in there. My eye sight sort of sucks, so I had to place my cell light over the menu to read the menu. Haha
This place is quite small & off the main vegas strip, but the food here will definitely satisfy your stomach!

Bacon-wrapped dates, sliders & firefly fries are a must try!

Check it out whenever you're in Vegas!
Yay!  I'm a big fan!  I will definitely be back here the next time I'm in Vegas and will certainly recommend to all my friends.  Awesome vibe, reasonably priced and the drinks are sooo good.  I've never had white sangria before but one of my friends recommended it to me and so glad she did.  It was tasty and sweet and, as they say on their website, it gave me maximum enjoyment.   This place is excellent for lunch, dinner or happy hour with 50% off all drinks.  Or just stay here all day and enjoy all 3 meals of the day (yes, happy hour in my book is a meal.)

As for food, my friends and I had the stuffed dates, ham and cheese croquettes, crispy duck roll, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushroom and the merguez (spicy lamb sausage, tomato-pepper confit and grilled bread).  I could pass on the croquettes and duck roll but loved the dates, chicken/chorizo and the merguez.  Hmmmm....oh so good.  I think back on all of these oh so fondly.  I'm reading about the mac n' cheese from the other reviewers and I can't believe I missed that one - I think I was just so excited about all the yummy choices, I inexplicably overlooked it (shameful).  

Highly recommend this place.  If you're tired of the other cheap options on the strip or can't afford to go to all of the nice places for every meal (incl happy hour), go to Firefly.  It'll be worth your while.
Awesome!  Affordable, wonderful food - definitely try the sausage and the meatballs!  Sangria was fantastic.  Ambiance was wonderful - sat outside.  Tremendous value for Las Vegas!  Well worth the trip off the strip.  Would most definitely go back again!
I bring my out of towners here.  I'm actually going here tonight, my mom is in town, it's a perfect place close to the hotels.  It's off the strip but it's still fun.  Always crowded, great music, great food, affordable, what else do you want??

Not to sound like a groupie, but the items recommended on yelp are seriously fantastic.  Terra y mare skewers, filet mignon sliders, stuffed dates.  Go with the big guns, fantastic.  I have yet to have a drink here

My personal favorite is mac n cheese.  But how can that go wrong?  Even the Kraft microwavable boxes I find delicious.

Cute date spot, great for a group of friends, love this spot.
Great drink selection including wines, great prices and good service!  The filet sliders are beyond awesome!  

Wayne Gorsek
Why I have not raved about this place yet, I don't know. It's my go-to place when I have visitors, when I just want to sit with a friend over coffee and sangria, dine with family, have a girls' night, a business meeting, or a date. So, really, any damn time is a good time for Firefly.

My besties were visiting this weekend and we made Saturday night a date night, stopping here before hitting the town. The Mrs. had been here with me a couple years ago but this was the first time Mr. had been. Sacrificing virgins to Firefly is a great way to spend an evening!

We knew there would be a wait, so I put my name in and we headed to the bar for a pitcher of the red sangria. Unlike the cold red wine I had recently in another establishment, Firefly sangria is *real* sangria. Real fruit, real care, real flavors. I have come here just for the sangria. Top notch.

The atmosphere, I find, is always one of two things: boisterous and social and fun (without being overwhelmingly loud), or quiet and casual. Tonight was the former, and it was perfect. Patrons at the bar were engaging and personable, yet we still had our space, our own conversations, and time to ourselves while we waited. People watching is a must.

We were offered a table after only ten minutes or so and led to a hightop out on the patio. It was a little warm (duh, I know), and just as they bring heaters outside in the winter, some low-breeze fans would make a difference in the summer. When we were hit with a natural cross breeze, we noticed a huge difference. Just a thought.

Mmmm... FOOD! Stuffed dates, of course. Crispy, rich, and amazing. The Mrs. and I knew this going in. The Mr. is now a fan. Yay! A new disciple!

Eggplant canneloni, one of my favorites. I can't eat pasta, so this is a great, mouthwatering twist of goat-cheesy goodness on an old Italian standby! Molto bene!

Albondigas (meatballs). The Mrs. and I didn't care too much for the dish overall. I found the meat a little dry but raved about the flavors of the sauce. The Mr., however, really enjoyed them.

The ceviche was good as far as the seafood and avocado, but there was too much of the liquid in the dish and it had a little too much of an acidic flavor. 

The gazpacho was FANTASTIC. Some of the best any of us ever had. So fresh, so clean, just this side of spicy, and at once simple and complex in the layering of flavors. Really, really amazing. A must have.

The steamed mussels were good... until we found a rotten one. It was only one, but it ruined the dish for us. On the plus side, the liquid and the mussels WERE very good and tasty, but for that one... So we talked to the waiter, showed him, and sent it back without a replacement (which was offered, of course). It was too bad, truly, and I will be trying them again.

The lamb chops came out medium rare instead of rare and those we had replaced. Everyone was great about it and they came out the second time perfectly cooked, melt-in-your mouth tasty. The bed of veggies and lentils are more than a salad or garnish, but a dish of their own. Also amazing and very well received.

Instead of dessert we opted for a second pitcher of the red sangria and enjoyed the space, each others' company, and the buzz of the people around us. 

Service is always top notch, friendly, and helpful. The hiccups tonight were just that, hiccups. They were addressed as they should be and the experience was still fantastic. A great night and a great example of why this place is a 5-star favorite everytime I go.
We had a large group of 7 and we wanted to avoid the strip prices on our recent vegas trip.  This place is recommended by all of my local friends and very close to the strip.  We were really happy because they serve food until 2am.  We showed up at 11p.  There was a short wait for a table so we opted to put 2 tables together in the lounge.  The lounge area has lower tables and small ottoman looking stools to sit on which are pretty comfortable.

There was light music in background..and we started with 2 ptichers of sparkling sangria.  It was amazing!  They marinate they sangria for 3 days minimum.  

Here is what we ordered:
*Tuna tartare...fresh mixed w avocado and served w taro chips - very good
*Shrimp diablo... good kick slightly sweet - good not amazing
*Firefly fries - awesome!
*Stuffed dates..not for those watching waist but delicious - delicious! one of my favorites
*Ceviche shrimp super bland just taste of lime - would not order again
*Salsa verde chorizo shrimp skewers - one of my favorites
*Filet sliders...covered in scallion blue cheese w a home made mayo with slight kick of cayenne.  THese were good but not amazing.  I was surprised because they had such good reviews.  They come with some fried onions.  The bun was crisp so it is a well executed dish, I just wanted better flavor. 
*Steak skewers w mushroom..sauce is quite bland, parlsey.  Steak cooked to a perfect medium rare - good for a simple eater.
*Mac and cheese excellent not too rich not greasy slightly crisp topping not the overwhelming cheddar taste

This was a great spot for our group and a great light meal for preclubbing.  You can take small bites and share everything.
The lounge has great artwork that creates a sexy vibe against the red walls.

Many large groups were around us and still eating/celebrating different occassions.  I would definitely return on my next trip.  Reasonable prices, good fun and a fun place.
Everything was great.  Service was quick, attentive, and friendly, and not intrusive.  Blood orange mojito was incredible and very refreshing.  The plain mojito was not great, either over-muddled or using old mint, as it was very bitter and the mint was black in places.  The tortilla espanola was the least favorite dish.  It was okay, but the potatoes were underseasoned and undercooked and the dish as a whole was nothing special.  On the other hand, the patatas bravas, the mac 'n' cheese, the steak and mushroom skewers, stuffed peppers, artichoke toast, fried calamari, were all to die for.  I believe we had one other dish as well.  Stuffed peppers were my personal favorite this trip.  Perfect balance of creamy and flavorful, sweet and spicy.  Textures and flavors all went quite well together.  Also, the chocolate tres leches cake was one of the best desserts I have ever had, and I'm not even a chocolate person.  Texture was great, and the bitter cocoa flavor of the chocolate sponge cake balanced the sweetness of the milks.  Firefly is definitely a winner.
When you order the stuffed dates, order 4 orders...
First of all, take a taxi. Being Vegas novices we tried the monorail and besides being expensive we still had to walk nearly a mile in Vegas heat. Our next move was a good one though. We started out with a pitcher of the red sangria which was wonderful. I think we could have downed another pitcher easily, but it was lunch even if we were tourists in LV. The server helped guide us through the extensive menu. Our dishes were overall pretty good though the sangria was better. Standouts included the blue cheese sliders and the bacon wrapped dates.  Skip the paella. It was pricey and mediocre.
This is my go to place for happy hour and taking out of town guests.  Happy hour is daily from 3-6 (5 on Fridays).  The drinks are half off.  Tapas is a great option for a snack or light dinner.  The prices are right and slightly off the strip for visitors.  
My favs are the blood orange mojito and the baked tetilla.
Truly impressed. Every single dish was amazingly good and we ordered about 18 different dishes.  Ceviche lamb chops sangria skewers clams mussels sliders and much more.  All desserts were delish as well.  This will be my Vegas stable in the future.  I enjoyed their sangria which is on the sweeter side - comes in red, white, or bubbly and you can get a pitcher if you want.

Price was very reasonable - $5 - $10 per dish.  We spent over $500 at Del Frisco's the previous night and only around $210 at Firefly for more food, more drinks, and more fun.

We got there around 6:00pm and was fortunate to grab the last 6-seater.  By the time we left around 8:00pm, there was a crazy wait list outside the door.  

If Yelp allows me to give 6 stars, this would be one of the few restaurants that I would give a 6 star!
My first dining experience at Firefly was great and it was definitely not the last time I came here!  The food is delicious, drinks are great and the atmosphere is comforting, what better place to enjoy an evening with your friends right?  

Some of my favorite things to get at Firefly include:

* Red Sangria: Delicious and sweet!  If you are not a fan of sweet drinks, you may not like this, but for those who are still new to wines, the sangria here are a great way to get you started on drinking wine!  They even mention in their menu that they marinate the sangrias three days with fruits to get its full flavor!  Included in the glass or pitcher of the sangria are cubed apples which makes the drink even more fun! 

* Stuffed dates are a must when you come to Firefly, unless you're a vegetarian of course.  But anything wrapped with bacon and baked is dangerously delicious!  Those who are allergic to almond beware, the dates are stuffed with it. ;-) 

* Filet Mignon Sliders:  Delicious and juicy!  The burger meat is very tender and it comes with a side of fried onions, that go really well with the burgers.  This is something that you should not miss at Firefly! 

* Spicy Shrimp: I'm not entirely sure of the exact name, since it was in spanish, but it was delicious!  Beware, when it says spicy, it is sure damn spicy but also flavorful!  

* Shrimp Ceviche: Served with fried won ton chips and has a tangy kick with each bite.  Not salty but very flavorful and refreshing.  

There are many more dishes to get at Firefly, but these are just a few that I recommend getting, especially the first two mentioned.  

Enjoy your experience at Firefly and don't forget! They also serve dessert! =)
So, after eating at countless restaurants on the strip we wanted to try something new. I give this place four stars instead of five because 1) the service is somewhat lacking and slow and 2) the parking issue but other than that, the food is delicious. We had a pitcher of their famous red sangria which is a definite must - sweet and perfect. We had about 8 different plates that we ordered and the portions are small so this was adequate for two people. Out of all the plates the one's that I recommend and would order again are:
*mac & cheese - really very delicious
*shrimp in lemon-garlic butter dish
* shrimp, chorizo sausage, and filet mignon skewers
*bacon wrapped dates
*ham and cheese
*firefly fries


For dessert we had the dessert sampler and the bread pudding. The dessert sampler is not too great and I wouldn't recommend it, but the bread pudding was actually pretty nice. 

This place is JAM PACKED and parking can be hard to find (we lucked out). Highly recommend this place though
Everything on the menu is my favorite here! One of my favorites in Vegas. I always recommend firefly on paradise. Try the stuffed dates,patatas bra vas, and sliders with a pitcher of sangriammmmmmmm
Fantastic. It was our anniversary & we went here with a big group of friends. The food was amazing, we ordered all sorts and every dish was delicious. Our waiter Eduardo was attentive and provided great service. We will definitely eat here again as it's the best Tapas experience I have had in the US
bacon wrapped dates, so good. I've never had a date and I wasn't sure about the blue cheese, but it's just a smokey-bacony bite. 
shrimp ceviche- awesomely good
sliders - ugh i could've eaten 4 of these, what do they put in here??

ps: we thought that there was some weird sweet butter on the bread plate, but it's actually almond butter! yum
I just moved back to town and have been craving the Mac and cheese since I left. I finally went to get it the other nite and it was amazing as always! I also found a dessert I like better than the banana nuttella. The tres leches cake was so good, I can't wait to go back and get another one. The other thing that was amazing was our server Shannon. She was so attentive  and even though she had a big party she was serving we never waited for anything. With alot of bad service I get in Vegas it's so refreshing to get good service and great food at firefly. I'll definitely be back.
I was in Vegas working a show for about a week and hit up Firefly while there. It was a really cool, chill vibe, hard to find in Vegas. I'm vegetarian and it's sometimes a challenge to find good veg friendly food, but I succeeded admirably at Firefly! 

Things to note:

1) It's in a strip mall, which seems weird, but don't let it sway you.

2) The patatas bravas were #$*#@#-ing amazing.  Probably the best I've had a a tapas joint.

3) The wines are a good pour.

The staff was friendly and nice, I was never in want of water.  Of course we were outside and even being 11pm it was balls hot out.  I had a garden salad too which was good.  I tried the veggie empanada which was okay, nothing to write home about.

All in all Firefly was swell, I will definitely go there again.  Not too far from the strip, we were at the Riviera and I think our cab ride was about 10 bones.  Check it out if you're in Vegas and sick of the nasty buffet food.
I have been here a handful of times- ALWAYS a great place. Yes you need to drive here, not a walk from the strip. But so worth it. This last time I got the Mac 'n cheese, meatballs, dates wrapped in bacon, oh and a mojito....so good! It gets busy and noisy-make sure to call for a reservation!
Great little off the strip place to check out. Went here during summer at around 10pm, and didn't want to wait, so just decided to get the first available seat, outside! It was a bit miserable sitting in the heat, but that's when you get a refreshing drink to cool you down!

As for food, almost everything we got was delicious. They use manchengo cheese for their mac n cheese that I absolutely love, and have not seen it ever used for mac n cheese. Got the sliders which were delicious, but I had to scoop off some of the cheese cuz I can only have so much blue cheese. Patata bravas were some of the best I've had at a tapas place

I'll definitely be checking this place out again for a delicious off the trip restaurant.
I normally don't go off the strip for restaurants so this was the exception. I normally have pretty high expectations for tapas and this place didn't disappoint. We had a ton of different tapas and most were dead on. The tuna tartare was good.The stuffed peppers, albondigas and skewers were all really good. My favorite might have been the artichoke toasts. The sangria was okay and the infused vodka was actually really good. The best part is that I felt like we ate and drank a lot and the final tab was probably 1/2 of what I thought it would be! Great food for great value!
Get the sangria!
Very tasty-yes; the stuffed dates are a must.  Nice to find a place in Vegas that's not either cheesy or super high end.   Just a good place to have a nice dinner.
I am late in finishing this review and can't wait to get back!! As mentioned in other reviews this place is off the strip and you can tell mainly for locals. There was a minimal wait to be seated but okay since we were getting started on our pitcher of Sangria. 

I have been to Spain and the tapas here are very authentic and the customer service is excellent. 

What we ate: Red sangria, firefly fish sticks, lamb chops, apple and manchego salad, camarones a la diabla, veggie empanada, chocolate cherry bread pudding, banana nutella sandwich. All delicious!!
I'm still a fan of Firefly, but for some reason I think this place is beginning to rub me the wrong way. Maybe it's because when they had their place downtown I really enjoyed going there over going to the Paradise location and now I'm forced to go to the Paradise location because the downtown location closed.

I went here last night and shared Sangrias with a group of friends and also ordered some ceviche. My boyfriend had never been here before and he didn't seem too impressed. He (and I) were incredibly annoyed by the very, very loud group of girls to the right of us. We were seated in the front part of the restaurant in the couch area and they were directly to the right of us. At times I couldn't even hear my boyfriend and he was sitting right next to me. Good luck trying to hear the other people in my party.

The sangria was good, our waiter was attentive and nice. The atmosphere is the same 'ol. Maybe I'm just ready to move on to a new place...
By far on of the best places in town and not to mention there services was phenomenal our server Carlos was amazing explained and answered ever question I had about the menu, and to think that the only reason I ever came to firefly's was for the passion fruit cheesecake, that is out of this world!!!!
I have to eat here at least once every time I come to Vegas. I thought it was a hidden gem, but noticed a lot of reviews on Yelp.

Either way, the place is the best you can do for the price, and the variety (and huge menu) ensure that everybody is happy.

When it comes to suggestions, get the Dates and be sure to drink Red Sangria. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the duck, but that's like one item out of 60.
This place was hands down the best restaurant I ate at in Vegas - and I ate everywhere.  The neighborhood is shady and it is a strip mall (which normally means I won't even bother reviewing) but the food - omg the food was out of this world.  The prices were perfect, the portions were ample, and the service was phenomenal.  I can not recommend this place enough, just make sure you make reservations!
Good for half off drinks for happy hour! The sangrias are good. only got to try the white sparkling 

 this is all tapas style food which i love cause it is perfect for sharing.. the price was not bad at all.  $10 or less most are below 7.  Any place where they give complimentary seasoned garlic bread with yummy butter is a yes for me
There's only one thing that's bad about this place...  the wait!  This food is as good as it gets and at a fraction of the price you will pay for the big names on the strip.  Its not an elegant dining room, its tight and usually a bit noisy, but the food is AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME.  If you've never eaten here, shame on you.  Come in and order a variety of dishes and you will be BLOWN AWAY by all of them!  Words can't describe the wonderful flavors on the menu.  I moved to Vegas from Orange County just so  I could eat here all the time!
After reading the positive reviews, my friend and I were looking forward to tasting everything on their menu.

I was a little surprised they brought out the food so quickly because we ordered a lot of plates.  I don't know if it was an off night for them, but everything on our table was very sub par, including the bread which was dry, cold, and bland.

Very disappointing to say the least and makes me take more into consideration of other reviewers with a grain of salt.
what an off strip find in vegas..
i'm not sure if you can call them tapas because their portions are so freaken huge.. usually when u go to tapas places their portions are like 2 bites each.. this place nearly doubles those portions.. we went in a big group and ordered about 3 tapas per couple.. plus a paella to share.. and boy that was ALOT of food.. 
the server was really nice and chatted with us even thought they were pretty stacked.. i wish he had told us that we were overordering.. but too much of a good thing is never a bad thing. 
one very cool thing was.. that they forgot to put the seafood into our paella.. i didn't even notice.. until they brought a second one to the table WITH seafood.. that was a sweet doubleup...
highlights are the patatas bravas... tierra y mar skewers.. beef shrimp AND chorizo? i'm in heaven... stuffed dates.. camarones diablas
def a must visit in vegas restaurant.
I've been hearing about Firefly for 2 years now from a co worker and I finally get to try it.

The food was awesome.  We ordered the bacon wrapped dates, lamb skewers, mussels with red curry, smoked salmon toasts, french fries, mac and cheese, and the tres leches chocolate cake.

My favorite were the dates and the chocolate cake. I want to try the paella next time.

We came in around late lunch me, the hubby and kiddies.  It wasn't very crowded  yet so we were able to sit at the lounge area with the comfy sofas and tables.

We will definitely go back again =)
The food is amazing! It's a great place to go with friends and taste a little bit of everything.
After reading such good reviews on Yelp, my husband and I came here on Saturday night. What impressed us was that we arrived at probably the busiest time with no reservation, and had a minimal wait for a table. The mango mojito was definitely something I would have again, and the food was, as the other reviewers stated, very good. Not in my top ten, but I could see myself coming back and bringing friends. 

We ordered the ham & cheese croquettes, ahi tuna tartare, filet mignon sliders, crispy duck rolls w/ cherry sauce, and the dessert plate...no complaints, but next time we will probably order something different off of their expansive menu. 

Some cons - It was very dark inside, to the point that I thought my ahi tuna was tomatoes because I couldn't see. It was very very loud, but I guess that's expected at prime time on a Saturday. There was almost too many servers for the relatively small restaurant. We had a few different people come to our table, and had a hard time remembering who was our actual waiter, and who was just a busser.
We went here before a crazy night our for a bachelorette party. We organized our reservation through a VIP party package which included transportation, a show, and club access on the strip -- and dinner and drinks at Firefly! So in short - we got a great value.

I loved almost everything that was served. My favorites being the veggie empanadas, beet salad, and spicy shrimp.

One of our guests cannot have peppers and unfortunately there were peppers in a lot of the foods, but, I suppose this should be expected with Spanish tapas.

The sangrias were delish! Restaurant was VERY crowded and a little loud. Ambiance was trendy and romantic - great date spot.
OH MY GOD! this place was amazzzzzzzing. Please open one in Chicago just like it!!! I was visiting Vegas with a friend for 4 days. Please note that I ate here twice during my stay. Wowzers.. Talk about tasty food. We had dinner the first time- The place was packed and the hostesses were very friendly and helpful. We didn't wait too long since I had called for directions and made a last minute reservation. 

My friend had the dates wrapped in bacon- she couldn't stop raving about it. Almost made my vegetarian self try some :) But I didn't. I did however, have the eggplant stuffed with ricotta cheese and marinara sauce.. I have never had eggplant that tasted that great. It was perfectly cooked and the cheese melted in my mouth. YUM. We also had the beet and goat cheese salad. That was pretty tasty also.. the perfect mix drizzled with olive oil... and least but not last, we had the dessert... oh I thought I died and went to heaven. Bread pudding mixed with ice cream covered with raspberry syrup... I don't care for sweets too much but I couldn't stop eating it. 

My friend really liked their sparkling sangria. The second time we had the tortilla espaola(hot) and manchego cheese- mac and cheese.. This folks is something you should not miss out on. 

Did I mention the service was impeccable and they even called a cab for us. One of my favorite places. Now if I could just go back to Vegas more frequently I would definitely do so. Go here. Just in case the 4 1/2 stars didn't persuade you to do so:)
FINALLY! Man, after a nightmare dinner last night, I was relieved to find this place for lunch! UH MAZINGGG! Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. We shared the mushroom with puffed pastry, warm spinach salad lightly coated with balsamic and goat cheese, empenadas, and calamari with aioli. Soo soo good! Everything was moderatley priced round 4-5 per tapa, the service was on the money, and an overall great casual dining experience. If you're in Vegas I recommend this place big time!
My favorite place in Vegas!! So good.. I love tapas.. so delish.. I love being able to try different things and I haven't had one bad thing from here.

I try to go for happy hour and sit at the bar. The bartenders are really nice and quick. Happy hour drinks are half off and you get a free plate of appetizers. It's a small portion of 3-4 items but free! The drinks are so good.. mojitos and sparkling sangria.. must try!

Food is amazing.. if you don't like it then you are seriously insane!
Firefly serves up consistently gorgeous tapas, it's my favorite place to catch up with friends in town.

Fav dishes are the ceviche (OMG!), the stuffed dates (OMG OMG!) and the sliders (m'kay I'm hungry now!). All of the aforementioned should most definately be washed down with the delicious sangria which flows freely at Firefly. 

If you've never been here, you're seriously missing out!
This place was amazing!! I've been trying to find a place like this in San Diego,  Unfortunately, I will have to miss this until I go back to Vegas.  

This place is always crowded on the peak times people usually want to eat.  But my friends and I got very lucky having the munchies so late at night and on the weekday.  

The most unforgettable tapas for me was the Stuffed Dates!  Bacon wrapped, creamy filling and just a perfect blend of taste all the way around.  Who doesn't like bacon?  Maybe Vegetarians will be transformed to be meat eaters after eating this dish.  

They have a pretty good sangria and I love their restaurant set up.  I felt very comfortable especially in their large booths for large groups!  

I suggest you come early and make reservations!
I had a ho hum experience at Firefly.

Our party wanted to have a lighter fare for dinner before hitting the clubs later that night (and the pool the next day) so we though tapas would be a great idea.

I tried the sliders, bacon wrapped dates, and macaroni cheese. The sliders I think were the best thing I tried, followed closely by the dates. The mac and cheese was nothing special. I looked around and everything were a decent size and price. Everyone seemed happy with what they got. I also tried the sangria which again, was lackluster in my opinion. It did nothing really to continue my buzz started earlier on in the day.

We also had two or three of our tapas "forgotten" so when we checked with the waiter, the explanation was that the order was never written down. Oh well, not a huge loss.

Not bad, but again, not compelling enough for me to come back when I am in Vegas again. It is a little out of the way from the strip so plan accordingly, our taxi driver got lost on the way there...
Great place to eat tapas (without having to deal w/traffic, parking, reservations, tourists on the Strip).  We liked the following...

Sangria (red wine) Pitcher
Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Dates... wonderful Pecan surprise inside
Shrimp Diablo... sauce is the real winner in this one
Ham and Cheese Croquetas... comfort food
Wow, what a nice trendy place to get a few bites and drinks before hitting the club! I came on a Thursday night and this place was definitely 'poppin' with people.

 Myself + two decided to sit at the bar due to the quicker service.  This was only my second time here and it had been years since my first visit. A lot of tapas to choose from, creating a great variety! The prices were also very inexpensive, which already puts this place on my good list. The other 2 weren't too hungry so they opted to order a few drinks while choosing to nibble on calamari. However, I came with an empty stomach so I choose the Thai Beef Salad which sounded very appetizing at the moment. The calamari was pretty standard and would satisfy anyone's craving for this fried seafood appetizer. However, the Thai Beef salad was basically a salad with beef. Nothing in it made it Thai other than the name. 

Other than the so so salad, definitely a great experience and will be coming here more often with friends before getting our dance on at the club.
After reading such good reviews on Yelp, my wife and I came here on a Saturday night. What impressed us was that we arrived at probably the busiest time with no reservation, and had a minimal wait for a table. The food was, as the other reviewers stated, very good. Not in my top ten, but I could see myself coming back and bringing friends. 

We ordered the ham & cheese croquettes, ahi tuna tartare, filet mignon sliders, crispy duck rolls w/ cherry sauce, and the dessert plate...no complaints, but next time we will probably order something different off of their expansive menu. 

Some cons - It was very dark inside, to the point that I thought my ahi tuna was tomatoes because I couldn't see. 

It was very very loud, which I wasn't quite expecting because I was told it would be a nice intimate place to get wine and apps. But there were bachelorette parties and a lot of college kids (not too far from UNLV) making the place really...REALLY...loud. I guess I wasn't expecting this place in a nice little strip mall (next too a few other upscale places like Ruth Chris' Steak House) to be so much like a bar.

There was also almost too many servers for the relatively small restaurant. We had a few different people come to our table, and had a hard time remembering who was our actual waiter, and who was just a busser. 

It's not too too expensive either, so that's nice.

We may go back eventually, but maybe during a less busy time.
Really enjoyed the atmosphere, food, & prices. We will definitely go back again.
my goodness, what an amazing 'off-the-strip' eat. 
I echo my fellow colleagues in saying the bacon wrapped dates are heavenly and the red sangira is absolutely delicious. It gets pretty busy so I would go before 7pm if you don't want to wait to get seated. 

What to order
Bacon Wrapped Dates: If you have a party of 4 or more, I would get 2 orders of these. One will only have you itching for more.  They are fantastic; the perfect combination of sweet and salty
Tierra y Mar skewers: Each skewer has a distinct flavor and is perfectly seasoned. One order is probably enough because you want to be trying all the other wonderful things on this menu!
Lamb Chops: I have died and gone to food heaven. The spices in this dish was incredible and the lamb was so tender.  Even for non-lamb lovers, there is no gamey taste so don't worry!

Highlights
Food, food, food, sangira, food, food
It's SO decently priced!! 4 of us, 7 plates with a pitcher of sangira $100!

Lowlights
I don't really have any. Well, there can be a wait if you go too late ie. after 7:30pm. Also if you are looking for something romantic and intimate, Firefly may be a little noisy for you. You can still have a conversation but if I whispered sweet nothings to my hunny... he wouldn't be able to hear it :)
Great little Tapas bar just off the strip!   

Out in Vegas for convention and to escape ACL in Austin lol.

Used Yelp to find this place and not disappointed.   Great cozy atmosphere buzzing with life. Dark, with a great pulse, and original art on the wall.   My kind of place.  Table wait was about 45 minutes on a Wednesday but found a spot at the bar in 10 minutes.  Bar tenders were very attentive even whilst making gallons of fresh Sangria. Yum.  Have me two of those please!  Perfect!   Off to a great start so far.

Ordered the beacon wrapped dates for starters, very tasty.  Then moved on to a Petit Felit, and Tuna Tart tart.   All good.  In between I through in a perfectly on-point mojito and finished off with some gelato.   

All and all a very solid and a fun experience.  Compliments again to the bartenders for great service.  Always nice to find an authentic little spot off strip in Vegas.   Without Yelp I might have missed this one, you shouldn't.
I love this place. I discovered it one day walking down paradise blvd cause I was staying off the strip @ the Marriott. It's a Tapas place I have taken almost everyone of my friends to when I go to Vegas with. The prices are so much cheaper then the casino. When you there order the ribs, Mac n cheese, shrimp diablo, Thai beef salad, and the fries. Everything is super tasty and delicious. Its open late but it's perfect food for when you plan to go out to the clubs and party. Stop by and try it.
Disappointed.  I had such high expectations for this place and the food was just OK at best.  

The bacon wrapped dates was the best item that we had and even then, it was super oily.  Everything was just way too greasy and salty.  On the bright side, the portions and prices were reasonable ($5-15 plate). Parking is easy and service is pleasant.
Tasty Ceviche and yummy sliders.
I don't know where to start on this place. Every time I go to Vegas I have to eat here once. Happy hour is amazing! 
 
MUST HAVES: chorizo stuffed mushrooms, bacon wrapped dates, sliders and the 3 day marinated sangrias.

I recommend making reservations on thurs-sat nights it gets packed!!
Servers were really nice, usually restaurants with reputations like Firefly have snobby servers but everyone was really accommodating and nice. The food was great! We tried the Tuna Tartar, Filet Mignon Sliders, Spicy Shrimp, and clams. Everything came out fresh and at perfect temperatures. All of the dishes were perfectly seasoned and I would definitely recommend this place!
Friends had gone on our last trip to LV and I was elsewhere. so I went with them on this next trip.  They loved it and I have to agree..it really was a nice place, cool scene but relaxed.  The food was excellent.  We had like 12 different tapas and sangria.  Really everything was pretty cool.... Definitely hitting it again next time.  With Tapas everyone has their favorite type of food so tough to say whats best.  we ordered all different types and they were all really good
OMG~ DELICIOUS!!!!!!!

After attending my cousin's White Coat ceremony for  Touro University at Rio Hotel, we ate dinner at Firefly's.  As we waited for our waiter, we were given bread and butter.  I don't know what the butter was made out of but it was so good!  Now,  onto the REALLY GOOD stuff.

This is what we ordered:

*Apple and Manchego salad - GOOD
Green apple, manchego cheese, smoked almonds

*Tuna Tartare - If you've tried Wolfgang Puck's Tuna Tartare, Firefly's comes in a close second
Marinated ahi tuna, avocado, taro chips

*Tuna Peppers - DELICIOUS
Smoked yellowfin tuna salad, stuffed in marinated peppers

*Tomato-Basil Soup - Tomato soup was good but if you dip the brie in the soup, it tastes a little funky
Tomato soup with mini grilled brie sandwich

*Veggie Empanada - OK
Spinach, mushroom, artichoke, herbed cream cheese, red pepper aioli

*Thai Beef Salad - I've had better at Coconut Bay or Presidente
Seared beef, thai dressing, romaine, tomato, cucumber, giner

*Baked Filets of tilapia - SO GOOD
Marinated with herbs, lemon, garlic

*Chicken Skewers - YUMMY
Marinated chicken, tomato, roast garlic cream

*Crispy Duck Roll - I'm not much of a duck fan so I didn't try but everyone else loved it
Cherry hoisin sauce

*Tierra y Mar Skewers - OK, Meat was kind of hard to pull off the skewer
Grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde

*Filet Sliders - DELICIOUS
Mini burgers with Serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions

*Ceviche of Shrimp
Tiger shrimp, avocado, crispy corn tortillas

*Babyback Ribs - GOOD - Meat slides right off the bone
Mango BBQ sauce

*Camarones Ajillo - GOOD
Shrimp in lemon-garlic butter sauce

Unfortunately, despite eating all of the glorious food, I had a stomach ache and had diarrhea.  However, I would eat Firefly's and experience diarrhea again.  I think it's worth it.  =)

The total amount was $104.32.  Not bad at all.  We split the tapas between five people and we came out stuffed.
This place is dynamite son!

I had pretty much the whole menu since I came with a big party and everything, I mean everything, was fire.  Best of the best in Las Vegas so far.  I will make this spot a stop in my list for every trip I take to Vegas.  The sangria was also really good.  I have no idea what kind of butter they serve with their side bread but I gained 10lbs just eating that junk.  ooo weeee 5 Stars all the way!  Great service too.
Perfect starter to a wild Vegas night.

I love tapas joints and this is one the best.  The menu here is excellent with a wide variety of original dishes that wont break the bank.  The ambiance is loungey hip and the service is excellent.  Ive been here several times with large groups and they have catered nicely to us each time.  Place is pretty popular so dinner time usually has a wait but there is a bar for you to pass the time.  

Here are some of my favorite plates:

Filet Mignon Sliders - Juicy patty full of flavor and deep fried onion strings on top give it a crunch.

Firefly Fries - Goes great with the sliders and good item to share.

Chorizo Clams - Delicious! Chorizo adds richness and the broth makes a great dip for the bread.

Crispy Duck Roll - Kind of a small dish, but if your into duck this thing is bomb.

Stuffed Dates - Just a real tasty little concoction with great flavor.  Very good appetizer to start things off.

This place is an off the strip secret for some great fine dining and a perfect warm up to some good times.  Parking is a little tough but you'll manage.
Great food! The filet mignon sliders were delicious! Mac n cheese was good not great. Love the ambiance.
I think we tried about 7 or 8 dishes and only the ribs and calamari stood out. Bacon wrapped figs didn't do anything for me. Joint is cheap and boisterous if that's what you're looking for.
I love this place. It's great before going out. For the most part the food is appetizer style, so you won't get too full or have left overs. They have a little bit of eveything. There's fish, chicken, steak or vegetarian. And their drinks are yummy, I recomend the Sangria (they have red and white). Everyone should make this stop on their trip to Las Vegas.
Good drink prices even if its not happy hour. Their sangria's are delicious! Amazing food...at least what i ordered was yummy....a Vegas hot spot! Loved it definitely will go again soon!
I went here before a night out on the strip to celebrate my birthday and was absolutely impressed.

the food was delicious, and we were able to get so much food, and their wonderful sangria, for an incredible price.

this was my first tapas experience and I am hooked.  I still get cravings for their delicious truffle fries!!
This place has delicious tapas.  It is a great place to go when you want a taste of a little bit of everything.
In the words of the effervescent and poorly dress MC Hammer this place is: Two legit, two legit to quit! Hey, hey! Two legit, two legit to quit! Hey, hey!

Located in a strip mall near the Las Vegas Convention Center, it would be very easy to overlook Firefly and run off to its more glamorous competitors...but I'm so happy we took a cab to enjoy this local favorite. The atmosphere at Firefly has a friendly and slightly frantic feel to it as it's packed to the brim with a mix of tourists and locals. We waited by the bar and met some really nice people who we chatted with and they offered us some of their food. Wow, how nice is that?!

We were seated about 5 minutes after we arrived and were taken outside to another door which opened to the other half of the restaurant. I guess they expanded but didn't knock down the wall in between. We didn't really care, we were just happy to get a table quickly! 

As other reviewers have written the small plates can get pricey, especially if you've got a YELP sized appetite, but the food is delish! We ordered 10 different dishes and all you have to know is three words: Bacon wrapped dates. Do it, do it right now you fool!

Yelp 365 Challenge: #48/365 (The Dates)
Rasberry and blood orange mojito and lamb skewers this time. mmmhhh everything was to die for.
Cozy restaurant off the beaten Vegas path. Glad we decided to cab it and go outside of the strip. Tapas is not normally my thing, BUT this was quite enjoyable. They were able to accommodate our group of 10 even after we arrived late for our reservation. And yes I would recommend a reservation, this place was pretty packed.

The stuffed dates and the mac n cheese REALLY stood out. Definitely a good place to get the night started or even as a chill spot to have tapas and some drinks if you're looking for a mellow night.
Firefly is my go to place when I stop my gambling frenzy and realize that all the typical restaurants have already closed and I'm hungry.  So whether you want to load up on a bunch of tapas or are just looking for a place to drink without having to talk over loud club music, this is worth going to.  I had a whole bunch of dishes and can't remember them all so I just wrote a few of the memorable ones:

Tuna Tartare:  layers of mango, marinated ahi tuna, avocado, taro chips.  Can you say yum?

Ceviche of shrimp:  tiger shrimp, avocado, crispy corn tortilla.  Just the right marinade of flavors mixed together.

Stuffed dates:  bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese.  If you told me to order this, I would decline.  But if someone else is ordering it, of course it's obligatory to try, right?  O-M-G.  What a delightful surprise of deliciousness!  

A group of us went and shared a whole bunch of dishes so it was perfect, while we talked and drank.  There was a slight wait, even at 11pm at night but we didn't mind since we could order drinks at the bar.  Enjoy!
It's hard not to love this place, the food, atmosphere and service is all very good.

Thanks to yelp reviews and some TV time, I found out about this gem and learned it's a locals favorite.

Took a 2.6mile walk from the Circus Circus (Thank goodness you can drink on the street), a little long but good exercise.  Got to this place, pretty typical strip mall but could tell this place was popular.

Walked in to the lounge area, awesome atmosphere and was seated right away on one of their low couches.  Scanned the menu, ordered some drinks and some food.

Bacon Wrapped Dates - Perfect!
Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms - Decent
Chorizo Clams - Amazing

Absolutely great experience, 3 dishes and 3 drinks for the two of us and we got out of there for around $50, wish we had time to go back, this is definitely somewhere you don't want to miss on a visit to Vegas, it's worth going out of your way for.

Also because this place is so popular, there are always a taxi or two waiting outside, very convenient.
We were a group of 8 and ordered over 20 dishes.  My friend put it most eloquently: amazingestballs.
I was pleasantly surprised. Carlos, was great, helping us choose our tapas. We will be back!!
My wife and I dined at Firefly on Paradise tonight. We ate an early dinner at 5pm on a Monday. It was also a holiday, but it wasn't as busy as I expected. Happy hour was in full swing though and the outside seating area was packed. My wife and I weren't there for the happy hour so we were seated immediately inside the restaurant. We had the option of choosing a regular table or a table with a couch. We chose the table with the couch. It's nice especially if you're planning on staying to lounge for a while.

The service was excellent. The waiter checked up on us frequently and drinks were constantly refilled.

Our dinner: 
Empanada - $4.50, Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms - $5, Filet mignon sliders - $7.50, Paella - $20, and the Dessert platter - $12. After tax $52.97, not including gratuity. Not bad. We were both stuffed and ordered more than enough food. We even had to take some home. 

The food was pretty tasty, but it wasn't the best I've ever had. The best I've had was in NYC, but the food there is always the best in my opinion. However, Firefly is still good. If I were to go again, I wouldn't order the Filet mignon sliders and the dessert platter since they weren't as good as I'd hoped for. The Filet mignon sliders were decent, but I would skip the dessert all together.
This was my second time eating here.  Several of us stopped after a party for dinner.  We didn't arrive until around midnight.  I am always a little concerned when ordering food near closing time but we were pleasantly surprised.  The food couldn't have been better.

Rodger was our waiter, he had one or two other servers helping and as is often the case, they really helped us enjoy the meal.  We ordered a few items and then asked Rodger to pick a few and surprise us.  

He picked the Mac and cheese and bacon wrapped dates.  They were so good we ordered another order of the dates.  We also had a salad and a petit filet.  The salad was crisp and delicious; the filet very tender and cooked perfectly.  
The rest of us had the paella - unbelievably good!  The saffron was not overwhelming, the seafood was plentiful and cooked just right.  I hate to admit it, but we ended up ordering another paella because it was so good.  With all that food for 4 of us, we took most of the second paella to go.  It was still good the next day!

Great service, great food - love Firefly!  

J
Oh yelp, you are my favorite travel buddy!  You help me out so much and you help me impress my friends.  

We got into Vegas late, and I knew this place served small plates and sangria late into the evening (2 am), which was just what we needed!  We hopped in a cab and were taken not far off the strip for some delicious food to share.  FYI:  from NYNY the cab ride was just under $15.  

This place is lit in a gorgeous red hue and it's very romantic!  Their menu has many tapas options.  Here's what we chose:
-Beef and mushrooms skewers:  delicious and cooked well with a combination of yummy sauces drizzled over it.
-Veggie empanadas:  empanadas are my tapas staple.  These hit the spot!
-Stuffed red peppers:  great taste and texture!
-Pitcher of sangria:  bold flavors...they let the mixture sit for 3 days!
-Stuffed dates:  our friends ordered these and enjoyed them too.

4 tapas plates and a pitcher of sangria totaled:  $55, which is pretty decent for Vegas prices!

When in Vegas again, we will be back!  There's so much more to try.
I'm going to write this review from a different perspective this time, and that is from a large group dining situation.  I was in charge of planning a bachelor party dinner for a group of 25, and that proved to be no small task for Las Vegas.  Most of the places I tried wanted any combination of the following: a very strict prix fixe menu, a signed contract, a minimum of $100/person (not including alcohol, tax, and tip) and a 50% deposit up front.

I usually stop by Firefly at least once every Vegas trip so I am well aware of how amazing their food is.  I figured to give them a shot at hosting our group after unsuccessfully booking at Tao, SushiSamba, and a number of other restaurants on the Strip.  Regina was extremely helpful, more so than I could have ever asked for!

Firefly required a prix fixe menu, but they let me select 6 dishes + 1 dessert that would be served.  The choices I had were of a large variety so we had everything for literally every taste in the group.  The best part was that the food was all you can eat, so the restaurant brought out one complete round of the 6 dishes, and if anyone wanted any more of any dish, the kitchen would cook it right up and send it out.  Unlimited food and "basic" beverage (i.e. coffee, tea, soda) came out to be $32.50/person before tax and tip.  This was by far the best dinner value I found for a large group!  The next closest value I could find was $75/person at Tao.

During the planning phase I must have emailed the restaurant a dozen times and every single time, Regina was very prompt with her response.  This was a great relief because I was so used to not getting a response from some of the restaurants on the Strip.  I don't quite understand why some of those other places would make it so hard for me to book a group reservation, but I am glad Firefly came in and saved the day.  They required a credit card number to hold the reservation, but nothing was charged until the day of the event.  This was very nice because I didn't want to have to front the entire bill for the group before the trip.

This was my first large group planning, and I don't envy those of you charged with the same task.  Let me tell you, do yourself a favor and give Firefly a shot.  You can read virtually any of the other reviews to know about their food and atmosphere, but if you need reassurance that they can admirably handle your large group, I hope I have provided that.  Kudos to you, Firefly!
Real Tapas!! Delicious tapas! Estrella Galicia lager.  Killer Mojitos!
This is a great place to go if you want to get away from the Strip but you still want an upbeat atmosphere. The sangria was delicious and I loved the ceviche. The empanadas were a bit on the greasy side but they weren't terribly disappointing. This is a great place for a date. It has a local feel but it's just artificial enough to feel like the Vegas you know and love. The happy hour is fantastic but I wasn't able to make it in time. Next time I'm in town I'll definitely make another stop.
This is bar none the best restaurant we've been to on this vegas trip.  $3 margaritas, $3.5 mojitos, etc at happy hour made us extremely happy.  Great drinks at cheap prices.  Those happy hours on the strip can't compare to their drinks.  The food blew my expectations away.  Stuffed dates, diablo shrimp, paella, skewers were all freakin awesome.  The filet mignon sliders weren't bad either.  To top it all off, the service was great.  What more could you ask for in a restaurant?  Don't waste your money on the strip, save it for here, you won't be disappointed.
Excellent food, not too expensive.  Awesome service.  We had a small wait when we walked in without a reservation on a Monday night.

It's dark, a little loud, and cozy.

I love tapas, and these guys do it well.
Really, really liked this place.  

Service was very quick.  Came in with 5 min to spare at end of happy hour.  Our server came right over and we managed to squeeze in an order of sangria before happy hour ended.  

Diablo shrimp was my favorite.  A little sweet but excellent.  Stuffed dates were also very good.
Great place!  Tasty food, fast service, this is a great place to get off the strip for a quality meal.
OMG. I'm so in love. Make me wanna say OH OH OH. OMG.

I love, love, love this place! It's works well for groups and dates. It's the everything place!

Firefly is a tapas restaurant. Tell your friends it's a tapas place and they think it's a titty bar. For reals. 

I've never ordered anything here and not been pleased. There are a variety of different option: hot tapas, cold tapas, meats, seafood, vegetarian, and desserts. There are entree options, but ordering a variety of everything with a group of 4 or more is the way to go! They also have this plate with bread, olives, and butter that is complimentary. I have no idea what that herby-butter goodness is, but it blows my mind.

What really wins me over is Firefly's mojitos (various flavors) and sangria (red, white, or sparkling wine options). They can be ordered by the picture and for a group of 4, everyone will have about 2 glasses a piece and it's a steal at $18. 

Venture off the Strip and get here people. You will not be disappointed. You will be delighted.

The few downsides of this place are the looooong wait times at peak hours and the noise level. It is loud. It's even louder when their is a DJ blasting Spanish music. I deal with it, though. I also prefer to sit out side.
Amazing tapas place. And I'm not really a tapas guy. But my fella told me that he'd had a great experience here in the past, and wanted to check it out again.

We stopped in and I was instantly enchanted by the aesthetic. Beautiful but understated. Liked it a lot. My dining companion ordered a bunch of things, and we sat back and waited on our drinks to arrive.

The sparkling sangria. Oh. My. God. I could have sat and had this all day, were I not driving. It was fruity, fresh, sweet, delicious. One of the best drinks I've ever had.

The tapas were a mixed bag, but I think that speaks more to my boy's tastes than to the quality of the food. The anchovies were (shocker) salty, the mussels were (shocker) a bit fishy. But everything else was delicious and I absolutely adored it all. 

I'll definitely return on my next trip to Vegas. No doubt about it. It was a highlight of the Vegas experience.
Friendly staff but concerning the food : VERY disappointed ! 
Spanish potatoes : still raw. The tuna tartare : too big cutted pieces. The meatballs : fresh made ? The shrimps tempura : 4 shrimps but the rest wasn't tasteful (our advice : delete it asap). The only thing that was good was the lamb : strong & lovely taste. The drinks : red sangria was ok (made with sprankling water) and the normal mojito was only too strong.
We love Spanish food, but this was not a reference, sorry. I'm sure we will not return.
My friends and I decided to have a late dinner after a night of losing money and dignity - firefly definitely made up for our losses 

We all ordered three dishes each and shared it, i recommend trying as many things as you can because I have yet to have anything disappointing. Out of the 12 dishes we got only one was just average (the crispy duck roll) but even that was pretty good. My favorite two dishes of the night had to be the Ham/Cheese croquettes and the Filet Mignon sliders...i'm salivating right now thinking of them.
must add was there last Tuesday and now the skinny drinks they have added are awesome!! Could sip on them all night. And the Tuna Tar Tar  and mancheco mac n cheese shut the front french doors DELISCIOUS!!!!
I am going to steal the opening words from Raymond B's review. Not because he is my friend, but because he is intelligent, and one awesome dude.

"Life is all about"....great food, fantastic drinks, spent with people you care about. 

Ladies and gentlemen of Yelp....Firefly is that spot. I've used this spot as a go-to date spot, but most recently, I had two good friends in town from LA.

We checked in for our reservation (make one, just in case), and we were promptly seated. Immediately, we ordered the bacon wrapped dates (famous here), and a pitcher of Sangria (red). The Sangria marinates for three days, so you know it's legit.

Then came out the rest of our food. The Manchego Mac n Cheese, the Chorizo plate, the stuffed mushrooms, the apple manchego salad...the list goes on. We went to down.

Tapas at it's best.

This is THE best place to eat and drink with those you care about, and with those you want to impress. 

If you are from out of town, make sure you stop in. 700+ reviews. Vegas knows how to do food. This place lives up to the hype.
Went here to eat with my husband and two friends.  Everything was fantastic!  Service, atmosphere, drinks and food.  Can't wait to go back for our birthday!!  Best eats in Vegas, forget the Strip..
My favorite place to go in Vegas, I always go back.  Fantastic Sangria, fantastic eats, friendly waitstaff, great atmosphere.  In our small group, we ordered an array of delicious delights, loving the mushroom tarts, the stuffed dates, and really pretty much everything we tried.  Usually there is one dish at a Tapas place that you don't like.  Not here.    Travel over off the strip, and go here.  It's been consistently wonderful for the last 5 years I've gone.
Fantastic food at any hour love this place!
LOVE this place. LOVE. 

In the last 3 years, I've been to Vegas at lease 12 times. No joke.  So how (HOW?!) is it possible that I've JUST had the pleasure of dining at Firefly? Shame on me, shame on me. 

Came here for dinner around 6:30 on a Saturday night and we were seated right away (score!).  

We ordered a handful of dishes and each dish left our table clean.  Not so much as a kernal of rice.  Everything was so amazing!

The order:
Stuffed Dates: Ummm...HEAVEN. MUST ORDER.  Dates stuffed with walnuts, wrapped with bacon and topped with crumbled cheese. No, it doesn't get any better. 

Camarones Al Aljillo: Garlic Butter shrimp.  Large shrimps drowned in decadent butter garlic sauce with toast for dipping. Need I tell you how delicious this was?

Crispy Duck Roll: Super tasty--like pecking duck or eggrolls?  You'll love this. 

Chicken Skewers: Really good, but nothing special. 

Tuna Tartar: Sooooooooooooooo good!  

Seafood Paella: Loaded with seafood! SUPER good...wonderfully seasoned. 

One of my favorite places in Vegas.  Will definitely be back and I'd certainly recommend it to anyone and everyone.  

Flan: Delicious! 

Banana sandwiches with nutella: Ummm...this dish didn't even last a minute.  We devoured it.  We drank all the nutella sauce.  It's that good.
Make reservations!  Were in LV for a seminar and had 8 pm reservations.  Walked in at 7:30 with hopes that they could take us in early but there was a mob of people waiting to be seated but lucky us, we had the foresight to make reservations so we were seated at 7:40 before anyone in the mob.

Everything was amazing from food to service. I am a lover of great wine so was hesitant to order a sangria (code word for wine cooler) but  I finally had the red sangria and it was delicious.  I will definitely order one in the future.
4 1/2 Stars

Came here on a Friday night with 2 other people and wait was about a good 20-30 minutes.  We hung out at the bar.  They have refreshing mojitos.

The dishes themselves are fairly inexpensive, but they quickly add up.  It was a bit crowded but overall good service and even better food.

I was weary about the food/restaurant since I hadn't had tapas before but was quickly impressed.  

Must Try:
-Mussels
-Meatballs
-Mac and Cheese
-Croquettes
-Ribs
Salmonella!!!!! Beware! Outbreak on last week of April and restaurant is CLOSED as of 5/1 because of poor health inspection and hospitalizations of patients.

--------------------------------------

http://lasvegas.cbslocal.com/2013/04/30/salmonella-the-culprit-in-firefly-outbreak/

(Las Vegas, NV) -- Health district officials say salmonella's to blame for an outbreak at one of the most popular restaurants in Las Vegas, although the exact source is still unknown.

Southern Nevada Health District officials say more than three dozen patrons reported food poisoning symptoms after dining at Firefly on Paradise Road. The restaurant was shuttered Friday and remains closed while health officials investigate.

Salmonella can come from contaminated eggs, poultry, meat or produce, and can be transmitted through poor hygiene. Health district spokeswoman Stephanie Bethel said it's unclear where the bacteria came from.

Health district official Amy Irani said Monday that 39 patrons reported symptoms, and 10 said they sought medical attention. Symptoms included diarrhea and vomiting.

Results from the food samples may not be known until late in the week.
This is always my first recommendation for anyone who is looking for a guaranteed good meal and visiting Las Vegas for the first time. The stuffed dates are a party in my mouth! The ham and cheese croquetas are classic and fantastic.  The service is almost always on point considering they are busy from open to close. You can have an amazing meal here and still walk out with money in your pocket.
THIS IS THE BEST SPANISH RESTAURANT PERIOD!!! i have nothing but positive things to say about this place the dish's each time we go cooked to perfection and the atmosphere is great! the Paella(has shellfish shrimp and miscellaneous sea dwelling additives on Spanish rice) is by far my favorite and the mojitos are amazing as well.....if your ever near this place and wanna have a good meal ......look no further because you found it =)
I live in Vegas and I always enjoy going to Firefly.  It is my go to place to take people who come to town to visit.  There is a varied menu of tasty tapas with something for everyone.  Get a pitcher of sangria or mojito to really make things fun.  My wife and I have a handful of things that we enjoy, but after coming here many times with various people with different tastes, I have not had a bad dish here.  You can get out with a cheap lunch without drinks, but it is still reasonable for a full night of dinner and drinks.

Firefly is packed late night, but if you can manage to get a seat it's a great late night snack.
LOVED it!  No doubt we would return.  Everything we had we were a fan of.  I could have skipped the desert platter (I LOVE desert and it wasn't rich enough for me :) )  We were very happy :)
Best. Sangria. PERIOD.

Came by myself but ended up finding another friendly diner who was willing to split a selection of tapas dishes with me. We tried the artichoke toasts, stuffed dates, padron peppers, warm spinach salad, roasted eggplant cannelloni, manchego mac 'n' cheese, a fruit and cheese platter, and of course the sangria. Each dish was delightful, although the warm spinach salad was my least favorite. To be fair, it was up against some really flavorful, memorable dishes. I would eat the stuffed dates every day if my arteries would allow it.

Not to beat a dead horse, but this place has ruined all other sangria for me. I eagerly await my next trip to Vegas, if only for the chance to dine here again.
OMG this place is amazing!   

Overall though - this place is absolutely phenomenal.  Amidst all the Michelin and 5-Star Zagat rated places this is a great local jewel that is excellent.  

We shared Tomato-basil soup (served with mini grilled brie sandwich), Camarones a la diabla (its shrimp, served w/ spicy chile sauce, grilled bread), Tuna tartare (marinated ahi tuna, avocado, taro chips), and Steamed mussels (red curry, white wine and coconut cream).  

The tomato soup was ok - not really anything to write home about - the combination with the grilled brie sand was what made the dish.  If you like grilled cheese its nice to try - and the sandwich was a small portion so perfect true tapas style.  The shrimp was really good - the sweet/spicy tangy sauce made it just amazingly tasty!  Tuna tartare (marinated ahi tuna, avocado, taro chips), was good, tuna was really fresh and the chip made a nice contrasting taste.   The mussels were actually really good - and I dont normally eat nor like mussels often, they were made really well with a lot of flavor was different.  

Drinks wise, tasted both the (red-wine) Sangria and Raspberry Mojito.  Both were really well-made and I can think of the taste as I am writing this.  If you like red-wine - I agree with other opinions - Sangria is a must try! 

Couple of things to note - you should definitely try and make reservations - and also this is a $10-15 cab ride from the stip.  Additionally - the food tends to come out very fast so please be aware - they real do a good job at getting tables moving.  

This is an excellent place, phenomenal value for money and probably a secret hide-out amidst the glitz and glamor of Vegas!  Looking forward to going back.  

Only piece of advice - please please FireFly management have an area of the restaurant where the music is not soo loud and its a bit more mellow.
As much as I'd love to give this place four stars (even five), I had an unpleasant experience with a bartender here that ruined the aspect of customer service that's otherwise nice. I was waiting to get change from his register, and apparently the person in front of me was also getting change as well (at the time I didn't realize this). When I was next to get change, the bartender gave me a dirty look and shook his head like I was supposed to give my change to him at the exact moment the other person wanted it, for the convenience of making one trip to the register (which, yes, I could understand, but didn't realize the person in front of me was getting change too). It wasn't like he had to walk far to the register to get it, but he said something that I didn't hear since it was so loud (which probably wasn't good judging from the look on his face), and handed off my change with an attitude. 

On the plus side, I like the atmosphere for the sake of it always being festive, busy, and lively. There are some choices on the menu that I'd definitely pass up on (just because the portions are too small for the price they ask), but then again most of the items on the menu are delicious and have flavor to them. It's a great place to go for an outing with friends when you want to be festive, but not spend a fortune.
Love Love Love this place! One of our favorite spots in Vegas!  We always brought friends and family here when they came to visit! 

The atmosphere is great, food is great, service isn't the greatest but it won't ruin your experience! 

Must try the Stuffed Dates, the firefries, and the tapas Yum Yum Yum!! The Sangria's are awesome, and most (but not all) of the Mojitos are amazing! Stay away from the tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwhich!

Make reservations! It's ALWAYS crouded and there is ALWAYS a wait no matter what day or time!
Firefly has the best mojitos North of the Caribbean! My favorite is the their signature Paradise Mojito: coconut rum, pineapple flavor, mint, etc. -- simply delicious! 

If you're in the mood for a snack, their tapas aren't half bad either. The menu has something for everyone's taste including filet mignon sliders, stuffed peppers, macaroni and cheese, tres leches cake, and so much more! Everything on the menu tickles your taste buds with rich spices and unique flavor combinations.

This place is a great setting for a light lunch, a date, or a late night snack. The atmosphere is fun and energetic with a Latin twist. The downside? Everybody agrees -- it can get a bit crowded on nights and weekends. But its worth it, trust me!
This is where the locals hang out. The place wasn't crowded and it was off the strip. I know when you go to Vegas you want to go all out and do all the touristy things, but for me... I like to hang out with the locals as well. The food was great and the place has a nice atmosphere. I love tapas style places. Definitely a good place to take a break from all of Vegas glam.
A great place for visitors and locals. It's got the local feel but the proximity to the strip makes it a great option for the visiting crowd. I highly recommend a reservation if you don't show up early. It's located in a small strip mall with lots of parking.

For three of us, we got out under $60 (not including tip). The food was generally very good. However, there was one foul item - baked tilapia. This came as a recommendation, but the fish didn't taste fresh. It tasted like the frozen filets I get from Walmart.

The mushroom tart was a really nice portion. I'm not a fan of cream cheese and since Boursin is like cream cheese, I strayed away from the cheesiest parts. Anything puff pastry and mushrooms is good in my book and it was a hit with my tablemates.

The tuna tartare was delicious. The taro chips were a nice addition - texture and flavor-wise. The three chips only lasted through half of the tartare so I would recommend you save your free bread and use that. Frankly, the tartare was seasoned nicely enough that I had no problem eating it alone!

The ham a cheese croquetas were like an upscale hot pocket. There are three to an order and it was just good enough for a taste. Good comfort food.

The crispy duck roll was a hit with one but I wasn't wowed by it. It just seemed like a shredded pork egg roll with some hoisin sauce and chopped scallions. Solid, but I won't be ordering this next time.

The lobster escargots were FANTASTIC. I hope this is a consistently cooked dish because everyone should try this once. The lobster was cooked just enough so it was super tender and had great flavor. A definite repeat for my next visit.

I had the paradise mojito based on some other reviews. The flavor was nice, but if you're not a fan of chewing your drink (minced mint), I would steer clear of this. It didn't become much of an issue, but I was careful every time I took a sip that small chunks of mint didn't get caught in my throat.

Service was great and food comes out of the kitchen very fast so we were in and out in about an hour. We left when happy hour ended and there were quite a few parties waiting for a table.
The food and sparkling sangria are amazing! Stuffed dates, sliders, fries, baked cheese with chorizo, pretty much everything. Small plates so bring other people and order a lot to share. Even the bread and butter they bring out it good. The only thing I had there that I didn't like was a spinach salad. Go figure. The only other downside is the long wait and cramped atmosphere, but it is worth it. Go for happy hour, not as busy and have price drinks, even pitchers.
Went here based on the yelp reviews and yes because I saw it on tv.   We pretty much ordered what the other yelpers said were must haves and a couple of things to our tasting. Everything was very flavorful and decent portions considering they are tapas and supposed to be small plates.  We ordered the stuffed dates which was the smallest portion and after one bite you know why, they were really rich and sweet, this was not my favorite thing and probably will not order this again. We also ordered the filet mignon sliders (yummy),the firefly fries (a must), steamed mussels (I think we should have ordered the clams instead), and the calamari ( fresh but the star was the dipping sauce). My only complaint was the sangria, it tasted watered down and didn't include any fruit which I think is a must with sangria. Overall a very cool place to hit away from the strip.
There's nothing to say about Firefly that others haven't already said but I'd like to offer up a few thoughts.  For one, it's gotta to be one of my favorite restaurants to be at in Vegas.  The ambiance, the aura, and the sangria/cocktails (definitely a struggling AA members nightmare), are awesome.  Secondly, I love how fast the food comes to the table when you order something.  I like things done lightning fast so I was surprised with the 21-service rating in Zagat.  I'd have thought is would have been around 23-24.  The food rating is where it's at though 24 sounds just about right.  What I love most about Firefly though is how reasonable their prices are.

Here's a listing at our recent visit:
Pitcher Sangria - $28
Boquerones - $5.50
Beet Salad - $5.50
Dates - $4
Pulpo Asado - $7.50
Steamed Mussels - $8
Empanada - $4.50
Crispy Duck Roll - $6
Babyback Ribs - $9.50
Lamb Chops - $8.50
Paella - $20

Not all of what we ordered was good.  But, all-in-all, NICE!  My favorites were the Empanada, Steamed Mussels, and Babyback Ribs.  Pretty decent dishes were the Boquerones (anchovies), Crispy Duck Roll (just the duck itself), and the Paella (although I can make a better paella with my eyes closed...paella is the only thing I can cook though).

You can't do Vegas without a visit to Firefly for some quality food at reasonable prices!
I adore Firefly, but you all have to admit that this location is getting a little worn around the edges.  The place is dark but not so dark that I can't see the holes in the couches.  Still, the tapas and sangria are great.  I think the bacon-wrapped dates taste better at this location, although it could be that I always tend to be drunker at this location.

The sangria is a little ice intensive when you get it by the pitcher, which is fine.  But usually I end up with a ton of ice and a tiny bit of sangria.  I take one sip and my glass is empty and my co-workers think I am a lush.  Occasionally, they use a cocktail strainer to pour the sangria from the pitcher but they aren't consistent about that and I really wish they would be.  There is only so much ice I need.

I have fond memories from this location and I love the food but I think this location needs a bit of an overhaul.
Dined here on a Sunday afternoon on 11/27/11 for my husband's birthday lunch.  He originally was in the mood for burgers and fries and as we were driving down the road I spotted this place and remembered it was the many restaurants I bookmarked on YELP.  :)  Service was pretty fast, and friendly.  They were not busy at all, so it may be best to come here on Sunday afternoons if you want to avoid the crowds.  

We ordered the following items:  Firefly fries (my hubby was craving fries), Firefly fish sticks, Filet Mignon sliders and ceviche.  Yes, I know these are weird items to order at a tapas place, but let me tell you everything was really delicious!!!  We really enjoyed the fries and fish sticks and the dipping sauces that came with them.  For dessert we had the passion fruit cheesecake and tres leches chocolate cake.  The passion fruit cheesecake was too tart for my liking, but the tres leches cake was very good.  

We will definitely be coming back here again, and trying something new.  :)
Great place for dates!  Smooth atmosphere, reasonably priced, and the food is great.  Firefly is the only place I go for Tapas in Vegas.
I can't say enough good things about Firefly. I have been there for New Year's Eve, dinners with friends, drinks after work, and nights out.  Everything on the menu is delicious!  I have never had a bad meal. The sangria is the best I have ever had.  My favorite tapa is probably the bacon wrapped dates, but they are all delicious.
For what it is, Firefly works. The concept is great, and the quality of their product was high.

HOWEVER, If I am hungry, I will probably pass on heading Fireflys way. I absolutely loved the dishes I had. The potatoes were awesome, and the grilled shrimp hit the spot. But ladies and gentlemen, I am 6' 220 lbs. I could easily spend $100 on my own mixing and matching these tiny plates. The service was alright, although my friends who come here often tell me it is sometimes shakey. 

I will definately be back for some drinks, but never on an empty stomach!!
At first I was quite hesitant about this place since I am from California and not familiar with places to eat in Las Vegas.  However, after eating at this place, I am definitely coming back to eat there the next time I visit.  The food was superb!  I ate here in a group of 15 people.  The bill was quite expensive for our group, so that may be something you want to consider if you plan on having more than just a few friends out with you.  Even though it was very pricy, the food was phenomenal.  They serve small portions, but you savor every bite.  The sangria was good as well.  Service was very fast and the environment was so enjoyable we ended up staying there for well over two hours.  The wait to get in since we didn't have reservations was easily thirty minutes, and the waiting area was so packed we had to wait outside (it was around 10 PM).  This place is worth at least one visit if not more than that.
I'd say out of the 5 to 6 times I've been here only once have I had a bad experience where both the food and service struggled to shine. Like many incredibly busy restaurants hey begin to falter when the tickets start to roll and stampede in during peak hours, but for the most part I've only had pleasurable memories when dining at Firefly. Its great for those that are on that baller on a budget as well as bringing a group of friends looking to lightly pre-game and/or fill up before a night of revelry. The stuffed dates, live, fun, causal atmosphere always does it for me. I'm due for a visit soon.

Don't forget to grab that pitcher of sangria for more laughs and good times.
LOVE this place. I always go here when I visit Vegas. Its a very cute place and definitely very happening at all hours. They have plenty of tables and can easily accompany a large party. its dimly lit in the evening which makes it both fun and romantic. They also serve delicious pitchers of sangria. portions are slightly larger than I'm used to for tapas (which is a plus for us anyway). I think every item on the menu is equally delicious. Ok now for the food breakdown, please forgive me if I'm off in titling the food items...

-Steamed mussels- one of my favorites here! Its a generous serving of mussels in what seems like a thai like curry sauce. 
-Lobster escargot- lobster pieces served in a garlic butter sauce, a must try for sure
-Charizo clams- serviced in a great and very light sauce, i think its white wine and something else
-ham and cheese croquets- i know it sounds boring and lame, but they make it really well!!
-lamb skewers- not overly cooked, served on a bed of lentils
-Apple and manchego salad- strips of apple and manchego cheese. sounds odd but they go very nicely together
-Tuna tartare- diced cubes of raw tuna with avocado served with taro chips. The taro chips are very nice and light
Baked filets of tilapia- good, but doesn't stand out against the other dishes. The sauce is very simple
Camarones a la diabla- grilled shrimp in a nice spicy chile sauce. LOVE this dish
Great atmosphere...great meal...there is something for everybody!  Prices are very reasonable, you get a lot of food for the price you pay.  The drinks have a heavy pour...well worth the visit to any of the locations in Vegas!
Couple of my friends who lives in Vegas highly this tapa restaurant.

So we just flew in late night, I'm thinking this will be a perfect place for late night snack.  So my husband and I went to this very cool restaurant around 11ish pm.  They got some sofa area, very casual plus some latino music.  It's a very nice place for hanging out with friends for dinner or party.

My top 2 choices are tuna tartare and stuffed dates.  I usually don't like to eat dates, but they made very decilous.  They use almond to replace the seend which is very neat and the bacon wraped around the sweet dates.  Very nice!

I also tried Filet Mignon, Terra y Mare Skewer, Manchego Mac and Cheese.  They are not bad.  I will definitely come back again with my friend.  She said I gotta try the mussels the next time :)
For all the fanfare, the location was a little hard for me. Using a map app on my phone, I thought it was a short hop-skip-and-a-jump from UNLV. Boy, was I wrong--those are some huge blocks--and it was cold, windy and rainy. By the time I saw Firefly, it was like a safe haven after trekking in the wilderness of Vegas streets or something. I entered into the dark, reddish lights, seeing mostly couples and small groups of friends, so I sat alone in my corner, ready to feast!

Also, when you sit, they bring you a plate of olives, bread, and garlic butter, which is a plus.

Red Sangria- 3 1/2-stars- Obviously, I made sure I arrived for Happy Hour. At first sip, the flavor was strong, but not potency in the alcoholic sense. Just the pure strength of red wine was awakening. Digging around in my glass with fruits, I did nibble out pieces of apply.

Sparkling Sangria- 5-stars- If it's your first time, I'd surely suggest this first. It's definitely sweeter and lighter in flavor. I nibbled out some blueberry and apple pieces. As this was the second glass, I'm unsure if the effervescence made the alcohol hit faster or harder, but I felt a little happy after this glass.

Stuffed Dates- 4 1/2-stars- You receive four dates per plate. The dates are bacon-wrapped, with smoked almonds, a red wine reduction sauce, and crumbled bits of bleu cheese. The bacon explodes with juiciness. Just underneath, the dates crunch lightly with their sweet and creamy texture. I'll admit the dish turned out a bit too oily for me--whenever I can feel a thick oiliness on my lips, I get uncomfortable. The bleu cheese adds a depth of sharp and earthy surprise, which is a good things, because it keeps your senses alive. Definitely a good choice of date or bacon, or just plain flavor lovers.  

Lamb Skewers- 4-stars- You receive two skewers per plate. All I can say is that the aroma hits you immediately, which is a potent mix of all the ingredients. Definitely an interesting surprise. Your plate includes leg of lamb, mushrooms, red bell peppers, red wine sauce and lentils. The red peppers add a level of fresh, sweet flavor between each piece of lamb, well marinated with the red wine. Each skewer has about 3-4 huge chunks of juicy, cooked lamb--some pieces very tender, other very chewy. The overall flavor is earthy and delicious, I am definitely a fan of lamb. The bed of lentils is very interesting, as it seems to have captured the drippings and all the flavors and juices. Even if you don't want to eat it, you should taste a spoonful.

Atmosphere-- There are more secluded side areas, and then a larger space with windows letting white daylight in. I say this, because the rest of the establishment had a muted red tone to it. There is a beautifully arranged bar in the corner, next to their kitchens. The decor is nice, relaxing, yet artistic, with even a fish tank above the entry way. The music is a little loud, so people are also talking louder to compensate. There is also a television next to the bar for people who have no one to talk to.

Service- Although I was greeted by one person and taken to a table, I found myself helped by a half-dozen different people. One person I ordered a sangria from, another person I ordered my meal, and someone else came to deliver my different plates. At least I didn't need to worry about who to ask for help--anyone passing by was fine, because they all asked how I was doing. At least your glass will never be empty here.

Conclusion- As a visitor, the location made it almost too 'locals-only', especially since the bus back to the strip was in a deserted business area. I'd definitely eat and run before the sun sets early. The look and feel of the place is great. There are dozens of tapas to pick from, it's just too bad I had eaten a few hours beforehand, and had to meet a friend on the Strip for dinner. The food is also awesome. Definitely worth a trip if you're in the area or have a car, I wouldn't bus it.
Delicious! I take everyone I know to this place and every time it's the same reaction. Their lives are forever changed after finding food this good. 

Be sure to make a reservation or you'll be in for a bit of a wait.
Great fun with darn good food.  Night crowd is full of eye candy too!  Good drinks.
Came to this place because it was highly recommended by locals and I was not disappointed. Don't let the strip mall fool you, the restaurant ambience is great! I ordered the following:

Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Dates- delicous. I can't remember what it was stuffed with but it had bacon and I was sold! Anyways as you bite into the date, you get this all kinds of wonderful flavors in perfect harmony

Filet Mignon Sliders- These came with little onion straws and some type of aoili on it.  The meat was a little bit dry but not too bad

Tomato Basil Soup- this was accompanied with a grilled cheese sandwich and the soup had a very good balance of tarteness and creaminess

Parmesan Fries- cooked to perfection, not greasy and was a nice portion size

Lobster Escargots- these were not tasty! They tasted frozen and thawed with a very bad flavor. I bit into it and a bunch of water poored out, not recommended

Panko Breaded Fish- fish did not taste fresh and again, not recommended

Overall, restaurant and service was good. I would definitely return but I will stay away from the seafood tapas.
I've been here twice now, and I'll be back again! I love the atmosphere, I love the food, and the service is good too. I like being able to try a little bit of everything, and then washing it down with some sangria! There was not one thing that I would not order again, it's all good! While there may not be a lot of restaurants that feature tapas, this one is definitely on top - and it's good to be #1, even if it's a short list.

I feel like a lot of the off-strip places get overlooked in Vegas, but this place deserves some of the spotlight - which is pretty impressive considering it's in one of the food capitals of the world. If you want something in between the super fancy restaurants and the food courts in Vegas, this place is a must-try!
I love firefly...Best Tapas in Vegas. Food is reasonably priced and so are the drinks. Don't forget to try the Sangria., and don't let the strip mall fool you either. The vibe inside the restaurant is always fun and hip with a lot of younger crowd. I have probably been to Firefly more than any other restaurant in town.
If you want to get off the Vegas strip for some tapas dining, I highly recommend this place. Fun and vibrant place that fills up. All the tapas are great and the Sangria makes is good as well.
This is one of the best restaurant that i ever visited in Las Vegas.  The place is not hard to find and the atmosphere is great, came here during Christmas eve and the people is so welcoming.

The food was delicious, it is appetizer style and encouraging us to order wine to cope with the food.

Pros: great price, great food, great service, and great decor

Cons: wine is fine but not great, bread is free but is cold upon delivered, table were ruined and bouncy.

Another thought: will visit this place again, great for dating or family or friends!
Food was ok and service was really bad.

We went there for the Christmas Eve dinner. We made the reservation at 11pm via OpenTable which shows that they have reservation available at 11 or 11:30. However after we arrived the waitress said they will close at 12. We decided to just eat very fast which turned out to be a really bad idea because during the dinner the wait staff were really impatient and rude.

Most of the food were also not as good as the other yelp reviewers said...although I am not sure if it was because it was the Christmas Eve.
There's so many extensive reviews already I don't need to write another, just want to add that this is my favorite place to eat in all of Las Vegas!  You might wait a while to get in but it's worth it.

Don't miss the filet sliders or infused vodka martini, but don't try to stand up too quickly after more than one!
I made a Yelp account just so I could review this place. I think the food was AMAZING! This place is definitely one of my favorite parts of Las Vegas.

I had the Veggie Empanadas, Apple Manchengo Salad and the Tomato Basil Soup and they were all delicious. I also tried my friends' stuffed peppers, veggies and lentils and fish sticks and lentils, and they all tasted so, so good. My favorite dish was probably the Veggie Empanadas, but I loved them all.

The service was really good too. The servers came by our table very frequently to make sure everything was going okay. Ours even split our check for us and cracked a few jokes as we ate. The atmosphere was also nice. Good music, dim lighting with candles scattered about, friendly people, a bar, etc. It was all nice.

Upon leaving the restaurant, my friends and I made a pact. We will one day eat at Firefly again. Whether or not we visit the Vegas strip again is still uncertain...but we will go to Firefly.

If you're in town, you MUST check out Firefly. I loved it! :)
Didn't try one thing I didn't love!!!

We attempted to eat dinner here for my bday which was a Friday & we waited to go till 9:30 which was a mistake... lol. They were packed. Bar area had tons of people standing all around it. Entrance going in was so packed you could barely get to hostess stand. Very low lighting. Reminded me of nightclub atmosphere, lol. So given all this & us being locals we decided we would come back another day during happy hour because we were way too hungry to wait. 

So we went the folowing Friday around 4, during Happy Hour. Got seated & served water immediately :) House made White Sangria was tastey although I think I will have  to try the red next time.

We tried 5 diff tapas & they were all amazing. Pork empanadas, calamari, chx salad, ham & chz croquotte, filet mignon sliders. LOVED them all.

The bread & butter they give you is also very good. The butter is sweet & has some kind of ground up nuts in it I believe.
Tapas and sangria, can there be anything better? The atmosphere is intimate and dark, a nice place for a date or a small group of friends. Make sure to make a reservation or you may have to wait a while for a table. Their waiting area is small and only consists of 4 chairs. 

You know that Firefly is a legit place for sangria because they offer three types: red, white, and sparkling. I loved the sparkling because it was made with white wine and champagne, the fruit pieces even included blueberries. 

Big Bowl Salad [5/5]
Tossed with romaine, spinach, sherry vinaigrette, red pepper, tomato, artichoke, pine nuts, and blue cheese. Great salad to split, especially since we ordered some tapas!

Stuffed Dates [5/5]
They were bacon wrapped and stuffed with a smoked almond and blue cheese. The dates were smaller compared to other places I've had them, but the flavor combination was amazing. 

Firefly Fries [4/5]
Lightly seasoned with parmesan and garlic, aioli on the side. This was a large basket and great for sharing! 

Crispy Duck Roll [5/5]
Think of a giant egg roll stuffed with duck and served with cherry hoisin sauce. We knew this one would be amazing when we saw a yelp photo while waiting for our table ;)

Tuna Tartare [4.5/5]
The marinated ahi tuna with avocado was great, but there were only two giant taro chips to compliment them, In pictures we saw, there for four chips. Not a big deal, just wished there were more fresh taro chips!

Manchego Mac 'N' Cheese [4/5]
Their macaroni of choice was baby shells, which was great for the dish. This dish was definitely cheesy, not the best I've had, but not bad at all!

Service was great and attentive, though the coffee cups are small, my friend needed a few refills - they should have left him the pot. 

Parking might be hard to find, but not impossible. By the time we finished dinner there were taxis lined up. One limo driver even asked if we needed a ride home. 

If it wasn't so cold out, the enclosed patio looked like a nice option. Perhaps next time!
Love this place been going for YEARS and it's always consistent. Great food great drinks and good service. Can never go wrong. Love the stuffed peppers!
Very nice food choices! I had their lamp chop, beef, mussels and clams. Clams weren't too great because they were way too small and some had sands in them. Mussel were small too but they were fresh and prefectly cooked.

Their "full bar" wasn't full at all, they didn't have my favorite Macallan 12; their red wine selection seemed to be a lot more nicer though - one star off. 

A very nice place to go if you arriving Las Vegas late, they open till 2am.
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!! The food is always delicious, the atmosphere is always warm, and the Sangria is delicious.
This place is delicious! We dined here with a party of six so we were able to sample a lot of of different dishes. The favorites were the bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese (need I say more?), the tuna tartare, and flash fried peppers. We also had the filet mignon sliders, the stuffed mushrooms, and grilled shrimp. It was all very good. We also shared a carafe of sangria, although some in our group did not like the sangria, so we also ordered a bottle of wine. We did not have room for dessert, so I will have to go back for that. And the price was right, I think our bill was $200 for 6 of us!
Every bite was delicious!  You can't go wrong here.  Servers were friendly and helpful.  They even called a cab for us to get back to our hotel on the strip after the meal.  Definitely worth trying if you're visiting the area.  Don't forget to save room for dessert!
The best calamari I have ever tasted in my life. The sangria is also amazing. It is a very nice environment but if you don't get there early then be prepared to wait up to an hour and a half for a seat.
This spot is where you bring the ladies to on a first date fellas!!!!  Get them a glass of Sangria and some  bacon wrapped dates and they are all yours! HA! Love this place,,,,,i bring all my ladies here
Great experience. 

We had a group of 25. So, automatically that would be a change for most restaurants. In addition our dinner was the same time as day one of the CES Tradeshow. Consindering this Tradeshow is the largest in Vegas and the close proximaty of the convention center we could have been in for a chalenge. 
Even with the situation at hand. The restaurant did an amazing job. 
Service was fast and friendly. Food was great taisting and timely. 
If you are new to this restaurant then:
TAPAS style
Hip dark atmosphere 
$20 to $50 a person pending appetite. 

Very close to the strip. 
Most locals and tourists have it in their dining rotation. 

They are Especially known for their sangria.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! We come to Firefly at least once a month for tapas and drinks. 

Firefly is a great spot for HH or a quick glass of sangria as a pre-game before heading out for the night. The food is consistently delicious and the white sangria is my favorite. And if you're craving something sweet the banana and nutella sandwiches hit the spot. Some of my favorite tapas are:

-thai beef salad
-shrimp diablo
-stuffed dates with bacon
-lamb skewers
-mussels

The paradise location can get super packed and I think I actually prefer the lay out of the bar area of the Sahara location. It's much less cramped.
I opened a Yelp account just so I could make this post. I have eaten at a number of the top rated Zagat restaurants in NY, Chicago and SF on expense account and have had nothing compelling to post. I travel to Vegas a couple times each year and have historically been reluctant to venture off the Strip for a meal. My perspective has been that with all the clones of NY and other nationally rated restaurants located in nearby casinos, why would I even bother taking a chance on a local venue? Well, my bias toward over-priced Strip restaurant clones turned out to be a poor one. We recently visited Firefly Tapas Kitchen & Bar on Paradise, less than 5 minutes drive or cab ride from the Strip. The previous nights we had eaten at Delmonico in the Venetian and Il Mulino in the Forum Shops, 2 nationally recognized restaurants. Firefly blew these restaurants away! 

1) The service is outstanding - every time we wanted to order refills of Sangria or a new round of tapas our server was there to help. The food arrived at our table surprisingly fast. 

2) The prices are very reasonable. We spent less than  1/2 of what our Delmonico and Il Mulino meals cost and received just as high quality of food! 

3) The atmosphere is very enjoyable - Firefly has a bustling, exciting, hip vibe with both young and old patrons - a great mix! If you're looking for a fancy, snooty restaurant feel, this isn't for you.

4) The food is terrific. Firefly offers a menu filled with unique offerings and tastes that you may not have enjoyed before - it will be worth your while to order items such as the stuffed dates with bacon, shrimp diablo, thai beef salad and filet mignon sliders. I won't bother detailing all the items we loved - many other posts take care of that here.

Don't question the high Yelp reviews for this restaurant - the reviews are absolutely accurate. Next time you're thinking of eating on the Strip at an overpriced casino restaurant, take 5 minutes and head over to Firefly for a better, much more reasonably priced meal. And if you're hesitant to leave the Strip, order yourself a stretch limousine for the trip back and forth - you'll still save tons of money compared to the alternative restaurants on the Strip and likely enjoy your meal even more!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  The bacon-wrapped dates are a MUST as well as the fruit and cheese plate for dessert.  Awesome sangria (the white is my fave) and a fun, casual atmosphere.  Super friendly staff and a great way to try a bunch of different dishes.  Super reasonable prices and the food comes out insanely quickly!  Love, love love!
The most amazing place I have eaten at. It was based on small portions ( tapas), but they didn't skimp you in flavor,amount, or the price. The service was excellent! Except for the hostess's they were a little snotty, but we didn't care our servers were wonderful and the bussers were so efficient and fast! We were visiting Vegas and ate there twice within our stay! Thank you we will be back!
Delicious food + excellent service = great experience

Very big selection of various tapas - hot, cold, seafood - lots to chose from. Bacon-wrapped figs, shrimp in spicy sauce, chorizo-chicken stuffed mushrooms, thai-style ginger salad, baby beets salad, stuffed peppers, tetilla cheese fondue - everything was outright delicious. Also don't miss on Sangria - made at a restaurant with red, white and sparkling wines - not too sweet and just with the right balance of fruit and sugar - very tasty. Great prices.

Also have to commend the service - our waitress Sandy was very friendly and helpful, all the food came out promptly and at a write temperature. Will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.

Highly recommended.
Thanks Yelp!
Once again, we have found a restaurant that we would not have visited if we would only have followed the tourist information in an unknown city.

When we were in Vegas last week, we checked Yelp for restaurants close to the Hard Rock Hotel, where we stayed. Firefly on Paradise had such exceptionally good reviews that we decided to try it... And we were not disappointed.
Greeted by a very friendly waiter with the funkiest hairstyle (a leopard-Mohawk combination that rocks!), we were seated immediately at a very nice table by the window.
Following other reviews, we tried the sparkling sangria (usually I always go for red one, but omg, this is delicious!). It had blueberries, apples and pears which we picked out - awesome.

We were pretty hungry, so we decided to go with 3 Tapas each. For European standards, that would be the minimum, here you get ore American-sized Tapas, and we were stuffed after 3 per person.
We had the Apple Manchego Salad (which I copy at home now, it's so simple yet so good), the veggie empanada (yumm), the pulpo asado (great fresh pulpo with a nice sauce), the Thai beef salad (pretty large tapa, very good), the merguez ( you get two sausages, nicely spicy), and of course we had to try the dates (my family lives in Spain, and we had a lot of bacon-wrapped dates there - Firefly dates are even better!).
We decided we had to try the desserts after those tapas, so we went with chocolate cakes tres leches and the bread pudding. Again, the presentation is mouthwatering, and the taste simply exquisite.

It's a shame we don't live here, otherwise I'd be a regular. Make sure to try out this tapas restaurant when you're in Vegas, especially if you stay in the Hard Rock Hotel or closeby - it's just a little walk away!
Incredible food at great value.  Terrific sangria and a massive selection of tapas that includes some real winners.  Highly recommended.
Thank you fellow Yelpers! Without you, I would have never known about this hidden gem off the strip! 

We took advantage of the unusually early happy hour (4-5p) but since we were still operating on East Coast time, our bodies thought it was 7pm! All of the drinks, wines are half price so we got in under the wire at 4:45pm. The place was jam packed! Now I know why! They served the best tapas I have ever tasted in my life! (And I have been all over Spain!) Here's the rundown on what we sampled:

Artichoke toasts (hearts, aioli, basil, pepper...mmmmm!)

Roasted eggplant cannelloni (goat cheese, tomato sauce....Absolutely mouthwatering, the tomatoe sauce is to die for!)

Lamb skewers (marinated leg of lamb, tomato, sauted lentils, red wine sauce...Succulent!)

Steak and mushroom skewers([grilled filet, roast garlic cream, red wine reduction..The steak melts in your mouth and the red wine sauce is delightful!

The portions were ample enough so that we were confortably satisfied after sampling the above mentioned tapas selections. 

An incredible value, our dinner check with tip and tax was under $50! 

And the service was excellent as well!
Came here as a group of 4 on a saturday afternoon after finding this place on yelp and looking at the menu.  I must admit that it is one of the cheaper tapas restaurant that I've heard of.

Pros: Service was good with waitresses and waters constantly checking on us. 

Many different tapas to choose from including some unique ones that I had never heard of
 
Cons: Flavor of tapas is nothing special.  I feel like other tapas places may have smaller portions but at least they are more flavorful and authentic...

We ordered the paella which was absolutely TERRIBLE!  no hint of saffron, really mushy rice...I felt bad because my friends have never had paella before.  I suppose its good to set the bar low

Sangria isnt worth it...there was too much ICE despite the fact that I asked for light ice and the waiter responded "of course" Its $7 a glass and $28 a  pitcher...if a pitcher comes out to ~4 glasses full of ice...why not just order 4 glasses. If you're contemplating ordering the pitcher because its a better deal...don't bother.  its not.

The waiter also forgot to put in our beef skewer order which resulted in another 10 minute wait after all the food was cleared off the table....
Tapas....appetizers....pupus.....that's the definition.  everything on their menus are like this...tasty small plates and most are between $5-8.  Found out via other Yelpers! recommendations while going to the CES convention.  

About a mile or so off the strip; the parking lot is small so car pool, taxi, or good luck trying out the lot....but it's well worth it.  I had the pork ribs, chicken stuffed mushrooms, bacon wrapped almonds?, beef/mushroom skewers.....

If you are a fan of Sangrias....order a pitcher!

Make reservations or come early! I got there at 6 PM and a line was starting to form.
The food is alright and the service is ok. However , I think this place is over rated. 

The lighting is dim, which can be romantic, and the decor is quaint. Firefly has good ambiance and it can be nice place to take a date.

Just make sure its not on a busy night, because the seating in the dining room is very close together. On a busy Friday night, our set of 3 felt like we were at an awkward dinner party where only small groups were allowed to face each other at a particular time. It was like if we turned our head at any moment we would be part of a different group and/or conversation. 
 

If you dare order a pitcher of Sangria or anything else please say "no ice". I swear I paid $28 for a 2lbs bag of ice in a mug with a splash of Sangria........very disappointing. 

I would not go as far as to say I won't ever eat there again,...... but I will not be the one paying for the meal or for the wild horses it will take to drag me there either!
Good food not overly priced.
Great food. Especially the Paella. Everything was just a tad pricey, but the atmosphere was good (lounge-type) and the Sangria was excellent. According to one member of our party, the mojito was amazing. Late night eateries are obviously common in Sin City, but not many are upscale like this.
Great place for Tapas.  

Try the regular Mojito, it's the Bomb.  No need to get the pitcher as it works out to the same as buying individual mojitos & they have a tendency to knock you on your butt.  

The food has never disappointed, the sauce that comes with the Firefly fries is so good I could DRINK it!  

The service is good, but not "stellar" which is my criteria for 5 stars.

It gets packed on weekends, so beware!

Don't pass this one up!
3 stars for the taste of food, 4 stars for lively atmosphere.

I love small plates of food because you have many options and many different flavors. Although I was eating different items, I could not find a dish that was so stellar that  I yearned for when I lie in bed. My tastebuds weren't on fire but I was OK with that because I was having a lot of fun catching up with my friends who were vacationing from California. We were chatting and picking at food and when we got thirsty we had a gulp of sangria and went back to chatting and picking at food. In the end, we ate and drank everything. I think this is a great place to hang out, eat a little to hold you over for dinner, and loosen up for the night ahead. So don't expect an excellent meal here but do expect to have a good time with your buddies!
Every time I roll through Vegas, this place is a MUST visit! The atmosphere is awesome, with a young crowd and good vibes all around.  The food is reasonably priced and everything I have tried is amazing.  I'm especially a fan of the lobster escargot, the filet mignon sliders, the ahi tartar and the stuffed mushrooms.  I can't wait until I come back so I can eat here again!
Food was fabulous and the sangria was the best I've ever had!! The ambiance brings it all together :) Wonderful find outside of the strip.

Attended March of 2010, 2 years later and I still remember the experience and will definitely return in fact we already have reservations for banquet service for our upcoming trip back to Vegas.

Bottom line: highly recommend, you have to definitely try this place out.
Came here based on a recommendation from a co-worker and yelp review.  Showed up as a solo on a early Friday night.  Food was excellent, service was just as good.  Both the waitress (Irina) and the supporting staff were friendly and very attentive.  Had such an excellent experience that I decided to go for lunch on Saturday afternoon.  I was seated promptly on one of their couches...and proceeded to sit there unnoticed for five plus minutes.  The hostess who sat me finally noticed that no one had come over to check on me so she promptly brought me a plate of their bread/olives.  Another ten minutes passed still no one to welcome me or take my drink order.  Fifteen plus minutes is more than I can bear.  As great as my experience was on Friday, I definitely experienced the complete opposite Saturday.
My whole family went there for 'something different" and we will be back!

Gourmet quality tapas, great for sharing!   The plates look small, but you wouldn't believe that it can fill you up!  Almost everything was gourmet quality, enticing presentation, and top notch in flavor.

Their signature dish is the stuffed dates, and they were to die for!  One of the best things I've ever eaten in LV.! Our only disappointment was the duck.  It wasn't bad, just not that good.

Our group of 4 hungry people was there on a Friday night, and even though we ordered booze and some of the more pricey items on the menu (including lobster), our bill managed to stay @ $110.

The only complaint from our table is that they don't have a location in Pasadena (yet), where my family were visiting from..
best food ever and great staff had my first meal there on monday  loved it so much went back on wednesday with my friend
I love this place! I've come here for tapas for years now and still love it. Bravo!
This lil gem is by far one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. It's amazing how tasty and well priced the food is! 

We ordered many tapas for our dinner.
Calamarai-- ok I've had better
Chicken Salad- definitely refreshing
Apple and Manchego Salad- delish!
Lamb Chops- Amazing
Paella-  THE BEST DISH there (in my opinion), omg, it was soo good!!! 
Stuffed Dates-- fiance said it was the worse dish all night, I didn't try it. lol

The sparkling sangria was also delicious and refreshing.

I've never been to such a well priced, great tasting tapas restaurant. I'm definitely going to come back!!
Great food, fast and pleasant service! will definitely be going back! perfect for a date night or a double date
I absolutely adored this place. I love the tapas concept because I get to try a little bit of everything. I won't say much because I know it's already been said, but I highly recommend this place. The food was flavorful, creative and fun. The sangria was awesome and the prices were fair. The service was great. 

My favorite part was the bacon wrapped figs. It was a refreshing combination of flavors. It was like eating bacon candy!
I love this place, great food with nice decor.  We ordered probably 10 tapas plus Paella.  The Tuna Tartare, Stuffed Dates, Camarones A La Diabla, Mushroom Tart...everything we ordered were  delicious.  Their Sangria was also pretty amazing.  I also feel fresh since it is off the strip, not those typical casino restaurants.  I will definitely go back to try more different dishes.
Coming here on a Friday night for dinner is a bad idea if you're hungry cuz the wait is an hour at least. BUT, so worth the wait cuz you can wait in the bar area and drink up their mojitos =) Which I love more than their infamous sangria!

By the time you get your name called, you'll be 3 pitchers/canters in of the stuff. Passion fruit is prolly my favorite and Paradise is my least.
For our sixth date what an atmosphere :) Lilly and I needed girls night out!! Everything from the music to the food to the table candles was wonderful!! The server was friendly and the food came in great time and tasted great!! :) 


We would return to firefly before looking for a new hot spot! :) Xo
From the outside: unassuming strip mall. From the inside, hip loungey restaurant and bar that looks upscale, but has great prices. Can't say enough good about Firefly - I was very impressed. The food was so incredibly delicious. My boyfriend and I split the following: the apple and manchego salas, the stuffed dates, the artichoke hearts and the tierra y mar skewers, tuna tartar, and cerviche. Tapas were just the right amount of food - not too much, and not too little. 

Great date night spot, spot to meet with your friends, or just a place to unwind after work. Great service, too.
I love Firefly, one of my favorite restaurants to go to. 

Design: 5/5 the place has dimmed lighting with ruby red lighting, very vintage. Great ambiance

*what I USUALLY order & what YOU should order*

Camarones Al Ajillo: 5/5 Is shrimp in this lemon butter sauce with slices of bread. When your eating it I suggest dipping the bread and letting it soak in the butter sauce. My favorite dish!

Steak and Mushroom Skewers: 5/5 yummm its a roasted filet in a creamy garlic sauce. The sauce is a perfect add on dipping sauce for the steak. Compliments the filet's roasted flavor. 

Sangria (a pitcher): 5/5 Trust me best Sangria in town, 1 glass won't be enough. Even if your with a group of friends I usually can down 2-3 glasses myself because its so delicious. Its not acidic and it tastes like juice with a hint of EXCITEMENT 
 
Service: 4/5 The hostess are very sweet, there's usually a wait. The door ways kind of small and hard to maneuver around because there's usually a lot people packed in that small area. The servers are really nice and attentive. 

Happy Hour: 5/5 I absolutely love their happy hour, I definitely take a late lunch when ever possible.  its 50% off All Drinks from 3-6pm mon-thur and fridays 3-5 Can't beat that!
Dudes, yall have been letting me down with your soggy fries, lukewarm food and piss poor service the past few visits.. Your sangria, bacon wrapped dates, and sexy, casual vibe is your only saving grace.

I need to find a new spot to bring visitors. Thanks.
Update Time! Went here for the 3rd time, in as many years. There is always a wait as the secret about these guys has gotten out over the last several years. It is worth the wait! They are still my #1 goto-spot for Vegas. Sneaked out of here under $50 for 2 people! The infused Vodka Martini was the winner of the night. Never had a fruity martini that was so well balanced and not too sweet. Other highlights include the eggplant canneloni & lamb chops. I was sad that we were swayed away from the garlic shrimp which everyone raves about but, I'll be back!
I've visited Firefly on a few occasions and am only reviewing now....bad yelper.  Hubby surprised me by taking me here for a quick early dinner before opera rehearsal and it was a welcome diversion.  We shared a red wine sangria, tuna peppers (tuna salad stuffed into wee red peppers; lovely bright flavour), sausage plate, tortilla a la espanola, filet mignon sliders (2 lovely little baby burgers with plenty of cheese), and albondigas (meatballs in a very yummy sherry tomato sauce).  It's so easy to overeat here, because each selection seems so darn small (what?  Only 4 meatballs?? only 2 sliders?), but after trying a few things, your tummy definitely says stop.  Had to have dessert -- i AM a girl -- and chose the chocolate tres leches cake.  Gah, so good.  Delectable.

All hot items were hot, all cold items were cold, and service was pretty decent.  This place fills up fast, so don't come here with a strict timeline.  Atmosphere is trendy, young, chic, which can translate as "low lighting and close quarters," but also interpreted as intimate and cozy.  :)
I was on a trip from philly to Vegas and we just saw Motley Crue at the Joint. We wanted something to eat, and wanted to hang out for some drinks as well. Firefly did an outstanding job of serving up both items. Had Lamb Skewers, Calamari, Octopus, and some short ribs....everything was killer....i think we had some other dishes which i can't recall, probably due to the awesome pitcher of sangria that we had.  The Sangria is some of the best that i have had, and it's only 25 bucks...thats 2 beers at a club. 

Back at home I'm wishing that there was a Firefly in Philly.
I came to Firefly before the drive back to San Diego on a Sunday evening.  We had a group of 9 but got seated promptly at around 7pm.  There are two rooms to the restaurant so it's larger than you think.

I've only had tapas once before, but the general rule seems to be an average of 2 plates per person if you're not big eaters.  With a large group, its always hard to share small dishes so we split into smaller groups for sharing.  We also ordered a pitcher of sangria for 3 people.  

Recap: Sangria was good.  The lobster escargot is presented in the same manner as escargot - extremely buttery and delicious.  Tuna tartare was really average - similar to all other tuna tartare can get at other restaurants, imo.  We had some other dishes too but nothing really stood out in my mind.  My absolute favorite is the manchego mac and cheese.  I love mac and cheese.  I've never had manchego cheese, but now I also love manchego cheese.  This mac and cheese is on the cheesier side compared to most I've had so you really gotta love cheese for this.  The dish is small but it is so rich that each person really only needs a small amount to be satisfied.  The baked crust on top was perfect.

Definitely worth giving this place a try, especially if you're sick of eating the overpriced food on the strip or buffets.
The gf never been and wanted to try this place and for so long, I kept saying it's overrated as I've been quite a few times and it was very average at best.  So last week, felt like hanging out more than eating so decided to take her to a great hang out spot: yup, Firefly, where there's always a nice crowd.

Surprise, surprise. Since I was the veteran, I ordered the mojito, bacon wrapped dates, the lobster escargot, and the Ribeye with Firefly fries. All of it was not bad at all.

The knock was for the lobster escargot. When it came out, I thought the server had served us someone's leftover by mistake but to our surprise, that's it. Picture about 6 little lumps the size of m&m's if not smaller served in a garlic plate.  True story, after eating about 2 little lumps, the busser came by and asked if we were done with the dish, and I looked at him and he looked at me and realized that we had just started on the dish. Despite this little awkwardness, the service was excellent. I will be coming back more often.

Note: I always hear that Firefly is cheap. It's not. The menu price is deceiving because the portions are SO small that I've never walked out of that place for less than $50 for 2 despite usually not even drinking alcohol.
Visiting for the weekend and found I Yelp. This place is off the chart good AND a great value. Sat at the adjacent bar to avoid wait. Greg the bartender saw to our every need, his recommendations were all the best and he makes a mean drink. Not fond of Sangria but theirs is the best. Bacon wrapped dates, skewers of fillet and mushroom, mussels, shrimp, lamb..,.,,,  Will always eat her every time I come to Vegas in the future
Pretty great with great prices
Firefly has been on my list for a couple years now.  Last night, I finally made it.  I love the intimate decor of this place after dark.  The service was friendly and the food was good.  By the time we left, the place was mobbed!  We ordered several plates.

Pulpo Asado:  mm-mm-mm, good!  the octopus was grilled to perfection.
Warm Spinach Salad:  Excellent!  I loved the vinaigrette that was tossed with this salad and the pine nuts were crunchy and fresh.  I cannot stand stale nuts.
Potatas Bravas:  a bit burnt with a crisp which I loved.
Firefly Fries:  I could have eaten several plates of this and could have sipped the aioli with a straw.  My goodness.
Baked Tilapia:  a delight.  Tilapia is not my favorite fish, but at FF it is.
Meatballs in Tomato Sherry Sauce:  Okay, not a highlight.
Gelato Trio:  Chocolate - check, vanilla - check, pistachio - ehhhh.  But that is a personal thing.  I don't like pistachio.

Overall, a great first experience at FF.  I'll be back.
Whenever I come to Vegas, I always look for good food. Unfortunately, a lot of the food in Vegas are over priced and honestly not worth it at the inflated prices. Fortunately, the food off strip are super affordable and really good. And more and more, I find myself going off the strip for good food. 

Our weekend Vegas trip was coming to an end and our group wanted some good food but not too much since some of us were still hungover from the night before. We concluded that tapas was a great choice since we can order a lot of them and it came in small portions. 

Another good thing about eating at these places off the strip is that they aren't full of tourists so there's no hour waits. When we got here during lunch time, we had no line, no nothing. We were immediately seated and started ordering. My friends ordered a pitcher of red sangria which was a cure all for those with a hangover. Overly ambitious, we started ordering the tapas. The price ranged from 6-10$ and the servings for each dish served for 2-3 people. We ordered everything from the shrimp ceviche, firefly fries, filet sliders, grilled octopus, steamed mussels, steak & mushroom skewers and the bacon wrapped dates. Everything was delicious! The shrimp ceviche had the right amount of acid and freshness and the shrimps weren't over cooked. The fries were great and the garlic aioli was PERFECT. And thanks to the other yelper's recommendation of the bacon wrapped dates, those were to die for. The only complaint that I actually had were the grilled octopus. They were kind of overcooked so they were a lot chewier than I would prefer them to be. 

Overall, the service of this place is great and the setting is perfect for a tapas bar. If you want good, affordable food (especially after a weekend of gambling), you should really check out this local's joint for some GOOD with no wait.
I have been a Vegas regular for many years now. Growing a bit tired of my "on the strip" restaurant selections, I've been making it my goal to branch out.  I actually came across Firefly on Yelp and from the reviews was anxious to try it.  We ate here on 2/10/12 and...what can I say....the food was excellent, the prices were fair and the sangria was potent!!  I can't wait to go back and share this place with my family and friends.  One thing to remember - it's not like this place is a secret, you can tell it's a favorite of locals and tourists who ask around will hear about this restaurant.  It's incredibly busy and you will wait for a table - so, be sure to account for that when you are making you after-dinner plans.  Enjoy!
Firefly is a tapas restaurant that I'd happily welcome into my own neighborhood.  It serves moderately priced tapas off the strip.  It is obvious that this is a local gem whose value is probably overlooked as people flock to Michelin starred restaurants just blocks away.  

We started with the blue cheese, bacon wrapped stuffed dates.  These were very roasty, the bacon was crisped almost too much but they were certainly crunchy.  I liked the added crunch of the smoked almond.  The red wine reduction was interesting.  It was a very thin sauce that struggled to cling onto the food.  Sweet date, rich cheese, crunchy pork fat, smoky almond, acidic sauce - it was nice. 

The chicken skewers were one of our favorite items.  I would have never ordered them because nothing sounds more boring to me than grilled chicken.  To my surprise, the chicken was well marinated and extremely flavorful.  I really liked the roasted tomato and the garlic cream sauce.  It was also a very generous serving with quite a few skewers. 

Another favorite was the pulpo asada.  The octopus had been marinated and grilled.  It was tender and smoky with enough chew to make you remember and appreciate what it is. 

There were some dishes that were less successful.  The manchego macaroni and cheese was not well-received.  It was heavy and greasy with puddles of oil across the top of the baking dish.  The baby back ribs with a mango bbq sauce were boiled tender but otherwise not really memorable.  The mango bbq sauce was not was surprisingly boring as I expected something sweeter, tangier, or more tropical perhaps.  The dessert, a chocolate tres leches had an identity crisis.  Itwas not as creamy and milky as a regular tres leches and not as rich as a normal chocolate dessert leaving it ho hum.  

Even though I did not love every single dish, every single dish was solid and tasty.  The greatest selling point was perhaps the price and the value - good food accented by great food.
This place is not far at all from the strip, so people without cars can make the lil trek up here, too.

Come during hh, when all drinks are half off from 3-5pm. I got the sparkling sangria for $3.50, which was sweet and tasty! The steak and mushroom skewers were super filling, loved how the mac n cheese came out hot and crispy, and those dates were unique. Btw I LOVED the bread with the almond butter (had about 8 or so slices of it!).

We all only needed about one dish to get pretty full. Yummm I'll be back!
Firefly on Paradise, has the perfect combination when it comes to  food, ambiance and music.  Sitting outside on the patio was great to enjoy the fabulous Spring weather that we have been having.. As we are 'Vegan', Firefly always has a good choice for us. We ordered our favorite dishes.
- Warm spinach salad (without feta cheese)
- Patatas bravas (aioli sauce replaced with marinara sauce)

Firefly is a great place to socialize.. 2 thumbs up!!
I love this place. I live right near it and always mean to hit it again. Finally went the other night again, and realized why it rocks! Excellent food the Tapas are amazing, none were bad. Also the bar is very cool and the service and drinks are good to go
Eat It OR Beat It?
**EAT IT!!**

BEST tapas I've tried. The pitcher of sangria (red and white) is very delicious! Normally, people who visit Vegas don't venture off the strip too much, but Firefly is a restaurant you must must visit! The dates wrapped in bacon is my personal favorite!
Forget spending 3x the money at the Bazaar in Beverly Hills for snooty subpar tapas... try this place out! 

CONCLUSION:
If you're tired of eating buffets and want to mix it up, I recommend coming to Firefly! The prices are very reasonable and the food is rich and full of flavor! So, I say, EAT IT!!!!!!!!!!
Inventive tapas, great drinks, solid service, and a swanky ambiance, make this a must every time I am in vegas.  Bacon wrapped dates that make my nipples hard, crispy duck rolls so good I peed a little bit.  Make reservations, or be ready to wait most nights, but well worth it.  Its one of those places you just cant go wrong with ordering ANYTHING...just try it
I've heard so much about Firefly from some locals, so I FINALLY had the opportunity to check this AAAMMAZZING place out. It definitely lives up to the hype and everyone's raving recommendations. I'm starting to think that I need to venture off the strip for better tasting food for cheaper prices.

Ambiance:
Firefly has an amazing vibe. It's dimly lit, quiet, and chill. I like how you can sit on couches as opposed to chairs. You can sit comfortably on the couches while you sip on some delicious sangrias.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?userid=0f_0XfO2qcgNwSJAHwfR9g

Food:
1) Filet Mignon Sliders - Sliders are always a safe bet. SOOOO GOOOOOOOODDD. The meat was tender and the caramelized onions, of course, are always welcome on a burger
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?select=qUWwQJqRjOxq2kpOnK43hA

2) Smoked Salmon Toasts - if you like the fresh salmon taste, this is definitely a must! capers, pickled red onions and dill sour cream were great on the smoked salmon. yummmm
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?select=WCj5SXOvDukxgxMhv4lLVw

3) Shrimp Ceviche - very fresh.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?select=Da3M9N2PDmtRd6QiH9azrQ

4) Tuna Tartare - Didn't taste as fresh as the shrimp ceviche or the salmon, but it was still pretty dang good.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?select=UlE5AF8h0VoL7UxC8CO8JQ

5) STUFFED DATES were PERFECT! Even after reading all the reviews, I was still skeptical since I hate dates. However, I will ALWAYS order the dates here because they were bacon-wrapped and contained smoked almond, red wine reduction and blue cheese. The bacon combined with the almond, reduction, and reduction masked the flavor of the dates. Whatever they did, it WORKS.

6) Firefly Fries - can't go wrong with parmesan, herbs, and garlic aioli on fries. Not too salty, but enough flavor and perfectly fried.  
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5shgJB7a-2_gdnzc0gsOtg?select=WLctqbU82YT1yw6nSKfLBQ

7) Manchego Mac n' Cheese - I love mac n' cheese and it didn't disappoint here.

8) Grilled octopus - FAIL. Overcooked and too chewy.

Parking:
Plenty of free parking in the strip mall parking lot. Not crazy like the strip.
Affordable, fast, and delicious tapas, it's one of my new fave spots to eat at in Vegas! They don't take reservations on weekends and we stopped in at around 5P for an early dinner and were seated right away. The fries, tuna tartar, and empanadas were a few of my faves. It's well worth the visit off the strip!
Eat it. Maybe. Skip it.

EAT IT! Def.in.ite.ly.

As a current resident in Seattle, I lived in the Henderson / Las Vegas area for 4 years. Firefly was my all time favorite place for drinks and tapas in LV. A great place to grab some food and drinks after work and/or to take my guests from that visited me from out of town.

The staff was very friendly. The food was plentyful. The drinks were endless.
The pitchers of passion fruit mojitos and the white wine sangria are the best thing to ever drink under the shade, alfresco, to beat that warm Las Vegas day heat, trust me. They are 10 out of 10 of the best refreshing drinks in the 702.... and the better yet, the best tapas I've had too date.

My only mediocre critique: Firefly used to be a diamond in the rough. A locals paradise. But now I heard that sometimes it gets so busy that you have to make reservations... sad but also great for their business. I highly recommend this place to locals and visitors alike! This place will make you love the LV foodie seen and want to come back for more.
Fan.Tas.Tic. My friend who is a Yelp Elitist created a yelp restaurant list for us during our trip to Vegas the past weekend.  Although it is not on the strip, Firefly was still located in restaurant mecca where Lawry's is etc.  Our favorite dish of the evening was the LOBSTER ESCARGOT.  Had a very amazingly familiar taste (mmm, all that butter!).  Better yet, it was lobsters rather than snails!  It was excelo!

Granted I had a four month old baby with me, I still had a great time.  There were times my baby cried, but the place was smashed with lots of people and a lot of noise, I or anyone around me couldn't even notice the sound of a crying baby.  

Ambiance rocks with a dim pink lighting, reminding me of the atmosphere a firefly brings to a night sky. Fun setting for a group of friends! Maybe not so much for a romantic one on one date.
Mac and cheese is very good. Paella was a bit lacking. Firefly Fries were pretty delicious too. Roasted potatoes were a bit raw for my liking. Sweet n spicy shrimp tasted Chinese. 

I am aware that Rachael Ray has visited here, but despite that fact, the food was actually good. Ill return for mac and cheese from here ANYDAY.
As a vegetarian dragging a Spanish boy into a restaurant off the strip I was nervously skeptical. There were 9 of us dining and not one of us had a complaint about food, service, drinks or price. The tapas were larger than you would find in Spain, or so I was told, but aesthetically and pallately pleasing. The wines were delicious featuring popular Spanish, Argentinean, and Californian wines. We had pitchers of strong tasty sangria and mojitos and spent a solid three hours laughing and eating. I highly recommend this place to any one looking for a delish tapas bar in Las Vegas. 

The patatas bravas were under cooked inside, crispy on the outside and way too oily, but the artichoke appetizer is to DIE for. 

The service was prompt and friendly but some of our orders went to other tables and some other tables' food came to ours! Is that really a reason to dock them a whole star? No; but that and the lack of tiny tapas (showcasing the American need to have everything "bigger and better") are good reasons. Overall, I loved the experience and would gladly dine there again.
Of course, let me just preface this by saying that Firefly has always been and will continue to be my favorite tapas restaurant here in Vegas.  Tonight's experience however, didn't WOW me as others have in the past, for a few reasons:

1. The hostess staff was, to say the least, inconsistent and a little rude.  Prior to our arrival, I called this location to possibly get a reservation set for two people, as they are always busy.  The hostess informed me that they aren't accepting reservations, however, there is NO wait and to just come on in.  When we got there 10 minutes later, the same young woman who answered my call informed me that there was a 20 minute wait.  Hungry at this point, I explained that I had called earlier to request a reservation to prevent this situation from happening.  I was rudely interrupted with a "that's correct, we are not taking reservations."  Giving this young lady the benefit of the doubt (and not wanting to make a scene), we then sat down on the chairs in front of the hostess podium.  It was shortly after that, where a group of 4 approach the podium and inform the hostess that they had a reservation tonight.  To my surprise, there was in fact, a reservation set for them!  I'm really glad, though, that my table for 2 was also ready at the very moment...

2.  We ordered a lot of different tapas and drinks, as this was the first time my friend has been to Firefly.  Here are the Tapas ordered and my review for each:

Red Wine Sangria-The taste is super potent, however, this is why I love their sangria.  What I look forward to, when it comes to their sangria, are the little chopped chunks of fruit floating in this drink.  The only thing floating in our pitcher tonight was ice.  What a disappointment.  Trust me though, that didn't stop us from finishing that pitcher.

Stuffed Dates-C'mon!  Who doesn't love a bacon wrapped date, stuffed with smoked almonds and blue cheese over a red wine reduction sauce.  Yum-o.  This dish has always been and always will be "on point" for me.  You get a salty taste, obviously from the bacon and blue cheese, combined with the sweetness from the dates.  This dish is "AH-MAZE-ING!"

Firefly Fries-I honestly think I've these same fries at PT's Bar before.  Not as a dig to Firefly, but I think the aioli is what I think they use to distinguish this dish from other competition.  To me however, the aioli is their way of dressing up the word "mayonnaise," as that aioli is nothing but mayo.

Comorones A La Diabla-One of my favorite tapas dishes at Firefly.  I think the simplicity of the dish makes it so enjoyable for me.  Shrimp sauteed in a sweet-spicy chile sauce and accompanied with grilled sliced bread to mop up the leftover sauce.  The shrimp was perfectly cooked and the grilled bread really helped me to clean off that plate.

Lobster Escargots-I always love to commend restaurants for thinking outside the box and presenting dishes in a creative way.  Please know that the word escargots is accompanied with quotation marks because you're just eating lobster meat, prepared and presented to look like escargots.  In my personal opinion, I think it was just their way of serving less.  The dish didn't really make an impression.  Lobster meat in butter, garlic and herbs.  You'll get more for your money at Red Lobster.

Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms-I love a good mushroom.  This dish really offered that to me, in terms of the mushroom being cooked perfectly.  Not too over cooked, not to undercooked.  What kind of killed the dish for me was the chicken and chorizo combo. It was ball of mushy dryness that ruined the overall dish for me.  Thank goodness the melted cheese on top was there! 

Crispy Duck Roll-In my eyes, probably the worse dish I've had at Firefly.  The Hoisin sauce was too tart, the duck was SUPER dry and grinded up, causing this really weird texture combination for me.  Not a good dish.  As a suggestion, maybe using chunks of dark meat, not grinded and searing the meat prior to stuffing the roll and deep frying.  Not "on point" at all.

Lamb Skewers-Let me just say that when I started coming to Firefly 3 years ago, this has always been my number 1 favorite dish to order.  I love lamb, I love lentils and I love the combination of the two.  Tonight was no different.  This dish really makes my heart sing lol.  The seared, medium rare lamb meat skewered, on a bed of lentils, tomatoes and red wine reduction, really makes this dish soar to new heights.  This dish is truly, the reason why I keep coming back to this restaurant.

Overall, my love for this restaurant will always supercede the love I have for other tapas restaurants.  Tonight's experience was mediocre at best, however, the reason for my 4 star rating is that Firefly's ambiance really shows me that this restaurant "gets it."  The vibe is very intimate, very chill, very hip.  It feels trendy, refined and chic.  I have been there many times and will continue to go there for years to come.
Every time me and my SO come out to Las Vegas, we try to make it a point to come out to firefly.

The food is good and consistent, sangria is delicious, and service is stellar.

Difficulty may be be met if you're trying to come here before hitting up the clubs on the strip due to crowds and timing so be sure to plan ahead.  Otherwise, I recommend coming here for lunch when service is a bit more tame and you have time to enjoy yourself without having to worry if you'll get back in time to get in the door somewhere else on the strip.

Favorites of ours include the paella, terra y mare skewers, camarones a la diabla and of course the sangria.
This place was absolutely delicious! I loved everything I ordered especially the mushroom thing! it was soooo good!! Also, the sparkling sangria is really delicious as well.  

My only thing against the place was that every time I go there's a loooooong wait, even when I call ahead. Nonetheless, i'll still continue to go :)
Super yummy tapas! Service was awesome and the food was good! Just wish I sampled their famous sangrias! One negative though! Please don't order their ahi tuna skewers! Regret!! Besides that! Stuffed dates live up to the hype and the pork empanadas are a must try! NOM!
Dimly lit restaurant and lounge. Couches. Candles. Hot hot sex. 

Dopest tapas place in Vegas and a well known local spot. Sangrias and Mojitos, fill em up. Have a yourself a good time. Hanging with friends or your lover, you're sure to have an intimate night.

Skip the strip, come to Firefly. You'll thank me later.
Great local spot.  Filet sliders were great.  Croquetas perfect.  Went with a co-worker, portions were perfect for sharing, not too expensive.
We came here for a light lunch during the day , but I imagine the place would look pretty hip for a nighttime hangout with friends. My previous experience with Spanish tapas was pretty unremarkable... until I came to Firefly. I wasn't expecting much from bacon wrapped dates since I'm not a fan of bacon, but I was blown away by the unexpected sweet and crunchy flavor of the ones served here. They were like little bites of candy.  Bacon+ dates+ blue cheese+ almonds=genius! 

The empanadas were also delicioso but the paella was so-so here.
This place is awesome! Expect to come for a great time & delicious food & drinks. Weekends are always packed and there's always a waiting period. I recommend their happy hour in the late afternoon where it's slower and the sangria pitcher is half off!
I adore this place. It can be a little bit loud, especially later, but it's fun, it's delicious and it's quality! Order a pitcher of Sangria and dig in! Popular with locals & tourists - I bring all my friends here when they're visiting from out of town...

MUST TRY: Banana & Nutella sandwich for dessert. Sooo good!
Firefly has definitely earned my business.  I can't wait to come back to Vegas to sample more of their delicious tapas.  The sangria was so tasty, I could have downed the entire pitcher by myself if my friends weren't looking.  The chef uses fresh, quality ingredients; you can see it reflected in the dishes.  The food was so good, we had to order a second order for most of them.  We sat at the bar and the waitress was so attentive and the food didn't take long to come out even though it was a packed house.  I've tried so many other restaurants in Vegas, 3 to 5 stars and all, some costing an arm and a leg and never have I left Vegas thinking about the food... But this time, WOW, Firefly definitely blew my socks off!!!  I was so impressed with the food and the price.  I will definitely be back!!
Fantastic food & service! We were in Vegas for my birthday and a co-worker recommended this place. Tapas and sangria were delish! Restaurant was busy when we arrived and our party of four was seated right away. Our sever Jesus greeted us right away and made some fantastic recommendations. We loved the mango barbecue ribs, crispy duck rolls, almond-bleu cheese stuffed dates wrapped in bacon (MUST TRY), tuna tartar, and some other really wonderful dishes. Prices were very reasonable, the food came out very quickly and our water glasses were never empty! Definitely will be back next time we are in town!
Have you ever glanced over a menu and had the urge to order practically everything, but resisted because you otherwise would have a plethora of to-go boxes to take home?  Well, thanks to small plate servings such as dim sum and tapas, adventurous foodies can now have their cake and eat (all of) it too!

This past weekend, a few friends and I trekked over to Sin City to celebrate a dear friend's twenty-seventh birthday.  After checking into the Vdara Hotel (which is simply gorgeous in a minimal and contemporary fashion), we taxied off the Strip and arrived at Firefly to meet with some new friends for birthday dinner #1.  Since some of us skipped on breakfast and/or lunch, the ladies and I got a tad carried away with ordering.  But hey, we were planning on sharing.  And you know what they say, sharing is caring!

Amongst the extensive tapas offered, our entire group of seven probably ordered about a quarter to a third of the list (there were so many plates in rotation during dinner that I might have forgotten an item or few.)

*Tuna Tar tare
Smoked Salmon Toast
*Stuffed Dates
Sausage Plate
Thai Beef Salad
Stuffed Peppers
*Manchego Mac N Cheese
Fried Calamari
*Steamed Mussels
Lobster 'Escargots'
*Ham & Cheese Croquetas
Steak & Mushroom Skewers
Crispy Duck Roll
Paella
*Flavored Mojitos

* = personal favorites

 Although all the plates were delicious, I had a few noteworthy items that I wanted to spotlight. 

Stuffed Dates: It's been a few days since our tapas dinner yet I can still taste the delicious flavors of the dates.  The bacon that wrapped around the date & bleu cheese was cooked perfectly - slightly crispy but still chewy enough to enjoy each bite.  The sharpness of bleu cheese was a wonderful compliment to the sweetness of the dates, all enhanced with a red wine reduction glaze.

Steamed Mussels:  I'm not a huge advocate of mussels, but these were pretty darn tasty.  No, not because of the mussels itself, but because of the aromatic coconut curry sauce that it basked in.  Coming from a Southeast Asian background, I have a strong appreciation for cuisines that infuse coconut into its entrees as well as desserts.  The concoction was so good that we were all dipping our bread into the sauce, long after the mussels cleared out.

Ham & Cheese Croquetas:  I absolutely love the chicken croquettes at Portos Bakery (Burbank, CA) and never failed to order some when I'm dining elsewhere.  The smokiness of the Serrano ham and the buttery texture of the melted Manchego cheese was a match made in food heaven.  If we didn't already have a quarter of the menu sprawled out on our table, I would have suggested ordering seconds!

I was extremely surprised at the serving portions of each tapas plate.  After my last experience at Viva Madrid (Claremont, CA), I anticipated on having to pick up a snack on the way back to the hotel.  Luckily, that was far from the case at Firefly.  The portions were generous and sufficient to share amongst the seven of us.  Also, if a pitcher of mojitos is on your list, I would suggest the Mango flavored one - delish!

Would it be wrong of me to say that I want to come back to LV just for Firefly?
Hmm......

30 minute wait?  Check.

2 hot messes in clothing that was too tight and too young for them?  Double check.

Great food?  Check.

Hot hostess?  Check.

So we got here at around 745pm on a Wednesday, and it was a little crowded, but I think it was worth it.  I grabbed a Jameson rocks and a Vodka cocktail at the bar for me and my buddy and we drank it happily while we waited for our table.  The thing that surprised me was how big and full of liquor my glass was!  I'm used to the glass being smaller and less full, so that was a nice surprise.  I hoped for a table outside since it was a nice warm night, but we got in at one of the lower slung tables near the front.  Comfortable seating at the low table.  A plate of bread and olives appears with waters soon after we got seated, and so did our server who took our order of the following..

A pitcher of white sangria. 

Cold tapas  

Apple and Manchego Salad - Surprisingly filling for a salad, and the cheese and almonds provided for a nutty, almost meaty addition to the salad.

Artichoke Toasts -  I didn't eat any of them, but they were pretty!

Tuna Peppers - Marinated poppadew peppers stuffed with tuna, and seated atop a taro chip, these were perfect morsels of food combining salty sweet and crunchy!

Boquerones - I love anchovies and I like vinegar, so I ate most of these, and am biased to salted fish, but these were awesome and I don't usually like red peppers but they make sense on this dish to contrast the brininess of the anchovies and acidity of the vin.

Hot tapas 

Stuffed Dates - Crispy bacon wrapped around a date stuffed with a smoke almond, in a red wine sauce with blue cheese, these were like the Mediterranean Turducken you've never heard of.

Patatas Bravas - Roasted potatoes with spicy aioli.  Wish we got the sauce on the side, and the potatoes could've been spicier, but overall solid.

Fried Calamari - These were done well, not overcooked, crispy batter that stuck to the rings, and they included the heads!  Yes, I love tentacles, don't you??

 Me, my wife, her sister and boyfriend split the above.  We were absolutely stuffed to the brim, and in a good way.  And, it didn't break the bank, I was expecting the bill to be much higher, but then, we did only have one pitcher and 2 drinks.  But that's because we were saving room for Luv-It.  Oh yeah.....

Go to Firefly!  You go now!
Best tapas and best value! 4-9 dollars most of the menu and the portions are larger than at their counterpart in summerlin....two dishes for each person is a great meal! they dont open until 11.30 on weekends though....
The standard-bearer for tapas in Las Vegas, and one of my top spots to bring visitors, for good reason. I have never, ever had a bad dish here.

Bad service, on the other hand, used to be a hallmark of the Firefly on Paradise experience. I used to tell people that the way to deal with the crap service was to have enough mojitos at the bar that you don't notice how slow and forgetful the staff can be.

Fortunately, on my recent visits to Firefly they seem to have gotten their act together. I'm not sure if the restaurant's expansion into the old Dragonfly space took some of the pressure off, or what, but it's a much more dependable meal now.

Some of my favorite dishes on the menu here:

Ahi tuna tartare with avocado chunks, mango and taro chips - perfect blend of textures, sweet and savory. Delish.

Artichoke toasts, with red pepper and garlic aioli - simple, clean flavor.

Gazpacho - cool, refreshing, and light.

Mushroom tart - smothered puff pastry in boursin and mushroom caps - and I don't even like shrooms.

Serrano ham & manchego cheese plate.

Manchego mac & cheese. Baby shells smothered in bechamel and manchego - a great grown-up twist on a classic comfort food.

Ahi tuna skewer - mango, basil, and a mouth-watering mustard ginger glaze.

Chicken and tomato skewers - the garlic cream sauce is ridiculously rich so use it sparingly.

As for drinks - the mojitos are where it's at. Blueberry and blood orange are quality if you're looking to broaden your horizons from the original.
Wow! Came here twice so far. Both times my group left happy and satisfied.
Can't remember everything I've had here but I'll list the standouts from my last visit.

Filet mignon sliders: Although small, they were perfectly cooked and savory.
Calamari: Very crispy and comes with a delicious dipping sauce.
Manchego mac n cheese: Eat it when it's hot! The upper layer can get kind of hard and unappetizing but it's delicious when fresh.

Now that i think about it, there are a lot more I would like to mention, but studying for the GMAT awaits. You should experience Firefly at least once when you're taking a break from gambling in Vegas.
Firefly is a great place, totally deserving of its Yelp rating in my opinion.  We were in Vegas, needed a good place on short notice for drinks and a late/lunch early dinner.  We got there around 4:30 or five, and later it seemed to get much busier, so short notice for a 7 pm reservation probably wouldn't be on.  But it worked out for us.  It was also happy hour, and we could have drank way more at better savings if we were trying to.  As it was, we had a pitcher of mojitos and another of margaritas, and it was all very good.

The food was also really good.  Mac and Cheese was great, as were the ribs, and the lamb skewers (I think thats what it was).  Everything seemed fresh, menu is quite varied, and the food came out really quickly.  It all tasted great.  Ambiance at Firefly was lively, noise was about what you'd expect, but certainly not too noisy.

Bottom line, this is not the typical Vegas experience of pricey food catered to ignorant tourists.  We are foodies, and had a great meal.  Great local spot, and I will for sure recommend this to friends on their way to sin city.
Love love love this place! It's a great starter place to get your night going!

The last time I came here was with a group of girls for a friends birthday. We were all dressed up but didn't feel out of place. You can come dolled up or causal as well. 

We have come here several times now and ever time we've had good service. The food is very tasty as well. We always get the garlic fries and the Steak Skewers. We also try to order something new each time we visit.

The only downfall is that we had to what an hour before being seated the past 2 visit but it was well worth it. 

We'll continue to bring our visitors here and friends that haven't been here yet. I look forward to the next Firefly visit.
We loved everything about Firefly. Stuffed dated and chocolate tres leche cake our favorites.
***** Apple monchego salad: amazingly refreshing and nicely balanced

***** chocokate and cherry bread pudding: next level of happiness achieved.

**** starter bread and butter: holy moly, best free appetizer ever

**** steamed mussels: the curry makes it great. Hope u saved some bread

*** boquerones: if u like anchovies,  this offers a nice few bites. Goes well with the roasted peppers. 

*** red wine sangrias: stiff drinks but not mind blowing by any means. Just a solid drink with ur meal

*** sliders: really salty, too much bread, but the quality of the meat saves it.

** empanada: overdose of sour cream, not impressive.

***** service was quick. Food came out in a timely manner. Very pleased.


Im freaking well fed and can barely breathe after this meal. Amazing.
This place was good, had a date here.. very crowded but still the atmosphere was nice, pretty noisy nonetheless food was really good, took a while to get to us, but very good!
Firefly, BEHOLD: a little dance party in your mouth--refreshing, fun, and just the precise amount to enjoy it all.  From the service to the sangria to the tapas, Firefly does it right. 4.5 stars.

This place is an absolute delight. My friends and I enjoyed ourselves over white sparkling sangria and a ton of small plates. Good food, good drink, good company = good time. In its entirety, Firefly is the perfect Saturday lunch spot for a group of friends looking to enjoy some downtime.

Recommended dishes: Firefly fries, camarones al ajillo, ahi tuna tartare, mushroom and lentils, Serrano ham and manchego cheese, sangria... I could go on but really, I loved everything.
As I sit here in the cold of another Chicago spring I have to find a happy place in my mind.  To do this I close my eyes and think back to one week ago today and the warmth of the Las Vegas sun on the Firefly patio.  I can not say enough about this restaurant.  We enjoyed it so much that after going for dinner on Thursday night we went back for lunch on Friday.  We are now on a quest to find something on the menu that we do not like.  I have a feeling that will not be easy.  Stuffed dates awesome....fries awesome....firefly fish sticks awesome.  In two visits in two days we had 10 different tapas....2 different sangria's and a mojito and the fruit infused vodka which I thought was awesome.  Please do not be afraid of the off strip location it is an easy cab ride to some of the best food in Vegas hands down.
You have to make a trip to firefly at least once if you live out here. Or if you don't. I'm not a huge fan of the concept of tapas, but these guys sold me on it fairly well. I had several pickings, including a delicious red kabob skewer that really stood out. Some cheesy fry like thing that I can't remember but I do recall was pretty tasty. Even the bread and butter is good here. And you definitely have to order a pitcher of the sangria. To the more budget minded diner, I highly recommend you take advantage of their reasonable happy hour when you have the opportunity. Tasty treats, unique dining experience, cool ambience--there's plenty to love about Firefly.
Firefly never disappoints. As a matter of fact I think it keeps getting better. It's like a fine wine. The stuffed dates are probably the single greatest thing I've ever eaten. I've since gone vegetarian, so I can no longer partake in those sweet bacon wrapped dreams, but there are still many great vegetarian option for me to enjoy. I haven't often looked back after going vegetarian, but the stuffed dates are definitely one thing I miss.
As in most Tapas bars you can really spend some money here on a meal. The food was pretty good and the dishes were very unique.
I absolutely LOVE Firefly. This was my first introduction to Tapas food and I haven't looked back since. 
There are so many great things to say. Lets start with the Sangria. The servers often say they're famous for their Sangrias, some of course are better than others and i usually recommend the sparkling, it literally drinks like juice! 
As far as the food goes its a smorgasbord of deliciousness!!! I'm a huge fan of tapas because they offer me a little taste of everything so my taste buds are happy and the prices aren't overly expensive. 
To any one going to Firefly for the first time I recommend the stuffed dates. They literally make my heart go pitter patter lol !!  Oh and dont forget the Nutella and banana sandwiches... You'll thank me later!
This was everything I could have asked for in a dinner experience. 

We had a busy night ahead, so we planned for an early dinner. Even at 5pm on a Wednesday, it was pretty hopping, but with no wait. We inadvertently arrived during happy hour, so our drinks were 1/2 price...a very pleasant surprise when we got the bill.

Speaking of drinks, they had by far the best sangria I've ever had...3 days of steeping will do that. Their pomegranate mojitos and martinis were also incredible. 

Between the two of us, we shared 4 plates, which was plenty to be on the verge of stuffed. The plates were bigger than I expected and every dish was wonderful in its own right.

The Mushroom Tart was very tasty, with flaky buttery layers in the tart, a hearty and deeply flavorful mushroom sauce, and tender, thiny sliced mushrooms...and that was the dish we were least excited about :)

The Tuna Tartare was to die for. It literally melted in your mouth, with bit of avocado, sesame seeds and other flavors that blended together for the perfect balance, served with thin crisps that offered a lovely texture contrast.

The Thai Beef Salad had thin, seared slivers of tender beef, cucumbers, ginger, and a fresh savory dressing over a crispy romaine bed of lettuce. I could have consumed my body weight in it, and never felt guilty.

And the best for last - the Petite Filet - was hands-down our favorite. The steak was tender and beautifully prepared. The roasted potatoes were seasoned with something I couldn't put my finger on, but I'd really love to track it down...it was amazing. Add a bit of sauted mushrooms and it was a dish that was a masterpiece.

All that culinary joy, plus 3 delicious drinks and tip came in under $60 during happy hour. I can't recommend the quality for price point more!

The atmosphere was hip and a little close. You'll definitely be sitting next to your neighboring diners closely enough that they could lean over and ask what that dish is that is making your eyes roll back in your head, so I wouldn't expect a private romantic dinner. But it was a lively, fun environment with friendly, attentive waitstaff (ours had an impressively tall Mohawk). 

All in all, I see what the hype is all about!
I really do love this place. And if I had reviewed them a few years ago, they'd have definitely gotten 5 stars, but I think I've gotten pickier now. 

It's a great place for a group, so you can try more tapas. Pitchers of sangria always make the mood more festive. They've got an excellent patio for beautiful afternoons or evenings (afternoons are more peaceful- this place gets BUSY at night). And their bacon wrapped dates and potatas bravas are some of my favorites. 

It does get loud when it's busy, so a tough place to catch up with old friends. And service can be hit or miss. And really, I've easily had better sangria and mojitos... But you're going for the atmosphere, bc this restaurant doesn't feel like it's in Vegas...  and the dates and potatas of course :)
This place was outstanding.  Went here while visiting a friend in Vegas.  We ordered a pitcher of white sangria during happy hour.  Im not a huge fan of sangria, but this stuff was perfect.  Very refreshing.  For an appetizer, i had the Tuna Tartare.  Perfectly done with avacado and taro chips.  My mouth is watering now just thinking about it.  next, I ordered the lobster escargot.  Its like clam casino but with lobster.  The portion was huge for $10.   Then i had the TIERRA Y MAR SKEWERS[grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde]  This was OUTSTANDING.  The flavors of the meat with the salsa verde to die for. 
If there was a FireFly where I live, I would be there often.  

OH  and i almost forgot...  Get the Flan for desert!!!  Its so smooth, not chunky.  EXCELLENTE!
This place is soooo off and on to me.  Is the food amazing??  yes, there is no denying that the food and drink of this resturant is amazing!  However the service always leaves something to be desired EVERY SINGLE TIME I come to the Paradise location.  For instance this past week i met up with some girlfriends to have drinks and tapas and my friend had to ask for her drink three different times and litterally 20 minutes later her diet coke showed up AFTER our sangria and mojitos had been on the table for like ten minutes.  I had to practically beg our waiter to give us any attention and to take our order.  The busser had more interaction with our table than our waiter..
The dates. All I need to say
This is such a great little joint.  We hung out with a group for happy hour and the drinks were great as well as their appetizers! It was a great atmosphere! We will be going here when we go to Vegas.
Came here last Saturday for an early dinner with the gals. The location of Firefly is a few miles away the strip and near a corporate plaza (which reminded us of Orange County). Since we got there early (before 6 PM), there was no wait but the place was still more than half full. The restaurant has a nice, cozy, intimate feel with dark red interiors.

Everyone got a glass of white sangria but I opted for an Amstel light since I'm not a fan of fruity, sweet drinks. We all ordered 2 plates each but I ordered 4 since I was starving and wanted to try a few more plates.

From the plates I sample, my favorites were:

Ham and Cheese Croquetas - This was a flavor explosion in the mouth! I loved the rich cheese mixed with the tasty ham and the crispy outside batter. There was some sauce drizzled on top but I couldn't make out what it was

Camarones Al Ajillo  - So.Freaking.Good. The shrimp was fresh and cooked perfectly. The butter sauce was delicious - I wanted to drink it with a spoon. Next time, I will try the Camarones A La Diabla since that one has a spicy kick to it.

 Petite Filet - Despite the filet being cooked pretty much well done (I asked for medium), it was still very tender. It would've been 10x better if there was some red left in the meat. 

All in all, this is a great place for a date or a group outting. The atmosphere is pretty casual and laid back but the ambiance is fantastic. We're planning another girl's trip this summer and we're definitely planning on coming back here!
Ate there tonight.  45 minutes after I left, I threw it all up in the bathroom of a nearby store.  Instant food poisoning.
I had zero to drink - zero!
Best tapas place I've ever been to in my whole entire young adult life.  I'll never go to Vegas again without stopping here for some grub.  Take lots of people and share.  Order one of everything, it's worth it.  Service was great - they sat a group of 12 even though we had no reservations at 6pm on a Saturday night (just told us to leave by 8).  Below I'll rate the plates individually:

Artichoke Toasts - awesome - 4 stars
Ceviche of Shrimp - awesome - 4 stars
Tuna Tartare - good - 3 stars
Tortilla a la Espanola - not a fan but that's personal - 3 stars
Patatas bravas - not the best, get the firefly fries instead - 3 stars
Manchego Mac N' Cheese - great - 4 stars
Tierra Y Mar Skewers - chorizo, shrimp and filet minon - hello? - 5 stars
Pulpo Asado - wish this was better but sadly it was dry - 3 stars
Chorizo Clams - AfreakinMazing - 5 stars
Camarones A La Diabla - awesome - 4 stars

Their bread with garlic is great too.  Everyone shared pitchers of red sangria.  Sadly I couldn't have any but I heard it was good.  The atmosphere, food, portions and service makes this a 5 star place in my book.  Oh and the price.  All the food above times two plus a few other dishes I didn't try, plus tax and 20% tip came out to only $352.
I don't live in Vegas, but I would fly back just to eat here again and again. I don't know where to begin but this is one of the best dining experiences I've had. Plus the company I was with was the best too. We waited in the bar and were seated pretty quick considering it was Friday at 8. The bartender was awesome and made me a mean dirty martini complete with blue cheese olives. Great start.

There were 6 of us and it was an ordering cluster-f*$k. But our waiter was totally all over it. He got everything down with calm ease and all the food came out so quick and no mistakes. So service was spot on. 

Ambiance was cozy, low lit and the room just buzzed of chatter. Food was AMAZING. The selection of tapas is vast! And, the portions are large and price is more than fair. I had the ahi poke, ham & cheese croquettes (unforgettable!), mussels and I forget what else. It was an orgy! Everyone sharing and gushing over how good it was. 

Firefly... I love you.  :-)
After almost getting smashed twice in the tight parking lot by circling minivans, we made it into Firefly.
I'm a Tapas gal from way back, and El Farol in Santa Fe New Mexico is one of my all time favorite haunts!
The ambience here is a bit crushed, but cordial waitstaff showed us to our table, and even allowed us to pick our table.  We chose the window, since this lively lounge is very crowded and noisy.  Enjoyed the colorful version of Guernica on the wall!
Fabulous service, but I always find a smile works to break the ice, and the considerate waitress even advised me to order my drinks quick, since Happy Hour was about to end!  Two Sangrias in hand, I then perused the menu.  The white wine with aples and other fruits is light and refreshing and two for one definately made them worthwhile.
Thank you fellow yelpers, for helping with decision time!  The bacon wrapped dates are todiefor!  Also the pork empanadas, would brave rampant minivans for one anytime!  Beef sliders went down with  no fuss!  The best ending was the Tres Leches Chocolate cake...like a cool cocoa with whipped  cream!  Hearty and soulful at the same time.
luv this place it gets rather busy some nights so its best to sometimes call ahead. Its a laid back joint the meals are cheap but can add up if you get quite a bit of them. I always get the bacon wrapped dates, camarones diabla its shrimp in a spicy sauce really good, tomato soup is good, everythings pretty good. also has pitchers of sangria
Please expand to the Phoenix area. Our tapas and sangria options are laughable. If I had my way, I would go on a red sangria and stuffed date diet.
A group of about 15 of us had dinner here before a bachelorette night out. The food was fantastic. We had a selection of five tapas that just kept appearing on our table like something out of a dream. The filet medallions and stuffed dates were my favorites. The service was a bit slow at first but once the first round of food came out it got better. The drinks were a little pricey, but the sangria was good and they had a good Spanish beer as well. I go out to Vegas once a year for business and I will definitely be back.
Yes their food is good but not worth being bitten time after time by spiders. Me and the girls I ate with were bit many times on our legs, when I told the manager he did nothing about it and just said they try to keep the bugs out but it's "difficult". Then just shrugged me off. Worse experience ever!
For sure get the dates wrapped in bacon they are delishhhhhh!!!! I was here with a large group this weekend, we enjoyed every single thing we ordered!! I cant remember the names of everything because we also had pitchers of sangria, but let me try, there were mushrooms stuffed with chorizo and chicken they were so good! And then all the skewers were good, we had chicken and lamb. The bread they serve you before the meal is also yummy! I will definitely eat at Firefly next time I am in Vegas!
I'm really kicking myself for not remembering exactly what I got here. It was something like filet mignon sliders and some type of shrimp diablo. Usually, I forget what I order because the food was bland and/or gross. This time I forgot because it was a late, Thursday night after a transcontinental flight, and I was eating with a cousin I see only once every 4-5 years. I was so confused from being both tired and excited that I barely remember eating.

What I do remember is this place was packed!! Our food did taste great (whatever it was) and came with nice portions and reasonable prices. This was a much better experience with Spanish/Mexican food than my almost fail with Cabo Wabo on the Vegas strip. The place is literally a few blocks away from The Hard Rock Hotel, and. it's worth a cab ride from the strip there. Also, they have an excellent mojito!
Nice place to take a girl to at night.. Very dim and loud with music.  Service is wonderful, food portions are a bit small so don't come here starving.  Had some ahi cubes with chips.  Place is pretty packed at night and open during lunch.  

Parking is very tight, small lot shared.
How could you find something to complain about this place.  I'm from San Diego and every time I travel to Vegas and I have to make sure I visit this place at least once.   Try this place you won't be disappointed.
Love this place, it was a lucky find when on a work trip and I now go everytime I am in town (at least once). This Tapas joint is in a strip-mall off the strip. Likely about a $12 cab ride from where ever you are on the strip and maybe $6 from the Hard Rock.

The service has been good to great every time I have been there. This includes mostly lunch but also a few dinner services.

The food is inventive and delicious. Some of my favorites are the Artichoke Toast, filet mignon sliders, bacon wrapped dates. Everything is pretty dang good - strangely enough two Tapas classics (Tortilla espanola and the patatas bravas) leave a little to be desired (note if the managers read this I would suggest cutting the patatas a little smaller for the bravas and cooking a little longer so not so "potatoe-y").

The sangria is good, they have a nice happy hour, the deserts are solid, prices are fair, and the menu is very diverse and vegetarian friendly. This would be great for a business lunch, romantic/fun dinner, and a big group out.
Came here and tried a few things my favorites were the garlic shrimp, stuffed dates, filet mignon sliders and the firefly fries. I also tried the duck, chorizo mussles and the enpanadas those were good but nothing to rave about. The white sangria was okay nothing special.
Finished off with flan and nutella sandwich, the flan was to die for.
This place its really cozy great for a date or a night out with friends. The service was superb.
Awesome food, great people to meet and great sangria!! A gem that isn't far from the strip! One of my favorite places to go in LV!
Firefly is simply the best near-strip restaurant.  The only downside: a lot of people now know this, and the relatively small restaurant is now pretty much always packed (and I believe they do not take reservations).  However, the food and service is well worth the wait (or the risk of a wait).

The menu is HUGE and is constantly being changed and added to, and I've yet to try something that I didn't like.  I few suggestions that I enjoy: the bacon wrapped stuffed dates are a must try, along with the ham & cheese croquetas.  The firefly fries are amazing, and big enough to share, as are the calamari.  Other suggestions include the Thai beef salad, the tuna tartar and shrimp ceviche, stuffed pepper, mac n cheese, baked talapia, and the mergeuz.  Don't fill up on the entrees too much, because the tres leches cake is probably the best thing on the menu, so save room for dessert.  

Firefly is also known for its selections of sangria, infused vodkas (vodka + fresh squeezed juices), and mojitos, all of which are great - my favorites are the infused vodka on the rocks, and the passion fruit and blood orange mojitos.  

Go here with a small group and order in small batches, I'd suggest 2 plates per person, per batch.  The food comes out very quick and the table can get very cluttered, very fast.  Most of the dishes here are fairly cheap, but it is very easy to go overboard and run up a large bill, especially if it's you're first visit.

Even though I hate how crowded this place has become, the food is well worth the short trip off the strip, and is a must try for anyone who hasn't tried this gem yet.
amazing food and prices , the customer service sucks though
Went to the Firefly restaurant based upon their menu. The food was really good, good service from Jesus and the people sitting next to us offered us tastes of their food since this was our first Tim at the restaurant. The only issue was the sound level in the restaurant, it was packed (with good reason) and as a result noisy. The Padilla was very good, the sausage plate and the Serrano Jason plates reminded me of Spain. Mainly locals in the restaurant, great food, reasonable prices and good sangria (we had red). If you are in Las Vegas and like tapas' go to Firefly. I would give 5 for food and 3 for ambiance, so a 4.
Ask the locals and they'll all tell you to go to Firefly. Great place about a block away from the strip that touches all your senses! 
Sexy dark ambiance more on the casual-chic side.
Service is meh.
Food is AMAZEBALLS!
Wine, tapas and good company...what more could you want?

So 4 girls walk in to this place and had to seat themselves and wave down a waiter after a long wait. Menu has a great selection of items. Bacon wrapped dates are great. Manchego mac and cheeze is to die for, Tuna tartare is ok, Baby beet salad is :), Camarones a la diabla MAS POR FAVOR!, Petite Filet my fav, stuffed mushrooms you can't go wrong, Lamb Skewers bueno, and steamed mussels gotta have em! Four girls left stuffed and ready for a nap. Speechless none the less. 

You are doing yourself a diservice if you don't try this place! Wish we had one in LA :(
I love this place and make it a point to go there at least once when I visit Vegas.

Local friends introduced me to it years ago. It's always crowded, but service is still pretty good for the amount of business they handle. 

I love the Sangrias and Mojitos. Never ever have I left sober from here. :-)

This is my favorite tapas place of all tapas places, including the ones in LA, and it's also not as expensive as fanc, wanna-be tapas places in LA are. Such a variety! You can never pick enough plates, there are always a bunch left that you want to try. I just love the fact that I can have 5-6-7 different dishes and not just 2. I can't even pick favorites, although it seems that I always start with the Apple & Manchego salad and I always have at least one order of the fish sticks.

I love the fact that even vegetarians or people who don't eat red meat can choose from a lot of stuff. They even made me the blue cheese stuffed dates without the bacon wrapped around it once. I usually have a lot of seafood and veggie tapas and some chicken.

Even the music is Spanish speaking (sometimes American songs covered by a Spanish speaking band), so it totally fits the atmosphere. 

All in all, I can't say enough good things about this place. 
I love it here.
uh.maze.ing. You don't see many restaurants rated at 4.5 stars very often. And a local friend recommended this place as his favorite so we were intrigued. 

The restaurant is in a little strip mall of a parking lot- nothing too fancy. The dress is nice but casual and you don't need a suit. There are no stuffy white table cloths to be found. I'm sure they appreciate elbows off the table but I love any restaurant where I don't have to be conscious about proper manners. We went early around 7:30/8pm and luckily our group of 6 immediately got a table. The service was great, ambiance was perfect and the food was incredible. 

Order the pitcher of red sangria ($28). It was delicious!

We ordered 3 plates each expecting little servings of tapas. We were surprised with the generous portions (small salad plate style) and was planning on ordering more but couldn't even finish those. I can't decide what was my favorite. All of these dishes woke up our taste buds: bacon wrapped Stuffed Dates, Tuna Tartare, Smoked Salmon Toasts, Filet Mignon Sliders, Crispy Duck Roll, Babyback Ribs, Fried Calamari, Warm Spinach Salad with strawberries.

Trio of Gelato (pistaccio is my fav) and the Dessert Platter were yummy. The dessert platter was just a taste of all the desserts and just enough so we didn't feel like we were missing out. We couldn't have fit any more food in our bellies.

I would skip the Fish Sticks (wish they would make them smaller and it was nothing special). And the Artichoke Toasts were the only disappointment. They sounded so hopeful on the menu but were served cold and in a chunk. It couldn't keep up with the rest of the wonderful plates on our table. 

And best of all, our bill was affordable and didn't break the bank.
I love everything about Firefly. The food, the ambiance, the drinks. It's such a great place to go when you're in the mood for drinks. I can't imagine going here and not ordering food though. My favorite tapas are the stuffed dates and the warm spinach salad. For drinks I prefer their red sangria and mango mojito. I've been meaning to try their sparkling sangria since I've heard it's delicious as well. This is a place I am always up for going to. Easily one of my favorite places in town.
I love this place. Super yummy and affordable, with a great vibe. The Paradise location is the best. My fav tapas are the bacon wrapped dates, stuffed peppers, ham and cheese croquetas, and the salads. Worth it to wait to sit in the main restaurant rather than the "annex" thing they've got going on.
Coming from the east coast to visit, I wanted to get away from the strip to have lunch.  So my friends thought it be a great idea to take me for Tapas and Sangrias. Of course - it did not disappoint!

1) We had Chicken salad -chopped breast, grapes, smoked almonds, creamy cider dressing, endive.  This wasn't anything special, just a regular chicken salad if you ask me.

2)  Smoked Salmon Toasts - brioche toast, dill sour cream, pickled red onion, capers.  This was okay, I think I expected this to be fresher, it the salmon was colder it would probably be better.

3) Stuffed Dates - bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese.  This was an awesome dish.  who doesn't love bacon wrapped apps?  

4)  Padron Peppers - flash-fried, touch of salt; most are mild.  Always a signature tapas dish, can't really go wrong with these.

5)  Stuffed Peppers Spanish piquillo peppers, fresh mozzarella, garlic cream cheese, tomato sauce.  I thought this was okay.  

6)  Manchego Mac N Cheese baked w/ baby shells.  This was a pretty awesome dish, I would definitely recommend this dish.

7) Tierra y Mar skewers grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde.  This was okay, skewered meat. 

8)  Chorizo Clams - grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde.  This was not bad, it was a flavorful and the toasts that came with it went great with the sauce.

9)  Filet Mignon Sliders - mini burgers w/Serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions.  I thought this was only okay, nothing special.

And we had a pitcher of Red Sangria.  This was really good and I recommend this with the meal.

I would definitely want to come back here again when I come back out to Vegas.
Overall the tapas plates we tried were okay.  We got a table in less than 15 min on a Friday which was nice, but that was because we were there around 5:30pm.  

We ordered the curry mussels because this was my favorite thing I tried on the east coast and I have been determined to find a suitable replacement on the west coast.  Unfortunately, the flavor of the sauce was a little more coconut, and a lot less curry than what I have been craving.  

The patatas bravas were good, I loved the spicy aioli, but I would have preferred a crispier outer layer on the potatoes.  Some of them had it, but most did not.

My favorite tapas was the tuna peppers, which was surprising because this was not my pick but I am so happy that we ordered it because the dish is delicious, and they have a perfect little kick to them.

And finally, I ordered the tortilla de espanola.  I could eat this all day.  While my husband loved the bell pepper vinaigrette, I was not a fan.
Great food, great drinks, great vibe, pretty girls everywhere, and I looked everywhere except the ladies room. I'm guessing there were pretty girls in there too, but I don't like to make assumptions. You won't be disappointed at Firefly
Firefly got rave reviews from friends, family members, and the Yelp universe, so we knew we had to give it a try during our Las Vegas visit. 

We got there right when it opened on a Thursday, and were the first patrons seated. Within fifteen minutes, the place was packed. The waiter recommended the pomegranate martini, so I went with that - my friend ordered the sangria with red wine (you can choose between red, white, or sparkling).

When the fresh bread coated with huge pieces of sweet roasted garlic, honey almond butter and olives on the side arrived, I knew this was going to be a good experience. 

My martini was a little lackluster, so the waiter brought me a side of extra pomegranate juice to add more flavor. My friend's sangria, however, was perfect as presented. 

The meal (Yes, we ate all of this in one sitting, don't judge):

1) Stuffed dates wrapped in bacon with smoked almond, blue cheese, in a red wine reduction - Oh my goodness. These were so good we ordered them twice. The dates were sweet and melted in your mouth, offset by the crunchy bacon and almonds, the sharp blue cheese, and the savory red wine sauce. 

2) Artichoke hearts with basil, garlic aioli, and red pepper - Normally, I steer cleer of red peppers, but these had a sweet, mellow flavor that went perfectly with the artichoke. The artichoke hearts are served cold and are absolutely impossible to eat gracefully, but so good that you don't mind.

3) Manchego mac n' cheese with sundried tomatoes - the waiter recommended this one, and honestly, it was delicious, but not mind blowing. Pretty standard mac n' cheese, but with a delicious baked crust on top. I would definitely eat it again, but not with the same...smack-your-grandma-for-another-serving-gusto that I felt with the dates.

4) Shrimp tempura with ponzu-mandarin orange dipping sauce - crispy, golden, tempura perfection with a superb sweet-salty-tangy dipping sauce. 

5) Ahi tuna skewers with mango, basil, and a mustard ginger glaze - This was the only disappointment of the day. The presentation was amazing...and the separate sauces were delicious, but the mango was very underripe, and the tuna was wayyyy overcooked. We probably should have said something, but we had a lot more eating to do, and we didn't want to make the chef mad.

6) Lobster "escargots" - this dish was adorable. Little knobs of lobster tail were served on a silver dish swimming in garlic herb butter. There is very little lobster on the plate, but the pieces you get are tender and flavored beautifully with the butter.

*Yes...we are STILL eating...*

7) Roasted eggplant canneloni with goat cheese and tomato sauce - This dish was super simple and super delicious. The goat cheese lent a tangy, creamy component to the dish, and the sauce was simple, fresh and delicious.

8) Crispy duck roll with cherry hoisin sauce - Maybe it was because we were getting a little full, but I thought this dish was delicious, but way too big. The duck roll comes wrapped in a wonton about twice the size of your standard egg roll, and stuffed with duck meat. The meat is a little on the dry side, and the lack of anything else in the roll makes it a little difficult to eat. I would have liked it a lot more with some fresh veggies inside, or at about half the size. It was a LOT of meat.

*Are you impressed with our appetites yet?*

9) Camarones a la diabla - shrimp in a spicy chile sauce - shrimp was cooked well...the sauce is definitely on the milder side. Nice kick, but no afterburn. 

*Dessert time! Obviously, we ordered two...*

10) Lemon-berry tarts - These were delicious. Lemon curd was served in crisp cookie shells with a raspberry drizzle, fresh blueberries and a mound of whipped cream. 

11) Sorbet of the day - Pineapple, Mango, and Cantelope sorbets topped with fresh berries, and Grand Marnier. The perfect light way to end this amazing meal. 

- Other memorable moments from the meal: An older lady came over specifically to tell us that we "Really did it right" - and my grandmother called...completely convinved that I said I was at a topless restaurant...not a tapas restaurant. Good times.
Mojito pitchers and yummy tapas!!!!  One of the best bday dinners EVER!!!!  I recommend the bacon-wrapped dates- I was VERY skeptical, but damn... So good!  Don't forget the grilled potatoes!
Everytime I came to Vegas, my cousin would tell me to come here. Never had the chance until this past weekend and it was well worth the visit. 

The food is really good here. Tapas style so you can just order a whole array of things. Got both the white and red sangria. I liked the red better but I think it's just a matter of preference between a red wine or white wine. 

Ordered so many things and they were all delicious. 
Artichoke Toast - the artichoke is cold on warm bread, I prefered the salmon toast
Salmon Toast - this was delicious. Smoked salmon, capers, onions on toast
Tuna Tartare - came with taro chips, I love tuna tartare so it was one of my favorites
Baked Filet of Tilapia - this had some crispy onions on top, simple/clean flavors
Fried Calamari - this was just an average dish, you can find it anywhere
Steamed Mussels - the sauce that came with this was really good. creamy and delicious. 
Chorizo Clams - these were recommended, and I really liked them. The chorizo gave a nice kick. 
Camarones a la Diabla - I loved the sauce that came with this. A little heat and the shrimp were cooked perfectly. 
Chicken & Chorizo stuffed Mushrooms - One of my favorites. I'm not normally a fan of chicken in anything, but these were delious! 
Crispy Duck Rolls - this was the only semi asian dish on the menu, it comes with a cherry hoison sauce. It was really good and meaty
Stuffed Dates - this wasn't a favorite but it's the most popular dish there. Sweet and bacon don't go together in my mind
Thai Beef Salad - didn't get to try this... but from what I saw it disappeared quick for a reason
Parmesean Fries - Love this! The aioli dip that came with it was a perfect match

Definitely will make a trip back here when I get the chance again!
Had to go check it out the Firefly when we went to Vegas last week for my birthday.  After reading the Yelp reviews and recommendation from the VIP hostess at the casino where we were staying..I made reservations for May 7th!  Good thing I did..the place was packed.   My goal was to find a place where we could have some great food and have fun eating!  

Upon our arrival we were told it would be about 30 minutes so we went to the bar and got pitchers of their Sangria.  Excellent!  It was a dry red wine with fresh fruit as it should be not the sugary mix at all!  We were seated on the outdoor patio on a smallish round table and there were 5 of us!  We ordered and ordered and ordered...I think in all we had 20 different tapas!  Then the games began, the servers were bringing us plate after plate of tapas and as we devoured them they were there clearing the dirty plates.  It was so much fun!  I think we had a small army waiting on us because there were servers coming and going the entire time!  

The tapas were all outstanding!  I would list them but, just get the menu and pick out 20 of them and that should cover it.   We all enjoyed each and every one!  I got so full that I couldn't eat another bite.   All that food and the check was a mere $125!!!

The one negative about the Firefly is the noise level!!!! ouch...it is sooo loud!  I know there are lots of people and it is a lively type environment but perhaps some sort of sound proofing to absorb the sound would be helpful?  

The Firefly is our new "have-to-go-to restaurant when we go to Vegas" now!  Must warn folks...MAKE a reservation!  We were there on a Monday and it was packed...I'm sure weekends are flat insane.  One thing, that staff can certainly handle all that and then some.  They were rockin' it!
I took my two tweenage boys here and we had a wonderful meal. I loved our wait staff, and I loved watching them and the kitchen people making and delivering the food. I had lamb skewers, chix skewers, filet sliders, parmesan fries - so yummy!  We all loved it so much, we are going to buy shirts from the website. It is a cool place. The only drawback was how loud it was - Friday night, early, it was PACKED! A testament to it's goodness! I already want to go back with hubby!!!
Firefly is the type of place that fills my heart with warm fuzzies when I think about it. Each time I've visited Vegas, I've dined here, and it has always -- always -- been worth it.

On my most recent visit, we made a reservation through Open Table, which worked out perfectly.  Even on a Tuesday evening, the place was hopping.  We were seated immediately and attended to by friendly staff.  We split the red sangria and ordered an assortment of small plates, including the following: Firefly fries, mushroom tart, manchego mac 'n' cheese, fried calamari, and lamb chops.  Per usual, everything was fantastic, especially the mushroom tart.

We rounded out our meal with caramel flan and banana-Nutella sandwiches. If you try nothing else here, order. the. banana. nutella. sandwiches. So perfect. And entirely worth it.

Overall, I would sing Firefly's praises to the highest heavens.  If you're in Vegas, make sure to include it on your must-see list.
Ok so, bumping you back up. My friends dig it and I very much enjoy your sangria, warm vibes and company Firefly. But don't think for a second you can take my love for granted and start slippin' on me again.
Aaaammmmmazing as always.. not sure how many times I can update my review but I'm back.. lol.. I have been here at least 8 times now & their is only one thing that I tried that I didn't like... the ribs.. everything else is something special.. Just recently tried the apple & manchego salad.. yum.. also tried their infused vodka, yummy! lamb was good but a little overcooked & fatty. This last time we tried their desserts for the first time.. We got the sample platter & everything was good. nothing over the top like there food though. cna't wait to go back again :)
This place was great!wonderful ambiance, everything on the menu sounded awesome and everything we ordered was yummy ;)
I am not sure why people swoon over this iteration of Firefly.  It's not bad, but it is not great.  Service was spotty, the food my wife and I ordered was delivered haphazardly and late, and it just was not great.  The garlic fries are always tasty, the bacon wrapped stuffed figs I ordered were burned, and while we wanted this to be our "go to" place, it just wasn't good enough to warrant a return visit.  Maybe we just got the wrong food.  I like the Paradise location better, but maybe it was the trip to Madrid and San Sebastian that spoiled me....this just did not deliver the authentic tapas experience I was hoping for.....
One of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas!

if i could have my way, i would always be able to order 50 small dishes and nibble on everything while sipping yummy white wine sangria.... i nibble and mix food all the time.  When it comes to food i like options and choices, so while buffets aren't my thing... tapas is always a good idea to me!

This place is always packed and I truly believe it's worth the wait.  The food is good and the service is speedy.  The environment is dark, perfect for hanging out with friends, a date... enjoying good spirits and great food.  There are two parts of this joint.  i think there was a bar or something that went out of business and Firefly bought the place out but never knocked down the wall.  Either side is great and both offer full service bars.

There's a lot of items to choose from on the menu and everything is delicious!
Some of my favorite  items: 
smoked salmon toast
tuna tartare
stuffed dates
ahi tuna skewers
firefy fries
the mac and cheese.... etc.,

there's so much more but.... i'll list the entire menu out if i keep going.

the best thing to do would be to go and try everythng!  bring friends, family, a date... and enjoy the red and white sangia too.... expect a wait!  its a very popular and hip place.
For When you've got some friends in town and you want them to have a fun interactive social dining experience with amazing food that they will talk about with their friends when they go back home this is the place. 
Also awesome for dates when you want to take turns picking what to order and sampling each others food. 
 
I always LOVE coming to this place. the food isn't crazy expensive, its delicious and its fun! Its always packed here so you really should call ahead and make reservations. 

I would possibly take away 1/2 a star because sometimes its a little too loud which takes away from the social aspect...since it can be hard to hear your friends. 

Tips:
Make reservations
Get a pitcher of sangria. 
Try the bacon wrapped stuffed dates.
Love, love, love this place!!! It is "a must" if you like tapas! I am obsessed with the blood orange mojitos! Some tasty plates we order: sliders, abondigas, tortilla espanola, skewers, and tres leches... just to name a few. 

This is the culinary highlight of my Vegas trips!
Tapas party of 1.  Everything was spectacular: Apple/manchego salad is a really great little salad.  The shrimp ceviche was plentiful and fresh.  The tilapia fried fish with spicy tarter sauch fulfills your fix for fish n' chips.  I can't wait to go back there with a group for HH.
Sangria, savory meatballs, chicken on a stick smothered in creamy garlic sauce, cute little fish sticks, empanadas, and some of the most interesting dishes I have ever seen. I have never had tapas before and I actually love it! Instead of one big meal, you can try different little meals and still reach the point of sitting back, smiling, sometimes groaning with joy at how much delicious food was consumed. When I say groaning with joy, I am saying that you cannot possibly complain that you ate too much in a negative way because your taste buds were jumping with joy when you ordered that second round of meatballs, but know you probably should not have. It is so worth it! 

Some might say that this place is a bit small, but I think that is what makes the atmosphere in this place fit in with the bite sized treats. I love the lighting in this place so much! I hate places that are so bright you feel like 8pm is really 2pm. The dimness and the outside string lights are just perfect for me. I think I love sitting outside more than inside. I sat outside and was just in love with the weather, the scenery, I was really just in love with evening here. 

We did go around 6 or 7, but as we were finishing up, the place started getting packed! It was a Monday night. So, I would advise when reading some of the other reviews when they say make reservations or get their early, because it does get busy. That is a good thing though, because I definitely plan to go back MANY times!

Now I know where to go if a date asks me what I want rather than surprising me. :)
Buen Provecho! Deelicious and super busy! Came here with my sister and got in a corner table at the peak of Happy hour. The hostesses were very friendly and quick to seat us. 
The meat skewers, bread and cheese, fried (sauteed?) green peppers, parmesean fries and even the mini bread with garlic butter came out quickly. The kitchen was turning it out! 
The servers and bussers didn't skip a beat with refilling water or even bringing the check. 
Go early if you can. Can be a bit of a wait if you have a party of 4 or more, as we saw when heading out after 630pm. 
All I can say is the food and ambiance was full of life and quite noisy! 
It's in a small complex with other businesses, parking can also be a bit of a challenge.
I learned about this restaurant from my sister who said we just had to try this place  when we vacation in Vegas. I'm so glad we did! My husband who was hesitant to try tapas, thinking portions would be super small, was pleasantly surprised!

We got seated instantly at around 7PM when they had a crowded dinner hour. Quick service. Had to try the sangria! Loved it! We had chorizo stuffed mushrooms, thai beef salad, mussels, and calamari. Our plates were totally cleaned off. The flan is also excellent here. Great atmosphere and hang out spot. We even had our 2 year old daughter with us and she loved the place. It's loud enough in here for kids and not totally formal. We'll be back next time we're in Vegas.
Food is good. The service improves, but staggers to fill their customers needs due to understaffed for the volume of customers. 

Try the sangria !
Why oh why does Firefly have to be located 2,082 miles away from my home?

This place was flat out awesome; almost everything about it was perfect

The atmosphere is nice; looks can be deceiving because Firefly is located in a small strip mall and on the outside does not look impressive but the inside is surprisingly cozy and relaxing.  The outside patio is where you want to be as long as it isn't too hot, sitting outside was a very cool experience, even though there isn't much to look at, it's always nice to enjoy a good meal and quality drink in the open air.

The drinks were delicious, well at least the sangria that I enjoyed as well as the Riesling that my friend enjoyed were.  Some of the best sangria that I have had in my entire life, sweet and savory.

The food was awesome, we ordered 5 plates and the food was not only good but surprising filing, most tapa places you need 5 or 6 plates per individual but 5 plates were actually enough for a party of 2 to get full.  We had the smoked salmon toast, delicious, the Thai beef salad, delicious, shrimp tempura, delicious, fried calamari, delicious and the steak and mushroom skewers, delicious.  Not one part of the food was a miss; all 5 plates were flavorful and utterly enjoyable. 

My only issue was with the service, the main waiter we had wasn't very attentive and also messed up on part of the order. I asked for lobster "escargot" but instead was served lamb skewers which I sent back.  I mean I guess it's an honest mistake; both do start with the letter L but come on now you can't mix up lobster and lamb.  Even with that said, overall service was pretty good, the guy in charge of refilling my water glass and clearing my plates was excellent and really likeable; if only he could teach the main waiter something all would be good.

Firefly is a must visit if you are in Vegas, I don't care if it's off the strip or in a little strip mall, the food, drinks and overall experience was awesome! Definitely worth a return visit, if only it weren't so far away from where I currently am.
Don't get me wrong, I LOVE the food at Firefly. Everything is extremely tasty and it really is one of the best tapas restaurants around. Everything from the starter plate of toasted bread, olives, and almond butter to the dessert of rum soaked bananas and nutella sandwiches is perfect. I really don't think I've had a dish there that I didn't like! My favorites are the bacon wrapped dates, macaroni and cheese, stuffed mushrooms, and paella.  

BUT minus a few stars because I was trying to pay for the meal sneakily so I handed off my credit card to the waitress as I "went to the restroom". She brought it back to me at the table saying that my card was declined...which was embarrassing. I didn't think it was possible so I asked another waiter to try it again and then I was told it's actually their SYSTEM that was down. Honestly in that kind of situation I would have appreciated if they handled it a little more appropriately or at least pulled me to the side to let me know instead of stating it in front of the entire party. Luckily I was with two of my closest friends so it wasn't THAT big of an embarrassment..
Seriously, this has to be one of my favorite spots when I come to Vegas. The drinks, the tapas, the ambiance is all fabulous.

One warning. If you book a large group, have the first person check in when they arrive. I brought a group of students here and we didn't check in until everyone arrived and then despite being 15 minutes early for our reservation, we waited over an hour after our reservation time to be seated (with pre-made reservations guaranteed with a credit card). Once we were seated, everything was fine. However making 20+ people wait while one table sits (and doesn't order anything else) is ridiculous.

However, if you aren't bringing a large group, this place is awesome. The dishes are priced right. The drinks are pricey but no more pricey than the nearby strip!

You have to try the dates. Seriously. No really. Has anyone mentioned those dates yet in a review? Other must tries: Tuna Tartare, Smoked Salmon Toasts, Padron Peppers, and Crispy Duck Rolls

Vegetarian? Some of the favorites of my vegetarian friends (including the Padron Peppers) are the Mac n Cheese, Mushroom Tart, and Nutella Sandwiches
I think with this place having SUCH high reviews, I expected more. instead, the popular dishes listed on yelp really were kind of a letdown minus a few shining stars

STARS!!!
-the RED SANGRIA! prob one of the yummiest sangrias i've had in awhile
-the stuffed dates. I don't even normally like dates, but it was wrapped in amazing bacon goodness AND it didn't taste liek a date! haha
-tuna tartare, this was my favorite........just light, refreshing, fresh tuna and perfect amount of avocado and the chips that came with it were delicious!
- the service. amazing service. everyone here is very friendly and sweet.

average:

artichoke toasts. They were good, but not great.
crispy duck roll was a little dry and only ok, but still flavorful and yes, filled with lots of duck

some downfalls :(
all the other dishes we ate.

-the shrimp ceviche was sooo sour, they basically just threw in lemon juice into a bowl and threw some shrimp in it
-the famed filet mignon sliders had terrible bread and the steak was chewy
the "manchego mac n' cheese" lacked flavor and was really bland

I've definitely been to better tapas spots and if I'm back in vegas, unfortunately, will most likely not be back.
HOLY SHIZNIT! THIS PLACE IS EFFIN GOOD! I came one night last year with the fellaz during a night of drunken stupor and I thought it was good. Of course I had to second guess myself and make sure it wasn't just the alcohol in my system that was doing the tasting. So when I came back this year with my wife, I had to be sure.  We landed in Vegas at around noon and decided to head straight for Firefly. 
It was a nice day, the sun was out and the wind was blowing a little so we decided to sit outside. The service was very attentive and the red sangria quenched our thirst. Here's what we ordered:

Stuffed Dates wrapped with bacon - There's something about stuffing a date that's exciting(in every sense of the word). Crunchy on the outside moist on the in. Blue cheese compliments the flavor. One of my favorite items. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=TDQQuCXIqJHFP8Ts5YtTzw&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA

Stuffed Peppers -  For some reason I like things that are stuffed with other things. These were not as good as the dates, but good enough.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=pRmb8_tAP5y4YPt_viL07g&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA

Steamed Mussels -  Moist, tender, succulent. And they came with garlic bread to sop up the sauce they came in. Two thumbs up.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=x52o2wmZ4n0IkslttyemMA&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA

Crispy Duck roll - Crispy and full of duck, topped with hoisin sauce and green onions. Finger-licking good.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=SRf8mX8LTkTJNr3ZX9sCCA&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA

Padron Peppers - Green like the Hulk, but not overwhelmingly strong. The have a nice subtle flavor and are complemented nicely with sea salt and lemon. Very tasty.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=W8-Bsk_hHg5pxbt4EhmPWQ&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA

Tierra y Mar Skewers - It's like having steak and lobster on a skewer. And topped with salsa verde! DAYAMN!!!! So good.
http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=zjGBgrgyJLzHSeKsVE7L3w&userid=qAjGCMN4je7NkLz6YcrAYA

I've been to other Spanish Tapas places in other cities and this is by far the best that I have tasted. Maybe they drug their food with some kind of min-altering substance. I don't know. But this place has awesome food, great service and a sexy atmosphere. I wish we had one just like it in DC.
Have always been passing by this place whenever I'm in town. But I'm so glad we finally gave it a try. The place is packed even on a Monday night! My cousins who live in Vegas said that they always had to wait to be seated most of the time. So I was surprised that they had room for 5 of us in no time. Considering that they are busy, service was still very fast and efficient. The lighting was dimmed but the place was very well decorated. Here are some of the things we ordered:

-watermelon mojito: be warned. The yummieness hides the true power of the rum.. After 2 pitchers we had to stop before we all become too drunk to go home 

-sausage plate:came with 3 kinda of meats with Dijon mustard spread. It was good because the meats were sliced thinly enough so you can enjoy the flavors

-tuna tartare: came with taro chips. Sooooo gooooooddddd!!! Perfectly seasoned an balanced out with some avocado chunks

-calamari: it was good. It came in a bigger plate too.. Best for sharing!

-chorizo and cheese fondue: I forgot the name of the dish but it was very rich!! If you like cheese and spicy sausage then this one's for you!

-tuna stuffed peppers- has a medium spicy kick which reminds me of spicy sardines

-lamb skewers: tasted like a smokey savory lamb BBQ so good!!


-chorizo stuffed mushrooms: again, cheesy gooey and meaty all in one bite 

-smoked salmon crostini: tasted good, but it's the usual cream cheese,dill and salmon in toasted bread. 

-stuffed peppers: not a big fan of cream cheese but this was surprisingly not creamy. The peppers were baked to perfection and came out tender and sweet

-lamb chops: 2 lamb chops $10. I think that's a pretty good deal. And the flavor? Omg perfectly grilled and seasoned in a bed of peppers and lentils. This for me was the best out of all of them.

The prices range from $4.50-12.00 so if you're pretty adventurous with food and want a little bit of everything, grab a few friends and head on over the fire fly. Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
Tried this place on a friends suggestion, and I was hooked. Love the ambiance, and the food is amazing. The wait staff at this location are usually fairly attentive, genuine,  quick, and also they make good eye candy. Some of my personal favorites:

Shrimp ceviche- the ONLY place I will eat ceviche. Very acidic and refreshing

Stuffed Dates- I didn't think I was going to enjoy it, but it was a semi foodgasm. Warning, there are smoked almonds in this dish

Firefly fries- I know, its fries but they are amazing fries, complete with a killer aioli, and covered in parmesan

Ham and cheese croquetas- creamy, slightly smoky, salty. Only complaint is the size, but it is a tapas joint

Filet mignon sliders- talk about heaven. Order it medium rare for max juiciness. Comes topped with serrano ham, cabrales cheese (a cheese from the north of Spain, similar to gorgonzola I think), and caramalized onions.

Albondigas- Spanish style meatballs in a sherry tomato sauce. Meatballs are nice, unctuous, succulent, a perfect mouthful when paired with that sauce

 Caramel flan- Now I'm puerto rican, lived with puerto ricans and mexicans that made authentic flan, and this flan was sinful. perfect amount of sweet, the custard was really eggy with that beautiful caramelized taste.

Desserts in general- Order the desert platter and get the trio of gelato on the side. The desert platter comes with the flan, a lemon and berry tart, choclate tres leche, passion fruit cheesecake. Surprisingly so, the tres leche was the consensual least favorite.

Items that were not so great:

Crispy Duck roll- Disappointing, because I love duck. But the duck was lost in the cherry hoisin sauce. It was cloyingly sweet.

Empanada- Hopefully my table just got a bad batch, because the pork inside the pastry was overcooked and dry.

That's pretty much it. Oh, the red wine Sangria, delicious. Order a whole pitcher, probably the best sangria I've ever had
The filet mignon sliders are the best!
The atmosphere was a little too busy and noisy for the couple we were dining with, but to be expected in this little hot spot not far from the strip. Shaded outdoor seating is available as well although we chose to dine indoors (our friends visiting from the SF Bay Area thought 85 degrees was much too hot to be eating outside!) The food is good and reasonably priced. I've been here for lunch several times, and it is not as crowded as the dinner group, but still quite busy. Our server was attentive and knew the menu well enough to make some good suggestions. He was also happy to take a couple of pictures of us at our table before we dug into the tapas which began arriving quite quickly once our order was placed :-)
Loved it!went there for late dinner with my husband on Monday night,it wasnt too busy,so we didn't have to wait for a table.service was great,our waitress was nice and very attentive.
We tried 5 different dishes:
-dates wrapped in bacon!A must!im not a big fan of bacon,but it was so gooooood!i still can taste on my tongue
-ceviche was okay,I felt it needs a bit more flavor
-ahi poke with taro chips,it was good!big pieces of tuna,just loved it
-lamb skewers was yummy too,my husband is a big fan of lamb,he knows when its good,he loved these one!
-beef sliders was great as well,it was melting in my mouth!
We also got a pitcher of red wine sangria by recommendation our server,it was good,with apple pieces,has a nice flavor.but we couldn't even finish it!their pitchers are big!you have to share it with 3-4 ppl!
Looking forward to come back and I will bring more people!
First coming here was such an amazing experience.  
From the stuffed dates, mango spare ribs, thai beef salad, and the mussels, man! what amazing food.  
The service is always on the top of their toes, i hardly ever have to ask them to refill my drink or have to call them to come to the table.  They always check up on you whether if it is busy or not.  

My personal favorites are:
stuffed dates (i always order at least 2)
tres leches (dessert)
thai beef salad
mac & cheese
mango spare ribs
just recently lobster escargot

I love this spot and my favorite firefly location :) cant go wrong with this place.
This place is great! The atmosphere is so chill, and the decor is awesome. Food and service was great! Will defiantly be coming back!
Great food and atmosphere! I love this place!
When I retired from the Air Force, we had my retirement dinner here.  This is where I bring my out of town friends when I want to impress them.  Casual atmosphere, great food, 3-day marinated sangria, great prices. Just take your time and enjoy. Make reservations through Urbanspoon for dining points.
Loved it. Great food and nice staff. Very noicy.
This place was definitely a highlight on our Vegas trip, and worth the trip off the strip!

Any place thats packed at 10pm on a weeknight has got to be good. Of course we weren't expecting to have to wait a half hour that late, but it was worth it.

Sparkling Sangria was great, my sister didn't like her mojito too much, but I have a feeling she doesn't like mojitos at all haha.

We ordered about 6 small plates, most I cant remember. They bring you a small plate of bread, olives and some kind of delicious flavored whipped buttery stuff as soon as you sit down. It was small, but enough to keep us from eating our napkins we were so hungry.

The food was AMAZING and inexpensive too. Our favorite dish by far was the chorizo stuffed clams. O.M.G. i would seriously eat this as my last dish before I die. Heavenly. I would drive 10 hours back to vegas just for this. 

I think with drinks and however many plates we ordered it only came out to about 50 bucks!
horrible not tolerable waiting period.

The waiter selects and profiles who he will handle first.

We came in and sat down. The waiter never not once came to me but
Took care of TWO other older customers that were seated AFTER me. They
were next to me.

Waitresses have prissy attitude problems that owner
should be aware of.

We just got up and left.
On our last night in Vegas, we had a work dinner at Firefly. My boss actually scouted this place on Yelp and made a reservation. Good job, bossman! Needless to say, I was excited about this place all week due to the raving Yelp reviews, and my fellow Yelpers did not lead us astray!

We started with the Sparkling Sangria, which was delicious! Then I sat back and watched my two coworkers, who I lovingly refer to as "Woodchipper 1.0," and "Woodchipper 2.0" literally suck down plate after plate after plate of delicious food. I wish I would have videotaped this scene, it was epic. 

The bacon wrapped dates were probably the most amazing thing I have I ever tasted in my entire life. Seriously! I think the "Woodchippers" had at least 25 of those each. 

All in all, we had the best time. Great laughs, great food, and great times! I highly recommend this joint. It is straight awesome sauce. :)
Another 6 star if I could!! No this is not my first time at Firefly so I can write a well rounded review. However, every single time I go to Vegas I make sure that I stop at Firefly for some of their stuffed dates, mar y tierra skewers, their sangria (fave is red) and calamari. This is ohhh so good and it's not uber expensive if you were eating on the strip or a buffet. This last time was for a bachlorette fiesta and we had 13 guests. The drinks were flowing and the food was coming and the bill was less than $400 (with tip). AND we order desert. Not bad if you ask me especially since we had at least 8 pitchers of sangria. 

Hit up Firefly is you want something different that wont cost you mega bucks.
Love this place!!!!  They have the best Mojitos & Sangria.  And every visit the must have items on menu are the Stuffed Dates & Lamb Chops!!!!  Till my next visit......
Was in Vegas to celebrate my friend's graduation.  We were highly recommended this restaurant, so my husband and I thought we would give it a try.  

The place was busy on the Friday night we went.  We had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated indoors.  The ambiance was fabulous.  We ordered several small plates because we wanted to try everything.  While we were waiting for our food, they brought us this appetizer with olives, bread, and an almond spread.  It was very good!  We also ordered a sangria, which was delicious.  Our waiter was fabulous, always checking in on us and making sure our drinks were always filled.  She also timed our food just right, so our plates came out in groups, and we didn't have too much on the table at one time.  

Definitely well worth the 30 minute wait.  We loved the food so much that our friends ending up coming too because we talked so highly of the place.  They also had a great experience. Will definitely come back when we are in town again!
Went here with 3 friends for a night of tapas and sangria....It did not disappoint!

Everything we ordered was excellent and reasonably priced.  I tried red and white sangria and enjoyed both, but I have to say I liked the red better (probably just a personal preference.)  What makes this place special is that there is something for everyone from the carnivore to the vegetarian. 

I tried the anchovy dish cause a friend ordered it, and I was very pleasantly surprised.  Not fishy at all like I expected.  My favorite dish I tried was the Tuna Peppers.  I found that they used the a lot of the same ingredients in different dishes, so you could stick with one flavor profile, or you could totally mix it up.  There's a lot to choose from so I suggest that everyone at the table orders two dishes to start, then you take it from there.  

We saved room for dessert and ordered the sampler.  I'm glad we did, cause it had a little bit of everything.  Overall, its not a bad cab ride from the strip, and a great place to come with friends!
With 991 other reviews written, I'm probably not going to tell you something you couldn't already read, but here goes.  Came here at Midnight on a Thursday night/Friday morning, gathering friends from poker tables across the city via text and hoping they were hungry (or thirsty) enough to join us.   No problem getting a table for seven inside when we walked in.  We ordered about 30% or so of the full menu and a couple of pitchers of the red sangria and took our time.  

Standouts of the night were the bacon-wrapped dates (mmm sweet and savory to boot!), the pork empanada, manchego mac n' cheese, and albondigas.  The sangria was not very strong, which is probably a good thing or else we would have been in trouble.  

Considering we were going to enjoy Julian Serrano (Aria) or Jaleo, two of the more upscale tapas restaurants in Las Vegas I was pleasantly surprised by Firefly.  Definitely having exceptional luck with off-the-strip dining experiences in Las Vegas this year (see previous review of Mint Indian Bistro, as well).
It took me a year to finally try this spot out! Ended up going here because wicked spoon is lame and closes at 2p n reopens at 5p -_- still love wicked spoon tho, but my sister told me over a year ago to eat at firefly. From the time she told me about it to the time I actually went I had been to vegas SIX times.  I thought by the time I actually tried Firefly I would be like "ehh its ok" coz I have been anticipating it for so long, but boy was I wrong. I ordered 4 tapas for myself. I got the ham and cheese croquette, firefly fries, sirloin burgers, and bacon wrapped dates. All were delicious. Apparently bacon wrapped dates are supposed to be the sh.t but when I tried, it was OK, kinda salty. If you want to try it share with 2 or 3 other people. Firefly is not too far away from the strip so you dont have to be concerned about sky high taxi fare. I really wish we had a fire fly in the bay but it gives me another reason to fly out to vegas!
The stuffed dates are really good! The desserts are good too and so is the service
I have been eating at the Firefly Restaurant for many years now and have never been disappointed.  The variety on the menu keeps me coming back and interested and I love to take new people there for inspiration on new dishes.  The service is fast and friendly and the ambiance is comfortable and energizing both for lunch and dinner.
Excellent tapas.  Went with my wife, and were unexpectedly surprised with the quality of the food and service.  The wait was a little long, but worth it in the end.  Would definitely recommend, whether you're a local, or a tourist tired of the buffets and casinos.  We were only two, so it was hard to sample everything - but we will be back for more!
Our group of  6 came here on a Saturday night without making reservations so the wait was about 30 minutes for a table which wasn't too bad considering the place was really packed.  

Our server was very attentive, as soon as we got seated  we ordered a couple pitchers of Sangria to start off with. The Sangria was good but it wasn't very strong.  while we waited they brought us a plate of bread with butter and some olives. We ordered about 5 or 6 plates off the menu to try.  We only waited about 20 minutes for the food to come out, was very impressed with how smoothly everything ran.  

Now for the food, everything I tried was delicious! I ordered the manchego mac n' cheese which was a pretty small plate but it really delivered.  The paella was looking tempting and I immediately had to have more after a few bites of that.  I think the best thing I tried was the lamb, very tasty and it was so tender,   I feel like that was cooked to perfection.  I was very full after all of that but as Louis C.K. once said "I don't stop eating when I'm full, I stop eating when I hate myself" so the group was in full agreement we needed some desert to top the great meal off and someone was craving the nutella sandwiches so we ordered that and I'm glad we did. The bread was fluffy but  was also heated so it had a little crunch on the outside that I really loved and then you add on the smoothness of the nutella and you have me saying "I think my mouth is having an orgasm" 

The bill actually wasn't that large for everything we ordered, it's perfect for a small group or date. I will definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone that comes out to Vegas
I have heard so many great reviews about Firefly and ever since we moved here we wanted to try it. My wife and I watched one of those "stake out" reality shows that had Firefly on it and thought, oh we should go there and see how the guy changed the place.  What a let down.  I walk in and there are hostesses massaging bus boys and servers shoulders. We ask for a seat outside because the summer heat cooled a bit , we were given our menus and left out there for 7 minutes without even a drink order.  I went back inside to see what the hold up was and there were the hostesses and servers massaging each other and 4 servers just standing around. I asked if I could get a server to our table outside and everyone just raised their shoulders as to say, "I don't know". We went back outside and waited another 5 minutes... still no one.  So we left. Obviously all the problems that were supposed to be fixed on the TV show weren't.
Great place to eat. Trend setter, just behind the casino's on the east side, I like to take my friends here to eat and drink and to have a good time.
Wow!  My new obsession is trying new cuisine, and was not sure what to expect.   

We tried a few things off the menu to maximize our experience.  The food was incredible!  So flavorful, the ambiance was just perfect, and the staff was wonderful.

We started with their signature appetizer of bread and almond spread.  Then followed with the following:  Stuffed Dates, Crispy Duck Roll, Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms, and finished with the Banana Nutella Dessert.  

I am sad that I live 3000 miles away, as this would be a weekly visit!   When in Vegas, check it out!  Recommended!
A party of four goes to Firefly on a Saturday evening to enjoy Tapas and Mojito's without reservations. Typically, this story would end in anger or disappointment; this story ends in pure joy.

Firefly is by far the best Tapas I have had outside of Spain and one place in Seattle.

The wait staff was perfect. Dishes were brought to the table and cleared away with expertise. Drinks and mojito pitchers were refilled quickly. 

The food, oh the food, was fabulous. There was only one dish out of about twenty (I wish that was an exaggeration) that we didn't love. 

We ate and drank until we were completely uncomfortable which is hard to do at a tapas restaurant. For us, this was the best food we had in Vegas.
Filet Mignon sliders and ceviche is to die for. We also love the fries with crumbles of cheese on them.  Always packed but for good reason.  Sangria pitchers make for a great meal.
Keep in mind that tapas are small dishes. 

But oh boy, waited too long to write this review (again). We have friends in Vegas this weekend (hot!) and I just reminded them to check out the Firefly on Paradise - can't vouch for any others!

We had a group of 8 and ordered a different plate for each of us and ate them family style. Then we ordered more, ended up ordering 16 plates, which was too much food. 

All of them were OK, but a few were simply outstanding. I reluctantly tried a stuffed date - I usually don't like bacon on sweets - but that was one we ordered 2x! Also a shrimp dish. 

The mac and cheese and sausage plates were OK, but only ordered once. I'm getting old and waited too long to remember the rest. But just order a few and see what you like before ordering the additional plates.
Ay Caramba!!!!

I Love This Place!!!!

On our last stop through SinCity before heading out to the airport, my friends and I decided to check out this off-strip Yelp favorite. With over 1,000 reviews, Firefly has scored an impressive 4.5 star average out of five, no easy feat I might add!

Well, it goes without saying that I came with high expectations. Luckily, I was not disappointed...whew!

Upon stepping into the bustling restaurant, i heard rhythmic salsa music being played in the background and it had a very familar Latin cantina vibe to it, which felt casual and fun. With lots of red and orange all around my hankering for tasty tapas became even more amplified!

We were seated conveniently by the large window, which let in a good amount of natural lighting (excellent for foodporn) and spacious enough for us to stow our luggage.

Our server was friendly and helpful with the menu and never pushy or rude.  Within moments of ordering, we got some sliced baguettes drizzled with butter and served with pickled olives and a house butter spread. The bread was warm & crisp and house butter was delicious! 

Then came our drinks and tapas!

I must insist that you try the blood orange mojito. You can taste that the blood orange was deeply infused in this amazing drink and the combination of the refreshing mint makes this exhilarating drink all the more enjoyable! Of course, the sangrias here are phenomenal and also a must if you're going to enjoy tapas here, as well.

Now onto the tapas...

Bacon Wrapped dates with smoked almonds red wine reduction and blue cheese crumbles were remarkably good! Crisp bacon wrapped around sweet dates and tooped with fragrant blue cheese crumbles is always a winning combination in my book!

Tuna tartare - the marinated tuna had a tangy Asian flare that had hints of soy, lime & chili...enjoyed on crisp taro chips, it was a delicious contrast of textures and flavors that made this tartare a shining success!

Tierra Y Mar Skewers - Grilled Shrimp, Filet Mignon, Chorizo, Salsa Verde - from the plump shrimp to the juicy filet, each morsel on the skewer was cooked perfectly. Tack on the the tangy  kick of the salsa verde and it was a virtual fiesta in the mouth! 

Duck rolls - Crisp and delicious fried wonton wrapped around tender pieces of succulent braised duck and dressed in a very tangy sweet hoisin sauce, almost too cloyingly sweet but overall, very tasty.

Filet Mignon sliders - Served with a very rich Serrano ham, cabrales cheese sauce and caramelized onions this dish was probably the most disappointing as the burgers were cooked well done leaving them without the awesome pink center I love so much. Because they were well done, they were chewier and less tender juicy and flavorful 

Camarones la diabla - Now this dish was a winner! Bursting with bright flavor and beautifully presented in a fiery red sauce, the plump shrimp were generously dressed with a sauce that creeped up slowly but left a spicy kick at the end of each bite...yum!

Ceviche - Loaded with plump shrimp, this dish came with loads of crunchy tortilla chips and buttery avocado. My only gripe would be that it needed some some spice to kick it up a notch. Nothing a lil Tabasco couldn't fix which our lovely server remedied for us upon request.

For dessert - We enjoyed a caramel flan with a lady finger and it was the perfect end to a delightful meal!

Our server also arranged cab service for us which arrived in record time!

I highly recommend Firefly to anyone looking for a great lunch or evening out with friends. The restaurant is fun, the service is friendly and the food is fantastic!

Happy Eats!
More like 3.5 stars, but I'll round up.  The service was great.  The food was alright, not amazing, but for sure a solid choice.  I am very thankful for this oasis that was still walking distance from The Strip.  Much better value for money!
Some of the best tapas I've ever eaten. Great prices, large menu, wonderful staff, etc. LOVED IT!!!!!!
Honestly the best place to eat in Vegas... and The best part ... it's NOT on the strip.  Whatever you order you will be impressed.  The wait for this place is sometimes one hr. and there's a reason for it.  Tuna Tar Tar, Steak Sliders and Dates and the apple salad.  I can go on for ever.  This is a LAS VEGAS Must Eat.
I don't know if you could even call this place a local secret anymore! If you haven't heard about it, GO TRY IT. You won't be disappointed. I used to live in Vegas years ago and the quality and consistency of the food hasn't changed at all. Yelp makes it easy for you too, order what everyone is raving about. There's a reason for that.

It's Spanish tapas style food so bring your friends and order a bunch! I personally like the Manchego Mac n' Cheese, Filet Mignon Sliders, Duck rolls, Mussels, and the Tuna Tartare. 

BUT...

If there is one thing that you MUST ORDER, get a pitcher (regardless of how thirsty you are) of the RED SANGRIA. You're welcome.

They have their own parking lot but cab it if you're going to drink, use yelp to make reservations through Open Table, be hungry, blah blah blah whatever, just do the red sangria.
The secret is out, Firefly is a must go to place if you're living in Vegas or just visiting. If you're looking for a tapas place that is fun, hip and great for get togethers, you can't go wrong with Firefly. 

I've been here so many times, despite what my check in says, I'm a regular. At one point, I think I was obsess with this place. Anyway, I've been here for lunch-ish (2pm), dinner and late nights. I love, love, love that I can come here after work and have a great meal and some drinks. 

Everything on their menu is pretty much amazing. But here's my go to list. You can try them yourself or be adventurous and try something new. The top of the list is what I order every time I'm there and the bottom ones are ones I've tried and thought it was fantastic as well.

Apple/manchego salad: Apple and cheese, a winer's delight. Crispy granny smith apples cut up like matchsticks paired with a nutty and salty flavorful manchego cheese. If you don't know what manchego cheese is, it's the spanish version of a parmesan cheese. It's nutty, definitely a little salty and often firm but not hard like a parm. Delicious is all you need to know. This is a salad that I have to have every time.

Boquerones: Ahhhhhhhhhh, white anchovies, basil, bread, lemon, what else is there? Unlike regular anchovies, the white ones are milder in flavor, not salty and wonderfully yummy. Served on sliced baguette with basil and I think chili oil. Whatever, it's a reminder of tapas can be so fun and mouth watering. Great to dish to share, but I don't recommend it.

Steamed mussel: Talk about calories. You're going to need to save the room for these. The broth that it comes in, make sure you save some bread because you're going to want to soak it up with it. It's creamy, buttery and a little bit curried. 

Veggie empanadas: Deep fired and packed with flavors. The meat ones are good, but I think the veggie ones are better.

Big bowl of spinach salad: There's spinach, so it's healthy, right? Yes! you literally get a big bowl of this fresh salad that has obviously spinach and these roasted peppers, artichokes and fried onions and the dressing that just ties is all together.

Bacon wrapped dates: Sweet and salty and topped with a little bleu cheese is all I need to say. But you need to eat them as soon as they arrive because they're not as good when they're cold and the bacon gets hard.

Patron peppers: Great little peppers to have on the side. Most of the are mild but if you get lucky or unlucky to some, you'll get one that really packs some heat. 

There's too much to say here. Just get out and try it because it's a must try spot for everyone. And don't forget to get a drink with that, especially the sangria. 

Ciao and until next time, happy eating everyone :)
I've tried to keep this my little secret since 2010.. This is the one and only mandatory restaurant when I'm in the area, mainly for 3 things: sparking sangria, paella, and the creamy dip and olives with garlic bread you get when you are seated. 

RECOMMENDATIONS (why I give this place 5 stars):

Sparkling sangria- heaven's gift for sangria lovers who like a fruitier, fizzier and lighter version of the drink. $7 a glass or $28 a pitcher. 

Paella- the best I've had up to date (and I've tried many in SF). The amount of saffron is usually perfect, very savory with a bit of sour, and there is always a generous amount of seafood, chicken and sausage. The rice is soft, chewy and well-spiced. 

Filet mignon sliders- the boyfriend's favorite. These are mini burgers with medium-rare beef and the most amazing cheese sauce, Fried caramelized onions on the side.

Steamed mussels- a big plate of mussels bathed in a delicious wine sauce.

Garden variety salad- so fresh and bursting with flavors of feta cheese, orange and dried cherries with vinaigrette. The baby beet salad and warm spinach salad are really good as well. 

OTHER NOTES:

Baked filets of tilapia- way too sour but if you like a heavy lemon taste with several slices of healthy fish, go for it. 

Crispy duck roll- not recommended, super salty. Leave the "hoisin" sauce to Asian places.

Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms- five cute little bite-size mushrooms that don't particularly wow me, but the boyfriend likes the taste combination. 

I have heard that the stuffed dates are well-liked.. will try next time.


I love that Firefly is consistent in its service, presentation and quality for the items I like to order. Also, this place is completely reasonably-priced for what it offers.
In Vegas for the weekend, and decided to get off the strip for dinner Saturday night.  Best.  Choice.  Ever.  We weren't super-hungry coming in, but I wish we had been!  Next time I know to fast for a day or two so I can try more than 3 dishes!

We ordered:

Gazpacho - solid dish, great croutons/avocado on top, nice texture and flavor.  At most other restaurants, this would have blown me out of the water (and it did, until I tried the other 2 dishes....)

Ceviche - YUM. YUM. YUM.  Great lime-iness, nice texture on the shrimp.  I used the bread to soak up the rest of the broth.  Heaven!

Thai Beef Salad - I will order this again and again and again (assuming I make it back to Vegas).  This salad was perfection!  The beef was tender and flavorful, and the other salad ingredients were so perfectly balanced.  The dressing was soy/salsa verde-based and I also soaked this up with bread.  I can't stop thinking about it.

Service was great, food came out fast (probably helped that we ordered 2 cold dishes and a salad) but we didn't feel rushed in the least.  Arrived around 8 pm on Saturday, put out names in for what we were told would be a 45 minute wait, came back 30 minutes later and were seated immediately.  Fun & funky atmosphere without it feeling like they were trying too hard.  Basically, I was impressed as soon as I walked in and the food only increased my opinion of this place.  Check it out, for sure.

The 3 dishes above, plus the complimentary bread/olives/spread (WHAT WAS IN THAT??  It was sooo yummy), plus 2 beers only set us back $30 + tip.
So I went on a Yelp'ing frenzy on my last Vegas trip since I did more eating out than I did partying and sleeping. It's usually hard to find tapas bars in Orange County, or at least ones I like eating at. So when I came upon this one in Vegas, I debated on writing to the owner and having them consider getting one out in Orange County...like really. I highly recommend you come here, bring a couple friends, grab a couple glasses of sangria, order a couple of dishes, order a couple of more, and then have yourself a darn good time. Bacon wrapped dates...very few places have these, only one other place (in Whittier, CA...) ties with this place on this dish. This is currently my newest addiction...I have no idea what it is about this savory-sweet combo that gets me every time, but it does...Also get the firefly fries and the tierra y mar skewers...flavors that'll leave you wanting more, like a good strip tease. Next Vegas trip, I'm heading straight for this place for more yummy!
My girl friends and I must have ate Firefly's kitchen out.  We had 10 tapas and a pan of paella for lunch before, of course, dropping our guts at Encore Beach Club.  Sexy! 

The paella is an absolute must-have for $20 (Toto, I've a feeling we're not in San Francisco anymore!).  It was chock-full of clams, mussels, shrimp, calamari, chicken, and chorizo--I couldn't believe there was more seafood than saffron rice.  My favorite small plates were the camarones a la diabla (shrimp in spicy chile sauce), stuffed dates, and chorizo clams.  The shrimp was perfectly cooked in a delectable sauce--after we had all the shrimp, we hung on to the sauce and smothered anything and everything with it.  The dates were small, though tasty and complex.   The clams were in a lighter sauce than the shrimp but also delicious simmered in chorizo and white wine. 

I would skip the roasted baby beet salad, tortilla a la Espanola (Spanish omelette), and the lobster escargots.  There were barely any beets in the salad; the tortilla not only looked but tasted unappetizing; and the lobster escargots were so small I can't even remember their taste.

I've had paella and tapas in Spain and at many memorable restaurants in the US.  Firefly doesn't come close to the top, but the prices are so reasonable (for Vegas!) and the selection is so vast (even the pickiest of eaters can't whine!) that I have to bump this 3-star tapas bar to 4 stars.  Plus, it's nice to leave the Strip for a meal!
I was here on a Friday night July 13th with my hubby and another couple.  This place was BUSY, but our 30 minute wait wasn't bad.  When they seated us, we had to walk out of the restaurant and went next door, the 2 rooms didn't connect.  Parking here was easy, it has a decent parking lot since it's inside a retail strip.  

The service was good, our food and drinks were brought our accordingly, no long wait.  The food (small plates) was excellent, some of the plates were actually bigger than what I thought it would be. The salads are definitely a decent size for small plates.  Anything shrimp was awesome.  We had a lot, I don't remember exactly what we ordered. The stuff dates were good but a little on the sweet side.  The shrimp tempura was excellent, not like the ones you get from the sushi restaurants. It's lightly battered and had a wonderful taste, included fried green onions and potatoes I think.  The claims were good, season just right.  The thai beef salad had almost a bland taste to it but then you hit a hot chilli pepper and the spice kicked right in. I didn't try their tapas, what it's known for but the others said it's good.  We ordered so much more  and most of the items we ordered are good.  There is one octopus dish that was ok, wasn't the greatest.  Overall, price wise (about $200 including many many drinks) was decent for 4 people.  I would go back here again and again when I go to Vegas, this is my must hit place.
So I should start off with saying that my husband and I could not afford the 3 to 4 thousand minimums on the strip for our wedding reception. I had been to the firefly before and liked the food enough and the vibe enough. So the good, I live in Seattle and I am privilege to really amazing food. If you live in Seattle and you make a decent living a month you also know what good food is and likely don't even realize how good you are eating because you take for granted how fresh and local everything is. So yeah, we chose tapas. It was good. They had some really great and delicious items but it was not amazing by any means but then again nothing I ate in Vegas was amazing. I am convinced that amazing food is very difficult to come by in a desert.  So the food was better than anything we had eaten in Vegas but by no means amazing. The service was o.k. People waited  longer for drinks than I would have liked them too considering we booked this six months in advance. Our space was cramped, at the back of the restaurant in a corner. A bit more space even two or three inches between tables would have made moving about easier. They did however allow us to bring in an Elvis impersonator at no additional charge. That was awesome. We had ordered a lovely cake from a local bakery that we were charged per head for yet when the cake was brought out it was obviously straight from the walk in and the frosting was cold and hard. We brought the remaining cake back to the hotel with us and were able to fully appreciate how delicious it was once it was at a warmer temp the next day. Firefly was an ok pick for being on a budget, however if we would have had a few extra K to spend for a reception we would have taken the party elsewhere. It was not great neither bad. It is close to the strip.
Solid tapas, great service and amazing prices!  We liked the food but did not have anything that knocked us over (anchovies, grilled octopus, baby beet salad, meatballs, Tiera y Mar skewers).  Good sangria.  Good option if you want to get away from all the chains filling Vegas.
We listen to fellow Yelpers and I'm glad we did!!! This place was SO GOOD!!! I don't know if it's because I got 12 different dishes but every single plate I got was tasty hot and fresh!!! This is what we ordered and 4-6 steak and mushrooms!! So please try steak and mushroom when you try this place.. We will def be back. The service was fast so that always was a plus. Always had a server by our table if we ever needed anything. Refilled out drinks consistently.... Thanks Yelpers for the great recommendation !!! U def made up for some of the past ones.. Ha
Finally tried this place for the first time, missed happy hour by about 10 minutes and really wanted to kick myself in the butt for that, but the tapas selection and variety were delicious. Tried some of the seafood, beef skewers, lamb, and bacon wrapped dates. Everything came out delicious and very quick. The sangria is very tasty as well, although the only fruit pieces in it were diced apples. 

Next time I will have to make sure to get here for happy hour.
Firefly was very good and some dishes were great.   A fun dining experience off the Strip. 

Ambiance - 4 stars
Hipster.  But, very noisy and ice-cold AC inside.  So, we opted to sit outside, which was fine at 10pm 

Service - 3 stars
The server was very timely initially, but then they seemed to forget about us as the meal progressed.

Drinks - 2 stars
The Mojito & Margaritas were far too sweet and took forever to arrive.

Food - 
Menu Variety - 5 stars
Amazing choices (perhaps too many!)  ;-)

Stuffed dates - 5 stars
"Dance Party" in your mouth with bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese.  Amazing!

Ham & Cheese Croquetas - 3 stars
While good (and recommended by the server), it was just too rich & creamy to fully appreciate the Serrano Ham & Manchego Cheese

Steak & Mushroom Skewers - 4 stars
Grilled filet, roast garlic cream & red wine reduction.  There was quite a lot of meat, which was tender & tasty.  The sauce, while good, was a bit bland.

Beet Salad - 3 stars
It had all the proper components, beets, tender greens, nuts & feta cheese.  But, it was also somewhat bland.

Overall, Firefly was good and we might try it again with another group of friends.
Yummy tapas for sure! My hubby and I really really like this place. We have been there 3 times in the past month to just have some drinks away from the kids and enjoy a snack while chatting. It is always a pleasure to come here and we get treated well each time by a friendly staff. The table however was not really clean that well the last time we came but that is my only issue.
This was so memorable that we had to eat Tapas the next night.  The only thing we did wrong was try a different Tapas bar which was a flop. You must try the Sangria, the sliders, the stuffed dates and the spicy hot shrimp. The shrimp tempura was good as well.  We had the flan which was very good.  We thoroughly enjoyed this place and would go back for sure   Best of all was the service, the price and the atmosphere.  It was a local place and people were friendly and about the only thing I can say negative about this restaurant was that it was a bit warm inside for my liking but it was 106 degrees outside.
I have been to firefly probably about 10 times in the past few years.  Usually its for the pitchers of sangria and the company of some good friends.  I rarely go there to serve my palate with a delectable array of dishes.  HOWEVER!  This happened, and below is my experience.

First of all, dumb me, did not realize that there was a huge other section of this restaurant.  I only ever sat in the tiny -ass room with the bar.  Yeah, dumb me.  Anyway the main room is nice!

Things you should ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS order at firefly: bacon-wrapped dates, and the sangria.  White or red doesnt matter, you NEED to get the sangria.  It's the best sangria I've ever had.  A pitcher of it will run you $28 or similar.  get it.  Anyway, also get the mushroom and steak skewers, super juicy and well-flavored.

Things to not get:  They have this dish called patatas flavas.  It's diced potatoes covered with some sort of sauce.  I wasn't a fan, it was greasy and the sauce was weird.

I don't think I would go here for an actual meal again, just because those potatoes left a horrible taste in my mouth. I'll probably go to just munch on some delicious dates and drink the...what was it?  Sangria.  OH! I almost forgot that our waiter forgot us.  At least that's what it felt like.  But this place gets poppin' (I can't believe I just typed that) on the weekends so he did get super busy.
Again, one of my favorite meals in vegas.  We had to wait about 40 minutes for a table for two on friday night to get a seat, which is to be expected.  We got about 7 tapas for the two of us.  As many others have stated, get the bacon wrapped stuffed dates, they are very good.  I've been here before and I think I liked the food this time around better.  The other thing with tapas places, I've felt that I'm not getting value for my money typically, but this was $62 including tip for two, and 7 plates and 1 dessert, no drinks (just water).  I thought this was pretty good.  As far as service, it was ok.  I am picky about making sure my drinks are refilled consistently.  I waited a while the first time, and then just asked the server to leave a pitcher of water, so I really didn't have to wait the rest of the meal. Overall, I would recommend checking this place out.
Tried this place last night. It was packed and although my friends and I enjoyed all the food overall, there were some serious service snafus. Our server was hurried and not at all on top of it. He should have had some help, as he made a couple of serious mistakes. I ordered a glass of cabernet and my partner asked for chardonnay. Almost every restaurant automatically serve the 'house' or lowest price wine when someone orders a glass of cab etc. Our server did not. He took it upon himself to substitute a glass that was 3 times the price of the house wine (the portion of wine was also very small, like 4 ounces). When the check arrived I tried to find the manager, and a hostess finally foind him outside. He was nice enough  and said he would fix the check. He reduced the  wine portion from $48 to $24, still $4 more than it should have been. Our server managed a poor apology and told me he was too busy and simply made a mistake. Hmmmm. Not buying it. Another note, get rid of the crappy, loud piped in Spanish music and add  some air conditioning,thr restaurant atmosphete made us all want to leave asap. So food 4 stars, service 2 stars.
Best tapas place in Las Vegas and probably in most places I've been to.  Love the seafood paella (I had them put the sausage and beef bits on the side).  The tilapia was good if you like it lemony.  If you don't like it to be too zesty, you can always ask them to put less lemon slices, or have them on the side.  My friend raved about his mac and cheese, which disappeared in his mouth in less than 3 minutes.  

It's also opened late too which was a plus!
i cant say anything different than anyone else has besides oh god i miss those dates like my cross country grandmother.

and the sangria was nice but i knew better than to drink too much...sweet!

by far the most inspired and worthwhile meal i had while in las vegas.
Amazing! Artichoke Toast was my favorite!
Really good, of course we just got in town and avis didn't have the compact car we requested so we got a 2013 mustang at the same rate, so this might be exagerated. Bacon almond dates are amazing. Pulpa is cooked well but needs a sauce. Lamb was tasty. If anything, do yourself a favor and order a pitcher of sangria. Gonna have to go to the one in LA to compare. Looked like their happy hour is where it's at and any time you can get of the strip its well worth it.
I think I've been here twice in the past month and I am ready to come back to nom again very soon.  For a big guy like me, I usually prefer "healthy" sized meals in comparison to a plethora of small entrees to pick from.  But, Firefly seems to get me every time.  From the Camarones a la Diabla to the Tuna Tartare, all of the dishes ordered at Firefly seem to continually hit the spot.  Plus, they have a nice malbec on the menu at a nice price.  What more can I ask for??  Actually, I would ask for a decrease in the hustle-n-bustle and a little more of a quieter atmosphere.. but when everyone else is enjoying it just as much as I am.. well, I can't do too much about that now can I?

Definitely coming back to grub here soon.. make sure to try out the Camarones a la Diabla (the sauce is bangin'!) and the Passionfruit Cheesecake when you stop by!
Loved the food and service.

- Bacon wrapped dates are a must have! 
- Same for the Kobe beef sliders that come with that delish chipotle aioli. 
- The garlic butter and bread were a cherry on top. 

Our server was kind enough to replace our drinks which weren't on par with our expectations and the replacements were amazing! Great spot right off the strip if you want to have great food and alcohol for a reasonable price.
My favorite go to place for tapas when in Las Vegas.......
Bacon wrapped dates (as many mention) are the best...
So many great tapas - 
We love to get some drinks; enjoy looking at the menu; and then deciding on what great tapas to have this go around....
Too bad the place is so far from home for me - but when in the area its our go to place for tapas....Firefly is the best! 
And I like the sangria -  just writing this makes me happy!
Next trip already planned - Firefly I'll see you soon!
Hands down best tapas I've ever had !!
All the tapas I've had are good.  The sangria is also good.  The place can be very noisy so don't go if you're looking for an intimate dinner.
Who would of known that there is an AMAZING Tapas restaurant in Las Vegas? 

Firely is located off the strip but well worth the trip. As we enter, it was dark and social with latin jams blasting in the background.  I was starting to dig this place!

To get the party started, I order the sangria and mojito. Both drinks were TERRIFIC! Don't judge me it's VEGAS! 

There were so many tapa dishes to choose from. The bacon wrapped figs, tierra y mar skewer, crispy duck rolls and tuna tartar were incredible. The filet mignon sliders and mac n cheese was outstanding. Each tapas dish ranges from $4-$8. 

I would definitely be back here on my next trip to Vegas!
This place is mmm mmm good. This was my first tapas experience and I loved it. I came here with a couple other people so we were able to order a few things and share them. We got the Mac n cheese, calamari, parmesan fries, and a baked pepper. I didn't try the calamari because I'm not a big seafood person, but everything else was very good, especially the fries. We came in at the beginning of happy hour so we were able to participate in the drink specials which we were also delicious. This place is definitely worth a try, and I can't wait to go back.
I love this place....there is nothing better than getting to try lots of different items for a great price
I absolutely love this place!!  I have experienced both sitting inside at the bar as well as eating outside in the summer. Today I sat at the bar and they had three bartenders on staff. I ordered the warm spinach salad, bacon wrapped dates and the mini filet sliders. All very good :) I will be back.
If you're in Vegas with a party of 4 or more, you've got to check this place out.

I've made it a point to try and eat at least once off of the strip on each Vegas trip.  Located about 1 mile East of the strip by Sands Blvd (By Palazzo).  The prices are a bit more reasonable, and you'll find some real gems like this Firefly joint.  

Tell your cabbie "Firefly on Paradise" and they'll know where to go.

I don't think they take reservations for weekends, so we arrived early for dinner and had no wait being seated for 6 + a baby.  Also great for lunch I'm sure.

Here's the menu: http://www.fireflylv.com/menu.html

Besides one dish that was a bit sweet for my palate (I think it was the duck in cherry hoisin), I pretty much loved every dish.  I recommend trying the foreign things because they'r likely really good and that's the fun of foodie adventures.

The must trys are:
-Paella... good volume, generous seafood portions, and the goodness absorbed into the rice (plus, paella is the epitome of tapas)
-Chorizo Clams... the white wine chorizo sauce for dipping bread is magic!
-Sparking sangria (fruit-infused for 3-days)
-Pulpo Asado (marinated and grilled ocotpus)

The forego your first trip are:
-Tortilla Espanola (potatoes seemed a bit underdone)

The GF thought the flavors had a recurring theme of tomatoes and garlic, but I thought each dish was pretty dynamic.

The ambiance isn't very intimate, but there was no rush and the service was attentive and knowledgeable.  This is a great place to catch up with friends or family and share small plates of good Spanish tapas with a cold sangria or red wine.
Love love love firefly....bacon wrapped dates...has been amazing food everytime i have been there.... The service was ok...will definately go back...always great for a party!!!
THIS IS A MUST GO! It is worth the drive off the strip. The food is DELICIOUS and the prices are really reasonable. The bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese are a MUST and the baby back ribs are also AMAZING. The white Sangria is also to die for! I will definitely be back when I'm in Vegas.
If you haven't tried this place you must!  Everything is good, but I had the bacon wrapped dates which were amazing!  Happy hour at the bar is fun as they give you little appetizers.  Totally recommend it but it does get busy.
Eating at Firefly was one of the highlights of my Vegas trip! We went on a Wednesday night around 8pm without a reservation and were seated at the bar while we waited. In general I'm a huge fan of food that's easy to share, so I was predisposed to love the restaurant. Ambient lighting that wasn't so dim you couldn't see the other members of your party, and the noise level was decent.

My friend and I had:
- stuffed dates: as many have mentioned, these bacon-wrapped things are beyond delicious! I'm iffy on dates and love bacon, and found the dish to be just the right amount of sweet
- firefly fries: we were hungry and wanted something more filling. These fries seem like a much classier (and possibly marginally healthier) version of your standard cheese fries. They tasted great, but I might have ordered something different if I was less desperately hungry while ordering. 
- mushroom tart: pastry was fluffy and crisp, mushrooms and sauce were well-made. Felt more like a breakfast food than a dinner dish, but I didn't mind.
- chorizo clams: unexpected combination, but delicious! My friend's favorite dish of the night. I think it came with around a dozen clams and a heaping pile of sausage-y sauce.

I wish we had come with more people so we could have tried more dishes!
It has been quite awhile since I've been to Firefly.. Usually there is a long wait for dinner seating, especially on a weekend, but today I went with a girlfriend for lunch.  Ah, this is the way to do it! No wait, seated right away near the window.  Instead of getting tapas, today I finally tried the paella.  I'm really glad that I did!!! It was absolutely delicious- filled with all kinds of meats, saffron rice, and a huge (dinner sized) portion.  It was $20, which is a little high for lunch, but would have easily cost double that at a restaurant on the Strip.

I had a decent mango mojito (very heavy on the mint), and service was pleasant and brisk.

The AC seemed to be struggling a bit, especially with the bright sunlight streaming through the windows, but the staff lowered the blinds, which helped quite a bit.

I do prefer the W. Sahara location aesthetically, but the original Firefly still is a good choice!
You know I do love tapas. Ever since Cha Cha Cha in SF, I've been crazy for tapas. After the many good reviews from Firefly, I came here with two friends to try it out. We wanted to order everything but tried to limit it to what we could eat. So we ordered:

Lobster Escargot. A little on the mushy side. Portion is small. I'm warning you now so that you don't have a shock face like I did when I saw it. There's about five pieces. Good start to the food though.

Filet Mignon Sliders. This was good. The filet mignon was cooked perfectly. Slight pink on the inside and juicy. There was also crispy onions on the side and along with two sliders. The aioli in the slider was a definite ingredient that separated Firefly's sliders from other places. 

Stuffed Mushroom. Chicken was a bit dry but I like mushrooms so I'm getting it anyways. Came in four pieces.

Camarones Al Ajillo. About 6 medium sized shrimps and one hell of an amazing sauce. The shrimps were not mushy. The sauce went perfect with the bread given. Got to impress me with sauce when I go to tapas eateries.

Along with our $30 pitcher of watermelon mojito which had Bacardi rum in it yet did not taste as strong as I thought it would, My friends and I were still a bit hungry. So we went and order the Paella. Not the best I've had. The rice a bit overcooked but the ingredients in here is absolutely worth your money. The seafood were plentiful and more than the average selection at other restaurants. 

Our total bill was about $90. We were full after for our party of 3. The restaurant is not too big and it's off the strip of Las Vegas. However, very much worth coming. Service was attentive, had no problem with it. It's located in a plaza so there is also lots of parking.
Let me start off with MY only complaint: it was a little loud for my taste. My wife said its just cause I'm getting old as we were celebrating my 35th this past Friday in Vegas. But I'm a talker, and I like to talk and hear myself talk and the people I'm talking with talk, and the music playing made that a little difficult. With that being said, there is nothing else to complain about. So if you like a more quiet, intimate vibe, this isn't gonna be a spot you'll like.

So for those of you that don't know, tapas are small appetizer plates. In fact, most of the plates are no bigger than the size of the bowls most Mexican restaurants put salsa in. Don't expect big portions. These bite-sized Spanish appetizer plates are only a mere fraction of the size of a typical American app. Thus, if you are a big eater, you might want to order more than a couple. Or, go in decent group and share, as our party of 8 did.

When we arrived, the hostess told us it would be a 40-minute wait. We didn't complain because they had misters outside, which was very refreshing in the Las Vegas heat. We decided to go to the bar while we waited instead so that we could try the sangria everyone keeps talking about here on Yelp. Hands down, the best sangria I've had in a while. Better than the sangria they serve at Buca di Beppo, which was my favorite until I tasted the deliciousness of this red wine and fruity goodness! Twenty minutes into our wait, we were seated and expertly attended to. Service here is impeccable. We didn't have to ask for anything and they were quick with all our orders.

Moving on to our food, this is what we ordered and shared:

Stuffed dates- date wrapped in bacon, smoked almond, blue cheese and served in a red wine reduction. Winner all around. I'm not a big fan of blue cheese and I loved these! Portion size is about 4 or 5 dates. I'd highly recommend them.

Chorizo and chicken stuffed mushrooms- no explanation needed. Smokey chorizo flavor enhanced the earthiness of the mushroom and was nice on the chicken too.

Filet mignon sliders- moist, juicy, tender and if that flavor could be duplicated in a normal size burger, they'd run out of it everyday!

Lobster escargot- don't let the name fool you. No snails here. Just little balls of lobster tail meat in a garlic herb butter, and perfectly grilled.

Camarones a la diabla- just like the Mexican version, not as spicy. Very flavorful.

Baked filets of tilapia- herbs, lemon and garlic. Melt in your mouth white fish. 

Shrimp temura- beer battered, very crispy.

Tierra y Mar skewers- grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo and salsa Verde. All cooked to perfection, all compliment each other.

Ribeye steak entree- 14 oz. ribeye in a red wine sauce, topped with cabrales cheese. Outstanding steak on its own. Tender, tasty, no A-1 needed.

Overall, make room for eating here while in Vegas. Unanimously vote on as being g a place to come back to on our next trip.
Amazing food and Sangria. My favorites are the bacon wrapped dates, lamb chops, and the garlic shrimp. Make reservations if you want to get seated quickly.
I rate this place 4/5, but my husband gives it a 5/5. For starters, the complimentary bread is addictive! For the entrees, my husband ordered the stuffed dates and the filet mignon sliders and thought both were fabulous. The food was hot, tasteful, and the presentation was nice. I ordered the the only entree salad on the menu (with avocado), and loved it. It was heavily tossed in dressing, so request lightly tossed if you don't like your lettuce drenched. This place isn't known for its salad, so I won't complain. The energy level and ambiance are super nice, and the service was top notch. Full of locals - I think we were the only tourists, so that tells me they have a round of regulars. Good sign. Great place.
I loved this place!!!  My girls and I came here when we were in Vegas.  We had a group of 13 and they were sooooo accommodating.  We got our table on time, we got the food quickly, and we had a ton of fun!  The waiters were extremely friendly and interacted with us--which made dinner a lot more fun.  All of the tapas were flavorful, and my favorite part, it was not expensive at all!  I highly recommend.
We opted to get off the strip for our reception on Saturday.  My best friend, who just moved to North Las Vegas, suggested this place and I'm so glad she did.  We booked a private room and had the two hour open bar.  Everything was just amazing.  They brought out the white and red sangria (sadly I didn't get to try the white) as well as a couple of different mojitos.  The blood orange mojito was amazing.  And at the risk of sounding like a broken record, everything was amazing.  We opted for the bacon wrapped dates (of course), chicken and beef skewers (the beef were the better of the two...super tender), spicy potatoes (good but there was almost too many of them), the albondigas.  The chocolate tres leches cake at the end was the perfect cap.  They also brought the entire party of 16 shots of their infused vodka.  And the service all around was just amazing.  They kept asking us if there was anything we needed and they were not stingy with the drinks in the least, even bringing out extra glasses so people could start double fisting!  :)
I wish they would open up a spot in Denver or Colorado Springs...this place is amazing!
cant say enough LOVE this place a little packed on the weekends wish the would take reservations...but worth the wait from the food to the sangria NO complaints located near the strip
Everything we tried was deeeeeeelish ! And everything else on the menu sounded equally as yummy.

Service was friendly, although a tad unattentive. But they were so busy, it's understandable.

Definitely coming back next time we're in town! Totally worth going that mile off the strip. (;
It's a fun place to go. I love sharing my food family style so this place is great for me. The dishes we chose were hit and miss, though. An eggplant and goat cheese dish had the eggplant so thin, it was overwhelmed by the 90% cheese portion. An egg/potato/something else dish was very... potatoey, though what was I expecting from it huh? Filet mignon and Thai beef salad were delicious though. Glad I tried it, but probably wouldn't return.
Delicious food! Awesome service! Nice atmosphere!
Paella, pitcher of legit sangria, a few other small plates (all of which were good) and it was the best end to our Vegas vacay.
I am not going to BS with the review, if you are giving this place anything less than a 5 star you are hating.  Unless you can find me a place that provides the same quality food and cheaper or higher quality with the same price.  

This place deserve to be the only place I know with 1000+reviews with a solid 5 stars.  

Quick tip you can impress girls here, tell her you will take her off the strip and then take her back to your hotel....
Food was outstanding.

Wine glass was dirty, but service was superb. I will return ASAP
One of the best tapas restuarants I've been to.  My second favorite is the Firefly in Summerlin.

I like the overall ambience here.  Everyone mingling and everyone having a good time. This place can bring you at ease. You almost feel like you're in a club in this location.  

This location get's pretty busy compared to the Summerlin location. So, expect a lot of people, but don't expect to wait. I've never had to wait to be seated at this place. 

Whether you're visiting or local, you have to try Firefly at least once. This a great place to hang out with friends, take a date or significant other, mistress, and even some co-workers to relieve some work related stress.  But I wouldn't suggest this place if you're taking the family out or if you're by yourself.  I've been to this location about 4 times and the Summerlin location 2 times.  Almost everytime, there's a group or single person not handling their liquor well.  

My Suggestions:
Artichoke Toast
Mac N Cheese
The Skewers: Forgot the name but has shrimp, filet mignon, and some pork
Fried Calamari:  Not uncommon for us to order extra
Chicken Skewers
Petite Filet
Stuff Mushrooms

All the portions are small and very inexpensive.  You can come out of here spending very little.  The drinks will cost you more than the food. The experience...priceless.
cant wait to go again while in Vegas!!!!!!!! then we went to .Wait i cant tell you becasue what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!!1
Everything was so delicious, and my mouth waters as I think about the shrimp in garlic sauce! Everything sounded soo enticing on the menu, though I know from experience that I shouldn't order more than I know I could eat. In addition to the shrimp (I can't remember the name, sorry!), the tuna tartare was amazing! To accompany the tuna, were some taro chips which perfectly complimented the tuna and avocado. The only thing that I felt was a little "meh" was the filet mignon sliders. Don't get me wrong, it was really good. However, it was just ok compared to everything else that we ordered.
try the wrapped dates!! sooooooo good. a bit pricey, but worth it.
great food.  great service.

Red sangria pitcher and tuna skewers!
The best Tapas restaurant I have ever been to. I make it a point to come here every trip to Vegas. Oct 26th can't come soon enough!!
This was by far the worst dining experience I've ever had. The 45 minute wait to be seated to eat didnt bother me until I understood why. We (a group or five people-average) saw our waiter maybe two times while we were seated. The waiter was so unorganized he skipped taking my wife's order and she had to wait until the food that was previously ordered was all gone to place her order (with the missing waiter). After my wife received her order and she finished eating, we then had to wait well over 20 minutes for the check. We all walked out assuming the check was paid, but to my surprise it wasn't, they chased me down in the parking lot and the first thing that was said out of the servers mouth was, "I'm going to call the police if you dont give me your ID", what happened to "Sir, I'm sorry but the check was not paid". I spoke to the manager about the lack there of attention of his server, and his response was, "oh".
For a restaurant with so many positive reviews, I find it hard to believe that we were the lucky or unlucky people to enjoy the wonderful food and experience (based on other reviews on yelp) the Las Vegas Firefly.

As far as the food, I was sick shortly after leaving this location; but next time if I want to wait in line and be sick after eating I'll venture to the the Mc Donald's at the local Walmart for fried food.
One of the best Tapas restaurants I've ever been to. Was visiting and was recommended this place by multiple locals and am glad we took the trip off the Strip to come here.

Prices were great, especially when compared against any place on the Strip and the ambience was phenomenal, this would be a great place to bring a date. Food was outstanding as well I would highly recommend the bacon-wrapped dates (what they are known for) as well as the merguez, but honestly everything we tried was great.

Sangria (we had the red) was good, but not outstanding. Overall, I would highly recommend Firefly to anyone living or visiting Vegas.
Great off the strip tapas restaurant.  Waited over an hour on an early Saturday night but the food was worth it!  Everything we ordered was good (and we practically ordered everything on the menu for a group of 7). Note:  the portions are bigger than traditional tapas servings...we ordered 2 of everything all at once PLUS paella, and we had WAY WAY too much food.  I suggest you order a few at a time.  Unanimous group favorite was the Ahi Tuna Skewers. 

Ordered a pitcher of Blood Orange Mojito (meh) and a pitcher of Red Sangria (yum).  

This is a great place for a fun group outing (as long as you're willing to wait) but don't go here on a first date unless you want to shout at each other the whole night!

We'll be back for sure!!!
Firefly has some things that are really good and some things that are sub-par. I'll make it short and simple. Anything deep-fried, like the croquettes, is good. Bacon wrapped dates are definitely good. Stay away from seafood, even paella. All the seafood was overcooked. The beef sliders were also very overcooked. Tough meat. 

Overall, we liked this place for being more of a neighborhood place in Vegas, rather than a tourist trap. The sangria is good and this place seems like a great place to drink.
I am a huge fan of Firefly and have yet to have a bad experience. I tried the tomato bisque soup for the first time, and DAMN i have been missing out! It was delicious!! Bacon wrapped dates, ham and cheese croquetas are a must! All the sangrias are yummy too. The service is fast and attentive. Even when the restaurant is packed and there is a line out the door, the servers are attentive and don't rush you to eat and leave. Both locations are amazing!
So I was drunk when we were hear, and memory is an issue, but I really think I judged the food well :) haha!! I loved the bacon dates, the achovies on bread, the steak kabobs, the lamb kabobs, oh crap, I can't remember what else, but I liked everything (a lot), the only thing I didn't love was the apple salad.. it was ok... coulda used a little dressing or honey... 

The atmosphere was nice, the waiter was very cool, the food came fast... GREAT price for such good food, I will be back for sure!!
Yum!  kinda divey but the food was excellent.  I was in town for a conference and I met up with a friend whom I haven't seen in almost 8 years.  So it was cool to catch up and after spending some time at Red Rock Canyon, we decided to grub it up here.
It's a tapas place, and damn I love tapas.  I am all about variety.  Variety is the spice of life as I'm sure you've heard.  I like tapas and small plates in general because you get to try a little bit of everything.  If you really like something, then order more!
Better than buffets, generally, since  the food is made to order.
I specifically remember the ahi tuna dish.  The anchovy bread was also tasty.  Honestly I don't remember everything cause I tend to just order like I'm shooting flies in a barrel.  Is that the correct reference?  I don't remember.

Anyway, if I go back to LV, I'll go back here.  For sure.
This was probably the best food I had over my 4 day stay in Vegas. We eat on the strip and off. 

We ordered 6 different dishes and only one did not impress us. That was the Papatas Bravas (roasted potatoes). They were bland and needed some kind of sauce. 

As a vegetarian my favorite dish was the Veggies and Lentils while my boy's favorite dish was a tie between the ribs and the bacon wrapped dates. We will definitely be back to explore more of the menu! 

Ps... sit on the patio!
I have had tapas only twice in my life, and both of those times have been in this restaurant. It's SO GOOD! Come in with a group and order lots of little plates to share, along with a pitcher of sangria or two :) I don't remember all the dishes I've had here, but I would recommend ANYTHING on their menu. I seriously think the second time I went here, I just randomly pointed at things on the menu that sounded good, and they all exceeded my high expectations (from the first visit). So yeah, I can't recommend specific dishes because I like them ALL.
I love this place! This is the thrid time I have been to this location and it has yet to disappoint me. The one in summerlin just doesn't compare to this one, but I never get anything here that I don't like. Love the bacon wrapped dates and the mac and cheese really surprised me too. Can't ever go wrong with the red wine sangria either. Great atmosphere, good service, will continue to keep this as a top fIve on my list.
first tappas bar experience but Ive known about them for a while and had high expectations for this place after seeing the reviews.  However of our 4 different dishes, none impressed :(
Lobster bites was good (how can you mess up lobster lol) but nothing spectacular and not worth the price in our opinion)
exact same feelings for the Shrimp tempura, which was more crispy strings than shrimp.
Chicken chorizo was a disappointment, we made bootleg stuffed mushrooms mixing in whatever we had in the fridge that came out better than these.
I couldnt really eat the slidders since they had a sauce on it that Im picky about but wife said they were good, not special.
Off the strip and to my recollection, the first time I've eaten at a LV restaurant with a very diverse crowd ( ie Gay, Straight). The atmosphere is drak, colorful, salsa music playing loudly- its a great place. The food makes it really cool. Bacon wrapped dates, savory chicken skewers and a delicious even cooked calamari. Fries were spot on, the sangria was good. Good place
This place is always packed for good reason!  The plates might be small, but the flavors are gargantuan.  Their best selling dish is the stuffed dates (bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese), in fact they're so popular the kitchen never stops preparing them during operating hours.  They practically arrive before you can finish saying the word dates.  I wouldn't be surprised at all if there is some unique baseball-esque eye/hand signal that the servers flash the kitchen to notify another order of dates has been placed.

One of my other staples is the granny smith apple & manchego salad (green apples, manchego cheese, smoked almonds, lightly dressed).  We tried the roasted eggplant cannelloni for the first time and oh my, this is an instant favorite; it's thin slices of eggplant stuffed with generous amounts of goat cheese in a light tomato sauce.  The best values are: 
1) the large portion of Firefly fries for $6, which come generously spiced with parmesan and herbs & a delectable aioli dipping sauce and 
2) the steamed mussels @ $8 are swimming in a giant bowl of red curry, white wine, coconut cream broth 

Their drinks are bangin!!  I love the house-infused vodka (with berries and lychee), which makes for an absolutely amazing martini, but watch out because it packs a strong punch despite the deceptively delicious flavor.  The pear-ginger martini is another winner, as well as the sangria pitchers with fresh fruit afloat.  

The don't accept reservations during high traffic times.  Even when they tell you that there is a wait, it is never long.  

This is one hot spot that you can believe ALL of the hype.  It's all that and then some.  The only word of caution is that it is easy to get carried away with ordering and tasting, and before you know it you can accrue a thriving tab!
I give it 3.5 stars only because I have been to lots of tapas places and have had better food.

Maybe in Vegas this is the best place for Tapas?

It was ok. Good food. Nothing great. If I lived here would probably not come back.
Firefly is a tapas restaurant; I had no idea what that meant the first time I was there.  Upon arrival I realized it was just a punch of small dishes you could order in order to make your perfect meal; Wikipedia has it described as "are a wide variety of appetizers, or snacks, in Spanish cuisine"  to make it even more simple let me describe it as delicious! 

Ok so the restaurant itself is a very popular hot spot and parking is tight in their lot. Cross your fingers you get a sport there as you may be in for a walk; inside is just as crowded with the wait staff having to fight through the standing room only bar to bring your food out (bad design in my opinion but allows you to see the delicious food before you order); my 2nd time there the bar was less crowded but was still packed.  The staff is very knowledgeable about their dishes and drinks and were helpful in making suggestions to compliment everything I ordered (I asked them to do this they weren't pushing specials) 

The food was top notch; even though they are small dishes they still have enough to share between two people.  My first trip had a party of 15 people and our total bill was around $170 (minus drinks) so everything is reasonably priced. 
On my 2nd trip my GF and I discovered they have a 2nd dining area in an adjacent store; not sure if that is why the bar wasn't crowded or if we just happened to miss a happy hour but there was virtually no difference between the two buildings and don't think you are being downgraded by being asked to walk next door to sit down;
I've been here several times and it's a great place with a large group. It's a tapas restaurant so order a variety from the menu and share. I haven't been here with a small group but assuming there's still a bit of a wait since the place is always packed. The times I've been here was with a group of 17-23 girls and both times our group was split up to 2-3  different tables so just expect that...which is fine if that means it'll be a shorter wait, about an hour w/out reservations. Make reservations!!

Favorites: CEVICHE OF SHRIMP, TUNA TARTARE, FIREFLY FRIES, MUSHROOM TART, MANCHAEGO MAC 'N' CHEESE, FIRED CALAMARI, STEAMED CREAMY SAUCE MUSSELS, EMPANADA. 

I heard the FILET MIGNON SLIDERS and BABYBACK RIBS are good...trying that next time! 

It's a reasonable price here so worth the wait. While you're waiting for the food to come out...try their Sangria too!
Oh my god! If you like Spanish/Mexican than this is the place for you! Sangria, Tapas, Paella!
My parents and I dined at Firefly over labor day weekend. We called to make a reservation, but learned they do not take reservations on weekends. We decided we better arrive early so we wouldn't have to wait. We showed up right at 5 and were seated immediately, but by 6 the restaurant was full! 
The three of us split the following menu items: Artichoke Toasts, Stuffed Dates, Roasted Eggplant Cannoli, Pork Empanadas, Shrimp Tempura, Filet Mignon Sliders, Passion Fruit Cheesecake, Gelato, and Caramel Flan. 
We loved everything! Our favorite item was the Stuffed Dates, definitely give those a try! My parents enjoyed the Sangria and I had a delicious cappuccino (it's ok if it's after 10am in the states, right?). The service was wonderful and fast, and our waiter was very informative. The prices are very reasonable. I would return to this restaurant.
We were 50/50 with drinks and food. Some of them were done so poorly they went right back to the kitchen. Others were outstanding.

A little quality control is in order here. Get to work Dave!

PS Not at ALL the same vibe as on the strip. This was Chevy's Fresh Mex-ish and suitable for Hank to sit on the table.
On one of our many trips to Vegas, Minh and I met up with our friends Ashley and her fianc Taj for a late night dinner. This place came highly recommended by Kent D. Seeing the amazing reviews and all the yummi photos and not to mention they have Sangria, I was in! 

When I told Ashley where we were going she was overly excited, come to find out this is one of her favorite places to eat at. 

Now, parking here is hard, you will be making circles in the parking lot trying to stalk people coming out of the restaurant. Give yourself more than enough time is all I can suggest. A lot of their clientele are people pre-gaming before a night of drinking and dancing so it will be busy until about 11:00pm. They do not take reservation on Friday and Saturday nights either. 

Minh and I were the first to arrive; we put our name in and had a seat outside. We were told it would be no more than a 20-30 minute wait for a party of four.
Our friends arrived just in time as our name was called about 10mins later. I think we only waited a total of 15mins or so which is awesome considering the place was packed when we arrived.

Most of the staff was nice; we were lead to the back of the restaurant, which was fine for us. The place is loud and it can be hard to hear each other, so do not be surprised if people look at you if you are talking loudly so someone at your table so that they can hear you! 

Our server came by and took our drink order I had a White Sangria, while Ashley had a Mojito (which btw is super strong).

The menu is impressive with what they have, wanted to order one of everything just to try it! Ashley made suggestions on what was the BEST; all her suggestions were true to her word too!

I started out with trying (and ooo btw the White Sangria was prefect, strong and tasty... can I get a pitcher?!) 

-Ceviche of Shrimp-tiger shrimp, avocado, crispy corn tortilla 
-Steak and Mushroom Skewers- grilled filet, roast garlic cream, red wine reduction
-Ahi Tuna Skewer-mango, basil, mustard-ginger glaze

I was going to rate this with a perfect five but towards the end our server got sloppy and started forgetting orders. I ordered Empanada's and as the rest of my friends and boyfriend received their food; I was left sipping on my sangria wondering where my darn empanadas were. Well maybe they take some time to make I thought. Therefore, I let it go not thinking much until Minh realized that I still did not get my order. 
We tried to get our server attention, which took some flagging down. She finally came over and we asked her about my order. She stared at us blankly and said, "Did you order Empanada's?" I said yes I did. "oh, I didn't put your order in" When she walked back to the kitchen, I guess they were sitting there for awhile she came back and said that someone must have put the order in because they were sitting in the pickup line. Knowing that they were sitting for a while, I did not have a good feeling to eat them, so I told her never mind. She made kind of a stink about it so instead we asked for a box to take it with us.

Would I come back again, yes! It's rare for me to say that if I had semi crappy service, but the food and sangria is just damn good!
This place is fantastic. I've been there at least a dozen times and have never had a bad thing to say.

The food is delicious, the service is great, the atmosphere is fun and relaxed, and the kitchen is fast. What more could you want?

You can go in and order basically anything on the menu at random and it will all be good. Everything is fresh and well-seasoned and the food combinations are clever. Stuffed dates with bacon? Brilliant!

The servers are attentive, they get your order right, and they seem to always be there when you need them. As an added bonus, they are cheerful and pleasant and make you feel welcome.

The kitchen is also fast. Your food will start coming out soon after you order, so you are not sitting, miserably, waiting for food to come. 

The wait to be seated can get long on Friday and Saturday nights, but they are efficient and pretty good about getting you a seat as soon as they can.
One of my favorite spots in Vegas.  Whenever someone comes into town this is the first place I take them to eat! Try the steak and mushroom skewers, AMAZING!
Love the new location, great customer service. TAPAS!
Best food ever...Best staff, Best Atmosphere...Great if you are alone Great for a date....:))) Try anything you will not be disappointed!
We stopped at Firefly on our way out of town.  We always recommend getting off the strip and this is definitely a place to do it!  They must be doing something right b/c the place was packed by the time we left, and on a Tues afternoon, too.  

It has a very charming decor.  It's very welcoming as soon as you walk in.  

The dishes we had were the bacon wrapped dates (of course), shrimp ceviche, tuna tartare and the lamp chops.  Everything was very good but the lamb chops probably beat everything else out (followed by the dates).  My wife had a sangria she enjoyed.

Service was attentive and helpful.  I thought the prices were very reasonable!

Just a really nice special place if you want to get off the strip!
I honestly thought I had done a review for Firefly, but I guess I hadn't, so here goes.

The food is very good, I can not think of a bad dish, we have our staples, the dates, the fries and then pretty much just shotgun the menu, order 4-5 other dishes depending on what our mood is.

If there could be one complaint, for some reason they seem to like the lighting set low and the music high...Ok combination for a club, not so good when you are trying to do something silly like, oh read a menu and tell the wait staff what you would like....
I've had this restaurant on my Vegas Places to Eat List for a very long time! We're so happy to finally make it out on our last trip last month.

It's dark, loud, intimately-cozy, lots of great food to share with our friends. Everything from the pitcher of the yummy white sangria to the bacon wrapped stuffed dates and lobster escargots were awesome!  It was a fun tapas style dinner before a long night ahead. Our waiter was spot on and terrific. 

We'll be back again.....Thank you! Cheers!

TIP: Make a reservation! It gets packed for dinner. We used the Yelp Open Table link and got right in.
Excellent food for an excellent price. First trip and first Yelp, but highly impressed. Drinks are priced to recupe for the food, but definitely give it a shot.  If you see an open seat, you're lucky - take it. Four stars for great food but slightly overpriced drinks off of the strip.
This place was so much fun and the food was delicious...the restaurant was included in a bachelorette package I booked that included 2 hours of unlimited food and drinks. Great deal for 6 of us. Service was good too, the gentleman was actually from Spain. Started with pitchers of sangrias, mojitos, and margaritas. The sangria was the best and later we tried all the different flavors they offered, all were amazing. Our server sent out the house favorites, we ate so much I honestly couldnt tell you what we had but I know we loved 95% of it.  Always recommend to any guest staying Vegas.
Awesome! Be sure to go with a group so more plate can be ordered & tried. My group thoroughly enjoyed all our dishes, especially the bacon wrapped dates!
Great date place, great place to hang with friends.  A good chance to experience a variety of flavors without stuffing yourself silly.

The food was excellent, across the board.  Good beer selection, but the wine selection was a bit limited, at least by the glass.

We called for a reservation and they said they were booked solid, but if we came over, we could walk in and they would take us.  We arrived to find about 6-8 open tables, and were seated immediately.  Weird.

Firefly is among the better, reasonably priced places I've tried in Vegas.
Firefly is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas and I love their food and sangria SOO MUCH. I haven't really tried anything from their menu that I dislike and I love it! Favorite dishes: stuffed dates, tuna tartare, baked tetilla, manchego mac 'n' cheese, lobster escargot, camerones a la diabla, croquetas, the filet sliders... basically everything.  But I have to give this location one star off because it's near the strip so it's SUPER CROWDED and as a result the service can be a little slow. Also there are a number of sketchy characters in the parking lot (one guy came up to my car to ask me for money, another one yelled at my husband and called him a heathen??!).

BUT they are open later than the other locations which is good for me and my late night tendencies! And it's Firefly so still super yummy.
This was my second time there.  It was pretty good.  I went with a big group of people.  It was pretty busy, so they escorted us to their other lounge location.  Most of the party ordered tapas.  Their fries and stuffed jalepenos were pretty good.  My friend got a pitcher of White Sangria which was really good.  I liked it a lot better than the one from Marbellas.  The White Sangria has pears, wine and brandy.  They marinate the sangria for a minimum of 3 days.  I'm not a fan of alcohol, but this one tasted pretty good.  It was a little bit bitter from the alcohol.  I'm still fairly new to drinking, so I can taste alcohol really easily.  My other friends said it was good. I tried sips of the paradise mojito and the blood orange mojito.  The paradise one was really really good.  I could taste coconut in it while the blood orange was tartier and too strong for my taste.  

I want to go again and try more appetizers and different drinks.  :D
This is the second time I've been here while visiting Vegas and I would come back hands down.

The food is amazing and unlike the rest of Vegas, NOT over priced. We had our fill of dinner and cocktails for less than $50 TIP INCLUDED! My wife (who can be very critical of dining experiences) loved it and wanted to come back the next night.
Funny to see the last person who reviewed Firefly is my brother! Hahaha. My hubby and I went to Firefly two nights in a row. It's a less than $10 cab ride from Renaissance Hotel on this last vacay in Vegas. We discovered Firefly back in 2005. ALWAYS enjoy their tapas, love the stuffed dates and red sangria!!! Been telling friends & family for years about this fun place! They now have misters to keep you cool on the outside patio & have opened up next door to accomadate more patrons. Incidentally, the previous review was made the weekend before we came for Mr Olympia. We both live in California.
As a local, this was one of my favorite places to go with friends or to take visitors. 

There is something for everyone on the menu. Everything from fries to bacon wrapped dates to skewers to empanadas to escargot. The cocktails are refreshing - a variety of different types of sangria and mojitos and so on. And the atmosphere is great. Fun place to go on a hot Vegas night. Makes me miss living there just thinking about it.
What a great little restaurant.  It was so worth going off strip to eat here.  Our group of 8 visited last Saturday night and the wait was only about 25 minutes at 9 at night.  The menu is pretty extensive and the drinks did not disappoint.  The favorite drinks at the table were the infused vodka, which hubby enjoyed 3 of, raspberry mojito, which I thoroughly enjoyed, and the sangria, which was a crowd pleaser.

Highlights: bacon wrapped dates, tuna tartare, petite filet, empanada, ceviche, spicy shrimp, lemon tarts and chocolate tres leches cake

Lowlights: lobster escargot (too mushy), sorbet (flavors were not very good)

We also tried the chorizo stuffed clams, ribs, potatoes, tilapia filets and a few other things that I can't remember.  These were just OK and not that memorable.

Service wasn't very attentive ... it took longer than it should have to clear plates and bring drinks, but that was pretty minor compared to the food.

This place is great for groups and the prices are amazing compared to the other places we ate in Vegas.  Total bill was approximately $300, which is pretty damn good.  Definitely a must try place if you want to get off the Strip.
Nicely nestled in a small plaza off the Vegas strip is a place that, if not for sites like Yelp, might be regretfully overlooked by Las Vegas visitors. However, it is no secret to residents like me!

Although you will find this gem tightly packed even on any given weekday, it is more than worth it to squeeze your way in to the warmly decorated ambiance that is this little Vegas treasure. Try to get there with time to spare so you can sit outside and admire the lights and energy that make this city great. Not only are you welcomed immediately by the intoxicating smells of the kitchen, but as soon as you get the menu you are reassured that you have come to the right place! Extensive options include the must-try-at-least-once or twice the bacon-wrapped dates, the avocado gazpacho, roasted beet salad w/sherry vinaigrette, mushroom tart (gotta love mushies for this one), and last but not least, the veggie empanada! Do not leave this place without trying the empanada, meat or veggie, either will delight your taste-buds. 

Fast service, pleasant smiles on the servers faces even with a full house of hungry patrons, delicious veggie, meat and seafood options, and an affordable staple (at around $4-$9 a dish) to put on your list for any day of the week. There is no doubt that this is the place to take friends when they come and visit! Enjoy!
This place is always our first stop whenever we fly into Sin City. The menu is extensive. The servers are on the ball. You can't go wrong ordering the sangria, bacon wrapped stuffed dates, the mushroom tart and the Firefries!
One of those spots that have been there forever and you still don't get tired of it. Pretty much having the same same menu for years but that's what makes it awesome. Why fix what is not broken right? that principle works like a charm with this fellas

Most plates are tapas style which means they are small, however its a good thing that they are because you can start exploring the menu. The paella however, is big enough to share.

Try the pulpo asado if you feel a little risky and willing to experience its amazing flavor. Tetilla cheese for the cheese lovers or camaron a la diabla for those who like  it hot.A must try is their filet Mignon sliders with cheese and the garlic fries Don't kiss a vampire after them fries though. Actually don't kiss anything .and not because your newly uber stinky breath ..but because you don't want to share all that awesome garlic flavor left inside your mouth

Waiting time can get crazy. specially on the weekends this place tends to get packed and loud..not because of the music but the people around you. The decor is great and the music is very good and goes perfect with the ambiance. Red is a predominant color so if you are a bull please dont be hitting the walls.

Before leaving try their well known signature drinks. Their mojitos are delicious!! And the sangria is refreshing and super tasty. A whole pitcher of the sangria and 3 mojitos might make you stand up on a table..get a red napkin and cry to the Madrid and Barcelona gods as loud as you can : "OLE OLE!!!..Yes it was fun..dont judge me..well at least until security came in...Viva espana y hasta manana!!
amazing food,  this location it is always pretty packed so plan accordingly. Great atmosphere, the food is extra tasty, service sometimes can get slow but that it.  Great music, they restaurant is dimly lit so it great for both date nights and social gathering.

i would recommend................

the empanadas
the pulpo asado
the bacon wrapped dates
and buy a pitcher of sangria its so worth
Thank you fellow Yelpers, you did good!

Loved everything about this place. Great food, excellent prices and a happening ambiance. Five of us ate so many tapas, some favorites were the Mac n Cheese (2 orders) Filet, Mushroom Tart, Tuna Tartar, Sausages, Tortilla (egg, potato, onion) 5 different desserts and drinks for a really great price. 

SHOCKING, especially since my husband kept trying to talk me into another high end tapas restaurant. I will definitely be back. 

I recommended this place to a friend the next night (both of us were in town for a trade show) and he loved it as well.
I'm so glad we got off of the strip for dinner! Though I saw all the stellar reviews by those I know and trust, I was still a little skeptical (or perhaps it was residual grumpiness from not being able to get a table at Mesa Grill..).

Our party of 5 snagged a table easily at about 7:30 on a Saturday night. I think it was sheer luck and great timing because thereafter I could see groups waiting outside and as we were leaving lines of people (lots of feathers, wigs, bunny ears, sequins - you name it! Vegas is so crazy) 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/firefly-las-vegas-3#pcF2Ql6hcUzQ3Oey_mX-zA

I love LOVE LOVE LOVE tapas bars!  Firefly truly embodied the style I became accustomed to in other major cities, extensive menu, contemporary twist on latin-inspired cuisine, priced to order multiple and share and tasty cocktails. 

The ambiance was cozy, loud and exciting - the smells of delicious food, glasses and plates clinking and excited chatter was a nice background to the awesome dinner we enjoyed.  

Remembering our dinner almost a month ago, I've got to echo the hundreds of other reviewers in saying GET THE BACON-WRAPPED DATES!!!!  We did and loved them so much we ordered them twice!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/firefly-las-vegas-3#iv_9yqEHI5K5FFmBR2FYZA

I'd also highly recommend you save a tiny bit of room in your tummy for the dessert platter!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/firefly-las-vegas-3#AatAVzAxwN6YmxCozEAMcQ

The house-made infused vodka drink was also really good, It could have been a tad stronger so I recommend ordering a extra shot of vodka on the side to amp it up :)
Cool, hip place off the strip. Read all the great yelp reviews and decided to give it a shot while visiting my parents. They are pretty straightforward eaters so they were pretty critical. I thought some of the dishes were very good and some were not executed too well. The best was the tuna tartare and the signature dates wrapped in bacon.
The beet salad hardly had any beets. Mainly lettuce. The empanadas were mostly pastry, and the fillings (had a vegetable and meat) needed more seasoning.  The filet sliders could have better better if the steak was not cooked wekk done. Meat was tender, just way overcooked.
We had 4-5 other plates. Just nothing to make to come back when I am in town with all the other great dining choices.
On a plus note, prices were very reasonable and service was quick and friendly. Just don't get all the raves about the food.
With over a thousand reviews and a 4.5 rating, Firefly was on my list of places to try in Vegas! 

We had a party of five and we were pretty hungry! I love tapas because it gives us the opportunity to try multiple dishes and share rather than chowing down one large plate of burger and fries. I love trying different dishes!

The dishes we had were good. Some dishes were better than others. Here's what we ordered (between $4-$9 a plate):

- Apple and manchego salad. So fresh and so good! This plate was rather larger than the others. The apples were super crunchy and sweet!
- Roasted baby beet salad. YUM!
- Stuffed dates. Super yummy! Love the crumbled blue cheese.
- Veggie empanada. This was just ok. Too doughy for me and not enough veggies and cheese!
- Firefly fries. It was good but I thought it could use more herbs and aioli.
- Manchego mac and cheese. Yum! Thank goodness we shared otherwise I would have felt super guilty eating the whole plate!
- Baked tilapia. Thumbs up!
- Ahi tuna skewer. Super fresh and flavorful.
- Ham and cheese croquets. Super good! 
- Camarones a la diabla. The BEST! The diabla sauce was well made. I used my break and fries to soak up the sauce. It was THAT good!

Let's not forget the bread, olives and butter they bring out to you when you are seated. So good! The butter is some herb/spicy butter. I've never loved butter before until now, lol.

Everyone raved about the Sangria. It was nothing special to be honest. I've had better sangria elsewhere but I'm glad we tried it.

The restaurant is super close to Harrahs. We could have walked here but it was raining and way dark out since we came late. It's really dark inside but most tapas are. We didn't even have to wait, walked in and they immediately sat us. The staff were all super friendly and nice. Service was quick, thank goodness since I was starving!

I will definitely come back to Firefly and try the other items. I won't be ordering the sangria though!
Such a gem off the strip; this place is awesome! 

We started off with some ceviche and then we each ordered the lobster escargots which was the best part of the meal! The mussels in coconut sauce was a pleasant surprise. We also shared the huge serving of paella. Although I've definitely had better, it was great for the price. 

Overall great experience-- we will definitely be back!
WooHoo! This place is a must when in LV!!  Food is awesome and affordable for LV. Great place to have a few drinks and enjoy some Great food with friends, Everytime we've gone to Vegas.... Firefly is definitely on the list of places to go. 

Love this place
Amazing!!!!  Artichoke toasts are one of my favorites..stuffed dates,mushroom tarte..so good!!  We were so stuffed but had too get the nutella and banana dessert..it was great!!  I was so shocked it was so cheap..everything was about  $35 for two of us!

It is loud but I don't mind it and there is usually a wait but you can make reservations. A great place!!!
Great place to have a good small portioned meal with a Lady.   Its fancy but casual.  Very inviting.  :)
I came here wanting to try a really good tapas restaurant and ever since , trying to find one to compare has been difficult back home. Their Manchego Mac n' Cheese is a must because something about that cheese gives it that extra "mmph" in your mouth. You should definitely try their patatas bravas as well, they are different from your regular french fries because they are cut into cubes or thicker pieces and then cooked until the potatoes are crispy on the edges and soft on the insides, spiced with good seasoning and drizzled in creamy aioli. Service was great as well. I'm just hoping my visit to Vegas will be very soon so that I could update my review for this place.
This place opened about 6 months ago and it was WONDERFUL.....it went down hill soooo fast....it is BAD.  Even the recipes have changed...portions smaller too...the place is DIRTY and smells bad.  Our wait staff has always been nice except the bartender who is non describably un bartender-ish and makes us feel that we are unwelcome.  They have 3 locations...this one is on Eastern Ave.
I went to a tapas place once before but nothing can compare to the Firefly restaurant. Some friends brought us here because they've been going to this place literally forever. I can see why they love this place so much. 

We went Friday night and it was really busy. Even with reservations we had to wait a good half hour to forty minutes. But the wait was completely worth it once they serve you the food. 

We ordered Bacon-wrapped dates (delish), lobster escargot (OMG), Macaroni and Cheese (better than what mom can make), and sooooo much more. The food was unbelievable and so good. Some friends had sangrias and we all had a really good time.

Service was fantastic as well, as our waiter kept check up on us and offering refills on my soda.
 
The only (and I mean only) disadvantage with this place is if you come by taxi in a large group. It's easy to get there but it is much more difficult with 5 or more people trying to get back by taxi. My friends and I spent a half hour afterwards trying to hail taxis of Paradise Boulevard to no avail. Eventually, a private driver picked us up for double the price because we had no other options.

But if that's not a big deal, then definitely this place is soooo much better than anything you can find on the strip.
Skyler the bartender was outstanding. Should be nominated bartender of the year!!!! Great drinks and service.
I've come here a few times, and each time, the service is great.  Presuming you have done tapas before, you order a small amount, and you continue ordering small amounts until everyone is tapped...so the wait staff is usually hovering around, checking on you and asking if you want/need anything.

Atmosphere is cool...very trendy/date night appropriate, but still very casual.

On to the food...

I have tried a little bit of everything here.  Dishes go from relatively inexpensive to about $10...but a lot of the good ones are $10 and you will have to order a few, so it does add up fast.

Can't go wrong with the fries...large basket, big enough to share and sit on the table to snack on between plates.  We also like the chorizo clams and lobster here....lots of flavor.  The ceviche is also top notch, one of the best I have had, and the tuna tartare is very good.

I really like the stuffed dates...these are an interesting taste, so you might not, but I would still recommend trying them.  Mac and cheese is also very good, as is the fish and chips, calamari and crab corn dogs.  We also like the sliders and skewers.

Best part about the experience, is trying a bunch of everything.  If you come here expecting to get full off 2-3 dishes, it is not going to happen.  You will have to try a bunch of little things, but it is almost like a small tasting menu, that you get control!

Have fun
food is 3.5 stars. special drinks are so-so,,, not so special. however the price is very reasonable - so, i give 4 stars. 

atmosphere,,, really loud - music and these people talking too loud. 

what is the matter with these restaurants with dim lighting??? do they think it is sexy or something? wrong! 

for these reasons, i like to visit here for lunch when it is not too loud, not too dark,,, having lunch with wine at the patio right now (October) is just perfect!
Sitting in a fairly unassuming and cookie-cutter shopping center east of the Strip is this gem of a tapas restaurant. I hate the fact that every place uses the term "tapas" to mean small dishes when they aren't serving spanish food. Okay, so I'm being somewhat picky about the terminology, but it bugs me when I see a japanese izakaya that advertises itself as japanese tapas; an izakaya implies small dishes and pub food! Will dimsum be thrown to the curb to ape a more trendy term as well?! 

Okay, okay, that was probably out of line. Let's move on, shall we?

Showed up with a group of six for a late sunday night dinner. No problem, we get seated right away a few feet from romancing couples and a table of near naked people celebrating halloween.  Off to a good start as far as I'm concerned.

Here's the low down on what we got:

Ceviche - tasty, there were larger and smaller pieces of shrimp and the bright citrus flavor was better than the salty watered down salsa versions I've had elsewhere.

Stuffed Dates - wow, so good. The dates aren't that sweet and you mostly get the smokey bacon flavor with a hint of sweetness and a crunch almond surprise on the inside. The blue cheese goes really nice with it.

Patatas Bravas - probably my least favorite out of everything we got that night. Tastes like big chunks of red potato. Meh.

Thai Beef Salad - I'm not really sure what that thai beef was, but it seemed like a pancake made of protein with things mixed in. Tasted okay, but I wasn't in a salad mood which might explain why I didn't love this one either.

Fried Calamari - Pretty straight up dish with nothing either outstanding about it nor bad. If you like fried calamari elsewhere, you'll probably like it here.  I'd probably save my stomach for something you can't find at every Italian restaurant on earth.

Beef Empanada - These were really good if you like a flaky pastry with meat filling. The only bad thing was that there's two pieces to an order.

Paella - Wow, by far my favorite! Order 2 per person so you'll never have to share. The chorizo was really good and I kept ignoring the seafood to snag some. I want a plate of this in front of me right now and I wouldn't hesitate to shoot a deer in the face to have it.

What I'd want to try next time:
Chicken and Chorizo Stuff Mushrooms
Crabclaw Corn Dogs
Tuna Tartare
Sausage Plate

Great place. Really dark inside (a table near us used their phones to read the menu) with an overabundance of those crappy paintings of spanish dancers shown from behind wearing a red dress that you see being sold on every cruise art auction.  Stop buying those paintings, people! They're pumped out of a kinko's printer in Cincinnati onto canvas!

TL;DR: Don't buy crappy art; eat at Firefly now.
This is another staple spot for me in Las Vegas. As I am usually here on business, my company has me stay close to the convention center. Not that I wouldn't make the journey across town to Firefly in any other case, but it is convenient that it is right down Paradise. Here's what's up:

Food: This is a tapas bar. We usually just order like crazy and sample sample sample everything that ends up on the table. Here's the thing: you could throw 10 darts at the menu, order whatever you hit, and you'll be happy. Don't get me wrong there are some things that are better than others but seriously everything is legit. My biggest suggestion are the sliders. 

Beverages: Like most places in Vegas, there's no good beer. It's a harsh reality that I have come to except. They have some in between beers and a few good cocktails, but certainly do not come here for the flow of quality liquid.

Environment: It makes sense that Firefly has a very Spanish feel to it. It's a tapas bar after all. I'm a fan of how communal the layout is. In the tradition of everyone sharing food, Firefly has a very intimate feel where you are not necessarily 'packed in', but the feeling of being close to everyone promotes the idea of being 'one' and encouraging the idea of sharing. Sort of like most Ethiopian restaurants- where you're all eating from the same plate and the conversations occur in a very raw, intimate setting.

Certainly an 'off strip' gem that is worth checking out. Be prepared to eat lots!

Salud!
We came here for hubby's Las Vegas birthday bash.  We'd been wanting to come here for a few years now but just never made it.  Boy, we were glad we came!!

This place was bumpin'....we showed up and the restaurant was already full.  We were promptly seated and quickly served. 

We were a big party so we all ordered what we wanted which meant a lot of food on the table.  At first, they were slow in clearing the plates but eventually this little lady came by and basically patrolled our table, picking up empty plates as soon as the last bite came off of it.  That lady was on top of it, filling waters, clearing plates, getting everything we wanted.  At one point, we saw someone from a departing party hand her a tip on their way out.  Doesn't surprise me!  She was awesome! (We tipped her separately too)

Food time!!

I have to admit, there were some hits and some misses.  But the hits very much out shadowed the misses.  
Misses: 
Tomato Bread - I was hoping for the simple version we had all over Barcelona but it turned out to be over-vinegary and the bread wasn't nearly substantial enough to sustain the topping so it became soggy very fast.
Lobster Escargot - This dish was overcooked so that the lobster was mushy and not fresh tasting at all.  The seasoning was not enough to make the sauce bread-dipping worthy

HIts:
Pulpo Asado - Roasted octopus...nice portion and the octopus was perfectly cooked and tender to the bite
Paella - I haven't had a good history with paella but I daresay this was my favorite version so far.  The rice was well cooked and the ingredients were perfectly balanced with each other.
Ribeye - This was topped with a blue cheese butter, one of my favorite treatments of steak.  I asked for it medium rare and it was served to me that way, perfect!!
Mushroom Tart - Mushroom gravy-ish thing topping a square of puff pastry. Not exactly a "tart" but delicious nonetheless.

All in all, it was a great time.  We had the sparkling sangria to drink.  Don't expect high octane stuff but it was a great palate refresher.
A very good low key Tapas place in Vegas. The good thing is that its not on the strip, which makes parking easy and its not that crowded if you go early. 

They have a very good variety of tapas. We had the ceviche - which was almost perfect, the only complaint was it was an only shrimp ceviche. I usually prefer the whole sea in the ceviche!! The Gazpacho was average. The octopus was very well done, but the star of the meal were the different skewers we ordered. The surf and turn one - with filet, shrimp and chorizo which was excellent. and the Ahi tuna one was even better. The tuna was perfectly grilled and the mix of mango and pineapple with it just hit the spot. 

There are two seating areas and there is also some seating outside which was full. The main area was a little loud especially because of the loud music playing inside. The side section which had the bar was quieter, we just sat at the bar which was probably the ideal thing to do.

Oh almost forgot to mention the Sangria's, we tried the red and sparkling and both were well made. Maybe a little on the fruity side which is why we balanced it with some Vodka shots :)
Love it! Come every time I'm in Vegas!
Great fun, & great food. Usually crowded so get there early. Our group tried 4 different entries, and they were all good.
Wow.  Blown away.  After spending $150-$200 for dinner for two on the strip we went to this place.  On a Monday night, it was quite crowded.  My wife and I each had 3 plates, she had a high end martini, me a Pyrat rum drink and a Grand Marnier for dessert... and the bill was $74!!  AMAZING food, the Tuna Tartar and stuffed mushrooms in particular.  Only 2 blocks off the strip, this place is a GEM.  I am not easily impressed and dine out a LOT, but this place blew me away.  No complaints with noise, seating or service either......
best food ever in Vegas. You can waste 150USD in a average steakhouse or come 3 times here for delicious food.
I have never been to a TapasGrill, but WOW!!!!  I'm a fan now!!!
I was in Vegas for a conference and handsome and I enjoy trying new places that they don't have in LA. We pulled up Yelp and noted all the great reviews for this place and decided to try it out.

Here's what I thought:

 - Service was good
 - garlic bread was tough 
 - almond butter was ok
 - Bacon wrapped dates not bad, but not great
 - shrimp with garlic was ok
 - ceviche was fare
 - chicken, chorizo and cheese stuffed mushrooms was good until it got cold
 - sardines were average
 - prosciutto and cheese plate was meh
 - wine list was weak and had no dates
 - the lobster "escargot" was TERRIBLE! Glad the server took it off our bill.

As you can see, we did not particularly enjoy our experience at Firefly. Sorry guys...
Yummy food and tasty Sangria!!
Go here! The food is just perfect! They made me love fish and I don't even like fish! 

After being surrounded with neon and that Steve Wynn advert that plays when you get into any cab in Vegas, I was feeling like a moment of fresh air off the strip. Firefly is tucked away just far enough where you can catch a cheap cab, or even walk if you're feeling particularly adventurous (or if you indulge in a pitcher of their sparkling sangria like we did). 

The place is incredibly romantic. Everything has a warm red glow, tables are cozy, and although it's a popular spot, we were able to get in at prime time with only a twenty minute wait. I was totally full after splitting 5 tapas in total - the patatas bravas are heavenly and spicy (ask for them spicy - it's not overwhelming, but it adds so much flavor). 

Prices are fairly normal, but after eating on the strip a few days, you'll feel like some kind of coupon queen (or king). Seriously a great find - perfect food, just the right atmosphere, and sangria to write home about.
this place is great!!! i love the food it has alot of flavor to it , the waitress are nice the whole experience was very nice i will definitely come back when im in VEGAS!
If I learned I was going to die tomorrow, I would eat my last meal at Firefly.

Food and drinks are amazing!
I always have to get the Manchengo Mac N Cheese and Chicken Skewers with either a Flavored Mojito or Sangria!

Love the food. Love the atmosphere. if you've never stopped to eat here make sure you put it on your To Do list!
Amazing Sangria. Try the bacon wrapped dates. They are the best.
The food and drinks here at the Paradise location is terrific!! Every time we go to Vegas, Firefly is part of our agenda. IMO - Tapas or small dishes is the best way to eat and share food. I have seen tasting menus at other restaurants that are twice the price with less variety. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because they changed the Firefly Fries from shoe-string potatoes to regular french fries. The taste and texture is totally different. and not worthy of 5 stars. Hopefully they will change the fries back.
This is by far one of the best Tapas place we have ever been to!  This place stomps all of the fancy and expensive tapas restaurant.  Firefly  is bustling!  Located about 10 min away from the Strip of Las Vegas, is a gem.  When we arrived, this place was PACKED!  We were very impressed with the service, considering the amount of people they were serving, they were cranking out small dishes very very efficiently.  We noticed a small kitchen with only a few workers, but their efficiency was equivalent to about 10 cooks.  The atmosphere of the restaurant was noisy, dark, yet very inviting.  We were very happy with the prices, everything we ordered was $10 or less, but you are definitely getting loads of flavor and ingredients that is worth more than $10.

We started out with what we thought was the best dish of the night...Anchovy Toast!  The anchovies were delicious...very good quality.  Slightly salty and perfectly paired with creamy avocado, fresh parsley, chewy baguette, and drizzled with a mildly spicy olive oil.

Skewers of spicy chorizo, shrimp, and tender steak.  These skewers were delicious!  All the components were cooked well and nothing was overdone.  This is actually pretty difficult when you have things on a skewer that cooks at different rate.  Kudos to Firefly for doing it right!

Grilled octopus with potatoes were quite tasty.  The octopus was so tender and seasoned well but it didn't cover the sweetness that came from the octopus. 

This was actually surprisingly good!  A chorizo fondue ..wow YUMMY!  This came out pipping hot...the flavor was spicy yet creamy and gooey at the same time.  This was pretty addictive. 

The lamb chops were excellent!  Probably one of the best dish of the night and so affordable.  For $10, we got 2 thick cuts of lamb chops, it cost that much usually just to buy the ingredient if not more.  The lamb had a very good lamb flavor, cooked to medium rare, tender, and very juicy!  We wish we had room to eat another plate =)

This last dish was the lobster escargot.  So this dish is basically a new creation of garlic butter escargot, but instead of the meats being escargot, they made this with lobster nuggets.  This was just as you would imagine...buttery, tantalizing garlic flavor, and savory goodness of the lobster meat.  How can you possibly go wrong?

Overall this was a great FIND!  This is one of the places we would hands down come back for a 2nd, 3rd, or 4th meal.  Firefly has a big menu so you could probably order different dishes every time   This place had speedy and efficient service.  I would say it's not as comfortable to sit in just because this place is always packed and there is not very much elbow room.  The food is amazing and much better than any of the highly priced Tapas places we have eaten before.  We would rate this place a 9 for service, flavor, creative dishes, and affordability.
Such a lovely little restaurant with a patio, the food is great and fair price. If I go to Vegas I will defiantly go have lunch here if you like tapas.
Immediate outdoor seating with heat lamps, casual atmosphere, friendly prompt service (with rapid water refills), ample parking, dim suburban lounge atmosphere. Would not have found this place without Yelp! The icing on the cake was the affordable small-plates with a Spanish "influence" (although, that may be a bit far fetched):

Patatas Bravas: huge plate of roasted potatoes with aioli sauce. Very filling.
Stuffed dates with bacon, easily the best tapas we had. Four dates total.
Lentils with vegetables: Just OK; prepped very "clean" without much oil.
Warm spinach salad: again, just OK; tastes exactly how it sounds.
Tomato soup with brie sandwich: not bad, the sandwich was rather plain but the soup was just right for a cool November evening. 
Sangria: surprisingly good; sparkling white wine with blueberries and mangoes. 

Starter: crusty baguette with garlic and honey butter. The honey butter really complimented; the baguette was just OK.

Total bill, $48 + tip.

If you care to venture off the strip, this place is definitely worth checking out.
Firefly is a great place, but I've had a couple of not so great experiences with their seafood, which is a shame cause I love ze fishies.
Delish!  This was a really fun place. We ordered the bacon-wrapped dates and they were wonderful, even though we were really unsure about them. We also order the empanadas, which I thought were pretty good, but my wife thought were excellent. Finally, the filet mignon was absolutely delicious. I loved it. 

We will be back again (if we ever go to Vegas again; not a big fan if Vegas).
Great service and alright food.
This place is HYPE. 


 Sorry to all my fellow yelpers who gave them solid 4's and 5 but the dishes sound A WHOLE LOT better on paper than executed!

  So we were on our way to Capriottis and I told PIC to make a U-turn and please lets go to Firefly LOL.  So we came in before the lunch rush. Place is cute nothing toooo special. Service was good. Scaled the menu and again I want it all LOL! So we order a few things. The goat cheese stuffed peppers. They were ok but not even close to Jaleos version of it. The empanadas were for the PIC, they were good but I wasn't focused on that. The albondias wasn't a soup but a plate of meatballs in some red sauce. The came out lukewarm not even hot. I hate that shit because I rarely get borderline cold food! But that ruined my favorite latin dish! The mushroom puff pastry dish was HUGE, way to big. I wish they detailed that on the menu! It was AOK Just to large and didn't go with the theme of the eatery to me! The favorite dish of the lunch was the shrimp tempura. The veggies that were also tempura were BOMB. The carrots so damn good. I could eat a whole plate of those carrots! 

 I might comeback here if I was with a bunch of gfs in Vegas wanting something off the grid a bit!  But yea this is hype to me. SOWEE
Something going on with Yelp review situation and this restaurant.  We got snowed by it.  Don't let it happen to you.  Normally this rating at 1100+ reviews says astonishing awesome.  This place is just...fine.

We went with 7 ppl and ordered a bunch of tapas.  The menu and descriptions are amazing.  

First, food was delivered entirely in a span of 5 minutes.  It was like a race from the kitchen.  It was overwhelming, and we felt like it was a race to eat, b/c salads came with hot tapas...all tapas were served on dinner plates so there was very little room to even accommodate the food.  Zero sensitivity from staff in making this work.  Felt like fast food service. Yuck.

Second, food is average...at best.  Spicy beef salad is one of my favorite dishes.  Beef was overcooked and leathery and the salad had iceberg lettuce with zero flavor, no spice...bizarre actually.  Fries should have been great but were mushy and underdone.  Apple and manchego salad -- a real winner from Jaleo in DC fame--was just that...no zing from garlic or anything acidic to add punch.  There were some winners.  Stuffed eggplant and meatballs were good.  Sauce for beef skewers was good.  

So, go here if you want a decent dinner.  Do not go here thinking you're getting a great dinner.  Food quality is average at best  Preparation completely uneven.  Service is like a high school cafeteria.

This will be my last visit.  I was at the LV Strip adjacent location.
We saw this place for the first time in 12/11 but could not get in because it was packed with a wait time of almost 2 hours. Then we saw it on TV on a food channel, maybe Restaurant Stakeout, where it was profiled for horrible service. During this trip to Vegas we stopped by in late afternoon and were seated immediately, although we were warned that the computers were down so the service may be slow.

The experience was mixed. The wife loved her beet salad, and I got smoked salmon on toasts that was very good. We also split a vegie empanada that was good, although the wife liked it better than I. 

Our "main" courses consisted of lamb skewers for the wife and serrano sliders for me. Her lamb was tough and chewy. The toughest lamb she ever had at any restaurant in her life. She actually just spit it out in a napkin. My sliders were not very good. There was no serrano ham. I asked the waitress if they forgot to add the ham and she said it was in the beef patty. That was a lie, because the patty was pure beef, unless the ham was microscopic and flavorless. Another problem is that the sliders were dry and overcooked. And I mean way overcooked, as in hockey pucks. Overall, the flavors did not come together with the aioli and it just did not taste good. I could barely finish the two sliders, and frankly, I did not want to. On the  positive side, the food came out in a timely manner, despite problems with the computer. 

The service was substandard. Our waitress Fernanda disappeared after taking our order. I had to ask random waiters for another drink and for the bill. Mind you, this was 4:30pm and the place was not busy. Where she was or what she was doing, I have no idea. Groups of waiters/waitresses were congregating and talking, hugging, laughing, etc. Apparently, the Restaurant Stakeout effect has worn off. 

On the positive side, we arrived during happy hour so drinks were half price. 

I wanted to try the filet mignon sliders but they were not on the menu.

My wife wants to give this place a 4, my experience was a 2, so I am compromising on a 3, as in average, not "A-ok". I would never return and would never choose to spend my money at this place again.
Delicious tapas and great for a quick, relatively inexpensive lunch. My wife and I shared four tapas:
Manchego mac & cheese
Bacon wrapped sates
Chorizo stuff mushrooms
Tuna tartare

All were delicious and it was about $35 with tip. That's great, in my opinion, for food of this caliber in Las Vegas. The service was fast and always attentive with the refills. 

My brother says the sparking sangria is awesome, but we didn't try it.

This is located in the strip mall right across the street from Del Friscos Double Eagle Steakhouse.
mexican people are work hard and they were very attentive nice. good quik food and tasty
So glad that I gave this joint a go. The food was off the sheezy, awesome and filling paella that would give the ones in Spain a run for its money. Noteworthy dishes included: mac n' cheese, empanadas,  dates wrapped in bacon, and lamb chops. Everything came out fast and the sangria was also delicious, a pitcher to share is a must if dining as a group. This place was a huge hit for our party of 15.
Simply put this place is AMAZING!  Probably one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had in my life.  The food here is on a whole other level & the attention to detail is superb. These folks are turning out world class tapas dishes that taste & appear like something you would see on a "Food & Wine" cover.  I went with a few friends and we shared a ton of different dishes & 2 pitchers of Sangria for a total bill of less than $100.00. My only advice would be to get there early, on a Monday night the wait was easily over an hour & on weekends I'm told the waits exceed 2+ hours quickly.
I DON'T GET IT!!

Everyone at my table of 6 found this place absolutely disappointing and unspectacular. 3 of us ordered the following dishes to share:

1. Smoked salmon toast- Thinly sliced smoked salmon with dill sour cream and capers. It was a'ight. The taste was nothing noteworthy.
2. Tuna tartare- Raw, cubed tuna with avocado in sesame oil. This was perhaps my favorite dish, with a great savory flavor.
3. Stuffed dates- Bacon-wrapped date stuffed with an almond and goat cheese. I commend them for the flavor matching of the sweet fig and the savory bacon. I can appreciate the different textures- soft fig with crunchy almond and creamy goat cheese. The favors were perhaps too bold for me that I could only eat one.
4. Roasted eggplant cannelloni- The eggplant was mushy, with a thick layer of mushy goat cheese. The textures did not bode well with me. The tastes were unremarkable.
5. Pulpo asado- Grilled octopus with potatoes. This is actually the best octopus I've tasted, simply because it was not chewy like other dishes I've had before. 
6. Petit filet-  This was a'ight. I think I meant to get the sliders, but instead ordered the filet. I've definitely had better steaks.
7. Merguez- Lamb sausage was dry and not particularly tasty.
8. Sparkling sangria- Delicious and bubbly sangria.

Total price ~$30/ person

I do admit that my expectations were high upon entering. However, I do believe I've tasted much better tapas before. Firefly did not the mark for me or the rest of my table.
This place is awesome! The food was spectacular and the service was above average. Our food started coming within a few minutes. I have been wanting to try a Tapas place but there are none where I live. So if you're in Vegas this place is a must go....I tried 6 different things and all were great. Our waiter was Danny and he was very helpful and knew the menu thoroughly.
WOA!! Super close to strip. AMAZING food. Good prices. Locals like.
Ambiance was hip.  Definitely good for the younger crowd.  But the food was also really good!  Loved the ceviche, chorizo clam, and stuffed dates was also pretty interesting.  I would've given 5 stars, but a couple of the steamed mussels were slightly off.  Price was reasonable, too!
I think the one on the westside is much better. We went for lunch on a Sunday to the Paradise location and it wasn't too busy. We had somewhat slow service but the stuffed dates and apple and manchego salad didn't disappoint.  Some to the fried plates were a bit cold and the last item we ordered took way too much time to come out. When it did, it was so hot as to approach a meltdown and so we waited nearly 15 minutes for it to be safe to eat.

I still like this place and it is the best Tapas restaurant in town.
Every time we come to Las Vegas, my family and I try a different local restaurant. We finally got around to trying this place, and boy was I impressed.

First, I noticed a chic atmosphere with lots of fun lighting and good music, including some fantastic hits from the 80s to Mexican polka gone pop. The hostess and servers were very friendly and accomodating.

I had a pitcher of sangria to myself (wife just hit her third trimester, so I'm drinking for two) and it was incredibly delicious. Less ice, more wine is my only complaint. But still plenty to drink, and considering it was happy hour, it was only $14 and the pitcher was ginormous.

We had the ham and cheese croquettes, veggie empanadas, ceviche, spanish tortilla and firefly fries. Every dish was wonderfully rich and tasted amazing. These fries? Just as good as the truffle fries at Bacchi Burger, and everything that Red Robin WISHES it could serve.

The total was $48 and that included five different tapas and a pitcher of incredible sangria (which soaks for a minimum of three days). Not bad at all considering the amazing experience I had here. Hell, even the free bread was wonderful. And if you sit at the bar during happy hour? Free appetizers!

Bottom line: Don't miss your chance. Eat here. I promise you will not regret it.
Let me first begin with 5 stars on service! The most friendly staff ever! Very professional, doting, and incredibly familiar with the menu. But the food was seriously lacking compared to what I was prepared for. We had the ceviche, tune tartare, stuffed dates, octopus, spicy shrimp, and beet salad. Everything was good, but nothing was great or memorable. The words that come to mind are flat and boring. Mind you the ambiance is not included in this discription. The ambiance is very lively and drinking in moderation is not recommended. In a world filled with tapas restaurants this is not the top of my list.
Food was so-so. Not sure what the big deal is with Tapas.
Tapas!!! One of my favorite things in the world. I love variety. I'm not the person to order a pasta plate with one sauce and one type of noodle with some toasted bread in the side. I love different things in 1 meal. With firefly you can have multiple things in 1 meal therefor satisfying all your hearts wants and desires. 

Beet salad-amazing
Ceviche- spectacular
Spinach salad- divine

We probably had about 8 other plates of different stuff that made my tummy happy! They are kinda famous for their different flavored mojitos. I tried my husbands watermelon one, it was good. I tried my father in laws blueberry one, it was good, but I got just a plain lime and mint mojito that was by far the best. Stick to the original. Tapas places are not for everyone but they make my knees weak and I will totally go back here the next time I'm in Vegas!
Packed on a Monday evening!! I think we waited about a half hour.  

Sangria!!! Firefly is a tapas bar located off the strip but absolutely worth the drive or taxi ride for those who enjoy awesome food, drinks and atmosphere. Sometimes it's nice to get off the strip away from all the gambling and tourists.

Food and service were also great!
-Ceviche - very tasty.
-Thai Beef Salad - this might have been my favorite dish.
-Empanada - good!
-Bacon Wrapped Dates - a must.

The three of us shared a pitcher of Sangria It's as good as the Sangria I make at home...which is really good!! We had a great time!
My favorite restaurant to go to when in Vegas!!  

I've been to Vegas more times than I can count, and this is my favorite spot around the strip. I know Vegas has some amazing restaurants, and I've been to quite a few nice dinners within all the giant hotels. I am not going to sit here and say that Firefly has better food than every other restaurant. However, when you combine the chic atmosphere, great taste, friendly service, flavorful drinks (sangria, mojitos, martinis) and amazing price this place is by far the best.

I've recommended this place and taken many friends here and everyone has loved it. And most return and take their friends when they visit Vegas again.  
  
Unfortunately, and the only negative is the wait. On Friday and Saturdays they don't take reservations for groups less than 10.  So if you don't mind waiting 30 minutes or more (which I don't if I know it is worth it) then definitely hit up this spot.  You won't regret it.

It's nice being able to step a few miles away from the craziness of the strip and find this gem.
AH-Mazing!! 

Great food, great drinks. We've been here about four times. Sometimes there's a wait but that's because it's sooooo good!!
This is probably the best tapas place I've been to, my boyfriend and I was there for 2 straight dinners during our stay in Vegas. Everything we ordered was delicious, the lamp chops were the best !  If you like food with an oriental/Chinese twist, I'd highly recommend crispy duck and garden salad. We also tried the highly praised stuffed dates from my fellow Yelpers, it's no doubt the yummiest among its kind.  I'm really impressed with their chef, who according to our waiter is from Mexico. The food is anything but Mexican, which works out with me since I was never a Mexican food fan. The only downside is that it's not that close to the strip, quite some walk to get there from flamingo & Vegas intersection. But it well worths the effort !
I have to be honest, I wasn't super excited to go to a tapas restaurant but my friends insisted. It was a good decision!

The wait wasn't too long and the service was phenomenal. The best part is that both the inside and outside seating are smoke free. To be full, you are looking at about $25-30/person.

Some highlights: bacon wrapped dates, paella, tuna tartar, octopus, and the chorizo clams.
Reservations were made using Open Table and when we arrived, I had to show them the email confirmation.  The hostess didn't show us in the system and the place is quite small, (we were told in advance we needed reservations due to the size), after showing the email, she seemed putt off with us, but eventually sat us. We had a party of three and all of us differ in what we prefer for good eats.  Firefly satisfied all, immensely. That's the joy of a Tapas bar, you can order several items, get a small taste of everything as a opposed to one huge meal that you may or may not enjoy and have to get through.  

Bacon wrapped stuffed dates and the Shrimp, Steak, and Chorizo Skewers in Salsa Verde being the highlight of all the tapas ordered.  We also ordered a pitcher of Red Sangria (recommended by another bar tender on the strip) and were surprised by the flavor in it.  The waiter mentioned that they let the Sangria sit a few days to allow the fruity flavors to come out, quite delicious.

I am looking forward to another trip to Firefly when I'm in town next time.
Went there again, this time with my wife, and confirmed that yes, this is a great place for a date.  My wife is both gluten and dairy free, and was able to find plenty of things she could eat (tip: they will leave out the blue cheese on the stuffed dates).
Refreshingly un-Vegas and mostly locals.
My brother told me about this place. He said "You must have the stuffed dates". They are a must! Ever since I was stationed in Panama with my husband, I have searched for good empanadas. OMG!! I finally found them! This place is one of the best food places in Vegas. The food is cooked to order and served very hot. I ordered the red Sangria and it is incredibly delicious. I recommend ordering a pitcher. The fresh bits of apple are so good.  My favorites on the menu are the dates, empanadas and lamb chops. They season the chops perfectly with a wonderful sear on them. They melt in your mouth. Their garlic fries are addicting.They are open late and service is amazing. Every time I am in Vegas, this place is always on my list. It's busy but a romantic place. It's a tapas bar, so you can try lots of food and not spend lots of money. Every mouthful of food is an experience and it makes you want to come back again and again. Thanks brother! You got this one really right!
Every. Single. Thing. I tried was delicious.

Sorry, its annoying when people write like that but I was trying to convey my point. I picked this spot for a dinner during a business trip with coworkers. I wanted something off the strip with a lot of variety and this place had promising ratings. 

I can't remember everything we had because we started ordering a bunch of different tapas off the menu. I do remember delicious empanadas and patatas bravas though! Their sangria is a must try! I had a reservation, so we were promptly seated even though we were missing a couple of people. Service was fairly quick even though this place was packed for a Wednesday night. 

Thank you to all the Yelpers who led me to this place. I impressed the big bosses and they left with a new favorite restaurant to visit during future visits! Please get off the strip for a bit and visit this place - you will not regret it!!
This place is the shiiiiiiiiit.

My first time in Las Vegas, so we decided to go off the strip and get some tapas. I've had the real thing in Spain so I was a little cautious as to their food and what they considered "authentic tapas." The place is very quiet and intimate, which was a great departure from the hustle and bustle of the strip. 

Do I remember what I ate? Nope. All I know is that every single thing I had was delicious. The sangria was delicious and very dangerous because it tasted like juice and I had to ask the waiter twice if they had put alcohol in it. 

The kicker was the dessert, I'm a Nutella stan so I tried the Banana Nutella Sandwich...the gates of heaven opened, angels sang, and my life is complete. 

I would recommend reservations just in case.
Definitely do yourself a solid, go here with your significant other and enjoy the awesome food!

We got sooo much stuff  can't remember, everything was fast, hot and delicious. The Sangria was on point, spicy shrimp was baller and the banana's foster is out of this world.

Great service and fast cooks!
Small plates not so much..  Order one or two plates less as the portion size is huge!  Food is ok.
One of the first restaurants I enjoyed in Vegas, sober. The happy hour is awesome--half price drinks including the pitchers of sangria. So by the end of the meal--not so sober, but still happily so.

All the food is small plates (thus "tapas"). The bacon-wrapped dates are incredible. My date and I ordered two plates full. It comes in six. The garlic/pimento spread that comes with the bread upon arrival is tasty. 

The pear martini is awesome--Grey Goose, pear puree. And half price during happy hour. The white sangria is delicious and full of green apple bits. It could use less ice, but who am I to argue with a restaurant in a desert city?

The lamp skewers were well done. The tuna tartare was incredible too.

Ambiance: the service is quick, the lighting is a bit on the dim side (think candlelight and red overheads), and the art works are eye-catching. 

Coming  back the next time I'm in Vegas.
Each dish is exquisitely prepared, promptly brought to the table, and delicious! I can recommend the following:
- Tuna tartare
- STUFFED DATES**!! (i don't even like dates... and this is my favorite dish at firefly)
- Tomato basil soup- nothing too special, but a solid dish
- Manchego mac and cheese
- Ahi Tuna Skewer- didn't realize the tuna would be cooked in this dish, but I was pleasantly surprised when I tried it. Refreshing flavors and the only cooked tuna dish I've ever enjoyed in a restaurant
- Blueberry mojito!
- The bread brought to the table is nothing special, but the spread it is served with is really good (:

5 stars for the food quality and creativity alone. Not much to say about service. Oh, no outside drinks.
Good friend of mine turned me onto this place, try to make it out there every time I'm in town..

Service typically seems good, never had a complaint..

The food is amazing here, I wish I could stuff myself more than possible..highly recommend Stuffed dates, don't think I've ever had dates before this place..Then there's a bunch of other great items, steak skewers with mushrooms are solid.

One thing I really hate about this place is it can get packed and wait times can be insanely long with no reservations.
Finally made it out to Firefly on our last Vegas trip. The food was good - loved the mussels in curry sauce and the sangria the most. However, the service was very confusing! After a few minutes of being seated, a waiter came up to ask us if we've been helped. The tables aren't assigned? After that, it was hard to find the guy, and he forgot one of our orders. When we told him that he forgot, he said oh I'm sorry and stared at us as if to ask what we'd like him to do. Anyway, at least the food was good!
Some of the best tap food I have had, a definite hidden gem of Las Vegas. Worth the trip off the strip, the chicken salad was great and the chocolate cherry bread pudding is awfully tasty.
I'm a huge fan of customer service, and this place was top notch. If anything the waiter was doing above and beyond his job. He was consistently refilling and double checking that we were doing good. It's sad, but I've truly come to appreciate the people in this town that ACTUALLY do their jobs and don't mope around and spread their negativity on the floor. The only thing I could say I disliked about this place would be the annoying, theater table of 20+ drunk people. You would think maybe a manager would have approached them after they consistently sang songs and yelled random sayings, but I understand where they were coming from, and hey, I mean the people looked like they were having a good time, even though everyone surrounding them were highly annoyed. 

All in all I absolutely love this place, and I'm going to have to say you absolutely have to try the bacon wrapped date with goat cheese and the sangria!
Great experience.  I recommend anyone in Vegas make this one of the places you stop to eat.  It is great food, great service and great atmosphere.  I would consider this one of the places locals would go to eat.  There isn't any inflated prices you see on the strip so if you want a great time without the typical inflated costs so many good restaurants in Las Vegas have, this will be a nice surprise for you too.
Wayyyy too salty! ! Couldn't even enjoy it:-( Got the Warm Spinach Salad & Eggplant canoli. The Eggplant was so little, could barely taste it. Plus it was drowning in goat cheese that didn't even taste good with the eggplant. The salad was so salty that it was hard to finish.
WOW.. we found out about this place on Yelp.. and decided to check it out.  It was just like people said.  Delicious and well priced.. with M M M good drinks.

We did go fairly early but there was still a nice vibe.  

I wish this place was closer to me.

YUM!
Excellent, fairly affordable tapas in Las Vegas. A hidden gem that's definitely worth leaving the Strip.
LOve this Place forTapas, Drinks, & the First date... Sometimes a bit too loud for first date but very comfortable atmosphere . Not too Pricie  $$ is Fair
I love this place and have been going here regularly for seven years since I moved to Las Vegas. I know the menu like the back of my hand, and I'm glad to see that they have been improving and expanding to areas like Henderson and Summerlin. Fun atmosphere, and delicious. I always bring my out of town friends here and they are impressed every time. Five Stars! 

*Yum!*
Love, love, love this place. Fabulous tapas, great atmosphere, and the sangria is delish. They make all sorts of fresh fruit sangrias. Try the dates - you won't regret it!  I try to get here whenever I am in Vegas. Great atmosphere - very fun, upbeat place...

It's located in a strip mall and parking can be tight.
Fantastic food, very reasonably priced. Good service. Highly recommend.
I have been to Firefly more times than I can remember. It's the place for old friends to reunite and for new friends to bond over delicious sangria and food. The concept of tapas is just really fun. It's even more fun when you have several people and can try a little of everything. My only peeve about this location is the parking (which I believe they recently solved by providing more parking in the back of the building complex, however, in that part of town and at night, no thank you) and the small, cramped space that is the restaurant. Besides that, LOVE IT.

These are my go-to menu items that I order basically EVERY time I visit:
FIREFLY FRIES: Nothing special about the fries themselves, however the parmesan, herbs, and seasonings that they throw on it? YUM. It's also served with their menu-popular aioli. It's pretty amazing.
STUFFED DATES: What can you hate about a date stuffed with creamy bleu cheese and a smoked almond, wrapped in bacon, and roasted in the oven, then served with a perfectly-sweet red wine reduction? Yeah, nothing.
EMPANADA: Every culture offers some sort of pastry stuffed with meat and/or vegetables that is baked, fried, or boiled and it is always delicious. This one does not disappoint with its roasted pork, red peppers, topped with aioli, and served with a tangy salad. When you're done eating it, your only complaint will be that there was just ONE.
TUNA TARTARE: A delicious stack of raw tuna with avocado, mixed with a soy sauce concoction and served with crispy taro chips! A light and fun dish.
PAELLA: I understand that I will never know the true meaning of paella until I venture to Spain (as I'm told by my well-traveled friends), but of all the restaurants that I've had paella, this is one of the best. It has all your main players like chorizo, chicken, calamari, mussels, etc and of course, the heart: saffron rice. It's served in the pot that it's cooked in, so it's hot until you leave.

All the sangria choices are delicious, but my personal favorite is definitely the SPARKLING SANGRIA. I love having carbonation in my beverage and this is sweet and delicious. Go before 6 pm (I'm not sure when it starts) and you can enjoy half off your pitcher during their Happy Hour!

I have been twice since my Vegan/Vegetarian journey has begun, so my meals have been significantly different. Sadly, there's only a couple Vegan (non-confirmed, just assumed) tapas and besides one, all salads. Not exciting at all. So, I decided that if I wanted to eat, I had to consume some dairy. I've tried: ARTICHOKE TOASTS: artichoke hearts with aioli, basil, pepper on their delicious toasted bread, very good; VEGGIES AND LENTILS: Just meh and totally could have done without it (the one rare, possibly, Vegan dish); VEGGIE EMPANADA: Also just meh - the cream cheese was overwhelming and I had no desire to finish it; PATATAS BRAVAS: Very yummy, but spicy, so you've been warned. 

Therefore, being restricted to a Vegetarian/Vegan diet makes this place very bland. It's still one of my favorite restaurants, so maybe one day we can meet (meat) again.

BTW, all three locations in the valley accept reservations except on Fridays and Saturdays (I'm sure there are other exceptions like holidays perhaps). So if it's the weekend, ensure you arrive early if you're dining with a large group or try a weekday!
Stumbled on this place by accident..Thank God we did!  Plates were flavorful and plentiful.  Drinks weren't overpriced, and it had a great atmosphere.  Favorites were the stuffed dates and the clams and chorizo.  My wife went crazy for the gazpacho!  What a great night out, we will be back!
I can't tell you how happy we were that our La Quinta is just down the street.  For the two of us, we ordered 8 tapas and a dessert.  Definitely too much...wished I had a second stomach.  Anyways, it's so much a better deal than another tapas restaurant we found on the strip.  It might not be the most authentic Spanish food (Duck Eggroll?), but the food is delicious...a great value and find off the strip.
This is one place that has become a staple in my Las Vegas path of culinary travel.
A large and creating array of small plate items, covering the gamut, from comfort foods, to meat/fish, hot/cold, lite/heavy, etc...There is something for everyone here.
I am partial to the albongigas (meatballs), but the tuna tartare is great, as are the bacon wrapped dates, shrimp diablo, ceviche....I could go on, but try it for yourself.
Casual, eclectic atmosphere makes it comfortable for anybody. I've been here for business meetings, been here dressed up for pre and post nite-out bites, and been here in sweatpants. Never any judgement.
Full bar, and prices are reasonable too. I've been to 3 of their locations, but the one on Paradise is my favorite. 
Just a comfortable spot to enjoy good food.
I think I've eaten at Firefly one too many times to give it an objective review, but here goes.

As far as solid tapas and group dining goes, you'll have a pretty good experience at Firefly. Some of my favorites are the perennial staple: the bacon wrapped dates, boquerones, artichoke toasts and tomato soup (w/brie grilled cheese). The menu has changed minimally since I first visited about 6 years ago and I wish they'd give some thought to additions. Yes, they have a lot on the menu, but like I said I've eaten there so much that it's a little difficult to give an objective review.

I haven't been able to find sangria as good as Firefly's anywhere. I don't know what their secret is, but they better not let it out. You can get it by the glass or by the pitcher and if you drink like me, the pitcher isn't a bad deal.

The service can be apathetic and awkward at best and negligent at worst. Several times I've dined there and have been tempted to not leave a tip because service is SO bad. I get that they are busy, but it's time to figure out a new strategy, hire people who care and give that service experience the attention it needs.

This is a good place for a date (not a first date because it's so damn loud in there), a group dinner (although they hate those and it's so obvious) or to take someone who's never had tapas before. I know I'll be back and my expectations will be managed.
Great food, reasonable prices, great ambiance with a cool, hip vibe. I have been coming here for years and never been disappointed. It's off the strip, but totally worth the cab fare. Some notable menu items: 

Sangria and the mojitos...goes without saying ;-)

Machego Mac n cheese
stuffed peppers
apple manchego salad
artichoke toasts
croquetas
stuffed dates (OMG!!)
filet sliders
banana nutella sandwiches (amazeballs)

I have had most of the menu items...they are all really good.
Came here with great friends on our vegas trip.  It was my first time trying tapas. It was really good.  Restaurant looked small but had plenty of seating and service was good. We tried a little bit of everything. I really enjoyed the sliders and the Mac and cheese. Both were well done.  We ordered the firefly fries and there was plenty to last for the whole meal for all of us. The date wrapped with bacon was so good.  We got a pitcher of sangria. Which was plenty for four. Sangria was too strong for me but I know others will enjoy the amount of alcohol. We finished with the Nutella sandwiches which was amazing. Only thing I really didn't like was the cold chorizo meat platter. I was not a fan.
We really like this place. A lot of bang for your buck. We get everything here, especially all the tapas. Everything is good here & drinks are good. Nice atmosphere & service. A must on every Vegas trip. Wish we had one here in CA.
This place is pretty much amazing and you need to get here when it's not busy or you'll be waiting in line like you would be at a club but everyone is there for table service. Service is amazing and cups of water are never empty.

This is what we ordered:
1) stuffed dates - bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese
2) firefly fries - parmesan, herbs, aioli
3) veggie empanada - spinach, mushroom, artichoke, herbed cream cheese in pastry, red pepper aioli
4) filet mignon sliders - mini burgers w/serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions
5) crispy duck roll - cherry hoisin sauce
6) fried calamari - spicy gribiche dipping sauce

I would recommend all these things except the crispy duck roll. It just was not good--dry and bland. I wanted to try the Sangria but I was driving back home that day so I didn't intake any EtOH. It looked tasty though.

Firefly serves some of the best tapas in my opinion. Definitely a place that's worth a 4 or 5-people cab ride since it's off the strip.
Catching up on a previous visit.  Went here for dinner during my business trip and was pleasantly surprised by the inexpensive costs, friendly atmosphere, and the vibrant crowd.  Great find in the area. Tips: perfect spot for groups (there's something for everyone). The tapas are amazing. They have a happy hour ;) and save room for dessert!
Disappointed. First time went there on Friday night.. A lot of people, but we made reservation, we got our table right away once we walked in, which is very good. The flavor of the food was decent, but either they have made some shortcut of that night or that's normal for them, certain food wasn't fresh, 

warm spinach salad - there are some mushy and old spinach leaves.
steam mussels - not bad, but the red curry was missing some hearty flavor to it.  
stuffed mushroom - taste decent
meatball - texture was good.
babyback ribs - the sauce/glaze was pretty good, but the texture was not, it seems like the ribs have been refrigerated for a long time and get forgotten.
lamb chop - this is fine
filet mignon sliders - overbooked, dry and the fries/onion strings was so soggy, it looks like microwave from overnight onion strings. 
Baked tetilla - a bit bland, need a bit more seasoning.
1200 reviews and 4 1/2 stars? I had to try this place. Plus, it gave me another excuse for tapas! No reservations for Fri or Sat- but they take them any other day of the week.

Sooo- we came on a Sunday instead. We had made reservations ahead of time and were promptly seated. For being a Sunday night during off-season, the place was still pretty crowded. There is very low lighting- so if you expect some amazing phone photos of your food, probably not going to happen unless you drown it in a flash.

There were a ton of things that we wanted to try on the menu and the server gladly explained his pros/cons on each of our choices while recommending some of his own. There was no rush, but he continually checked in with us to see if we were ready or had any other inquiries. I was glad there were four of us- we really pigged out.

While we waited, we went for their house sangria. Though I'm not a wine person, it was pretty fantastic. It was light and fruity, but after glass two, I was definitely feeling a nice buzz. We ordered a pitcher for the four of us and it was probably the better deal since we each got about two glasses out of it. If you're not lightweights like us, a pitcher between two people would probably be sufficient, too. It's definitely a great drink while enjoying your food.

We inhaled:
Serrano Sliders: Filet mignon with serrano ham, grilled onions and clouds of heaven. Not the menu description, but I think I heard angels singing when I bit into them. They were super moist, cooked medium and the cheese was melted perfectly in the soft, yet crispy bun. These were so amazing that I'll probably compare every other slider experience in the future to these little things.

Manchengo Mac and Cheese: Came out in a little skillet that was still bubbling when served. It was crispy on top with a generous amount of bread crumbs. It wasn't too cheesy and split between four people, it was just enough without weighing us down. I loved the strong taste of the cheese and liked that it was so gooey without being watery. Even if there were two of us, I'd still probably order it again.

Stuffed Dates: These sweet things were stuffed with blue cheese and then wrapped in bacon. The bacon was perfectly cooked with some nice crispy fat and it was unanimous that it was the favorite dish of the night.It comes in a serving of 5, so we all got one and I got an extra. I'm seriously salivating thinking of the sweet and savory combination and wish that they had a location in CA for me to indulge in... but it's probably better that they don't.

Firefly Fries: It's a generous portion served with melted parmesan cheese on top. For dipping, it comes with aioli. The french fries were crispy and I loved the oil that they were cooked in. It didn't even really need the sauce that accompanied it and it was plenty for the four of us.

Albondigas: These were like mini meatballs with the tomato sauce and parmesan sprinkled on top. They were delicious and moist and held some great flavors. As soon as they hit the table, we pretty much inhaled it. Definitely worth getting.

Empanadas: A hit as well. Really enjoyed the flaky pastry outside and the super moist pork inside. The peppers gave it a nice little kick, but nothing a swig of sangria couldn't extinguish. It was so good, I again forgot to use the dipping sauce that came with it.

Baked Tetilla: Just like the description says, it's fondue- so super cheese. It comes with crisp pieces of toast to spread the combo of cheese, tomato and chorizo on. We saved it and continued to dip our fries in it after the bread was gone. There was no way in hell we were going to let any go to waste!

Fried Calamari: This was good, but standard calamari. It was good, but I would opt for something a little more adventurous next time.

Tierra y Mar Skewers: Little kebobs with shrimp, filet and chorizo. I loved the charred tasted from the grill. The combination of these three proteins was pretty genius, each meat was delicious on their own and even better together.

Chorizo Plate: Different types of thinly sliced chorizo served on a plate with capers. This was probably our least favorite dish. It wasn't bad, but we shouldn't have ended with it. It would have worked better as one of our beginning courses. It wasn't bad, but we had a bunch of hearty samples and this was light and salty. 

Banana and Nutella Sandwiches: Now this was the perfect way to end a meal. It was like crack and we almost ordered a second serving because it was so damn good. It was like french toast with bananas on the inside. Add in the nutella and it was the dessert of the gods. Super simple but extra delicious. This is a must if you're in the mood for a sweet finale.

Service was impeccable. Someone constantly came around to clear our plates and refill drinks. This place deserves a 6th star and will become one of my regular Las Vegas stops for sure!
This was a great little place tucked away off the strip. The food came out really fast and was packed with flavor. It was perfect to share with a ton of variety. We went on a Tuesday night and it was packed! The Sangria and Mojitos were awesome as well!

I'd definitely return here for a great deal!
If I had actually sat down at a table to have a decent meal, maybe I would have given more stars. But they were so crowded that we had to eat at the bar, 7 people with 3 seats. While you need a coat outside, inside was so hot and humid that we were sweating bullets. Just tried to eat as fast as possible and get the hell outta there!  You just can't enjoy food when being rushed, especially when the food is just OK at best. I don't need to come off the strip for this. 

The plates all sound intriguing, but the taste is kind of one note, like they had a list of spices and HAD to use all of them in EVERY dish. I honestly cannot remember what I had because everything tasted about the same and sorta blended together, not to mention way salty.
The place is small but really nice. I loved the food and drinks. I must return here. This place is a little hidden diamond chip. But its a nice little romantic spot to relax with your boo. You have got to eat this food! You have got to dance here. Try the blueberry mojitos!
Food was very good, service was non-existant.  We waited for 20 minutes after dinner to get coffee and we waited for 30 minutes for the check.  If we had service, it would have been 5 stars.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The food is delicious. I was in there this evening, and had the best service  in a long time. My boyfriend and I were celebrating a special occasion and our waiter went above and beyond to make it a wonderful evening. He was informative, kind, and attentive. Thank you Jesus Eduardo!
Sounds like this place gets pretty packed. We were in town for a wedding, so we had our 2- and 5-year-old with us and we went at 2pm on a Friday--no wait and we didn't feel weird with our kids at that time of day. Our kids liked the Mac & Cheese, the Apple Salad, and all the Crostinis. Plenty of small items to choose from if you happen to bring your kids like we did.

Some items were a huge hit, and some things were just good. Sounds like the bacon-wrapped dates are the way to go, and it's true, they are pretty amazing--something you'll crave. I also loved the shrimp with chili sauce; lots of spice and flavor. 

We were full but wanted a taste of dessert, so we ordered the Dessert Platter amongst the six of us. We should've ordered another one because we loved all the little desserts. The popular ones were the Chocolate Tres Leches and the Passion Fruit Cheesecakes--I want to go back and order one of those just for myself.
Great food, cool atmosphere! Worth the trip off the strip. The food came fast, knowledgeable server.
Back in town, and made this my dinner stop.  Even on Sundays they're open til 2a.  We ordered the potato brava, their fries, shrimp diablo, the bacon wrapped dates, chicken skewers, and the nutella banana sandwich.  The biggest standout was def the dates!  Just wow, the saltiness of the bacon, sweetness of the date, and the nut in the middle...Nothing I ate here even compares.  The shrimp diablo's sauce was particularly good as well as the nutella banana sandwich....I'd def  order the dessert again.  But the dates were incredible.  Don't come here and not try it.
The food is excellent, place is very nice and staff was very good.  It gets busy so make a reservation if possible.  The tapas were great, ceviche was amazing.  Must try, I will come back when I am back in Vegas.
Yes! The coveted 5 star rating. Why? How, you ask? Here are the deets my friends.

Food: Just from the complimentary bread, you already become charmed by Fireflys gastronomy. Smoked almond butter, olives, and spiced orange segments are perfect companions to the bread that was served. House made empanadas with its buttery crust, and deliciously braised pork filling hit a special place in my heart. Clams, chorizo and a savory tomato broth was memorable flavor as well. 

Service: The service here is like a well oiled machine. On top of everything from refills on bread/drinks, knowledge of the menu as well as alertness. Our server was warm and genuinely took pride in the work he was doing. 

Ambience: Spacious and dimly lit. It was festive but intimate at the same time. Dark wood and warmly painted walls transports you to Spain.

Verdict: Firefly rates up there with some of the best eats in Vegas.
This place is fantastic from all angles. Love the tapas experience. It can get pricey quick but the selection and ability to have a little bit of everything is welcomed in this tapas setting. If you have at least 3-4 people makes it a lot easier to try many things. Sangria is also quite good. Food is real tasty and satisfies all appetites. It is a great place socially but that also means it tends to be very busy. It is worth the wait in my opinion. Have been going there for years now and appears to be the De facto place for my friends and I to celebrate birthdays.
I have gone to this place for Happy Hour for years. It is definitely my favorite place to hang out after work with friends. I always have the sangria. I haven't found any better in Vegas. The tapas are delectable. I always order the empanadas, stuffed dates, tortillas, and the patatas bravas. If I'm with a seafood fan, I also get the calamari. I've had the paella as an entree and it was quite tasty as well. You can't go wrong at Firefly.
We love Firefly! Came for the ceviche and sangria. Service is always good but today it was over the top because of Jesus E (Lalo). He made our experience extra special tonight. Thanks Jesus!
I do like this restaurant, but I am not sure what the big hype is all about. 

The food is good but in my opinion the taste is not worth the price. There is just nothing about the flavor that makes this restaurant stand out. So either every time I have gone there I order the wrong things (doubtful) or there really is nothing that stands out about their food. I am from the Netherlands, which is not too far from Spain (where everyone always goes for vacation), and have had amazing Spanish food before that the food at Firefly's does not even come close to measuring up to. 

The only thing I have had that I would ever go back to eat that is completely worth it is their ribeye entree. Makes up for all the other dishes, like the flavorless paella. 

Other than that the restaurant is beautiful and upscale compared to the average restaurant. Perfect place to take a date for the second or third time (might be too expensive for the first if you are a poor university student like me) or to have a dinner celebration. The staff was wonderful. 

If you are just looking for a good eatery and aren't eating out for any special occasion, I probably wouldn't suggest this place.
I have been here maybe 3 times. Each time I went I thought, "Maybe I just ordered the wrong dishes. I should try something else next time." Bad idea. I know that the last time I was there was about 2 years ago but it really left a bad taste in my mouth. I have been going to the other Fireflies in Summerlin and that's better than the original.
I have never had to return a dish in my life but this had to go. I order a stuffed mushroom dish that came out cold and under seasoned. The fries were good. I forgot what else I ordered but I would recommend to go to the Summerlin Fireflies for a better experience.
FAST_VIEW: friendly atmosphere, tasty food, fast service but can easily break the bank.

pros: every dish was solid, vodka shots were infused with flavor and delight!

cons: every dish was expensive and not particularly outstanding. simply solid. list of items can be overwhelming

getting here before 5 will beat the crowd on a weekend, which is quite large! by the time we left, a mob had formed a line outside. we were surprised.

here's what we ordered: scallops, empanada, eggplant, & a vodka shot which amounted to about $30. that's not too bad if you think about it.

here's the problem: that was probably enough food for a 10 year old. ah he can have a shot, its chocolate, lychee, strawberry infused! delightful!

the scallops were flavorful!! but seriously tasted like 2 and a half scallops. empanada was tasty but you pay a hefty price for ONE, sliced in half so we actually thought there were 2 at first. the eggplant with goat cheese was tasty but also small. i completely understand this is a tapas place and we appreciated the portion sizes actually. my girlfriend and i tend to share every meal, but at $6-$12 a dish, even with our light appetites we would've had to spend $70 to be just full. i imagine the people with normal appetites.

so while this place is tasty, i think i'd only come back for the vodka shots. and i'd like to try those filet mignon sliders yelpers have been raving about. ;)
Great vegetarian food! Had a good time sharing all the tapas with the family. The drinks were very good as well. 

The one fish dish we ordered from the entree (with mango) was pretty bad - recommend you send the dish back to the cook if you aren't happy. 

Overall a pleasant experience - had to leave the strip but it's not that far.
Awesome food!  Will definitely try this again on my next trip to Vegas!
Firefly is one of the best restaurants I have eaten at in Las Vegas! I have been to Spain and had Tapas there. Firefly is the most authentic I have had in the States! Their menu is very extensive. Their lobster stuffed mushroom is simply delightful!
Okay I've been here enough times now to forgive the credit card incident. Each time I've been back to Firefly the service has been as perfect as the food. Firefly is the first place I recommend to friends visiting Vegas since there's a variety of flavors to choose from and the pricing is very fair. Also what's not to like about pitchers of sangria.. 

New favorite must-order dishes:
Ceviche - LOVE this dish. A simple but refreshing combo of cold shrimp, lime, tomatoes, onion, and avocado served with crispy tortilla strips. 
Mango BBQ ribs - Not something I would usually order but the ribs were extremely tender and the sauce was sweet and savory. Also the portion is huge! So good.

Evenings are their busiest times but each time I've been for lunch there's been no wait!
Firefly gets a 5 star for its combination of great menu that is approachable to both vegetarians and meat eaters alike and also for its atmosphere.

Don't miss the gazpacho!
Firefly is my one must visit when I am in Vegas.
Last night was no exception - food was 'stop-the-conversation' ridiculously good.
Bacon wrapped dates - just perfect.
Chorizo and Chicken stuffed mushrooms - amazing
Filet and mushroom skewers - grilled perfectly, just wonderful

And as far as value goes, I have taken 6 people to dinner with plenty of Sangria and Mojitos and walked out for around $50 a person and had clients high-fiving each other.

Go to Firefly, you will not regret it.
Great menu, fast service, nice atmosphere, reasonable prices. This place is always packed, but our wait time was minimal, and once we were seated, service was really good, and really fast without making us feel rushed at all. The food was very good. The only caveat I'd make is that the traditional tapas, especially the empanadas and croquetas are not as good as we had in Spain, but that is being awfully picky. They were some of the best we have had outside of Spain, by far. There are more vegetarian options than average, too. If I go back to Vegas, this is one of only two restaurants I'd bother to revisit, after spending two weeks there in the last 2 years.
Amazing since the late nineties. Still is in 2013.
Been twice, and ready to go my next trip to Vegas. Great selection of small plates, Tapas, always crowded. Food comes fast. Great off the strip happening spot. Good prices.!
FAVORITE RESTAURANT ! This place is a local gem it is the best food and drinks and atmosphere. UNLV even voted it best bar. 

Their sangria is delicious all three flavors so are their mojitos I love the paradise mojito is my favorite it is a pineapple coconut mojito its so tasty. 

The food is phenomenal and delicious I love love love the stuffed dates you can't eat just one order the baby beet salad is great their fries are great so is their steamed mussels and their tres leche cake for dessert is great so is their flan ! Everything I have ever eaten here has been delicious. 

It is also wonderful for happy hour 3 - 6 half off everything and it is always busy it is a good spot for singles to mingle and also a great romantic spot for couples! 

Great atmosphere very spanish sometimes they have a live spanish guitar player and he is wonderful.
wow. this place is SPECTACULAR. exceeded my already high expectations with the insane quality of ingredients, friendly service, unique flavors, and affordable prices. 

to start, the free bread appetizer was delicious. comes with this sweet butter thing. dont know what it is but i want moar
shrimp ceviche came first.. sadly it was way too acidic for my taste and some of the chips were stale. however, the rest of the meal would more than made up for it...

-scallop escargot: perfect texture, GREAT flavor!! so effing delicious!
-mushroom with puff pastry: whatever sauce they used on the mushrooms brought out the flavor of the mushroom PERFECTLY... the light and airy puff pastry was a perfect complement to the stronger but delicious flavor of the mushroom
-lamb chops: so full of flavor and cooked to an exact medium rare as requested... a tiny bit too salty for my taste but delicious nonetheless 
-chocolate tres leches cake: wow. i've only ever had tres leches cake with white cake before but i much prefer the chocolate version. the combo of the chocolate with the milk was the perfect union of sweet desserty flavors. such an amazing way to end the meal 

its a little off the strip but TRUST ME...its worth the short drive/cab ride to check this place out. i actually walked 1.5 mi from planet hollywood and it wasnt that bad albeit kind of a ghetto walk haha. also i hear the sangrias and mojitos are amazing too
This was the first Firefly that I visited and I loved it the first time and I continue to love it to this day! The location on Paradise is great because its close to the strip so if you have visitors in town you should take them off the strip and to this great restaurant! I love sitting out on the patio on summer nights if seats are available. This is my favorite place in Las Vegas to go out to dinner too. I love that it isn't a chain and is one of a kind. Even though their sangria is very popular the mojito is where its at. My favorite mojito is mango although their passion fruit and blueberry are in close second and third. I love that all of their plates are small portions. I love going with a group of friends or family and choosing many plates. That way you can sample much of their menu without getting too full. My favorite chilled tapa on the menu has to be the apple manchango salad. If you haven't tried it yet it is a must! Their petite filet is also a must try! If you are vacationing in Vegas or just a local this is a restaurant you will have to try!
Call me crazy but I'm not that crazy about Firefly. 
The food is mediocre to me and there's only a few things that I enjoy eating there which is the bread and the ceviche. You can't really screw those two up. I know the first time I went there I had the petite filet and I was not impressed at all. And I'm a sucker for filet mignon! It was so bland and just....blah. 
The only thing I absolutely LOVE is their red sangrias! Good Lord have mercy! Only thing I would go there for! As for their food, I'd rather pass.
It was a very nice change from dining on the strip.There were a few menu items that i didnt care too much for like the stuffed dates and lamb sausage, but everything else was great. After eating the rest of the week at casino restaurants we were shocked that our meal with one sangria and dessert was under $50. 


Ask for a sample of the red and white sangria and the waiter will give you almost a free glass worth!
Incredible. Bacon wrapped dates, Mac n cheese, sorrano sliders, crispy duck, ham and cheese crocquetas, ceviche, French fries. Eat it all!
HH (only alcoholic drinks 50% off) @ Mon- Thur 3-6 PM & Fri 3-5 PM

Free appetizer bread, olives & sweet butter so yumny 10pts

Tuna ta tare so yummy; great chips that came on the side 9 pts

Camarones a la diabla bit spicy & sweet 10 pts

Steamed mussels w/red curry...so delicious 11 pts

Mango mojito wasn't too sweet... 9 pts

Pear martini so yumny & perfect  11 pts

Patio area is great for groups =)

Service was great; prompt & friendly.
I just cannot say enough about this place. Do yourself a favor and leave the strip and go find this place. It is not far from the strip, but far enough away that you don't pay ridiculous prices and don't deal with 20 year old obnoxious drunks.
Came here with my wife for Valentines Day and were seated promptly. It was happy hour, so we had the most amazing sangria and cosmo, and a few rounds of them. We also tried their house-made infused vodka, which was really quite something.
The tapas is what makes this place 5 stars, but the wait staff is also extraordinary. Extremely attentive, we never went without drinks, water or anything. Top notch. For tapas we ordered stuffed dates, tomato soup which came with a brie grilled cheese sandwich, veggie empanada, mac and cheese made with manchego cheese, mini filet mignon, herb cheese, roast potato, mushrooms and red wine sauce and shrimp tempura. Keep in mind it is tapas, so although it seems like a ton of food, it was just right. I can't say enough about the food. This meal was the highlight of my trip to Vegas. Intimate, not noisy, some of the best food that I have ever had and great waitstaff. Don't skip this place!
We ate at ramseys steak the night before - here is my 2 star review of that place which i will never eat at again.  The wine list is a bit overpriced - many of our local wines were nearly double in price.  Food service was slow - quoted 45 minutes for meal to be ready (beef Wellington) took close to an hour (we had a show to see -which we informed server - that was 2.5 hours after our reservation time) - don't order Wellington if you have time constraints.  Wellington was nothing special.  Food was good but nothing spectacular.  The price points were high - we had an inexpensive bottle of red and total for 4 was over $400.  The next night we ate at firefly - for 10 people it was nearly $100 cheaper - the food was 10 times better, better service, more variety, better ambiance and overall much better dining experience.  Will never go back to Ramsey's.

Did you catch the point where I compared firefly to Ramsey's?  No comparison - firefly is in our top five favorite places we have eaten.  Our entire group had a wonderful dinner - everything was great - from the rod to service.  We showed up at 630 on a Saturday and were seated right away - and everything was wonderful from there on - our favorite was the scallop escargot - but everything had wonderful flavors - will definitely be stopping here on our next trip to Vegas.
I liked everything that we tried. We had the lamb skewer, Croquetas, empanada, crispy duck roll, fried calamari, dates wrapped in bacon.
The place was nice too, service was good.
Service was great. We had to wait for our table but they quickly took an order from us at the bar for appetizers and drinks. The menu had plenty of choices and the food was excellent! Great atmosphere!
We happened to be lucky enough to have a local with us and she brought us here. It's about a 5 min car ride behind the strip. 

It's tapas. We had two big guys and three gals in our gang. By the end our tab was $118 and we were STUFFED!

We went at about 6 on a Saturday night. There was a 20 min wait so we went to the bar and luckily found 5 seats together. 
We ordered a pitcher a sangria to share. Oh my goodness did that quench our thirst. It was red wine based with fresh fruit. Scrumptious!! We each were able to get 2 glasses-ish. 

The hostess came over and showed us to our seats. We were promptly served water and of course ordered another pitcher. After looking at the menu while at the bar we knew what we wanted for our first round. I must say the stuffed dates ARE A MUST!! I was unsure of them but once I ate one I immediately grabbed a second. (In fact we ended up ordering two more on our second round.) Everything we tried was amazing. They were a tad bit slow clearing the plates buys I think that's because we ate them so fast!! The shrimp ceviche and eggplant cannelloni is also worth a mention. Also the sliders were on point. 

Worth the cab fare.
FLASH FRIED PADRON PEPPERS

We made two stops into Firefly on the most recent Vegas trip. Or was it 3? I had been thinking about Padron peppers for over a year. I've tried to find them around the Bay Area, and I tried the flash fried shisito peppers a couple months ago at Covern's Tavern in Walnut Creek, but it just wasn't the same.

I've only sat on the back patio at Firefly. Since Vegas has good weather most months of the year, and it's shaded for the hotter ones, I prefer this over the dark indoors. Service is usually pretty standard. They get very busy so it can be slow, but it never seems like I've had to wait too long.  Maybe because they serve small plates the food comes out and gets devoured faster. 

On the table after you're seated is place bread with almond butter and a couple of olives. We like to add a plate of fries, a plate of salad, a hot plate of some sort, and of course... my peppers ($5.50). 

The mojitos are great here but a pitcher will run $30 unless you're here during happy hour when it's half off.
The food, the drinks, the ambiance, the staff, the place, the price... oh, how I just love this place! I go here once a week. I love this place! A MUST TRY!
After first dining here several years ago, we were excited to return when we stayed off-the-strip.  It was a busy, hoppin' joint, but we got a nice table right away.  Our server was friendly and efficient.  We had several dishes, which were all so delicious.  The meat was perfectly cooked, the sauces were nice, and the vegetables were fresh.  My only complaint was that it all came out so quickly, I would have rather lingered over small courses.  

We shared a pitcher of sangria, and we sadly could not finish it all, very generous pitcher.  The sangria was stellar, with nice chunks of fruit floating within.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Always great service - quick service, and very friendly and attendant staff.

The only downside is that the wait can be a little long on busy nights and if you have a big group (understandable for any place) but they're very good about getting tables cleaned up to help the next party.

GREAT food. Pretty good sized menu of tapas, and nothing is ever bland. So much flavor to choose from! Whatever your taste it, I'm pretty sure you'd find something that you'd like.

The mojitos are freakin' BOMB. If you like bread pudding, theirs a must-try!

:)
Cheap food and booze? Im in!

Got to love Firefly for many reasons besides the cheap dishes and booze! The atmosphere, people and servers make it all meld together perfectly.

Most dishes here are delicious and the one i was particularly fond of was the lamb chops! Two for about $10?! Amazing! 

Check out my Firefly food pictures among other on my Instagram! @dentalgaymer
My favorite tapas restaurant in Vegas.  The Sangria is to die for and I love the eggplant with goat cheese, beef and mushroom skewers and of course the paella!
I have been here a few times now and it has only gotten better. It is a Spanish Tapas restaurant off of the strip with very sensual red lighting and amazing food. I am a big fan of the chicken skewers and the filet mignon especially. The sauces are amazing!!! The strawberry mojitos are off the charts. Super fresh, there is actually real strawberry in it. I love the lemon berry tarts and mini cheesecake!! Very tasty and the serving size is not huge. There's a super neat fish tank in there too. The service is very good, you are never stranded. Firefly will always have a very special place in my heart for more reasons than one.
The bacon wrapped stuff dates are awesome! More proof that you can wrap most anything in bacon!
Favorite restaurant in a week of great restaurants while visiting Las Vegas for a conference earlier this month! Plan to wait... but the staff is really accommodating and will call you on the phone/ hold your table for a few minutes if you aren't front and center when your name is called. I recommend visiting Kelly's down the way and getting a drink while you wait. So on to other stuff...

This place is super crowded. The menu is not huge but literally everything is great so it's tough to make decisions. Our party of 6 ordered one or two things each and shared in true tapas style. Prawns were a particular hit, as were the skewers. My favorite was the ceviche, which had avocado in it (I don't even like avocado and I still loved it!). I hear the sangria is amazing and I really regret not getting it. I did however order a few desserts to share, and all were  well received. We tried the bread pudding and the dessert platter (cheesecake, tarts, tres leches). The bread pudding was the favorite, as well as the cheesecake.

Enough talk- go eat here!
My boyfriend was feeling an Ibiza themed night. After having a lazy Sunday soaking in the sun at the pool we started to talk about dinner plans.

Now I have been to Firefly on a couple of occasions to mainly grab a small bite at the bar and enjoy their great happy hour special. This was my second full dinner and now I can say it has easily become my go-to spot.

The decor is a fiery spanish inspired theme with lovely paintings of the flamenco dancers draped on the walls. The room is separated into three dining areas, one inside, separated by the bar, one mid point with a glass wall allowing you to peek outside and another just outside with heat lamps to keep it tolerable on the chillier nights. Firefly is festive with spanish music blasting in the background. It's a fun spot and always busy. Great to go alone or to dine in a small group. Reservations are highly recommended, although most times I've been lucky and was sat right away. 

The service is spot on at the tables. The food is quick. The bussers are always cleaning up and the servers - (the best is Juan) are always smiling and ready for any question you have. I would have to say the bartenders need some work because I think they live in their own planet and are too busy chatting with each or checking their phones instead of engaging with the guest (from one bartender to another: that's what a guest looks for when they choose to dine at the bar, especially if they are alone)

Food. Yummy. Great Value. Quality ingredients.

Highly Recommend: Tuna Tartare (some of the best I've ever had and I have it a lot)
Bacon wrapped stuffed dates (very heavy so be in the mood) 
Paella (share, share, & share the goodness.

I also recommend their pitcher of Sangria. It was slightly too sweet this time around but they quickly fixed that by bringing us some fresh cut oranges to balance the sweetness (sorry but we are in the service industry and sometimes we can fix the problem ourselves). Mojito's here are fantastic too.

Another quality find in Vegas! An attestment to its success is the fact that there are three different locations! Tapas I heart you....
The place was jam packed on a Sunday evening at 7:45. We had great service, the bartenders were very attentive and friendly. There was lots of energy and very pleasant atmosphere.  

Try the bacon wrapped dates and dip the free bread in the sauce. Yummy!  Very delicious.  This is a great find for both locals and visitors.
Not bad.  I'll have to admit I don't get the appeal of Tapas, but the food was more than serviceable.  

Major complaint would be how the food came out from the kitchen.  No real rhyme or reason as to how it arrived at our table of 7.
The bacon wrapped dates are awesome! Just order them!
One of my favorite places to eat. Sparkling sangria and the ham & cheese croquetas are my fav.
This place is a hidden gem! Great atmosphere with lovely food. such reasonable pricing for great food. 

Try the scallops and if you order the firefly fries, make sure you are sharing them! the portion is HUGE!
Came here with a group of 7 girls. Thank God we had reservations because there looked to be quite a long line outside. This restaurant is in a strip mall and pretty inconspicuous. 

Its tapas/small plates so we ordered a ton of different things. I'll try to list out all the ones I can remember

Tuna Tartar - Didn't really strike me as Tapas or Spain especially considering the taro chips but it was fresh and tasty.
Ceviche of Shrimp - WOW! So authentic and on point. Me and my friend both said at the same time that the only thing missing was some tapatio! 
Stuffed Dates - Super tasty! The almonds inside give it the right amount of crunch to change up the consistency. 
Tierra & Mar Skewers - Everything was cooked really well (which i didn't really expect since they were all one one skewer). 
Chicken and Chorizzo stuffed mushrooms - bite size with a kick.
Mac and Cheese - so good we had to order 2! Creamy and super tasty!

I am sure there is way more stuff we ordered I just can't remember it and there were  a few things I didn't get to order that sounded good as well.

They also sell mojitos by the PITCHER! The mojitos were good and not too stiff. Service was pretty quick once one plate came out they alls tarted to fill up the table quick. Everyone seemed pretty happy with the food.

The prices are pretty reasonable adn they have something for just about everybody on their menu.
Came to Vegas for a bachelorette party with 7 girls and needed a pre-club dinner location. Firefly came highly recommend by a few locals as a great destination, so we decided to check it out. A few weeks prior to the event, I worked with Regina and Araceli to secure a reservation. Both of these ladies were awesome and extremely quick in their e-mail responses. I had a few  last minute changes to the # of attendees and they were super accommodating. 

In order to secure a Saturday night reservation, we were required to meet a $35 food / beverage minimum per person (not including tax / tip). The restaurant contacted me the morning of to reconfirm and see if there were any changes. When we arrived @ 8:30pm, I checked-in and had to sign an agreement guaranteeing we'd meet the minimum. Once the document was signed we were immediately seated. The line/wait outside looked ridic! I was was glad the reservation process was so seamless. 

The menu is extensive and a little overwhelming. Our waiter was helpful and made a few suggestions of the most popular dishes. I basically told him to start pumping everything out! Once we gave him the green light it felt like the plates never stopped coming:)  I'm allergic to shellfish, so I wasn't able to partake in all of the seafood dishes. Here are a few of my favs: 

Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Dates w/Bleu Cheese: I'm not a huge fan of bacon or dates - however these little things are addictive. The bacon is perfectly cooked with just the right amount of fat and crisp. The Bleu cheese and the smoked almond give it just the right amount sweetness and crunch. I ended up eating about 3 of them - the flavor is pretty rich, I couldn't imagine eating more. lol 

Roast Pork Empanada: You can never go wrong with Empanadas - nice flaky crust - a little on the salty side but still good.  

Stuffed Mushrooms - Chicken and Chorizzo: One of my favorite selections - Delish! 

Mac N Cheese: Cheesy and awesome with a bread crumb-esq crust. Our table polished off the first dish and immediately placed another order. 

Tuna Tartare: Great flavor - fresh and everyone seemed to like it. I literally could have eaten the entire plate by myself. 

Drinks are solid and the Mojito's are pretty damn tasty - we ordered 2 pitchers for the table to share. We also ordered a few other drinks from the bar which were OK. Best bet is to stick to the Mojito's and Sangria (light ice).
Came in from out of town for a work convention, food was good enough to justify going two days in a row. Food was great, portions were very well proportion volume / price. Place is busy and be sure to arrive plenty in advance to get seated since they do not take reservations.
Okay so I totally get why this place is so popular, its cheap, fast and mostly easy aside form the long waits. We've never waited before as we use opentable for a reservations which takes away the hassle of standing around outside and being hounded by panhandlers. Anyways.. service is pretty tight and the dishes come out really fast so if you're looking to relax while you're dining you'll need to let your server know that you are in no rush. 

While perusing the menu we ordered a whole pitcher of their tasty sangria, a must. If you don't like wine they also have a full bar though their beer selection kind of sucks all the same bottles everyone else serves. Very disappointing. 

The menu is pretty huge with a little something for everyone. Our server recommended 2-4 plates per person though we totally over ordered, 4 plates each was a little to much for the 3 of us. Below is the laundry list of dishes we order along with quick comments. 

+Tomato bread is chewy bread topped with tomatoes though the juice of the tomato along with salt and vinegar has soaked into the bread making it really moist and flavorful. Loved it.

-Artichoke toasts.. to be honest I don't even really remember eating these. I guess that would mean they were just alright. 

+Sausage plate was one of my favorites. Thin slices of various cured Spanish sausages along with mustard, pickles, olives etc.. 

+Tuna tartare was huge and for the price a great value. Super fresh tasting with a light seasoning just enough to enhance the flavor of the fish. Winner winner!  
Stuffed dates are addictive and their bacon wrapped version packs a whole lot flavor into one tiny bite.

-Baked tetilla was alright, melted cheese really. There are better things to order.

+Manchego Mac n cheese was pretty good. Nice and gooey with a decent crust. 

-Thai beef salad was the weakest dish. I'd say its more like Thai light as there really wasn't a whole lot of flavor from the beef or the dressing. I wouldn't order this salad again.

+Pulpo asado, grilled octopus, was slightly chewy but had a decent amount of flavor. 

-Chicken and chorizo stuff mushrooms were insanely hot temperature wise, be warned. I thought they were just okay but probably wouldn't order these again either. 

-Ham and cheese croquetas had a good texture but not as tasty as one might imagine.  They needed dipping sauce.

+Filet mignon sliders were pretty good though I wished that they came out hotter. 

+Baby back ribs were pretty awesome, sticky, porky meaty and satisfying. 

So over all a good time with lots of tasty bites. Definitely great for either a light meal or like we had, a serious tapas feast. Be sure to make your reservations ahead of time!
not usually a big fan of tapas since the plates make me feel like a giant, but this place is the perfect place for both locals and tourists alike. that means it can get really crowded! the food is really good; good bold, flavors and well balanced - not overly salty, spicy or sweet. since it gets crowded, it does affect the service, but our server did good job as did our hostess. and since the restaurant is in an outside shopping center, parking can be an issue. but if you're stick of the buffets and high-end hotel restaurants, this is a solid choice.
Came with a group of 6ish while at convention, we shared numerous plates and all left satisfied and happy for around $100 total which is fantastic in Vegas and for being right behind the strip. Ambiance was warm and intimate. There is a bit of a wait, seems to be a popular place, however, a bar is conveniently located a couple doors down which we took advantage of while waiting.  Raved about the place to fellow conference attendees encouraging them to check it out. We had too many dishes to recall, however, we were not disappointed with any of them. Will make it back next time in town.
We wanted the outdoor seating because we were escaping the cold-weather and wanted to enjoy the 75 degree weather.  The street noise was loud and you have a wonderful view of - a parking lot.  If you are thinking 'fine dining' and want the atmosphere to match the qualify of some of the food, the patio may not be for you, and may not be worth the wait.

The stuffed dates were quite good and 'Tierra y mar' was also a highlight among the 10 items we ordered. Our second round/course (the final three items) was forgotten under the heatlamps, so they were terrible really, absolutely ruined the cheese in one of the dishes.

Careful: the servings are small so if you are hungry you will be ordering many of them... and they add up.
I give this place a 5 star for food, but 1 star for service.

 We ordered 4 different tapas, as well as alcoholic beverages. The Sparkling Sangria was nice, lots of fresh fruit inside.  The stuffed dates are a must. Tuna Peppers were quite tasty with just the right amount of spice. The fish sticks were delicious with a nice sauce for dipping.  And the Lamb Skewers were also very good, cooked to perfection. 

 However, once the waiter dropped off our food, he never checked in on us again. I expect a waiter to come by within at least 10 minutes of getting your food.  If he had, we would have ended up ordering another order of the stuffed dates, as well as another round or two of drinks.  But instead, 20 minutes after dropping off our food, we had to flag him down just to get our check.  It was not busy inside at all, so there was really no excuse for such crap service.  He had 0 personality, which was surprising considering his very exciting hair. 

But like I said, the food was amazing, but our waiter ruined the whole experience.  I would come back, as long as I don't have him again.
Dear Firefly: I love you. 

This is my boyfriend and I's go to place for date night. Their sangria is so good, especially the white sangria. Embarrassingly enough, my favorite part of coming to Firefly is their bread and almond butter. Delicious!!

Some of my favorite tapas here are: 

SMOKED SALMON TOASTS $7
Brioche toast, dill sour cream, pickled red onion, capers. I always ask for a side of lemon with this too.

FIREFLY FISH STICKS $6.50
Tilapia, Japanese breadcrumbs, spicy tartar sauce

BABYBACK RIBS $9.50
Mango BBQ sauce

LAMB CHOPS $8.50
Red wine reduction, sauted lentils, julienne vegetables

PETIT FILET $10
Mini filet mignon, herb cheese, roast potato, mushrooms, red wine sauce

And my boyfriend's ultimate favorites:

STUFFED PEPPERS $7
Spanish piquillo peppers, fresh mozzarella, garlic cream cheese, tomato sauce

TIERRA Y MAR SKEWERS $10
Grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde

We have also tried the firefly fries, manchego mac 'n' cheese, ham and cheese croquetas, and crispy duck roll. All good, but not our favorites.

4 stars because the service is hit or miss. We are either completely forgotten and have to flag down our waiter, or are very well taken care of.
This place is fantastic!

Do yourself a favor and reserve a table ahead of time.
I went on a Wednesday night and there was a 30 minute wait. I can only assume this place is packed every night. Luckily, since I had reserved a table I was seated right away.

Pretty loud and super casual, lots of great menu options.
I'll definitely be back the next time i'm in Vegas.
This place is always packed so I recommend making a reservation. Although its worth the wait if you don't make one too. Their red sangria is so good! But i also like the white, it's refreshing on a warm Vegas day. My fave tapas are the bacon wrapped dates and the tuna peppers, gotta try them if you go!
Very good! Tuna tar tar, shrimp civechi, Lamb chops, and mushrooms! Everything was fantastic!
I love it here!  Great concept.  Small plates and priced reasonably. 

We looked at the pics that other Yelpers had graciously posted and began our tasting session...  My party of 5 loved everything we ordered.  I recommend you try their paella!

Firefly is on a short list of restaurants in Vegas where I will definitely return for repeat visits.

Deservedly so, Firefly was a Reader's Choice selection in the BestofVegas.com awards for 2013.
Bacon Wrapped Dates!!!! Magic in ones mouth! Lamb Chops are also amazing, actually everything on the menu is amazing. You have to go with a group because you have to order most of the menu and have a bite of everything!
This is truely a fantastic place.  The tapas are outstanding, the wine reasonbly priced.  What has always amazed me is the variety of tapas they offer.  I am always thankful when I am staying up the street at a convention center hotel so that I can walk a few blocks to hit up this gem.  Unfortunately, it seems to ALWAYS be crowded - but that is justifiable if you read the ratings.  Even though I am staying further out this next trip I am going to gladly make the drive to get dinner there.  Almost always room for a single traveler at the bar.

This is one of the best */$ values in Las Vegas.
See those 2 stars up there? They serve as a reminder that no matter how good your food is, if the service blows then you've lost me as a customer forever. 

Came here mid-afternoon on a Tuesday, when it was lively but not exactly crowded. 

Our waiter, a diminutive Mexican with a thick accent and leopard mohawk which belied personality, came by to take our drink orders. I went with a traditional mojito and my gf got a sangria. 

Once they were dropped off, he came back to take our food order. We wanted to sample a lot, so I ordered the bacon wrapped dates, tuna peppers, lamb skewers, and fish sticks. 

Man, everything was awesome!

My mojito was perfectly prepared. The bacon wrapped dates are astoundingly good. They're small, but each one packs a serious flavor punch. Tuna peppers were light & refreshing, with a slight kick. The fish sticks had a tasty sauce accompany them, but otherwise I wasn't overly impressed. But the lamb skewers rocked, and they came with a side of... ah, geez... it was either couscous or quinoa. It was great. 

Everything was so great, in fact, that we were dying to order more. But our waiter was MIA. I scanned the place for him - nada. The few times I did see him, he showcased his learned skills in the art of "how to not make eye contact with customers". After around 10-15 of this shtick, I gave up. 

Finally, I flagged down a busboy and asked for the check. 

Then our waiter magically appears with the check and asks me if I want dessert. 

You're joking, right? I told him no and handed him my card, since I didn't feel like waiting to see when he'd show up to collect my payment. He returned it quickly with a muttered "thank you" that sounded like someone forced him at gunpoint to say it. 

I gave him around a 6% tip, which my dad later told me should've been ZERO. Per his wisdom, a low tip only makes you look cheap, but no tip says "fuck you, you suck". 

Should've gone zero. 

I might return here - the food was so damn good I could make my mouth water just thinking about it, but the shit service had me so hopping mad after we finished that I couldn't wait to jet out of there. 

If you're a manager, tell the mohawked server to grow a personality commensurate with his hairstyle. You lost more of my money because of him, and I've got a sneaking suspicion I'm not the only one.
Perfect place for tapas!   This appears to be a locals favorite, and I can see why after our visit.  Fun place to sample several moderately priced tapas that are all VERY VERY good + some mighty tasty Sangria.  Superb service.  Added bonus -  B tribe blasting from the speakers!
Food was excellent. Had to wait at times for the waitress. Overall fantastic experience. Good ambiance. A little loud, part of the charm.
2 stars for this location, 4 stars for other locations. Fireflies is the best tapas place but service, portion and quality do vary between locations.
Summerlin has the best vibe, great portions, good service, Anthem has great service, decent portions and beautiful view. This Paradise location's service ranks last. Our server did not bother to check on us once, refill a water glass or even come around to bring us the bill. The bacon stuffed dates came out with raw fatty bacon, we had to flag down the server & ask him to please cook them more. He came back with burnt black bacon :/ Fortunately we had a very nice buser that did all the work and helped salvage our experience. The artichoke toasts were on crouton sized toast and hardly any garlic sauce, the tuna tartare taro chips were hard & undercooked. And pasta was drowning in tomato paste. Sad how poor management can ruin a location. I think this location was also featured on one of those restaurant stakeout episodes and didn't do too well. Guess they didn't learn much from that experience.
Best tapas place I've been to. Was recommended by a friend who lives in Vegas. Sangria smooth and tapas so good. Can't wait to go again
Great place- food was excellent, for the most part. Favorites were the Ahi Tuna skewer, lamb skewer, and chorizo stuffed mushrooms and stuffed dates. Also loved the bread pudding and chocolate tres leches for dessert. Service was also great. Only complaint is the nose level was quite high. Otherwise a great place.
Got a mojito pitcher with my girls for happy hour and had a great time!

From what I can remember everything was so tasty and the waiters were hilarious. Don't know if it was the drunkeness or if everything was really that great! I vaguely remember something made with bacon and dates that was amazing. I don't even like bacon like that.

I think this has to be my most useless review ever but this place definitely gets 5 stars. :) food, drinks, service, ambiance, all were great. Next time I'm in Vegas I need to take better notes when I'm here.

I wish there was one of these in LA. I'd be there everyday with a mojito pitcher . Lol alcoholic...
We tried to get a reservation but they were booked, but we decided to try our luck at the door. We waited a good half hour, but it was totally worth it!

We started with a pitcher of their red sangria. $28 and two of us couldn't finish it, and we love Sangria! They marinate it for 3 days and it's delicious, full of apples but not too sweet. Great bargain, easily good for 3 people!

We ordered a variety of plates, all of which were reasonably priced and delicious!

Apple and Manchego Salad - $4.00. Really different, with tiny strips of apples and manchego cheese, with a light dressing and a hint of almonds. Not like anything else I've ever had. 5 stars!

Tuna Tartare - $8.00. A nice portion with an unusual taste. I found it light and pleasant, and I normally don't enjoy any type of raw fish at all. 5 stars.

Mushroom Tart - $7.50. Light pastry with mushrooms and boursin cheese and some sort of sauce that was delightful. Thoroughly enjoyed. 4 stars.

Baked Tetilla - $8.00. A cheese fondue type dish with tomoatoes and toast. It was good, although probably my least favorite dish of the night. Nothing special, but certainly not bad. 4 stars.

Ham & Cheese Croquettas - $5.00. 3 small but delicious croquettas that we totally inhaled. Absolutely a must! 5 stars.

Steak & Mushroom Skewers - $8.50. Absolutely heavenly. Tender steak, huge mushrooms, and an amazing creamy red wine sauce that just melted in your mouth. AWESOME! 5 stars.

Dessert Platter - $12.00. We had flan, passion fruit cheesecake, chocolate tres leches and lemon-berry tarts. The flan was delightful--light and caramely and flavorful. The passion fruit cheesecake was really different, a hint of the fruit and lots of cream! chocolate tres leches is definitely not my thing, although my dining partner liked it--I thought the chocolate took away from the dish (least favorite thing I ate all night). Lemon-berry tarts were wonderful! Light and tart and creamy! good value!

We heard about this place from a waiter on the STrip who said this is where locals eat--you need to eat here!
4 1/2 stars. Came here about 8pm on a Sunday night. There were a handful of people waiting and although the hostess said it'd be a 20-25 min wait for our party of two, we got seated in 10 min! Several different dining areas- outside, the main inside, and another inside dining area adjacent to the main one accessible from a separate entrance. The interior was nice and somewhat dark, good for a date or even a large party.  
The mojito i ordered was really really good! I could've easily downed several although I kept it to one. I tried the red sangria which was good too but very light, almost watered down. We tried several of the waiter's suggestions- the stuffed dates (SOOO good), and the Tierra y mar (Shrimp, filet, sausage skewers) which was also good but not to die for.  The Tuna tartare was really really good! But the Grilled octopus was not what I expected. But I prefer raw over cooked octopus and I had the whole plate to myself which was even more unpalatable. The Petite filet was very good and the Fish sticks were so good and crunchy and meaty n tender on the inside. 6 tapas and the 2 drinks for $65. I would definitely return.
I eaten at this firefly 3 times and still don't really understand the buzz over it.  All the food items i've tried are very decent tasting.  But i'd say the portions are too small in relation to the prices.  I would need to spend about 50 or 60 bucks to satisfy my appetite here.  I do love the outside deck and eating/drinking in the fresh springtime weather.  I'd recommend this place for drinks and snacks or if you want a small meal.
The locals and tourists love this place.You can be sure it will be jumpin on Friday/Saturday evenings, The House drink is Sangria, red or white marinated and thirst quenching, then they have more tapas than you can count, but the fave for me was the dates filled with Blue cheese and a smoked almond wrapped in bacon. There are warm and cold dishes, I would avoid the more expensive $ 10 meat and seafood dishes, they mostly did not live up to expectations. The simple dishes worked best for us. Service is average friendly but frenzied, drinks are made well if a bit small. This is a great place for groups or couples , not so much for singles though.There is an outdoor patio too. We saw at least 3 groups of 8 or more. You will have a authentic local experience here. It's a great place to start or end your evening. When you are done, in the same little mall is the Havana Cigar bar, you can stroll in for a nightcap and some live local entertainment.
Delicious! And, despite other reviews complaining about the service, our server seemed stressed, but was still friendly and attentive.
We had the delicious bacon wrapped dates, lamb skewers, surf and turf skewers, veggie empanadas (amazing!), salmon toasts, steak salad (surprisingly, one of my favorites. The steak was tender and cooked to perfection, and complemented the salad very well). My mom had a sangria, which was very nice. I admit I stole a few (or more) sips! All in all, we ended up getting just enough food for 4 people, and left totally satisfied by all the flavors and textures, without being "vegas buffet stuffed".
OMG!!!!!!!!!! Could this restaurant be in Portland please!!!!! I guess I would be in some serious trouble if it was!

My friend who is a regular took us here for lunch on my last day in Vegas, I could have seriously eaten there  every day! 

We had several plates...two different steak skewers-steak and mushroom and one with a green sauce, the figs (could have had these keep coming), croquettas-ham and cheese and meatballs. It was all amazing!!!!!!!!! Even the bread and almond butter you get when you sit down.

We all had a different mojioto- blood orange, raspberry, and mango! All yummy!

My only complaint is that it isn't in Portland, Oregon.

So do you deliver? ;)
Food was ok. Pallea had shell fish that wasn't properly cleaned...got a bit of sand and one of the giant shrimps still had most of its vein...yucky. The service and callamary was great. Red sangria was great also!
Aside from Jaleo, this is another amazing place for tapas. Unlike Jaleo however, this place is more casual (scratch that, VERY casual) thus the price is also lower. I still prefer Jaleo due to the distance and the ratio of GREAT dishes vs  GOOD dishes is slightly higher at Jaleo's. However, I will be back for the spicy prawns dish which was divine!!
our servers name was carlos he was really nice, it was my first time! really like the calamari and the shrimp tempura :) NEED TO TRY MORE! prob going next week
Hmm...I'm not sure where to begin here. 

Let's try some sandwich management (no pun intended) - positive, negative, positive.

Positive - The food was great and so were the prices.  I'd say the pricing for the quality and portion size of food was really right on.  Had the Pulpo Asado (octopus), Filet Sliders, Podrano Peppers, and a few other things - all great.  

Negative - The sangria is SUPER overrated.  My boyfriend and I had almost pitchers and we were stone cold sober afterwards.  It was just a LOT of juice and not much else...not impressed, especially for an "authentic" tapas place.  I should also mention that in general, I really love Sangria, so this was a big disappointment.  Also - the bacon-wrapped dates? I mean, they were good, but not amazing - I've had better.

Positive - The bartender was super sweet and I really liked the vibe.


I'll definitely be back, but next time, no sangria.
Pretty darn good Tapas place in Vegas. The boyfriend and I arrived in Vegas around noon on a Tuesday and decided to have lunch here. There was no wait and we were seated. 

A few of what we had: 
Passion Fruit Mojito: I looooove passion fruit mojitos and Firefly makes pretty good passion fruit mojitos. Blood orange mojito is also good but I prefer passion fruit.
Patatas Bravas- potatoes with spicy aioli. Pretty good. I'm a potato lover and I've bad better BUT for this restaurant, I'll definitely order it again.
Firefly Fries- I'd skip on this next time and order the patatas bravas instead. 
Camarones al ajillo- shrimp with lemon garlic butter. Loved this dish that I ordered two. I'm a shrimp lover and this wasn't THE BEST shrimp I've ever had but its pretty darn close.
Stuffed Dates- boyfriend ordered this and he loved it.
Empanada- boyfriend also ordered this and he looooved it.

Since this restaurant is tapas, small plates = must buy more. Which really means buy everything hahaha. We ended up ordering more than we needed to and when we do go back (we most likely will), we will probably order what I had stated above (we actually had tons more but they weren't worth mentioning). I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
FOOD POISONING

I hate to be the bearer of bad news, especially after being a huge fan of this place. But 3 out of 4 people in our dinner party Tuesday night ate the hamburger sliders. My fiance..who has an iron stomach had a little stomach ache Wednesday night, but my friend and I at about 2 am both were doubled over in severe pain and I finally went to urgent care. All symptoms I have been experiencing point to E Coli...if I am wrong on that its still definitely food poisoning bad enough I was put on antibiotics and told not to return to work until Monday (I work in a kitchen and its health code) besides I barely still have enough energy to walk my dog let alone work. I have lost 600.00 in wages due to this and been completely miserable. I called the restaurant and they were very apologetic and tried to be accomodating saying they would take care of us the next time we came in...but I am still out basically a whole months rent because one of their cooks didn't abide by proper cooking procedures and health codes. I am worried how many other people are sick from them this week and IF Firefly did in fact take the sliders off the menu until they could investigate the situation as they told me. Please contact me if you see this and were also hit with a case of food poisoning or better yet contact the health department. If FIREFLY is resolving their situation and fixing this then they wont have a problem with the health department. But if they disregard this issue then more people could be at danger which is why they must be contacted. More than 2 cases of food poisoning from the same item on the same day is considered an outbreak...I have 3 cases already. Lets protect our tourists so they want to come back. I promise that if I find out they have fixed and followed proper procedure I will update my yelp and encourage people to go back but for now I just cant.
I love Firlefly.. however I must say that I love the one in Summerlin much more.  This location is to small.  I feel almost claustrophobic .
I dined with a friend visiting from London  on 04//22 from around 8-10pm

we ate

fried calamari
patatas bravas
TIERRA Y MAR skewers
lamb skewers
crispy duck roll
Serrano sliders (on website menu as Fillet Mignon Sliders)

I am still recovering, but the worst of it was 04/24-04/27

My friend, flew back to the UK 04/23  and has been in hospital since 04/26  and still has sever symptoms.

This is terrible.

All the best to everyone still recovering.
1300+ reviews don't lie. This place is quite delicious. 

Why the one star? Because I ate here on Tuesday 4/23 and started having food poisoning symptoms two days later. It's been five days and I'm still in pain and have lost 13 pounds due to so much water loss. I had to visit the ER yesterday for dehydration. After multiple complaints from other patrons, Firefly was shut down today for a health inspection. 

However, this is not the first time I became ill after eating here. A couple years ago, I had their fish sticks and started violently vomiting soon after. After some time, I decided to give this place another chance. Everything was good...until now. 

It's such a shame because Firefly has delicious tapas and drinks. This was my go-to place for a long time. But apparently staff members aren't keeping clean and washing their hands or they're not handling their food properly.

I've already given this place a second chance. A third chance? I highly doubt it. Eat here at your own risk.
I ate there on April 25, the day before the board of health shut it down for 3 dozen cases of food poisoning. I choose firefly based on the comments on Yelp. From NY, and now back home and suffering from food poisoning from their cheap and bad food. Be warned, if they open again. What happens in Vegas does not stay there.
I type this in my hospital bed so I'm sure you know where I'm going with this. I as ate here 4/23/12 with about 5 other friends from out of town to show off how amazing this place is. And it was another great dining experience.... 

72 hours later or less and I'm in a state of what seems to be nearing death.  And it seemed none of my friends were affected but they were/are. I just happened to get it the worst!! 

I've been a firefly customer for 5 years! Never have I gone through anything like this. I may never come back and never recommend this particular firefly to
Anyone or anyone coming to visit Las Vegas... I'm still in shock this has happened.  Most expensive dining experience ever. Thanks a lot.


*** also this was no food poisoning I got for all you dim witted fools that think otherwise. Salmonella feels like and is (currently) Hell. 



SALMONELLA
Well....I can tell you this...I have never eaten at this place...but was looking forward to.  As you know if you are staying in Vegas (i.e. not from Vegas)...and venture off the strip is somewhat cumbersome...even if only a few miles away.  Thankfully we had a car and didn't pay taxi fare.  Shame on me for not calling ahead for reservations...but we did go on the site 2-3 time when deciding on where to eat and this place had NO MENTION that they were going to be randomly closed for the night... a SATURDAY NO LESS (4/27/13)????  WTF?  Obviously this isn't a case of dumb ass tourists either as we were there around 8PM for 10 minutes and no less than half a dozen other cars (with Nevada plates) drove up with the same reaction.  It is close to the strip...though on the other side from where we were staying...but seriously guys...Yelpers seem to love you...but POST ON YOUR SITE IF YOU"RE CLOSED....dont leave a 8 1/2 by 11 sheet outside your business saying you're sorry but will be closed today!
I got Salmonella poisoning from here. We ate there last Wednesday 4/23/13. Thought this was a nice place. Went to VegAs for my birthday and had dinner with 6 of my friends and every one of us got salmonella poisoning. One of my friends was hospitalized for 5 days. Ruined my trip, my birthday and now I can't pay rent because I've had to call into work the last 5 days. Thanks a lot I will never ever go here again.
WOW!  This place was very good.  I got the paella and really enjoyed.  I also liked the mussels.  The atmosphere was great and the service was excellent.  This was trul
Vegas peeps who are paying way too much for subpar food on the strip, this is the place you need to come.  Great food from a chef who helped start mon ami gabi.  Tapas were fantastic as was the sangria, which they marinate for three days to really meld the flavors.  Its not really walkable from anywhere but it isn't a far cab ride either.

Edit: Although this was posted on 5/5, I ate there a few months ago...looks like they are having sanitation problems and were/are temporarily closed http://tinyurl.com/bvdtw74
Their Sangria was amazing! I tasted both the red and the white Sangria and it is the best that I have had by far. Get a pitcher, it is only $28 and worth every dollar.

Now with the food: I had the tuna tartare, bacon-wrapped stuffed dates, ceviche, sliders, and manchego mac n' cheese. EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS. 

The highlights: The tuna tasted a bit like hawaiian poke with avocado and it paired perfectly with the taro chips, I ordered 2 of these plates (they were that good). Everyone talks about the stuffed dates, and they are amazing; perfect blend between savory and sweet with a nice blue cheese kick. The mac n' cheese was so creamy and was not overwhelmingly rich.

Firefly has such a high rating for a reason!
Bring 8 people and order one of everything on the menu, I have....you will not be disappointed. Get in early or make a reservation.
with the recent salmonella outbreak i don't know if i will ever go back ... i didn't find the little bit of food i did try to be very good anyhow... sorry just not a big fan ... their mojitos aren't bad
Never Again!

This was a place that we made a point of going to every time we were in Vegas, as we've always enjoyed their tapas and blood orange mojitos.  Then we ate there on 4/23/12 and were among the 200+ people impacted by salmonella poisoning due to the fact that these morons don't know how to store food, prep food and wash their hands (see the 5 page, 44 point violation report filed by the Southern Nevada Health District).

As to the other reviewers saying that it is closed for renovations, they are misinformed.  This place was not closed for "renovations".  It was closed for making over 200 people violently ill.  If they do reopen (and I seriously hope they don't), avoid this place at all costs.  The violations show a complete lack of control from management and this place does not deserve your business.  There are way too many great places to eat in Vegas that actually know how to properly store meat.

Thanks for the week of vomiting, dehydration and pissing out of my a** Firefly!
Food was quite good here, service was ok but nothing special. We got stuck in the drafty porch corner and seemed to get overlooked by servers a lot so it took awhile to get drinks. I'd give it another shot though next time i'm in Las Vegas.
Didn't review when I ate there and felt ill. Who knows? I might have been sliding downhill before I went to dinner...so I didn't want to unfairly hang it on them. But now...hmmm. I am sure they will undergo a thorough review before they reopen.
A local suggested this to me and I can see why!  I loved this place and I will be back next time I am in Vegas.  I was seated right away.  The waiter suggested the stuffed dates.  I was a little leary, but they were awesome!  Everything else was delicious and the prices cannot be beat.  Service was excellent too.  Watch out for the Sangria - delicious, but it sneaks up on you :)
Closed by Health Department because of salmonella outbreak.
My wife is pregnant and we were on our babymoon in Vegas for a week. We had a great time and I thoroughly enjoyed the food, but I need to give this a 1 start given that if we had eaten a week later, this salmonella outbreak could have caused immeasurable harm to our child.
Located in a strip mall.. We visited the Firefly for my sister's Bachelorette dinner before hittin the town.. good thing we had reservations because this place was packed.   Good SIGN!

Their specialty here is tapas/small plates so we ordered a bunch of different items recommended by the waitress and just shared everything.  They have so many different items to please any palette.  They also serve nice yummy mojitos by the pitcher. Needless to say that was a hit with the entire group!  

Items ordered:  Ceviche Shrimp, Bacon Wrapped Dates, Empanadas, Tuna Tartar, Mac & Cheese, Chicken & Chorizo Mushrooms and a few other items.  Everything was pretty tasty especially my favorite mac & cheese.  We had to get double of that!

Everyone was pleased with the meal and got their fill... ready for a night on the town!
Outstanding!!! Service excellent. Food excellent. 
Had a Mojito pitcher, paella, filet mignon sliders, stuffed mushrooms, bacon wrapped dates, and a bunch of others. All the food was great, and reasonably priced! Must visit when in Vegas!
The sliders are delicious, but ask them to please hold the Salmonella
This place used to be one of my favorites! But guess what? I was one of the lucky ones who got food poisoning. Obviously, I will never go back to this place or their sister restaurants, the way I felt for a week is not worth the risk. I was there with a friend and we had their sparkling sangria, rib eye steak with fries, stuffed dates, apple and manchego salad and mussels with chorizo.  Their service was great and their food taste as their usual, but unfortunately one day later I ended up getting salmonella. I was at a volunteer event when my symptoms started, I actually had to leave the place and go home because I could not even walk straight.  The diarrhea started when I got home and then the abdominal cramping came, it was as if I were a girl in my period. Gals, I know what you go through and I feel ya! I wish I could recommend this place, but my advice is: EAT THERE AT YOUR OWN RISK!
We came to Firefly to celebrate my fiance's birthday while on a one-night trip to Vegas.  It was my first time at this type of restaurant.  We started off with the sparking sangria, and proceeded to order half of the menu to share among 4 people.  The food was great, but service was a bit slow.  The server didn't offer any recommendations, which seemed odd since the menu is long, and it's a popular place.

Unfortunately, 50% of our party came down with salmonella poisoning a day later.  My fiance was very ill for 10 days and lost over 14 pounds.  I was lucky, and didn't get sick.  We aren't sure why, but I didn't have any of the seafood dishes, so perhaps it was something there.  

The food was great, so it's disappointing that their standard of cleanliness with their food preparation is so low.
Reviews were great and Firefly didn't disappoint.  Everything we tried was fantastic. Loud but lively atmosphere. Wait was close to an hour but we spent the wait at the nearby cigar bar.  
Must try!!
I ate at Firefly during all this hoopla of salmonella. Before everyone gets up in arms and judgey about my liking this place so much, I don't care. Humans are disgusting animals, and sometimes careless animals who let their food go bad. Whoops! Since I have lived in Vegas, I have been wanting to try this place. I'm proud to report that I did--also super proud that I didn't get sick off this place. Nothing short of a fantastic meal was had by me--even if others did not, sadly.

My mom and I ordered five or six small plates. The standouts were manchego mac and cheese (super bomb, I would eat this in a sandwich or on top of a pizza), the bacon wrapped dates (blue cheese to die for) and the mushroom tarte (I'm so sad I spent so much of my life hating mushrooms. They're delicious!). I would order of these again. Not so much on the duck confit egg roll--it was weird and the sauce was too sweet. 

The service was attentive as could be--the place was packed on a Thursday night at 9pm. The reviews and the patronage don't lie--this place is good. Sucks that they were careless enough to not look for salmonella on the eve of their relocation. 

I hope that Firefly can recover from this really, really bad PR. I've said it before--I'm going back and I look forward to seeing how they change it up!
This place has really gone down hill, I hope they reopen with a better quality and brand.
I ate here twice while visiting Las Vegas in Spring 2013 at the recommendation of my friends who live locally. I enjoyed the food and drinks. But when I went to post my review, I read about the food poisoning incident which closed the place. So i downgraded my rating from a 4 star to 3 star. I hope they find the source of the salmonella and correct the problem. Not good.
Had dinner recently at the newly re-opened Firefly on Paradise. The restaurant was spotless. The new bathrooms were bigger and clean, Food was excellent. They added 2 new items, would have loved a few more new bites but the spicy chicken empanadas were yummy. The mussels are still my absolute fav and the mushroom tart was delicious!!! Honestly, right now and for the next year at least... it's probably the safest and cleanest resturaunt in Vegas. Highly recommend to all!!!
Wow. Service is fantastic.  Food is so fun and delicious.  Tapas satisfy all desires.
I went to eat here with a few friends. I love tapas and this place had a great selection and atmosphere. I loved the bacon wrapped dates and the caramel flan the best! The flan was so good,we ordered another. Definitely want to eat there again when I visit Vegas next time.
I asked a friend to take me to somewhere the locals go - I was tired of eating in the casinos, and this is where they brought me.

Just off the strip. Great, flavorful tapas.  Pitchers of Sangria.  This place is great.  Chorizo and Clams, and Bacon wrapped Dates are two of the dishes we had, that I will remember for a long long time...

I look forward to coming back...
My wife was one of the victims of the salmonella poisoning and has been in  and out of the hospitalized twice and now we are in the emergency room for the second time. In addition to the poisoning she also came down with C Diff!  The owners only care about their reputation and not about the 300 people they made sick and how this has affected our lives. So MAD they they opened up this restaurant again!!  DON'T EAT HERE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!
Ate here on Saturday for my sister's bachelorette. The place looks pretty swanky with these crazy red chandeliers, perfect for a bachelorette party! There was even a wedding reception going on in one of the rooms. When we arrived, we decided to split up the orders for our table of 8 into 4 and 4 so it would be easier to eat and share the plates. After ordering, the manager? came up and asked us if we wanted to order off the menu or the package menu (all you can eat/drink for $55/pp). We stuck with our order, but she still offered us a round of shots, strawberry vodka with cranberry for the girls and a blow job shot for the bride. Awesome!! Then another guy came up to the table and asked the bride if he could fill the champagne flute that she brought with her from the hotel, of course she accepted... free alcohol. He brought over a mini bottle of champagne (which unfortunately might have gone bad already) still Awesome. Overall food was great. I totally recommend the mushroom tarts and the chicken and mushroom paella was pretty good too. Overall if you are celebrating something, esp a bachelorette, this is a great place to go.
Saba Man and I stopped in here while on a recent visit to Las Vegas.  The. Best. 

Small plates that don't disappoint;  boasts international flavors along with more familiar fare. 

A short distance off the strip but well worth it.

*posted photos of some of our order  the ahi poke, empanadas , dessert
Remember your first crush? The one you had as a kid and you fondly look back on it with nothing but good memories? Well Firefly is that to me. This is the place that introduced me to the world of tapas. Years have passed since my first trip here and I have consumed and experienced my fair share of tapas around the world. Some better and some worse than Firefly, but there will always be a little love for the place that started it all. I try to visit once every time I am in Vegas but with the popularity of tapas and small plate restaurants in general growing, there are now incredible tapas restaurants all over the country and the absolute high regard I had for the food here isnt there anymore. 
Unfortunately this location was recently shut down due to a Salmonella outbreak. We actually dined there in early March and luckily didnt get sick. I hope they get their stuff together and open up again since this was one of the most popular restaurants in town.
Food poisoning.  You know its bad when you call the restaurant to complain, and the board of health calls you back.
We ordered Mac n' cheese, empanadas and Serrano Sliders. ALL of it was amazing. Our service was top grade. Our waiter was extremely helpful and all smiles. The busboy was on top of everything. Drinks were re-filled even before they were empty, trash and plates were cleared in a matter of seconds. AMAZING place. I'd highly recommend it and would definitely make my way back again when I'm in town.
Love love their Sangria and tapas. 

The place is the go to when you come to Vegas.

I have been coming here almost every time I'm in Vegas and have yet to get disappointed. Wait time can be insane but its will worth the wait. Perfect environment to mingle, bring a date, have a girls night out or anything you can think of.

The last time I came here was last year, Yes - VERY late review but always better late than never. Been craving for their jambalaya and sangria, not to mention I will be purchasing my flight to go satisfy that craving - crossing fingers its still just as good as I remembered.
Absolutely LOVE this place. Fabulous food, fabulous service and fabulous ambiance. Tasty sangria drinks, the white sangria was especially good because it wasn't too sweet. Ordered the crispy duck, surf and turf skewerers, camarones all ajillo, bacon wrapped dates, ahi tuna with mango, ham and cheese croquettes and every single tapas dish was delightful! Only complaint is that it was a bit dark in the restaurant so we couldn't really see what we were eating.
Amazing tapas!! The filet mignon sliders are extremely tender and perfectly cooked; I could eat 100 of them
I was brought here by my friends who are locals. This is hands down some of the best food I've ever had! Everyone must try this place. It's about one mile off the strip, so everyone should be able to reach it.

I have traveled around Spain and also regularly eat at Spanish restaurants across Southern California, and I have to say, I expected to find the typically understated and demure, simple and clean tapas I'm used to. Not So! This is bold and flavorful. It's Innovative, it's creative, it's Spanish fusion.

The Food Style:
This is gourmet at at an affordable price. IMHO the chef is a genius. Each small tapas plate is unique and individual, no two dishes are the same. Again, they are flavorful and bold, never bland. They display complex and contrasting flavors that are complimentary and blend seamlessly together to form a cohesive unit. Because each tapas plate is a small bite, the three of us were able to try 9 plates + 3 free bread and olive plates (The honey-almond-butter is amazing). This meal was like an amusement park for the taste buds.

I don't eat much meat, so we stuck to seafood and vegetable dishes. It's great for vegetarians.

My Favs (all 5 stars): The stuffed peppers, the roasted eggplant cannelloni, the manchego mac 'n' cheese, grilled scallops with saffron potato puree, and steamed mussels (incredible sauce). They give you as much free bread with honey-almond-butter and olives as you want. My friends raved about the bacon-wrapped stuffed dates, which are arguably the most popular item on the menu (I don't eat bacon).

Others (4 stars): Tortilla espaniola, patatas bravas (great brava sauce).


To Drink: A pitcher of Red Sangria. This is the real deal and very very tasty. It tastes like a fruity Merlot, not like some frou-frou fake sangria cocktail you get at chain restaurant.

NOTE: some tapas are better than others, but you have to be adventurous and start trying. Use the tips above. The only one I wouldn't order again was the seared ahi tuna skewers. They didn't have much flavor and the texture a little too tough to chew.

Ambience: somewhat dark and intimate, warm decor, comfy booths. 

Service: Excellent. very friendly and attentive. They easily accommodate special requests.

Prices: $35 per person after tip per person for 9 plates and a big pitcher of sangria, and we were all STUFFED. 

PROS: The Amazing Gourmet Food; great for vegetarians; affordable prices; delicious sangria; comfy booths;  great service too; close to the Strip (about 1 mile)

CONS: NONE

BOTTOM LINE: Come here, or you're missing out! I would consider driving back to Vegas from LA to eat here.
Love this place. Good food, fun atmosphere.
Firefly never disappoints! Great food (stuffed dates, apple manchago salad and of course sangria are always a must-order) and even their olive and bread starter has that delicious sweet/tangy butter. Great for a first date or friends from work! Love the decor and the ambiance.  Service could be better, a couple times I've gone I felt like I waited forever for the server to come and ask if we wanted to order anything else.  And aside from all the negative comments and health history, I've always found Firefly to be delicious and I have full faith that they revamped their standards!
I'm a huge fan of tapas & this is one of my favorite restaurants ever. My only complaints are it's a little loud & crowded.
Fool me once? Shame on you. Fool me twice (and make me barf)? 

So I decided to give this place another chance back on my friend's birthday. The food ranged from really good (the bacon--wrapped figs) to meh. The service was as snooty as I remembered it. But the 1-star (I'd give it zero if I could) is for the FOOD POISONING I got from this dump that had me hurling for two days straight. This was about a month or so before Salmonella-Gate last year, which certainly explains a lot. 

I will never understand the amount of hype and praise this restaurant gets from foodies in this town.
Amazing food at inexpensive prices.
Consistently great quality.... Especially love the one on Paradise! Great selection of tapas and awesome sparkling sangria!
Absolutely love this place! I've been to all of their locations including the new Taco & Beer place and I have always gotten great service, and even better food and drinks! You HAVE to try the lamb. I usually don't care for lamb but LOVE theirs. It's a perfect place to go before or after you hit the strip for your night out. Maybe they've gotten some bad press but considering that I've taking my family and friends there with me for two years and never experienced anything bad I have to say theirs might actually be a case where mistakes were made but were fixed and learned from. I'll be going back again, and again.
Excellent food. The dates were amazing and the iberico ham was above average. Still far from great iberico but good enough. The gazpacho surprised me. Almost like my grandmothers. Their specialty fries ok, nothing special. Service is a bit lax but pleasant. Great price for the food.
Summary: Food is crazy good! Service is fast! Environment isn't too bad either.

Food:  Are you kidding me? Literally everything that comes out of this kitchen is great! Great attention to detail. 

Service: Pretty good service. Nothing extremely unusual about the service, except that it is fast!

Environment: Environment is alright. It hasn't been consistent the two times that I've been so I can't comment too much. 

This place is getting a 5 star because the food is unreal!
Awe man, I used to eat here consistently for a solid 3 years. The health code fiasco wasn't something they ever recovered from. Plus they messed it up twice now. Great job guys! Not my go to anymore, sadly enough. They opened up a Taco joint where they used to be. Not bad! Worth checking out.
A great tapas place at the Fashion Show Mall.  Original location is in Chicago, the Vegas one has views of the Wynn.  Tapas are decent, but my opnion is skewed by a recent visit to A.O.C. in LA.  Everything pales in comparison.  Ba-Ba-Reeba *does* have some great sangrias, especially the passionfruit sangria.  The artisan cheese plate was a little boring, but the jamon serrano comes with an assortment of other meats and some tasty tomato bread.  If you want something hot and comforting, the goat cheese baked in tomato sauce is delicous and comes with little pesto-topped toasts.  Although it was my first gazpacho experience, the Ba-Ba-Reeba bowl was so flavorful I'm hooked.  Cold soup rocks!  By far the best offering was the mini desserts menu, featuring small plates of yummy bites, all for $2.  The coconut bread pudding is divine, and little ice cream shots with drizzles of matching liqueurs go down sweet and smooth.
The food is excellent, but the plates are incredible small! It was a challenge to eat off of a plate that was a quarter of the size of the utensils, but when good food is around I guess you can do anything. 

I have been to both the Chicago location and now the Vegas location and both have excellent food and sangria! I can't remember everything we ordered (uhh, we were in Vegas!), but I know I enjoyed the stuffed mushrooms and the beef tenderloin and blue cheese. I also know I was very excited about the $1.99 dessert menu (the banana dessert and the chocolate truffle were good!). 

If you like tapas, this is a good place to go for a reasonably priced meal when you're in Vegas!
Mediocre tapas. Also, the inside of the restaurant was uncomfortably hot on a scorching day and when I complained to the waitress, she told me that's how they keep it.

We ended up eating outside. Servive was slow. A potato dish with no fish tasted fishy.

It seems that Las Vegas still only has one tapas place -- Firefly.
Another tapas experience in Las Vegas.  Located right on the strip, take a seat outside so you can enjoy the constant changing screens of the Wynn Hotel and, of course, people watch.

Late lunch and we order the Traditional Gazpacho Soup (gazpacho tradicional); the Beef Tenderloin Toro Brocheta (parsley garlic oil brocheta de solomillo); and the White Anchovies, Avocado & Peppers (boquerones con aguacate).  We attempted to order the Fried Green Peppers & Coarse Salt (pimientos fritos), but they were out already.  

The Gazpacho was light and cooling.  When brought to your table, you can choose if you want a few toppings added to it or not.  The anchovies were very tasty.  My only complaint was that there wasn't enough anchovies and too much of the avocado stuff instead.  The toro brocheta was especially enhanced by the tasty green sauce that accompanied it.  (My dining companion was surprised that they didn't ask us how we wanted our beef.)  Without the sauce, it would be a bit dry.  The sauce really gave it a punch.  (I requested more so I could dunk my bread in it.)
 
Dessert - we ordered the Banana (caramelized banana, vanilla ice cream aka platano al caramelo); the Strawberries (sour cream foam aka fresa con espuma de crema); and the Chocolate (white chocolate soup aka sopa de chocolate blanco).  With these desserts only be $1.99, you don't feel bad ordering a bunch of them.  Then again, they are super small.  Big enough to share with one other person only if you order more than one.  The Banana was nicely caramelized with caramel sauce and cooling ice cream.  The Strawberries were a bit too tart for me, and tasted much better when mixed with the Chocolate dish.  I think the idea of a white chocolate soup is divine.  With little rice crispies on the top and tiny pieces of pineapple on the bottom, it's a refreshing dessert.  (Was there a hint of coconut in it?)

Overall, with my limited dining experience at Cafe Ba Ba Reeba, I would give it only three stars.  It was a decent place for tapas, but not extraordinary.  Portion sizes are on the smaller end and I would hate to think of trying to share my sardines or gazpacho dish with more than one dining companion.

I did particularly enjoy just sitting out front and enjoying my leisurely lunch on the strip.  Having such late lunches, there are no crowds to deal with and you can enjoy yourself so much more.  As always, having fabulous company always makes it that much better.

Update! 
They offer a weekday (M-F) happy hour from 4 pm to 7 pm.  $3 tapas at the bar and half off sangria!
first time eating spanish food and tapas!  some good stuff here!  i suggest skipping the entrees and just order a bunch of tapas, especially  if you have a larger party.  you'll get a good sampling of a lot of dishes like it's dim sum, lol.  make sure to also order a pitcher of sangria!
I went here with a group of friends, and found the place to be a good choice for a small group dinner.  It was at night, and the the atmosphere and view was nice.

My boyfriend and I have never been to this type of restuarant before, so we weren't sure what to order.  Our friend suggested the paella and some meat dish.  We loved loved loved the paella.  I've never had it before so I don't have much comparison but it was very good.  My only wish was that the lobster in it could've been bigger and they charge more for the dish.  As for the meat dish, it wasn't very good....that's why I don't remember what it was called.  My boyfriend said it was something his mom can make (hehe...apparently his mom can't cook).

Overall it's a nice place and the food is decent.
I got here at 4pm on a weekday in Dec 2006 and maybe I had the skeleton staff because service really sucked ass. No smile. No checking back. Wrong orders. You gotta be kidding me.

The gazpacho was good but not extraordinary and to my surprise, the waiter didn't even know what kind of olives I was being served. The sangria was good but... honestly... my glass was more ICE than it was DRINK.

So sad because 4 years ago I ate at Babareeba in Chicago and had such an amazing experience. Fun, lively, great food, and very knowledgeable waitstaff. I talked about it for the following week!

Going into the Las Vegas restaurant and asking a simple question about what kind of olives are in the olive appetizer and getting a blank stare as an answer was just the beginning of a disappointing experience.
If you are after a tourist trap, over- priced on the strip kinda place then Cafe Ba Ba Reeba is for you. Nice looking place, great location however horrible service and mediocre food.  Service was very slow, lots of managers looking on however the wait staff seemed to be non-exsistant.  Our drinks were served wrong then our dinner was served COLD, it was supposed to be hot.   The waiter never once checked back on us AND we had to ask a bus boy to get our check for us.  I'm a big fan of tapas and should have gone to Firefly instead!
Ok so here's the deal with BaBaReeba's. I've been going there since they first opened. I was excited to know that we were gonna have a Tapas place. So It's on the corner of the outside of Fashion Show Mall next To Ra Sushi and Capital Grill.  This is a Spanish Restaurant. I watched people walk out because they didn't understand the menu or they were looking for Enchilada Especial...WHITE PEOPLE....THIS IS A SPANISH RESTAURANT. SPANISH  DOES NOT EQUAL MEXICAN....So of course BaBaReeba's changed their menu to better suit the Vegas crowd. They added Mmmm mmmm Entrees. I do miss a lot of tapas that they removed. But the entrees aren't bad.  They have the cold and hot tapas menus ranging from the Gazpacho soup - to the stuffed mushrooms, the cold platter with ham, chorizo, manchego, and olives with toast with a fresh tomato puree. Mmmm....
The paella isn't bad. They also have skewers of meats to select from and a caldera....Mmmm Different meats, seafood, etc. The Caldera is pretty salty - if you can't handle it, I'd stay clear. Desserts. are cute little morsels that a big guy like me can chew like a stick of gum. But otherwise delicious. The different spanish wines and sangrias are great. I actually took one of their Passion Fruit Sangria and made a few changes to make it my own. 
So Babareeba's offers paella cooking classes, happy hours, wine tastings, scotch tastings, flamenco dancing, and special guest bands. It's pretty cool. I can definitely stay there for hours and chit chat about things. Never had a problem with service - but you know some times you get a bad batch of employees. I agree with the Firefly. Very good, but sometimes I can't hear myself there. It gets a little crowded. But this place...decent. Try it....you may like it.
My partner and I went to Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba on our last night in Las Vegas because it had been recommended to me by a friend who visited recently.  The wait for an inside table was 30 minutes, but they had patio warmers outside so we were seated immediately - and we were toasty warm throughout our meal!

The service was excellent.  Not only did our waiter keep our glasses filled, but when he noticed we were running low on sangria, he suggested another half-pitcher.  When I asked about vegetarian options, he went over the entire menu with me and pointed everything out.  He brought all of our food out as it was ready, which is a great way to have tapas - you can nibble on each dish while you're waiting for the next one.

The food was quite good.  I am normally very picky, but I really enjoyed everything I ordered!  I recommend the spiced "brave" potatoes (they are actually new potatoes) and the potato-and-onion omelette which came with a great sauce.  We had two half-pitchers of the passionfruit sangria and really liked it - we are not normally sangria fans but this one was great!  And best of all, the entire place was reasonably priced.

We had a great time at Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba and I definitely recommend it to anyone visiting the Strip area of Las Vegas.
This place has amazing tapas. Don't get suckered into the entree dishes that were put there for dumb ass tourists who don't get the tapas thing. The empanadas are amazing, as are the bacon wrapped dates and the pasilla peppers.  All three are MUST haves at this place.  We also like the chicken and artichoke hearts paella, the goat cheese app, and shrimp in olive oil and red peppers.  Oh yeah, the Sangria rocks!
Best Spanish Restaurant in America (that I've found thus far).

Seriously everything is to die for and the Sangria is amazing. Lobster Paella, Garlic Shrimp, Dates wrapped in Bacon... EVERYTHING!!!

Seriously I LOVE everything about this place... the ambiance, the music, service, the food and the wine list! 

Another great plus: PAELLA COOKING CLASSES
About once a month on Saturdays they have this class where they teach you how to make paella and various tapas. You get to try everything they make for you and you get to take a cookbook home with all the recipes. The class is at 10AM... it's hard not to go hungover from the debaucheries of the night before in Vegas, but it's well worth it!!
Part of the Lettuce Entertain You group of restaurants, Cafe Ba Ba Reeba started out in Chicago, then opened a branch in Las Vegas.  It specializes in tapas.  Originally intended as bar snacks, the term now refers to small portions of food (at least in the United States).  Choose a few and you have a meal; choose a bunch and you have a meal for a group of friends.

In addition to tapas, the menu offers paella and a few other items, but tapas are the stars. There are more than 50 choices, plus another dozen desserts.  Cold tapas include serrano ham, olives and chicken salad; hot tapas include octopus, empanadas and roast dates with bacon.

The inside dining areas are dark: dark stained wood flooring, dark wood tables, moderate lighting.  Loud guitar music plays; a Flamenco version of "California Dreamin'" was one of the more unusual selections.  The outside area, facing the strip, seemed much more inviting, but it was too hot outside for me.  Service was prompt; I ordered tapas one at a time, and they arrived pretty quickly.

At Cafe Ba Ba Reeba, tapas have been supersized.  A typical dish could serve as a small appetizer for four people, or as an hors d'oeuvre for even more people.  I was hard pressed to finish just three plates.  Serrano ham, salchichon, chorizo & manchego cheese also included triangles of toasted bread with chopped tomato on top.  Both the cheese and meats were thinly sliced, and very strongly flavored.  A winner.  It wasn't finger food, definitely requiring a knife and fork, but was big enough that it would best be split several ways.

Roast dates with bacon and apple vinaigrette was an interesting dish.  Small dates (or perhaps halves of large dates) were wrapped in bacon, then grilled until the bacon was crispy and the dates were very chewy.  A small amount of vinaigrette was poured on top.  It was an unusual combination of sweet, salty, sour and fatty tastes.

Grilled squid in olive oil and garlic consisted of large pieces of squid (both body and tentacles) sauted in olive oil.  Barely cooked through, the squid was still tender.  It was a little oily, but I liked it.



The food was OK, but as a solo diner I didn't really enjoy myself.  The supposedly tapa sized portions are actually quite large, and not conducive to ordering many dishes if one is dining alone.  I think it would be more fun with a group, at one of the outdoor tables.
Sometimes when I think I can't go on with the heat in Las Vegas, I go to the mall. I went yesterday with my American Express and the air conditioning. It was nice to get out of the heat and into some retail therapy. 
Cafe Ba-Ba Reeba is a wonderful Tapas place at the Mall. Yes, our mall is better than yours. 
Actually I hate malls, but I really can't be that mad at this one because there is so much fun stuff there! 
Ba Ba Reeba is more expensive than other tapas places in town, due to its location, but I always seem to eat vegetarian here and so its a little less expensive. If and when it is under a 100 degrees outside,  I like the patio because of the pretty view to Wynn, but inside is really pretty also.
Everything I tried here was pretty good.  But, considering that I love the whole idea of tapas and we probably sampled 9-10 items, pretty good isn't enough to make me go back. 
None of the dishes were bad, but only one of them (serrano ham, salchichon, chorizo & manchego cheese) was good enough for me to want again.  
Service was pleasant and the patio location was very nice for people-watching on the strip, but there is so much competition in this town for my food dollar, that I will keep looking.
This tapas restaurant by way of Chicago offers  priced Sangria and an assortment of $3 appetizers in the bar area on weekdays from 4-7PM.  Our waitress also served as bartender so service tended to be on the slow side.  We started off with a carafe of red sangria ($10) and a chicken empanada (3 Stars, $3) served with what tasted like mustard spiked mayonnaise.  Our next round included a tiny portion of seafood salad (1.5 Stars, $3) and a large portion of spicy potatoes with tomato aioli (3 Stars, $3).  Meanwhile we kept working on the Sangria while enjoying the bar scene.  It was at this point that we decided we were not going to be in the mood for a full meal so we asked the waitress/bartender if we could use the Restaurant.com certificate for the Sangria and appetizers.  Not a problem said my now much more efficient waitress. As the bewitching hour of 7PM approached we quickly requested the Serrano ham and tomato bread tapas. (0.5 Stars, $3)  I did a quick calculation using the Dewey Decimal System and determined we were going to have a difficult time reaching the $35 minimum required for use of the Restaurant.com certificate so we ordered the goat cheese baked in tomato sauce tapas (5 Stars, $7).  We were now satiated and ready to quit, but we ordered 2 mini desserts, coconut bread pudding with sorbet and a truffle chocolate cake (2.5 Stars, $4).  Based on my updated calculations we were still nominally short of the requirement, but I asked the waitress for the bill - wow 14 cents to the good.
Ah, Ba-Ba Reeba, how I love your happy hour.....Half price sangria, $3 tapas, yummy grilled squid, great decor and atmosphere, great bar service........
I don't bother going for lunch or dinner, however. Tapas in general are over-priced and I'm not into paella.
Loved this place...our waiter was hot and funny.....the tequila shots before dinner were strong and stiff.... and the food was great... really enjoyed the stuffed mushrooms..and the cheese platter and olive plate...

Good times....
The man and I needed to refuel after a long day of shopping. By refuel I mean getting back that necessary Vegas buzz of shop, drink, drink, shop.......
     We were here at happy hour and it was well worth it. The margaritas were yummy were mixed right. We indulged in the $3 yummies. We ordered the meatball and the mushroom empanada. The meat balls were served in a Spanish style tomato sauce with potatoes. The meat ball was very moist. The empanada was excellent. The crust was flaky and the mushroom filling went very well with the aioli. The portions looked small but were quite filling.  The only drawback was that the bartender needed  more help. It wasn't super busy but I felt the service would have been much better if he had a hand.
We ended up here by accident after another restaurant we had planned to eat at  had a wait estimated at over an hour.  The food was not bad, but there were so many people in the place, with a dj pumping somewhat obnoxious pop songs, that the ambiance became more of a factor than one would have hoped.  We had a party of 8 and ordered 2 tapas apiece.  The waitress was really pushy when we ordered the 2 person paella, saying that we'd only each get a biteful.  That was our intention, and frankly I can't imagine why anyone would want more than a spoonful of it.  To put it kindly it was underwhelming.  She was pushing the bigger sized paella that was $40.  I'm sorry but you ought to be ashamed of yourself charging that much for RICE.  Try the dates wrapped in bacon, as another reviewer suggested.  Better than other tapas places I've been to, but I'm not sure that we'll be back any time soon.
Let me start by saying how much I hate Las Vegas but am forced to attend an annual conference there. In this city of waste, it is hard to get past worrying that by the time you get home, all of the natural resources of the planet will have been used up. 

One of the few bright spots is Babareeba. I was introduced to this fun spot by a friend a few years ago and keep going back. Crazy for their white sangria. The bits of fruit are a delicious touch. The small plates are great and really enough to share. The food is tasty and delivered quickly. My favorite this time around was an empanada with goat cheese and raisins. Fantastic! 

A nice pairing of this cafe is to visit the Guggenheim exhibit across the street inside the Venetian. You can almost forget it is Vegas...
Went here my first day in Vegas in February with a friend.

We ordered a little bit of everything: 
* mushroom empanadas, 
* baby spinach salad, chorizo bits, piquillo peppers and egg
* seared spanish sausages - chorizo, txistorra, butifarra & morcilla
* salmon, artichoke & fennel confit
* skewered chicken & chorizo sausage

Everything was absolutely delicious.  A great lunch.  Service was fabulous.  Very attentive.  It was crowded at 3 p.m. and we still got great service with a busy afternoon.

Our bill was $70, without the tip, but it was all well-worth it because it was one of the best meals I have had in a long time.

Everyone should stop by while in Vegas.
We ordered and I drank a lot of our full pitcher of Black Raspberry Sangria, so I'm hoping that what I remember about this dinner is accurate.  =)   I know that the sangria was pretty tasty.  They had a good baked crab & shrimp dip, house marinated olives is an assortment of 3-4 different olives, and the chicken empanadas were yummy.  We ordered a bunch of tapas and everything was delicious.  A table near us order paella and it looked pretty good and didn't last long, so I'll try that next time.
I liked this place very much. I wish we had one of these in DC instead of subpar chains like La Tasca and Jaleo.

The sangria was delicious - we ordered a pitcher of the Passion Fruit and couldn't stop raving about it. And all the tapas dishes we got were absolutely delicious. My favorite were the spicy potatoes with the tomato aioli - so good we got a second order. The skewered shrimp were also remarkably tasty. .

I also had a bowl of the gaspacho - it was very like the kind I'd had in Mexico. 

Service was pretty good, perhaps a tad slow, but it was a lazy Sunday afternoon so we were happy to just sit and chat without being rushed.

Can't speak for the paella - none of us like it so we didn't order any.
Conveniently located across the street from the Wynn Resort in the Fashion Mall, this joint is hands down the number one lunch spot for me.  After a heavy night drinking and partying, what's better than to fill up again with a cold pitcher of black raspberry sangria and small plate-size tapas to re-energize yourself for another round at the pool or craps table.  The menu is quite extensive and divided into cold and hot dishes.  I recommend the following:

HOT DISHES:
-Chicken and chorizo sausage skewers (this is the bomb)
-Squid a la plancha with olive oil and garlic (dip your table bread in this oil as well)
-Roasted dates wrapped in bacon (this is a must have)
-Fried padron peppers and course salt

COLD DISHES:
-Serrano ham, salchichon, chorizo & manchego cheese
-Roast eggplant salad with goat cheese
-House marinated olives

DESSERT:
-You have to try the almond and banana ice cream desserts....and I don't care how full you are cuz they cost almost nothing and are damn good!

I came here one night to have the paella and thought it was good but nothing to get excited about.  I recommend you order the tapas items I suggested above instead if it's your first time.

The website includes the full menu if you want to explore for yourself:
http://www.cafebabareeba.com/vegas/
After really enjoying Firefly, my friends and I decided to try Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba.  We were pretty disappointed... smaller portions, not as good, and higher priced than Firefly.  And it was pretty dead in there, too.  Thanks, we'll stick to Firefly.
Fantastic tapas. We ate some cold and some hot dishes and they were fantastic. Good sangrias, too.
This is Spanish, NOT Mexican like some others have mistakenly mentioned.  Extensive menu of tapas averaging about $7.50-12 each plate; very few on the lower and higher end of that range.  About 4-6 for two people is what is recommended... so that gives you an idea of how much it will run you.  The portions were quite large for tapas, from looking at the other tables, so it's not totally overpriced.  We got an order of the Mix Paella (serves 2-3) of chicken, pork, sausage, green beans for $26.  It wasn't mentioned on the list, but we also got shrimps mixed in which was nice.  The waiter told us paella takes about 25 minutes to cook; we were starving and ended up getting a basket of bread four times during that period.  They kept refilling it no problem along with our drinks.  Great prompt service.
This place was okay.  First of all, we had a reservation for 12 at 8:30pm.  Okay, we were there at 8:25pm and we waited an additional 20 minutes for them to put our table together.  The hostess kept saying 5 minutes, 5 minutes....and we sat down 20 minutes later.  

The food was okay.  I did only have their mushroom soup, which I enjoyed but it was quite salty.  We specifically told our server that we needed to be out of there by 10pm, and I felt like she didn't really care whether or not we were out by 10pm.  

Not so sure if I'd come back here again.  Maybe for a snack before/after shopping, but never again for dinner - especially when I plan on going someplace else after.
So I figured Vegas would be a good place to watch the fireworks on Independence Day.... in 104 heat...

The misters outside suckered me into this place.... however, where ever I sat...they stopped working...

So I moved inside. The waitress was great, the sangria was one of the best I ever had, but other than that...the food was so-so and as for the dessert....you could easiliy confuse it with a candybar that melted on a small plate. Um, no thanks. 

I'm starting to wonder if the whole point of tapas is that everything is so average that nothing is outstanding?
Awesome Happy Hour!

We came here at the tail end of our time in Vegas, if only we had found it sooner! Loved the Sangria, I tried the one with frangelico and it wasn't my bag so the server let me switch to the house white sangria. It was sweet, fruity and very refreshing on such a hot day. A steal at $3 a glass, so I had 4. We should have just gotten a pitcher.

We also had practically everything on the Happy Hour menu, some standouts for me where the bacon covered dates, the chicken and chorizo skewers and the spiced potatoes with tomato aioli. Yummmmmmers! I do wish they had lighter and fresher choices like say a ceviche. The seafood salad was close but could have used more salt and lemon. Also more veggie options would be good, the mushroom empanada was good - but very heavy.

I had the the coconut almond cake and apple crumble for dessert. I have to say the coconut almond cake was really delicious.

Considering we paid as much for 2 appetizers at Social House the night before, $50 for 2 people to eat some tasty treats to their hearts contents was Alright by me!
This is one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas.
It's got easy access, in spite of being on the strip.

They have awesome sangria, good food - and a handful of vegetarian and vegan options. It's moderately priced (good for being on the strip).

I love their spicy potatoes!
I love the sangria and the paella! They have some great tapas! Fun with friends! I love the environment and the food is very yummy! Its a great place for dinner!
My favorite place in Vegas for a casual and fun dining experience with gal pals.  Sangria and tapas is the way to go - then head into the mall for some shopping!
I love tapas, and this place was pretty good!   Except I was a little sick, and drinking... so I don't remember much else to type anything more.
We had a 3:30 fly out of Vegas, so we decided to go and have a quick lunch.
We had the 4 different tapas (the ones recommended by the menu) and were outstanding, I wanted to try the Paella but i was the only one who want it and is recommended for 2 or more people and I didnt know if at the airport they would allow me to have restaurant left over, so we decided to have just the tapas, the sangria is great and I had 2 mojitos which were really good.
All and all, great food and drinks, we'll go back again and try different food.
I went to Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba for light lunch and the famous sangria recommended by fellow yelpers. I sat in the patio where breezes from Wynn accompanied me during this warm afternoon. I absolutely love my Peach sangria which was more fruity and sweet compared to my friend's raspberry sangria which tasted more red wine. For tapas, we ordered seared sea scallops and chicken & ham croquettes. The scallops were good, crispy and have nice texture and favors. The croquettes and sauce made good toppings with the complementary bread. (See food in my pics) 

I want to thank the waiter and manager who served my table and made this a five star experience. After drinking much sangria, I dropped some croquettes sauce on my white top while I was eating it with the bread. I asked the waiter if it would be possible for me to clean the mess when I asked for the bill. He told me I should try using soda water. To my surprise, he actually came back later on and brought a table cloth with soda water and let me try to remove the spot. Service does make a difference in a place like Las Vegas where good restaurants are everywhere. Thank you Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba!
A friend of mine gave me the tip of Cafe Ba Ba Reeba's Happy Hour so my husband and I looking for a place to grab some dinner on Friday night went with my friends suggestion. Half Price Tapas and Pitchers of Sangria in the bar area. 

We ordered a butt load of apps and I had two Sangria's for less than 25 bucks. It was a steal. There was probably only one tapas dish that I didn't particularly care for but for the price...I would definitely recommend the Happy Hour and I would definitely go back. 

Cozy atmosphere and great service.
We went here expecting a light lunch, but came out being stuffed! It was my first time trying Spain food so I didn't know portion sizes. I thought tapas were little plates of appetizers so we ordered several along with the lobster paella. We were full even before the paella arrived (paella takes 30 minutes to cook so place that order first). Even though we needed to save room for the paella, everything was so yummy we kept eating! next time, I'll come with more people so we can share. Then, paella came, and they serve it table-side. The paella is SO GOOD. I was in love with it. I can't believe I was missing out for so many years. I crave paella a lot these days because of this place...mmm yummy.
I used to enjoy this place when I lived in Chicago so I was eager to find out if the Vegas location lived up to the hype... 

This review is for happy hour only, which is fabulous. 3-7 PM, and 7 days a week.. YES happy hour on weekends too, a rareity! Nice patio on the strip.. great atmosphere

Sangria pitcher (6 cups) $24.95 (half price for happy hour). Solid sangria. and at ~$2 a cup for happy hour.. great price. Honestly the sangria at Tommy Bahama's is much stronger, but this one is nice because you're not getting loaded at 4 PM when you split a pitcher 3 ways. 

Food ($3 each for happy hour): We had the chicken empanada, the ham/tomato toast, potatoes, and bacon wrapped dates. All were awesome, and in particular we loved the bacon wrapped dates. None of the servings were huge.. but for $3 they were about right on. I would not, however, find this place a good deal at dinner. 

All in all, we paid $12 each (with tax and tip!) for sangria and some yummy appetizers. Definitely check this place out between 3-7.. it's a great value, particularly on the strip where things tend to get expensive.
We walked by this place and saw the nice patio outdoor seating area so we stopped by for lunch.  The menu consisted of mostly tapas around $7-10.  Paella was about $15 per person.  They had various flavors of sangria, but I just ordered the regular red sangria.  It wasn't as fruity flavored as other ones I've tried.  It just tasted like red wine with chopped fruits inside.  

For tapas, we ordered grilled beef skewers, which was cooked really tender.  It came with caramelized onions and horseradish cream sauce.  Didn't care too much for the onions.  I've never seen such dark caramelized onions before.  We also ordered a salad with green apples and manchego cheese.  This was very tasty as the dressing was nice and light.  We tried their seafood paella which the server advised would take about 30 minutes to make.  It did take about 30 minutes.  We just ordered for 1 person, which ended up being perfect for 2.  It came with shrimp and scallops.  The flavor was good.  Service was kind of slow at times, but overall food was good.  Perfect for a light lunch.
Was surprised to see that Cafe Ba Ba Reeba had a lower average rating than Firefly on Paradise. We went to Firefly before and were really underwhelmed by the food there. In fact, every dish we tried (and we tried plenty) was on the average or under average side. 

We're always on the hunt for tapas and hubby was adamant about NOT going to Firefly. I had bookmarked RE Tapas, but hubby wanted to try Ba Ba Reeba while we were at the mall so we thought we'd be smarter this time and order only a small selection in case it wasn't all that great either.

The restaurant shares its space with Stripburger -- very strange because it's so damn confusing. I wanted to sit by some natural light for the purpose of taking photos but wherever I pointed out was not part of Ba Ba Reeba.

The menu wasn't very big so it was quite easy to decide. The young man wanted a pizza and there were only 3 or 4 to choose from so we went for the chorizo. I got some garlic shrimp, sea scallops and Padron peppers as well. 

Sangria is not bad here -- it's not sickly sweet and had a nice balance of the wine to fruit/juice. Very refreshing accompaniment to the meal.

Padron peppers were grilled well with a sprinkling of sea salt to give it flavor. Seared sea scallops were fresh and juicy, well prepared, but the couscous and sauce was what brought this dish down. The flavors were underseasoned and did nothing to enhance the scallops. My favorite were the garlic shrimps. The shrimps were plump and extremely fresh and had a hearty helping of garlic in the dish. The olive oil was infused so strongly with the garlic we all used the bread to soak it up and wiped the dish clean.

I wouldn't ordinarily order pizza at a tapas place but the one here wasn't bad as far as pizzas are concerned. The crust was very thin and the toppings of chorizo, cheese and cherry tomatoes were balanced correctly -- not too much and not too little.

All in all, I'd have to say, I thoroughly enjoyed this meal. I'll even go as far to say that the garlic shrimps were better than at my favorite tapas place in SF -- Zarzuela. Yeah, I said it. It's better! We ended up getting an extra order of the shrimp since none of us felt we had enough.

The meal wasn't cheap -- a pizza, 4 tapas and 2 glasses of sangria came to almost $80 with tip included. Still, for a highly satisfying meal, I don't really care if it was on the high side.
Im surprised to see the somewhat low rating.

I came here during SEMA week and had dinner with a few friends.  Please remember that I've never had tapas before so I let my friend do all the ordering.  Oh man I don't even remember what we ordered but the chicken empanada's are freakin GOOD.  I could eat a dozen+ of these things with that delicious sauce that comes with it and still ask for more afterwards.  Cool atmosphere here and you kind of forget that you're in the middle of the Vegas strip for a second there.  Drinks were strong and I had a blast with my friends.  Be prepared to break out the wallet though if you come around dinner time because it certainly isn't cheap here.  Will definitely come back for the empanada's.  =)
Who wouldn't loves tapas! To be honest, when they listed empanadas on the menu, we decided we had to try it. But boy was that a mistake. It was pretty expensive, for such small dishes. We asked what size and how many empanadas we would get, it was only one small one for $8-9! So instead of tapas, we decided to order regular meals. We first ordered a Passion Fruit sangria. That was delicious, included some fresh chopped apple/orange/lemon, very refreshing, but not sure it was worth $15 for half a pitcher. The bread they served with the meal was also delicious, but they gave such a small basket, they couldn't refill it fast enough for us (nor for our ice water)! Sigh. For my meal, I went with the Meatball pizza for $11. The crust was thin and crispy and the pizza itself was pretty huge (couldn't finish it), but the oil from the cheese and meat just gathered in the middle of the plate and my crust soaked it all up. They also added some cherry tomatoes and basil, which definitely enhanced the flavor, but by the time my food came to me... the cheese already looked hardened. Disgusting. Unfortunately, the rest of our service wasn't that great either. Our waiter never came back for a water refill, and we actually finished eating our food and probably sat around for 5 minutes before flagging down another waitress for our bill. 

Also, they include an 18% gratuity for parties of 5 or more. What? Ok fine, can we give less? Whatever. Our meal came up to be $xx.90, so our friend wanted to break her 100 and get some change. They had the nerve to keep her extra 10 cents too, something about rounding up or some crap. I know it's only 10 cents, but based on how bad our service was, and just on principle, they should have given it to us. Ugh, never again.
This was probably the least expensive great restaurant I went to in Vegas (OK we're not counting In-N-Out cause that place rocks for $6). SOOOOO many good plates, I mean, I had most of them and loved them, but I wanted to try them ALL!  I am picky about tapas... I lived in Boston and went to all 5 tapas places in the city regularly.

White peach sangria on a sunny afternoon sitting outside with the heat lamps on and yummy, yummy Spanish food.  If that doesn't cure a hangover, I don't know what does.

OK I guess I have one negative thing to say, but it still won't change my rating.. the sangria pitcher is on the small side.  You might need two.
So, yeah, the food was good enough.  I've had tapas before, that is to say that I've gone to a restaurant and shared a bunch of appetizers with friends - it should be a fun experience.
I'll ignore the somewhat high cost, because for Vegas, it wasn't that overwhelming.  The food really was decent, but it was the service that really tanked.  I mean REALLY tanked.
The waiter was a nice guy.  he was friendly, helpful and kept the drinks refilled.  Had we only ordered drinks, this review would have been better...

He asked if we wanted the food served as it came done (vs. all together) and we said fine.  This is good, because otherwise it would have taken 2 hours to get fed.
The food came in clumsey bursts, separated by exceedingly long periods of nothingness, during which time we stared into the kitchen (we were seated in the back) and watched the chaos ensue.  Three times a waiter/busboy came to our table and laid down a dish that wasn't ours.  Once, the waiter jumped in and said "no, that's table 23!", the other two times we took an honest tack and sent the order away.  
Over a period of about 1 1/2 hours we got our dishes, except the pizza.  This as really the only thing that my brother-in-law (a finicky sort) had ordered.  Since he ordered his tomato, mozerrella and olive pizza sans olives, we have a suspicion that his pizza went out twice to the wrong table, as we saw to oliveless pizzas pass by without stopping.  Or maybe the rest of the crowd hates olives too.
They finally wrangled the pizza, which they comp'd after we said we didn't want it at all.
If there were staff issues, etc., going on, we didn't know about it, as no manager fessed up.  They seemed to have plenty of staff, although none of them seemed to know what table they were in charge of.  They also seemed to be running two restaurants out of the kitchen, so you may want to steer clear of Stripburger, too.
Basically, the food was decent, but the service was so chaotic that it was palpable.
My husband and friends all loved this place! We missed the happy hour so it got a little pricey ordering so many different tapas. But you only live once and enjoy life. Tapas were $6-$13. My husband had the chicken paella and it was decent. Nothing spectacular. We absolutely loved the stuffed mushroom caps and the beef skewers were great. I had the berry sangria and liked it better than the peach sangria. Their sangria is sweet and that's what I love about it. The server was really nice. We are definitely going back to this place!!
"Surprisingly great food at the mall! Lobster paella was tasty, sauteed squid was Great, manchengo anything was superb, goat cheese dip was yummy. Bacon wrapped dates were great too. Keep away from the red meats though....those were pretty tasteless and disappointing compared to all other super flavorful dishes. Yummy! Will definitely be back for more!"
Came here during happy hour (4-7 PM).  I dont quite remember everything we had as it wasnt that memorable.  What I do remember is their yummy meat lover's paella.  It was delicious.  We also tried their black raspberry, peach, and passionfruit sangrias.  The black raspberry was the best.  Wait service was ok.  The waitress left out one of the items we ordered so we never got it but we didnt get charged for it.  
Note: Happy hour is only served in the bar area so you should let the hostess know upon arrival so you can be pointed in the right direction.
If you're weary of the high end expense account restaurants on the strip and just crave something that's fun and flavorful, this is a recommended restaurant. Shop first in the mall - inside are fun stores like Zara and Diesel - and then enjoy the tapas to your stomach's content.

This was our second trip in two years, and the experience both times was good enough to keep us coming back. 

Recommended if you're looking for something under $50 per person on the strip, including drinks.
Their Tapas were good, kinda reminded me of Firefly, but it's not that noisy here. The sangria was really good, service was so, so.
It was the first time I've ever been here and I loved it! The meals were quite appetizing! Lets see we had a Passion Fruit Sangria, a pepperoni pizza, lamb, and calamari! Now it sounds like a lot because it is. The food comes in small portions so we were worried that we wouldn't have enough. Boy were we wrong. We had plenty! The passion fruit sangria is good if you like wine. Not so much if you don't. The Pizza on flat bread was phenomenal! The best pizza I've had in a long time! Talk about knowing how to put on pepperoni!  Lamb was scrumptious! I loved the potatoes that came with it as well. The mustard dip was the perfect touch to the whole thing. Lastly the calamari was divine! The best calamari I've tasted in a long time! Totally worth it! 

Besides having great food they also had great service. They constantly filled our drinks back up and when they brought the food they timed it well enough to where we didn't have all the entrees at the table at once. It was wonderful. Not to mention this place is so affordable! We're talking make $10 a plate. Trust me though you won't leave there hungry.
My husband and I love tapas and since we were staying at the Trump and walked by Fashion Show Mall quite a few times, we decided to give Cafe Ba Ba Reeba a try for dinner on Saturday night. We ate outside on the patio to enjoy the fresh air and to do some people watching on the Strip. Our server was really friendly and attentive without being pushy or annoying. We tried:

White Sangria - it was so good! I really like white sangria and it was one of the best I have tried.

Crab and Shrimp Dip - by far our favorite dish of the evening. We should have ordered two because we fought over it! Definitely a must order!

Spicy potatoes - I must have missed the spicy part of this dish because all I did was taste potatoes. You have to eat this dish fast because our potatoes went cold pretty quickly.

Oven baked goat cheese - I don't think you can go wrong with goat cheese, tomato sauce, and bread with pesto. 

Seared sea scallops - a bit gritty and didn't have the melt in your mouth quality I look for in amazing scallops. However, they were still cooked pretty well even if they did have a bit of grit in them. Not the best I have ever had, but definitely not the worst.

Beef tenderloin - the blue cheese was way too overpowering

Our bill was $65 before tip and we left feeling full. If you like tapas and want a meal that won't break the bank on the Strip, this is not a bad place to give a shot.
What a surprise from the high-priced, huge-portions of most Vegas restaurants, Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba was a little place that we found one evening. We arrived early (between 5 and 7 is happy hour) and were presented with half-priced sangria's and a $3 Tapa menu.

This was the best dinner we had while in Vegas - try the roasted pepper tapa and the olives, as well as the mushroom empanada - very good. Also, the White Sangria was great - we started with half a pitcher, and quickly ordered a second half. Our whole meal was under $40 (for two people) and we were very full afterward!

Definitely a place to visit - and sit outside to people watch!
HAPPY HOUR HAPPY HOUR!! What a fine happy hour it twas! We ordered just about everything on the HH menu since it was just $3 and the passion fruit sangria was light and delicious! Service was awesome. Loved it!!
Expensive, maybe. Tasty, most definitely! 

Located right across the street from the Wynn Casino Resort, this place rocks with a delectable menu of tapas of all sorts...well, within limits of the menu. They have these mini tapa samplers that you can try and oh boy, were they tasty! We had the shrimp on toasted bread and tomato beef on toasted bread.  

For the main course, we couldn't resist in ordering the chicken paella and also tried the other tapas, like mussels with a caramelized sweet sauce (absolutely delicious). We also ordered a pitcher of the white peach sangria and that was pretty good, too. 

The service was good. The manager was the one who came out and served us and that was a plus.  Also, there's like a bar right next door to the restaurant, so if you dine outside, you'll hear the music. You may or may not like it, depends on you. 

Visit this place!
Alright, a word to the wise. Do not come here and order an entree. I'm not saying it won't be good. But seriously, you come here for the tapas or you don't come at all. If you come here and order a fucking pizza I will be so bummed. I won't even sit with you. I will kick your ass out and you will eat your pizza on the bench out on the strip. Also, it's best to come here with a large group. The bigger the better. The goal here is to try as many tapas as you can. And don't forget to try a couple different types of sangria.
This restaurant specializes in both paella and tapas.  We started off with a salad of apples, almonds, manchego cheese over organic greens (4), baked goat cheese in a rich tomato sauce (3.5) and dates wrapped in bacon (1.5).  We were disappointed by the dates which were overcooked and chewy.  I questioned the waiter and he confirmed that this is the way the dish is prepared.  We also ordered paella; mine was mixed seafood with shrimp, scallops, mussels and green beans.  Ann ordered the evening's special seafood paella with monkfish, beans and squash.  Each was visually unappealing suffering from a heavy hand with the tomato sauce and an absence of saffron.  I used a $50 certificate purchased form a radio station.
Since our last visit in in September 2006, business has dropped off and most of the dining is now curtained off.  The restaurant specializes in both paella and tapas..  We started off with a salad of apples, almonds, manchego cheese over organic greens (4), baked goat cheese in a rich tomato sauce (3.5) and dates wrapped in bacon (1.5).  We were disappointed by the dates which were overcooked and chewy.  I questioned the waiter and he confirmed that this is the way the dish is prepared.  We also ordered paella; mine was mixed seafood with shrimp, scallops, mussels and green beans.  My wife ordered the evening's special seafood paella with monkfish, beans and squash.  Each was visually unappealing suffering from a heavy hand with the tomato sauce and an absence of saffron (1)
Wow, tapas in Vegas has not disappointed me!  Three words:  bacon wrapped dates - omfg, delicious.  I think I almost finished a plate on my own. The scallop were also very good as were the peppers (not that spicy!). We ordered quite a bit of food and two pitches of sangria AND a paella (which, warning, is HUGE...and delicious).  I think the total for our large group was $35 a person...extremely reasonable by Vegas standards.  The outdoor dining area is huge - great for people watching.
I love tapas. However this place can get pricey just think of the location. I ate here once with a friend and it cost us $65 a piece. The food was delicious though, we had the shrimp sauteed in garlic and butter and the octupus which was great. We had a lot of other items on the menu. Their sangria is alright. Not as good as fireflys. I like this place. I would come back definitely.
My gf and I LOVEEEE Cafe Ba Ba Reeba in Chicago! but unfortunately, seeing that we live in socal, this Vegas location is the next best thing...

This restaurant is conveniently located in the Fashion Show Mall, which for the uncommon Vegas traveler is located on the strip right across from the Wynn. It was a pretty hot day but the outdoor eating area, which was perfect for people watching, remained cool and pleasant. 

This place gets minus one star for not having an extensive tapas menu as the Chicago location and a daily/weekly/monthly? sangria special (aka my white mango sangria!) again like the Chicago location. But besides these minor details, the food was DELICIOUS and the service was excellent!

My gf and I ordered a half pitcher of the white peach sangria, which may not be the white mango sangria we had in Chicago but was still soooooo good! We were also able to get our waitress to get us samples of the passion fruit sangria and the sparkling raspberry sangria (made w/ cava!), but still concluded our white peach sangria was best! The peach sangria was refreshing and sweet (but not too sweet), the passion fruit sangria was more citrusy and less sweet and the sparkling sangria had a stronger taste to it. We happily enjoyed our lunch with a nice alcoholic buzz and even devoured the sweet little apple bits in our glasses!

As for the food we ordered the shrimp & egg salad on toast & the short rib stuffed pepper on toast, stuffed mushrooms, flatbread with tomatoes & basil and the special paella w/ shortrib, chicken & chorizo sausage(?). The stuffed pepper was good but the shrimp & egg salad was OMG good! The stuffed mushrooms were just as good as we remembered from Chicago, in other words, freaking DELICIOUS! We also enjoyed the flatbread pizza, which  was light and flavorful, and the special meat paella. For dessert, we ordered the almond cake w/ coconut sherbet and the chocolate tres leches. The chocolate tres leches was sweet and chocolatey (i'm a chocolate fiend!) but the almond cake w/ coconut sherbet was jaw-dropping SOOOOOOOO good! It wasn't as sweet as the tres leches, and the pairing of almond cake and coconut seems random but they perfectly complimented each other. 

I definitely can't wait to come back!
I had such a great time while eating at the Ba-Ba-Reeba. One was because of the great view of the Encore and the Wynn as well as location on the strip. Most important reason of all why this place was soooo good was the quality and variety of the food. 

For drinks you must try the white peach sangria by far one of the best sangria's I have tried before. I don't know if its because of the fresh cut pieces of peach in the pitcher or the quality of wine they use to mix but what ever it is you gotta try it. 

For tapas we shared the following: 
- PINTXOS which are six small bite size tapas ($8.95) great to order because of the variety of small tapas it comes with. 
- BAKED GOAT CHEESE with tomato sauce and sic pieces of garlic toasts. The entire combination was to die for. Garlic toasts was fresh and the goat cheese tasted as if it was just cut from the block ($7.95). 
- MANCHEGO which is an assortment of Spaniard meat. Included in this order are 4 small pieces of bread with a good spread, 2 types of cheese and a side of olives which all calls for a great combination ($10.95). 
- BEEF EMPANADA thick crust and full of meet ($8.95) 
- TOMATO and CHEESE FLATBREAD kinda like a thin crust pizza, very salty but full of flavor. The fresh cut tomatoes on the flat bread makes its oh soo juicy. 

With all of what we ordered (drinks + tapas) the total came out to $85 included tax. Well worth the money because of the quality of the food and service. 

With all of the drinks
This place is great.  The sangria is realllly tasty, and the tapas are wonderful.  It's located right across the street from the Wynn, and at the end of the Fashion Show Mall.  Not a usual place for the typical Vegas visitor, but it's not hard to find.   The service here was great as well.  Would definitely come back here for some more tapas, a switch from the usual buffets and casino food courts :)
I have to come to Vegas a lot for business and I recently found this gem.  The menu includes a wide range of items.  Everything that I have tasted I have enjoyed.

The most recent time I visited I had the lobster paella, which was delicious, filling, and cheap!  I also really enjoy the gaspacho here.

The atmosphere is very relaxed and the service is attentive.  There are several vegetarian friendly options as well!
Me gusta mucho! I was torn between three and four stars but decided on four because the prices were so reasonable. Although the food wasn't fantastically memorable, it was very good, especially since there were so many vegetarian options at a tapas bar. And I discovered I like quince. Yay! Love adding a new enjoyable food to my repertoire. Waitress was incredibly helpful and even listened to my veggie rants while also recommending wines and taking my vegetarian suggestions into consideration. Will return!
I have never been to the Chicago location, but I hope it's as good as this! We had the garlic shrimp; spicy potatoes; serrano, salchica and chorizo and my favorite, bacon wrapped dates!! YUMMM Ofcourse, I could never go here and NOT order sangria. This time it was just ok. The service this time around was outstanding though!!! Ba ba reeba doesn't dissapoint.
My wife and I love Tapas and this is one of our favorite places for Tapas in Vegas.

We've eaten there a couple times and the food and service has always been good. 

A great place for a larger group, it's fun to order a selection of Tapas to share & pass. Be sure to also leave room to try the Paella, which is very tasty. Also, they have a variety of Sangria's worth trying.

Considering this is Vegas, I was pleasantly surprised how reasonably priced everything was. 

Even though this place is in a Mall, it doesn't feel like it. If you can, get seated outdoors. It's a great view of The Strip right across from The Wynn and fun place to people watch.
I had never been to a tapas place before, and this was a great first time experience.  A friend recommended this place, so my boyfriend and I went here for happy hour. They had $3 tapas and  1/2 off sangrias from 4 to 7pm.

We ordered:
Pintxos:  We ordered all 6 for $8.95. Not on the happy hour menu, but wanted to try it anyways. Yummy!

Spicy potatoes w/ tomato alioli: there were a lot of potatoes on this dish. Yummy and a great value.

Skewered chicken & chorizo w/ sherry alioli: Yummy, but it's only 1 skewer... so about 2 bites.

Chicken empanada w/ red peppers, sherry alioli: Also a great value. One of our favorites.

Skewered beef w/ horseradish cream, red onion relish: same as skewered chicken and chorizo.... Yummy, but only 1 skewer as well.

Spanish meatballs in tomato sauce: comes with 2 large meatballs and 2 small potato pieces.

White peach sangria: refreshing. We shared a pitcher, and it was perfect.
We also got 2 desserts, which I'm not sure what the name was.  Maybe a chocolate tres leche and a milkshake drink.

I really think this place is more 4 stars than 5, but I wanted to help out the overall ratings a bit.  The service was great.  Although the ambiance towards the back of the bar was a little dim, the overall restaurant look and feel was great.  I would love to go back to try the paella and other tapas not on the happy hour menu (there are 10 choices on the happy hour menu).
Its not easy finding cheap eats and drinks on the strip. That's why we love to hit up Ba Ba Reeba when we come to Vegas. 4-7 Happy Hour, the website says M-F but we've been there twice on the weekends and they were running the happy hour. $3 Tapas and 1/2 pitchers of Sangria, which is a Great deal in Las Vegas! 
My favorite Happy Hour Tapas: Spicy potatoes, Mushroom Empanada, Bacon-wrapped dates and the fried peppers. I didn't really like any of the skewers. 
The classic sangria and the peach sangria were my favorites! Take a pitcher to go! They will even give you to-go cups!!! Gotta love Vegas!!!
Pretty good Spanish place in Vegas. I was surprised at how good the food was. We have a lot of Spanish places in Miami and this is one I would frequent if we had one here.

We started with the flat bread appetizer, which was good. We had to stop ourselves from eating every last bit for fear of not leaving room for our food.

My wife had the Valenciana paella and I had the meat paella. Both were really good, and came piping hot in small paella pans which they then plate for you at the table.

Service here was really good, too, and the restaurant had a nice decor.
Went here for my 3rd time. This place is great specially if you're wondering the fashion show mall and you suddenly realize you starving, and you just know the food court isn't what you had in mind...

Today I got both of the specials- swordfish and the lamb (both awesome) I say,...always order the specials at a tapa place- rarely will they let you down!

FYI if you want the happy hour half off tapas you have to be sitting at the bar in order to do so. Which is kind of stupid, but that's just how it goes.... the menu is smaller but hey if you want to save some that's an idea.
White peach sangria for the W haha. This place is on the outside of the fashion show mall and has a great darkly-lite interior with a full bar and very modern decor. Onto the food: awesome; get the paella their house specialty and don't be afraid of the mushroom empanadas they were amazing.
Omg. This place kicked ass. Not only was the waiter really nice, he gave us the happy hour discount even though we didn't sit by the bar (my sister is 15 so we couldn't sit there). That's 50% off for our pitcher of sangria. We had the white peach sangria and it was extremely delicious. The tapas were wonderful too. 
From the Pintxos menu we ordered the shrimp and egg salad on toast and the goat cheese croqueta. The flavors were simple and done perfectly. We savored our two bites. We then ordered the tomato and cheese Spanish flatbread. It was oblong shaped and really pretty. The crust was thin and crispy with a little bit of chewiness. 
My sister was most excited about the chicken paella. It had chunks of chicken and artichokes. Mmm my mouth is watering as I type about this dish. I do wish there were a little more crispy pieces since that's what differs a paella from a rice pilaf but the flavors were there so I'll let this one slide. 

Overall, this place is perfect. Cool ambiance, great food and really nice service.
Excellent deal on Happy Hour! it's Monday-Fridays I believe, and you have to sit at the high tables around the  bar.

Most happy hour places in town are only until 6 pm, and I found out this place has it until 7. All the sangria are half off and $3 tapas (about 8 or so you can select from the happy hour menu)

We tried a pitcher of their blackberry sangria (it's about 6 small glasses), beacon wrapped dates, calamari and some other stuff that i forgot the names of. But the dates and calamari are a must! it's soooo good!

I didn't give it 5 stars because the lighting on the inside is very dark... I could barely see the menu. I'm sure it's more for ambiance, but they could turn up the light a little bit. Also parking in the Fashion Show has  become a pain. I went during mid-week and still spend a while looking for parking spaces in the garage.
this is the place to go for happy hour if you want something out of the norm! sangria + tapas dished for 50% off...

if only we knew it was happy hour before having a seat in the dining area. so minus one star for that. if it wasn't for my friend who read the poster above the urinal in the restroom, we would have never knew! wish our waiter told us...

but i guess that's no reason to give this review any less, because the food here is delicious... small... but delicious. i recommend the empenatas, any paella dish, and their stuffed mushrooms. what else that is awesome about this place is you can order off the strip burger menu as well. i'll be back for happy hour next time...
I thought people came to Las Vegas for good food but I was extremely disappointed by this Tapas bar. Yea sure the happy hour is good but the food sure isn't. 

All I can say is PASS. And go to Mi Luna in Houston, Texas.
So disappointing! We loved this place when we lived in Chicago. The biggest disappointment was that the menus are different and they didn't have our favorite tapas (octopus with potatoes). It was a slow lunch crowd, but the service was pretty spotty. We only ordered one dish plus drinks. It was so meh, that neither my husband nor I can (3 weeks later) even remember what we ate! I suppose it's just as well since we'll never come here again.
The white peach sangria was good, the goat cheese appetizer was tasty, and service was good, but stay away from their "paellas".  I actually could not eat the combination one I got, it was too nasty.  Paellas don't have sauce and they should also have a crust from searing in the pan.  What we got was a gloppy mess.  Inedible.
Definitely okay for drinks and tapas though!
It's ok.  I could be snob-bish & state that it's not even close to food in Spain.  But with the economy & airfare being cheap it's definitely better to go to Barcelona, Madrid, Malaga, or Cadiz etc & enjoy the food & beauty of a dfferent world.  But I digress.  If you want a cheap version of Spanish ham, the serrano ham & caramelized pineapple will do; other best items were the short rib-stuffed piquillo pepper and the mushroom empanada.
This was def the best choice to in that mall plaza section on Las Vegas Blvd.  I've only had tapas a few times and I'm not completely drawn to it because it sounds like I'll order a bunch of things and still not get full.  WRONG.  Well we ordered a lot BECAUSE we were afraid of not getting full.

Walked over here Sunday afternoon and there was no wait.  Awesome.  We got bread and some olive oil right away.  The olive oil was kinda bitter but I don't think its my thing. 

This is what we ordered: 
- Mahi Mahi Tapa (which was the special of the day)  very juicy with yummy veggies with it
- Steamed mussels (my bf said it was good) 
- beef skewers (I like this one because of the carmelized onions and the spicy horseradish) 
- Salmon with veggies
- Seafood Paella (soo yummy but remember it takes about 30 minutes to order) 
- Black Raspberry sangria half pitcher 16 bucks (this was my favorite part because of the fresh fruit!  You HAVE to order the SANGRIA!! 

I really enjoyed the food, had lots of great decorations in the restaurant, and played Spanish themed music in the background which was awesome.  Its just a bit pricey.  It was a lunch for 2 for 75 bucks not including tip.  I will probably come back for the happy hour!
Poor ba ba reeba, setting up shop in a veritable ghost town that is Fashion Show Mall. 
We entered this area only to sample the restaurant's happy hour, on recommendation from a friend.

We've been to Spain, and had tapas from a variety of regions. Of course it's not the same. We're also from a town with a Spanish theme that serves tapas so painfully unrelated to Spanish food that Ba Ba Reeba is doing a decent job of Spanish tapas in a tourist strip of shiny lights and gut busting edible junk.

And the happy hour prices are very good deal, especially given the area.
Just my luck that I enjoy sitting and dining at the bar, since that's where the happy hour prices apply. 
If there'd been four of us, we'd have gotten a portion of every item on the happy hour menu, and two rounds of the pintxos. But there was just two, so we sampled perhaps half the menu.

Favorite pintxos were the egg salad and shrimp on toast, and the fried goat cheese.

Favorite small plates include the meatballs in tomato sauce, the jamon with cheese and olives, and the bacon-wrapped dates. 

We didn't go anywhere near the paella. That's one item I don't take risks on, for fear of disappointment.

We shared three glasses of sangria: peach, passion fruit and cava. The cava was our favorite, light and not cloyingly sweet.

My top pick, though, was the bread and olive oil that comes to the table. The bread really did remind of eating in Spain. A little firm, a little chewy and the olive oil had a strong nutty, grassy flavor, like the simple rustic oil I had in southern Spain. Put some better salt on the table, a little wild thyme in my pocket, and a sherry in my hand, and I'm back in a cafe in Las Negras. 

Our bartender did everything right, coming by just when we may have needed her, fretted on our behalf that the bread hadn't come out yet, asked how we liked this and that, and never hovered. 

Bonus: once you're inside, no obvious noises and lights of casinos.
Food was good. Was also able to sit outside in the middle of February, not bad. It's tapas though, which means high prices, small dishes. This holds true. Just make sure you order enough quantity for your table, I think the quality is good.
One of the few restaurants that I went to without checking the yelp review and I have to warn you it is dissapointing. The best part of the entire experience was the sangria. All the tapas we ordered were bland. It was so bad that we did not even bother with the paella or the desert. I would never go back here. What a waste of a good location and ambience.
closed 2/14/10
Good place to get tapas on the strip.

If you like cured meats and cheese they have a good variety here. Good selection of Spanish cuisine.
I have been here five or six times, and each time I have had a great experience.  The food is very good, and is also reasonably priced.  The sangria is delicious, and the atmosphere is very cool.  They do a great job with big groups as they have two rooms that are both very nice and private.  If you are on the strip and like tapas you have to try this place.
The tapas here were whateves, nothing really stood out to me, the menu was very limited and simple, I think I'll stick to Firefly on Paradise Rd., my first love. But I must admit it was a cute restaurant with nice romantic lighting, cute decor, and decent service; doubt I'll be back for tapas though.
name changed to El Segundo Sol but website remains cafebabareeba.com
Had some good times and great happy hours here.  Sad to see it go.
This place has been CLOSED since February 15th.

http://www.vegaschatter.com/story/2010/2/4/16133/96259/vegas-travel/Cafe_Ba_Ba_Reeba_To_Close_on_February_15
Not shocked this place closed.  The paella was HORRIBLE.  Actually they said it was paella, and I ordered paella, but I've never had what they call paella.  It sure didn't match what I know as paella and what they even showed on their website.  Good riddence!
Tapas. Perfect. White peach sangria. Perfect. The garlic shrimp is a must. Dip everything in the garlic sauce. Perfect sizes. Even the desserts were delectible.
CLOSED Las Vegas location only open in Chicago.
It was the best Tapas in Vegas and for the price, would probably still be(even with the addition of serrano and Jaleo).  I miss this place!
Yay! I'm a fan. I mean I USED to be a fan. This is one of those places that make you a little sad when they close the doors. Hubby and I used to ritually come here for lunch and drinks while in Vegas every trip. I'm going to miss those little tomato toasts with the Serrano ham. They were the MOST PERFECT hangover food EVER. 

RIP, you will be missed!
My husband and I ate here on our trip to Phoenix/Scottsdale in October and it was quite enjoyable.  The menu had many many different options, some more traditional then others.  This is the first place either of us ever tried fish tacos (we're from the East Coast, cut us some slack!) and they were amazing!  My husband did a wine flight which he liked, we found our server to be extremely helpful when we asked his advice.

Update:
Ok, so now I've been living in Scottsdale for almost a year and Tapino is a staple for us.  Its really one of the closest "nice" (its not like its fine dining) restaurants to us.  

I have to say that I don't find the portions to really be small.  Go to any trendy small plates restaurant in any city and the sizes of the plates will be the same.  Its all about savoring the way the different ingredients come together, not about shoveling food into your face. My husband and I always order about 4 plates and its always the perfect amount.  I think we may have gone over $100 once or twice but that included a LOT of wine. 

The service I find to be very personable.  On one particular night we had finished our mussels with lots of the broth left over.  Recognizing that our server brought us over some bread for dipping.  (She must have read our minds!)
The whole experience here was interesting and different.  I had heard some good things about this restaurant.  When we arrived we were promptly seated at a nice table right in the middle of the restaurant. Unfortunately there was an extremely noisy birthday party going on to the point where we could not hear each other.  The party was sectioned off but was really noisy.  We asked to be moved to another room or place and they moved us to the corner which was a little better. We found out as we left that there was another room that was about half full that would have been nice for us or better yet the birthday party.
As for the food, it was different and some of it was very good.  With the help of our waitress we tried six dishes with two orders of each for four of us.  The dishes are listed below in terms of how we liked them.
1. Eggplant Canneloni--outstanding dish with a lot of good flavors.  Different and delicious.  I am not a lover of eggplant and I loved this dish.
2. Snapper Mini-Tacos--Also very good--good fish, spicy and very tasty.  Would definitely order this again
3. Braised Short Rib--Tender, tasty and very good overall.
4. Latin Yucca Frites--I liked this better than my friends but they could have been better.  Prepared in an oil type marinade that was mostly at the bottom, meaning the frites at the bottom had the full effect and those were good.   Uneven dish.
5. Stuffed dates with Pancetta--another very unusual dish.  Okay but not anything I would have again.  Nice blend with Pancetta and gorgonzola--date was very sweet--okay but not great.
6. Lump Crabcakes--we were all disappointed with this dish.  Not much crab and the flavor was somewhat bland.  
Overall it was a nice place but with all of the good choices in Scottsdale I am not sure I would go back again.
last night a friend and i stopped by tapino because of all the great reviews here and we were very pleased at the choice.  We barely made it to happy hour in the vino lounge, but the server was very friendly and even gave us a last call 5 minutes before 7PM so we could order a second round.  for $45 we shared 4 glasses of wine and 5 tapas, which ended up being the perfect sized meal for two girls who'd just eaten about a pound of chocolate. (see seven sisters review!) 

the yucca frites with argentinian chimmi churri were a highlight for us. much denser than potato fries, they had a creamier texture and the chimmi churri was delicious.  we also tried 3 different cheeses all of which were excellent, and the eggplant cannelloni which was good but nothing to write home about. 

the wine lounge is an outdoor deck draped with white curtains and white couches and ottomans, it is very chic but unpretentious and we had a great time! there wasn't a crowd of people outside, which was nice, but of course it was only a wednesday evening.  we hung out until 9ish then walked around the strip mall before heading out. 

calm atmosphere, friendly staff throughout, comfortable seating and yummy food. the wine wasn't bad either.  delightful!
I'm in love with their happy hour. $5 glasses of wine, $5 tapas, and $5 cocktails. The happy hour menu is simple, but amazingly tasty...I have never seen lobster corndogs on a menu before. I love the goat cheese as well. I've not done dinner here before because I can't get past happy hour with out filling up. My only problem with the restaurant  is that it can be loud and dark.
Great happy hour. $5 tapas/wine/cocktails. It had been a long time since my last time there and had to ask myself why?! Tapino! I've missed you! The chef does an excellent job in food presentation & originality. But more than that, the flavors pop in your mouth. 

Must try: crab corn dogs (so nostalgic), duck tortillas, yucca frites to name a few. 

I must agree w/ another reviewer. The outdoor patio is the place to be. The waitstaff is usually outstanding too! 

Bon Appetite!
My advice: do not go here on an empty stomach.

So you might be wondering if I know what the word "tapas" means after that comment. Yes, yes, I am fully aware that tapas are small, dainty portions. However, a girl with a steak sized appetite cannot afford to get full at this joint!

We went here last Friday night and left hungry. Part of it was because my in laws were in town and apparently eat like birds (which you wouldn't know from looking at them), but part of it was because you can't eat enough here to get full.

Don't get me wrong - every morsel of food I put in my mouth here was to die for. The fried goat cheese just melted in my mouth, and the ricotta fondue was tantalizing. However, I'd like more than a bite. This is a meal, not a strip tease.

The portions were ridiculously small. Yes, tapas are small, but these were like tapas for ants. I have never been to a tapas restaurant with portions this tiny. I know I am from New Orleans where we eat way too much, but get real - people are normally hungry at dinner time! It actually doesn't matter if the portions are small if you can afford to order twice as much, but the portions are very small and overpriced at normal dinner time. Maybe for happy hour I would have had a different reaction, but I came here expecting to leave full and we had to make Kraft Mac and Cheese when we got home.

Isn't it sad when 99 cents of Mac and Cheese satisfies you more than $100 worth of tapas?

The outdoor patio looked cool......I think the next time I come here I will fix myself a New Orleans sized serving of Mac and Cheese ahead of time and just drink the wine. 

I will say their trio of creme brulee was pretty tasty, though.........
Tapino looks like a chain restaurant, but fools you with the decent food...I went last night with my wife and family for dinner and had a really good time.  Tapas lends itself to sharing and trying things that you wouldn't normally order.  
I had the lobster corn dogs ( yes, they were great ) and the braised short ribs ( even better than you think ).  My wife had the artichokes and mussels, which were both well done.  In a myriad laps, the plates that came by included escargot ( great ! ), pork kabobs ( awesome ), foie gras ( good ), pommes frittes ( a bit soggy, but good ), and 
risotto ( undercooked ).  The creme brulee was marvelous...
Everything was decently priced and the service was fair...
I would go back again and grab a bite at the bar and do a happy hour thing.  Like I said earlier, looks like a chain version of a much smaller place..Good food, fair prices, but could stand to maybe be in a space half its size...
Super atmosphere... the dining room, the bar and the swish outdoor patio are all wonderful. The lounge-y relaxed style is perfect for hanging out after dinner with friend(s).

I have been going here for a couple of years, and have always been impressed by the friendly, knowledgeable staff.
I love tapas.
I love their tapas.

However, each time I go here, I end up dropping hundreds of dollars.... sigh.  So I actually haven't been in awhile.  I guess the tiny portions just make me want to order EVERYTHING :)

I love the corn dogs.  Yum.  Corn dogs.
I really like this place, especially for happy hours.  Their happy hour specials are $5 for wines and tapas.  Can't beat that!!!  Be warned if you go during normal hours, your tab runs up very quickly.  Their appetizer portions are small but VERY scrumptious.  I really enjoy the carpaccio.  Its hard to make a full meal out of the appetizers, though.  And their wines are very good...  I have sipped some of the best tasting wines at this place.  And on a nice day, its great to sit in the lounge area outside.  The couches are comfortable and its a very relaxed atmosphere.
During our trip to Scottsdale we decided to stop at Tapino's after reading about it here on Yelp.  It was a great decision to make.  From the moment we pulled up to the front of the restaurant we were impressed with its patio seating area.  Once inside the staff was welcoming and professional.  Happy Hour has to be one of the better ones I have been to over the years, the $5 Tapas, Martinis, and Wine cannot be beat.  As for the food, it was flavorful and there was enough to satisfy my hunger.  When in the Scottsdale area I will always make it a point to stop at Tapino Wine Bar.
I've been to Tapino twice now, both in order to go to a "Flight School"--basically a wine tasting/learning class. 

The first time we went we were early so we got some appetizers at the bar. It was happy hour so select appetizers were $5. We got a really delicious beef carpacio that had little fried capers on it, and dates stuffed with blue cheese that didn't work as well. These eased our hunger and sent us over to the flight school area, a front corner of the restaurant walled in with wine crates. We tasted four great wines paired with cheese all for only 15$! 

The second time we came, we really got our money's worth--3 wines were over $60 a bottle retail, and totally amazing. Afterwards, we got glasses of wine at the bar with help from one of the bartenders, who was very nice and knowledgeable. 

I would definitely recommend both the restaurant and the flight school (you can find the schedule on their website--it's held every Thursday). The staff are all great, and it's great to support local business.
I will be honest, I think your best bet with this place would be to go for happy hour ($5 wine, $5 appetizers) or on a date where someone else is paying.
Really really amazing food but I just got home and am sitting in my condo still hungry since the 5 plates I split with my best friend and myself really did not fill me up...boo.   And no, we really aren't that bad of fatties..
Rundown...........................................
BBQ Sea scallops...AMAZING
Asparagus... amazing presentation, very tasty
Goat cheese and apple salsa...If I had it my way (and calories didn't count) I would eat this every day
Tomatoes and beets...ehh...just okay
Spicy blue cheese....not good and very tiny.  Just a piece of cheese and 2 mini pieces of bread

Really tasty but just not enough food for the money.  I agree with Steve R on coming for drinks and just a bite either before or after an event.
Great selection of wines and tapas. I love their outdoor seating, it started raining when we were there, it felt like you're on an island. Not really a good place to eat if you're really hungry, but great if you're looking for a quiet hang out and a light meal.
This place is just  consistently great, with great service.

The wine list is great, and I just really enjoy the small-plate experience.  It allows you to try a bunch of things without getting too stuffed (which allows you to drink a bit more wine)!

The pancetta-wrapped gorgonzola stuffed dates are SUBLIME.  We also got the lobster corn dogs -- very fun, with great dipping sauces.
Chef James Porter is a great inspiration in the way he is dedicated to using quality local ingredients at Tapino.  To top it off, his kitchen masterfully executes the cooking to bring out the best in each ingredient.  Even something as simple as french fries was super addictive with the creative use of Indian spices, delicious aioli and most important of all not-your-average potatoes that tasted extra potatoey. 

Happy hour is served everyday 5pm-7pm and even though the price of everything else has gone up (as a small food biz owner I know all too well), small plates and wines are still only $5.  I have no idea how he makes any money at these prices.   The portions were perfect for the two of us and we order 4 plates (corndog, carpaccio, duck confit tacos and clams) plus the fries.

Outdoor seating is beautiful and relaxing.  Service was friendly and professional.  I've already planned my next meal here - the white truffle dinner on Nov 12th which is only $125 for five courses with wines paired.  There's no way you can get that low a price for that kind of a menu in LA, SF or NY.  We're talking lobster pot pie, pork belly sous vide, veal and even truffle in the dessert.   Boy do I love living in this city when we have restaurants like Tapino.  By supporting restaurants like this, we are also supporting local producers which keeps much needed dollars in this state.  Forgive me if I sound like a politician - must be all the debates...
I'm not from the area, so it totally baffles me that AZ has so many great restaurants in strip malls.  Tapino is one of them.

I didn't sit in the main dining room but at the bar and was very well taken care of by our bartender.  We started off with the $5 happy hour menu and then began ordering off the regular menu.

Lobster Corn Dogs - nice sweet crispy crust and sweet lobster mixed with the sweet chili sauce made this taste like dessert.  They also came with two other dipping sauces but I was pleased with the first one I tried.

Beef Carpaccio - I'm not a big fan of beef but this was a great dish.  The fried capers on top added a nice salty crunchy bite.

Halibut - I love fish and this was a tasty tasty dish.

Grilled Flat Iron Steak w/ Chimmichurri Sauce - Like I said, I'm not a big red meat eater but this one hit the spot as well.  The sauce was great.  The outside of the meat was salty crisp while the inside was still juicy and tender.

Hummus - I wasn't a huge fan of the hummus.  Instead of it being nice and creamy it was quite lumpy and felt a bit like wallpaper paste.  

Our bartender kept our wine glasses full and even gave us a free sampling to compare to the wine we were currently drinking.  His generosity and knowledge of wines was very appreciated.

When I'm back in the AZ area, I'd definitely come back to try out the rest of the menu.
We went for drinks and had a little something to eat. The wine list was good. We got there for a late happy hour, so selected glasses of wine were 5 bucks. All the wines we tried were excellent. Some of us made the mistake of getting a mojito martini... Mojitos are good, martinis are good, mojito martinis... not so much...

We sat outside, one of the owners was at the table next to us and lit the outdoor heater so we wouldn't be cold. He was very nice, talked a little about how he had lived in Portland before, he didn't seem to miss it...

We were too late to get any real food, so we got the lobster corn dogs. I thought these were a little misleading, it was more like a seafood thing, not a lobster thing, not bad, I was expecting lobster meat...
Tapino is a great place to go for wine and a little bit of fancy food. 
If you want to gorge yourself, the Claim Jumper is in the same parking lot... but if you want to relax and eat something tasty and have a great evening, Tapino is a much better choice!

The atmosphere in the restaurant is great, the service is unfailingly helpful, and Chef Porter really makes amazing and interesting food and loves doing so. I personally think you can tell when food is prepared by a chef who is passionate about what they're making, and Tapino only proves that.

The prices are really not that bad... maybe I'm ruined on affordability because I live in California, but it doesn't seem all that expensive to me. You're paying for a lot of things when you order a restaurant, not just quantity. (If you just want quantity, see above.) The normal plates (non-happy-hour) run 8-12 each... 2-3 of those easily make a full meal. I had 3 last time... one of which was the beet and tomato salad, amazing... and I was full. I'm not some 100lb waif either, trust me. 

All in all, this is definitely a place I would go again, particularly if my primary aim in eating out is less to fill up and more to relax and enjoy myself. Which is how eating out should be~
An impromptu Sunday night dinner invite from my significant other brought Tapino into my life.  I had no idea I was about to eat some of the best food of my life.  Let me say also that this was my first experience with tapas and that I'm by no means an experienced wine drinker, though I'm enthusiastic to learn.

The atmosphere was chill.  It was classy, no doubt.  I may have been a tad under dressed in jeans since I had no idea where I was going (downtown girl through and through) but was not treated any less by the waitstaff.  Chill downtemp/trip-hop was playing.  We were seated inside.  There was good mood lighting (even if they did have fake candles at the table).

What ensued was a stream deliciousness.  Everything was delicious. Everything. My favorite were the bacon wrapped dates and the short rib.  We drank a bottle of AZ stronghold. We ordered about 11 different plates between 2 of us.  We did not leave hungry but were not stuffed.

The service was excellent.  Very pleasant waitstaff.  My guy was a little irked that the wine was slightly chilled, I guess its suppose to be room temp.  It was still delicious to me.

The whole experience was so awesome.  A great pre-cursor to a hot sex.  Heh. I will definitely be back.
This was a spur of the moment outing for my lady and I. I felt like eating and drinking something nice, so I brought her to Tapino. Been there once before, so I knew what I was getting into. 

We went on a Sunday night, the place was empty. We were promptly seated at a two-top near the kitchen. The ambiance was laid back yet sophisticated. The serving staff were professional and knowledgeable. 
My only qualm about the whole evening was that the bottle of Red wine I ordered, was served way too chilled. I'm not a Cork Dork by any means, but I do have a basic knowledge of wine, and wine serving etiquette. 
None the less, as the evening progressed the wine warmed up and the flavors came out. 

As far as food, my lady and I each ordered 3 or 4 plates the first go around. The server intelligently coursed them out herself, sending out the lighter dishes first in pairs and moving into the next two, etc. I thought that was slick. She could of just dumped 8 plates on us. 
The Short Rib was tasty as all hell, I watched my girl's eyes rolled back into her head as she nibbled on the first bite of that dish. 
I was thoroughly pleased with everything in that round so much that we each ordered 2 more dishes. The not-too-clever anymore "bacon and eggs" was delicious, no matter how many times I've had it at other places. The pork belly was perfectly braised and brings a smile to my face as I write about it. 

In closing. Go to Tapino, get a bottle of wine, prepare to spend a little cash. Enjoy good conversation, good food and good wine. 
Live Happy.
loved this place!

we got here at around 10pm on a Thursday night...it was dark and only the bar and lounge were open, dimly lit and super-intimate(which I loved).

Jamie wasn't terribly hungry(and I oughtn't to have been, but I kind of was)...so we ordered the artichokes(soaked in a lemon-basil olive oil--tender, a bit greasy), the foie gras(crispy with smoky-sauteed mushrooms and sweet cubed apple), the clams(AMAZING--only slightly spicy, with a kick of lime and cilantro, nice and buttery with a hint of white wine), and the butternut squash ravioli(a bit of a letdown--the squash filling needs FLAVOR--more sweetness, more spice, something). 

we also had the Ice Wine flight(the apple wine was divine--so sweet, but not sticky. the Franc had a bit of a perfumy taste to it, but it didn't last long and I loved it. the Vidal Blanc was complex and delicious. and the Jaden Pinot had a similar perfumy taste, but was more alike to the Vidal)...they were all spectacular.

for dessert, we had the S'mores(way better than I'd ever hoped--soft and super RICH, with whipped, toasted marshmallows)...they were amazing with the Bordeaux Labory(which was a very good wine, indeed--not intense, but with strong flavors of lead, which were absorbed and weakened by the thick chocolate of the S'mores)...we also had the Creme Brulee tasters...also kind of a letdown. the chocolate and vanilla ones had strong flavors, very rich...but the other two were basically...blah.

after everything, I had the Gruet Grand Rose, a wonderfully strong, not overwhelmingly sweet bubbly from New Mexico.

oh! and our server, Dina(Deena?) was awesome...she and I turned out to both be from the NYC area, and she gave us some confidential places to check out when we head to Manhattan next week :)
I liked it here.  I had wanted to go for a long time with one of my best restaurant companions, but I wound up going with four of my girlfriends from high school during a 'summer kick-off resort weekend' (yes, we actually did that...wow, that's hilarious to type) in Scottsdale. 

Anyway...as I said, I liked it.  I don't think my friends were as in love.  Not all of them drink (so they weren't impressed by the awesome wine selection--I had a glass of a delicious White Knight), and not all of them quite understood the concept of tapas...to order lots of little dishes to create a full meal.  The four of them were very frustrated with how little food they could get for their dollar.  One girl ordered a salad which turned out to be essentially three leaves of lettuce. To be fair to these girls, the tapas were particularly small...really really yummy, but very small.

Ultimately, it would have been better for us to go somewhere else, but I would completely want to go back to Tapino and experience it with some wine lovers and some people that understand the tapas concept...and some other friends who are willing to expand their restaurant horizons beyond Applebees.

I would especially love to sit on all white couches on the all white tented patio, it looked so relaxing.

However, one complaint.  I frown on tapas restaurants that use their status as such as excuse of having way way way too small food portions...while the rest was delicious and adequate (the corn dogs were especially savory), the three leaf salad had Tapino walking that line...so I'm definitely putting it on warning for this near infraction.
OMG! This place is awesome...my new favorite fancy date night place that won't be breaking budget. 
We had 3 dishes each which left us with barely enough room for the yummy deserts. My chef suggested trio was a recession friendly $24 for crunchy cream fried risotto balls, followed by halibut and lobster chunks and finished off by 2 giant prawns (these suckers were half the size of my palm), Mean while, P. ordered roasted cauliflower, froi gras, and snails. We ended up splitting everything including the deserts of cream brulee (trio again with vanilla, chocolate and grand marnier) and fried to order donut holes. 
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.
The restaurant was nearly empty when my friend and I went for dinner and wine on a Tuesday night.  It must be the recession...  We each got the suggested three dishes.  They are not at all small compared to other tapas places.  We had the fried goat cheese, butternut squash ravioli, braised short rib, sea scallops, ahi tuna, and clams.  They have a big wine list.  I am not a wine aficionado, but I enjoyed my glass.  The wait was experienced and coursed out our food for us.  For dessert, we had the creme brulee tasting spoons which was awesome.  Overall, a great meal with great service in a nicely decorated restaurant.  More people should go!
*Disclaimer:  I'm biased because I love Tapino!

I absolutely hate reviewing restaurants after only going to them once, especially if they impress me the first time around; a fantastic restaurant must have *consistency*.  And here is where Tapino simply excelled (well, in addition to the food, and the service, and the atmosphere).

Each time I've been here, I've conveniently made it in time for happy hour... mmmm... so much deliciousness can be gotten for either $5 a plate, or $5 a glass.  The alcohol and food listed on their happy hour menu, though not extensive, definitely offers something for every taste.  I can have a sweeter Scheurebe while others may enjoy a nice Sauvignon Blanc (yech).  For the non-wine drinker, there's generally 5 drinks (martinis, mojitos, etc).  For the non-alcohol drinker, um... I don't know what to say to you... I'm sorry?

The food... ah... the food.  It's delicious, what can I say.  Admittedly, there have been a few items I have only mildly liked, but it was more buyer and user error.  If I *know* I don't like a particular flavour, I probably shouldn't deliberately order something with it.  Sigh.  But there are a few items that just tip the scale so much in Tapino's favor: the beef carpacio is absolutely delicious, the asparagus with the yellow sausce streaked around the edges is Yummy with a capital "Y".  

But reading the other reviews, not only here but elsewhere, a growing discontent is swelling up inside of me... why don't owners ever come and say "hi" to me?  I'm friendly, funny, and usually slightly tipsy.... Why???
Took Mom for dinner Monday night. This was the second time I took her here, and it'll be the last! Guess Tapino just isn't for her. Out of the three small plates we shared, she only enjoyed the lamb kabob over quinoa ($9). It was the second-best dish of the three I enjoyed.

I'd wanted to try a glass of rose ($7), since Mom is a fan, but she was "too tired" to have wine, so I'll have to bookmark that for next visit. We started w/ the butternut squash ravioli w/ sage butter ($8; mmm... I adore brown butter and sage... My Mom, however, doesn't). I appreciated the sweet creaminess of the squash puree against the slight toothiness of the ravioli. The sage butter added just enough salt to the dish, while the toasted candied pecan bits on top added impeccable crunch! How I wished I had all three pieces! (She ate one and didn't even enjoy it! How infuriating! LOL)The second dish we tried was the baked escargots w/ butter, parsley, lemon, and puff pastry ($7). Compared to the multi-faceted ravioli dish, this was a bit disappointing. While I enjoyed the textures that the snails and crunchy puff pastry offered (TOO crunchy, if you ask me! Those babies were bordering on hard! Where's the "puff?," I ask.), the butter and parsley treatment fell flat. Mom again only had one. I believe there were 6 total. Don't misunderstand- I still ate all the rest... I was hungry!! :D

Last, but not the least, came the skewer of lamb kabob (3 pcs; $9) w/ bell peppers and onions, served over cold saffron quinoa w/ cucumber sauce (served on the side).  Thankfully, the lamb pieces were savory enough not to have needed the sauce. Loved the quinoa.

Check out the photos I took... I'll have to take a photo of the ravioli on my next visit!
I came here years ago, and I still remember is being one of the tastiest and most expensive meals I have ever had.  The wine flights are totally worth it and so is the Quail - very good....

I came here 2 years ago, so my memory is not that fresh, I just remember it being a very nice time.
First of all, this has nothing to do with Tapino's food or service. It may be great. In fact, that's what we were hoping.

Secondly, we are big fans of what Chef Porter is trying to do. We have great respect for them advocating the locavore movement & using local farms & vendors. We're huge fans of local farmers markets & buy all our produce there. We're also huge fans of local independent restaurants & business and patronize them as much as possible.

So the birthday fail begins...

One more thing. Birthdays in my family are a big deal. Food is a big deal. We all grew up working in my dad's restaurant (the Glass Door) & food is hugely important to us. For birthdays, we do a fancy dinner & a family dinner. This was a family dinner. Lots of thought goes into choosing the place for each occasion. This was also my wife's birthday. Kind of a big deal for me. 

For family dinner, we all go so we need a place that isn't too hard on the budget & that suits different dietary needs (some vegetarians, some food allergies). Looked at a ton of places & figured that we should try Tapino as they had a great food/drink special & we were into what they are doing. Figured it would be a gateway meal to us coming back a great deal more. 

Ok, very last thing, kids... So we brought our kids. We've brought our kids out to eat since they were born & they know & appreciate good food. They've been places like Sea Saw, Nobu, Bouchon, etc. They know how to behave & are always expected to behave.

So to the story...

Called Tapino yesterday & spoke to the manager & asked if they could take a party of 12 for happy hour. She said they normally don't take reservations for happy hour but would be ready for us. Asked if they had 2 high chairs for the kids. She said no but they had low chairs & low tables on the patio that would work great. So we're in good shape, right?

Well today, I walk in myself (without kids) & say that we are here for the party of 12 w/kids. The hostess said no kids allowed in bar nor on patio (as they allow smoking on the patio) & they don't serve happy hour in the restaurant & just lets it sit at that. Pretty weird. Was almost as if they'd were ready for us. 

Ok, so if you don't want kids in your place...at least tell us. I dragged 12 people out & set their expectations & was excited to have the perfect place to celebrate my wife's birthday. Then we get there & you say sorry, nope?

Also, there wasn't a single person in the restaurant at this time. It was about 5:45. Not one.

I'm like in shock so I tell her I spoke with someone yesterday & she understood our situation & that we were coming in. She said that she was right there when I spoke with her manager & they don't allow kids in the bar or on the patio & they don't do happy hour in the resturant. Ok, I get it. Probably heard this 7 times when I was there.

Might as well have said go away, leave, we don't want you here.

She eventually said that the manager was there & she'd have her come talk with me.

During the wait, I asked about last night's locavore dinner & told her we were excited to be there as we'd been following them on Chowhound & the Phoenix Hound Gathering group. Also told her I'd been talking with one of the farmers that was in for the previous night's event. Basically I let her know we know what they did & were into it. Might have factored in a bit? Nope.

Eventually, the manager came out & they chatted.

The manager then came over & changed the story & said we could sit in the bar at a couple of benches but kept reiterating that the kids couldn't make any noise nor move around at all. Ok, fine. First of all, we expect the kids to behave. If she'd left it with one mention, maybe we'd have just sat down. But with repeated mentions of no noise, no moving around, it was obvious they didn't want us there. I told her I felt that way & she said that wasn't the case but it rang quite hollow.

I went outside to talk with the family & figured we'd probably go elsewhere as we really weren't wanted. Went in to tell the hostess (manager was nowhere around) & got a perfunctory sorry.

Just seems like such a customer service failure. If they'd wanted us there, they could have refrained from making us feel unwelcome. Or if they were uncomfortable with kids being in the bar or on the patio, they could have easily set us up in the empty restaurant & offered us the same food/drink.

Or they could have told us their mantra "no kids in the bar or on the patio, no happy hour in the restaurant" on the phone. 

Maybe it was a bad situation for them but if it were me, I would have tried a little bit harder to find a solution that wouldn't have so alienated us.

I don't know. I'm epxecting to see Chef Porter at OTFM & am friends with people who work with him & maybe we'll come back (sans kids of course) but right now it sure doesn't feel like it & it's a major bummer as Tapino seems like a place that is doing excactly what we love & we could have been huge fans.
Still high marks on the food, but would have to agree with Chris L on uneven quality of service.
Been several times, always to the bar area or the patio. Highly suggest the patio for a girls nite out: classy & casual at the same time, fun, upbeat, great place to chat it up.  Great selection of wine by the glass, unique little (i do mean tiny) appies to nosh on.
I was feeling in a "tapas" mood one night and decided to try Tapino, which is literally 5 minutes away from where we reside. As we arrive the location, we sat in the bar for their Happy Hour specials. Several tapas, specialty drinks and wine glasses are $5 during this time. So, we both go crazy ordering off the $5 specials and ended up with a heck of a meal.
Hands down, the escargot, puff pastry and garlic butter was the best! 

The globally-inspired tapas were great, except for the clams, where I found the sauce a tad too salty. The curry fries delivered a punch and found them quite adventurous. Our drinks consisted of Sangria Martinis, which were great.

I will definitely come back again, and maybe lounge in the outside patio next time, which looked very inviting. Thanks Tapino..

Gen
been there once a few months ago for happy hour, enjoyed our cocktails & especially the malbec wine. we had 2 appetizers, the goat cheese one was good. can't wait to go back
The folks at Tapino need to buy a dictionary and look up the word "Hospitality".  I have never been so offended in my life as a patron of a restaurant.  I had the owner or manager personally come to our table and let us no that we had to "be cool" and make sure we kept it down (for the 1 other table on the other side of the restaurant?) When he returned a second time to lecture us like 10 year olds, I canceled the appetizers and we left and went to Mastro's City Hall where we racked up a tab of $1,000 and were treated accordingly.  From what I noticed from the Friday night crowd at Tapino's and the poor customer service, I don't think this strip mall blunder is going to make it!
There's so few fine restaurants in Scottsdale that aren't part of a chain from LA. I'm glad I had the opportunity to have a few tapas at Tapino while I was in town. The outdoor patio is ideal for the warm desert air; and the pink glow of the couches look inviting for a couple's first date. 

Of course, tapas are best shared in groups. And in our group of four, we cleared: escargot in garlic butter, deep-fried cauliflower with aioli, roasted artichoke, fish and chips, pork taquitos, flatiron steak, lamb kabob, duck confit, and beef carpaccio. You'll have to go to the restaurant to read the descriptions of each dish. I really can't do them justice in a truncated Yelp review.
I loved the vegetarian selection, and the prices were quite reasonable for Vegas dining!

I liked it so much I dragged my friends in for a second meal here. I had:

-potato & onion omelette/tortilla espanola
-marinated manchego cheese/queso manchego al romero
-spicy potatoes with tomato alioli/patatas bravas
-goat cheese baked in tomato sauce/queso de cabra al horno
-mushroom empanada, porcini alioli/empanada de setas
-roasted red pepper spanish pizza
-black raspberry sangria

The porcini alioli was heavenly! My two favorite dishes were the goat cheese baked in tomato sauce, and the mushroom empanada. The Spanish pizzas are a surprisingly good deal (lots of food for not too much). 

I looooooooved the sangria.
closed 2/14/10
I'm so sad that they closed this place down and turned it into a Mexican cantina. They had the best tapas and sangria happy hour in Las Vegas!
K. We went here because it was close to The Boulders where we were staying and they have a tapas menu, which we were in the mood for. Guess this place has only been here for 2 months or so... Not sure WHAT their theme is other than high end'ish...

Tapas are only available @ the bar (we found this out after we were seated @ our table- and therefore we promptly moved to the bar!)...

We had: the rosemary bread fondue (couldn't taste the rosemary...), cesaer salad (I loved the strong garlic flavor, my other half didn't) and the "Hot Rock}" which was close to orgasmic. They serve small pieces of fillet, and ahi with dipping sauces and a VERY hot rock to "cook" yer stuff on. Great concept. 

But, the best part was the "experiment" the chef presented us with and that was foie gras, a biscut and currant jelly. The foie melted on the rock and just opened up the creamy texture... Combined with the biscut and jelly, it was yummy.

For dessert we had the blueberry strudel (too mealy) with sesame ice cream (awesome!) and the apple tart tartan which was also good (cinnamon ice cream- good, but give me more of the sesame ice cream!)...

I hope this place succeeds...
When I heard there was a new Asian-Fusion restaurant, I had to try it.  Luc's (pronounced Lucks) attention to detail was exquisite.  The ambiance and decor were very lavish and in vogue at the same time.  Painted designs on the wall, one of Napoleon, with sheer drapes hanging made it very attractive to look around.  The chairs were unbelievably stylish.  My favorite of the decor was a hand blown glass chandelier that was imported from Italy.  Before any food arrived, I was already impressed with chic wine carafes, dark wood chopsticks and unique ultra-trendy flatware.  There were lots of diverse selections on the menu.  The food was very good and the presentation of it was even better.  I had hamachi wrapped around lettuce.  The shrimp and lobster bisque that also had gnocchi in it was poured in a bowl (that looked like a flying saucer) tableside.  The micro greens salad came with little shots of vegetable and fruit drinks.  The most interesting entree was the Sauteed Mexican White Prawns.  They came on top of rice cakes and were "fiery" hot!  I had salmon, which was not my favorite, but I didn't care because I loved the side order that it came with.  It was a grain that had edamame with vegetable caviar and a spicy sauce.  The dessert menu obviously looked good as we were three people and ordered three desserts.  I had the homemade ice cream and it was amazing.  Speaking of amazing, our waitress was just that.  She was not only nice and friendly, but extremely knowledgeable with the food menu as well as the wine menu.  Luc's was definitely worth the drive to experience.
I've been meaning to try out Luc's ever since they started the remodel from the previous restaurant. I only live a few minutes away, so my close restaurant choices are pretty sparse. I finally went with my husband during happy hour. That is the only reason that I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 star. Their cocktails are very tasty and potent and they are half price at happy hour! 

The food however was generally not good, especially for the prices they charged. We had the pork belly with avocado empanada and the Kona Kampachi served on a salt block. I've eaten a lot of fine dining over the years, so small portion sizes do not bother me as long as the food quality is there. Well, at Luc's the food quality is not good. The Kampachi tasted a bit like mackerel and the portion size was barely 3 small bites. That fish was definitely not fresh and for $14, it was tremendously overpriced. The pork belly was a bit better, but they could have cooked it differently in order to get the fat to a nice crisp instead of a mush that didn't quite melt in my mouth. The empanada dough was underdone and the avocado filling was barely present.   You can watch a couple of the cooks in the open kitchen. I got a look at the scallops they were plating. They were the size of a quarter and looked pretty well seared, probably indicating that they were overdone. The chef had a glazed look in his eyes and looked bored to tears for the whole time I was there. The front of the house, however, was extremely enthusiastic.

So my advice is to go during happy hour (5pm - 7pm daily, I believe), sit at the bar and just get drinks. The decor is fun to look at and the bartender we had was very attentive and made good cocktails.
LUC'S IS CLOSED - WILL REOPEN IN JANUARY 2009 UNDER ANOTHER NAME

Beautiful dining room and presentations, warm and attentive service."
Just learned that they lost their chef (Gio Osso) to the Estate House. 

The owners and staff are very welcoming and accommodating, in the sense that they are truly gracious hosts, who don't take their patrons for granted like some other fine dining restaurants. I disagree with some of the other reviews that mention that "the food was generally not good." Luc's is a destination for foodies like myself, who appreciate some unusual yet delicious culinary creations.

I consider Luc's to be one of the best kept secrets in Scottsdale and a worthy competitor to Binkley's restaurant in Cave Creek.

I have a lot of faith in the creative team that is behind Luc's, from the standpoint that that their cuisine is not only very tasty, but dynamic for a contemporary American restaurant. In fact, Luc's is ahead of its time that keeps attracting adventurous diners from all over the valley
First off I have to say the food was really great.  I would go back for that in a second.  However, the service was awful.  My friends and arrived about 1.5 hours before closed.  The entire time the waiter seemed to be annoyed that we were in there.  He must have had other things to do.  It was a Sunday, but there were also other people in there.  The entire time he was frank, short, and very unpleasant.  We felt like we were putting him out.  All of us have waited tables at some point and we would have understood the attitude if we had walked in a half hour prior to close.  But we didn't.  Yes the waiter took away the dishes when we were done.  But, he also would just put a tapa plate down annoyingly and walk away and take plates away before we were even finished.  Also when they "ran" out of a sauce for one of the desserts, he didn't even tell us until we brought it up.  Then he brought us a cold glob of caramel and didn't even apologize.  It was the rudest service I've had in a long time.  I could tolerate it if it was a cheaper restaurant but not at an mid to expensive restaurant.  It will take a lot of convincing to have me go back again.
I have noticed other yelpers complaining that this is not a traditional tapas restaurant, but it does not claim to be.  There is nothing traditonal about this place.  There are a few traditional tapas on the menu, but the purpose to have an original dining experience, step back in time, chill with our fave icons and share small portions of somewhat avant garde dishes.  I wanted to rate this restaurant higher because I really enjoyed the experience, but the food is not the greatest.

The restaurant is long and narrow with stylish retro red barstools lining the bar the full length of the restaurant.  Tables are small and fit in well with the decor which inculdes life-sized portraits of icons such as Marilyn Monroe and Clint Eastwood.

My favorite tapa was the fish fry.  The fish was tender and flavorful and served in a unique way.  What a concept...making the Friday fish fry into a fun and tastey tapa.  My least favorite was the flat bread...just a few chopped items.  Some menu items were inspired by our icons, such as the carmelized bananas with peanut ice cream for Elvis.  The chocolate moose was delicious.  

They have a creative drink menu which are themed after the icons with names from films or famous quotes.  I drank a "Rebel without a Cause".  This drink was a refreshing blend of citrus vodka muddled with a generous amount of basil and mint.

Prices are reasonable.  I will likely return on one of my visits to Madison.  This is a fun place to go with a group before heading to bars near the capitol.
The menu reads well (not classic tapas, I agree) and the presentation is good  but the execution and flavors are lacking.  With the anchovies appetizer, we only tasted mayonnaise; with the ahi tuna tartare, only tasted olive brine; with the jamon flatbread, microwaved cheese.  The service was excellent but I am sorry to say, we ordered the right quantity of food to fill us but it did not taste like anything going down.
I think my real rating would be more like a 3.5, but since I can't do that, I'll err toward the better side.

Our server, lemme say, was GREAT - funny, nice, very available, very helpful in menu recommendations/wine selection/reminding us of upcoming specials, etc. I'm pretty sure his name was Travis, but I won't make any promises.  Anyway - he was very friendly & definitely a pro.

The menu was extensive - there would definitely be something for even the pickiest of eaters.  I'm not a tapas expert, my boyfriend wouldn't call himself an "expert" but he knows a lot more than me, and he seemed to think the menu was great, too.

I'm not big on seafood (with the exception being, of course, fish fry - I AM from Wisconsin after all! :D), so we had the short ribs that our server recommended, the chicken croquettes, the goat cheese, the artichoke & fennel salad, and then we had the chorizo flatbread.  I couldn't resist dessert, I ordered the pear tart & the truffle cake.

MOST of the food we got was excellent, the only complaints I have are 1) in regards to the desserts.  The ice cream on one tasted freezer burned to me, which was a total buzzkill, and the other one, the tart seemed kind of frozen, ((but the cake & the tart were soooo good that it ALMOST made up for it.)) and 2) the portions were super small for what they were charging.  We've eaten tapas in Boston & paid less for bigger portions, which is surprising, because Boston's usually a pretty expensive city.  BUT the food was great :D

They also have $15 bottles of wine on Wednesday nights, which we were happy to take advantage of :D.  We decided later that it's a pretty good gimmick - cuz for the two of us we spent over $70 on dinner, way more than we usually would have for a non-special occasion - so if you can get people in by lowering the wine price, so be it!  We left happy.

The decor in there is spectacular, although there's not a lot of space.  I was kind of disappointed that on a Wednesday night we had a table seated right next to us and we were elbow to elbow and practically sharing conversations with one another the whole time.  But it's not like there was anywhere else to put them, the place was relatively full for a Wednesday.  Space on State St. is at a premium, so I'm not surprised that the place is pretty small, and you've gotta serve as many people as possible in order to pay that rent, so I don't begrudge them that.  

The moral of the story is, I'd definitely go back for drinks, dessert, appetizers, but I don't know if I'd go back for dinner, just because of the cost/portion size thing.
Who doesn't like trying many dishes instead of one entree.  Cool retro atmosphere.  Space is small on inside, so have to agree with other reviews that conversation can be a little difficult.  There is small outdoor seating area during warmer months that is always fun.  Who doesn't like people watching while eating good food.  The wine selection is good.  If you order sangria, plan on a taxi or public transit, cause volume is more than the average joe should consume.  
The menu is not overwhelming, but i have only sampled the tapas and desserts.  I tend to stick with the hot tapas.  The beef empanada, short ribs and goat cheese are a must.  You have to ask for extra bread with the goat cheese but is an extra cost.

The wait staff is always friendly and are very knowledgeable.  I have been here multiple times, decent place to stop and have a drink also.  The price is a little expensive, but overall a great experience.  If it wasn't located on state st., probably would only be a three star, but location always makes the difference.  Enjoy.
Went here with a friend recently on a Saturday night.  As a big lover of tapas, I was very excited to see The Icon appear on State Street this fall.  The wine list was superb...and the "half-priced bottles" special on Wednesdays would, alone, certainly bring me back for a second visit.  (Try the Trapiche Estate Pinot Noir from Argentina - delish! Especially on a cold winter's night.)  The food, however, was a bit of a disappointment.  To me, tapas should be a small portion, yes...yet, they are meant to shared with others.  The Icon kitchen must think differently.  For example, the beef empanada is just that - "a" beef empanada, a "small" beef empanada.  While most of the portions were small...there was inconsistency.  For example, the goat cheese tapa (an all-time favorite of mine) and the flatbreads were large enough to share with several others, but everything else just created awkward splitting.  Also, the tables are sooooo close together - close enough to flick your neighbor's forehead.  On yet another sour note, the raspberry on our pear tart was covered in mold.  The waitress stated she was appauled but did nothing to show it, as in she just let it sit at our table, allowing us to continue to stare at it.  However, things ended on the positive, as she allowed us to take our second, unfinished bottle of wine home. Again, kudos to the wine, boohiss to the food! :)
I can honestly say I am only giving the Icon four stars due to its location, in Madison.  The food is a nice change from the typical wings, beer, and burger places you find in the area.  Food is pretty good, but I'd agree on some of the other comments regarding portions and cost.  One dish may be enough for four or five people, while another may barely suitable for two.  Just something to consider before coming here.  My wife and I will be coming back.
I would prefer that the Icon call itself a restaurant of small plates, because it strays from the traditional Spanish dishes, but besides that, this place was pretty tasty and the portions were good enough to feel satisfied afterwards. The dishes are reasonably priced and the ambiance is, dare I say "fancy," and on a super hot day in Madison, the amazing air-conditioning made me give the Icon it's 4th star.
My husband, 2 friends and I dined at The Icon on July 4th. It was not a busy evening in the restaurant so you'd think you'd receive 4 star service...not a chance with Mackenzie, our self-important and pretentious waitress. She actually asked my friend to move his mussel shells from the bowl to a plate and then she would clear his plate. I'm sorry, but I know I don't pay to work during my meal! The food was mediocre at best. I ordered the curry chicken salad and a few other unimpressive selections. The curry chicken salad was swimming in mayo, at least a half cup or more. It was the most disgusting chicken salad I've ever had. I commented to our waitress that the amount of mayo was unbelievable and that I was very disappointed in the dish and she just said "that's how it's made," no offer to take it off the bill or to replace it with a different selection. The sad thing is that the dish was less than $7 and that should've been a no-brainer for them, unless they are that strapped for cash. All in all, I'd take your business to another establishment where the food is better and the servers actually want to kindly assist you.
As a student, I highly recommend Wednesday nights--a wide selection of $15 bottles of wine, and all the ones I've tried have been good.  Wednesday is apparently also "little black dress night," with free glasses of wine for women in black dresses, but I think you have to sit at the bar to get the special.

In general the tapas are good; some of them are really entree-sized, like the flatbread pizzas.  I had a zucchini one that was not bad, a little bland, which seems to be an issue with some of their dishes.  I recommend the cheese plate.

The service is generally okay, although I've definitely had some servers who were better than others.
Icon is a fine resturant but in the wrong town. I don't think that the location really benefits the fine tapas that they have here. The food I've had here has just been stellar, although be prepared to pay a hefty amount for it. The wait staff has always been extremely friendly and knowledgable in the way that high quality places expect their staff to know every ingredient in their dishes. This is that kind of place. 

All of that said, I've only been on the 15 dollar wine bottle night. Try the maximo, great wine there for the 15 dollar price tag. You should certainly come here and try it, but perhaps have a snack beforehand so you don't bust the bank.
I've been to Icon a couple of times now and I don't really have anything bad to say.  The service was fabulous, the staff was super knowledgeable, and the food was great.  The baked goat cheese is amazing, and I also love the jamon wrapped shrimp and skirt steak.  I probably had several martinis but kept coming back to the Strangers in the Dark.  So SO good.  It's great to go with a larger group because everyone can order their own tapa but then pass it around the table to share.  At the end, we ordered one of every dessert and didn't regret it for a second.  

The decor and atmosphere is so cool and chic and I love a place with a simple yet elegant theme.  Yeah it's sort of pricey but I would say well worth it.  I can't wait for another reason to go back!
I've had a blast both times I've been here. Obviously the point is to share, but as long as you don't go in expecting traditional tapas or to not spend $20-30 per person you'll have plenty to eat and in good variety. The goat cheese....something or other...is a must-get for us. The cheese plate had all of the garnishes I enjoy.
I went to The Icon last night with 5 of my girlfriends. We didn't think seating would be a problem since it never looks crowded. However, when we got there it was kind of crowded and they assured us we would be seated in 30-45 minutes. We didn't mind so we had some drinks at the bar. Travis, Jeff and Justin were great. They were very accommodating and friendly. We had a lot of fun at the bar until we started getting hungry. We then realized we had been waiting an hour for a table. While we were STILL waiting, we ordered the cheese plate and two bottles of wine. It was pretty good. 

When we were finally seated, we ordered the mussels, calamari, surf and turf, petite filet, cheese flat bread and the crab cake. They brought over the chicken skewers, too, which was really nice. The mussels were OK. I first tried the one on top which didn't have a lot of sauce which kind of turned me off, but when I did get one with sauce it was decent. The calamari was good and had a nice kick. It was my first time trying crab cake which was delicious. The surf and turf, petit filet and cheese flat bread were pretty good, too.

All in all our experience was good minus the waiting. It was impossible for our table server, Kim, to live up to the standards set by Travis, Justin and Jeff. I wouldn't mind going back and if we didn't have to wait 2 hours for a table I would have given it a 4.
This somewhat non-traditional tapas bar is perhaps our favorite place for a glass of wine (or a bottle) and some light dishes after a concert or a play, as long as we don't have to wait to get in.

On our most recent visit, we shared a bottle of Malbec and four plates: baked goat cheese, cured Spanish meats, a crab cake, and the beef carpaccio. Each are excellent in their own way, and I can particularly recommend all of them.  We always seem to order three of them -- goat cheese, crab cake, carpaccio -- whenever we visit, and then round out the order with whatever strikes us at the time.

The service is always excellent, no matter the time of day or how busy they are. The wine list is decent and the cocktails are well-made.

The only real downside (besides an increasingly light wallet) is that when it gets busy, the waits get very long and there's no good place for those waiting to stand, other than around the single door (and in the winter, not having a double door can get a bit chilly if you're sitting near the front of the house). We won't wait to get a table or a seat at the bar, but that's just because there are many other great bars and restaurants in downtown Madison.
Eating at the Icon felt like being a judge on Iron Chef. Not only is the food here excellent; it's also presented to you in a manner that's almost artistic in its execution. I could go through play-by-play and describe how well each dish was made, but I think it suffices to say that I ordered a bunch of food and almost every dish had some of the best food I've ever eaten. I paired dinner with a $10 pitcher of sangria on special that night, which was delicious and too big to finish. Highly recommended for an affordable yet fancy dinner date.
HUGE fan. I tried The Icon yesterday for the first time, and was thrilled at ALL elements, quality of food, preparation, menu creativity, decor, service, drinks... everything was exceptional, and on a slow Sunday evening just before they were closing too. Upscale decor makes for a romantic venue for two, but also a fun venue for hipsters. I can highly recommend the seafood croquettes, the fried calamari, the beef empanada and the stuffed mushrooms. All were generous portions for the price. Our server was class on a stick, she knew the menu well and had great suggestions for drinks without ever being pushy or pretentious. I will be back for CERTAIN.
We ordered 5 dishes, a good bottle of wine, for about $100. So a tad pricey but very delicious. Comparable to tapas I've had in San Francisco.
I had passed by Icon several times with the intent of visiting before actually having the opportunity too.  The first was on Halloween night.  As slightly-older-than-college-age persons, my friend and I picked here to rest our feet a bit and have a drink.  Best decision ever.  We had the apple sangria and I had the stuffed mushrooms and dessert.  Simply amazing.  We dubbed it our go-to place for nicer nights out.

I've been there numerous times now, and among all companions, have probably sampled 90% of the menu.  All have been amazing, both in taste and presentation.  I admit I have not tried a drink other than the apple sangria.  Normally, I change things up.  But I dream about it.  Therefore I order it.

If you are the type of person who enjoys good food, good drinks, and good atmosphere, try it out.  You won't be disappointed.  If you are hung up on labels (this is not traditional tapas, which they don't claim to be anyway), just try to clear your mind of that and focus on what really matters at a restaurant.  Again, you won't be disappointed.
Great tapas, definitely impressed.  Some favorites: baked goat cheese, patatas bravas and the jamn-wrapped scallops. The sangria was also very good, and while I didn't try the cocktails, those in my group who did were really happy with theirs. The place is quite nice, but small, so I recommend going when it isn't too crowded.
we weren't expecting much of this place but i was pleasantly surprised.

(i really really don't understand how the decor ties in with tapas. but i realize the name of the restaurant reflects this? in spite of this, the ambiance felt classy and intimate.)

all the tapas we tried (vegetable-only) were tasty and delicious. i definitely recommend the patatas bravas.
Was in Madison for a conference and discovered this wonderful restaurant. It was so good my friend and I ate there two nights in a row! Food is delicious and service is terrific! I'm coming back next year for the same conference and look forward to dining here again
I'm being nice with the 2 stars. This is STRICTLY for the Sangria. It taste just like they make it in Spain! I really thought this place would be great w/ the reviews and all, however, me and the bf left extremely disappointed. As a matter if fact, we left hungry :( The order: Scallops $12, two small piece for the cost, and they were spoiled! The smell of the is still lingering in my nostrils. I can't even describe the odor with out being graphic about unwashed female parts. Gross. Patas Bravas- these were meh. Tasted more like baked potatoes dipped in Hooters wing sauce. A bit like dry fries that were sitting under the warming lamp for a bit. Rack of lamb?! I HARDLY call it that for 13$. Do NOT waste your money. It was more like one piece of very, VERY bland lamb. Did you ever hear of seasoning?! Supposedly, they have a "chef" um, I'm doubting that very much... I do believe that untrained cooks could have done better. You can see for yourself, however, save yourself the $100, spoiled scallops, and a stomach ache. 
Good idea, bad execution, and even worse food. The ONLY plus is the Sangria. I was also nice about the scallops AFTER we paid the bill I let our server know, and you guessed it..our server had nothing to say. I guess I don't blame him for the lack of care in his service seeing as it was a slow Wednesday night. I will not go back & the bf will not recommend the Icon it to his UW coworkers. Sorry Icon. Not at all Iconic in our book. Now that I think about it-it should be one star. I can not emphasize how much you should just skip this place and grab a sandwich and a coffee next door as we did following our so called dinner.
Nom nom nom. Delicious cocktails and lovely food. Our group had some misses (the Tres Zetas soup could have doubled as a salt lick), but everything I had was a home run. 

- the An Affair to Remember martini (chocolate raspberry) - no alcohol tang, but not too sweet
- Gentlemen Prefer Blondes cocktail (strawberry & champagne concoction) - light and perfectly bubbly
- Stuffed Flatbread - perfect crust, layered, complex flavor
- Triple Chocolate Mousse - airy, a nice dark flavor, nicely complemented by fresh fruit

Our server was friendly and attentive, the decor is bold, and the foreign & classic films playing silently usually provide something interesting to look at. Though a bit on the pricey side, it's a great place to hit up on a date or with a group for an evening a little more on the formal side.
So, some dishes that you absolutely must try...

Patatas Bravas: Potato wedges that have somehow been infused with the pure essence of bacon. Likely fried with bacon fat, which gives it a unique flavor you won't find anywhere else. Served with an incredible tomato-based sauce that would make Mr. Heinz cry himself to sleep with feelings of inferiority.

Baked Goat Cheese: A classic that has been thoroughly Americanized, with great results. You get a big pile of soft, melty goat cheese in the middle of a plate of sweet and simple tomato sauce. Comes with light and fluffy garlic bread for dipping, making the whole thing a kind of "deconstructed pizza" with very high-quality ingredients.

Gazpacho/Cream of Tomato: Both are frequently offered as the soup of the day, and both are unbelievably good. As you're probably starting to notice, The Icon is really good with tomatoes. 

Steak/Lamb: The chef is a master at cooking red meat. Every time I order a dish like this, I get a juicy piece of meat that you can cut like butter. When you slice it open you will tear up and swear you have witnessed a new color - that unmistakable red/pink sear of perfection. The steak comes sitting on a bed of potatoes mashed to a consistency where it's almost a puree, but with little lumps of soft, melt-in-your-mouth chunks.

And anything with Manchego Cheese, such as the above mashed potatoes. I can only describe it as butter-flavored cheese. It transcends the boundaries between dairy products and adds this indescribable texture and flavor to everything it touches.


And some dishes to watch out for...

Tres Zetas: This soup is extremely bitter, flavored with nothing but a variety of mushrooms (and that includes the black broth the mushrooms came soaked in). Thus, my Russian girlfriend loved it. But for someone like me, who didn't grow up eating every kind of mushroom in the country, my palette just isn't prepared for it. It's an adventurous choice, and that comes with an inherent risk.

Spanish Tortilla: Tried this a couple times and it's hit-or-miss. It's a bunch of vegetables pressed together in a "quiche," served with flatbread and an aioli that never fail to impress. But the quiche-thing itself seems to take some skill to make right. I got this overcooked once and it tasted like paper.
Let's start with the fact that I've only ever been here after 11:30pm for their $5 martinis.

Of their $5 drinks, I like the strawberries+champagne and the champagne. A lot of the chocolate drinks are just a little too sweet for me. Last time I went, some of my friends ordered food from the tapas menu. They got the zucchini fries, the stuffed pepper and a beef empanada. They looked good enough that I'd like to come back and actually try dinner sometime.

I also feel the need to write about the bathrooms. They're very nice. This is a huge plus in my mind. Also, they are single bathrooms, which means that when the ladies' room is taken, I can just go in the men's. Make sure the door is locked though, or it can be really awkward!

Service: Waiters have always been good about checking in to see if we need more drinks, but otherwise they leave us alone (which is totally acceptable).
Environment: It's always been quite empty whenever I've gone. Though I hear it can be packed. It feels like it's trying really hard to be trendy, with a very minimal, red, black and white decor. They play old movies on the TVs
This is the best wine/tapas bar in Madison ... Everything is really good here, with the exception of their sangria .. I have been to authentic Spanish places with good sangria .. theirs was extremely catered to the masses, think koolaid with alcohol and fruit.. I love their fritata dish, the goat cheese and marinara and I LOVVVVE their desserts, avoid this place when there are shows across the street it gets busy..
Would give it three and a half stars, but I'll err on the side of caution.

I've been to The Icon twice.  The atmosphere is nice but only as long as you're lucky enough to not have anyone seated next to you-- the tables are ridiculously close together.

Food is hit and miss.  The cold tapas have been better than the hot tapas on the whole.  Definitely avoid the chicken croquettes.  

Service has also been spotty.  Tonight the waitress kept throwing more plates on the table before we had a chance to get even halfway through.  You think she would have taken a clue when I said "Oh... O'kaaaaaay..." when she tried to jam a third plate onto our table.  Guess not.

The real problem with this restaurant is value.  It's not that any given menu item is necessarily overpriced, but both times I've been to The Icon I've felt like the overall experience and the check don't quite match up
Called and made a reservation for a birthday party, gave them my credit card info to hold the spots, and they called back a few minutes later saying they couldn't accommodate such a large group.  Very unprofessional, and unaware.  My 23 friends and I won't be visiting the restaurant if they can't even figure out reservations.
the reviewer that called icon's menu "fusion tapas" hit it on the head.

pros:
- reasonable prices
- nice portions on each plate (split b/t 3 people)
- able to get in reservation day of
- friendly staff
- perfectly cooked squid (bravo)
- amazing shortrib
- potatas brava - must have

cons:
- the decor... i'd much rather be transported to spain (vs. hollywood) when eating tapas in madison, wi
- the aioli - overkill and oftentimes, too much olive oil
- not a fantastic wine selection (regionally)
- claustrophobic seating and walking, especially when the bar crowd fills out to standing room only
- the lack of non-traditional "lighter fare" tapas

overall - a fun night out for less than a hundred bucks with decent food
I really wanted to give this restaurant 5 stars however I was disappointed that they did not host an Oscars Watching party.  If you pay attention to the decor, you would understand why.  As for the food, the Tapas are excellent.  I recommend the patatas brava and for dessert the Tres Leches cake. Hope I am not shooting myself in the foot as I am a big fan of their desert.  Drink specials are also great!
I realize this is a tapas bar, but were some of the dishes at a "regular portion size"--I have a feeling this place would be easily one of the most crowded restaurants in town. But it's not, and that's fine--because the more people that are in there, the less of a chance I can come in and get some of the best food I've had in Madison thus far.

The dishes we had the other night include:

Patatas Bravas: as many have mentioned, this is probably one of the best dishes on their menu. Potato wedges that have the taste as one of my cohorts described as "barbeque Lay's potato chips" but without the guilty feeling of needing to be eating a potato chip. The aioli that comes with it is superb and I wish I could get it just to have for sandwiches or something else at my own leisure. A little greasy, but that's what makes them SO good.

Grilled Lamb: Potatoes and lamb with a Jack Daniel's glaze that is absolutely to die for? What's not to love about this? The chef really can cook red meat astoundingly well as Yelper S.M. notes. The lamb I got was a little chewy because it was so fatty, but it was also one of the most flavorful lambs I've ever had. At ~$12.95ish, it's a little much for such a small sampling, but if you try it, you'll understand that it's actually incredible and worth it.

Baked Goat Cheese: I love goat cheese and I love being able to dip bread into this wonderful dish with the cheese and marinara sauce-combination. However, a complaint: they only give you 6 slices of bread (it IS a tapas place), so if you get it and share with others, you'll probably need to refill up on bread. Which, our waitress was kind enough to do for us, but not kind enough to tell us we'd be charged for it.

Bay Scallops and Shrimp: My significant other loved this dish, as he's a huge fan of scallops. It's got a really nice sauce with a little kick to it. 

Duck Confit: I have a deep, dirty, and dark confession: I hate duck. It's greasy, it tastes awful compared to other birds, and really--it's hard to do well. I've had it at a lot of places with no success. However, unlike other places in Madison--the chef here doesn't make the duck greasy. Instead, ours was a little dry. But it had figs, so I can forgive. If you use figs in anything, you've automatically won my heart--seeing as I have the spirit of an 80 year old with a love affair with Fig Newtons.

Tres Leches: Oh, Frida's, step down. There is only one Tres Leches in this town worth having and from now on, I will never have reason to visit you. The Icon does a perfect Tres Leches. Perfect. I crave this. I could write a 15 page essay on why this is SO fantastic.

That said, I'd definitely love to come back. However, there are reasons why some might hesitate in coming back/coming here:

- The aforementioned additional fees with restocking bread for goat cheese dish. I'm not knocking that they're charging, but letting us know of the additional fee would have been really nice.

- The place is cramped and crowded as hell, at times. Like, a little claustrophobic. But I never noticed it was too loud and it does feel very comfortable.

- Our service was very slow. Granted, we had to wait 15 minutes for our other half of the party to arrive, but after they got here, it was another 15 minutes before we were even noticed again and approached for dishes. After that, it was about 20 minutes either way. I understand it might have been busy, but there were two groups aside from us there that got their food and left before we had even gotten our second dishes.

- The portion sizes are small. This is a tapas bar, not a full-fledged meal. I don't have a problem with this, personally, but some might and I figure it's worth warning about.

I love this place, kitschy, Hollywood-theme and all and I'd definitely like to come back.
Swanky place, good atmosphere & food, right in the heart of Madison's cultural center. A great place to meet friends for food & drinks, even catch the game @ the bar.
I went here on a Thursday night, we had reservations but it actually wasn't necessary, which I guess is pretty surprising.

I'll start off with the bad - They charge you $25 per each person who doesn't show up on your reservation...I'm pretty sure that a one person difference wouldn't change your table size, so it seems a little ridiculous.

I like the decor - they have a classy 1950's lounge feel going on, everything is very clean and simple - but I felt like you could be wearing any type of clothing and fit in fine, which is good for a State Street restaurant, because you often go to them on a whim.

Our service was good - but again, this might have been because the restaurant wasn't busy on the night we went, I've heard iffy things about the service and the packed tables when they are busy.

The menu is substantive, there were multiple options for everyone in our party which included both vegetarians and kosher eaters. We ordered three or four dishes at a time, which allowed us to gauge where we were at in our hunger levels.

The best part about going on a Thursday night was that they had 1/2 price sangria pitchers (with tapas purchase). There were about five different flavors of sangria (included were straight red or white sangria), which I had never experienced, so that was fun - I liked the raspberry a lot! 

I enjoyed everything I had on the menu: the crab cakes were great considering they were served in Madison, WI; the Espinaca Artichoke Dip was plentiful, and they were quick to give us additional crostinis when we ran out; the Patatas Bravas were flavorful and addicting - potatoes are a great thing to try new flavor combinations with; I particularly loved the Stuffed Flatbread with spinach, mushroom, monterey jack and goat cheese, served with sherry tomato sauce and finished with garlic parsley oil - that in particular was a very large portion; the Spanish Tortilla  was the most mediocre of the plates we had, but there was really nothing I could complain about.

Even with an automatic 18% gratuity, our party of seven paid less than $20.00 each for our meal and drinks, which we were very impressed by, I had expected paying much more - particularly because our other main tapas restaurant in Madison (Eno Vino) can run you dry.
This is a pretty good option for State St. The sangria is tasty--and half price on Thursdays! 

Happily for us, we wandered in on a Thursday. The sangria was a little sweet for my taste, but still okay. 

The service was quite good and very well paced. The server helped us order the right amount of food and was very good about bringing new plates, etc. when asked. 

We ordered plenty of food for 4 people, some vegetarians, some not, and a pitcher of sangria, and the bill was quite reasonable. 

I gave it three stars because I've been to some really terrific tapas bars, and this was good, but not great. Still, it's a nice choice for downtown, and the noise level isn't so insane that you can't have a conversation.
This is my third visit to Icon.  This time I was by myself so sat at the bar and had a dinner of tapas and wine - lots of choices by the glass.  The Spanish Albarino was great, the Argentinian Sauv Blanc not so.  Many choices of well made tapas with some creativity.  Try the white anchovies with almond pesto.  There are two TV screens discreetly showing old movies (without sound) so watched an old "singing cowboy" western from 1936 while dining.  Very fun.  Friendly, smart staff.
I ate here the other night while craving tapas, and thought the place had delightful potential with its classic film theme. It was okay. Not particularly bad, just nothing particularly redeeming that would make me go back. 
I also may be spoiled and used to variety of dishes on a Chicago tapas menus, but was quite surprised and disappointed when they didn't even have paella. 
My husband and I both thought the lamb meatballs were good, and enjoyed the tomato bread but agreed the dish would have been better if the bread were toasted. The gazpacho was over blended and not very good, we only ate a few bites of it before giving up on the dish.The mussels were very neatly plated, and okay, maybe a bit salty, but with virtually no broth for dipping! That's my favorite part of steamed mussels. 
The not particularly good food was also echoed in the drinks. My husband had a Manhattan (relabeled an Ocean's 11) that he said "had too much vermouth."
I am spanish and was looking for a good tapas bar to remember the taste of home. Unfortunately, I found the icon a bit underwhelming. I was not expecting to walk right into a restaurant in the middle of Madrid and fully understand that some ingredients are hard/impossible to get, however, I was expecting more from this place. 
I like the style but found it to be quite uncomfortable for a party larger than two. 
Will probably give it another try at some point.
Excellent food.  Baked goat cheese was great, could have used more bread though.  Also had the chicken skewer and mussels.  The mussels were a unique prep and one of the best I'be ever had!
The food is fussy and over complicated, which wouldn't be so terrible if it was actually good.  But, the food is actually quite average.  What's the point of having 1,000 different ingredients in a super complicated dish and then stacking it in a an intricate presentation when the food tastes like crap?

Service is horrible with rude wait staff.  I had to ask for water 3 times and I was given nasty glances for doing so!  Tables are jammed next to each other, which made for a physically uncomfortable dining experience and also made the place really loud!

JUST DON'T GO!
Was in Madison for a wedding which did not have alcohol being served (not even a cash bar) so after the wedding we wanted to find a nice place to grab a few drinks. We found a lot of bars along state street but they were all mostly grungy. We were looking for something upscale (we were all dressed up so wanted to go to a classy joint with some top-shelf liquor). 

Luckily we spotted the Icon on the walk back (we had completely missed it on the first walk down State street). It looked quite trendy from the outside so we decided to check it out and we were so happy we did. 

The decor was very chic and classy, the crowd too was a little dressy and upscale so we fit right in. The bartenders were extremely attentive and prompt (a rarity in most bars) as well as extremely helpful (I wanted directions to a place and the bartender took me right out of the bar onto the street to explain the directions). 

They had a very good selection of wines both by the bottle and by the glass. I am a single-malt scotch drinker and they had the real absolute top-shelf stuff so needless to say I was thrilled. I had a laphroaig 10 followed by a lagavulin 16 followed by a Macallan 18 ... just perfect. I really wanted to go for the Macallan 25 next (which BTW I have rarely seen being served at a bar) but I didn't want to turn a night-cap into a nite-binge ;-) ... and more importantly the price on that drink was $95. :-)

Must say, this one was a great find during our trip to Madison. I would certainly go back there if I happen to visit Madison again.
It was our first night in Madison, and I wasn't overly hungry, so this is exactly the kind of place we were looking for.  Everything we ordered was straight-up phenomenal, but first, I want to rave about the service, because it was excellent.  Although we ordered 2 dishes at a time, they were delivered one by one, which was perfect - more than one dish would have been crowded for the tiny 2-seat table.  Pacing of the dishes and drinks?  Perfect.  I have some dietary restrictions that always leave me asking a lot of questions and making special requests;  the server was helpful, friendly, never made me feel like I was putting her out, and brought me plain bread when I needed to have some.

But now, the food.

We started with the anchovies, which were fantastic;  as my partner pointed out, they're difficult to do well, but these were done VERY well.  The description on the menu doesn't remotely do them justice.  Savory, salty deliciousness, with a touch of creamy garlic aioli.

Next:  piquillo peppers, stuffed with a colorful mix of roasted vegetables, and served on a bed of Israeli couscous salad.  Not only was it very tasty, but it was substantial enough to have served as a light lunch on its own, at a mere $6.

Third: serrano-wrapped sea scallops, with an orange pineapple vinaigrette.  I am not a scallop-lover;  I often find them rubbery.  These were perfectly-cooked and absolutely superb.

Fourth:  No way were we NOT trying the grilled lamb, and it was every bit as fantastic as previous reviewers have said.  Cooked perfectly rare, garnished with a port reduction - wonderful.  I couldn't eat the accompanying manchego potato gratin, but I was told that it was decadent.

Everything else sounded so good that we undoubtedly would have eaten more if we possibly could have.  Cocktails and wine selection were also fantastic.  The prices are a bargain, for the quality of food, compared to what we're used to in Boston.  The decor and ambiance is quirky, not elegant, and it is a bit crowded, even when the place isn't full.  But we thought it was a fun, funky place to grab a bite (or four!), and we loved it!
New to Madison, this is one place I kept passing by and wanted to check out. Went on a Friday night around 7:30pm when the wait for a table at other restaurants around the capital was extremely long. There was no wait at The Icon. Is that a good sign, or a bad sign? 

Had some red sangria, which was good but a little on the sweet side for my taste. Ordered the cheese plate, which had a great smoked sheep milk cheese. They had a special flatbread that night with duck confit, which was amazing! Also had the stuffed mushrooms, which we alright but nothing to write home about. 

I'll return to The Icon to try out some other dishes. I heard the papas are good. They also have late night drink specials and they had some tasty-sounding cocktails on the menu!
We were extremely impressed by our experience here.  I'm shocked that there were any bad or even neutral reviews of The Icon, because we loved it.  We started with the crab cake, which was the best I've ever had (and I love crab cakes, so I've had a lot of them.)  We had the grilled lamb, which was extremely tender, perfectly seasoned, and incredible.  Even the fried calamari, which I never like, was delicious - melt in your mouth batter, tender seafood, and just the right level of spice.  I was blown away by it, it was that delicious.  We finished with the stuffed flatbread, which was more like a long stuffed soft pretzel.  It was one of the tastiest things I've ever had - slightly crisp on the outside, soft on the inside, and stuffed with goat cheese and spinach/mushroom/onion.  The whole thing (and it was a decent amount of food) was sitting on a bed of some terrific marinara sauce.  We devoured it and loved every bite.  

Bottom line: great service, romantic ambiance, and the best food I've had in a while.  I highly recommend this easily overlooked restaurant.
This place was recommended by my coworker to try out. The place was trendy looking, the tapas was pretty good. I wish they had some kind of rice dish or garlic potato salad that I'm use to see in Chicago. since were in Wisconsin. I like braised short rib and stuff flat bread.
Meh. I was thoroughly un-wowed by my experience at The Icon. My friends and I went on a Friday night and were surprised that it wasn't too busy even at 7:30pm. However, it took longer than it should have to be greeted by the waiter. I sometimes think there is a correlation between restaurants being not busy and servers slacking off, and that rang true in this instance. 

The tapas were mostly forgettable, including the cheese plate that our server raved about. The one thing I do remember what the "stuffed flatbread" that was basically a steaming log of overly-seasoned garlic bread filled with veggies and plated over marinara. It felt like something you'd get as a side with your Domino's pizza order. 

We ordered wine for the table, and I was glad to see that they had a good selection of affordable bottles. I did not try any cocktails but it seemed there were quite a few offerings as well. 

Unfortunately, there was just nothing about either the ambiance, food or service that would compel me to go back.
Some friends and I decided that we were going to try out the Icon last night. we hadn't hung out in a while so we figured tapas would be good for conversation.  We had made a reservation for 8PM, but  when we got there, they had given our table away to a walk in and would not seat us at any of the other tables as they were for "other reservations."  We will never be going back to The Icon again.
I was really impressed with the food and the price. 
I came here in a group of 5 as part of the epic recruit program, and dinner for 5 comes down to $180 including tax and tip - and we each had 2~3 items! we shared most of the plates and left really stuffed. 

Plates I recommend: 
mushroom soup with blue cheese toast (excellent!)
bacon wrapped sea scallop (best plate of the night)
spicy potato with hot dipping sauce (surprisingly good)

interesting plates:
baked goat cheese
duck breast with cranberry & sweet potato
artichoke & sun dried tomato flatbread

slightly disappointed:
beef tenderloin (the asparagus was great, but the blue cheese on top of meat is just unnecessary)
tuna tartare (overly seasoned, can't really taste the tuna, definitely had better ones)


but all and all, great service, great ambiance, great dining experience. It's somewhat close to a fine dining experience, at chain-restaurant price. One of the reasons I'm seriously considering relocation to Madison now, haha.
Trennnnndy. But not intimidatingly so. A great location for a first date, or for drinks with a group of people. Drinks are good, martinis are strong. Tapas are on the whole, delicious. Ask the staff for recommendations.
I want to like Icon.  I've dined here 4-5 times over the years and I keep coming back because I think that it must be improving because it stays open, but I'm now convinced that it exists solely based upon its proximity to the Overture Center.

The food is average.  The service is average at best.  They do have a decent wine selection at a fairly moderate price point.  That may be the high point, along with a decent cocktail menu.

The tapas menu is inventive, but not well-executed.  

Last evening, the patatas bravas were overcooked and the sauce was very uninspired.  

The crab cake was too much breading and not enough crab--and only one crab cake for $12 does not seem like a good value.  

The stuffed piquillo peppers were served too cold, and the cous cous accompanying them was bland and flavorless.  It had clearly been microwaved, too, instead of reheated properly.   

Lastly, the short rib served with manchego mashed potatoes sounded divine, but it was stringy and not a good cut of meat.  The potatoes were fine, but very light on manchego.  The sauce was the highlight, but Icon's kitchen was not very generous with it.  

Two diners left disappointed, not full at all, after four tapas and one drink each for $86.  

Icon:  neither a good meal nor a good deal.
I was pretty disappointed with the experience through and through. To sum it up, I don't think that the atmosphere (I'm thinking music and decor) went particularly well together or with the menu. Our server that night was mousey and awkward and took our menus before we were ready to be done ordering...then tried to say that she left a menu and it must have fallen...into thin air? not cool. Finally, the hot tapas were'nt hot they were luke warm and just ok.
Awesome cocktails. There are too few good sit-down cocktail places in Madison. This place really fills that niche for me. Food is good too. Definitely not for dinner time - the portions are too small, you will spend a fortune trying to get full. But it is a good accompaniment to drinks. Mussels with chorizo are good (very rich sauce, just fyi). White anchovies are also very good - my favorite.
I was here recently with 4 friends after an Overture show.  The food was quite good, at least what we ate of it.  On a few occasions the server cleared the plates when there was still food on them.  The worst part of our experience was out waiter.  One woman is 8 months pregnant and ordered an mojito without rum.  The waiter looked at her with the most confused look and said "so, you want it with vodka then?".  She finally got it through to him that she wanted it without alcohol.  So then our bill came and we were charged $11 for this virgin mojito (the normal price with alcohol).  We asked him about this charge and he stated that there was no button for this drink without alcohol and the charge was for the mint and the labor.  We asked him to check with a manager, we waited 10 minutes and no manager came to our table.  So, we paid and left....angry.
We stumbled upon the Icon after another restaurant was too busy on a Friday night before a show.  What a find!  We had several dishes, all of which were excellent.  Our waiter was AWESOME.  After we left he ran down State St. to return a necklace my wife had dropped on the floor.  This was the cherry on top of the cake.  We will absolutely be back - the food, the ambiance, and the staff were all wonderful and this Madison jewel.
Meh is right. Food was bland and ridiculously over-priced. The ribs was actually a rib. $15 for a mediocre rib topped with gravy out of a can. Actually, it wasn't gravy out of a can. Gravy out of a can has more flavor. The scallops were pretty good but two for $15 is nuts. Seriously? Two? Way out of line. The goat cheese and pesto stuffed flatbread had way too much goat cheese. I know that sounds crazy but it's true. I love cheese. I could live on cheese. This had too much. And, I'm pretty sure the marinara they put on the flatbread was Ragu or Prego. Pathetic. They almost scored gold with the anchovies but they ruined the dish with a whopping gob of gross mayo. The service was great. We sat at the bar and ate. Bartenders were friendly and kept the wine and food coming. Wine selection was great, too. Unfortunately, neither the service or wine could make up for the terrible food. This place is living on location alone.
Liz and I hit the Icon for a pre-show beverage (we were waiting for friends to meet us at the Orpheum). We sat at the large bar, where a super friendly and helpful bartender presented us with two glasses of water and drink menus.

We browsed; the options were many and varied. I spied a very nice selection of scotches and whiskys as well - Macallan 25? Glen Morangie 18? Yes, please. 

Ultimately, we decided to keep it a bit light. Liz ordered a fantastic cocktail with champagne, passion fruit, and vodka. I went with a weiss beer. Prices were reasonable and the drinks were tasty.

I'd like to come back and spend some more time here...
My husband is more of a meat and potatoes kind of guy, but I have been wanting to try The Icon for a while, and I finally convinced him to go for tapas.  He was not disappointed. 

We went for dinner around 8:30, and we were seated right away.  They have a large selection of specialty drinks and wine which looked awesome, but they were a bit pricey (most of the specialty drinks were around $10), so we opted for beer.  They have a very limited selection of beer on tap.  

The service was excellent.  Our water glasses were never empty.  The waitress checked on us several times and timed the dishes perfectly.  She brought one dish at a time, and every time we finished a dish, the next one would be coming out.

We tried the special which was duck confit in filo dough.  This is seriously the BEST thing I've ever put in my mouth.  Every bite was like a little piece of heaven.  It was SO full of flavor and the other components in the dish provided a perfect balance of different flavors and textures.

The stuffed mushrooms were also very good.
I didn't quite know what to expect from this place. 
It turned out to be pleasant surprise -the good kind. 
Now I'm thinking, "this could be my regular girls night out base bar."

It's comfortable, and staff are friendly. The service could be a bit slow sometimes, but one can just sip wine or martini and pass the time. According to my bff, Mark makes a superb martini.

Pretty good wine selection. The Oregon Pinot that I had tonight was good (not the best pinot noir ever, but good), I loved the spicy sauce that cane with calamari. Nice job on the desert - I'm looking forward to the new addition to the menu.
The first time my friends and I ever entered this establishment was on a Thursday evening when they still had their half-price Tapas specials.  The Elvis and James Dean prints, black-white movies playing on the TVs, and wall-of-wine made for a very promising first impression.
Apparently though, our waitress was just as new to the establishment as we were, as we soon found ourselves reading the flyer we picked up (at the front, on our way in) to the waitress to explain what the special for that evening was.

The general trend thereafter seemed to be reboots of the same clueless wait staff, episodes of standing at the front door for up to 10 minutes to be seated, and:

The absolutely worst bartender you will ever encounter.
-This is a man who, once you pay for your drink in cash, will hand you your change, and come back around when you are talking with someone, to ask: "Are you going to pay for that drink?"  In the most accusational tone someone in that state of employ could muster.
 You better hope it's not someone you need to impress.

-This is the same man who will drink from a round of birthday shots (that wasn't supposed to include him, but he poured it for himself anyway), charge you for it, and then thirty minutes later that evening threaten to take away your beer if you don't finish it before closing time, with the kicker "Do you want to test me?"

This little 'hole on State St. basically epitomizes the Hollywood that we know:  Glitz, glamour, and an absolutely vapid lack of any substance thereafter.

Alright, so there _is_ a reason that this place still gets two stars (instead of one) after repeatedly embodying bouts of Gigli, Matrix Reloaded, and Star Wars EP123, and that's the food:

Even without the (self-educated) half-price discount, the tapas are actually quite  tasty, and worth their price.  Especially the creamier options such as the goat cheese and anything with their aioli.  The hiring philosophy for the back of the house must differ quite a bit from that of the front.

I guess to sum it up:  If you're a student going on a first date with no transport to anywhere not walkable, no funds for anything on the 'Square, and a date that only cares about yummy fingerfoods, then this is an excellent excuse to dress semi-formal and start the night.  Otherwise?  Be prepared to spend the rest of your evening wondering how these people haven't been fired years ago.
Went on a weeknight and the place was nearly completely empty. I've certainly had better tapas, but you can't go too terribly wrong with the baked goat cheese and fried calamari here. The waiter recommended the Marilyn's Cosmo as the most popular cocktail, but it was pretty mediocre. Still, the staff are friendly, the food is decent, and the decor is pleasant.
This place has a great vibe. It is on state street so I was a little worried that it would be flooded with undergraduates students since it is the first weekend they are all back. But I think the bar/atmosphere caters towards a more young professional crowd. 

Servers were patient when our party got larger and we ended up needing four tables together. Some drinks were a little slow to come out but they apologized for the wait. 

I had the Duck Tenders which were pretty good and great portion size if you are just looking for a small snack for yourself. I also got 2 $5 Martinis (after 10pm prize),  Marilyn's Cosmo- delicious. The Chocolate- pretty strong but a good dessert cocktail. 

I would not have a full meal here, it is a tapas bar so your bill can start running a little high if you are walking in starving. But if you just want a couple of drinks and a small bite it's the perfect place!
We chose The Icon because of it's close proximity to the Overture center and percentage off your first drink and dinner promotion when you have a ticket to the Overture Center. When you walk in you think you're in for a treat. Up-beat, contemporary, and "cool" is what I thought. Very different than your typical DT Madison establishment. We left saying we'd never go back again. The food was sub par and way overpriced for what you get. I mean, $14.95 for 3 bites of, what looked like, pot roast and mashed potatoes? Ridiculous! On top of it all they wouldn't honor our 50% off the first drink, per the website's promotion, because our tickets were printed off of a printer. I get this but come on!! Isn't that how most people do it these days? Don't go here unless you want to leave hungry and broke.
I am a huge fan of tapas, and Icon definitely satisfied my craving. My husband and I were in a rush to make it to a concert, so we stopped at Icon and asked if we'd be able to be in & out in about 45 minutes. They said it was totally doable, which was great! We ordered their Thursday evening Sangria special (1/2 off glasses of sangria). We tried two kinds - raspberry & red - and the red definitely was our favorite. We also ordered calamari, spinach & artichoke dip, an empanada, and short ribs.
 
The short ribs were just ok. I've had better in Madison. We were HUGE fans of the spinach & artichoke dip. It came with crispy bread and there was plenty of dip. I hate when you're left with a pile of chips or bread but not enough dip at the end of a dish, so this was amazing! The calamari was fried calamari. We love it, but it didn't blow my mind. And finally, the empanada was great! I don't often order them, so I don't have much to compare it to, but I would certainly get it again.
 
Icon definitely delivered us a delicious meal on a short time frame!  We'll definitely go back when we've got some time to savor our small plates & sangria.
I have gone to Icon many times before and have always enjoyed the food and service.  I am still trying to figure out if what happened last was actually real or just a bad dream.  I walked in with a friend around 7 pm for dinner, without reservations.  After requesting a table for two, the hostess met us with a blank stare and said 'um...'  After what seemed like a painfully long time she reported they were full (which we could see of course).  We suggested she take our name to which she replied 'um...'  Now this is where things turn from disappointing to outrageous.  My friend states we will wait at the bar to which a male server also at the host stand replies, 'there are no seats at the bar, we could put a napkin on the floor for you.'  After outright asking them if they wanted our business, the response was a blank stare.  We had no choice but to leave.  .. And we will never return.  Customer service 101 wouldn't even begin to cover it for these two shameful employees.
Wondering where to get a dirty (vodka) martini with sweet vermouth?  At The Icon of course!  Now you're probably confused because everyone knows dirty martini's are made with DRY vermouth.  And yes, a martini with sweet vermouth is just as disgusting as it sounds.

The food was decent, service was decent, atmosphere was "interesting" - I think this is a once and done place for me though.  Nothing about it screamed "come again!"
Icon, you've left me speechless--and not in a good way.  Luckily, I can still write!

I have been coming here for years, and I adore the Iconic tapas...particularly anything involving short ribs or flank steak.  Or flatbreads.  Somehow, it has always slipped my mind to yelp about this place. So it's very IRONIC that last night, when I visited with the full intention of remedying that oversight, Icon fell flat on its face.

I'm incredibly cranky about this whole experience, and I am not going to pull any punches.  Here's how it went down.  I signed myself and my sister up for the Valentine's day prix fixe menu.  $48 per plate.  4 courses.  ICON.  Money well spent, right? WRONG!  I had issues with EVERY course.  Not to mention that we had our coats on for the entire meal to ward off the arctic blasts each time the door opened.  

Now, I have to say that I went against my better judgement, which tells me to avoid seafood in the Midwest.  However, it WAS featured prominently on a very expensive menu, so I thought what the hell?  I bit: I went with the crab cakes in the first course.  They made me want to jump the first plane to Maryland so I could remind myself what good crab cakes taste like.  The crab had that distinctive frozen flavor (that you wouldn't expect in a high-end establishment).  The cakes were otherwise dense and semi-gross.  But I dug the saffron aioli...for whatever that's worth. 

For the second course, I chose the CREAM OF asparagus soup.  I can't stress this enough: any chef should be embarrassed by what we were served.  I emphasize "cream of," because the soup clearly had not been uniformly pured and strained, as evidenced by the occasional spoonful of overcooked asparagus chunks.  Moreover, the soup was crying out for salt--which was notably absent from our table.  Really? REALLY?!

THIS IS BASIC STUFF, PEOPLE.  

For the entree I chose lobster pappardelle, which was okay, but not memorable.  My sister picked the standout of the meal: the porcini and truffle ravioli was fantastic, and I would have licked her plate if nobody else had been in the room. 

And dessert? I opted for the chocolate mousse.  The presentation was a curious cross between something my puppy would have done and liver pate with birthday candles.  I did venture a taste, and it was fine--but again, not memorable.  I didn't detect the cardamom.

So in short, I am pissed that I spent $48 per plate for a meal that was poorly executed.

So, Icon...maybe I'll be back someday.  Maybe I'll write a glowing update.  But right now, I just don't see it.
I had a WONDERFUL experience going here.  I was worried when we got there because I had tried to call and get a reservation and got no answer.  The host said that they had 70 voicemails waiting for them when they opened.  Luckily, they managed to fit us in at the bar which was fine with us.  It wasn't full when we sat down and the bartender was very attentive.  We started with cocktails and I was impressed with their cocktail menu.  It was hard to pick just one!  Our plan going in was to order a couple plates each and try each others dishes.  We tried the beef, chicken, and spinach/mushroom empanadas, potato croquets, chicken skewers and the beef tenderloin (which was the BEST dish of the night, but maybe not worth $16 for portion size?)  Overall, I was very happy with the price vs. portion size.  There also wasn't a long wait for the food. 
Even though they had a full restaurant by the end of our meal, I didn't feel like we were rushed out of the place.  I loved the decor, I loved the food, I loved the service.  I will definitely be back to try more dishes!
I would give this place another star if not for the service. It wasn't bad, just wasn't very good either.

Came here with a large group of girls for a couple of birthdays. We made a reservation and the table was ready for us when we got there. Our waitress came to take our drink order and just did not seem very interested in us or being there at all. Kind of a turn off. The drinks we ordered were all very good, especially the mojito!

For food I ordered the duck tenders and potato croquettes. The duck tenders came out first and were actually very good. You get quite a few pieces and they were nice and crispy. Then, I waited for the rest of my table to get all of their food, and then about 10 minutes extra for the waitress to realize that my croquettes never came. I notified her that I was still waiting and she said it must have been a kitchen mistake. It then took another 10-15 minutes for them to come out. They were very good, and I didn't get to enjoy them because I was the only one left eating and everyone else wanted to get going. Other people at our table really enjoyed their food, too.

So food is great. Service not so much. I would definitely give them another try, though.
Nice variety, good atmosphere and great service.
Ambience is good. That's about it. Service is below average.  Food is subpar. Very small portion. Salad looks so tired and tastes tired. Meat is too rough to be chewable. Even fried calamari is unchewable.  Disappointing experience.
I really love this place in Madison. When I moved here from Spokane, Icon left a great impression on me. I had a great time the first time I went there and they were even playing one of my favorite movies (The Thin Man) at the bar. It became a go to celebration place for me and so I am willing to overlook some of Icon's faults. First off, this place is not cheap, especially if you get wine. But they have an excellent wine selection and for those with more pedestrian tastes in alcohol (myself included), they have beer too. Not everything on the menu is of the same caliber. Some menu choices are excellent (ex. braised short ribs) while others may miss their mark. Because this is a tapas bar, take a friend and plan to share multiple dishes. The size of the serving tends to be smaller and so it's better to split three or so dishes with another person. For the first dish, I enjoy one of their flatbread selections. Second course? I almost always default to braised short ribs (those are amazing). For desert, I like the tres leches. This is a nice place for a treat with a good ambiance. Or you could just have a drink at the bar.
This restaurant is amazing!!! The chefs come through with their promise of Italy-Spain-California fusion. I was amazed to learn there were no heat lamps or microwaves located in the restaurant. The baked brie was perfect!!! Way better than Firefly. The atmosphere was a fusion between traditional spanish and italian with modern music and great mojitos!!! The sangria is to die for and I wish I could get the secret ingredient. I will be back as soon as I can. This place is a great place for a date!!! I can't wait to see what the chefs have in store for the menu which I was excited to learn changes periodically based on what is fresh and in season.
A nice unpretentious tapas bar that should do well.  I recently enjoyed sangria, osso buco ravioli, blackened salmon tacos and chorizo/cheese croquettes.  I found the atmosphere to be relaxing and fairly quiet.  However,  that may change as they gain a following and add machines at the bar.
It seems this place has had some bad to just OK reviews. I'm no chef or tapas aficionado but I dined here recently and really enjoyed the food I ate and the service I received. 

The decor inside was nice with a couch area by the bar (which is in the center of the restaurant) tables surrounding that, and a few flat panel TVs. They also have a patio. 

Our server was excellent. Very attentive to our table. We always had full drinks and everything we needed. 

As far as the food goes we only had one thing that was not very flavorful which were the mozzarella cheese curd beignets. Everything else was very enjoyable. Balsamic ribs ( I especially liked these ), honey glazed carrots (reminded me of my grandmas ), blackened salmon tacos ( wish I could eat those everyday ),  calamari ( crisp not chewy...good ), grilled heart of romaine salad ( it was a good, small salad ), baked stuffed mushrooms ( tasty ), rolled eggplant parm ( once again good ).

My overall stance... the GF and I enjoyed this place and will go back. If you are on the fence go to http://restaurant.com/microsite.asp?rid=336699&mcn=00032766 and buy a certificate and give it a try at least if your not impressed you only spent a few bucks.
Having concurrent sex with Eva Mendez, Charlize Theron, Kate Beckinsdale, and Jessica Alba..... if they came in the form of Tapas dishes for your dining pleasure. I mean that this is not your traditional Spanish Tapas restaurant, as they do have some novel creations by the executive chef/owner, such as this phenom sashimi dish, but that doesn't take away from the fact that I have now found my favorite Tapas restaurant in the US. The food was delectable, and well worth the 8 minute drive out of the strip. I believe the owner said the restaurant has been open for just a few months... and boy what a welcomed addition to the epicurean elite!

My group had at least 15 different dishes served all night, and as full as I was... I just could not stop eating. The lamb chops, super tender calamari, scrumptious lobster n' crab, the carpaccio, Tortilla Espanol (which even our Basque friend said was spectacular), and this amazing grilled romaine dish (yes... I said Romaine lettuce... NOT what you expect and a MUST ORDER!!)...... my mouth is watering just thinking about it... all the way to dessert (you MUST try the truffles with lychee vodka). The only thing I did not enjoy was the ceviche.... but that was probably because I just don't like ceviche in general, so I can't be relied upon for comparison on this.

In Las Vegas, this is only the 2nd restaurant in my 20 years of coming regularly that I've dined in that is on my MUST DINE list on each and every subsequent visit to Sin City (the other being Kraftsteak in MGM... their Platinum cut Kobe steak....!!!). Firefly is good.... but this place..... a class in and of itself. 

Oh... and VALUE!!!!! Price AND quality? Huge fan here..... and I hope they don't change a thing.
Ok so really I know my tapas. I've been to Spain and spent hours in a tapas bar drinking wine eating great food and enjoying great conversation. 
This comes real close to the tastes. I came here with a small group with intentions to see what Chef Errol was all about. I was very impressed with the fact he was using Food Science which is the new cutting edge trends hitting up many spots in LA and NY.
The ambiance of the place is very dark, clean, and comfortable. The staff was exceptionally nice.
We let Chef decide what to make for us. 
The drinks were very good. Made from fresh ingredients. This place also has a guiness surger! SCORE!
The food is exceptional and the price is definitely reasonable.
I enjoyed the grilled romaine salad. Very flavorful. The salad was warm and you can really taste the dressing and the individual flavors. The lamb was phenomenal. We enjoyed the Carpaccio, LOBSTER, and tortilla espaniola which is so authentic spanish.(It wasn't room temperature which is how it's supposed to be served) It was warm and tasty with the herbs and potatoes. Definitely try the duck breast. - I usually like it more rare, but it was definitely delish. The dessert presentation was very classy yet cutting edge. Truffles and Kai Vodka? PHENOMENAL! If you get a chance you definitely should try this out.
I'm not really too sure why there were even bad reviews. HATERS!
I have a special place in my heart reserved for Tapas...I think it is the place where all of the plaque accumulates. Anyway, when I go to Vegas I usually go to Firefly and/or Cafe Ba Ba Reeba and eat my own weight in meat and cheese...but not anymore. I have a new favorite Tapas place in Vegas and it is RE Tapas!

The restaurant is in a new-ish strip mall in the southeast part of town, that has a few other restaurants and a Fresh and Easy (another one of my favorites.) It is a well decorated, nice sized room with a large bar area where we saw several "single male eaters having lunch." The service was great and the portions were huge. We tried the following dishes:

Gazpacho-Very fresh and light. You could really taste the cucumber and it wasn't too oniony...my complaint about many gazpachos.

Manchego cheese and serrano ham-Large wedges of cheese served on a stick with a large amount of ham wrapped around them and drizzled with a balsamic reduction. There were 4 skewers and they were heavenly.

Caprese-small plum tomatoes that were sugar sweet marinated in delicious balsamic and fresh buffalo mozzarella...really fresh and delicious and served on a cool yin-yang plate.

Lamb chops-perfectly cooked and served with chimichuri and roasted red pepper sauces. Amazing!

Marinated beef tenderloin skewers-very garlicy, moist and delicious.

Smoking crispy duck breast-It was served in a chinese steamer, and it was still smoking when it arrived. They actually smoke it in the steamer. The duck was juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside...it was coated in a dry rub that was really smokey and tasted like cumin. It was really decadent and fabulous.

Coconut flan-The flan was served with a burnt sugar sauce and garnished with flaked coconut and an orange sugar dusted plantain chip. This is some of the best flan I have ever had.

Overall the experience was amazing! RE Tapas is a bit out of the way, but it is definitely worth the trip.
Twice I have been to RE.  Twice I have been disappointed. 

The first time I didn't think the food was too bad, but it wasn't anything special.  The service was fine.  The sangria was tasty, but way too light on the booze for my taste.

The second time my husband wanted to check it out as he missed the food from the tapas places that I worked at in NY.  We had the patatas bravas.  While the flavor was spot on, they weren't hot enough & you could tell that they were precooked & past their prime.  We also had some beets with ricotta salata.  Except that it wasn't so, it was regular fresh ricota.  Big difference.  I want what I order & if you don't have it please inform me.  I do know the difference.  Another menu "mistruth"  was when we ordered the fried piquillo pepper.  However, when it arrived they said be careful they are hot.  Piquillos are hardly hot ever, never, ever!  Anyway, they were freakin hot.  Maybe they were anaheims?  They got sent back & I love spicy food, but not when I don't order it.  We also had the chicken croquettes.  Dry, way too salty & I love salt.  They only tasted of oregano & salt.  Oh & did I forget the salt?  Dry, dry, dry.  Honestly, the best thing about the meal was the cheese plate.  It would be hard to mess that one up.  Even the bread that came with that sucked.  It was pre toasted & then brought to the table oiled, soggy & tough.  Oh & the serrano & manchego were fine.  
Again, how much can you mess that up?  All you have to do is plate it.

Now the service.  Our server was not very polite nor was he at all attentive in any way, shape or form.  We went in at about 8:30 on a Thursday night.  We were one of maybe 4 tables in there.  He ended up having a large party of about 12 half way through our meal.  It took a while to get our drinks in the first place.  Which was funny as the bar was right next to us, but he was no where to be found.  I never got a refill.  My wine glass sat empty for over 15 minutes too.  He walked by many times too.  He acted as if he couldn't have cared less.  He could have made some money off of our table, but let that one slip away.  When we discovered how hot the "piquillo's" were we pushed them to the side.  He came to collect the plates and I had to tell him to take them off the bill as he had no clue.  I suppose it wasn't obvious that we didn't eat any of them...Finally he asked if we wanted some refills.  Where was I Denny's?  No, I want another glass of wine, but I wanted that over a quarter of an hour ago.  By that point the sheer disappointment of the food & lack of service set in & all I wanted to do was leave.  In fact I couldn't wait to get out of there.  That hardly ever happens to me...

Oh & the interior.  Don't even get me started on that.  The trying to hard mod interior & those dowdy curtains on the windows.  Yuck.
This place wasn't bad.  Enjoyed the 1st glasses of mojitos and sangria but our pitched of blackberry cherry sangria seemed to be seriously lacking in the booze department...I think I actually got MORE sober drinking it:(

None of the foods were particularly outstanding but none were bad at all.  We got the tandoori calamari (a ridiculous name for just fried calamari w/ curry powder on them and nothing to do w/ an oven), the dates which weren't as good as Firefly, the lobster gazpacho that had a nice presentation and very tasty, and the rolled eggplant dish that was just a small lasagna but tasty.

The staff was extremely attentive..almost to the point of funny but it was fine.  If I were to comeback here again...I would go w/ more lobster dishes instead of the standard tapas fare and bring a few more people so we could sit on the couches.
This time the service was not the best but I'm still giving 4 stars because I really liked all the food. This time I had the Mac-n-Cheese which was very cheesy and good. Salmon tacos just as good as last time. Calamari very tender and not greasy. Ribs were AMAZING (falling off the bone)!!! I tried the stuffed dates (fruit, bleu cheese, walnuts, bacon) doesn't sound very good but holy crap I think I could live off of these things. Man those were awesome. Lobster raviolis were great. Eggplant roll-ups were very good. Grilled romaine salad was nice and warm with a little char Mmmmmmm. Huge shrimp made up the cocktail. I will keep going here no matter what the other reviews say i think this place is very good.
Birthday celebrations only come once a year, so we celebrated the Big F's day at R.E. Tapas.  With our intimate group of six, we got a chance to try a variety of their tapas.

Starting off with two pitchers of their sangria, we chose:

* R.E. Sangria ($24): "Spanish Rioja, citrus fruits and juices, and a few other special ingredients." - Pretty typical of your red sangria, lots of ice though.  Pretty light on the alcohol though.

* Peach Raspberry Sangria ($24): "White Rioja, peach nectar, sliced peaches, fresh raspberries, and peach schnapps." - A lighter fare of sangria, enjoyed by the girls in our party than the guys.  Again, light on the alcohol.

Tapas we chose: 

* Empanadas ($5): "Stuffed with seasoned ground beef, avocado crme fraiche." - A favorite amongst the group.  It was only one empanada cut into two pieces, so that was a bit disappointing.  Pretty simple when you think about it.

* R.E. Corn Dogs ($6): "House made chorizo sausage, honey cilantro-corn meal battered, chipotle mustard." - The Big F really enjoyed these corn dogs, the spiciness from the sausage and the mustard gave it the necessary bite to make it stand out from you average corn dog.  Came with three dogs.

* Shrimp and Scallop Ceviche ($7):  "Lightly poached scallops and shrimp, marinated with citrus red onion, peppers, and cilantro." - Uneventful, although nicely presented.  We requested some sort of bread or chips, and all they could provide were what they called 'pita chips.'  In actuality, it was just plain pita bread. 

* Albondigas ($6): "House made, parmesan and fresh herb meatballs, baked in tomato cream sauce." - Three meatballs in a nice sauce.

* Baked Brie ($8): "Diced Spanish Chorizo, green onions, and fresh herbs, wrapped in puff pastry and baked golden." - I don't remember any chorizo in the brie.  I was too focused on requesting bread or crackers to put my brie on.  They were able to provide garlic bread, but it took awhile for it to come out.  It also came with a side of leafy greens.

* Colorado Lamb Chops ($12): "Marinated and grilled, served with agria dulce." - Came with two chops and two dipping sauces.  I didn't get a chance to taste it though.

* Blackened Salmon Tacos ($7): "Confetti-cabbage slaw and chipotle aioli." - Three soft tacos with more cabbage slaw than salmon.

* Feta Fries ($7): "Smothered with crumbled feta and spinach cream sauce." - The one thing that our whole group could easily share without having to cut things up.  Tasty stuff because who doesn't like melted cheese on fries?

* Rolled Eggplant ($8): "Three cheeses and herbs wrapped in pan fried eggplant, baked in red sauce." - Looked like lasagna, not easy to share or consume.

* Mini-Herb Roasted Chicken ($9): "Herb infused olive oil and cracked pepper." - The worst of the dishes.  Half a chicken that looked blah on the plate and tasted even more blah if that's possible. Do not order.

* Lobster Ravioli ($7): "Maine lobster, tarragon, brown butter and lemon." - Three raviolis that held promise.  The one I got was cold, so the skin was hard.  However, the person who ate the one in the middle liked hers.

Moving onto dessert, the Big F wanted to try their Grilled Apricots ($6), but they were out!  In the end, we had these two:

* Three Ganache Chocolate Terrine ($5.50): "Fresh berries, cherry crackle." - Very cute presentation with a mix of flavors.

* Caramel Flan ($6): "Desiccated coconut, citrus plantain chip." - Recommended by our waitress, good overall.  Plantain chip could be done a lot better.

Food-wise, we were a bit disappointed by the serving size.  Perhaps we're used to being able to share our tapas with a group of people.  I would think there'd be at least 3-4 servings in each tapa, not two.  It would have helped if the waitress told us how many pieces were in each dish as well, so we would know how many orders to get to suit our party. 

Service-wise, we were not too impressed either.  Sure, the waitress was great about getting the candles on the dessert and surprising the birthday boy.  But she never cleared the dishes fast enough or at all.  By the time dessert shows up, you'd think all empty plates and pitchers would be cleared.  Not here unfortunately.  And as a result, our table was always so cluttered.  It was hard to find space for our dishes as they arrived, especially with the bigger than average-size plates.

Overall, R.E. Tapas was an okay experience.  They were some hits, but more misses.  It wasn't too busy when we went on Saturday night, which is nice change from Firefly on Paradise.  However, they are still in its infancy so they can only get better.  Add more alcohol to the sangria!

(Pics of our dining are posted)
Hit RE Tapas last night with the gf.

simple non-descript space in a shopping center.

started with a blackberry / cherry sangria, non-alcoholic mojito for the gf ( approx $7 each )   the sangria ok - my only beef - they left cut up pieces of lime in the drink - the problem with this is they looked like pieces of the apple ( not great lighting in the place ) and as i'm scooping out the blackberries, and apple pieces to munch on, i also munch on some lime rinds - i don't care for that !

the food - decent - ordered  caprese salad, coloroado lamb chops, finger potatoes w/ chorizo, grilled asparagus, sauteed mushrooms,  stuffed artichokes and the filet sliders.

the standouts - for me. the mushrooms, for the gf - the potatoes. everything decent just nothing that made you go , "wow." also, only minor beef - served the caprese last - thought that should be the 1st item to be served.

would i eat at RE tapas again - sure,  in fact, there were several items we wanted to try but  we can only eat so much in one sitting.

total bill $66
I really want to give this place a 3 strikes and you're out chance, but after getting sick after both times so far, i'm done with this place.
I don't understand how anyone has enjoyed this restaurant. I'm guessing the good reviews are by "friends" of the restaurant. It's the only explanation.

I had high hopes for this spot. Went here on a weekday evening. Restaurant was pretty empty, so I can't blame the terrible service on being crowded. We ordered a lotta tapas. Only about 3 quarters of them actually showed up at the table, and after eating them I wished even less than that would have showed up. Nothing stood out as good, and most stood out as bad. A couple of the big lowlights for me were the chicken and cheese croquetas and the corndogs. The croquetas were inedible. One of the worst things I've been served in a restaurant. The corn dogs were soggy on the outside and dry on the inside. It's a corndog. How can you screw that up? I can buy better corndogs in the Vons freezer section. The server didn't seem to recognize we hardly touched any of it, and nobody questioned us as to whether things were ok.

Surprisingly we were not charged for the tapas that were ordered and didn't hit the table. After my experience there I totally expected to be. I guess that's the only positive of the evening. We were charged correctly.

Next time I want tapas, I'm going to Firefly.
Mmm, just came back from R. E.  

The place is pretty good.  I came in to meet my party, who was already there and seated, so I can't speak about the hostess, but the waiter was prompt enough.  We ordered a lot of things, but I only got to try a few of them.  I started with a Thai Basil Mojito, which was very good.  However, there was a lot of very good tapas, as well.  I liked the stuffed dates, the sauteed scallops, the stuffed mushrooms, and most of all the crabby paddies!  They were very good, each bite quite flavorful.

I ate a few other things, but I can't remember them.  The only thing I didn't like was the lamb chops.  Too dry, and not enough flavor, especially compared to the other dishes.  

We also went on a Friday night, and there was an incredible jazz band there, so that really helped the ambiance.  I'd come back with friends, definitely.
This restaurant offers both classic and non traditional tapas. We started off with orders of grilled hearts of romaine with basil balsamic vinaigrette, crumbled cabrales, and Serrano ham (3.5 Forks out of 5): dates stuffed with bleu cheese and slivered almonds, wrapped in bacon and roasted (5 Forks): and broiled goat cheese in tomato sauce (2 Forks). Our next order was Colorado lamb chops marinated and grilled, served with agria dulce (4 Forks) and crab paddies (3.5 Forks). We concluded the meal with a delicious crme brulee (4.5 Forks).
We had none of the poor service or food issues mentioned below.  Our waitress was lovely, and in the couple of cases when we couldn't locate her, other servers were always around and more than willing to help.  As a party of three, the portions were perfect.  Favorites included, well, pretty much everything we had!: smoked duck, lobster tacos (on the special back page, not sure if it's always offered), meatballs, stuffed mushrooms, grilled asparagus, grilled salad, shrimp diavolo, stuffed dates wrapped in bacon.  Also, the thai basil mojitos sound strange but are lovely, refreshing and citrusy.  And the birthday boy chose the tiramisu martini for his dessert - I'm not a huge tiramisu fan but this was amazing, and the sparkler candle was perfect.

I cannot recommend this place enough.
So i have to preface my review by saying i came here a few months ago while in town for the NeoGov conference, and they actually rented the whole place out, so i have no idea what things cost (open bar and 13 course meal), and i can't remember specifically what we ate... i remember liking most of it, especially something with artichoke (though, i do love me some artichoke any which way it comes)

but i can tell you that the fact that they accommodated a huge group of us, and i really mean huge, and for the most part, managed to keep everyone happy (service was a little slow at times, and they did weird things like put a plate with 3 servings in front of groups of 4 people) is pretty impressive.. then again the open bar could have had something to do with that too... 

but this place kicked off the most memorable, and not to mention fun, night in vegas during that trip. (i'm sure the fact that the people that were there were absolutely amazingly cool had something to do with it too)
Funky atmosphere, overpriced half-ass food. I will not return to this place. Their serrano ham taste like cheap prosciutto! I understand they are not a traditional tapas place, but the shortcuts they take really shows. All their ingredients are really cheap. Their hot foods were served room temperature. Service was poor when the restaurants was only half full!
I love tapa's!!! Love love love them!

This place is pretty fun- there is lots to choose from. And the price is pretty standard for tapa's in my opinion. I will say Vegas doesn't have many tapas places though I wish I could go to spain for the real-deal but this place is really fun to go with friends!

The blacken salmon tacos are really good. Even if you're not a fan of salmon or seafood tacos just try them! The aioli sauce makes the favor so outstanding! I didn't want to order these my sister did and I tried hers and sense then placed an order each time I've gone. 

They play diff. music each time I go and it's always really enjoyable atmosphere, although a couple of the times I went the music was too loud to talk. Which I didn't like. Almost every time I went the service was pretty fast and also personable but I wouldn't say this is consistently true.
Well I would love to tell you if the food was good or bad, but I did not get the chance.  I arrived at RE tapas at 9:00 on a friday.  The live music seemed to be good, but when I asked to be seated, the hostess told me that two cooks quit and it would be a 30 minute wait.  I think this is ridiculous when the restaurant was not that busy.  I then asked if we could sit down and have a few drinks before we ordered.  She looked around and said no.  This place will not be in business for long treating customers like this.  She told me the kitchen was backed up.  In these tough economic times, customer service should be priority one!!!!
Fantastic food presented beautifully in great variety. We went on a Friday night and there weren't many other diners, but there were several dishes already crossed off the menu because the kitchen had run out. Even so, there were lots left to choose from, and the service was excellent.
This place was just that - A-OK.

Service was SO SLOW and the food was mediocre. After my friend and I sat down, the waitress didn't come for over 15 minutes, so we just went to the counter and got our own menu. When the waitress finally came, we ordered drinks and that took another 15 minutes. The food was ok but nothing to rave about. We ordered tuna tar tar, sliders, and mahi mahi taco's. Nothing special at all.
Nothing to write home about.
Overall, RE Tapas is a trendy-looking place with a fresh atmosphere.

The food was pretty good, definitely not bad for the price. I would have liked to have seen a few more exotic tapas choices on the menu, as the fare seemed pretty standard for a tapas place.

Roasted lamb: delicious and juicy and topped with cooked red onions. Definitely my favorite of the tapas I tried.

Stuffed peppers: delicious, although I felt the fried coating was slightly too much. I think the cheese would have complemented the peppers enough without the breading.

Ceviche: Not terribly exciting overall, although I must admit, I've never tried this anywhere else.

Stuffed dates: It's difficult to mess up stuffed dates for me, and these were definitely yummy.

Mixed green salad: The house vinaigrette was delicious, although I wish there had been more greens to go with it. 

The sangria was in the largest glass I have ever seen the drink in at a restaurant. It was tasty, although it seemed light on the alcohol and just a little too sweet.

Overall, the service wasn't bad, although a bit slower than we were hoping. We asked the waitress for the calamari fries (fried calamari) and the flaming cheese (a dish that looked particularly exciting because the dish was set aflame at the table), and she forgot to put the order in. We ended up not reminding her because we were in a rush to catch a movie.

I would probably go back to try a few more of the tapas I was eying (including the forgotten ones), but I'm not sure I would choose it over Firefly or even the slightly more expensive Cafe Ba-ba-reeba. All of the equivalent dishes I have tried at Firefly (including the sangria) I prefer at Firefly. Although, I did like that RE Tapas was quite a bit quieter than Firefly.
Did this place close my friend texted me the other day to say it closed!!?!? NOOOO. What a bummer if this is true!
RE was delicious Tapas, sadly they are now closed :(
This place is out of business. Its now a sports bar called CR Buns
I can't say the food here is great, because I was simply too busy having fun to try much of it.  The few tidbits I tried were very good.... but one does not go to a venue like this for fine dining.  The evening was all about the friends, the music, and the cocktails.... in that order.  The layout of the place is excellent for being social.  the oversized booths were easy to hop in and out... talking to friends along the way. There were separate spaces for several parties and no one was in anyone's way... but if there weren't private parties, everyone could easily converge on the dance floor.  They could use a little longer bar, but they did well with what they had.  Clubs are all about the mingling and the entertainment.  They do a good job of both.  Too bad I couldn't post video....
Too,.....Tooo Much!  Incredible service, atmosphere, skillcraft in art (LIVE), and what terrific Jazz and DJ galore!

The drinks are generous, full bodied women, men, and dancing space!

Motif is spit-spot!  How I loved  mingling with the well crafted people of all sects and genders!  

I HOPE I AM THE FIRST TO YELP THIS PLACE!!!!   LOVE YA ALL!!!!!
I have a bias.... I have been living in the valley for a long time and this place now resides in the spot that was once The Famous Door. That place was the shit... for a long time. Coming here even reminded me of how the spot next door used to be The Downside Risk - a cool stock exchange themed restaurant/bar. Both of these places did good business and since they were changed to something else, neither have seen any sort of success. 

I used to love Downside Risk - I would go there with my father who was ill (terminal cancer) and have beer battered chicken and drinks. It's one of those places that means something to me emotionally. So going to the former Famous Door strikes a chord. Seeing the joint (whatever it is now) empty on a Friday night is just sand kicked in the face since they might as well have kept it as the Downside Risk. 

With Lyte though, they seemed to be doing something right... Basically, they opened it up from the Famous Door days, and the place is now fairly clean and swanky. It seemed a little too "Scottsdale" to me - i.e. "fancypants" - but it's a nice spot. They have some nice comfy booths that would be fantastic for groups of friends and a large enough dance floor/mingling area. My only complaint would be that the booths and curtains should be darker - similar to Chez Nous - to pull in a bit more of an eclectic crowd rather than trying to attract the d-bag/botard scene.

The food was a mixture of fantastic and kinda bad. I'd say we had enough amazing food that we can forgive the not-so-great parts of it. The drinks were fine - I was the only one in my group that had mixed drinks, and mine were kinda weak. Aside from that, I heard no complaints. The service was good too - the girls working here are all extremely attractive. I wouldn't suggest coming here to hit on the staff, but if you want something pretty to look at while you're having a drink, then this is definitely a good spot. I think the girl who served me called me "sweetheart..." it was sweet. I hope my girlfriend doesn't mind.

Since I was here for an event, I'm not sure my assessment of the place is completely reliable, but based on what I saw from a non-event perspective, I'd say this is a decent club. I think it could be a place for the cool kids to go who want to get away from the cunts who hang out across the lot at Axis and Myst. It's even nice enough for me to forgive the fact that their existence is only possible because of the death of The Famous Door. 

Go check it out...
Ok, let me just say that I appreciate Lyte hosting the Yelp event and I fully intend on going back to see it on a regular night....in fact I'm reserving full judgment until I do so.  

But naturally I have a few thoughts.  Mainly...what is going on here?

So there are these "swanky" (I use the term loosely because it seemed really poorly done) booths with a white and black theme.  Kind of like Sky Bar but not nearly as nice.  Then you have a TV with a Wii.  And then a corner with graffiti art.  And a guy painting.  And a huge picture of Marilyn Monroe.  A jazz band. And a DJ.  Belly dancers.  Showcases with liquor bottles in them.  It was really really bizarre.  I'm not quite sure what Lyte is going for here.  I mean they have like four or five concepts going on at once.  If you're going to do swanky lounge you have to commit to it.  Go all out.  I do enjoy me a swanky lounge.  Furthermore if you're going to go that route....serve champagne.  What is a lounge without champagne?  

I thought with the jazz band there would be more tables and chairs to relax but I think they cleared them for our event.  When we walked by later in the evening there was house music playing. (And the pamphlet we picked up said that as well)  Although the bathroom attendant told my husband its normally hip hop.

I can't really comment on the food because there were limited vegetarian options.  Everything had turkey bacon or chicken or beef tenderloin....I just ended up having a few pieces of toasted pita with guac and hummus.  

I'm really not quite sure what is going on here.  Lyte is trying to be so many things at once.  I've been to a lot of good, well done restobars and this just isn't nearly as good as others.
This place is pretty darn cool!  The place has an open layout, and the staff here is friendly and cool.  Kind of a modern look to it.  It seems like that even though most of the fun happens inside, I got the feeling that you can take the party outside as well.  I thought I saw a few people hanging out by the front door, as I entered and as I left.  If it gets to loud inside, and you really want to talk to someone, it seems like you can carry it outside as well.



The had some really cool belly dancers, and that was impressive.  Seemed like a great place.  I would love to return.

On the downside, the food was okay, not bad, but not awesome.  Plus, they really didnt seem to have a huge wine selection.  I got the impression that thier bar is more liquor based then anything else.  Thats fine, but for me, I think I'm turning into a wino, and I have to get my drink on from time to time and mix it up!
Last weekend, Digestif. This weekend, Lyte. Scottsdale establishments seem to be having a hard time lately deciding exactly what they are.

The location of Lyte is good, as it way from the main Scottsdale scene.  Plus it is next to Crown Room, so you can go to two places in one night.  Lyte is a good place for socializing as there are some large tables with couches, a large open floor, and a smaller area with tables and chairs seperated from the rest of the place by a curtain.  Other than that, I have no idea what Lyte is actually going for. There was a jazz band that was playing for most of the time we were there and then it switched to house music. The couches were black and white and gave me the impression that Lyte was trying to go for an upscale mod vibe, but then they had a TV with a Wii that you could play. There was an artist painting in the corner where there were graffiti covered walls and there were paintings of Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn for sale.  To top it all off, there were belly dancers with swords and fire.  I'm not sure if Lyte is trying to be a lounge, an art gallery, or a performance space. 

One of the passed appetizers was delicious...it was the one with chicken on a tortilla chip with hummus perhaps. The other appetizer I tried was either chicken or turkey on a stick with a rosemary and sage rub, which was good but not excellent.  The staff at Lyte was good, starting with the friendly bouncer at the door and continuing with the nice waitresses who came around with the appetizers, albeit I don't think at times they knew 100% what they were serving.

I will give Lyte another chance another night, but it's not on the top of my places to hit up the next time I am in Scottsdale.
I liked Lyte and the fact that they hosted us Yelpers, but like others have mentioned this place is confused.  As I mentioned in the event review, the major highlight is the layout which made mingling very easy.

The food here was ok: there was the bacon-wrapped asparagus and the bacon-wrapped prawns.  At this rate, I was expecting bacon-wrapped scrambled eggs and bacon-wrapped bacon.  Luckily there were more inspired tapas in store for us. My favorite of the tapas-style finger foods were probably the Cajun sausage glazed in molasses.

The bar/lounge is a mish mash of random themes in decor and entertainment:  a corner for graffiti art, luxe lounge with plush white/black banquettes, belly dancers, Wii in one corner, jazz band  in another corner, techno/house music later and the overly played out retro wallpaper you see everywhere nowadays.  Something for everyone would be a positive way of looking at Lyte.  But the execution seemed a little insecure - uncertain of what it wanted to be.

This confusion extended to the glassware as well.  Every time I ordered a drink (raspberry vodka and soda) it came out in completely different sizes from small to a large pint glass as if they just used any old glass that was clean. 

I would go back, but out of the three places I went to that night, I would be more likely to go to the other places over Lyte.
First of all, take away the Scottsdale from this place. Please! 

Take away the snobbery, the over-priced designer schwag, the rippling muscles reeking with insecurity and the overly obnoxious chicks with Daddy issues... and well, you have a Lyte Lounge I'd be happy to frequent. 

First off, I'm not a drinker of cocktails. But, Lyte does offer some tasty beers - like Peroni, Pilsner Urquell, Newscastle, Stella... so, there are definitely options! 

I like the decor - the art on the walls, the invitation for the resident artist to paint during the night. I like the high-back horse-shoe white booths. I like the open floor. I like the bar area, which warps back to the private lounge. I like the patio, which has an outdoor bar and fireplace. I even like the bathrooms - clean! Most of all, I like the "Wii Lounge" there - available in a sort of "private" lounge area, elevated and tucked in the corner, overlooking the rest of the patrons. 

Yes, I could easily like this place. I mean, the music offers a wide variety. When I was there, I heard a singer/songwriter, a band playing "big band" style tunes and a DJ throwing down some serious dance tracks. I liked the music very much so! (Some would say it has an identity crisis, but I prefer to look at is as VARIETY!)

But, let's face it, this is still a Scottsdale lounge. And for that reason alone (because we all know what a Scottsdale lounge is and what kind of people it attracts), I HIGHLY doubt I'll ever go back. Too bad... because I could see myself really, really liking this place. 

I think the ONE AND ONLY TIME I'd come here is earlier in the evening (around 8:30) before heading to my final destination, whatever they may be. But, let's be real. Am I really going to go out to Lyte Lounge before heading someplace else? That's doubtful.

But, for all those in favor of a night out in Scottsdale, this is a good place to stop. It's right next to Crown Room and lends itself to a short walk to other places, like Drift or Myst. Not a bad place to be, if you're a bar/lounge trying to make it in the Snottsdale Circuit.
r.i.p.
So you have a crappy seafood restaurant that fails miserably. What do you do? Add tapas to the menu! Tapas seem to be turning into the new fallback for failing restaurants.

Anyway, my initial thought when walking in the door was boredom. Drab decorations of different shades of brown and music you can hardly hear, which is probably a good thing based on their song selections.

Not really sure what they're trying to do here. You have steaks, seafood, and about as American a name you can have "STEELES". The tapas don't really fit. Strange. Service was ok. Food wasn't that good though. Nothing stood out. I've had worse I guess.

The overall experience was just very blah. The atmosphere wasn't fun and the food didn't save me from the boredom.

I won't be going back unless they re-concept again and add some batting cages or minigolf.
had to hit henderson on biz so decided to try steele's given their new "look" - tapa's menu.  i figured i can continue on my quest for the best sliders in the vegas valley.  i got there late, 2 pm,  2 other customers in the place.  

I sat at the bar and had a nice belgium beer on tap, i forget the name ( $6)   i ordered the sea salt / chive chips, the sliders and an asparagus leek grill.  total cost ( incl 2 beers ) $35.

the chips - THE BEST POTATO CHIPS I'VE EVERY EATEN !   No BS - and i luv chips !!  The asparagus  came with a roasted red pepper sauce - ok; the sliders - had that nice charbroil/gas taste that i like.  a little light on the meat - ok. but the CHIPS !!!!

If i'm ever in the area again - it's beer and chips at the bar !
So you have steaks and tapas here - we tried the tapas.  Nothing really popped on the tapas menu, it was definately not very extensive, so we tried about 6-7 dishes and everything was pretty meh.  

The lamb lollipops were OK but too fatty.  It's pretty tough when only 1 out of 3 bites is meaty.  Our service was good and they seemed to have some good beers on tap.  The bar area looked OK - this seems like a better place to come for drinks, but then again Fados is right next door so what's the point.  I don't think I'll be back.  

Fireflys is 10x better even if I have to beat down a few club-goers to get in the door.
geez !  what a diff two weeks can make in a place !!

go back last week for lunch with a friend - sorry, we are not open for lunch anymore - here, a $10 coupon for dinner. hey, can i get a bag of the chips to go ? sir, we make out own chips , yeah babe !  i know !

back this week with the gf for dinner.  8:30 pm.  there are 3 other couples in the entire place - that ain't good.

ask the server for the belgium beer they have on tap - " the list of beers are on the last page ."  shit man, you only have one belgium beer on tap, do you know the menu !?!?

order the chips, paella, lamb lollipops, coconut shrimp, roasted mushrooms,  fish tacos,  and a glass of  pinot noir.

i expect the chips first, we get them LAST. wtf !?!?

good - paella, the lamb, fish tacos

avg - shrooms,  

below avg - shrimp ( overcooked) chips - yes, my coveted chips - cold, limp, no salt 

the ugly - where's my wine ? "sorry sir, i put the order in but the bartender is ignoring me - i 'll get the manager to have him open a bottle."  Don't bother as i look over and i see the bartender making time with a blonde bim.

finally order the chocolate molten cake.  "just so you know, it takes 15-20 minutes"  huuh ??  thanks for the heads up.  we order the churros instead - i wish we had our camera !  the pile of churros are arranged like its a PILE OF SHIT !!!  I can't lie, it was decent shit, but i told the server, you may want to "straighten" out the churros, he looked at it, chuckled and said he will inform the chef.  about the only laugh i had all night.

my guess, this place lasts 2 more months !
Wow!  A little piece of the Mediterranean just sprouted up in Las Vegas.  Nice wine list (try the Barth Rhinegau), wonderful atmosphere, pleasant service and great menu.  Authentic tapas!  Must try's:  bacon-wrapped figs, shrimp alillo (sp?) (awesome garlicky sauce) and the black mussels (same sauce--get extra bread!).  And the price was quite reasonable--about $125 for 2 adults, a pre-teen and a little guy.  Oh:  and the staff and chef were most accommodating to our picky little guy:  custom-made pizza, cheese only, no-sauce.

Great place to spend time with family and friends!
Enjoyed everything we had except the albondigas (only ok) but my food mate loved 'em & wants to come back for more.  We shared everything & I ended up taking the paella home which my 13 yr old son gobbled down ravenously despite never having had it before.  I thought the seafood paella a bit salty but I am used to very little salt in gen'l & it's ~$14 .  There's also a chicken or vegetarian.  Chris, our waiter, recommended the red sangria $6, which was very tasty.  Cost was ~$60/2 without feeling even remotely stuffed for ~5 dishes + 1 sangria.
This is a new tapas restaurant we recently discovered in the Summerlin area.  We started off Baba Gandoush - baked eggplant pureed with olive oil and lemon juice and served with warm pita bread (very good).  We next ordered Shrimp a la Diabla - marinated shrimp sauted with garlic, red pepper and white wine,  spicy and delicious,  and bacon wrapped figs.  (Both were excellent)  Our last order was spinach stuffed mushrooms topped with bchamel sauce and Swiss cheese very good) and Classic Paella - saffron rice mixed with black mussels, shrimp, calamari, peas and carrots (excellent). Service was very attentive and knowledgeable.
I think, with time, Cafe Deia could be a great local restaurant.  As of early Feb 09, I think it still needs a bit more time to bake.  

They did everything right on the surface.  Good location, great atmosphere, excellent service, appropriate menu.  Where they fell down was on the execution of the food.     

The sangria had no fruit in it.  The ceviche didn't come with any chips or crackers.  The stuffed mushrooms were small and barely stuffed.  Everything tasted good, but it could have just been so much more.  The final straw though, was that the Albondigas were raw in the middle, and we had to send them back.  I probably would have given this place four stars if it hadn't been for that.  

The flaws are easily overcome though, and I will try this place again in a few months to see how it has progressed.  I'm a huge fan of tapas and would like to see this place improve and succeed.
Exploring a new restaurant is always of interest.  The menu at Cafe Deia caught our attention, along with a few other specials they were offering.

Starting off with their White Sangria ($20 pitcher), I found it to be a bit strong and not sweet enough.  I had to ask for some simple syrup so I could enjoy it morel.  Like Amy S. mentioned, they could really use some real fruit in there.  I like my sangria loaded with fruit and it's mostly lemon slices in there.

A pretty large menu to choose from, but we decided to go with tapas all the way.

* Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese "Thinly sliced imported Serrano ham served with Manchego and a French baguette" ($9) - Highly recommended by our waiter, Chris.  Warm baguette arrived with a few slices of cheese and salty ham. Yes, it's good and very rustic.  Reminds me of the kind of food you grab for a picnic when you're overseas.  They give you more bread if you need it too!

* Tuna Tartar "Diced ahi tuna mixed in wasabi, soy sauce and Asian chili paste served with avocado and green onions" ($8) - The avocado and tomatoes are served in a crispy shell with the tuna mixture and hard-boiled egg bits on the side.  Good, but needs some assembling if you want to get all the tastes in your mouth at once.

* Shrimp Ceviche "Tiger shrimp cooked in lime and lemon juice, mixed with avocado, cucumber, red onions and chili pepper" ($9) - Generous on the shrimp and tasty!  It was good on its own and presented in a nice manner too.

* Bacon Wrapped Figs "Fresh figs wrapped in bacon and pan seared" ($7) - My absoluter favorite dish of the evening.  A total flavor explosion in your mouth!  The balsamic vinegar sauce adds a nice acidity and sweetness, and is just delicious!  

* Stuffed Mushrooms "Stuffed Chorizo mushrooms, and baked to perfection." ($4) - Yummy little buggers as well, along with the balsamic vinegar sauce drizzled on the bottom.  Good stuff! 

* Black Mediterranean Mussels in Garlic White Wine Sauce "Sauteed in garlic and white wine" ($9) - Came with bread which is needed to sop up all that wine and garlic sauce laying beneath the mussels.  Yum.

* Mallorcan Soup "the only soup you can eat with a fork! pork, vegetables and bread slowly cooked in olive oil and natural juices" ($5) - It's 'interesting' if anything.  More stew-like, and not one of my favorites although the Husband enjoyed it.

Dessert menus are delivered in a letter.

* Fruit Beignet $3 - Pretty disappointing.  Nothing to rave about.  The batter had hints of all the other savory foods that it was fried with.

* Chocolate Banana Crepe ($5) - Highly recommended by our waiter, especially since I wasn't impressed with the beignet.  The crepes were okay, a bit too thick for my liking.  Reminded me of pancakes, which I'm more of a waffle kind of girl.  Simple crepes, folded over, then slices of banana, chocolate sauce, and powdered sugar go on top.  

I think the Spanish Creme Brulee ($7) or Chocolate Lave Cake ($7) would have fared better.

We did try ordering:

* Sausage Platter "Assorted imported Spanish sausages served with a French baguette" ($8) - Our waiter wasn't too fond of this and pushed the Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese dish on us instead.

* Albondigas "Ground beef meatballs served in a spicy tomato sauce" ($5) - Again, we wanted to order this, but was discouraged to do so.  Just as well from reading all the other reviews about this dish.

Overall, service was good.  Chris was attentive as well as the other staff that helped along.  The food came out a bit too fast for the two of us, so we had to make room quickly at our table.  The chef came by at one point to check on our meal, which I definitely appreciated that personal touch.  (The Husband also noticed the chef helping out with front room duties too.)  We also saw salads made table side, which is totally unnecessary but a nice presentational effect.

They have a lot of promise.  An outdoor eating area with firepit and happy hour specials can definitely pull in the crowds.  We went during their Mardi Gras specials.  The tapas we ordered are perfect for two to three sharing, maybe even four.  They also serve up salads, paellas, burgers, and pizza if you want something more for just yourself too. 

(Pics posted!)
This time we tried the chix paella which was also good & not salty in any way.    Next, the shrimp diabla was strongly spicy but a perfect  accompaniment to the more bland paella.  We had more of the albondigas (not good to me but my eating mate loves 'em) & manchego/prosciutto since they were out of thut to were out of the serrano ham but it was just as good.  We ate outside despite some wind which chased a few patrons inside but we enjoyed the fresh air & the patio was refreshing at this time of year.  All in all still a relaxing place to go.
Love love love this place! 

I went here with a few friends on a Tuesday night for yet another birthday celebration (and a celebration it was!) The service was outstanding. Our server Beto was accommodating and constantly refilling our (many) drinks. The bartender even gave me a free drink since it was my birthday! 

We ordered: 
Shrimp Kabobs- yummy crispy and seasoned perfectly
Chicken Kabobs- equally delicious 
Stuffed Mushrooms- very hearty and a little spicy from the chorizo, but nicely paired with a sweet sauce drizzled on top. 
Papas Bravas- crisp delicious potatoes, the sauce was very hot which I enjoyed, but could only stand a little bit. 
Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese- the ham was nice and thin and really salty (like I like it) which was offset by the mild cheese and crispy baguette. 
Bacon Wrapped Figs- absolutely hands down the best thing I've tasted in a long time. The figs were sweet, plump and juicy surrounded by crisp cooked bacon and accompanied by what seemed to be a balsamic reduction. The next time I go, I will order several of these! 
White Sangria- this is the best sangria I've ever had. It had delicious mixes of fruit in the glass and the perfect amount of tart flavor to offset the sweetness. (I have since found out they sell it by the pitcher- which would have been nice to know since I ordered 7 glasses!- hey it was my birthday!) 
Apple pie- served warm with vanilla ice cream- yum! 
Sorbet- chocolate, watermelon and vanilla. The chocolate sorbet was so rich and velvety, almost like eating a mousse. The vanilla was rich as well. The watermelon sorbet was tart and delicious. 

The decor is not what you would expect form a restaurant in a strip mall. The outdoor seating area was so luxurious with couches and a fire pit. The bar opens to the outside as well, which provided a really nice social area. Despite it being a Tuesday night there were quite a few patrons. I will definitely be back soon!
Cafe Deia is a very attractive, relatively new restaurant in Summerlin.  If atmosphere were all, I'd give it five stars.  There's a large main dining room and a spacious bar area.  The patio is really nice, but the brave souls eating and drinking there in 100+ degree weather had more stamina than I.  

Our waitress was a young Polish woman, business-like and without any warmth.  That would have been okay.  But when I pored over the menu for twenty minutes trying to decide what to order and finally settled on one thing, with another as a back-up, she came over and told us that the restaurant was out of chorizo.  At a tapas place????  And why the hell didn't she tell us that right away - both items I picked had chorizo!!!

So it was back to the menu, and nothing was tempting.  I finally gave up and settled on just a spinach salad, which was okay, but nothing special.  My husband ordered the Mallorcan "soup."  I will never understand why they call this a soup.   It was good, but as someone else mentioned, it didn't live up to the hype.  He also had the chicken kabobs, also okay, but somewhat skimpy for the price.  I can't remember the other dish he ordered, but we both had the sangria, which wasn't terribly impressive.  I think if you're going to pay a consultant to write menu copy, you should make sure that the items live up to the over-inflated descriptions.

While I was in the middle of eating my salad, the waitress came over and began to clear the table.  My fork was in my hand, so it was apparent I wasn't finished.  I had a mouthful of salad, so I could only gesticulate to get her to leave the stuff alone, including my bread plate, which she'd already taken.  And a few minutes after that, she returned to hand us the dessert menus.  Now I was pissed, and was more than a little hostile when I said "We're not finished eating!"  It was a Monday night, there was no waiting line for tables, and the restaurant had a couple of hours to go before closing.  This kind of rush job is rude and, to me, the epitome of poor service.

We had a restaurant.com gift certificate, which stated that a 20% tip would be added to the bill.  Normally, that's what we'd leave for a tip - if the service warranted it.  And most of the time in this city, it certainly does.  But in this case - NOT! Restaurants sometimes do specify that they'll add on a tip, and often they don't do it, even if it's stipulated.  But this is the first time I've ever seen a number higher than 18%, and this is the first time I've had a real problem with it.  Unfortunately, I didn't know about it until after we'd left the restaurant, since my husband was the one who had the certificate and paid the bill while I visited the ladies' room.  I would have had a quiet talk with the manager.

We would probably return to Cafe Deia.  But we've been to so many terrific places in this town that it would not be at the top of my list.  And we would make sure we had a different server.
I visited this place last night and the decor is quite nice , very spacious inside with a bar and a patio. I love tapas because I can try several dishes without my stomach exploding. 

The Good: bacon wrapped dates, bacon wrapped figs, shrimp Ala diabla, hummus, mussels in garlic wine sauce, stuffed mushrooms 

The Bad: Stuffed calamari, creme brulee type dessert - like very runny bread pudding. The paella was a bit disappointing. I did not get any subtle hints of saffron. I have never had good paella n this town. I am more inclined to the Spanish style paella which is both simple and flavorful. 

The Ugly: lamb porterhouse - very gamy and tough. I would not recommend this dish. $10 a pop...yikes! 

All in all I did have a good experience. They just have to work on their menu a little bit more. There were dishes that were just awesome and some that were just horrible. The prices are alright. $130 for three people. Which is on the $$$ side. It is a good place to dine especially if you live in the west side of town.
Pretty darn good!  They were accommodating and efficient when it comes to service.  The food was good and the happy hour menu looked great - I was only disappointed that they would not allow us to take advantage of the happy hour from a table 6 feet away in the "dining" area.
12/08 We started off Baba Gandoush - baked eggplant pureed with olive oil and lemon juice and served with warm pita bread (3.5 Forks).  We next ordered Shrimp a la Diabla - marinated shrimp sauted with garlic, red pepper and white wine,  spicy and delicious,  and bacon wrapped figs.  (4.5 Forks for each)  Our last order was spinach stuffed mushrooms topped with bchamel sauce and Swiss cheese (3.5 Forks) and Classic Paella - saffron rice mixed with black mussels, shrimp, calamari, peas and carrots.  (4.5 Forks) Service was very attentive and knowledgeable.  

09/09 On our second visit we ordered a total of 5 dishes and asked the waiter to space them out appropriately.  Our first dishes were albondigas, meatballs in a spicy tomato sauce (2.5 Forks), and shrimp ajillo, shrimp marinated in garlic & olive oil and then sauted in white wine with parsley (4 Forks).  We were next served bacon wrapped figs (4 Forks) and papas bravas (roasted and sauted potatoes served with a spicy sauce (3.5 Forks).  After a long wait I reminded our server that we had one more order to come.  Our last tapa was fried calamari with a very spicy sauce.  The calamari were lightly breaded and very tender
We made reservations on open table & drove here to find out that it was closed on a Saturday night.  We ended up eating at Sedona (2 minutes away) and had an excellent dining experience over there.   Wish I could give you ZERO STARS.
REALLY good tapas.  Much better ambience than Firefly...mellower and friendlier, and not as g.d. loud.  I liked everything we ordered --  sangria, bacon-wrapped dates, some kind of pork stew (I don't even normally like pork, and I had TWO pork things here that were awesome!).... had more stuff but can't recall what... just remember being totally pleased with everything.  It's kind of far out on the outskirts of town, but worth the drive!
Their advertisement in the the Weekly showed a patio area where you could see the Strip and the lights... don't count on it. You get to stare at Chuckie Cheese and a few other strip mall buildings. The fire pit outside was nice and our waiter was OK. Nothing special, although we didn't try any food.
CLOSED DUE TO LANDLORD LEASE FORECLOSURE SITUATION

They're looking to reopen in new space somewhere soon.
The meal was ok, but the service was rather rude in my opinion.  You would think ordering an espresso out of order with the meal would not demand ridicule from the servers.  Can a guy just be tired and have some caffeine?  I guess that is just too outside social norms to be allowed.
You know im not even angry with them, im actually annoyed at myself for agreeing to even walk in the door of this place!

When La Tasca starting taking the UK & Ireland by storm 7 years ago they offered an All Bar One approach to restaurant experience - create something good then replicate it x 10! And it worked - it was nice - sangria, decent grub, served up by friendly staff!

What the hell happened.........!!!!

Since then their prices have come down but the food is now a distaster! Deep fried or microwaved rubbish! Tasteless or over salted its just a shame!!

Its just a classic fail, over expanded menu, too many ingredients = disaster!!

For the love of god please just close it down or go back to where you started! The fact a restaurant on St Andrews Square has 2 reviews in 7 years says all you need to know!
Great location in the city center with the Castle close by. It was such a nice way to end our time in Edinburgh. 

I was a Tapas virgin until I came here and the waiters were super friendly and helpful. I think even the manager of the restaurant came by at one point so I feel like they are making a real effort since the time the other reviews were posted. The staff was friendly and gave us plenty of time to ponder and order, explaining as they went and asking about whether we had been previously. In fact, they were so attentive that I was surprised when my boyfriend told me it was a chain!

The food was pretty much an A. I have had Tapas a couple time since then and the food has basically tied with this place with no clear surpassers in terms of flavors. However, the menu seems to have changed quite a bit in the past 6 months or so?

The interior is quite the contrast to the formal facade. It's rustic with truly Spanish inspired art and warm yellow coloring. The lacquered wood furnishings and bright accents really make you feel like you're in the country itself. Many different kinds of people sat amid the animated pillows making it comfortable and welcoming. Good for date nights or family dinners and anything in between!
I've been here twice, so far, with my husband, and we both love it!  The first time there was complementary wine tasting--a fun activity while waiting for the food to arrive. We've tried a number of the small plates and the vegetarian paella. The food is consistently delicious, perfectly seasoned, and very traditionally Spanish. The staff is friendly and attentive. Located in a not-so-nice strip mall off of Allen Blvd., the interior is surprisingly lovely--great ambiance, and a welcome improvement to said strip mall for sure. It's right down the road from our house, and we are thrilled to have such a yummy, charming place in close proximity. We will definitely be visiting again soon.
Absolutely awesome tapas, exactly what the Madison area needed. I can't afford the Icon, and it's not nearly as authentic. My family is from Madrid, and I can honestly say that the tapas are very traditional- traditional enough that I had to read the menu & explain some of the dishes & ingredients to my non-Spanish friends at the table. The service was a little on the slower side, but I've found that's pretty typical for such a new restaurant. I hope that the servers speed up a little, without sacrificing the quality of the food. I highly recommend checking it out yourself... sit back, relax, & enjoy the relaxed environment! I'll be back as soon as possible to see if the paella can live up to my Abuelita's :)
We chose Tapas Rias last night for a special occasion & it was a terrific choice! For less than $50, 2 people were stuffed with tapas, a half pitcher of very good sangria riojas & 2 desserts. The selection of tapas was pretty broad & the portions generous. Our favorites of what we ordered were the grilled scallops, the garbanzo beans with chorizo & the cold red potato salad (not the one with tuna). Oddly, the low point of the 6 dishes we ordered was the Spanish olives; I love these when we are in Europe, but have never had any in the US that aren't over-salted & under-flavored. The table next to us ordered the cold mussels & we wished we had tried them, too (next time). The service was excellent- attentive but not intrusive. The other highlight of the evening was the music- The Sweet Tooths! We had never heard them before, but when we got home & looked them up on MySpace & YouTube we may be in the minority. If you have never heard them (also known as Bronson & Preston Taalbi), remedy that IMMEDIATELY. You don't have to like Spanish or flamenco guitar (but I bet you will after you hear them), because they intersperse that with guitar standards like Clapton, Santana, & Stairway to Heaven. We will definitely go back to Tapas Rias & will probably break a traffic law or two if we hear The Sweet Tooths are there.
The quality of food warrents a much higher price. Similar tapas bars in Madison charges you much more for half the portion and terrible flavor. Enjoyed the atmosphere and the food. Great value
We went with the kids as a family. All the kids loved the bread and oil that is served before the meal. My wife and I scoured Spain for good paella, but the Tapas Rias seafood paella is far better. The tapas are tasty and prices are good.
The plato combinado was mighty tasty.
Not authentic, not fresh,  and really not worth the bother!

The quality of ingredients was sub-par, the ingredients used in the menu items weren't authentic either.  Another disappointing tapas experience in Madison...I can't wait to see someone do it right.
We ordered all varieties of the hot tapas, and fell in love right away. Yay for the first Spanish Tapas we had in Madison, and yay for the cheap delicious seafoods and many more. The grilled squid and the cucumber salad was so tasty and refreshing, the chicken and ham croquette/puff was very tasty and satisfying, the deep fried squid was not special but still delisious (with mayo sauce on the side), and the grilled octopus were okay. The bread was warm and soft, and after dipping it in olive oil, yummm it was so much better. 
We also ordered the paella, as we think it's a must whenever you go to a Spanish restaurant. We were dissapointed, because you have to get two orders minimum,  it was not as cheap as other meals in the menu, and the taste was so-so.  I won't go back and order this again.
For drink, I had the mango sangria, and I loveeeee it!!!
The waitress was super friendly and attentive, eventhough it was a busy night. Overall, this place is a must visit, especially if you crave for fresh seafood for a reasonable price!! It's a very nice place to have a fun night out, sharing foods, and enjoying different flavors of sangria...
This is probably one of the most best places I've dined at in a while. Their paella is incredible, so much seafood and chicken that two people might not be enough to finish it!! The red wine sangria was amazing, not too strong nor too weak, just right. Plus each meal is started off with warm fresh bread and olive oil, delicious!! And there are so many tapas to choose from, I recommend the plata combinado for a good all-around sampling of the tapas frias. The portions are great too, not to small that you're still hungry but not too large where you're walking out with a huge box.

Tapas Rias is fantastic, bottom line!!
Great food and excellent service.  Everyone is friendly and makes sure you have what you need.  We love to get a variety of hot tapas.  The beef tenderloin skewers are so tender and the sauce is delicious.  We always get a plate of the Chorizo to share.  The variety of different sausages is really nice.  Tonight we tried the Rioja potatoes with sausages and the sauce on that dish was really tasty.  The bread is fresh and warm and perfect to soak up the wonderful sauces on everything.  We have also enjoyed the scallops.  

The atmosphere is warm and inviting despite the high ceilings and the Spanish music gives a nice atmosphere.  Don't let the strip mall location discourage you from trying this gem.
Our first visit to this place was for my birthday, and it was killer!  The second visit, for my husband's birthday, not so much.  Super under -staffed, therefore super slow service, and the food was not great.  We'll try it again, just to give it a fair chance...I hope it's good!
The food is delicious and affordable. I am primarily writing to counter a few of the bad reviews.

1. Granted the service was slow, they were busy when I went. HOWEVER without any comment on the mediocre service, the owner came and apologized and brought us all free drinks! Amazing job keeping us happy! 

2. I have an issue with the individuals who say it is awful because it is not authentic. First off, judging by the reviewers names they are not of Spanish origin. Secondly, trying to know precisely what an entire nations food should be is difficult even for people of that nationality. One "typical" dish can be represented many ways in different regions. Thirdly, even if it is not "authentic" it is very delicious!
This was a pleasant find.  Each plate feeds about 3-4 people so it's nice to be able to share and enjoy a greater variety of food.  We were offered a sample of the red sangria and it was seasoned with cinnamon;  I'm normally not much of a fan but I would order this sangria.  

Since there were four of us, we got to try a number of dishes, all of which we really enjoyed (the ingredients were very fresh and everything was well-seasoned):  Queso de Cabra En Adobe (goat cheese), Platos de Tres Quesos, Pincho de Solomillo (tender, skewered beef, terrific),  Gambas al Ajillo (very garlicky shrimp), Roxo Adobado (pork - terrific), Caracoles a la Barcelona (not your typical escargot and you do want to get every bit of sauce with the bread they serve), and the tomatoes with sausage (the vegetables were great even without the flavourful sausage).

My family really enjoyed it and we all agreed that we'd come back.
I have been here a number of times and figured I should give them some love!  Don't be scared of the "strip mall appearance" and go on in you will be pleasantly surprised! 

Weekends & week nights friends and I have always got right in and had quick immediate service.  The servers are always very friend and helpful with selections.  They have live music I believe every Friday night.

Everything I have ever had here is always very fresh, tasty and fulfilling. 
There are many many Tapas to choose from and there is something for everyone! It is so fun to all pick something and pass it around! 

I would highly recommend trying the specialty drinks here!  The Margaritas & mojitos with the spice around the rim are simply amazing.  

2 for 1 Margaritas on Weds Night!!  =)
I love this Spanish-themed restaurant! We had a very satisfying meal here and it was reasonably priced. The waitstaff was numerous, efficient and very gracious. The tapas were filling, nicely presented and set at the $5-7 range, with cold selections available. Entrees were available too. There was a lot of fish on the menu, but enough for vegetarians and meat eaters. The owner introduced himself after the meal and we tasted a complimentary Spanish margarita sample and chocolates at the end of our meal. Everyone in the restaurant was having a good time and there was a relaxed, cosmopolitan feel to the place. The info at their site deserves a look. The music was acoustic guitar and was unnecessarily mic'd, but like many Madison restaurants, it was noisy because everyone was talking and having a good time--ear plugs suggested. Although located in an Allen Blvd. strip mall next to the Dollar store and the demolished Sentry, the atmoosphere is cozy, warm and buzzing. We went on Friday after tax day so it was busy...
Old fish. Good service, yet unapologetic. The paella was flavorless with no hint of saffron nor fish broth.  Hubby tells me mixing meat and fish in paella is a no-no in Spain. Not a big deal to me, if the shrimp didn't have a moldy aftertaste. Luckily we are headed to cilantro for a sangria taste-off slash clean our palate adventure. Not likely to return anytime soon.
On one hand, I love tapas like I love my children so I would like to have given this a 5-star rating.  On the other hand, the recommended items were average and a couple of the items were just not very good.

The reviews on Yelp had prepared me for the lackluster setting in a stripmall but the restaurant is nicely appointed with Spanish ambience (music, art, wine).  The service was attentive.

Sadly, their food just wasn't very good or tasty.
Really unassuming as a tapas joint.  As others said, don't let the strip mall appearance fool you, food is great.  Its much better than Cafe Samba if you been there, with a menu thats 2x or 3x bigger.

Lots of hot, cold, combos, seafood etc.
Super speedy service, tasty well plated foods.
Waitress helped explain certain items or what food looked like.
Great drink specials.
Pretty reasonable bill, we had 8 plates and 4 drinks and it came to around $50-60 only for the 2 of us.  We were STUFFED with those plates and had 3 left over boxes to take home with us for lunch the next day....reheated really well too.
They have very delicious food. I can eat their gazpacho three times a day, every day. It is great.
I really enjoyed this place. I went there with some night-school classmates to blow off steam after a late class. We tried a variety of tapas, of which, the chicken were the best. There are a variety of dishes, all of which pack a lot of flavor. The Wednesday night drinks specials are great (2 for 1 margaritas or sangria). Average price person ended up being around $10. Given all the food we eat, this was a fantastic value. 

I give it extra props for taking us in at 9:10 (they close at 10) and letting us stay a little extra late. Our server was attentive and even divided up all of our checks. 

Check this place out! I can't wait to go back.
I like the setting of this restaurant. There's a nice bar and the decor of the dining area is nice. This is a true Spanish tapas place.

I've only been here once and it was okay. The sangria was a good deal. We ordered eight tapas plates to try as much variety as possible. I don't think our waitress was that helpful. We would show her the menu and point to a random dish we thought was interesting and ask her if she'd recommend it or if it was good. She affirmed each time and at the time, she made me think I was a genius. Well, all the plates were mediocre or decent. We had two desserts, one was an ice cream-based and another was a sweet pear. I didn't really like either.

Service, however, was great. I kind of felt bad since we kept asking our waitress for recommendations instead of ordering the tapas all at once.
CLOSED ***

Ugh!!!!    Banging.   My.   Head.   On.   My.   Steering  wheel!!

What is up with trying to get a bite to eat in Middleton?  First I went to Palmyra.  It was closed for good.  As I was Yelping on my phone, I saw a local guy and he recommended Tapas Rias.  So I drove here to Tapas Rias and guess what?  It was closed for good. 

Next I go to the gas station to fill up and I ask another local what he recommends.  He said the buffet at the grocery store (Copps Food Center) was great and Imperial Garden has the best Chinese food around. So I pretended to sound interested since he was kind enough to talk with me. However, a grocery store buffet and chinese food...in Middleton?  That's the best a local could offer?  But it got better.  As he gave me directions to Imperial Garden, he explained that the restaurant was attached to a gas station.  UGH!!!  No thank you!

Now I'm frustrated AND hungry and I'm just trying to find some decent food to bring back to the hotel for me and my husband.  

So on my way to Imperial Gas station....I mean Garden.  I drive by Crandall's.  This place looked like it had good food.  Unfortunately, they are closed on Sunday.  After Yelping a bit more, I looked up Captain Bill's. I wasn't necessarily looking to spend a lot of money, but it sounded good and I was in the area. I passed it up a couple times, but once I found it, there was a sign on the door "open 5 PM to Close".  Well...it was almost 3 PM.  Is this for real people.  I had nothing to eat today.  How can this be? 

Thank God for Yelp.  I starting Yelping again and looked up more reviews in the Middleton area.  That's when Mharaja Restaurant came up.  I called immediately to find out if they were open...for the day...or at all for that matter.  The man who answered the phone explained that they close at 3 PM. It was 2:51 PM and he was kind enough to wait for me to get there.  I ordered way too much food but it was pretty decent.

***I would have rather had tapas, but as you can see from my photo, it will soon be a little Mexican restaurant called Cocina Real.
As Wendy C notes, the location has closed.  Verified.
Very nice little joint. Nice atmosphere, great tapas but needs a bit more greenery in the menu to add a bit of variety to proceedings. Definitely worth a visit though if you need a Spanish fix.
Fantastic......... 
The two of us went there on a Saturday @ 6pm withought booking, which wasn't a problem, they gave us two hrs which was fine, we had 5 tapas to start and the paella for 2 which was great with 2 Btls wine 67. staff are very friendly and nothings to much bother, a great atmosphere too. 

Enjoy.
This place might have a great central location, and it might stand out from all the other multitude of eateries in the George Street area because there aren't that many spanish places around, but I still don't rate it.

Loads of Spanish restaurants, in my opinion, leave you tasting nothing more than paprika and grease in your mouth for the rest of the evening/week, and Caf Andalz didn't really much to dispel that theory.

I also couldn't help thinking it was overpriced. Not because the food wasn't good, but because with it being tapas the portions were really small and so I left thinking I could easily go for the same again.

They do offer really good deals on their website, and in the snapfax for the benefit of students, but everyone I know who's tried to take them up on this has had no end of problems. Unless you quote the offer code or snapfax page at least ten times when calling up to book, or when you first arrive, you can expect to see abosultely nothing of the promos or discounts you thought you were going to receive.

It's lucky the setting is lovely, and the service is efficient, or I'd definitely be giving this 2 stars.
This is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh if I'm heading out last-minute. It always gaurantee's quality and the food is delicious! And you don't have to be particularly dressy either - amazing!

My first visit here was with my dad, after we had just climbed Arthurs Seat (imagine sweat marks, curly hair and muddy shoes) but I didn't feel uncomfortable. Partly because it had a really casual atmosphere, and partly because it's quite dark in here! 

The staff are really friendly and eager to help. As a result of my first visit, I come to Andaluz (what the cool kids call it) every other week or so. My order is always the same....

Mussels in a white wine and garlic sauce
Scallops with parma ham and leeks
Honey-mustard Chicken
Black Pudding with Apple mango chutney

I usually go with someone else, and the above selection usually fills us up. I thoroughly recommend the Black Pudding with chutney, and it goes really well with the honey-chicken.

The only bad thing about Andaluz is the price of wine - the cheapest bottle is around 13, but I suppose the free mints at the door compensate for this.
If you look below, you'll find a fairly accurate description of how your mouth will feel after a visit to Cafe Andaluz. I'm going to be a bit more generous though and say it's paprika and (greasy) olive oil you taste for weeks afterwards. That's not really a problem for me though, as I love paprika, olive oil, and grease if I'm being honest. 

Cafe Andaluz is a small but popular chain, and while it has the usual chain drawbacks of a slightly processed edge to proceedings and a very sanitised ambience, I quite like it. The scallops and paella are particularly tasty, as is a potato dish of which I can't quite remember the name.

Ladies, watch out for the randy old Spanish waiters, they could really do with a cold shower.
If you love tapas than Cafe Andaluz offers the best tapas around and it's always a struggle for me to pick what I want off the menu as everything always looks so good. My favourites are;

Patatas Gratinadas - which is to die for, layered potatoes with a creamy sauce over it, has to be my favourite.
Paella Valenciana - a mixed paella with fish and meats, amazing.
Pollo Marinado - Chicken with a lemon and coriander dressing with yoghurt
and last but not least; squid rings. Yum! 


I had a rather embarrassing experience here once, we went with a big group and a friend brought along his new girlfriend who was a complete pain in the backside, always trying to outdo everyone else. She decided she would be "smart" and spoke to the waiter in Spanish and ordered everything in Spanish too, to which he just replied; "right, so you want the prawns, the potatoes and the asparagus?". Hilarious!

It's worthwhile joining their mailing list as they often send special offers, I recently got an e-mail with a 20% off voucher for my next meal here!
The first time I had a meal at Cafe Andaluz, after it had just recently opened, I have to admit to being quite disappointed. I lived in Spain for a good wee while, so I do know a bit about how tapas are meant to taste, but it's not even that, even if you haven't set foot in Spain in your life before, it's pretty obvious what constitutes something tasty. The tapas were definitely a bit below par on this occasion, but I put that down to early teething problems, because when I decided to revisit Cafe Andaluz again recently to take advantage of a good lunch deal they had going, everything was so much better, and could definitely be described as tasty.

This is certainly a good option if you're looking to book somewhere for a group in the centre of town, and it's also great banter ordering lots of different dishes and trying out and sharing a variety of different tapas.
Had a really nice meal with huge selection. Food was top notch and price was very reasonable. Would recommend.
I went here for dinner on a Sunday and even though they were running a special, two of us split two tapas and paella.  The special runs every Sunday, apparently.  Three tapas and dessert for about 15 quid.  Looking back, I think I'd rather have chosen that option.  The patatas gratinadas and albondigas we ordered were very tasty but the paella was just a bit too oily for me.  

Other than that, it was a fairly standard dining experience.  Nothing amazing to report.  The lighting is dark and the music is soft, so feel free to take along a hot date.  Just don't count on them being wowed out of their knickers.
My Boyfriend and I came across this place by accident and loved it.

As we were visiting Edinburgh for just one night we weren't sure of where to go but came across this place as we wandered around. Its fantastic.

The place has an excellent vibe and atmosphere. I loved the decor. As always with tapas i struggled to decided what to have so decided to go with the set menu. The food was fantastic and there was plenty. 

The waiters were very friendly and helpful and all in all I give this place top marks. Defo worth a visit!
This was my first visit to a Spanish restaurant outside Spain so I was really looking forward to eating at Caf Andaluz. When I walked in I immediately liked the restaurant interior and the atmosphere. The waiter was attentive and all the dishes came out to our table quickly. The wine was good but my partner and I didn't really like most of the tapas we were sharing. There was nothing wrong with the food at all, it would be just down to our personal tastes (we're not big seafood fans). I'm glad I tried the dishes but all the portions were really really tiny and we both went home as hungry as when we went in. We felt it was too expensive for the amount of food we got.
Went here mostly against my will as office mates overpowered my suggestions for a night out in 4 or 5 Yelper star recommended restaurants. I was, however, immediately impressed with the decor and atmosphere as we were guided up the spiral staircase adorned with Spanish tiles, rod iron railing, and basked in light from copper lanterns. We were plied with olives and bread and dipping sauce while we mulled over the treats for the night. Being from America, my colleagues asked me if I had tried black pudding yet. A sudden and total recall of those nasty cakes sitting atop a ceramic heating dish on my daily breakfast buffet sprang to my mind as I replied, "not just yet". They pointed out the menu had chorizo and black pudding.I reluctantly agreed.  So delicious! I totally neglected all Other tapas until this was a delicious memory. I also enjoyed lamb chops, though a little bit fatty and gamey. Wine was superb--Siglo Rioja. Perfect compliment. Overall, I enjoyed the whole experience of cafe andaluz and would definitely return given the chance.
No...no....no!!!

The atmosphere is a very forced slightly more upmarket Spannish in a bottle you see in la Tasca and the food is much the same equation.

Looking at the service they are actually very good, prompt and non-intrusive they did a fine job all evening.

The food for me though was a real let down, I tried the following:

Classic Calamari: now I am a man that loves his squid but as soon as I saw the very pale looking batter you could see it was soggy and I was unhappy, the squid itsself was cooked fine but clearly their oil temperatures are too low creating the soggy mess I had on my plater. Judgement: 1 star

Chorizo & Black Pudding: cheap chorizo maketh the good meal not. An almost illumonous colour this stuff had no real defined flavours and was very chewy - the black pudding was of a decent quality but was over cooked and suffered from the over powering chorizo infused tomoato sauce. Judgement 1 star.

Paela Valenciana: 1 prawn - overcooked, 3 pieces of chiecken - overcooked, 2 pieces of pork - overcooked. Now the flavours of this were good but as they clearly microwave the portions for serving the meat goes as tough as old boots. Judgement 1 star.

Chicken gougons with honey and mustard: nice bit pieces of chicken ina   light crispy batter was very nice. Def the high point of the evening. Judgement: 4 stars.


Scallops with crispy serrono : lovely crispy serrono - but with scallops do them fresh or not at all. These were frozen efforts that had been undercooked to make then seem soft. Horrid!! Judgement 1 star!!

The other saving grace of the evening was the drinks, 1 pitcher of sangria helped to wash my mouth out and the braqndy coffee was as good as ive had.

All in all not a good experience, I have heard this is a poor recreation of their Glasgow restaurant. My tip to them would be either improve or LEAVE!!!

Jd = not happy man!
Only had a coffee and chunk of carrot cake but for the price and the surrounds I feel obliged to reward this place with a reasonable review. Carrot cake was moist, big enough for two and came with a small pot of cream.  It didn't need it but as it was there, on it went.  Coffee was decent and service came with a genuine smile. Perhaps this all sounds run of the mill stuff, but sitting beside the coffee was a melt in the mouth slab of 'fablet' a mixture of tablet and fudge. Little touch meant a lot. 

I'm not sure it would float my boat for an evening meal, maybe a bit manufactured, but for elevenses came up tops.
My second meal here (a work Christmas night out) was better than the first (a Hogmanay special  they threw us out at 10.30pm), but only just.
The food was variable; dreadful beef, ok duck, nasty salsa with the sea bream and some divine Spanish equivalent of a Gratin Dauphinoise. Puddings were equally up and down; up for the chocolate delice, very down, down, down for the butterscotch fat and sugarfest, sorry, cheesecake.
Two of the above three stars are for the staff: Rushed off their feet in a packed, noisy restaurant they kept their good humour and gave us good service.
If it weren't for the food this would have been a 5 star night out. Not what you really want from a restaurant.
I can't tell you if this place is remotely authentic - I've only been to Spain on a couple of business trips and I was vegan at the time ... didn't get to sample much of the tapas menu, as you can imagine. Nice olives? I think I just drank a lot of beer.
Anyway, I'm now making up for lost time, so when I got invited for lunch I jumped at the chance. And had a delicious feast - at three plates for a tenner it's a good deal. Chorizo, black pudding, mussels, prawns, potatoes in creamy garlicky sauce, and some sweet potato and tahini bake for 'vegetables'. Yeah, I know, I'll have salad later - it was all too good to resist.
The staff are lovely, the venue is gorgeous - lots of coloured tiles and twirly iron,  and it was just a really good meal.
I love tapas, i am terrible at making decisions so it helps being able to order a few different dishes instead of just one. I recently visited my sister in Seville, Spain, and enjoyed lots of authentic and delicious tapas. So Cafe Andaluz had a lot to live up to.

Kelly F and i visited last night and neither of us had been before. It is huge inside and not waht i expected, in a good way. The staff were nice, although we did struggle slightly when ordering drinks due to the language barrier, probably more to do with my funny accent.

We went for the set menu and of 3 tapas and a dessert for about 12, however, we were both starving and ordered four tapas each. The waiter asked if we wanted to substitute our desserts for the extra tapas which was great as neither of us were fussed about dessert.

We ordered patatas bavas, baby squid, meat balls, black tiger prawns, marinated chicken, black pudding with chutney, and pork cheek. The dish i as most excited about was the baby squid, but unfortunately i was very disappointed. The bits of squid were tiny, overcooked and covered in far too much batter. The pork cheek was tender and lovely, but the sauce it was in was awful, tasted really peculiar and burnt. However, those are my only 2 complaints. Everything else was delicious, the tiger prawns were really big and juicy and the black pudding was sooooo tasty!

I had a lovely time there and will definitely be back, i just won't order the pork cheek or baby squid. I will try the calamari next time and hopefully that will be better.
I love Tapas so when the suggestion of visiting Caf Andaluz was suggested last week I didn't need any convincing. Everyone I know has a good thing to say about the place not to mention their own favourite dishes they can't help but recommend so I was excited to go along and try some dishes for myself. 

My dining partner, Miss Jennie S, and I both had the pre theatre menu which includes 3 tapas dishes and a dessert for 12.95. As neither of us wanted dessert our waiter very kindly let us order an extra tapas dish instead...one more dish to try. 

I had the chorizo and red wine, patatas bravas, pork meatballs and the lemon and paprika chicken. Tapas being community food I also got to taste some of the food Jennie S ordered. (She had baby squid, battered king prawns, black pudding and chutney and pork cheeks.) 

The food was divine! It was genuinely the best tapas I've had, everything was full of flavour and tasted really fresh. The pre theatre menu is amazingly good value when you consider both the quality and the sheer amount of food you get to eat. By the end of the meal there was loads of food left and I was completely stuffed but I didn't want to leave any...it felt like such a crime to leave any of this yummy food. Eventually I had to admit defeat and stop before they had to roll me out of the joint (or worse offer me a wafer thin mint).

I would absolutely go back to Caf Andaluz any time. I need to plan another trip soon, I want to try the paella this time!
You may or may not have gathered that I love food, and ordering food is a massive ordeal to me. WHAT TO PICK? I am famous for the words "Can I try a wee bit?" when other people's food hits the table. I like to try loads of different things, and I always panic that I order something and then lust after someone else's food! If you suffer this dilemma, then tapas is for you!

Tapas is simply a small serving of a dish, which means you can order two or three dishes (each!) at a time NOT look like a fatty!

Caf Andaluz is one of my favourite tapas restaurants. After a few visits I realised that the owners of the restaurant are in fact the same as my good old friend Di Maggios! I have been in the Glasgow and Edinburgh restaurants, and both are lovely. I've taken the photos below from their website to show the traditional Spanish decor.

The restaurants are rustic mediterranean and packed with character! There are patterns, cushions, lanterns and artwork everywhere. The restaurants are dimly lit to give a cosy atmosphere. But as great as all that is, the food is why you're here. And the food doesn't disappoint!

There were two of us and we decided to get six tapas dishes between us, which was plenty. We were starving and cleared the lot in about 15 minutes - we felt that was worthy of an award!

Their menu has an amazing range - I try a couple of new dishes each time I go and I am yet to be disappointed! It can be as big or small a meal as you'd like, but regardless of the portion size I con confidently say you'll love it and continue to love it as you return! The food is scrumptious.

The staff were all really friendly and helpful. I really enjoyed my meal here! Please see my full review here: www.houseofherby.com
Spanish tapas, from a chain that doesn't feel too much like a chain. The restaurant is huge inside, the staff are friendly and (reassuringly?) Spanish, and the food menu is extensive.

It's nice that they label things that are GF, and they have extensive vegetarian options too. So not too much chorizo. Although there is chorizo, and black pudding. Mm.

I came by for lunch. I've previously eaten a lot in the Glasgow West End Caf Andaluz, set in a basement, it feels like a proper Spanish taverna. I also remember the food being quite nice particularly the honest and mustard battered chicken.

The food I had for lunch was fine, but very lacking in any real passion. It feels like production line food. The salad with goats cheese and beetroot was quite small with not much cheese; contrasted to the goats cheese and marmalade which is a whole piece of goats cheese. The mackerel was also tiny and just a bit, meh. Mackerel on top of some wiry lettuce. The mussells were reportedly good, the black pudding and chorizo was also ok, but the black pudding had disintegrated turning it into a black pudding stodgy soup with chunks of chorizo.

I think the food is nice in that the ingredients are good. Chorizo, good. Goats cheese, good. But the method of cooking and presenting the food is a bit lack lustre, both in passion and taste.

I would come back here for a friend's birthday dinner (I can imagine it'd be good for this) and wouldn't complain. I'd be satisfied and probably eating some tasty chorizo and goats cheese. But it's not that cheap (George Street location) and the food is rather forgettable. Fine, but just that.
Definitely a must have, great variety and good service even during the thick of the festival. Lovely chorizo dishes and the caramel cheesecake is Mindblowingly awesome !
Spent two weeks abroad in Scotland this summer and this place, as an American who loves Spanish tapas, a godsend. Authentic food and lovely atmosphere, great service to boot. One of the better restaurants I tried in Edinburgh and genuinely just a great stop!
We decided to eat here after reading good reviews of the place. Tapas is such a great option and always first choice wherever we go. This place didn't just meet expectations but surpassed on all levels! Mojito cocktails great, service was fantastic. A dropped spoon on the floor was replaced by the time I picked it up! 
Food came super fast and was very fresh, Prawns were so nice we got an extra portion! And I recommend the black pudding.
I really wanted to like this place but I was a bit underwhelmed which is a real shame as I love Spanish food. It does seem to be something that is surprisingly easy to not do very well. Our tapas selection was mainly meat, fish and cheese but didnt have as much flavour nor quality of ingredients as the price justified in my opinion. The Chipirones were very over cooked and cold when they arrived, the pork was really dry and the spicy bravas sauce was not spicy nor was the garlic mayo particularly garlicky. The jamon was also some cheap parma style stuff and the lomo disappointing but no flavour but the chorizo slice was nice. Good decor though and nice staff so on the whole not a repeat visit in the pipeline for this one.
I've been here a few times with friends and a family. What I like about this place is that you can order more food than you would eat at a normal restaurant and it be acceptable. Sure ... order 3-4 tapas ... they're small portions right? 

So, if your ever feeling like you deserve a good filling meal, then head here! You get the full sensation without the guilt trip! 

Aside from the ridiculously important points above. The food is pretty amazing, the service excellent and all for a good price. I will return!
Cafe Andaluz is a perfectly respectable place to stop for a bite when you're on George St and want to fill your belly and have a long chat over some sangria.

It's not exactly going to win any culinary awards, and the scale of the place can make you feel a bit like you're being churned through a system, but the food is perfectly acceptable and the staff don't seem to mind when you stretch a few tapas over a loooooooong lunch.
4 stars maybe a little bit too high but hey ho, I think they have the best tapas in town. Mariscos y Pescados is my favourite menu section. Great taste, very light flavour. Service is not bad and staff is friendly. The only thing is....I broke soap holder in the bathroom (yes, it was me) and when I came back to the restaurant 5 days later it was still broken and exactly as I left it. Maintenance team maybe need to check seoritas rest room more often ;-)
Have been several time with different types of people - business colleagues, friends, family etc - and every time have really enjoyed myself. 

It's a big restaurant, always seems busy but always able to cope with the hustle and bustle. 

Last night came with family. We had about two dishes per person which was just about right for a meal but we weren't stuffed (which is good!)

My particular favourites were pigs cheeks and gambas pil pil - highly recommend. 

Defo worth going to - would probably book to make sure you get a table and I think would work with a group as you can order lots and lots of dishes to share. :)
I love tapas. No, I love LOVE tapas, but I wasn't exactly swept off my feet by Caf Andaluz.

I had the goats cheese with marmalade (ok), the calamari (ok) and the spicy lamb meatballs (quite nice). I didn't feel like the food was really made with passion which is imperative for a good, authentic tapas experience. Possibly because it is a chain and it was rather busy. It was a fairly dear lunch deal at three tapas for 11.95 per person, but I suppose that's reasonable for a George Street location.

The interior is quite charming. I loved the Spanish fares and the round tiled tables (which are plentiful - it's quite large inside). The location is handy and because it is tapas, it might be alright to come back with a large group for a birthday or a farewell type do.
Up until a few months ago, my knowledge of tapas was all theoretical. As part of one of the classes I was supporting in this year we were learning all about Spanish culture and food, was a big part of the culture.

As a treat to the class, we went on a field trip to Cafe Andaluz and we all tried two dishes each from the tapas menu.

Upon walking in you enter into a little corridor, almost like walking into your parents house, and we were very quickly greeted by a member of star and shown to our reserved table, there were jugs of juices and water on the table within moments of us being seated and then we were given time to assess the menu. And what a menu, obviously it is all traditional Spanish cuisine, and most of the young people went for the safe options such as the albondigas and the tortilla, I was desperate to try good calamares and was not disappointed by them, but the star of the show was my plate of Scallops.

I've never eaten scallops before and so was not sure what was about to happen, but from the first bite, I knew I was on to a good thing, up until this point we had all shared a little of each thing, but the more expensive things were only eaten by the person who had put up the money for them, to keep it fair, and I have never been happier, because I couldn't have shared my scallops, even if I'd wanted to. Frankly three was not enough.

The only downside to the day was the fact that although we were in a Spanish restaurant, we could not order in Spanish, even though the young people tried really hard to do so. The waiter serving us was French, the other waiter was Italian I believe, and then another waitress was another nationality. It made for a fun conversation with each of them, when our young people tried there hardest to talk to them in Spanish, to be told I don't speak Spanish but I can speak English if that helps? 

Such a good day, and my only qualm is that I haven't been back yet, although this time, I might just have to have a glass of wine with my meal.
Ok, so after much anticipation after recently finding out about the new Firefly thanks to my good friend Blanche, we made the trip downtown last night to give it a shot. This locations opened up this past Friday so we went on the 5th night of business for them. My experience went as follows:
1. Had to park in self-parking at the plaza ($5) because I pulled up to the "Firefly" valet sign and sat there for a few minutes before giving up on anybody coming to get my car. The Plaza self-parking is scary and leaves the entranceway to the casino on the third floor leaves you in a deserted area that eerily quiet.
2. Upon arrival at Firefly I was impressed by the overall layout and atmosphere of the space.  Took some of the ambiance from the original Firefly on Paradise and added its own touch as well.
3. The staff was very friendly from the start!
4. Sat down in the "dome" area overlooking Freemont Street (very cool view). Not many people there.... maybe 2 or 3 other tables in the whole place were occupied.
5. Faryn was our server and she was awesome (and cute).
6. Blanche ordered the usual pitcher of red sangria while I ordered a Washington Apple (drink not shot) and we ordered some Firefly Fries to start us off. My drink came and was green (Washington Apple is usually a dark red) Faryns only mistake of the night was putting in an order for an Apple Martini instead of Washington Apple. She apologized but the drink tasted good so I kept it.
7. While waiting for Fries and looking at Menu we decided to order the Empanadas (Pork) and the Roasted eggplant cannelloni.
8. Fries took longer than they do at the original Firefly and seemed to be a smaller portion and not very hot. Somewhat disappointing.
9. The other dishes came out and were very good! Lots of flavor and nice presentation.
10. We then ordered the Firefly fish sticks and the Fried Shrimp. They didn't quite make the same impression. The fish sticks were a bit smaller than I remember and the shrimp left much to be desired for the price. Only 4 shrimp and some greens for $8.
11. We finished up there and settled our check. Faryn came over and talked to us for a bit. She was very friendly throughout the evening and made many suggestions on things to try on the menu.
12. We took off and made our way back through the eery hallways... where someone was sleeping on a chair... funny but creepy

Overall I gave it 4 stars. My reasoning is it was not bad enough to give 3 stars to but not good enough for 5. And unfortunately there are no half stars otherwise probably would have done 3 and a half. There is much room for improvement here and I will be going back in a month or so to see if they improve. It has only been open a few days so they have to work the kinks out. They received the nod up to four stars because of the overall experience and the friendliness of the staff as well as the fact that the original Firefly is one of my favorites and I strongly believe this one will get on the right track.

Oh and I will post pictures soon!
Its a 4 because we really needed a place like this on Freemont. Its in the Plaza hotel so just close your eyes and run through to the restaurant. 

If you like Firefly on Paradise you will love this new one in the Plaza. Same food plus an AMAZING view! The view makes Firefly on Paradise look like a hole in the wall. 

Wish Firefly could have had their own bathroom or at least remodeled the one near the restaurant to fit the firefly motif.
Firefly on Paradise has been on my to do list for awhile. Even many of my non-Yelper friends had heard of it. There's just so many places to eat in Las Vegas that we never got around to it. Well, this trip we found ourselves staying at the Golden Gate across the street from the Plaza. Our local friend wanted to take us to Firefly on Paradise, but we convinced her to come over and try the new location at the Plaza. A side note: the Plaza and Vegas Club have both recently been cleaned up a bit and are actually pretty neat places to play now. They have both opened party pits and gotten some newer games. Vegas Club has Atari themed slot machines!

Anyways, we show up and are quickly seated in the dome. There are a few other patrons, but it is far from busy. Most of the patrons looked like people who came specifically to eat at Firefly. The restaurant is on the second floor of the Plaza, so they probably don't get too many people who just stumble upon the place. 

We started with eight items to be shared between the four of us. Actually it was more like 5 items since we had 4 orders of the bacon wrapped dates because we each wanted an order to ourselves. They were pretty good, but sweeter than I was expecting. We also had a soup, baked cheese, spicy potatoes, and skewers, They were decent. I found the serving size at Firefly to be a little bigger than other tapas places I have been to. We ended up ordering sliders and clams as well. Overall, I have mixed feelings about the food. I think part of it was due to the hype. Nothing really blew me away. I was also hoping for more Spanish dishes on the menu instead of duck egg rolls, sliders, and mac and cheese.

On the other hand, the sangria was very good. I had the red and the sparkling. I liked the sparkling a little better, but both were great. You could tell that they had been marinating for awhile. Lots of places claim they marinate for days, but you can tell they probably did it that morning. They definitely marinate it for a proper amount of time at Firefly. Service was also very good. 

The Plaza and Vegas Club have been running great hotel promotions lately with rooms as cheap as $19 a night. The casino was busier than I have seen the past few years. Every time I walked by the buffet, it was packed. It is a shame that Firefly does not seem to benefit from the added business. They need to draw in more of the folks passing through the Plaza or staying at one of the other downtown hotels.

We ended up paying $35 each and being only kind of full. We like tapas and knew what we were getting ourselves into, but even then I still feel it is slightly overpriced for what you get which keeps me from giving them a better rating. If not for the sangria and awesome view I might have rated them 3 stars.
We were walking around Fremont Street for the first time and ran across this place. The food was amazing and the view of Fremont Street has to be the best there is. Our group of four ordered about 6 different tapas dishes and the sangria. Absolutely all of it was great. 

Fun atmosphere, amazing views, great food, helpful/friendly staff and good prices. What more could you want from a night out?
Yummy!
This is a place that serves "tapas" (read: mini appetizers) and they are tasty, nicely presented, and appropriately priced. They have some fancy flavored martinis and a few main-course dishes as well, all served to you overlooking the colorful lights and fat tourists of Fremont Street. I had a caramel apple martini which gave me a nice buzz and we had bacon-wrapped dates which were AWESOME, a small bowl of thick, creamy tomato-basil soup that is served with a mini grilled brie-cheese sandwich on a sweet-tasting bread, and a big bowl of paella complete with clams, mussels, and shrimp. The atmosphere is a cross between romantic and trendy and this place is definetly affordable.
I wanted to check this place out because of all the great reviews on Yelp.  I was not disappointed in the least!  

The hubby and I stopped in for a "snack" which ended up being more like dinner because we decided to order a 2nd round of tapas since we enjoyed what we got.  The only thing that wasn't great was the mushroom tart - I think it was too runny and made the pastry soggy.  

We had the red sangria and it was very tasty.

The service was ok.  Our server disappeared for long intervals for some reason but managed to come back just as we would start to become restless and annoyed.  

Overall, I give it a thumbs-up!  I look forward to visiting again next time I'm in Vegas.
I went to this Firefly while staying in downtown Vegas and I didn't like it as much as the other Firefly but I don't know why.  The decor was different but nice and the food was just as good, maybe it was just in an odd spot.  The service was ok and Sangria was YUMMY but took forever to come.  The white Sangria wasn't that good.  You won't be disappointed that is for sure! Just make sure you try the meat empanadas and red sangria.... mmmmm
If you are a fan of Tapas and are looking in Vegas, Firefly is the place to be. Yummy Yummy Yummy. With the all window atmosphere, our evening meal was super cool due to the Fremont Experience (like in the picture). The service was fast and our waitress super nice. We left after feasting! We all picked 3 tapas while in retrospect we had wished we only picked 2... there was A LOT of food.
Love the atmosphere, love the food. The restaurant is dark and uses dim lights and candlelight to give the perfect setting for a great evening. Rich red colors are used throughout the restaurant reminds me a little of DCR. I went with a friend and we started off with the Firefly fries which are really good. We also ordered lamb chops, ahi tuna skewers, filet minon sliders, garlic shrimp, and several others that slip my mind right now. I also had two of their Mojitos which are awesome. I love mojitos and I would say I have found two places in town which make them very well. My favorit still are the mojitos at The Abbey in West Hollywood, but when I am here I will stick to Firefly. Although I did not pay the bill I estimate our total to be between 50 and 75 dollars. A little pricey, but split between 2 or more people it isn't that bad. I love that the restaurant is enclosed in the glass dome of the Plaza hotel, very unique. I recommend all who have been to the location on paradise, or have never been, visit the new downtown locations.
great addition to Downtown ! 

I am a firefly on Paradise fan , to expand the ops to Downtown where i prefer to get my gamble on - this is great !! 

can't vouch for the menu being exactly the same as the mothership but it looks about right . 

1/2 price sangria and other libations - all good too ( even though the gf doesn't drink - i went with the pitcher of sangria for $12 - the bartender said it was equal to 4 drinks - i call bullshit on that one - it was more like 8 glasses - great deal !! ) 

we had some of the usual items - dates, meatballs, shrimp, sausage platter, etc etc ( pics attached ) 

besides my monthly trek to the Flame at el C ( don't knock it - i still think it's the best value in downtown - try the stone crabs - or for the meat eaters - the prime rib ) i plan to hit firefly, at least 1/ month. 

hit it a 2nd time on friday with my sis - the place was hoppin' ! just missed the happy hour - it's ok - tried the sparkling sangria this time - nice starter drink - my sis had an infused vodka drink and later the raspberry mojito - she liked it ! 

for this visit - tried the sliders - the meat tasted great - bun a little too big, loved the mushroom stuffed with chorizo; calamari - ok. loved the shrimp/filet/sausage skewer. 

Downtown is gettin better !
After going to the other Firefly a couple of years ago (the one on Paradise), we decided to try the one in Downtown this time.   We found this new location to be fantastic. The bar area is a great spot to quaff some Sangria before being seated for dinner.  From our dinner table we enjoyed the view of downtown.   We enjoyed the ambiance of this location very much.

Our favorite food and drink items there:  red sangria (three pitchers for 4 people; I think we liked it),  the ahi tuna skewers (yum!), the camarones diabla (great flavor, but would have liked some more shrimp for the price), and the ham and cheese croquetas (these were *amazing* albeit pricey for what ya get).  

The ceviche was good, but they need to serve good quality tortilla chips with it rather than their very blah large round tortilla...Tostitos would have tasted better than the tortilla they served with it.

Empanadas were enjoyed by half of us.  

The Filet Sliders and the Albondigas were fine, as was the Mac N Cheese.

The Thai Beef Salad needs more spicy marinade to be really good....it should be doused in spicy sauce (I hope the chef/manager is reading this :) ). 

And they threw in a birthday flan for the birthday girl.

$150  for four people including alcohol (excl. tax & tip); we had a great time, loved the atmosphere, and enjoyed most of the food.   We'll definitely be back.
On entering the restaurant we noticed several towels scattered on the floor where water had dripped from the dome reminding me to complain once more to the front desk about our continuing shower head problem.  The restaurant's booths and dcor have been upgraded since its days as Center Stage, but the room itself was uncomfortably cold causing at least two tables of diners to depart before ordering.  We ordered the following:  bacon wrapped stuffed dates with blue cheese in a red wine reduction (4.5 out of a possible), Thai beef salad (2), fried calamari served with an interesting gribiche sauce (3), paella (3.5), a trio of Mojitos (4.5) and a complimentary flan (3) in recognition of wife's birthday.
Had great sangria and tapas here in November!  I made a reservation but there were some big parties so we didn't get to sit in the overlook section.  That was perfectly okay with us as we had been tourists all day and could use some down time.  We still got a view of Fremont and had about 5 tapas and a pitcher of sangria over 2 hours.  The waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  I'd definitely recommend it to anyone going downtown!
Budget conscious tapas 
As per Many other peoples' suggestion 

My brother and his friends wanted something lite, tasty, and relatively inexpensive; Firefly fit the bill.  Though we intended on going to the smaller late night location, somehow the wrong Yelp click, give me directions led us here.  

I have to say I was thrilled with my misclick; the view was spectacular. I haven't had the opportunity to see Downtown with the covered lights and people bustling about; this was definitely the way to do it.

Great french fries, my salad was okay, beers were inexpensive, the meatballs looked good, nice empanadas, and a happy full set of tummies for all.

Friendly staff, beautiful lofted glass ceiling, separate dimly lit bar, full drink menu, plenty of cozy booths with views, what more could a girl ask for?

Date Rating: 4
Pick up Scale: N/A (almost empty when we came, it was closing time, great space though has potential).

Strong Suggestion: Don't confuse this location with the nearby smaller cozy one; but if it's early and you don't want to wait it's pretty much the same menu.
Hey, don't tell anyone but this is one of the best spots to visit in Las Vegas, The food is excellent and price to fit your wallet. Good service and good food. Try everything. There is no miss. With a group, make a party of it. You and a friend. Share. To make your stay even better. Get a waiter like Gabriel. He's the best!
Happy Hour 1/27/10  Firefly at the Plaza
5 stars +++
This was our first experience with a Tapas Bar, but it won't be the last!!  Any tapas bar half as good as Firefly would be GREAT.  We met friends at the bar.  Try the sweet sangria - it's red & white sangria (marinated for 3 days) with champagne.  So good.  Friends said Mojitos we excellent.  Happy Hour is 5-7pm ONLY in the bar.  But any food on the menu is available.  They bring you (each person) a sampler plate with a bleu cheese stuffed bacon wrapped date, meatball and layered pototo somethinganother. All three were wonderful.  We ordered more stuffed dates, pork empanadas, chicken salad, a cheese spread, sirloin & mushroom skewers and I've forgotten what else - but it was all terrific!  Our bartender was so friendy and the evening view of Fremont Street Experience made this a memorable evening! I want to try everything on thier menu.  $38.00 exluding tip
This all started with a mere whim of curiosity, a year or so ago in Reno at Silver Peak my cousin ordered a Sangria, which looked amazing. I always told myself that i would find a great place to enjoy the fruity refreshment .

So last week I reached out to my fellow Yelpers here in Vegas and the response was Awesome. After reading over all of the reviews Firefly had an overwhelming lead when it came to the Positive feedback. 
So Friday night we find ourselves heading downtown to check it out. 
Now i am not going to sugar coat it and say that this place was coated in gold dust and was crazy appealing from the outside, because that is not the case. We pulled into the Plaza hotels Parking garage and headed in. 

Once in the hotel I was a little unsure if my fellow Yelpers pointed me in the right direction. Once we made the walk to the Firefly escalator and got upstairs it was an entirely different vibe. I felt like I could mellow out and have a good time. We asked to be seated in the bar for the happy hour which i was not sure we would receive since it was a matter of minutes until it over. The very approachable young lady at the desk sat us and it was a few minutes before we received any service; This is when it got good.. Our table wobbled quite a bit and i am not the type to complain so I was just going to deal with it, before my mind could even process that i was going to just make it work, a guy came out of nowhere and said excuse me while i fix your wobbly table. "1 point Firefly". Then our Waiter comes to the table and apologizes for the wait and explains that it was due to him talking to the manager to get us happy hour pricing since we just missed it. BINGO.."2 more points firefly." We ordered a pitcher of the red Sangria and a pitcher of the blood orange mojito... and well.......2 more points to Firefly.. We then began the feast of Tapas... the calamari was awesome, the fillet Mignon sliders "WOW". we tried as much as we could get down, and last but definitely not least we tried the Bacon Wrapped Dates.. Everyone was spot on, these were one of the best things ordered for the night.

So to finish this up. The service was excellent and friendly, the view down Fremont street was awesome, the atmosphere is hip and nostalgic at the same time and the food and drink is not lacking. I will be back here for sure. And I recommend it to everyone!
My go to spot with my girls on a chill night out or before partying.  Their sangria and paradise mojitos are good (get the pitchers so you all can share).  I would recommend: the firefly fries, camarones a la diabla, terra de mar.
A perfect night.

I had a very large party to celebrate my birthday, and even though our reservations were last minute on a Saturday night of a three day weekend, they gave us the best table in the place.  Prime view of the Fremont Street experience.

They also did not insist on our entire party being present before seating us, which is super cool.  

The food was AMAZING, the service was efficient and best of all, they put up with me and all of my drunk ass friend attempting to reenact Caligula's Greatest Hits.

so yeah, don't ask me what we ordered, because I really can't recall anything except the Mojitos  (which were pretty great.).  But hey, it's tapas so I'm pretty sure there were fried potatoes, mussels, olives and manchengo cheese, shrimp ceviche, and empanadas.  And given the fact that I'm a pretty finicky bitch, the fact that I don't recollect complaining about anything bodes well for the food quality. 

I didn't see the bill, but judging from the prices on the menu it was REALLY inexpensive for what you get.  Definitely the best bang for my buck in Vegas, and I've had a lot of bangs.
If you want to experience old Vegas and the grit of downtown, but from a safe distance... come to Firefly!  This restaurant floats in a secure glass bubble, overlooking the Fremont Street shenanigans. It's almost like being at the zoo, with a comforting wall of glass between you and all the strippers, hookers and downscale hoi polloi with their plastic footballs full of frozen daiquiri.  If that's your bag, then you're a pussy -- but you will like this restaurant.

I was prepared to dislike the place because I was such a HUGE fan of the swanky old-time steakhouse that used to occupy the space.  As always, they had to rip out something cool to make way for something trendy and overpriced.  But it actually turned out to be really cool!  As mentioned it's a great view, good food at reasonable prices, and a MUCH better atmo than the other Firefly (on Paradise), which is loud and thick with poseurs. The atmo here is more laid back -- dim lighting and stylish comfy furniture, with lots of windows looking down at the circus maximus.  Bonus tip: if they don't have any tables looking out toward Fremont (as they claimed when I went there, and tried to seat me at a table looking at a wall), just go sit in the lounge area.  Great view and less hassle, with all the same service!

Food-wise it is fancy schmancy tapas.  Everything I ordered was rich and full interesting flavors and ingredients, and the prices were good, so no complaints on that front.  The French bread they serve was greasy, though, like it had been basted or even soaked in Canola oil before being toasted.

All in all, this is a fantastic place for you suburban walled-fortress-dwellers to experience downtown without WALLOWING in downtown.   Only caveat: the valet parking is located right next to the downtown Greyhound Bus station.  So you're gonna see some real grit and grime anyway, puss!
For my 50th birthday, I wanted something my large group would remember (besides me being a tipsy goofball). We got it.
I went to Firefly on Paradise for my 25th wedding anniversary three years ago, and my friends have talked about how great it was. So could Firefly in the Plaza be as good, especially with the menu omissions (there are a few dishes you can only get at the Paradise location)? Yes, yes, yes.
We started out with pitchers upon pitchers of the best Sangria outside of Spain....at Happy Hour they were around 13$ each! 
Our group were allowed to relax and unwind before being seated in the most central tables to observe the Freemont Street Hoopla. Our waitress and waiter combo brought a bottle that absent friends sent which started me crying, that started the waitress crying, and well, the whole table got misty....but then there was food!
The table trusted me to order for us all...and it was a feast that Babette would have given her approval to....The empanadas, the almond-stuffed bacon wrapped dates, the artichoke and pepper crustini, the serrano ham with manchego cheese, the coquettas, the chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, it just went on and on...
and the wine flowed....
The evening was everything a birthday dinner should be....
My only wish is that I could go to Las Vegas for every special occasion and have at least one dinner at Firefly.....I wonder what I am doing for my cat's birthday next month?.......
==Vegas Birthday weekend continued==
Feb 18th-Feb 21st

The first to arrive in Vegas were the three Chris'. Christian (christiang.yelp.com) Cebo (cbooz.yelp.com) and myself. After getting settled in our room and having a few drinks to start off the trip, we decided to grab a bite to eat here at Firefly. Christian has been here before so he suggested it. Great pick my friend!

GOOD:
- Various items to choose from. Great menu.
- Bar. While waiting for a table, decided to grab a few jack and cokes.
-Firefly fries (parmesan, herbs, aioli) Who doesn't love fries!? 
- Terra y Mare skewers (grilled shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage, salsa verde) Came with 3 skewers. Another good choice.
- Fried calamari (spicy gribiche dipping sauce) One of my faves. I mean who can resist deep fried rings that resemble foreskin!? Squeeze some lemon all over and you're set.

BAD:
- Right when the waiter comes up and asks what we want to drink, this is how the conversation starts:
Waiter: "what can I get you fellas to drink?"
Dude: "Oh, I like your hair!" (he had an awesome mohawk with designs shaved on the side)
Waiter: "oh thank you, I like yours too!"
Dude: *looks at his friends* (they are already clowning) "what!? it was the first thing i noticed!"

What an awkward way to start the dinner. Nothing wrong with complimenting a guy on his hair. The compliment from the waiter talking about how he likes my hair set up a whole night of ridicule. 
Yes the "dude" was me and yes the waiter liked my bald head, big deal. 

UGLY:
- Firefly. The name of the place. Had us singing this song all night. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psuRGfAaju4
But instead our version sounded like this.

You would not believe your eyes
If 100 real buff guys
was the last thing you saw as you fell asleep

Why did we stop and stare? 
These buff guys are everywhere
Are we at excalibur?
Oh wells, We don't really care

I'd like to make myself believe
That one guy danced slowly
It's hard to say that I'd rather stay
Awake when I'm asleep
Cause everytime he dances you get weak!

'Cause we'd give a thousand hugs
Hugs from these SD thugs
Our hugs are equivalent to turbuLANCE

Why is this in our heads?
Maybe we should go to bed
Please don't jump on yelp and start a thread

I'd like to make myself believe
That this room is turning slowly
It's hard to say that I'd rather stay
Awake when I'm asleep
'Cause everything is never as it seems
We should go to sleep!!


Why did that song come out that way?? After a few drinks, ok maybe after A LOT of drinks and always seeing THUNDER FROM DOWN UNDER ads you know why that came out that way!

When you do Vegas with us, be prepared for some great laughs. That's how we do!!
it's fun to sit here and chill with the homies.. 
the white wine sangria...  primo!
it's dark... casual.. 

the wait staff is super friendly and the food...

yum.  we had just about EVERYTHING.
share!!!  try a little of everything! 

did i mention the primo white wine sangria.. 
dope.
What can I say this place is absolutely AMAZING!  I've always loved tapas and this place does not disappoint and the paella here is to die for.  Generally me and my girlfriend get a order of paella and 3 apetizers and leave pretty happy.
  I also recommend the Sangria.  Buy the pitcher....it is worth the $25.  If you like fruiter drinks get the white sangria but if you like dryer wine the I suggest getting the red.
  By far however the best part of this restaraunt is the view...which is stunning.  Most of the restaraunt is in a glass dome which overlooks all of fremont.  It is one of the better views in Las Vegas and definitely the best view of Fremont street.
  Finally I suggest ussing www.opentable.com to make you reservations.  You can make reservations online and definitely make sure you request a window view, which is by far the best view in the house.
This was my first visit to the Plaza location, I've been to the Paradise location and rate that place higher just because of the ambiance.

First off anything in the Plaza can't be good...walk through smoky casino floor, up shaky escalator, take a left, no a right oh wait straight through those doors up ahead.

They tried to go sheik and sexy with an amazing view, but I think all they accomplished was a second story food court with fancy tables and windows to peer down on the destitute and desperate of downtown.  That might be a little harsh but what I am getting at is the view ain't worth a star.

The food is ok but probably to pricey for what you get, $4 for 4 dates and a piece of bacon?  $7 for some shoestring fries?  Surf and Turf Skewers and Calamari are probably the best items on the menu and the Mojitos and Sangria are solid!

If you just want to get hammered on some wine and fruit in a pitcher and watch the crazy's peeps getting of the grey hound, this is the place.  But for a better time I would hit up the Paradise locale.  You're gonna spend the same amount of cash but at least there you will feel less like you paid for a bad vegas show.
came into town one day after one of those "lets go to vegas tomorrow!!!" nights...

luckily we had some friends that were locals, and they brought us to this quaint, yet sexy lil tapas spot right off the strip.

FIREFLY.

it was a saturday night, and it was busy.  we kicked it at the bar while waiting for a table.  finally got seated and was treated to a wide selection of tapas.  came here with a pretty good sized group so i got to sample a little bit of everything.  lets just say... lets just SAY... LETS JUST SAY EVERYTHING WAS DELISH!!!

a month later i was back in vegas, and guess where i took my friends...YOU GUESSED IT!

to the massage parlor!!! jk... (ok half serious)

but before that we went to FIREFLY!!

pretty much just what i expected, excellent.
I come here often because the Margaritas and drinks are amazing.  A great atmosphere and relaxing place for a hangout with friends after work.  I don't like the menu too much because they don't have alot of healthy choices.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who doesn't know about it.
I still don't understand why Cafe Ba Ba Reeba is out of business, makes me sad, so I had to feel a hole in my soul... thank you Firefly for covering my hole... wait, what? 

OK let me start again, I loved Firefly.

The food is really good and also the Sangria.Skip the Salmon and go with the dates, skewers and mushrooms.
The view is obvuioulsy amazing but I kinda miss the TV Screens and Sportcenter, lol.
My girlfriend and I stopped by here, due to such high praise from everyone else out there, and to our liking it truly was a great place!  The view is great overlooking fremont st at night and the ambience of the place is very chill.  Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable. The food was sensational!  My girl got the cosmo martini and I got the mojito both good.  The food was great, i luv eating tapas, not to much but not to little.  We ordered the surf and turf kabob which had shrimp, sausage, and fliet mignon on a kabob stick, that was very yummy.  But the best was the camarones diabla and the mac and cheese!  Seriously maybe the best mac and cheese i've ever had.  The camarones diabla was amazing to, the shrimp and the sauce they use is so tasty!  I definitely need to come back!
Truly, I'm a fan of Firefly on Paradise but, the Main Street location is just ok...for the comparison to be explained below...

AMBIANCE
Dark reds, contemporary, loungey.  Unlike it's sister restaurant, this establishment isn't "stuffy" because it boasts tall ceilings and a lot space between tables; therefore, no bumping into the tables next to yours!  Cleanliness-wise, this restaurant looked so clean, I might've demonstrated the "5 second rule", though luckily my eating skills were top-notch last night.  This location is located in The Plaza Casino on the second floor.  It has a wonderful view of the Fremont Experience.

MENU
I think it was exactly the same, including the reasonable prices!  For the non-Firefly frequenter...  The menu is made up of mostly all tapas (small plates/portions) which include hot, cold, meat/poultry, and seafood tapas.  Some of my absolute fav's are the:
Bacon wrapped stuffed dates
Manchego mac & cheese
Stuffed mushroom caps (ground chicken and chorizo stuffed)
Baked tetilla (similar to queso fundido)
Tres leches (dessert--three milk cake)
For the traditional folks out there, there are a few large plates, though I cannot remark on them since I've never tried them.

FOOD
Presentation of food was nice--just like Paradise.  One really nice thing I noticed was our order of stuffed dates had 5 dates instead of 4!  Our food was cooked remarkably the same as the Paradise location--good!  Except, there was an order pulpo asado that was way over cooked; some pieces seemed tender to chewy, while some where just too charred and had the texture/density of a brick.  However, overall, the food was good and pleasing, just like the Paradise locale.

SERVICE
Quite surprisingly, it was pretty dead last night (Monday around 8pm) with about 25% occupancy--unike its sister locale who's always bumping 7 days a week.  Our server and food runners were friendly but seemed a bit unorganized and astray.  This is where the star rating dropped.  Our water was brought immediately but, this is a protocol service Firefly does with all tables (just like the bread and olives).  Our party of four (4) orders a Coke, riesling, and cabernet, it took awhile to get them, almost long enough for me to ask where they were.  No biggie.  Our food order was taken promptly after our drinks were served.  We clearly ordered two (2) bacon wrapped stuffed dates but were only served one :-(.  Luckily, our bellies were too full for us to ask where the second order was.  Also, we order pulpo asado but were brought the Big Bowl salad.  Miscommunication but, still no biggie.  In the middle of our dinner, we were almost served another order of stuffed mushroom caps, though we declined them because we were already served our one order.  About two minutes later, I saw they were served to the next table who were eagerly awaiting them.    Disorganization from their staff, still no biggie, to be human is to err.  Though, here's my two big bangs that made my Asian eyes squint.  I was drinking a Coke, and my glass remained empty for probably 10 minutes or so...okay, okay...but I HAD to ask for a refill, argh, duh, if it's empty just bring another or ask me if I'd like another.  The second big bang was, the dirty dishes piled up!  I don't mind stacking my dirties to help the server out, I don't mind them being left there because the server is getting slammed, but I do mind it when the restaurant is at only 25% occupancy, the dirties are piled up, and there was NO attempt at taking dirties away.  On our servers behalf, I can definitely understand when plates aren't taken because there's a few morsels of yummy goodness left but, these were bare to the bone and like I mentioned, stacked.  We weren't even being piglets, only 11 tapas plates were ordered.  I guess I had the expectation of the Paradise location who are awesome about turning over new/dirty plates and keeping extremely organized!  The Main Street locale needs some help, SOS!

BILL
It was correct, even with the one miscommunication and one stuffed dates plate being omitted!

OVERALL
Nice place to dine and be a tourist again.  Firefly on Main Street can easily gain 5 stars in my book with a little elbow grease, attentiveness, communication, and organization.  Like I mentioned the food was wonderful, just like its older sister, but lacks the fluidness and wisdom of the elder sister.
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
What a dive. Just like the whole of downtown. We were seated in this seedyish bar in a seedy hotel in a seedy downtown. Ordered a drink and asked some questions after getting a server to come over. 15 minutes later asked where the drinks were; 15 minutes after that we left. Ran back to the strio where we felt both cleaner and safer. Downtown is an adventure; bring your machete with you.
Firefly is a Spanish tapas restaurant that recently opened a second location in the Plaza Hotel at the West end of Fremont Street. The food here is reasonably priced, fairly consistent, always tasty, and it is the perfect spot for a light bite with a neon view. I wish there were more tapas restaurants in town, as I believe they are the wave of the future in American dining. In this respect, Firefly is on the right track.

Where they are on the wrong track is with the service. I have never had a good experience with servers here as it always takes forever to place an order, or to grab your waiter anytime thereafter. It is just poorly managed. On this particular night my brother and I sat at the bar and it took us a good ten minutes to order a drink, even though the bartender was right there. He decided it would be best to finish up the drink order for a party of ten before making our two little drinks, one of which was a bottle of beer. Isn't that the first rule of any service industry? Prioritize the people in front of you before those out of sight, especially when their requests are quick. After he was done chitchatting with the servers standing around waiting for him to finish drinks rather than tending to their tables, he eventually got around to us. He didn't even look at us while taking our food order but just stood in front of the computer as we shouted it to him and he entered it in. I wish this weren't indicative of the regular service at Firefly but that's pretty much how it's been for me every time.

Once you do grab your waiter's attention, the food generally comes out quickly and you generally get what you ordered. Plus, it's really tasty so you begin to forget about the people who brought it to you. The first thing we had were the bacon-wrapped, almond stuffed dates ($4) in red wine reduction with bleu cheese crumbles, which I have to get every time I come. They are sweet, savory, crunchy, and squishy, which makes for a happy mouth (even my brother who is allergic to nuts orders them and simply removes the almond). I especially like that they are not too large to consume in a single bite. The dates were followed by the stuffed peppers, mac n' cheese, steak skewers, and roasted eggplant cannoli. The peppers ($7.50) were OK, but the more satisfying vegetarian option was the eggplant ($5), not only because of price but because the cheese inside was creamy and herbaceous rather than somewhat tough and bland. They come with the same yummy tomato sauce so you won't miss anything with the eggplant. The steak skewers ($7.50) are a good deal, and the accompanying sauces are good, but the presentation needs some work. Finally, you can't go wrong with the mac n' cheese ($8). It's one of the more expensive tapas options but the portion is fairly large and it's baked to an appetizing golden brown. The cheese can be a little gritty on occasion but it's still hard to go wrong with cheese and pasta. Another favorite we didn't order tonight are the sliders with fried onions and spicy aoli. They are filling but delicious!

All in all, Firefly is a perfectly frugal place to get good versions of your favorite foods. Nothing will blow your mind but you will leave content in the fact that you haven't spent a fortune and your belly doesn't feel as stuffed as the dates. Oh, and well drinks are only $5, which actually is pretty mind blowing come to think of it.
If you don't have to be downtown skip this location and head to the original on Paradise & Flamingo. The menu is exactly the same but the food just doesn't taste as good downtown. I had the feeling it was just pre-made & microwaved since they managed to get our 6 dishes out in less than 5 minutes after ordering on a busy Saturday night.
If you have to be downtown, you'll survive eating here. But this is not the amazing food Vegas is known for. It is, however, an interesting place to look out over Fremont St.

When we travel, we usually throw the Vegan thing out the window and go straight Vegetarian because we are lazy. Thank goodness we did that night because I understand their chef employs a strict "if there ain't no meat, bring in the cheese!" policy. So, while the menu does have vegetarian options, they're rather lacto-extremo. Generally, the dishes were bland to boot. 

One thing they know how to do there is mix a mojito that delights the senses. Very well-balanced. 

Looking around the restaurant we did have get a good chuckle seeing  a concentrated group of late 20's/early 30's couples like us for the first time since we'd been on Fremont - The Yelpitarians were out in force. I think it's the only well-reviewed joint within walking distance of Fremont, and that's probably fair, but still not a good reason to skip the cab ride to the finer food.
Oh, when I go to Vegas, I try to make a trip out to Firefly. I love the cool laid back ambiance. After spending a night or two on the strip, it's refreshing to go to a restaurant without having to groan awkwardly from seeing girls wearing t-shirts as dresses, caked on makeup, or tops so low you wonder why they bothered to wear one after all. 

The food is delicious! I cannot remember all the names but I just remember that whatever dish they brought out, we savored every single bite (and drop) of it. The best dish? Their paella.....sigh.....makes my heart flutter just thinking about it! =)
I cannot thank them enough for the wonderful food and service!  I came here for the first time for my boyfriend's birthday and we both enjoyed the scene and the food.  I would say it was definitely worth the trip from L.A. to Vegas just to experience this.  The staff was very accommodating and focused even down to the parking lot attendant for the parking structure.  In case you don't know, when you park in the plaza there is a charge, but you can take the parking stub and validate them at the cashier.  

They even included a complimentary flan dessert just for my boyfriend's birthday which was a nice surprise.  

I would highly recommend this to anyone visiting Vegas!
Came here for dinner very recently, and really enjoyed it.  Made sure to come on a weekday night, with a reservation, so it wouldn't be too busy and my chances would be better of getting a good table in the dome overlooking the Fremont Street Experience (and we did get a great table with a view - a great part of the dining experience).  One past effort to come without a reservation on a Saturday night led to a 1 hour wait, which was too long for us (we went to Tinoco's), so reservations are a good idea.

In general, service was friendly and very reasonable based on how budy they were, and the food was quite good and varied.  I was introduced to tapas style dining in Washington DC at Jaleo, and Firefly follows the model very well - many small plates of different ingredients and preparation, reasonably priced to encouraged variety and sharing.  Red Sangria was very good if a bit on the sweet side.  We ordered the spinach salad, merquez, firefly fries, albondigas, tetilla, clams with chorizo and banana nutella sandwichs.  All were good, the clams were probably the standout in my mind.  I thought the tapas at Cafe Ba Ba Reeba were the best in Vegas (and atmosphere was great there two, although I think Firefly Downtown is superior over all for atmosphere, but alas, Ba Ba Reeba is gone, and Firefly Downtown is among the best if not the best option here as of the writing of this review.

A very good option downtown, and the type of dining is very well suited to the glass dome space - lots of drinking, nibbling of different things, robust conversation, etc.... suit the environment well.
I love Firefly, don't get me wrong, but this visit was a disaster. This was my second visit to this location and as much as I enjoy the food, the service was horrendous. I went with my boyfriend to celebrate his friend's birthday, and apparently Firefly only lets you reserve a table for 15 people. This became a problem quickly when there were around 20 guests for this event, and the hostess had to scurry around like a chicken with its head cut off to get us situated. She also seemed to get a stern talking-to by her boss which was not pleasant to watch. This hostess also seemed to be the only one who realized that the restaurant was busy as everyone else went at a much slower pace. I am all for ambiance, but I also want my food.

After telling our waiter that we wanted to order around 8:30, we actually got to after 9 PM. Starving, I ordered my usual delights to share with my boy: veggies & lentils, mac & cheese, tortilla a la espanola, and stuffed peppers. The food was wonderful but as I mentioned, the service was not. Water refills only came around once, and when the food did come out the waiter had no idea who ordered what, so the servers just kept going around the table yelling out what they had in their hands and we all had to fight for our food, especially with duplicate orders. I myself had to practically stab a party guest with my fork who took my veggies & lentils, poking at it saying, "I don't think this is what I ordered..." while I was on the other side of the table glaring at her for stealing my food. Not the most organized bunch, those Firefly servers. 

Overall this location is wonderful, but try and go with 8 people or less so you can actually enjoy the atmosphere looking out onto the Fremont Street Experience and get service in a timely and efficient manner.
Finally made it to the downtown Firefly location. Friday night reservations at 6:30 for a party of 4.

HITS
- gazpacho: delicious
- stuffed dates: the dates might be a little small but they're amazing. Love the blue cheese and red wine reduction
- veggie empanada: 2 empanadas filled w/ a gooey and tasty mix of spinach, mushrooms, artichokes and cheese
- ham and cheese croquetas: 3 of them fried perfectly with a delicious ham and cheese mixture inside
- chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms: one of the best dishes of the night
- crispy duck rolls: 1 large roll over stuffed with duck and cut diagonally lengthwise. Wonderful flavor.
- fried calamari: good, but nothing special
- chocolate cherry bread pudding: the bread pudding was delicious, but I wasn't crazy about the cherry sauce and port reduction. Tasted a little too tart.
- passion fruit mini chesecakes: 3 small cheesecakes. I couldn't really detect the passion fruit flavor. Tasted like plain cheesecake to me.
- white sangria: 2 people can easily finish off one pitcher -- it comes out to about 4 glasses per person.

MISSES
- steamed mussels: beautiful presentation, awful 'rancid-fish' taste
- ahi tuna skewers: decent flavors, but there was too much going on. Too many ingredients. It looked like a big mess

The service was great. We had a cute blonde waitress named Ferrin (no idea how to spell that) who was quick to greet us and take our orders. Food came out really quickly. It actually would have been better if they spaced out the dishes a little more so we could enjoy two or three dishes at a time and hang out longer. I think we had all of our dishes (except for the desserts) within 30 minutes, which made for a quick dinner. Our waitress was always around, asking how our food was and refilling our glasses. I never had to refill my sangria all night. That's good service.

The mussels were so bad that we only ate one and had to send it back. Ferrin was cool about it, apologizing for the taste, taking it off the table, and more importantly taking it off of our check. She made a few good suggestions for alternate dishes and quickly brought out a new dish after we ordered it.

As other reviews have mentioned, the atmosphere is cool -- a glass dome overlooking Fremont Street. We were seated in a booth which gave us a great view. There was some country music award show in town and a country band playing on Fremont Street so there were stetsons-aplenty down there.

I really wanted to give this place five stars because some of the dishes were great and the service was wonderful. But because a couple of the dishes weren't good they'll have to settle for 4.
An outstanding view overlooking the Fremont Street Experience.  I never would have expected the Chicken Salad Tapas to be the very best Chicken Salad I've ever had. For Dessert the Banana-Nutella sandwiches.  

Highly recommended. 

But be warned, the "Keep ordering" nature of Tapas will drain your wallet dry and fast.
Oh my hell. Tried the Sangria, then tried it again, and again, then tried the blood Orange Mojito in pitcher form. I wish I could form complete sentences about the food, which was all outstanding. The only drawback, cold as well you get the picture. Wear a jacket, enjoy the view, the pole dancers across the street were epic.
I had a great meal here tonight.  My rating would have been 5 stars if the dishes had not come out almost concurrently.  Next time, I'll order one tapas at a time and have more time to enjoy the experience.

I had the bacon wrapped dates, the veggie empanadas, and the chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms.  For dessert, I splurged ands went with the dessert platter.  Wow.  Great!

I'll be back.
Firefly has the coolest dome in part of the restaurant that looks out onto Freemont Street. You can see pretty much the whole thing, and while inside you can also watch the giant TV canopy thing if it's time for the show.

Misti Y took me here for dinner on my last night in town and I really enjoyed it. They serve up tapas style foods so we got a ton of small plates to share including the manchego mac and cheese, artichokes hearts on little toasts, lentils and veggies, bacon wrapped dates, and spicy shrimp. All of it was pretty good, but my favorite actually turned out to be the artichoke hearts. I know, I know! Who would have thought compared to manchego macaroni and bacon wrapped anything, artichoke hearts would win, but they did and they were damn good.

Firefly also has a pretty decent drink menu including a sparkling sangria cocktail that I ordered. Yes, it's sangria made with sparkling wine. It was chock full of fruit, too and fairly sweet so it you don't like sweet drinks you may want to try something else.
On our last night visiting Las Vegas my friend took us to Firefly. It was the best meal we had there by far. We had been to a less than good place in the Venetian, where we shouldn't have chose to stay, for twice the price, half the quality, no view, and incompetent service. It was so freakin good I might even go back to Vegas, stay on Freemont, and eat there every meal. If more people stopped overpaying for crappy dinners they think tastes good based on location, who else eats there, and dress codes, Vegas might take a turn for the better.
I went to Firefly Downtown with a few friends last night and it was great!
The food is Tapas style, which means small portions that are  meant to be shared.  I was able to get a few things made vegan by ordering without the cheese. The food was great, they also have a fun drink menu including different type of sangria's. The view of downtown is awesome and there's a great atmosphere with good music. It's definitely a great place to bring visitors from out t of town or to go with a group of friends.
I. Am. In. Love. With Firefly.

A friend suggested we go to this location after a "First Friday" in the arts district. Luckily, my dinner companion is in the know, and somehow finagled us an amazing table with a spectacular view of Fremont Street.

 I can describe my meal here with two words: Sensory Overload. And that's a good thing.

Every item that we ordered was delicious. Bacon Wrapped Dates! Bingo. Stuffed Mushrooms! Bingo. Parmesan Fries! Bingo. Wow, I just won at Bingo three times. I'd say it was one hell of a night. 

One suggestion though. The crispy duck rolls. While they were good, they weren't great. It needed some kick. My friend and I think that Sriracha was the missing ingredient. 

If you see a guy bringing his own rooster sauce, then it's probably me. Come say hi. I'm certain I will be dining here again. And again. And again.
I went here just short of a week ago, and was kind of disappointed to be honest. I'm a little spoiled by Firefly on Paradise and this place just wasn't the same. The view is incredible, it overlooks Fremont Street but it was so open that it felt cold. It wasn't as intimate or eclectic as the location on Paradise. The music selection was kind of an odd mix of Tropical, Salsa, and God knows what else. Who ever made that CD should not ever make CD's for restaurants because it just threw off the ambiance of the restaurant. So first off, this place is in the Plaza. Downtown Las Vegas is filled with pimps, ho's, white trash, and your  Emo guyliner kids who dig Beauty Bar and The Griffin. So being as i'm a loungy, eclectic kind of gal, Downtown is not my scene to begin with. 

I tell the hostess that it's our first time here and we usually go to the one on Paradise, so she gives us the best table in the house with the table being right by the window overlooking the middle of Fremont street with floor to ceiling windows. We had a very attentive server and she was awesome, a lot better than the service on Paradise to be honest..  We ordered the dates and the eggplant cannelloni to start followed by the paella. Dates were fab as always, but the cannelloni not so much. The goat cheese overpowered the dish incredibly. The tomato sauce made the flavors come together a little more, but something felt missing. Possibly the introduction of better spices or more spices in the cannelloni to give it more flavor. Oregano, basil or some garlic maybe? Something just so you taste more than just goat cheese. The Paella portion was large enough for 3 people, and was good. Not the best, but not the worst either. I think all in all i'm just a little spoiled by the other location. This place is good for someone who likes something a little more modern and with a great view, but I like ambiance. Take me to a different place, yet make me feel at home. Firefly Downtown didn't give me that feeling. Sorry other Yelpers who love this location much more. :( I just don't see it.
When I was 8 years old I was told by my father many things that always made sense to me. Things that stay with me for ages. Shaped who I am. Things like...never buy ducks from man in a hat, or punch anyone in throat who looks at you cross eyed...because of that one I was thrown out of Catholic Boarding school...to be fair...that nun had it coming. He also said to me this...whenever you can buy small plates of food...do it, you can really throw those plates much more accurately when you are mad.  So wise. So wise. Again, because of that one I spent 11 months in a Basque prison. Oh well, I learned how to stamp on grapes and make wine and say "abajo con los cerdos espanol." Overall not too bad.

So when I heard that the beloved FireFly was taking over the horrible restaurant in the Plaza I was thrilled. So happy that I put down my bottle of keyboard cleaner and my rag, stood up, fell down, and stood up again. I waved my weak and jittery arm. The people in the bus moved further away.

Oh, Spain...you may be fascist oppressors, but you invented a damn good drink...Sangria.  The Sangria here is aged 3 days and it tastes out of this world. It really is as good as you will possibly get for the price (24 bucks for a pitcher that would cost you 100 in a club on the strip).  I had the white wine Sangria. Perfection. Bring your own big straw...they don't provide them. Oh well.

We tried 10 plates ranging from 4.50 to 9 bucks. Each one better than the last. The civiche was perfect. Lime juice, red onions and shrimp. Perfect.  The fillet minon was expertly cooked.  We had several others, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms were so amazingly good they should have their own large plate...like a platter...delivered to me by supermodels. The  empanadas were rich and perfectly filled. 

The food is great, but the atmosphere is just excellent. It is fun and casual without being too casual. The round glass room, which you will need reservations, is the best at night. See the lights of Downtown and watch the Freemont Street Experience show every half hour. It fits in so perfectly with the whole Downtown revitalization vibe.  

One star off...the plates, as good as they are could have more on them. They really skimp at times and it makes no sense considering the price tag. Also, the wrong server can blow this experience for you, by being too slow and not knowing the menu. I have had decent servers most times, but once I got a bad one...and believe this...when you hold him down and start pulling out his nose hairs one at a time suddenly YOU'RE the bad guy. This world is so sideways.  Oh well.

Rex speaks. You eat. You do if you know what is good for you. Rex doesn't speak twice.
Swanky food in DOWNTOWN??!!!  Yes, yes, YEEEESSS!!  When Maounds suggested this place for dinner, I was skeptical at first.  A nice restaurant in The Plaza?  Are you sure?  But I trust her (and her palate) so I went with it.  Man, oh, MAN, I am glad I did!

The decor is super sexy.  A giant wall of window looks out onto Fremont Street, so if you hit it at the right time, you can see the light show.  The lighting in the restaurant is dark and sultry.  It was very modern with clean lines and dark wood too.  You would swear you are not Downtown at all.

The food was incredible.  Everything is tapas style so you can have a bite of everything (or hog a couple of plates just for yourself, like I did).  I had the tomato basil soup with grilled cheese (BRIE!) and the ham and cheese croquettes.  The soup was delicious, as was the grilled cheese (though the bread was a little too soft and flakey for my taste) and the ham and cheese croquettes were incredible (but share these because they are rich and you don't want to over-do it).  I only drank beer since I did not want to mix my liquor for the night.

My boyfriend had the thai beef salad and he really, really liked it.  Generally he like potatoes with his meat, so I was surprised it got such rave reviews.  He also raved about the sliders with the bleu cheese (and he is no bleu cheese fan at all).  Maounds had the bacon wrapped dates and something else, all of which she loved.  She also had a carmel apple martini and she is not one to normally drink the frou frou cocktails.  You know how to make people want to come out of their comfort zone, Firefly.  That is a sign of a great restaurant!

Next time I am Vegas, I will definitely be back here!  I cannot WAIT!
Wow I'm glad I found this on Yelp.  Not 5 stars because of the one tapas the party of 6 didn't care for.  But a return visit in the future says a lot about this restaurant in a city with infinite restaurant choices.....

I love tapas and this was some of the better tapas I've had in the country.  It's in downtown Vegas and the atmosphere is very Vegas in wow factor but I wouldn't call it elegant.  And I liked that.....

Because the focus was

Food:  Yes, try the stuffed dates and then try not to order a couple of more orders.  They were very good and the first hint that the food is about quality.  Others, stuffed poquillo (sp?) peppers were outstanding and was the top pick for some.  The spicy shrimp was excellent and we ordered a few of those.  The lamb skewer was simply outstanding to a person that doesn't "love" lamb.  But I'd get this again in a heartbeat.  Artichoke toasts - my favorite.  Beef sliders were very good.  And more I cannot remember right now.  We got some melted cheese concoction that I forget the name of because........ these are the best sangria's and I had a few by the time we ordered the melted cheese tapas.  Then we ordered the dessert sampler and it was excellent and well done.  We did have one non-tasty tapas and it was the tuna.... egh..... it tasted like cat food.  But the rest of the dishes were awesome and I will return.

Service/atmosphere:  Service was good to very good but not great.  I really don't have a complaint.  The atmosphere was why we chose the downtown location.  A view of the downtown "arcade" from this huge glass-ceiling room that was an incredible view of Vegas.  Worth the cab ride for sure.  Think of it as a huge moon-roof on your restaurant.  The rest of the restaurant was shockingly non-Spanish. 

Value:  After being stuffed by the many tapas, plenty of drink and a dessert - I was shocked at the bill and how low it was.  Tapas can add up and be more expensive than many traditional meals in Vegas but this was great quality food at a great price.  Not like some over-priced chef-themed restaurants.
great food but a little rich in taste.  course i went overboard wanting to taste it all :)
Those bacon wrapped dates are amazing! Love the downtown location.
I LOVE THE FOOD AT THE FIREFLY.  I usually go to the one on Paradise.  The food quality is just as good at this location.  I like the fact that this location is more spacious, the staff is more attentive and the food came out way faster.

However, had to subtract 1 star because parking sucks here.  Had to pay $5 at the Plaza lot next to the Greyhound station
The view is awesome.  Glass ceiling--a scene from "get him to the Greek" and a great spot for a romantic evening.  I had heard good things so when we were trying to decide where to go last saturday, I wanted to check it out.  We split a pitcher of Mojitos.  I ordered the tapas and my man had the paella.  The paella was getting tons of looks and was awesome.  The tapas was pretty great too.  Food was really great price.  I was actually shocked.  Overall you can't beat a nice view, some booz and a great ambiance.  Then a buzzed stroll around downtown followed by a $20 sit-n-go at the Plaza.
4.5 stars

Don't judge a book by its cover. Or, in this case, don't judge a fantastic restaurant by that fact that you have to go through the scruffy Plaza to get there. (Pay $5 to park in the Plaza's concrete funhouse of a garage, get your $5 refunded at the cashier's cage, blow your $5 on a slot machine.)

Design: Moody pictures of flamenco dancers in the entry. The glassed-in dome overlooks Fremont Street. Go after dark so you can enjoy the spectacle while pretending to mock it. Try to reserve one of the circular booths overlooking the street for maximum sex appeal. Although it's plenty sexy without one, and there were groups as well as couples.

Service: Pleasant, professional, not cloying. No handholding: Tapas will not be explained to you unless you ask.

Food: Ok, if you've gotten this far. You deserve a reward, so let's get those salivary glands going. Husband and I had six small plates, and we were so full we could not order dessert. 
Stuffed dates. Exquisite, bite-size nibbles. And nutritious, involving 3 of the 4 food groups!
Artichoke toasts: Sour, in a good way.
Manchego mac n cheese: Both creamy and snappy, but without the wow factor of the other choices.
Albondigas: Tasty little meatballs.
Fish sticks: Yay for spicy tartar sauce and golden, panko-shrouded goodness
Duck rolls: Big and awkward to eat, and not as flavorful as duck ought to be. Ate my half anyway.
Cava was lovely, and husband's mojito was A-1.

And how much did this little feast come to? Fifty bucks before tip. I was in shock. This was one of the best meals we had in Vegas and the cheapest.
WOW!

Talk about being in for a treat! Fremont Street is not exactly my first destination when seeking out good eats, but holy smacks! My party was seated in what I would describe as the best seats in the house. Directly center in front of a huge window overlooking the street and able to view the "light show" about 15 minutes into the meal.

We ordered so much food and nothing was disappointing. We started with a pitcher of the white sangria. The drink was great and the booze marinated fruit was a great finish to the meal. 

Crispy Duck Roll - Really Great! The duck was tender with great flavor, although I agree with previous yelper, could have used a lil somethin somethin (like sriracha)
Albondigas - The sauce on these little meatballs was the star.
Babyback Ribs - SO TENDER! I was really impressed! The little salsa it was served with was such a great compliment to the protein.
Calamari - Very nicely cooked. Not rubbery or overcooked at all. Hooray!
Patatas Bravas - While there's nothing super special about this dish, it had a nice spicy sauce.
Stuffed Dates - YES YES YES! DELISH! The bleu cheese made this dish. Perfectly balanced.
Tierra Y Mar Skewers - Very nicely done. I was worried the beef and shrimp on the same skewer may be a death sentence for the shrimp, resulting in a sad pink eraser of "shrimp" but it was very nice, and the beef was med-rare. The sausage on it was also really yummy.
Camarones Diabla - Nothing groundbreaking, but a solid spicy shrimp dish.
Mac N Cheese - Creamy and rich. Very nice.
Filet Sliders - Tasty goodness!
Bread Pudding - Very moist.
Flan - Great great flavor. 

Our server, Tony, and his flock of fellow servers were attentive and the food was coming out at a perfect clip. We were able to enjoy each dish, without feeling overwhelmed at any time. 

The food was solid and the bill was incredibly reasonable both for the amount of and quality of fare we enjoyed that evening. Firefly will certainly be on my list of places to return to next time I'm in Vegas. Bravo!
We ate at Firefly on Paradise during our last visit to Las Vegas and decided to try the new downtown location this time.  When we parked the car we were a bit put off because the Plaza hotel is pretty run down.

The setting of Firefly Bistro, however, is a one of a kind, in an atrium overlooking the downtown light show.

We had great service (from a Firefly veteran - she said she had been with the restaurant for 5 years) and we enjoyed our choices (bacon-wrapped dates, beef/mushroom kebabs, parmesan frites, chicken salad).  Our only regret was that we had eaten a large lunch (buffets be damned) so weren't too hungry at dinner and couldn't try more items (such as the lemon tarts we had had enjoyed so much on our last visit).

Firefly is a great tapas bar and the kitschy downtown location is worth a visit.  If you can time your visit to see the light show, I would recommend you do so and ask for a view table.
I was very surprised to find a lively modern restaurant at the Plaza since I barely go downtown and wouldn't expect this kind of place to be there.  I went in a large group for a co-worker's birthday and really enjoyed it.   The seating is in a huge dome overlooking Fremont Street which is really cool, they shot scenes from casino in there(according to one of the people I ate with-I haven't verified this)  Almost everything we ate was really delicious and the sangria was good too.  Plus the bartender was cool and made us yummy girly shots like chocolate cake and pineapple upside down cake.  I can't wait to take out of town guest there or go back with a group of friends again.  My favorite tapas was the artichoke toast.  least favorite-ribs  Order a bunch of things and share!
I am definitely a fan and will be back to try more of the menu. You have to try the stuffed dates and the shrimp ceviche.  Both are excellent. As far as cocktails go you can't go wrong with the blood Orange mohito.  This is a great place to take a date after sundown because of the huge window facing fremont st.
It's Friday night, you and your girls want to go grab a bite - you're looking for something trendy but not stuffy, satisfying but not heavy, with cocktails and a killer view. 

Well, let me suggest....Firefly at the Plaza.

This is the restaurant's second location in Vegas. I had been to the location on Paradise several times. It's got a great location down the street from the Hard Rock. I always preferred sitting on the patio at that location because the inside feels a little small, dark and cramped. The Plaza location, on the other hand, is something I show off to my friends.

It is located under a huge dome that looks out onto the lights and neon of Fremont Street. 

Oh and have I mentioned the food? DELICIOUS. This is a tapas style restaurant so sharing is caring here. The Ham and Cheese Croquettes are some of my favorite things on the planet. And, as I like to think of myself as a mac-n-cheese connoisseur....their Monchego Mac-n-Cheese is in my Top 3. 

But the real attention grabber here? SANGRIA. They offer red, white and sparkling and you really can't go wrong - although I prefer the red. And if you're not in the mood for fruity wine, order yourself a Mojito and let your hair down!

My only complaint would be the service. It is very. slow. But, then again, that just leaves more time for you to finish off that pitcher!
Love this place! The food is great and the view is excellent. We loved their pork empanadas, paella, and calamari! The prices are unbelievable. They also took a really nice picture of us--free, but give you an option to buy more.
yummmmmeeeeeeeee!!!!! this one is better than the paradise one (less orange people trying to be on a Vegas reality show)
This is the saddest I have ever been writing a review on Yelp.  Firefly used to be my favorite restuarant in the city.  The tapas are amazing.  Mini-sirloin burgers to die for.  A mushroom tart to salivate over. Lush sangria.  On my last visit however, we ran across a server who ended up trying to purposefully overcharge us.  Long story short, he got caught, management refunded the amount of the mistake, but refused to do anything else.  I just refuse to give them any more of my money.
[4 stars is my top rating...5 is for WOW, OMG!]

You can not go wrong with this place.  It's a fantastic place to take out of town guests and a GREAT place for a date.

If you want a bit quieter spot sit to the left of the main room near the bar.  Still a great view of Freemont but not a noisy as the glass room (Not as cool tho IMO)

Open menu and point to something you will love it!
My sister and I hit up this place before exploring downtown and there is no better way to start an evening than at Firefly.

The decor and the great glass windows make for a comfortable, yet sexy dinner. The view is of Fremont street and if you get there at the right time you'll get to watch the light show.

The mojitos here are AMMMAAAAAAZZZZINNNNGG.  Our cutie waiter recommended the Pomegranate and he did not steer us wrong.  I like to think mojitos are good for me, especially pom ones.  I get mint, that's good for digestion and pomegranate, super fruit! Possibly good for you, super delicious, and a pitcher well get you feelin' fine.

The food here, equally as amazing. I love tapas style eating and is perfect for trying new dishes and sharing with friends.  The manchego mac and cheese is the ish and I could eat an entire vat of the artichoke hearts. 

If you're traipsing around downtown or need a mojito fix, I highly suggest you come here.
3.5 stars for the food
2.5 stars for the service

I've never been to the Plaza before....it's like walking into a time machine. The Paradise location does not take reservations on Friday or Saturday and since someone recommended going to this one, we decided why not? The valet was very slow so by the time we arrived, we were later than late since the 15 had an accident. However, my friends that were on time said that had to wait 20 minutes for the server to even come and take their drink order. Please note that when I arrived, the place was not very busy at all. On a plus side, We had an awesome view of the Fremont Street from our table. 

After I looked at the menu, I decided to order the tuna tartare, manchego mac and cheese, petite filet, steamed mussels, lamb chops and a pitcher of the Mango Mojito.  It took another 15-20 minutes for my mojito to come out and that was after my bf waved down someone asking for the update of our drinks. Luckily the food started arriving fairly quickly after I had some mojito in me. The tuna tartare was such a dissappointment. The taro chips were so stale that the dish was a big fat FAIL.  They did redeem themselves with their mussels. The petite filet was oh so tender and juicy that I wanted more, but I was pretty much full with some yummy mac and cheese in me.  I did get to try the smoked salmon toast that my friend had order. It was pretty good, but salty...so if you don't like salty don't go for this dish. I didn't try the lamb chops since I was really full, but the bf enjoyed it. On the plus side, since we had to ask what the status was on our drinks, we got another pitcher for free!  Overall, I thought it was ok and the view was nice, but I probably won't be returning here unless someone else has a dinner here.
I am a HUGE fan of Firefly. My boyfriend took me to the Paradise location a couple of years ago and I was instantly hooked. Once I made the move to Vegas, I thought I might get tired of my favorite restaurant. Um, no chance.

The prices simply can't be beat and the atmosphere is perfect for either a romantic meal or a night out with friends. I take almost all of my out of town visitors here and no one has once complained. Not once. 

You must order the stuffed dates. Seriously. This is not optional; it's a requirement and, yes, you can thank me later. Other favorites of mine include: the ham and cheese croquetas, the filet mignon sliders and - my new favorite - the tuna peppers. As for drinks, you really can't go wrong. I'm a big fan of the sparkling sangria because it is just so light and refreshing, but I've tried many of their drinks and they really are all fantastic.

Although I originally fell for the Paradise location (very close to my home), the new downtown location at the Plaza is really where it's at. It looks out over the Fremont Street Experience light show and, trust me, you'll love it.

My only complaint is that the service can be pretty mediocre. Nothing too serious, just worth noting. Honestly, it is much better at the Paradise location, but the ambiance and view of the downtown spot more than makes up for it.

Go order yourself some dates and sangria and savor the view. You'll eat it up. Literally.
We love this place!  Both here and the one on Paradise.  The prices can't be beat.  Every tapas we tried was absolutely delicious.  We try and come here every time we visit Vegas.
" I THROW MY HANDS UP IN THE AIR SOMETIMES, SAYING AA-OOOOOOOO"

"CAUSE WE GON' LIGHT IT UP- LIKE IT'S DYNAMITEEEEE"

Fellow friends and Yelpers including Francis C. and Christine G. were eagerly waiting for this song to be played at this fancy Tapas bar... but unfortunately, the crowd may have been too old for us (eeks... did I just say that?)  I was sad that the sounds of Taio Cruz weren't blasting this evening, but for a night out with small bites and good drinks, Firefly is sure to provide!

Located in downtown Vegas right across from Fremont Street, Firefly offers up a clubbey/lounge area for party goers that want to avoid the crowdedness of the Strip.  Firefly gets extremely busy, so I highly recommend making a reservation before hand.  The management allows a ten minute grace period from your reservation, but try not to be late.  Once inside, we were impressed by the luxurious environment we were placed in.  We were on the second floor of the building, giving you a glimpse of Fremont Street and a cool view of the lights surrounding Sin City.

Once again, you won't be dancing your drunk butts off at Firefly, but you'll be enjoying a chill, fun night out.  For those that don't know, Tapas bars provide small bites and big drinks.  Everything on the menu is made for either 1-2 people, so if you are hungry, this may not be the best place to go because it can add up.  However, we came for some light food, and for the amazing Sangria they have here.  Our waitress was very sweet in giving us recommendations on foods and drinks, and was fun to chat with throughout the night.  They also have a worker going around taking photos of your party, which you can pick up afterwards.  So for service and ambience, it's not bad so far.

On to the food options.  I tried the following:

Sangria [$24 for pitcher] - Worth it!  This was absolutely delicious and makes a great, sweet drink to wash down the food that you'll be eating with it.

Dates Wrapped In Bacon [$6] - You get five pieces of these little suckers.  They were mad delicious!  The bacon was crispy, and the juices infused with the hot dates made a remarkable explosion of tastes in my mouth.

Skewered Steak [$10] - Two skewers of marinated meat that goes extremely well with the free bread provided.  Definitely get them more on the rare side because they were extremely tender... so good!
There are many things to try here, so feel free to experiment and find what flavors suit you the best.  For my first tapas bar experience, this was definitely not bad.  If there was a dance floor inside and cheaper drinks, life would be perfect.

Parking can be hard, but my friends and I parked at the California Hotel.  It's free, and you just need to get your ticket self validated.  It works!
Walked in on a Monday night and was treated like a rockstar. The bartenders are so friendly, helped me make drink and food choices that were perfect and they make incredible drinks by hand there. The pricing is average, but worth it, cause the food tastes good and the sangria tasted better. Would definitely recommend this spot.
What a view!  Came here around 9pm on a cab driver recomendation, and somehow got the best seat in the place.  Amazing view of freemont street!

Food was ok.  Appetizer sized items to share.  Nothing stood out as amazing.

The hotel seems old and gross, this hidden gem is located on level 2 of the Plaza hotel.

Get some food and drinks here before hitting up the freemont strip.
Food 4 plus stars, mojito's, if I could give more than 5 I would.
The service on this particular occasion, was some of the worst I have experienced. Our waitress(BRITT) finally came by after about 25 minutes to see if we were ready to order. Keep in mind(Arnold) the busboy brought bread, water and then even finally our first pitcher when he realized the waitress was nowhere to be found. I can understand if you are busy, just swing by my table and let me know you will be with me shortly. Se cmes by to take our order makes up some half fast excus about putting through some orders. Later during the meal the busboy came by and used the new girl excuse. I don't think we will give it a second try, maybe we will give the other location a chance.
They did in their defence comp one of our pitchers.

Made us all very sad.
Our waiter provided menus and a complimentary plate of olives, bread and an almond cream cheese spread.  The first order included a pair of mojitos (4.5), the mandatory bacon wrapped dates in a red wine reduction and blue cheese (4.5) and a disappointing roasted beet salad (2).  Our next order was a mushroom tart (puff pastry and boursin cheese) that burst with flavor (4.5) and a seafood paella (3.5).  We finished our meal with a banana nutella sandwich (4) while watching the FSE light show.
A-MAZING!!! Great atmosphere, great service(thanks Michelle!), food is familiar yet different and absolutely yummy!
Great View, Okay Food, Disinterested service. 

When asked about the sangria, the waiter literally said, "it's just wine, brandy and fruit." Way to sell it! He also refused a request for a sample taste.

Most dishes were good, not great. The very common praise for the stuffed dates is a bit telling. Not much else stands out. Dishes were served on what could easily pass for heavy duty high school cafeteria china.

Tapas should be enjoyed in a relaxed and welcoming setting. The wait staff was having none of that concept. "Done yet?" was their mantra.

The "bubble" room affords a great view of Fremont Street and was the most memorable part of the experience.

Miserable parking, but that's downtown.
A M A Z I N G ! 
Food was great! Service was stellar! The view of freemont st left nothing more to ask for!
Great place for group outings. Great atmosphere and view. 

Big fan of the Stuffed Dates, Mac n Cheese and Artichoke Toasts.  Usually I pair that with their yummy Red Sangria, but I recently discovered their Blood Orange Mojitos and am currently addicted to them. 

Yummy.
We were told that there would be a 30min wait for a party of 2. We were told that we could wait in the bar area, but not at the tables. The bar itself was full, so we were forced to stand by the window next to the bus staff trays full of dirty dishes. We were eventually seated in the main dining area where the acoustics were so bad that we couldn't hear our server.

We ordered the Surf and Turf Skewers, and none of the shrimp were de-veined. The prep cook apparently sliced all of the shrimp down the wrong side, leaving the waste vein intact. 

We also ordered the almond stuffed dates, and one of the five dates contained a date pit rather than an almond. It seemed as though the kitchen staff had no knowledge of how to properly clean these two items.

To top it off, a bachelorette party equipped with a male blowup doll were seated near us and across from a woman and a 10 year old or so boy. I know this is Vegas, but there's a time and place to allow that sort of thing. An all ages dining establishment during peak hours doesn't seem like the best time or place.
The food is just as good as the paradise location but this place is big and so it's hard to get the same atmosphere.  We did walk right in on a Thu night and get a table at 9:30PM.  You gotta love that at this place!  We had great service and a nice light show from Fremont St. from our table.
I've tried this place twice now, and both times I've loved it.  The menu is just great with so many tapas to choose from and all of the them priced between 5-8 dollars. Each one is a nice portion for two people, even for three!  Make sure you go here at night so you can get a nice view of the Fremont Experience light show.  This place will become a must, every time you're in Vegas.
Halloween was a clusterbitch and I just wanted something to nosh and to sit the hell down! With Firefly in the horizon, it seemed a better choice than fast food and diners in most the DT properties. 

BF and the Yelpizzles Elnino and Andy were my company. 

The BF and I weren't too hungry so we shared

Boquerones- one of my faves. I love white spanish sardines. 
Veggie Empanadas- comes with 2 and some salad. It was pretty good....I appreciate that the veggies werent processed down to a paste and were stuffed with slices of mushrooms and diced spinach. 
Chorizo and Chicken Stuffed Mushrooms- meh. My BF said it reminds him of Hamburger Helper on a mushroom. After he said that, that's all I can get in my head. Won't order this one again. 
Dessert Platter- comes with chocolate tres leches, passionfruit cheesecake, lemon tart, flan. All pretty decent. I liked the idea of the chocolate leches, I really like the passionfruit, tart was okay, flan was a surprise that it was good ( light, almost panna cotta like).

Got a white sangria since I usually get red. It was alright....it's a bit tart which I like, but I dunno...I think the bolder red makes more sense with tart fruits. 

Now the service was spotty and wait for items was kinda long. I however wasn't going to dock them down for it only because our server was very apologetic and really tried to help her tables. I looked around and the place was filled and  there wasn't enough staff coverage for the volume. I always feel bad when that happens because it's not the servers fault if they get spread thin. Someone could have called in and screwed everyone or upper management/owners haven't hired enough people. Tapas is about sitting around and chatting so I wasn't in a hurry. Just keep that in mind though- come when you feel like having a long nosh since speed and service isn't a strong suit. 

I'm a "fan" so I put it up to a 4 star since my visit was positive, but it's a round up since there are some obvious hangups.
OK, wanted to have a nice night out with my wife while in Vegas.  Too many choices of high end restaurants.  Settled on Firefly based on tapas style, and location for FSE.  Had been in once years ago when it was something else but did not eat.
Got A TON of food.  Will only mention a few.
Stuffed dates: mentioned in other reviews are as good as everyone says.  5 in an order, could have eaten 50.  
Eggplant canneloni: which was thin eggplant filets wrapped around goat cheese.  Awesome.
Skewers of chorizo, filet, and shrimp with salsa verde:  Incredible.
Calamari: average.  I am really not sure why I even ordered this.
Stuffed peppers: just OK. sauce was canned.

We LOVED most of the food.  Service was not stellar but certainly not bad.  Had a couple Estrellas to drink.  Got out for under 100 bucks and we were both stuffed like the dates.  I think this is a place where you have to have a little knowledge of the food.  A couple things were just ok...menu filler.  Waiter's choices were All on the money.

Not only would I go back, I wish I could go tonight.

Complaints about the china?  Who cares.  Food is good or great, tapas are fun, location is excellent and the price is right.
First time to the downtown location. The service and atmosphere was nothing like Paradise location. Had to remind the staff that is was happy hour, they acted like it was something new. Waiter was friendly but a little slow to respond to a dining area that had 5 tables of eaters(all right next to each other). The food as usual was outstanding.
Service-3
Food-5
Love Firefly!!
I've read some of the recent reviews, and honestly, I don't know what these people are talking about when they give a less than stellar view. 

Firefly* is awesome.

Yup. Firefly* is awesome.

I'm a chef. I've run several kitchens. I understand what goes into making a dish that is successful and complete, and this location has nailed it.  I understand the difficulties involved in coordinating the FoH & the BoH, but on 11/1/10 Sean & the BoH were getting along just fine. His service was impeccable, and the other 2 gentleman who also swung by the table for various wossname's were extremely thorough in their service.  

We dined around 7:40pm, and thankfully they weren't crowded the day after Halloween. The view was amazing, though the constant flash of lights did bring to mind thoughts of flicker vertigo. This problem was quite simply resolved by not facing the Fremont Strip, though the Wife and such didn't seem to mind the dazzling display of lights.

Over the next hour we enjoyed numerous dishes, my favorite being the 'Albondigas.'  Whenever I hear the word 'meatball' for the rest of my life, Firefly* is going to be at the forefront. I've had amazing meatballs here in Atlanta. I've MADE amazing meatballs of my own. As near as I can recollect, these are the best meatballs I've ever had. Maybe the marinara deceived me. Maybe the thickened tendrils of melted cheese ensnared me. Either way, my Sister and I demolished the 'Albondigas' and the remaining sauce with a Gusto I have not experienced in nearly 10 months.

Oh sure, there was delicious 'Tomato Bread,' the Sherry Vinegar biting the back of the tongue and surprising the palate. I suppose I should've read the menu a bit better, but the fact that it was Chilled was a surprise, though not unwelcome. The bread was a little hard, but the tomato & garlic mixture was more pleasant than I had expected. 

When the Serrano Ham & Manchego arrived, I did wish that the Ham had been cut much finer, but everyone else was thrilled for the experience. Tasty.

Baked Tetilla = Delicious btw. I'm a cheesemonger from once-upon-a-time, and I was served with a number of  great Spanish cheeses this night. This was an engaging number with a pile of roasted tomatoes in the center of a bunch of BCB joy. BCB's = the 'Burnt Crunchy Bits' where the cheese just gives up and bubbles into the mouth with happiness. My Sister and her Husband killed this before I was able to stop taking pictures of Fremont. Drowning the slices of Baguette/Ficelle in cheese was quite enjoyable. 

However, the 'Firefly*Fries' were just about the best fries I think I've ever had as well. The Aioli has Mayo in it, which while not a sin on the palate, is not what I've come to expect from 'Aioli' in the general sense. Given that it was Fries, I was pretty much prepared for the Mayo, and the table was definitely happy. They were even more enthralled when the 'Empanada' plate arrived with even more Aioli. The roast pork/pepper mixture was amazing, and I really wish I had more space to eat this bliss.

While I don't do Sausage, the Terra y Mare skewers were tasty. I'm told be the Wife & BiLaw that the Chorizo was "F'n Great."   The Lamb skewers were equally tasty, but definitely not half the YUM that was the 'Albondigas.'  

My sweet Lady insisted on 'Camarones Ajillo,' or rather, "some sort of shrimp."  These coincided happily with the 'Tierra y Mare.'  Shrimp abounded, and it was good. 

I would be remiss if I didn't mention the 'Spinach Salad.'  I should've ordered this in the first round, and this too was an oversight on the "Is this hot or cold?" dishes.  Warm, tasty, and though the Artichoke was a little strong in the context of the salad, the Feta and Pine Nuts more than made up for it's bold character. It all balanced well with the roasted Red Peppers.

The drinks prices were reasonable as well, at least by comparison to $9 on the strip. We got away at $6 per Jack & Coke, which isn't cheap by comparison to burning cash in the penny slots, but was still better than the 'Rat Pack is Back' show, also at The Plaza. 

All in all, we left at less than $80 for 4, and any 2 of the dishes would've made me summarize this as a better evening than the one at Zeffirino's the night before.  The atmosphere was amazing, the food was perfect, and I couldn't have been more pleased. Add in the fact that they give you a free postcard with dinner whether you pay the $10 or not for a larger picture and you've got yourself a great evening. If you want your trip to Vegas to be memorable, eat here. If you want a good night on the town with quality that rates a Michelin star (IMHO) at a reasonable price, eat here.  

Did I mention Eat here? 

Eat here.
I frequently visit Firefly Downtown for food, drinks, great customer service, and the atmosphere. Theres only been one instance when I was unhappy with the service.

First Timer?
Go for Happy Hour and order a pitcher of the Sparkling Sangria (even if you're not a sangria fan, because I'm not and I love it)
Also, can't go wrong with the Filet Mignon Sliders.
Three words: Bacon Wrapped Dates!  These things were phenomenal.  We must have ordered 3 of them.  This is a great place facing the Fremont Street Experience.  They have an awesome selection of small plates to sample while you watch the show down on the street. My only problem was deciding what I wanted.  I really wanted to order everything on the menu, and almost did!  It is truly a feast for all senses!
My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary. 

Pros: 
-It has such a cool, romantic environment with the low lighting and dark colors. 
-The view is AMAZING! 
-There wasn't many people at all, but that could've just been on that day. ---Some of the food is pretty tasty!

Cons:
-The service is as slow as molasses. After we got the menu, we asked for a minute, and she gave us at least 30. We were so hungry that we just wrote down everything we wanted and handed the list to her when she was serving the table next to us, for the 3rd time. This is unacceptable considering there were only about 5 tables of people and 3 servers
- The food really wasn't as good as I expected it to be. I guess all the great reviews left me with high expectations that weren't fulfilled. 

All in all. I would come back, but only for the view and  a little dessert.
First, I must start by saying that I love love LOVE the Firefly on Paradise. Being such a Firefly fan, I decided to eat at the Downtown location one night while out on Fremont. 

The place itself is really nice - great room, good ambiance. And the most awesome part is that it is a prime viewing location for the Fremont Street Experience (the canopy light show).

Despite it being a weekend night, we were one of the only tables in the place. And despite being one of the only tables, service was quite slow and inattentive.

The worst part was that my standard Firefly favorites fell short. They weren't the same amazing dishes I experience time and time again at the Firefly on Paradise.

While I love Firefly and really enjoy the view at this location, the difference in food quality is just way too drastic. Despite me ordering my favorite dishes (which I normally devour), I couldn't even finish most of them - they were barely edible.

Hopefully, it was just an off-night.
Firefly needs their own entrance because walking through the Plaza just set the WRONG mood. It was as if, we had been transported back to some really bad, early 80's movie, and the patrons were slightly Deliverance like. Ay-Mommy!!!  Even the escalator had seen better days and don't get me started with the funky cigarette smell. The place needs to be detonated!

Let me preface the food review by saying, I came expecting to be impressed. Well Ok, more like fed because it wasn't Espaa and I have super high standards for tapas.  Oh how I wanted to like you, but at every turn I was rebuffed. It wasn't quite a ghost town, but it might as well have been. It was a sad state of affairs. 

Good- The Fremont Experience View & Getting reservations easily through Open Table. The steak was just about the only thing edible.

Bad- Lackluster waitstaff - Yeah, I understand- If I worked in a restaurant, in the crumbling and oh so sketchy Plaza Hotel, I too might not feel all that chipper either, but COME ON! Muster up a little faux excitement for newbies-- pretty please!!!! 

Ugly -Just about everything we had was better off left in the kitchen. We tried the dates and I can do better at home. We tried the ham and cheese. Argh!! The fondue tasted like sweaty gym socks. The meats were like chewy leather. The salad was aight, but salads should not be a measuring stick.  The drinks were blah. I guess the atmosphere sans a large group was just plain lame. 

They need to revamp the menu and relocate away from a location in decline.
Went to Firefly on a weekend trip to Vegas. We got there early, around 5:30 pm, so the restaurant was basically empty. We were seated at a booth right by the window, overlooking Fremont Street--a great spot to see the Fremont Street Experience! Low lighting added for a romantic setting at the beginning of the meal, but by the time we were leaving it was packed and loud. Not a bad thing, just a different atmosphere than when we walked in.

Meal started off with complimentary olives and bread with a side of almond butter. Then we ordered the sausage plate, patatas bravas, ham and cheese croquetas, and crispy duck rolls. I heard that the duck rolls were really delicious, so I had high hopes, but wasn't that impressed. Overall, the food was good. Props for an extensive menu and I wish we had more of an appetite so we could have tried other items.

Service was mediocre. Our waitress was very friendly, but service in general was pretty slow. The worst part of the dining experience was simply getting to the restaurant. There's no direct entrance to Firefly; you have to trek through the Plaza, which seems pretty dumpy.
Filet sliders - good
Tomato soup & Brie sandwhich - meh
Surf & Turf (shrimp, chorizo & tomato) covered in a salsa verse - excellente
Firefly, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.

1. On my first trip here, I was seated at a table next to Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman. Awesome!

2. The view down Fremont Street is incredible. Ask for a table with a view if you're there at a time when they're not too busy.

3. The pitchers of sangria are reasonably priced and are HUGE. They're not weak, either. Two of us got rather sloshed off of one pitcher.

4. The food. Oh, the food. The chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms are to DIE for, as is the mac and cheese. I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious, nor have any of my dining companions. The banana-nutella sandwiches for dessert are a must. 

5. The prices are really reasonable. It's a tapas joint, but the portions aren't small. I usually get 2-3 tapas and a dessert, plus drinks, and pay well under $40 for my entire meal, including tax and tip. For top-notch food, I'm more than happy to pay it.

Firefly gets busy on weekend nights, especially Fridays. During the week, though, you can usually stroll right in, or that's always been the case when I've been in town.
One of the best night spots in Vegas.

If you find yourself in Las Vegas and looking for good grub on a budget, the Firefly is for you. The uber hip atmosphere is the perfect compliment to the awesome drinks which are an amazing match for the excellent food.

Served tapas style all of the food is awesome. I can highly recommend the ribs and the Garden Variety salad. Far better than "Garden Variety."

All of the cocktails are great but be sure to order a pitcher of Sangria. This fruity wine punch is sure to be the hit of the party.

Our group of 5 were adequately stuff and lubricated for just over $100!
At the Firefly location on Paradise Road, I tell people that the beauty of the place is that it's so crowded that you have time to drink enough mojitos at the bar that you won't notice the spotty service during your meal.

Well, the downtown Firefly throws that out the window. Service here is consistent, and it's good. Wow. Another key difference: you can actually hear yourself think, and your dinner companions talk. It's a much better date option than the Paradise location.

Fortunately, the mojitos are still killer, and the food is the same collection of deliciousness that you've come to know and love at the original. Artichoke toasts are a light starter, garlic aioli a zesty counterpoint to the quartered artichoke heart atop it. Gazpacho is always refreshing and flavorful (although a warning: manipulating the slice of avocado in the soup can be difficult after a few drinks). 

And the filet mignon sliders, topped with Serrano ham, cabrales cheese and fried onions, are melt-in-your-mouth good. The tuna tartare was another great example of contrasts in play, with mango, avocado and taro complementing the fish.

Of course, you can't talk about the downtown Firefly without mentioning the view. The domed restaurant overlooks the Fremont Street Experience, a historic and stunning vista. But with the warm, bohemian-meets-bordello decor inside the restaurant, there's plenty to keep your eyes occupied even if you don't get one of the coveted window seats.

Firefly has long been one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas, and the downtown location improves on the original.
The location is amazing, the stuffed dates are to die for and the service is tons of fun.  Hope that the remodel of The Plaza doesn't make this close before its time.  It is definitely worth the trip downtown!
One of my favorite places in town. This location's even better than the original. Great view, great service, great food and great drinks. A magical combination. 

I always get the bacon wrapped dates, they're perfection. I thoroughly enjoy the shishito peppers and lamb skewers as well. I haven't had a single dish that I haven't enjoyed here. Definitely a favorite in town! This place is great for groups, parties, anniversaries, birthdays, any occasion really. 

I'd recommend making a reservation for larger parties, especially on the weekends!
Honestly, not as good as their other location on Paradise. I think they cut corners on the food quite a bit to afford the amazing location. Worth it for the view though.
Firefly brings Fremont Street the culinary star that has been missing
(not including the fried twinkies, which are, without a doubt,
disgustingly good).  Hidden in the otherwise un-noteworthy Plaza
Hotel, Firefly is a stylish tapas restaurant (Spanish snack or
appetizer cuisine with a variety of smaller dishes) with a cornicopia
of delicious dishes and an excellent view of the Fremont Street
Experience.

My party had a table full of hot dishes, including patatas bravas
(roasted red potatoes in spicy aioli), manchego mac 'n' cheese, and
the empanada (pastry stuffed w/roast pork, red pepper, w/salad,
aioli).  We all kept leaning over the table, sticking our forks in
each other's dishes.  Then we'd order more dishes and more cocktails and look out and watch the lights of the Fremont Street Experience play on the overhead screen.  

Everything was excellent, the wait staff was attentive and friendly and we all lamented that we were full and couldn't try more of the menu.  Firefly is a must-visit spot in Vegas.
Great Location and View.. excellent Tapas and awesome Sangria
Food, good.
 - Bacon wrapped dates, stuffed mushrooms,  skewers, spinach salad.

Drinks, good.
- Red wine Sangria

Dessert, eh.
- forgot.

Service, good.
 - Prompt and friendly.
 
View, good.
- Booth faced Fremont Street
What a view, looking through the window you see all of Fremont. Its like a carnival, especially around the holidays. I had dinner here with a group of six and that gave us the opportunity to order quite a few dishes on the menu. 

What makes this a 4 star restaurant is the fact your in Vegas, its lively and the location and view are incredible. After a few drinks and making some cash at the tables everything seemed perfect ( I'm sure it was the alcohol). 

Our order consisted of the following: 
Stuffed dates,padron peppers, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, patatas brava,lamb chops, firefly fries, roasted eggplant,tuna tartare, baby beet salad,boqueones(anchovies), spicy chorizo, baby greens, and lots of delicious sangria. 

It was a great evening of fun and good food.
This restaurant used to be really good, but the quality and service has slipped over time. Have been dissapointed the last three times I've gone there. Further, our last server badmouthed another local restaurant - low class.
Hard to rate
Food 3
Service 4
Location 0 unless you count the cheese factor then it's a 5

Pitcher of red sangria- good
Chicken salad- not so much
Bacon wrapped dates- burnt bacon
Stuffed peppers- good
Thai beef salad- good
Beet salad- simple but very good
Mac n cheese- how can you go wrong with cheese over pasta? Good
Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms- nasty
Camarones Diabla- this was my favorite dish all due to the sauce
Crispy duck roll- it was ok but better covered with the Diabla sauce

The result is definitely an adventure. Had I not seeked this place out, I would have refused to come. The Plaza Hotel is run down and getting to the restaurant through the lobby was confusing. Once inside the view up Freemont Street was good. The food was better than expected too. All and all, it's no place to impress with all the 5 star, celebrity chef, over the top dining experiences in Las Vegas but there's something about Firefly you need to see for yourself. 

Hard to say if I'll ever go back but I'm glad I went. You should try it once.
On my never ending quest to eat food, I rarely return to a place to eat more than once.  If I should return, it is because the food, atmosphere or people there are amazing.  Firefly definitely falls on that list for me.

I came here on a special date with the lady and was not disappointed at all.  I was able to introduce her to new and amazingly delicious foods.  Spanish tapas are something out of this world, and firefly does it right.  From the artichoke toasts to the camarones al ajillo to the empanadas to the sangria, everything we tried was amazing.

The foods, the atmosphere, and the roaming Spanish guitarist all make Firefly an amazing place to enjoy food in Vegas again and again.
Great view over freemont street. Lamb skewers excellent. Mussels were average but but good spice.  
The sausage and chorizo stuffed mushroom are a must 
The salads are huge so share one.
This is essentially the same in terms of food (OK) and service (OK) as the original location on Paradise... but with much better ambiance and a super cool view of downtown!  It's a reliable place to get a couple of vegan options when downtown (there's really not much else, unless you just want fries.)

It's currently closed while the Plaza is being remodeled but should be open again soon.  

Get a big comfy booth in the fishbowl and settle down with a pitcher of sangria or some specialty cocktails, and enjoy the view!

Beware - they stop serving at 10 pm unlike the paradise location - so get in early.
Firefly overlooks the Fremont Street Experience and is a nice place to go to, whether you're loading up on a bunch of tapas or you're going for drinks.  I had a whole bunch of dishes and can't remember them all but here are a few of the memorable ones:

Tuna Tartare:  layers of mango, marinated ahi tuna, avocado, taro chips.  Can you say yum?

Ceviche of shrimp:  tiger shrimp, avocado, crispy corn tortilla.  Just the right marinade of flavors mixed together.

Stuffed dates:  bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese.  If you told me to order this, I would decline.  But if someone else is ordering it, of course it's obligatory to try, right?  O-M-G.  What a delightful surprise of deliciousness!  

A group of six of us went and shared a whole bunch of dishes so it was perfect, while we talked and drank.  The only reason for the one start ding is because service was very intermittent at times.  But when they did manage to come to our table, it was very polite and the order was brought promptly.  But my idea of good service is not having to ever have an empty glass on the table.  Fail.  Luckily, we were all have fun so it wasn't too big of a deal.  You should definitely go here at least once, after the Plaza is done with their renovations.
The best place to enjoy the Fremont Street Experience! The restaurant sits at one end of the street overlooking the canopy. It's decorated to be a modern dimly lit tapas house. It is red, to go along with their "fire" name.The service was respectable. They didn't have any tables ready for us so we sat at the bar area for some beverages where it seemed that no one wanted to sit. As soon as our table was ready, we were quickly seated close by the window with a view in the tower room. 

Everything on the menu looked so appetizing. I ended up getting the paella and we also got a few other tapas. The paella is definitely not like the spanish paella that I was accustomed to but it was tasty nonetheless. The tapas dishes were so good that we ended up ordering 2 of the same ones. Even though they were reasonably price, ordering twice of the same stuff added up pretty quickly!

Overall, a good place to just have light meals over drinks with friends. Nothing really spectacular about the taste and quality of the food or drinks, but the view was fantastic!
Love Rachel; love this location! Why the hell did they close after New Years? They have more than enough business at the Paradise location to fill this one. Then maybe the Paradise one wouldn't be an hour wait with reservations! It is called advertising, try it some time and this one would have been the new more successful one!
I've been to both this one and the Firefly on Paradise Rd. The deliciousness of the food is consistent. The alcohol was too strong for my liking, and the host could have used a slight attitude adjustment, but it was definitely good eats. I'd recommend this place to anyone and go back for more yummy tapas.
I cried when I heard that the downtown Firefly had closed. Literally. In this hour of sorrow, I can comfort myself with the fact that I enjoyed the chorizo stuffed mushrooms and pitchers of delicious sangria here as many times as I could during this restaurant's short life. Still, it's cold comfort.

RIP Downtown Firefly - let's hope your successor can live up to your high standards. Somehow, I doubt it.
I liked the tapas better than in Spain, reasonably prices, mojito's fun although mine needed a little more flavor and liquor, stools at the bar could be replaced but I JUST LOVED this place - Come to CA!
With the recent closing of RE Tapas, this restaurant is the closest tapas bar in the area.  So the husband and I thought we'd give it a whirl.

No sangria with my tapas?  They did tell us beforehand that they weren't getting their liquor license until next week so we can forgive them.

We ordered: 
- Barcelona's Fries.  It was delicious with a good sauce.  Worth your money for $4.50.
- Stuffed Mushrooms.  Pretty good and wanted more.  Shitake mushrooms stuffed with chicken & chorizo and parmesan cheese.
- Surf and Turf.  Thought it wasn't worth the money for $10.
- Empanadas.  Choice of chicken or pork.  We got the pork and it was delicious with a chipotle aioli sauce.  My only beef was don't put empanada(s) as plural and just cut one in half.
- Sliders.  These were overcooked and charred.  I would've complained but I'm not one to ever send a dish back.

All in all, an okay dining experience.  I left feeling underwhelmed and wishing I had to gone to Firefly instead.  Maybe next time they'll win me over with some excellent sangria.
Been waiting to go to Barcelona's since it opened a couple months ago.  We have been to numerous tapas restaurants and our expectations were high.  This did not disappoint! 

Sangria's were fantastic!
Food was melt in your mouth good!
Service was over the top!
And atmosphere was quiet, and warm.

Our waiter really took care of us and brought us things we would have never tried on our own.  Overall an A+ experience!  So lucky to have such a quality high end tapas place near by.
Ive been coming to Barcelona Tapas & Bar since it opened(before they got their liquor licence). I'm glad i stumbled upon this little gem. I always get either the beef carpaccio or the tuna to start then i move my way up to the fillet Mignon MMMmmMMM and of course the capers MMMmMM their sangria is BOMB! They have all types of specials depending on the day of the week. I am def a regular here!
Wow this place is excellent!!!!The food is OUTSTANDING!!!!That petit filet.....i'll just say order two and for $16 bucs you've eaten Ruths Chris filet mignon!!!!
Keep in mind it is an "Tapas" restaurant,so food is served in small portions (apetizers).Order as if your at a sushi bar and try different items!
Prices are great and they even have half off happy hour on fridays 4-6pm on tapas!!!4 bucs for each item....SWEEEET
It was a lond day for me and i was so starving. So me and my friend wanted to go to Off The Strip, but when we walked by Barcelona, we decided to give it a try, and here we go. I was so so disapointed, why: 
1: Sangria was so terrible, they use cheap red wine and i swear, i didnt taste anything at all, water is much better.
2. Fries was so salty, really it was.
3. Attitude of the server: i dont know was he a server or a manager, because he wore a different uniform from other servers. Still remember his name, Marco. Damn! When we were ordering, he just cut the conversation and went to get menus for other 2 coming guest without any apology . Then, He asked us to clean up the dirty dishes while we were still eating. Suddenly, he cleaned up all and just left the only dish which we were using. At least , he should leave some ultensil ! goshhh.....
The way he communicated with guest was horrible too. I swear i would never ever come back even once more time.
However, the lamb chop was OK but it was to thin, i think my lamb chops would fly away if i blow it up,
Ribs was good. I like their pinapple sauce.
Compare to Fire Fly, this place is way expensive and of course. my 2 thumbs are down for this place.
I was looking forward to trying this place since I read about it in the 89148 Magazine back in February.  I love tapas and the menu looked so promising...carpaccio with truffle oil, grilled octopus with a red wine reduction, and chorizo clams in a white wine broth.  My mouth waters just thinking about these dishes and many more on Barcelona's menu, but I'm sad to report that this was one of the most disappointing restaurants I've ever been to!

It just so happens that I recently acquired a coupon to this restaurant and went to it last Friday.  I just want to make it clear that I would have happily tried this place at full price, and the dish I was looking most forward to trying was the carpaccio (you just can't go wrong with raw beef and truffle oil...I'd hope).  My boyfriend and I were seated and greeted promptly.  When the server came over to take our drink order, he looked down at my coupon, took it and went straight to the kitchen.  Being a server for a long time, I could tell he was not happy that we brought this coupon, but I tried to remedy the situation by being extremely nice.  We ordered the carpaccio, pan fried dates, steamed clams, diabla shrimp, grilled octopus, sauted tilapia, albondigas, and merguez.  After a short while the tapas started coming out, and after delivering the first wave, our server said, "I'm sorry, but the carpaccio is very popular and we are running out of it tonight."  I smiled and said disappointed, "oh really?" and he responded, "yes."  Both my boyfriend and I picked up on his wording, but we did not confront him about it.  It is my strong belief that they had enough carpaccio for AT LEAST another order, but they didn't want to waste it on a table with a coupon!  As the night progressed our server grew increasingly more impatient and annoyed with our presence.  When we got our check he had manually written in an 18% tip...on a table for 2, and I always automatically tip 20% (even when the service is bad)!  With a coupon or something comped, I usually tip much more because that's what fellow service industry workers do...(can you tell how livid I am?)  Unfortunately, I wish I could say that only the service was sub par, but the food ranged from ok to not even edible.

Pan Fried Dates- This was the best dish we had from Barcelona.  The bacon was cooked well, all of the textures were spot on, and they had a nice savory sweet taste.  However, the red wine reduction was way too thin, the blue cheese crumbles were on the stingy side, and Firefly's are much better.

Steamed Clams- The clams were cooked well, but the chorizo was very dry.  The broth also needed more seasoning (this is a common theme).

Diabla Shrimp- I liked this, but again, it was not as good as Firefly's.  A nice spicy sweet sauce with shrimp, but the sauce was a little too thin.

Grilled Octopus- This just lacked seasoning.  The octopus was a pretty good texture, not too chewy, but the flavor was bland.  For good grilled octopus, try Olives in the Bellagio.

Sauteed Tilapia- Completely inedible!  I'm not sure if the kitchen just didn't care or if they genuinely made a mistake, but the outside of the fish was mushy and the inside was raw.  I've never seen fish this texture before, and I honestly can't think of how it happened.

Albondigas- Meatballs in marinara with melted mozzarella on top.  These were so dry we drenched each bite in the marinara.

Merguez- A spicy lamb sausage served over roasted red pepper couscous.  The sausage was dry and not very spicy.  The couscous was a little wet, but it had a good flavor.

The one good thing about our experience was that the man refilling our drinks was extremely friendly!  He never let a drink go empty and explained they have live music some nights.  I really wish the food had been better so I could give this place a second chance.
This place is over rated! $$ my boto! It should really be a $$$ to relate to the portions you get. 

I've been to tapas around the country and this one is not cheap and food is ok. However, it's one of only a few in Vegas so they have the market cornered.

I rather go to Hawaiian BBQ which is a true $-$$. Probably only worth it during happy hour on Fridays.
I love this place! The food is unique and very tasty. I really loved their beef carpaccio with a hint of truffle oil. YUM! Everything I tasted was wonderful, the only thing that I didn't absolutely love was the empanadas - still good, but not my fav. 

I gave this place an extra star for Jose, the waiter. He was hilarious and very sweet. 

Locals: keep an eye out for coupons, 20% off your entire meal makes this place even better.
Returning from Spain only five months ago, we were craving tapas.  There aren't that many options for tapas in Las Vegas beyond the two Firefly locations.

Barcelona Tapas and Bar gives us one other place to consider when you're craving small bites.

Located in a busy strip mall where locals frequent, this restaurant had a few customers by the bar and dining when we walked in on a weekday night.

I had a few things in mind immediately based on previous yelpers, so we got to ordering.  We munched on complimentary bread and spreads while we waited for our orders to arrive.

* Beef Carpaccio "Thin sliced of tender tails drizzle with balsamic vinaigrette, truffle oil, tapenade, and fried onions" ($8) - I love beef carpaccio...when it's done right.  Yelpers raved about their version and sadly, we couldn't quite see why.  It's more like cured beef than raw beef, which is what we were expecting.  Not quite like beef jerky, but not delicate like what we're familiar with.  It was also covered with large shavings of cheese, which was not mentioned.   Not sure if this was to cover up the beef or enhance the taste.

* Pastelillos de pollo (Chicken Cakes) "Chopped chicken, green and red onions, red pepper, chopped cilantro, black bean and corn salsa molded together and grilled served with gribiche." ($5.50) - Something a bit unusual that you don't see on every menu.  It's a bit misleading in its description since we were expecting all the ingredients to be 'molded together' to create a corn cake.  In actuality, the black bean and corn salsa are on the side of the corn cake.  Nonetheless, it was quite tasty with the accompanying egg sauce.  And it is only one corn cake.

* Merguez Lamb Sausage "Served with couscous, and roasted pepper tomato sauce and a Merlot wine reduction sauce." ($7.50) - There was a distinctive lamb taste to it, and what I'm sure was some liver blended into the mixture.  The Husband isn't a fan of most livers so he was very aware of the funny taste to it.  Comes two in an order.

* Pan Fried Dates "Pitted dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in bacon with merlot reduction and sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles." ($5.50) - Anything wrapped in bacon usually can't go wrong, and dates mix perfectly with bacon in this case too.  Comes five in an order.

* Boquerones (White Anchovies) "Toasted French bread with a spicy aioli topped with sweet white anchovies and balsamic reduction sauce." ($5.50) - Anchovies were something we enjoyed everyday when we were in Spain, but we didn't know what took so long for this one order to come out.  The bread could have been toasted just a bit longer.  

* Lomo a la parrilla (Petite Filet) "Mashed potato, mushroom and Merlot sauce." ($8.50) - Our final order, which we put in at the last minute.  It took a bit too long, and the waiter did come by to say it was coming out soon.  (It still took longer after that.  I can only assume that our order got stuck behind the larger parties that had come in after us.)  Another one of those dishes I ordered based on raving reviews, and sadly, it did disappoint.  We ordered it rare and although the center was pink, the outside was grilled a bit too long and thus hard.  

We were impressed by how busy it got for a weekday night - and Barcelona Tapas & Bar does cater to families with plenty of large tables, high chairs, and a diaper changing station in the restroom.  Right now they are offering an introductory and temporary offer where kids eat free on Sundays through Tuesdays from 4 pm to 8 pm, for those 10 and under only and with a purchase of an adult entree.

Service was okay - we asked our waitress for another set of silverware and she completely forgot about it.  (Immediately after we asked her, she went to sit a  party that arrived and never came back.)  We also had to ask for our beverages to be refilled.  The man who sat us did ask us how we had heard about them.  We also noticed the chef come by our table four different times to look at what we were eating, but never actually said anything to us.  

Specials include:
Mondays: Half off bottles of wine.
Tuesdays: Half off their homemade Sangria.
Wednesdays: Half off Martinis.
Thursdays: Half off Mojitos.
Fridays: Half off all their tapas from 4 pm to 6 pm
Saturdays: Ladies Night with Half off all House drinks, wines and beer from 10 pm to 12 am.  Live music.
Karaoke everyday (except Fridays and Saturdays) and tapas are half off after 10 pm.

According to their website, they are open for lunch now - but their opening hours are still posted as opening at 4 pm.

There are coupons everywhere for them - restaurant.com, local newspaper, and online.
Me and my hubby have been here a few times and we haven't been disappointed.  The steamed clams are my favorite!  Remember to order extra bread in order to soak up the sauce.  It's to die for!
Was told by friends to try Barcelona Tapas & Bar and I owe them one.  Matt was are server and I just said to him bring us what you do well and the treats just kept coming.  Stuffed dates are amazing.  Go and enjoy.
A great tapas bar with many menu choices. I actually went down to Southern Highlands for Uncle Al's hot dogs, but to my dismay, the place was closed. Not sure if Closed down or closed, but I didn't see any food in the place (ketchup, mustard, etc).

So, I ended up at Barcelona. Let me tell you, I was pleasantly surprised with the food, service and "drank." Let's break this down into categories. 

Food:
Pan Fried Dates - Excellent and highly recommended. For those that have been to Firefly's, they are essentially the same. Bacon wrapped dates, with Blue Cheese. 

Sliders - Sliders come as 2 mini burgers and are just fine. Of course, I always say you can't ruin a burger that much when they are so simple. 

Abodingos (sp?) AKA Meatballs - Tasty little guys come in a marinara like sauce with lots of cheese. 

Empanadas - There are two types to choose from. I had the chicken, but the alternative is Pork. Chicken was chosen because my friend doesn't eat pork. However, the chicken empanadas were excellent.

Fruit Parfait - The parfait was sweet and tasty. Raspberry, Strawberry and blueberries, with whip cream and a sweet yogurt like mixture. 

Sangria - Thursday night is 1/2 off Sangria night. This means it's $3 per glass. Not too shabby and a good sized glass too. 

Atmosphere:
I have mixed feelings on the atmosphere. Walls were great, but the tables were a bit small for me and I am only 6'2". My knees hit the top of the tables. However, there were booths that looked like they had more room. It was a Lakers game night so it was rowdy because we were the only Lakers fans in the place. Every else was for Boston. :-( 

Service:
Food was fast, and service was excellent. It was more personal then most places. Waiter recommended, talked about the game, chit chatted and more. 



 Pan frie dates. Sliders. Meatballs. Parfait for dessert. Empanadas. Full bar, somewhat interesting atmosphere.
Tried to find this place for half an hour!  Even after entering the address into the GPS, we were still lost.  After taking several different routes, we eventually arrived and sat down to enjoy the following items:

Sangria, ravioli, meatballs, shrimp skewers, beef skewers and garlic shrimp. Everything was decent.  The owner and waitress returned repeatedly to see if we had enough food.  They were about to close but didn't rush us and made sure we had a pleasurable dining experience.
Attended the World Cup finals at Barcelona Tapas & Bar on Sunday and had a BLAST!  They offered their full menu, which is extensive.  We had both the red and white sangria and both were the best I've tasted yet.  Not too sweet and  very refreshing.

We were a table of 10 and just kept ordering & sharing.  The lamb sausage was soooo good and surprisingly spicy; potatas bravas (sp?) were very nice with a oregano and a hint of mint; pan-fried dates were such a party in my mouth - they were wrapped in bacon & topped with a bit of blue cheese; both the chicken and pork empanadas we cooked beautifully but I have to admit I preferred the pork; sauteed mushrooms were very flavorful and again cooked perfectly; the shrimp skewers had a tasty but not too spicy seasoning; and I wanted to keep slurping the steamed mussels broth!  We finished everything off with bananas foster and I was again very pleased with the balance of flavors.

I was very impressed with the quality of the food, especially considering they were literally packed wall-to-wall with futbal fans (go Spain!).  Service was very good - I don't how they kept up! The layers of flavors were balanced nicely and the seasonings perfectly complemented each dish without overpowering it.  I was also impressed that they didn't over salt their dishes so the true flavors came out.

Bravo Barcelona!  We'll see you again I'm sure :-)
There's something about Tapas... I can't get over it. 

I decided to give my fave Firefly a break and give Barcelona a try. I came in with low expectations thinking that nothing could ever come close to Firefly's amazing-ness... haha but I was wrong! This place did not disappoint at all. There was no wait, the waiters were extremely friendly, and the food was delicious. 

When we went, it was pretty quiet, laid back...not really any music playing or any large crowds getting their drank on haha.. Seems like a good Tapas bar for a spot to have an intimate date or small get together to catch up with your friends... 

There was some signs for half off ALL TAPAS on Sundays and Mondays from 8-10pm (such a BOMBBB deal)... and different types of drink/food deals every night. I don't really remember what they were exactly, but if you're a local DEFINITELY check it out! 

I'm sure this place can get crazyyy so I'm lookin forward to coming back during their speciallssssssssss. 

Recommendations: 
Shrimp a la Diabla- if you're into spicy, tangy sauce 
Bruschetta- different from the usual Italian basil flavored bruschetta... lots of olives, feta, tomato 
Surf and Turf- Skewer combo with steak, shrimp in a green sauce, and chorizo... comes with yummy mashed potatoes 

Go to their website for a coupon for 10% off! 
http://www.citycoups.com/barcelonatapasbarcoupon.html
We LOVE tapas, and we heard about this place.  Since My wife and I had a restaurant.com gift cert we decided to try it out. The food was great but the service lacked a bit. Here's the breakdown of our meal.

Fried goat cheese--soooo yummy, the balsamic reduction was a great touch

Sliders w/ chipotle aioli and fries -- very flavorful, tender ground beef, well seasoned. The fries are amazing!!

Eggplant canneloni -- my wife chose this because she loves eggplant. She says it was top notch--I liked it, but eggplant is simply not my cup of tea.

Surf and turf -- 3 skewers of shrimp, steak and chorizo. We both really enjoyed this.

House salad -- light and refreshing.

And the best part of the experience??? The deep fried chocolate tres leches a la mode -- simply amazing.

The food was five stars, but the service was a bit slow, and the initial greeting took awhile. Aside from that, we highly recommend Barcelona.
After looking at homes yesterday within the vicinity, we were starving. We initially wanted to go to "off the strip" but it was a 20 mins wait. The chef/owner was super nice there but we just couldn't wait...STARVING.  So we walked to Barcelona. First thing first, the brioches w 2types  of spread, spicy refried beans and the most insane butter spread. So flavorful!  Maybe because we were so hungry?  Nope, I tried it again after I was semi-full, and still at awe by it. Yum yum yum. Here are the things we ordered: 
-red sangria (yum and fruity, I was so peenk!!! Asian genes *_*)
-clams (fresh and have lots of flavor, w chunks oh goat cheese)
-Barcelona fries (ok, I like the firefly version better)
-sliders (very tasty, and it came w fries, if only I knew, I wouldn't have ordered the full order of fries. Was too much)

food: 4*
service: 5*

yay to Barcelona!
Quickie review for a quick bite. Stopped in to give it a try as we'll be moving to the neighborhood very soon. Our waiter was very friendly and the restaurant is a neat little spot with nice decor in the Smith's shopping center.

Started with the deep fried goat cheese balls that were really good, definitely recommended! Had the surf & turf skewers which were a bit on the overdone side but still had a pretty good flavor. We also had the stuffed red peppers which were very tasty as well. Just a quick sampling but we'll definitely be back.

The only comparison there would be to make here locally would be Firefly and honestly we prefer it for several reasons. The prices on the dishes are more reasonable at FF and they're a bit overpriced at Barcelona for what you're getting. Also, the flavors are just a little more refined at Firefly and their sauces are right on the money where Barcelona needs a little more practice.

If it sounds like we weren't happy that's far from the case. Barcelona gets 4 stars because we did enjoy what we had and we'll definitely be back. I hope they grow a little bit in terms of making some slight changes to recipes and their menu but overall a good foundation has been layed. Now it just comes down to lowering their steep prices a bit.

Edited to add I forgot to mention the great customer service we had! Our waiter was very friendly and also very helpful when making suggestions as what to order.
We found a coupon for this restaurant in the 89113 booklet and decided to try it since we had a great experience at the FireFly and another tapas restaurant at the Aria.
Although the restaurant had a nice atmosphere with 3-4 flat screens, the music was too loud.
We ordered the tuna tartar which was mixed with too much mayo but the chips were wonderful; the shrimp cerviche, which the shrimp was too tough and the chips weren't that great; the eggplant cannelloni, which was too salty; and 3 skewers with a yummy sausage, a tasteless steak and an overcooked shrimp.  
Waiter was okay; the waterboy or the person that kept our drinks filled was very customer service oriented.
Will we be back?....No
Amazing tapas! We go in frequently for dinner and the staff is always happy to see us, friendly and attentive. The food is wonderful. Very fresh, and homemade. Go, you will not regret it!
I'm not sure why they call themselves barcelona, not very authetic spanish cooking. but the tapas are good. they could have a bigger selection of tapas. service was excelant. check them out on half price night!!! And try the Sangrias, free samples are available...
Three stars/Four Stars.  I think it might vary, but I like to give the upper edge on this one.  Off in Southern Highlands, it's nice to have a tapas bar somewhere near Henderson which got me excited.  The service is pretty responsive, and the decor isn't shabby.  

The few things I tried here were the butternut squash soup which is delicious by the way, baked cheese, barcelona fries, lamb chops, and sliders.  I'm not sure why, but it didn't give me the satisfaction of being full.  The price is decent, but I think for the price, I would go to Firefly's.  I do like the friendly staff, and it's nice to have a place around this area to try out.
Tapas Bar in the suburbs (ie. strip mall) with quite an extensive menu. Great options for vegetarians, omnivores and carnivores alike. Not too vegan friendly due to the excessive cheese factor in the menu. The decor reminded me of country bars/sandwich places in Texas so I didn't really get the Spanish vibe. I thought the prices were a little high ($5.50 to $6) for most tapas vegetarian items...rather small portions. 

The items I sampled:

1. Fried Goat Cheese ($6.50) - 4 panko crusted goat cheese balls deep fried and drizzled with honey balsamic. These balls tasted excellent. But I thought $6.50 for a small bite was a little outrageous

2. Potatoes Bravas ($6) - Tasted pretty bad. I don't know how to describe it except that it was a serious letdown. $6 for a small portion of baked potatoes? I don't think so....

3. Raviolis ($5.50) - Cheese medallion raviolis in a creamy tomato sauce. The sauce was excellent. But the raviolis (4 in an order) were undercooked

4. Vegetable Empanada ($5) - 2 empanadas with a bean, corn, mushroom filling served with more beans and corn and a tomato based sauce. The pastry was flaky, the filling tasty and the entire combination a rousing success!

5. Stuffed Piquillo Peppers ($7.50) - 3 peppers with goat cheese and beans and corns served in a tomato sauce. Tasty but definitely overpriced.

We had  pitchers of Mojitos that I felt were way too sweet. 

We were there as a group of 12 for a birthday. Edgar, the owner was very accommodating and helped us with the table arrangements as well as the cake cutting. The rest of the wait staff...oh gosh. It was a travesty. Water glasses were never filled, our orders were totally ignored for the longest time, drink orders were messed up, we got pork Empanadas to the table twice even though we explicitly told the waitstaff we were vegetarian multiple times and had ordered vegetable Empanadas. Just dismal service. They did make accomodations on the check and acknowledged the awful service but I'd rather have had water to drink with my meal than pay a few dollars less. 

These guys need to reduce prices and buck up on service before I'm tempted to try them again. 2.5 stars rounded up to 3.
went in on a wednesday night around 8pm. got seated right away and had Matt as our server. (he was great. very nice and recommended one of our desserts that we loved.) the free bread, spicy butter, and hummus they give you are very tasty but do not fill up on them. the tapas were delicious. the fried calamari was some of the best i had in vegas, the lamp chops melted in my mouth, and the stuffed peppers were just what i was craving. the desserts we got were the chocolate tres leches a la mode and the empanada. both amazing. Matt told us about the seasonal specials they will be having weekly and i know my boyfriend and i will be returning asap.
I've lived in Vegas for a year now, and just down the street is quite a few restaurants that I've been wanting to try.  Barcelona Tapas & Bar is one of them.
Finally last night my husband and I decided to go and try it before our move to London next month.
I was not impressed!
The only thing good about this place was our server. A very tall and handsome guy with a lot of enthusiasm!  I believe he may of been the owner.
When we walked in the ambiance of the place was just 'Meh' and it took a few moments before anyone even acknowledged that we were even there. 
Our table was at one of the bar 'booths' which was uncomfortable and the table was so short that we couldn't even cross our legs.  We had to sit next to each other, not across from each other, because one side of the booth was a booth like seat and the other side of the table were these short little bar type stools with no backs.  Very uncomfortable!
The food was OK, not wonderful, but just OK. Although I must say that the
 Pan Fried Dates................................$ 5.50 
(Pitted dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in bacon with merlot reduction and sprinkled with blue cheese crumbles.) were VERY yummy!!  But everything else, I'm sorry to say, was just not very good.
I've had better!
The House Made Sangria was delicious though! I would recommend a pitcher of that any time. Half off pitchers and certain foods are at Happy Hour (Monday-Friday's from 4pm-7pm).
So I'm sorry to say that I'm only giving this place a 2 star rating because I agree that it is just that;  Meh.  I've experienced better!
ive been here twice and have been disappointed both times. its nice that its just down the street in southern highlands but not even worth it at all.
the decor of theplace at least is cute. lots of spanish style memorabilias. but the food was just not up to par. 
 
the albondigas (meatballs) were so dry and the marinara sauce was not even good enough to dip it in.
their signature barcelona fries were old. not crispy and fresh at all.
the stuffed ushrooms were acceptable. the stuffed dates were extremely oily, but then again all their dishes seemed to be oily. 
the place has a good vibe and atmosphere. it just needs better cooks and chefs because the food seriously needs improvement.
I discovered Barcelona Tapas & Bar while going through those 80 percent-off offers at Restaurant.com. Given its way-out-of-the-way location, I'd likely have otherwise not heard of it. After a few months of the $25 certificate sitting in our kitchen drawer, my girlfriend and I finally decided to make the trek out to Southern Highlands to check out this tapas joint. 

I was nervous at first; the Yelp! reviews were not encouraging. Everyone was basically saying the service was terrible, the place was too loud, and the food paled in comparison to Firefly (a favorite), especially for the price. But we gave it a go anyway, and ...

I'm glad we did.

We went on a Friday night, which you'd expect to be a super-busy time, but it wasn't. Aside from one big party seated near the bar, the remaining booths were only half-occupied. We were greeted by the server/host immediately upon entering, and seated right away. He got our drink orders in before we even had to open the menus. Throughout our meal, we had servers constantly checking in on us, refilling water, etc. So, for us, the service was super.

The food? Pretty good in general. The patatas bravas were tasty, though could have been a hair spicier. The tortilla espanola was very satisfying, a thick, fluffy omelet that -- I hate to compare -- puts Firefly's to shame. I assume my girl enjoyed her manchego mac & cheese, because she ate it all. Even the toasted bread served with the meal (accompanied by a garbanzo bean dip and garlic cheese butter) was good. 

The only thing that was not awesome was the tuna tartare. While it was inspired to serve it with tostada chips (that almost tasted like wontons!), the tuna was bland, even with accompanying pineapple cubes.

But that's the great thing about tapas -- you try a bunch of things, and some hit, some miss.

The red sangria we had was also very good. Not too sweet, not too strong, a good mix of wine and fruit. Someone else here thought it was too sweet. Maybe they had the white? We'll have to try next time.

I don't know how soon we'll be back based solely on Barcelona's location (although we made it a date night with a movie at Southpoint, which was only about five minutes from there), but we'd definitely recommend anyone in the area try it. And if you go to their website, you can get $25 in dining for only $10. You can get better deals on sites like Restaurant.com, but Barcelona's in-house coupon has fewer restrictions on use.
This local tapas bar, emphasis on bar, is located near the South Point on Southern Highlands Parkway.  We were started off with a plate of grilled bread, hummus and an addictive, though spicy, garlic cream cheese spread (2.5 Forks).  Our first order was pan fried dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in bacon with a wine reduction sauce and blue cheese (3.5) and quesa fundido, baked cheese in a roasted pepper and tomato sauce (2.5).  We then shared an entre of paella which was mediocre due to the absence of saffron, a good seafood broth and chorizo (2).  We concluded the meal by sharing a delicious flan (4).
I have been to this place three times now.  The first time- it just opened and they did not have their alcohol in stock yet.  But the waiters were very enthusiastic and of course wanted our business so they even offered that we can bring in a bottle of wine and drink it with our foods.  
We were already kinda tipsy so we just opt for the food.  It tasted good then but almost anything is good after "drinking".

The second time I was here I was with someone who did not eat certain foods and I was kinda full to begin with.  So we shared the EMPANADA.  From what I could remembert...it was not memorable.

This time...I wanted to give it one more shot.  I brought my son with me this time hoping he would like it and he would be able to give me honest  "TASTE BUDS OPINIONS"

We got there before dinner rush and there was only one couple in the whole place.  The host/waiter dude was in the back.  Maybe he did not hear us but maybe there should be a bell or something to let him know there are customers.  I had to go towards the back to find him and ask if we should sit ourselves.  

We chose a booth which the bench was lower than the table.  (just an observation)  My son had to get our menus since no one was really helping us. 

So on the quickness for your reading...

Waiter- not very talkative, ok for attentiveness, easy on the eyes but not warm.
Atmosphere- the walls were black and ok "so-called Spanish" decorations.  Lots of TV's and there was a full bar. 
*House Salad- too vinegary, the sliced apples tasted as if they used an apple that was old
*Calamari-bland, needed salt and seemed rushed out of the fryer since the batter was not fully crisp.  But at least the tentacles were there.  
*Son's Sliders- he was sad there was no cheese (LOL).  My son was not too happy and said he'd rather have McDo's.  So I had to take a bite since most kids would rather have McDo's.  The burger was dry and tasted like ground beef with the Lipton Onion Soup Mix.  He actually said he'd rather have home-made burgers.  hahahhaha
and the french fries that came with it...he said it's like those fries you get in a can....bwahahahaha.
*Some sliced Steak thingy with mashed potatoes.  It was not hard and chewy but it was very salty.  
My son even tried to dip his dry-ass burger in the sauce of the steak...but  it did not help. 
***White Sangria-tasted just like cheap white wine with diced apple in it.  (To make good Sangria...it must be made overnight and have the flavors marry each other)-NO I will not share my special recipe which I promise will beat the SANGRIA @ CHA CHA CHA'S in the Haight in San Francisco.  I assure you that. 

Anyways....I think this place is only staying in business because of the full bar and all the promos they run.  

I THINK....they should close the place and I can take over running it as a Filipinasian Karaoke Bar and Restaurant....
Whadda you think?????
SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS  need some new flavor and some excitement.

-Firefly is and will be better....sorry Barcelona.
I've been wanting to try Barcelona for a long time, we finally got a group together and made our way there. Staff was friendly and efficient even with our large group. The restaurant is small and intimate.
We missed happy hour:( But we had a 20% off coupon from a mailer. 
Started with a Blood Orange martini...it was delicious, while looking over the menu we were brought complementary toast with hummus and a sweet butter spread.
We decided to share steak skewers, mac and cheese, and ham and cheese croquets. The steak was yummy, well seasoned and done medium as we had asked a small scoop of mashed potatoes was included, they were a little runny and needed salt but edible with the steak, the mac and cheese was lacking bacon which the menu says is blended in side, we didn't see or taste any bacon. The ham and cheese croquets looked good and weren't greasy but were flavorless, again I added salt. My friend had a few different items than we did and agreed the food needed more seasoning. Everyone raved about the bacon wrapped dates.
We skipped dessert because our friend had brought along cake to celebrate her husbands birthday.
I'm glad I got to go and take this restaurant off my list of places to try, I doubt I'll go back, I'd rather go to Firefly for tapas (5 stars).
Great sangria...tapas menu has a lot of variety...make sure to check out the coupon on their website, $25 off my meal
Barcelona Tapas is conveniently located down the street from my house so its great to go to when I am jonesing for some good food but don't feel like making the trek to the Strip and surrounding areas.

The atmosphere is fun, dark, and decorative.
The staff is usually excellent (If you come late and sit at the bar...Edgar the owner will come out and chill with you. He is awesome and so much fun to talk to (Last time I was there we talked about how tasty food is like porn for the mouth).
The food overall is wonderful...I highly recommend the following:
-pan fried dates wrapped in bacon with a red wine reduction and blue cheese crumbles
-beef carpaccio with truffle oil
-the lamb
-empanadas (I prefer the chicken)
-bananas foster crepe
-sangria (red)
-mango mojito

They have wonderful happy hour specials as well (half off sangria on Tuesday...I think). Its a wonderful place to take a date or a small group of people....its also kid friendly.
After reading the other reviews on yelp, I was a little skeptical of trying this place, only because people mention bad service, and that's my biggest pet peeve. But after passing it a few times, Yelp reviewers couldn't stop me, and I decided I had to make up my own mind. 

So, my man and I came here on a Thursday date night, and had a WONDERFUL time!! Got here around 6ish, and were seated right away. The server was friendly and gave us lots of tips on the most popular items. Everything is like 3 bites, so we decided to go big and order a bunch of things.

Beef Carpacio - DELICIOUS! Great flavor!
Boquerones - My man is spanish and loves anchovies. I was VERY hesitant to try this, but it was AMAZING. He didn't like the balsamic drizzle, but I did... not "fishy" at all and one of the best dishes
Tortilla Espanola - It was just alright. Being from Spain, I think my man judges a little harshly, but I've had better than this too. It didn't stop us from eating all of it though :)
Steamed Mussels - So good. The broth was amazing, and so flavorful. We ate all of this in a hurry.
Garlic Shrimp - Just what you would expect. Really good. Lots of garlic in a good way.
Croquetas - There was supposed to be serrano ham in here, but we couldn't really taste it. Nonetheless, it was really good. Crispy outside, and really cheesy/potatoey goodness on the inside.

After ordering all of this, and devouring it cause it was amazing, our server sent out a complimentary chicken cake :) 

Oh, and it was national chocolate cake day, so I decided to get to Chocolate Tres Leches, and it was rich and sweet, and just what I needed to end dinner with. My man got the flan, and it was also really good!! 

When we got ready to leave, the place had really filled up. And I noticed they only had 1 server and 1 helper for the whole place! So since we got there before the rush, our server had time to serve us properly, but now that he had 10+ tables, I can see where the bad reviews came from. I suggest that the management get another server cause the food is great!!

We will definitely be back. To top it off, they have a coupon on their website! You should definitely utilize this, cause our bill was only $50+tip after it was all said and done! Total score!
Barcelona Tapas Bar is in the Smith's business plaza right off of Decatur and Somerset Hills.  They have a very convenient website you can visit for their on-line menu:  www.barcelonatapas-bar.com.  They have booth seating, smaller tables by the bar, and separate bar seating.  We were greeted and seated very fast.  We were seated next to the bar.  The seating over there is a little cramped and the tables are shorter.  If you are tall or would like a little privacy I would recommend sitting in the normal sized booths away from the bar.  Our server was just friendly enough.  We may have caught him towards the end of his shift.  Our server was different after we had made our initial orders.  Our second server was extremely friendly and our drinks were always topped off.  We had gone on a Sunday which currently is 50% of all tapas.  They were packed but, the orders still came out pretty fast. We had ordered:

Chicken Empanadas
Pan Fried Dates
Stuffed Mushrooms
Calamares Fritos
Merguez Lamb Sausage
Croquetas

The dishes were standard tapas size.  I definitely recommend the Croquetas and the Pan Fried Dates!  The only thing I would say I wasn't a really big fan of was the stuffed Mushrooms.  The Croquetas were filled with Serrano ham, Manchengo cheese, and Parmesan cheese.  They were delicious.  And the Pan Fried Dates consist of pitted dates stuffed with almonds wrapped in bacon with Merlot reduction and sprinkled with blue cheese.  You only get 5 of them so eat them slowly and enjoy.  I am going to give this place 3 out of 5 stars.  Our initial welcome felt a little off and I felt like the seating by the bar felt a little boot leg.  However, this place has awesome food and service when you get your food is so friendly!
We headed here for dinner the other night because we had a restaurant.com gift certificate. For the food and service, it deserves 1 star. But since the space itself is nice and the happy hour deals are good, I'll bump it to 2 stars.

When we arrived, there was exactly one host / bartender / server - and he may have even been doing some cooking too. So needless to say, service was incredibly slow (despite there only being two other tables of people). And to make it worse, he reminded me of a used car salesman - extremely pushy about getting you to order certain dishes. The table next to us was a mom and young daughter. The mom declined dessert, but the server then proceeded to tell the little girl about the bananas foster crepes and that she must want those. It was all very uncomfortable. (And the same thing happened to us with the one special of the day that he described to us.)

The good thing here is the happy hour deals. When we went, all mojitos were 1/2 half and all seafood and meat tapas were 1/2 off. And that is a great deal. Unfortunately, the mojitos and tapas were downright awful.

We had a mango mojito and blood orange mojito. Neither of us could even stand to drink them. They were very obviously made with a powder mix - and you could see and taste the powder. Ick, icky, ick.

We ordered a a variety of tapas - the special of the day (red peppers with capers and feta), mac 'n' cheese with bacon, tortilla a la espanola, fried dates, etc. We were both incredibly hungry, but we didn't finish any of the dishes. Not only were they disappointing, they were just plain bad.

The mac 'n' cheese was dried out, had little to no flavor, and practically no bacon. The tortilla espanola was very dried out and way overcooked. These are two tapas that are standard favs of mine at any tapas place, but complete failures here. 

We literally left the food half-eaten on the table and went to another restaurant in the same shopping center.
I live down the street and have to say I really enjoy this place. I've never had a bad meal here. They have some great dishes and its priced right.
I've been to Barcelona a couple times. Once with my mother when she was in town and a couple times with the sig other. I was skeptical it could be any better than firefly, but its in comparisons in many aspects. Obviously the location is out of the way for most people in the metro (really only about 10-12 mins from the strip area), but it's 2 mins away from my house, so when we're in the mood for some tapas and a few glasses of sangria this is my/our spot.

I learned about pan fried dates a couple years ago at the aforementioned competitor, and in my opinion they are just as good or probably better at Barcelona. They definitely came out faster at Barcelona, probably because they're not normally as busy. All of the other food that we've chosen have been pretty good as well. My girl got the empanadas one time, and she said they were just ok. 
We love the bread and fixins they bring out with the waters.
The service has been above average-really good every time we've been. And from what I read, I need to check out the website for the specials.
Pretty tough to beat the prices and location for me. My experiences here have been above average so I have to give them a solid 4 stars.
We'll definitely be back for some sliders, fries, mac and cheese, and dates!
This place is great! I cant eat big meals, so being able to taste many small tapas was great! Some of our favorites were the raviolis, surf and turf, and queso. We also split the red sangria, wow, yummy! 

The best is they always have happy hour from 4-7 daily. What more could you ask for! We will def go back again, very soon!!
This a great neighborhood restaurant.  The food is always excellent and the drinks are strong as well.  The only thing I would add to the reviews is to consider the sauce that some of the dishes might be in.  You may want to ask for "light sauce" since some dishes (i.e. mushrooms) tend to be soaked in it.  I usually ask and they comply.

As for the service, it is usually pretty good. I don't know if they have had some turnover recently, but I notice some new faces working there.  But the owner/manager is a really nice guy and does a great job making tasy dishes.

I'd like to point out they have some awesome deals - 4-7pm everyday I believe the tapas at 1/2 off.  At 7pm, it flips and drinks become 1/2 off.  The 1/2 off times definitely make this place a much better deal.  I wouldn't miss it if you live in the South/Southwest Vegas area!
I have eaten here twice.  The first time, I went to take advantage of the half off tapas on a Sunday after 8 PM.  I tried the pan fried dates, mac & cheese, butternut squash soup, and the baked cheese.  The mixture of the cream cheese and goat cheese in the baked cheese was a little too overwhelming, so we didn't continue eating it and it was thankfully removed from our bill.  The pan fried dates were pretty much the same as the stuffed dates from Firefly, which is fine by me.  The mac & cheese is better than the one served at Firefly in my opinion and the butternut squash soup was tasty as well.  We ended the meal with the bananas foster dessert and it was A-MAZING.  I'm not even usually a "banana dessert" person, but this was awesome.  The service was great, but we were one of the only groups in the restaurant that night.

The second time I went was on a Saturday night.  It was much more crowded, which was good to see since I wasn't very sure how this place stayed in business based on the volume I saw the first time. Again, I had the pan fried dates and mac & cheese, which were still delicious.  I also tried the sliders and was very satisfied.  For dessert, I had the sweet empanada, which reminded me a lot of a Cuban dessert called pasteles de guayaba.  Overall, both experiences were good ones, but it's also nothing special.  Just glad to have a decent tapas restaurant nearby that's not as trendy and packed as Firefly!
Great tapas restaurant!  We especially love: bacon wrapped dates, eggplant cannelloni, lamb chops, spinach salad, sausage, and mushrooms.  Each time we go, we try to get something new to try and we have yet to be disappointed.  The service is average - orders are taken on time, food is promptly delivered and is correct, and check comes at appropriate time - but the service lacks personality and friendliness.  The owner/manager does come around and he is upbeat and friendly, but his wait staff could improve in that area.  We eat there pretty often and most servers would already know us by name, but not here.  Not a big deal, though.  This is a fun place to go with your entire family, just the girls, just the guys, with a big group, or on a date night.  There is a kids menu and kids high-chairs if needed.  Be sure to stop in when it's 50% off food or 50% off drinks.
It is wonderful that they have the tapas happy hour from 4-7.  I especially enjoy the stuffed peppers with black beans and corn sauce.  I am not too impress with their wine selection but you can't beat the half price wine special after 7pm.  The live band is pretty entertaining on Friday but it would be exceptional if they had more of a Cuban flavor.  Overall its a great neighborhood hangout and Melissa the bartender is extremely friendly and outgoing.  Try their cheese plate it's nice with the wine.
I took my best friend here for some much needed sustenance . It was Friday night and it was packed...the wait was about 30 min. Edgar, the owner, totally hooked us up with a booth after only waiting for 10 min (he's such a good guy). 

My friends and I decided on the usual favorites and some new things that I hadn't explored yet...but I am so glad I did. 

Pan fried dates- pretty much a staple of any Barcelona visit
Beef carpaccio- the fried scallions and balsamic reduction make this one a winner 
Pork empenadas- kinda heavy for me but I don't think I was really in the mood for fried food
BBQ ribs- I was impressed. The sauce was flavorful but not overpowering, the pineapple chunks went well with the sauce and the meat practically fell off the bone. Will definitely order that again.
Spicy shrimp- this was one of my favorite new finds on the menu. The sauce was sweet and hot (think Thai chili sauce), the shrimp was succulent and it went great with bread (huge plus in my book). 

My friends and I enjoyed our meal immensely and will be back soon. Thank you Edgar :)
I'm torn on this one.

We started out with one waiter who took our order and completely disappeared. Eventually another waiter took over and he was a sweetheart. Very attentive and called us "my friends" every chance he got.

I had a white wine sangria which was pretty low on alcohol. I had 2 of them and didn't even have a buzz.

In regards to food, everything was just so-so. The stuffed dates were delcious, as was the complimentary bread with hummus and mystery spread. What IS that stuff? Whatever it was, it was addictive.

Albondigas were okay, but they were served with a marinara sauce which I've never seen in a Spanish restaurant or on this type of dish. The chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms were served the same way. They had a mealy texture, as I believe the meat was finely ground or shredded. Weird.

The fried goat cheese was WAY too rich. It could have used more honey or balsamic to offset the cheese.

Macaroni and cheese was bland and unimpressive.

I'd highly recommend the surf and turf platter with shrimp, chorizo and steak. It was served with some amazing mashed potatoes and covered in a chimichurri that was delicious.

All in all, I'll definitely be back because tapas can be hit or miss and there's a ton more stuff to try.
The greatest Tapas in Las Vegas, go somewhere else and sample ok tapas but Barcelona sets the standard! But that's not all, the service and atmosphere make this place a great experience!! If your looking for a place filled with top ten muzak, bad service and fried bar food this is not the place for you.
Okay, I live walking distance from this place but I would drive to go to it like any other restaurant in town. I really like this place and it is reasonably priced for some really good food.

I have to give props to the Diablo shrimp which is off the hook. Seriously, this is an amazing dish and it really isn't as hot as the name implies. Did I mention it was amazing?

For the most part this is a really good restaurant and they work to get everything dialed in. I've eaten here a number of times and have never had a bad experience. If you're not used to tapas don't be afraid to ask questions and experiment a little.

Happy Eating
Yum! Dinner salad, stuffed dates, baked cheese, spicy shrimp, sliders, Mac & cheese, chicken skewers, steak skewers, mashed potatoes, roasted peppers. Super good and great service!
I am super happy that there is a Tapas restaurant near my neighborhood that I can go to anytime to enjoy some small plates and a pitcher of sangria with either my boyfriend or a small group of friends.  The restaurant is also a bar so I can even get my alcohol fix at the same time if I feel the sangria isn't cutting it.

Here are my favorite plates there:
The FREE bread they serve at the beginning: it's warm and toasted when it comes out, and the orange butter (not sure of the flavor) is super yummy.  I think I can come here and eat just the bread and I'll be content
Pan Fried Dates: this is a salty/sweet delight and is definitely a must try for any Tapas first timers
Mac n Cheese: it has fun shells! And just the right amount of cheese.  This is a good carb to eat with all the small plates!
Mar y Monte (Surf n Turf): my favorite part about this dish is actually the sausage and the mash potatoes.  Also, the meat is cooked medium so its tasteful
Diabla Shrimp: good and spicy too!
Ham and Cheese Croquets: yum!
Sliders: These are super good and not really a small plate!

The so-so:
Empanadas: I've only tried once; thought it was OK
Egg-plant Cannelloni: The egg plant is yum, but the rest of it is too salty
Sangria: it does the job, but the fruit could be marinated in there; so they make it a little different here.  But I'll still order it for sure!

I have  yet to try the dessert and the rest of the huge menu!  I'll be back for sure!
This is one of those reviews that I've had a very hard time writing about because I don't think anything I say will do justice to how much of a good time I had here. 

We showed up for happy hour half off drink and food specials and were seated right away. We must have come at a good time because we really didn't wait long for anything. However, I would say that a great deal of credit should also be given to our server, Marco. He was funny, engaging, and (most importantly) very attentive! 

First, and most importantly: the drinks were deceiving delicious in the sense that they were so tasty that I inhaled three glasses without hesitation only to find that I was pretty ridiculously drunk. The red sangria (arguably the only true sangria) was refreshing and light without being overly sweet or disrespectful to the essence of sangria. We had two pitchers. We also had a pitcher of mojito, which was just as refreshing and tasty (though I favored the sangria). For kicks, I tried a glass of white sangria to Marco's and my husband's chagrin, and while it was delicious, it was nowhere near as awesome as the red (which I refused to admit until now). 

Second most importantly: the food. Delicious. I read a few reviews prior to visiting and was worried about the menu until I realized that the issues were mostly with the marinara sauce dishes and I had no interest in them to begin with. Worries gone! 

Anyway, the food was fantastic. We actually viewed the menu ahead of time and wrote out a list of the items we wanted to eat (for a group of 5). After the first round, we narrowed down to those we wanted seconds of and, voila, we were full and drunk! 

We had:

- Bread Course (complimentary): I think we had a cannelini and honey almond spread. Both were such a great start, but that butter was lardy crack, I swear! I wanted to spread it on everything and make the world a happier place with it. 

- Calamari: Good portion and tasty sauce. I'm partial to the battered calamari over the breaded variety so I was a happy camper. 

- Tortilla Espanola: I know it's just egg and potato, but it's really easy to eff this up. I think it was cooked perfectly (and it got "pretty close" remarks from my husband, the guy who thinks all tapas places not in Spain can't get it right).

- Chicken and Mushroom Soup: Not my call. Soup with sangria? What kind of nut orders that? My sister, that's who. But the soup was good!

- Bacon-Wrapped Dates: Standard fare done well here. We got seconds. 

- Manchego Mac and Cheese: I swoon for cheesy goodness and everyone gobbled theirs up, but I couldn't get seconds because everyone else does not have the same dairy love that I do. 

- Patatas Bravas: Okay, you know how when you eat out and something's supposed to be spicy but, usually, it really isn't? That is not the case. I love heat, but even I caught myself saying, "WOO!" and gulping down sangria. We for sure got seconds!

- Escargot: The sauce, the snails, the veggies... they were soppingly good. The toasted bread was the perfect accompaniment and we all found ourselves wiping the plate clean so as to not waste that delectable sauce. Seconds? Yes!

- Beef Carpaccio: It was dressed so well with the fried onions, balsamic sauce, and cheese. Hell yeah we got seconds! 

- Garlic Shrimp: We got seconds, first, because it only comes in a set of three and we had five people. Secondly, garlic butter sauce, man! 

- Petit Filet: It was like a mini meal of perfectly cooked steak and mashed potatoes. We got seconds. 

- Chocolate Tres Leches: I WANTED to get seconds! 

- Bananas Foster: Thank you, Marco, for this treat! What a satisfying end to such a fulfilling meal! 

All this fun and gorging came out to about $40-$50 a person with tax and tip thanks to the magic that is Happy Hour. 

The only downside is that, for a non-local who comes in from LA, it's a trek to get out here, but sometimes one should venture away from the main haunts. Can't wait to resume the madness!
Our family just had dinner there and it was terrific. 
 
We had a chance to meet the owner and he was so gracious. The food was amazing. We went during happy hour and saved half off our bill. The best tapas we tasted were the manchego and serrano cheese platter, the beef sliders, the pan fried dates wrapped in bacon, and the wonderful, tasty desserts...chocolate tres leche and a banana foster's which was to die for. Overall, this restaurant deserves a 5 stars due to the attentive service, the delious sangria and the wonderful, tasty tapas.
Blecccch.

There's a reason they give the food away here half price half the time and have a million coupons and deals on line.  The food sucks.  Service was unprofessional and harried despite the place being nearly empty.  The room has all the ambience of a bus station.  Crummy live band was playing way too loud.

Stay away.  Stay far away.
What a happy hour! It goes from 4-7 everyday and the tapas are half off with the exception of shrimp dishes and desserts. Even with those limitations, there are plenty to choose from. 

If you are the type of person that can make a meal out of appetizers, then tapas are perfect for you. Sometimes called the Spanish dim sum, these dishes are the perfect size to try a few. I am not the type of person that goes to a happy hour to save money, instead I order twice what I normally would and have it even out in the end.

The fantastic dishes: 
Chilled orzo salad- The orzo was cooked al dente with a nice bite and the grilled veggies were very flavorful. 
Beef carpaccio- This was a generous portion of thinly sliced raw beef. The parm, fried onion strings, balsamic vinaigrette, and tapanade mingled well. Place on on the bread and you have a good contrast in textures.
Stuffed peppers- The creaminess of the three cheese blend with a corn and black bean salad was mellow compared to the other strong tastes.
Bananas foster crepe- The crepe was more crisp than normal, but was perfect with the softness of the caramelized bananas and ice cream.

The good:
Stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. These were pretty standard.
Fried goat cheese- The balsamic vinegar and honey that line the dish made it delicious, but very decadent.
Summer bean salad- good but took the dressing from the goat cheese to make it better.
Strawberries tossed in a balsamic vinegar and cream with a sugar crust. Was decent, the balsamic did not play a prominent part in the dish.

The bad:
Tuna tartar- I love raw tuna in any form, but my friend said it all when she said it looked like cat food. It was bland on top of looking less than appetizing. 
Fried tres leches a la mode- Tasted and had the texture of fried chicken. Not the most appealing of the desserts.

The desserts are not part of the tapas deal for happy hour. The only one I would pay full price for is the bananas foster crepe. Our eyes were bigger than stomaches and it almost doubled our bill. Still for everything we got, it was a great deal.
I went there for the first time tonight with my girlfriend.  The happy hour (1/2 off) is a pretty good deal, price-wise. The food is so-so. Nothing was bad but nothing jumped out as fantastic either.  We ordered drinks and the first round of tapas and then our waiter didn't come back for over 30 minutes. We were out of food, adult beverages and water for over 30 mins. I would have ordered more food but we were so irritated we just settled the check and left.  When i flagged him down to get the check there wasn't even an apology or anything. 

I would only go back if I'm starving and in the neighborhood, not worth driving back out there. 

In summary: food; so-so. Service: TERRIBLE
For a suburban spot Barcelona is surprisingly good. It's not quite up to the level of Vegas standard-bearer Firefly but it's close, fairly quiet, and the service is consistently acceptable. Not exceptional, but Firefly has historically had issues with service.

Most of the dishes I've had here have been good to excellent. The tuna tartare, with wonton chips and pineapple, is a neat study in contrasts. The gazpacho was a little more seasoned than I care for, which takes the focus off the freshness of the soup. The patatas bravas, wrapped in bacon, are cooked perfectly to taste on the inside like baked potato. The chicken banderas are bite-sized skewers of garlic, roasted pepper, grilled chicken and avocado, served with a tasty vinagrette. The pork empanada is also highly recommended, the flaky crust is almost reminiscent of deep-fried Chinese noodles. The ham and cheese croquetas are one of the richest foods I've ever eaten.

I think this place is kind of overpriced, but their half-price tapas happy hour and restaurant.com gift certificates can put it into the realm of the affordable.
I'm a huge fan of Tapas,  my wife and I like Firefly a lot so when I got the opportunity to buy a deal on living social for $25 for $50 worth of food, it was a no brainer decision to give it a try.

I hate to be overly critical when I'm getting a discount but here goes anyway :)

The decor was nice, the restaurant has a nice ambiance and overall casual but comfortable feeling.  All of the booths in the restaurant section were full, so my wife and I grabbed a booth like table in the bar as noone was there and it seemed the best choice at the time. It turns out we should have picked a different table as my seat looked right into the kitchen, boxes of soda, the co2 tanks, some dude sitting on a box on his break.  The opening to the kitchen does have some black curtains but they weren't using them and had them tucked back presumably because it was annoying for the workers to walk thru them.  I'm guessing the decorator or owner put those curtains there for a reason, would be nice to see them used.

The menu prices and drinks are all reasonably priced, so no complaints there. They have lots of coupons available including a discount on Yelp, as well as a 3 hour happy hour with most dishes 50% off so if you time it right you get a big bang for you buck.

I ordered the Grilled Octupus and Shrimp Ceviche to get started with while we looked at the rest of the menu for other stuff.   5 minutes later, the Waitress returns with a "I'm sorry we don't have any Grilled Octopus or the Shrimp Ceviche tonight". I'm mildly irritated at this point as:

a.) these are two of my favorite items
b.) I hate it when waitresses don't tell you what they are out of when you sit down.

ok, granted they may be out of Octopus because it is not fresh, etc but they do have plenty of other shrimp dishes on the menu so regarding the shrimp ceviche I think it was more of poor planning or lack of desire to make more.

I asked if there were any more items that they didn't have, and the waitress scampered off to the kitchen again to ask (is it really that hard to know what items you aren't serving tonight???) She mentioned two other items they didn't have one of which was another dish I was interested in, big sigh :(

The food was quite good. My only real complaint was the lack of product knowledge from the waitress. We asked a couple of basic questions like what kind of cheese is on this? etc only to get a blank stare with her picking up the menu to look :)

It's also milldy irritating when they just drop off the food without a brief explanation.  This is XXX, this is YYY.  My wife and I had ordered escargot and they just dumped it off, we thought it was another dish we had ordered because the escargot was prepared in a method we weren't used to (it was good, but would have been nice to know we were eating it :) )

Waitress made two more mistakes regarding the check.  a.) didn't deduct the value of the coupon even though I gave it to her when we sat down, when she adjusted the bill, she gave me the wrong change and I had to point out her mistake to her. Not the end of the world, but I enjoy my evenings out without having to go through small hassles.

Overall, I would give the food a solid 3.5 stars, and the service about a 2.  

I will give this restaurant another try when I'm in the area. Hopefully, they won't be out of the items I want and we will get a better waitress. I will update my rating if I have a better experience next time.

Jason
Normally I really like this place, but twice now on a weekend the bf & I have arrived around 11:40, 11:45am and they haven't been at all ready for customers (note that they're supposed to open at 11:30am every day of the week). I mean, we're talkin the door's unlocked, but the "open" sign is turned off, the chairs are still sitting inverted on the tables, and neither the owner nor any waiters are there.

The first time, one of the cooks, who was busy in the kitchen, heard us come in and came out to greet us and offer us something to drink and eat. He didn't know how to make mixed drinks, but was happy to offer us some red sangria. The owner showed up 20 or so minutes later, apologized, and offered to make us something else (not comped or even discounted for the inconvenience, mind you). He seems pretty cool in general, though.

The second time, we walked in at 11:40am. By 11:55am someone just noticed we were there, and a waitress had just arrived. Both the cook and she were very nice and accommodating, but I'm still confused as to why they pretend to open at 11:30am when they clearly barely open at noon. I get it that that could be perfectly acceptable in the actual city of Barcelona, but come on, man.

All that aside, the food is good, but used to be better (they've recently changed several menu items for the worse, AND you get an expectations-versus-reality clash since the menu still has the old descriptions, but what shows up at your table isn't at all the same). Most of the menu items they have--including the sangria--Firefly on Paradise does better, hands down. But do I want to drive all the way there that often? Hell no -- and that's where Barcelona comes in. It's a decent, gas-saving substitute when I'm craving Spanish tapas; I'll just likely avoid going there for lunch on the weekends from now on.
The host and waitress were very friendly. They have half-off on their tapas during cocktail hours. So, a coupon is useless here because they charge you the regular prices instead of half-off to use the coupon, therefore canceling the supposed 50% discount from the coupon. Clever !

The food is average. Nothing comparable to the real tapas in Spain or NYC. The paella was served with a large amount of very sticky rice with no saffron flavor. The tapas were better but nothing special. The sangria was without fruity flavor but has high alcohol content. It is a place for young people to drink and socialize, maybe.
I stumbled upon this place quite by accident and I am so glad I did. I went in for a glass of wine, came out with new friends and a promise to return for some food. I went back three times the following week, including my birthday party.

Casual with an elegant, tony *feel*, but inviting, not ostentatious, and fabulously friendly. 

Some of the Firefly favorites (you did know they're within that six degrees of separation idea, right? Well, now you do.) are here, with a twist. The stuffed dates, patatas bravas and various others are throwbacks (in a good way) of what we love from the Firefly*.

The first standout for me: The escargot is simply amazing. I am so used to the tasty (but overused) butter and garlic bath in which snails are usually prepared and presented. En croute or no, let's face it, they're done that way everywhere... everywhere, that is, but at Barcelona. A savory, tomato-based broth with complementary veggies and a healthy (but not overpowering) bit of spice for kick. I can admit it... we ordered it three times. For one friend, it was her first taste of escargot and I was so pleased it was here. We have a convert! Snails *are* yummy!

The portions are perfect; I am only left wanting more because something is that good, it is not for a lack of generosity on the part of the kitchen.

Smaller and more attention-oriented, Barcelona allowed for dietary substitutions (within reason, of course) and was helpful to a fault in finding dishes we would like or helping us if something just wasn't what we expected (diner error, I assure you, and no reflection of the restaurant).

Everything tasted fresh and the flavors were clean. There were a few things we didn't get to try when we had the big group but only because they were running out of certain things.That hadn't happened before, even when the place was busy late into the night... so I am going to give the benefit of the doubt to it being our large party running them down after 5 hours of food and drink goodness.

Whether I am there alone, or there are two of us at the bar, or fifteen of us descending upon them, we are always treated with the greatest of care and welcomed with open arms. Edgar and his staff make you a part of the family and you get the feel from your co-diners that they feel the same way. It is a pleasant way and a pleasant place to spend an hour, a meal, or an entire evening.
Edgar makes sure that his customers are happy, and an involved owner who truly cares definitely helps. The pan fried dates are wonderful. I have yet to have something off of the menu I did not like. I went with a friend who is from Madrid and she was not disappointed in the least and she was on a mission to find authentic tapas. I've been here over 40 times since they opened, and have always been pleased. 
The one downside that is not their fault is that Yelp thinks they are by Molly Malones and so the Check In offer doesn't work. If you just mention the offer, Edgar will make sure that it is honored.
Second trip here. I never review after one visit in order to make sure that I didn't catch them on a bad night (or a good one). 

My family and I love the food. The Camerones a la Diabla were the only downfall as the shrimp had no real taste beyond the sauce. Across the board we have tried about a third of the menu without a problem except for the shrimp.

Service on the other hand needs major improvement. Our waiter seems preoccupied and has no patience. (Same waiter both visits) There are four of us and when taking our drink order he left after getting two drinks as my wife and daughter hesitated while ordering. 

I'd like to make this a regular dining location but service matters to us. So overall a 3.
Sangria, Sangria and more Sangria.  Dessert and Sangria :-)
I bought a coupon off Living Social and was excited because they're almost identical to Firefly.

We got seated right away but waited for our waitress. Though they weren't busy, we had a hard time finding her. 

First they start you off with complimentary bread and butter. Yum! Though it didn't compare to Firefly, that didn't hold me back.

We ordered :
Pan fried dates, I didn't enjoy these better than Firefly but they were nonetheless still very good. We knew we'd order more of these babies.

Garlic shrimp, very tasty. The sauce had a lot of flavor, I love garlic, so this was an easy like. It only came with three skewers and with so much goodiness in that dish, we had to help ourselves to seconds.. even thirds!

Beef carpaccio, it was my first time trying it and I was not disappointed! The sauce was so flavorful and the crispy onions were a great touch! I just wished I was served this first so I could have had room for seconds.

Beef sliders, I'm not a big fan of burgers but from what my brother said, it was bomb . com. And I loved how they served him ketchup in almost like Aladdin's genie lamp. So cute. Their thin fries were pretty good also, it had a nice crunch to it.

Manchego mac&cheese, definitely enjoyed this one a lot better than Firefly's, the taste was spot on. My boyfriend even enjoyed it, so big thumbs up for BT&B!

Paella, it was okay, I just didn't like having big, uncut lumps of chicken in there. They definitely weren't bite size but the flavors were there, rice was just a bit undercooked.

It's a lot more brighter and roomier than Firefly, that was a plus for me. Because I love being able to tell what the color of my food really looks like. Our waitress just pretty much just wasn't great. Know how to bring hot dishes hot, not lukewarm and she should try and learn the menu.. just sayin'.
My gosh this place is out of the way for my husband and I who live in the Northeast part of town! Our banker recommended this place. We absolutely loved it! We were shocked at how quickly the place filled up; there were a couple of people at the bar and another couple in the dining room when we walked in and before we knew it the whole restaurant was full! Poor servers...... but regardless of that our dining experience was incredible. The staff did their best to provide great service and that's all that matters to us. We will definitely drive 40 minutes to dine here again.
This place may be out of the way for many Las Vegans but it's right in my neighborhood so it's a convenient 5min drive for me to get tapas as good as Firefly at a more reasonable price. 

I wish they didn't remove the pineapple and salmon skewers but the bacon wrapped dates are to die for. The paella is tasty and not too sauteed. Mojitos and sangria are pretty good as well.
This place used to be happening.  The food is good but the service really sucks.  The waitress was rude and negative on the place.
Food was mediocre and the service was horrible.  Slow, rude waitress.  Looks like it attracts the boozer crowd.

They offer tons of coupons then get pissed off when you try to use one.  I live 2 blocks from there and will never go back.
Before I decided to check this place out, I had heard some great things. I decided to take my girlfriend here on a date, since we're both huge tapas restaurant fans. 

We get to Barcelona's and were seated by a hostess. The waiter comes up, brings us water then disappears. He never introduced himself, nor did he show any interest in taking our order. It took about 10 minutes before he came back to take our order. 

The food was great. Everything was cooked perfectly, leaving my girlfriend and i impressed. We asked for the check and gave the waiter the coupon we had bought off one of those group coupon websites. He instantly became hostile claiming that it was more work for him because he had to activate it and deduct it from the final check.  He returned and threw the check in front of me. He never once said thank you, or even came back to check on our drinks. I finished the check and we left.

He followed me into the parking lot and asked for a signature, which I had forgotten to do out of irritation. The gentlemen began to tell me I shouldn't be angry about the coupon situation that it was just more work for him. I had never seen any waiter be so assertive. I told him I was upset about the fact that he didn't check on us once during our meal. He than said, "I don't need your excuses." My excuses for what? For not tipping him? He didn't deserve a tip considering how rude he was. He stormed off and called me an a**hole at the door of the restaurant as he was walking in.  After leaving I attempted to call the restaurant for a manager, but the phone kept going to voicemail. This was during business hours by the way.

I'm sorry but that was unacceptable. Not even in the most run down places in town do you have the waiter insult you. Even these waiters are more gracious than this guy.  Horrible service. No matter how good the food was, I will not be returning. 

I will give this place 1 star because of the food. It deserves a zero for the customer service. Get rid of this guy, he's ruining your restaurant.
One of the best Happy Hours in Las Vegas.  Well drinks, house wines, and domestic beers as well as a specialized tapas menu are 50% off 4PM - 7PM every day.  Even Friday and Saturday.  Not bad.  

A few standout Tapas pieces I had were the Mac N' Cheese, the pork empanada, as well as the chicken and mushroom soup.  All very tasty.

Drinks are of a good size, but if you want a drink I'd suggest the wine or get a beer, as I believe they are watering their well drinks during happy hour. 

Regardless, I've had good service on the two occasions I have been here, and quite tasty food.
Unpretentious, good food, friendly service, great value.
Delicious Tapas, comfortable atmosphere... definitely stop by and check it out!
It's pretty much a typical bar environment, nothing special in the decor or ambience, similar to a PT's pub and the like. The food is okay, I had the ribs, and guests I was with ordered the sliders. The ribs were served in a sweet sauce that tasted like any that could be found in a Kraft jar. They weren't horrible, and they weren't great. The sliders weren't anything to write home about, as the meat quality was average at best. The fries were quite good, however shouldn't be a determining factor for patrons. 

The determining factors in this case: The service is horrible, and food is average at best. These two facts, coupled together should be a deal-breaker. It is as if they take pride in offering poor service. The wait staff would place the wrong orders in front of the customer, and did not seem to care if people are satisfied. They did this both with the drinks, and later with the entrees. One guest at our table had to wait ten minutes for ketchup, and when we finally got a waiter's attention, he was visibly annoyed at our request. On a side note-the coffee tasted like it had been sitting in the pot all day before being served. 

Strangely enough, if I see reviews for good food and poor service, I'm not deterred, as I see it like a 'soup nazi' situation: The food should be so outstanding that people overlook the horrible customer service in order to experience good tastes. 

In the case of Barcelona Tapas & Bar, I recommend avoiding this place, as the poor service does not justify the lackluster food served and the atmosphere is uncomfortable. 

I think the fancy name 'tapas' makes a place like this appear special, but in my case, it is simply a place to avoid.
I'm loving the local watering hole. Happy hour here rivals Brio but this is more intimate. Sit at the bar and do some shots with the bartender. Good times all around. The boquerones and the serrano ham and cheese platter are staples for me. Simple food to accompany a few cocktails is all I need.
I loved the food... Happy Hour is awesome....

Serviced sucked.. We went last night Marco was our server he was very rude and short with us.... we obviously interrupted him watching the football game.. If the service was better I would have given this place a 5 star rating..:(
Fast service and good tapas for the $$
I live down the street from this place and I come around 3 times a month. I am somehow always craving their bacon-wrapped dates. First time I ever tried it was at Firefly and it's just as good. They start you out with bread and a sweet chili butter and also a spread which is delish. I always seem to order the same thing. Beef carpaccio, bacon wrapped dates, tilapia, surf & turf skewers, tuna tartar. Those are all pretty good. I've had the empanadas with beef and I honestly didn't like them. They had no distinct taste to them. I like the tuna from Firefly better, but it's still pretty good.

I know this place has lunch specials from 4-7. I noticed the last time they made their portions smaller during this time, when for the past year they had this special it was regular size. Who could blame them though?

I like this place. I come here often. I love the bacon wrapped dates, they are the best!

If you're in the area and haven't been here yet, you need to give it a try!
UGH. 

THE MAIN REASON I'M GIVING THIS PLACE 2 STARS IS BECAUSE OF THE SERVICE.
I fully understand that a place is understaffed and has 1 waiter for the whole place but, our waiter -- UGHH!!!!!!

First, we order a pitcher of mojitos and he brings me a glass.

Worst was that my friend FOUND HAIR IN HIS RICE and told the waiter about it and he just laughed it off. 
Are you effing kidding me???!!
You know very well, if it was in my friend's rice then, there HAD to be hair in someone else's rice dish.

Sadly, the food we had was really yummy. Escargot, brie dates bacon, lamb, mojito. I would've gave this place 4 stars.
 
I'm just thankful his rice dish was the last thing we ate or else I would've been inspecting my food like crazy throughout dinner.
Food excellent...Wednesday afternoon bar to myself, lot of complaints about it to busy, then don't come for happy hour...cheap bas?$#ds...food is great
I been here a couple of times because my friend lives fairly close to this establishment. I'm not a huge tapas fan but I do enjoy it when I go out to a tapas restaurant. As for Barcelona Tapas and Bar, I actually enjoy this place. The pan fried dates are definitely a staple here. That is one thing everyone must order when coming here. and when they bring out the bread, it comes with a butter that the house makes that is the best tasting butter I have ever had in my life. It just tastes so damn good. I like the beef carpaccio as well.
  Ordered the empanadas and wasnt that big of a fan on that one. The sauteed tilapia was pretty good.
Very good place for a quick bite, love the sangria. Great service, they are always friendly and polite.
Wow. So as much as people might hate me for saying it. I liked this place better than firefly! I mean strictly the food was so amazing that it's worth the drive from whatever part of town you are in. I came with friends on a Sunday night and it was pretty dead. Decently nice enough interior. Clean and decorated. So we each ordered two dishes and every single item was amazing. The butternut squash soup, veggie empanadas, manchego Mac and cheese, fried goat cheese, fried artichokes, tortilla Espaola were all amazing. Great portion size. Just enough to share with a few people of each dish so u get to try lots of food. Then we got dessert of bananas foster crepes, bread pudding and flan. The flan was nothing to write home about but still solid. As we're te other desserts. Overall an amazing meal.
This can be summed up very quickly...

Food = Delicious, everything we've tried.  In particular, I loved the pan fried dates and my boyfriend had a thing for the garlic shrimp. We both thought the food was much tastier and of better quality than Jaleo, but admittedly we haven't tried Firefly.  Prices are reasonable and ambiance is open and inviting.  

Service = Wildcard.  Sometimes fantastic, sometimes neglectful. All depends on who is working. If Barcelona could create a consistent, top notch service, this place should do great.
I've tried this place 3 times since moving to Vegas a few months ago.  

Food is ok, nothing special.  I've been to much better places back home that I wouldn't even put this in my top 10 list.  

The sangria is not bad, but I can whip up the same concoction at home.

With the VERY limited selection of spanish tapas bars in Vegas, I would probably frequent this place if ONLY they know how to treat their customers.  Servers are rude, slow, oblivious, and unattentive.  The only friendly person at that place is the female bartender (same bartender 3 times I was there).  

Ok food/drinks and REALLY BAD SERVICE...I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime soon.
We were served a complimentary plate of grilled bread, hummus and a garlic cream cheese spread (2.5 Forks).  Our first order was the obligatory pan fried dates with almonds in a balsamic reduction sauce and sprinkled with goat cheese (4 Forks) and Manchego mac and cheese (3.5 Forks).  The second round was less successful: camarones al Ajillo (garlic shrimp) that were slightly overcooked and served at room temperature (2 Forks), a mundane house salad (2 Forks) and pastelillos pollo (chicken cake) served with a gribiche sauce (2.5 Forks).  We closed out the meal with a chocolate tres leches cake.

A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate.
It's one of the first tapas places here in Las Vegas I knew of 3 years ago. So I love it!! than the over Hyped bullshit Firefly Tapas joint that I definately know, came later!! Barcelona is the first place I found, because of a friend of mine. Then this bullshit Firefly place came along, and it can go, on the wannabe list. At least the employees who work @ Barcelona aren't stuck up, like the employees at Firefly.  Firefly employees can shove their attitudes right back up their own taints!!! Or else I'll do it for them with my foot!!!!!! Barcelona Tapas!!  Puta Madre!!!!!
Hell yeah!!!
TWO THUMBS DOWN


Today was the second time I've eaten at Barcelona with my wife.  We live a few blocks down the street so we figured we'd stop in for some lunch.

That was a big mistake.

FOOD: I ordered the NY steak... my wife ordered ceviche.  My steak was so fatty,  I could only eat about half of it.

SERVICE:  After we got the check,  I noticed the server charged us for the carbonated waters we ordered.  I was pretty disappointed so I asked him if that was standard policy.  He was extremely rude and unprofessional.

We will never be back here again and I'll make sure to pass the word along to my friends and family.
This is one of my favorite places to go for a weeknight dinner or even an occasion. I live in the neighborhood so I visit Barcelona Tapas at least twice a month. 

Casual Dining Weeknight Experience:
I have always received a friendly greeting at the door. The waiter/waitress is always very prompt with bringing over some fresh bread with honey butter and hummus, which is outstanding. I prefer the Sangria at Barcelona, the white-red mix is definitely the way to go. The wait staff always have time to check on the food and the experience, a nice addition to service at a neighborhood restaurant. Overall, I've always had great service. The menu and food is comparable to Firefly, in fact I sometimes feel like they ripped off the menu, which isn't a bad thing. My favorites are the bacon wrapped dates, the albondigas, the empanadas,  the chicken skewers, and the stuffed mushrooms are very good! The food quality at Barcelona definitely gives Firefly a run for its money and the wait staff actually come back and chat with you. At a busy Tapas place like Firefly(although it's super fun for a party) you don't get the personal experience. Also they have live music sometimes which is AWESOME! Spanish style guitar, so romantic!

Large Group Dining:
Last year I had my birthday dinner here. The restaurant handled the additional 30 people on a busy Saturday night with calm and provided the best service. Everyone got everything they ordered and in a timely manner. The waiter assigned to our party did a really great job making sure the drinks and food kept coming. We made a reservation a few days in advance just to let them know ahead of time and it truly was a great dinner.
The happy hour here is the shit! The hot bartender, Lizzett I think her name is, amazing! That girl knows her stuff. The tapas speak for themselves. Yum!!! Addicted!
We missed HH by 15 mins, which was sad. BUT I had a coupon from Restaurant.com so it was ok either way.

If you check in on Yelp you get a free glass of Sangria :) Place is super cute & I'm totally going back again. It's in the same strip mall as Off the Strip, plenty of parking, and apparently has a swinging HH from 4-7 with 50% off entrees.

They also have many TV's which made us happy! 

I posted some pix of the food,  here's what we got:

1) bacon wrapped dates, pretty good, bacon was a little dry
2) almond & panko deep fried goat cheese with a balsamic reduction -Yes please, more
3) lots of bread & hummus-hummus needed more garlic in my opinion but I heart carbs
4) Serrano wrapped cheese, black olives, little pickles -how fun this plate was
5) crowd pleaser & shockingly good- escargot with saffron in a tomato sauce. Not what I expected at all but really really good [do it!]
I'm definitely a fan!  I have mixed emotions about tapas, just because I've been programmed from a young age to appreciate large portions and having small plates with small portions (though plentiful) messes with my head :)  I also think I end up spending more that way...but I think that speaks more to my issues than to Barcelona.

First off, I've passed this place a million times and never eaten here.  It's conveniently located and easy to find in the Smith's shopping center.  It's much bigger inside than I imagined!  I mean, it's a modest size, but I pictured it much smaller.  We went in the late afternoon on a Saturday and it wasn't too busy.  We were seated and proceeded to order off the Happy Hour menu (half off).  Also, by checking in on Yelp, you get a free drink!  Awesome!

My friend and I ordered about 7 happy hour tapas...mac n cheese, escargot, some kind of chicken dish, eggplant dish, mushroom dish...and a few other things I can't remember.  Everything was REALLY good!  Drinkwise, we went with the sangria and mojitos.  I think I enjoyed the mojito more, but both were pretty good.

All in all, I don't have any complaints.  Our server was so nice and very attentive.  This place had a very comfortable and homey feel to it.  Everything seemed clean and in its place.  I do have to reinforce...tapas DO add up, especially the way my friend and I eat, so I probably would not come at any other time slot besides happy hour which is 4-7p Sun-Thurs and 4-6p Fri-Sat.
It is a mediocre local tapas restaurant. Great happy hour deals but at the same time, the quality of their food doesn't really make me want to pay full price. However, we do happily go there for happy hour. 

Please don't get me wrong. Certain things are good such as their octopus dish, tilapia meuniere and etc. If you approach this establishment as a bar with relatively good food rather than an authentic true Spanish tapas restaurant, then you would enjoy this place. I really enjoyed passion fruit mojito! 

It's always great to see a neighborhood restaurant doing well.
Food was excellent, the escargot was awesome, and the vegetable empanada killed fireflys.... This place is right by my house and i'm super pumped on how good it was....happy hour is legit....
The food was amazing and the service to match. The staff was attentive and helpful with any questions we had. This place will be taking more of my dollars in the future.
Great food and great prices. I wish the owner had a location in Los Angeles, this was hands down the best tapas restaurant I've ever been to. Tasty dishes, I will return in the future!
LOOOVE this place we went to Vegas for a family trip last week and we were staying at a residence that is about a block away from here and we loved the Tapas here. We loved it so much we came here twice in our 4 day trip. 

The pulled pork was my favorite and the ribs. A must try are the Stuffed shrimp and the papatas bravas. 

The sangria is bomb! we ordered 2 pitchers of it. not very strong. the waitress on the first day was amazing, very upbeat. but on our 2nd night the gentelman was very slow and very disrespectful in my opinion he would not ask if we needed anything just looked at us until we told him our order. Because of him my rating is not 5 stars.

the ambiance of the resturant is casual and its lighted on the dark side. not too much light but very nice and they have screens everywhere with sports events.
it was a longest way to find the great food for me i took this restaurant forget about the rating and listen to my friend's recomendation. he was dead right, when we reach the place late night, it was pretty busy and great live music was playing by a solo gutarist in the corner. we sat by the bar and Moolisa the bartende was our waitress and she was lots of fun and energy for the place. We pick all our food under her rcomendation and the frist we had the short rib plate was so delicious. then she brought the sousage on the stick thing is little sweet but we enjoyed it too. the best plate was the PORK... it was so good and tasty and the meet was melting our mouth without having a bite. 
Also the spicy shrimps was the bomb and, the desret was very tempting.... highly recomended.!!
Sometimes, all you want in life is sangria. For me, this was a craving that spanned the course of three weeks. So when a friend wanted to meet up for dinner, I knew that Barcelona's happy hour was a must.

From the hours of 4 to 7, happy hour is a must do. Check in on Yelp for a free glass of sangria - sweet, strong, and in quantities more than a single glass, potentially dangerous. My friend and I ordered a mass array of goodies from the happy hour menu. The vegetable empanadas ($2.75) were little fried pockets of all sorts of vegetables - pretty good but nothing fantastic. Croquetas ($2.75) were also good, only made better with the aioli on the side. Lastly, the eggplant cannelloni ($3.50) was perfectly balanced with the hearty eggplant and the tang of tomato sauce. 

While dessert was the last thing on my mind, we somehow got conned into ordering...wait for it, Fried Chocolate Tres Leches a la Mode (I take liberties with the word 'conned'). Sometimes you don't realize you're having a bad week until you take a bite into something so sinfully delicious. One bite of this Tres Leches and suddenly, life is better. 

The food is good, and the happy hour deals amazing. But the real keeper here is Edgar, the owner. He's so warm and hospitable. But be warned, warmness goes right out the door when it comes to dessert. He'll charm you into ordering things you'd never eat normally thanks to diet and a conscience. In all earnestness, he has something good going on here, and I'm happy to see this place doing well.
This place surprised us. The tapas were delicious and portions were bigger than most other tapas places. The steamed muscles were great and so was the lamb. Their sangria was perfect.   The service was spot on.
I came here on a Tuesday evening (tonight, as a matter of fact, around 6:30 pm) and must say this was NOT a happenin' joint tonight.  This is also not a trendy, hip place like that OTHER tapas place. That didn't make for an unpleasant visit, though. This place has its own charm. 

The decor is a bit shabby-chic, lending to a laid-back, casual atmosphere, but it's an interesting look, not a bad one. There's a slight sports pub feel due to the TVs and the wide variety of objects on the walls, which were painted dark green (at least the wall alongside my area). The booths are roomy and comfy with slightly high tables. I really liked the servers - very friendly and attentive.

This is a tapas restaurant, therefore there are only a few entrees. I didn't feel like eating a bunch of little meals (ironic, huh?) so I had the pasta entree. My friend had a Groupon, which is why I happened to be invited for this outing.  My pasta dish was not bad, and neither were the fries I tried, but as there was nothing special about them I would try something different during my next visit.  The bread and butter were good, though. That butter was heavenly, as a matter of fact. I hate sweet honey butter but this butter was just right in terms of flavor, sweetness, creaminess (and the way it melted on my tongue like a dream!). 

My friend loved her bacon-wrapped dates and had no complaints about her mac & cheese, beef (veal?) medallions or sangria.  I was impressed that our waiter didn't give us a hard time about the Groupon, as some restaurants do.  The restaurant has its own version of a Groupon on their website, by the way.  Using that coupon would provide customers with the same discount but would not cost the restaurant as much money. I don't want to hate on Groupon, but I don't want businesses to suffer because of them. I hope you'll check out the coupon.
I was reluctant to try this place again because I didn't love it the first time. Supposedly this place was opened by someone who helped create the menu at Firefly, but I can attest (in my opinion) the menu here doesn't even come close to Firefly. Reason I gave this a second try was we were looking to have a cocktail in my neighborhood and not at a smoky bar, when we got there, no one was in the place. I ordered a glass of wine and the person I was person with ordered a single malt, which they don't carry, ok no big deal, in the meantime I showed our waitress my Yelp check in which displays 50% drinks, no where in the check in does it say "sangria only" which is all they will honor. We ordered 2 apps, one came out, the other never made it to the table. Again, we were the only customers in the place. When the check arrived, we noticed we had been charged for both, brought it to her attention and she replies "well I will have to have my mgr take it" and acted like it was a bother???!!! I don't foresee myself ever going back to this place and I have a couple Restaurant.com vouchers that will go unused if anyone wants them.
Their happy hour is now only 4-6 so be aware of that.

We went on a Saturday for happy hour and had a really good time.  Its a small place and I believe the entire staff are owners or family members so they're very attentive.

There were 6 of us and we each had at least 2 glasses of sangria and ordered about 10 different items, yet the bill was only $91.  

Between the group we tried the calamari, meatballs, chicken piccata, chicken empenadas, stuffed mushrooms, and the banana crepe thing for dessert.  We all really enjoyed everything.  It isn't necessarily 5 star food but no one was unhappy with anything we received (not easy to do with 6 women at the table).

I can't speak for regular menu items but its a really nice place for happy hour.

And the sangria is *really* good.
I had a http://restaurants.com gift card for this place so it seemed like a great time to try it for the first time. 

First of all they completely "attempted" to copy Firefly without success!

The service was horrible. I'm pretty sure there was only one waitress for the entire place. It was 2pm on a Tuesday when we visited so it wasn't really busy but with 5 tables they needed more help. The waitress became frustrated with our requests for water refills and just brought us a pitcher which was fine with us. 

Spicy shrimp was my favorite dish with great sauce.
Bacon wrapped dates were super salty. 
The mac and cheese was really dry and lacking cheesiness.
The fries were cold so we sent them back.

I don't for-see another visit to Barcelona's even with a gift card!
The ceviche is my favorite and am only disappointed as its not part of the half price appetizer during happy hour.
Food and drinks are good!! Hubby had the sliders and loved it!!
very good!
We come here about once a month. We like it, but I wouldn't say it's fantastic. Both the food and the service are inconsistent - some nights they are on the ball, some nights everything is off. I have had some food here that is incredible (bananas foster) and some that's not good at all (albondigas soup). Also, they changed the recipe for the patatas bravas, I wish they'd make them the old way, they used to be great!
I walked in here waiting for a friend to meet me for a date night.  I have to say I'm a HUGE fan of Firefly, so they had a lot to live up to.

The tapas were good, the services was attentive, and they didn't rush us out the door (which I like because I don't get to see this particular friend very often).  Atmosphere is comfortable.  The docked star is because I was 'meh' on their white sangria.  Their HH prices are great, and it was nice to sit and relax with a good friend for a bit.
As a fan of Rise & Shine (it's a few doors down) I decided to check Barcelona out during their 7 day happy hour. We really enjoyed it. It wasn't too crowded. The service was just right and the food was quite yummy.

The goat cheese was awesome, the queso fundido was so yummy. And we really liked the empanadas.

I am a huge fan of firefly so I was really excited to find a place that was just as good and maybe even better.
I do have to agree with another poster.  I have a pet peeve against places that don't have a "must come back again" item on their menu.  I crave those goat cheese balls constantly, but this place is no where near me and the friend who invited me there no longer lives nearby either.  I have to say I also miss Baba Reeba's sangria, but remember this places being pretty good....but those goat cheese balls.  Damn them, lol!
I like Barcelona.  I think it was a nice addition to the Southern Highlands plaza.  I've been here several times: date nights, birthday parties, etc. etc.

As far as food goes, the food is very comparable to Fireflys; however, I think the sangria is just a touch better.  I prefer both the white and red sangria at Barcelona over Firefly's.  I recommend coming here during happy hour (4p-6p & 10p-12a) so you can get more food and drinks for less!  Just keep in mind that not all their tapas and drinks are discounted though.  But who doesn't like happy hour?

The pan fried dates are a MUST.  Seriously, you can never go wrong with these.  The paella (entree) is also really good.  It does take about 30-45 minutes to make though, so just be aware of that before you order it.

They used to have a printable coupon on their website that was awesome, but alas, it's not available anymore. :( 

If you haven't tried tapas before or you're looking for an alternative to Firefly, I would recommend going to Barcelona.  It's good, not great, but good.
Here for the Banana Foster Crepes!!!
But, since we were hungry we give few of their menu items a try, some of them even two tries :)

I don't really remember the other dishes we tried, but the Baqueron's was to die for.
Even with my husband not being a big artichoke fan, we order it twice! It's just the perfect little serving, a great tapas for just $6.50, with sweet white anchovies, red peppers,artichoke and black olives!

I think I could live on this dish and the Bananas foster crepes for the rest of my life! 

I'm giving it 3* because of their service...it wasn't very busy, so the server took his time to entertain his friends on a table rig next to ours...thank God somebody who looked like a manager stop by to ask us if we would like anything else...

We'll probably return, if we could get a better server thou...
Love this place! I have been coming here since they opened and will still be coming back cause everyone are friendly and so is the owner. He will go out of his way to come to your table and say hi!! :) food is great!!!!
Well I do hate leaving a bad review on a place with such nice staff and warm and friendly owner but unfortunately a restaurant needs to be more than just a bunch friendly nice people. The quality of the food has got to follow. As much as I really wanted to like the food and was hoping that this place could be a good alternative to Firefly, it just was not. Overall the food was bland, low quality ingredients and clearly nothing is homemade. The worst were the meatballs, avoid them at all costs. They were hard as a rock and no taste. Clearly pre-maid, frozen and re-heated in the microwave (I am single, I know what those taste like!). Second to worst was the manchego and bacon mac&cheese. I had this before in other tapas places and it is a party in your mouth. This one was bland and floury. Not sure how they screwed this one up. 
Also as one would expect portions are small, it is a tapas place. I have no issue with small portion but it needs to burst with flavor.  On a good note, the bacon wrapped dates are good. 
Don't think I will be going back but if I do, I will stick to the sangria and the dates.
Love this place. It's located in a strip mall in Southern Highlands. Go during their double happy hours...4-6 then 10- midnight.
Again meeting large party...family in from California...this is a convenient location for hungry people driving in from LA.
We were greeted with friendly staff that was all too happy to hook us up with sangrias. They have a similar menu to Fireflies. 
The pan fried dates are just a staple.
We tried the Baquerns which is white anchovies & red pepper on toast..not a fan & too fishy. The empanadas are ok, the camarones al ajillo (garlic shrimp) were good & good to dip bread in. And some other things ordered on other side of table but after a few sangrias couldn't remember the names :) We did enjoy the shared flan for dessert as it got passed once & never returned.
A nice alternative if you don't want the busy atmosphere of the other tapas place.
One of my absolutely favorite places in the city to take people!  Happy hour is extremely generous, food is Firefly-ish but 10 times better and the people are not as pretentious, though it is not unusual to see nothing but bmw/mercedes in the parking lot.  The experience is very comfortable, the owner works nearly 7 days a week to make sure that his baby is a pleasure to come and relax in.  I would say it's a lot like a lounge with MUCH better food!  And I'm sorry to all the band-wagon people out there, but BARCELONA MAKES BETTER SANGRIA THAN FIREFLY HAHAHAHAHA!!!! Oh YES I did!
We have been going to their happy hour alot... it is really yummy and tapas range from $2-$4 and the beer is $1... so a really good deal on happy hour... Everyday from 4-6pm!
Great food and drinks here. Its a great place to just come and chill if you wanna have a relaxed night. At the end of the night they pulled out karaoke and a ping pong table. It was awesome.

For my first review, I had to mention this place first. 

Good food and good service.
Tried the steamed clams, diablo shrimp, and Filet mignon medallions. 

all were so flavorful, and went nicely with a side of rice. 

A pitcher of Rasberry mojito was shared between my friend and I. 

Service was superb and it got pretty busy. Compliments to the chef!
Best time to go is during Happy Hour, the best price for the food items, as I don't think full price would get the same reviews:

Chicken Piccatta - Sauce was very yummy
Empanada Pork or Beef - Very dry shell, however the food inside was great
Bruschetta - To dye for, however needs to come with more bread
Steak sKewers - Great flavor
Mac n Cheese - Hit the spot

Drinks  - Too strong of a pour, shouldn't be still tasting the drink the next day.
The only thing worse than the service is the food. It had to be the first time the server had ever taken an order.  He couldn't figure out some simple requests so the manager came and apologized and then started criticizing the server to us. The manager forgot two things from our order, brought half the tables food out 10 minutes before the other half AND forgot one whole meal all together (there was four of us). The penne pasta's sauce was literally water, no joke. The hash browns were as white as the plate. The only good thing they did was comp us when we got up to walk out
On first impression, this is the kind of place that appears to be trying too hard to be authentic. The decor appears to have come from Hobby Lobby or Dollar Tree. It's a lazy interpretation of Barcelona life. The restrooms were a travesty. The trash can, faucets and porcelain were worn, fingerprinted and unclean. There was also a bowl of sea salt scrub that was intended for customers to use. Because it was sitting next to the toilet, I passed. The food was decent. Nothing to rave about, but not disappointing. Good flavors and there was cartridge mixed in with my chicken taco. Tasty, if you're into that. The staff was super nice, but slow for a lazy Thursday afternoon.
Stopped here on the way out of town, I was just hungry and looked for something to eat. I am so glad I did, it's a great place.
Always A+ service and the food is almost as unbelievable as the price! My favorite place to eat in my 'hood!
The food gods have delivered the best of best in spanish style Tapas. Monday and Tuesday makes even better with half price bottle wines. The goat cheese balls are my favorite, and ask chef and owner Edgar to make you something special and your taste buds will go nuts
On our first visit, we tried the different tapas' on their happy hour menu and were not really impressed.

We came back last Sunday since I was craving for Paellla and it was a wonderful surprise that the food quality was totally different. We ordered Paella, Camarones Al Ajillo and Brochettas De Pollo and they were all good. The Camarones Al Ajillo I say is a must try. My bf almost licked the plate!

We will be back!
Excellent food, the music is nice and good service.  Small tasty plates!
We have never had tapas before, so we decided to try this place.  We ordered fried goat cheese balls, calamari, chorizo stuffed mushrooms, lamb sausage with quinoa, and fried lamb chops with quinoa.  Everything was delicious.  My only complaint would be that the lamb chops were tiny.  They were about one bite each ( you get two).  For $11, I think I should get more than 2 bites.
Love this place! Great drinks, great food, great atmosphere for both family and date night. One of my favorites in LV!
I'm going to have to agree with some previous reviews that the best time to go is during happy hour. The tapas available were pretty good and the price was excellent. By the time we left, we were full and the bill wasn't bad.  However, the service was definitely lacking. Our server was a little rude and seemed to only be friendly with other people that showed up and appeared to be regulars. One good thing was that the place wasn't busy when we showed up and the food came out quick.
Our server was very good! The Mac n cheese was fantastic!! I would asking recommend the shrimp diablo! We had the bananas foster was good!
Good variety of small portions (i.e. "tapas").    Happy Hour a definite bargain.   One server (bald fellow with black-framed glasses kept complaining about his boss to us; not the best of judgement.   Then he tried to sell us a bottle of wine at a discount because he did not get a raise (I guess he would keep the profit).   

Anyway, if you don't get Baldy, will be a good experience.
Went last week with a friend from out of town. I had bought a Groupon and was delighted. The service was great. Marco was our waiter and he made all of our selections. The owner came out and also spoke with us since we were new. The food was outstanding and the atmosphere was very nice. The place kept getting busier so I am not alone is saying this is great value for the quality of  food and it is now a regular spot for us.
Like most people, we came here because of the groupon deal. It is a little ways off the heart of Las Vegas but it's nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city once in a while. When we went in, it was like 2 pm so no one else was really there except for people watching the football games. We were seated immediately and ordered the vegetable empanadas, the fried goat cheese, the sauted mushrooms, the stuffed artichokes and the fried ravioli. All of them were really good. If I had to choose a least favorite, it would probably be the stuffed artichokes. The waiter was extremely nice and seemed very easy going. I think the only thing they had against them was that the lighting was super dark. Other than that, I definitely recommend!
I've been here back when it first opened and wasn't impressed.  The food was good but the service was lacking----big time.  You get seated and no one when come to offer you water or take your drink order for like 15 minutes.  

With that being said, I am soooooooo thankful my good friend got me to come back late last year.  Total 360 in the service.  Not to mention the food comes out a good pace then it used too.  

Our favorites are the panned fried bacon wrapped dates, fried goat cheese, Vegetable Empanadas, and the chicken tacos.   Their sangria and martini's are also good.  It doesn't get super crowded and loud so it's a good place to hit up with friends and even family.
Food is great, prices are great, service is great!
First time here and already off to a bad start. 5 min without any greeting from anyone. No hostess up in front and I believe only one guy runnin the whole show. The food is what pretty much saved this review. The food was good but service and experience is also the big part of a restaurant
A good place to go for tacos and drinks!
Went on the website and it said it opens at 11am. Checked yelp it says 1130, had a groupon for this place waited more than 30 min no one checked on us. Guy comes out doesn't even acknowledge us and leaves continues talking with his friend. Terrible service!!
Its been awhile since I ate here, then I realized I didn't even review this place yet.  For me, this is conveniently located in my neighborhood, Southern Highlands.  I've been coming here usually to partake in their super awesome happy hour during game time.  Oh you can't miss the big sign that shows off their $1 PBR specials either.  

We finally came in to dine for their brunch.  We heard from a friend that their breakfast is a must try...mmmm hmmmm it sure is.  Only on Saturday and Sunday from 10a-1pm.

We tried the Barcelona Benedict $6 and Chorizo Hash $6 roasted potatoes with chorizo and roasted tomato poached egg then we couldn't resist and added the escargot and banana pancakes...lol yes odd combinations.  

The Benedict is a homemade turkey patty, topped with your poached egg and roasted pepper topped with hollandaise sauce.  I think if there was spinach added to it, it would be even better...but that's just my taste buds.  Since the hubs had that I went for the chorizo hash.  Oooooooh weeee, that was a combination of deliciousness.  It's served in a hot plate of melted goodness.  Then on to escargot. Save your bread and dip that in the garlic butter mushroom sauce of the escargot.  They are not shy on giving you a lot of escargot.  When it comes out and served to your table, other patron will say, "what's that smell?"  

Lastly, the banana pancakes.  I'll tell you why this is a must try.  First dessert for breakfast is awesome.  Second, The syrup topping is their banana foster syrup....need I say more?  

Service was awesome, Kelli was an awesome host.  We enjoyed everything we even reserved for Super Bowl!
Attentive service, great happy hour prices , and great tasting food. Blood Orange mojitos are a must try!
I have eaten at this restaurants numerous times. More so when they first opened, I believe it was around 2009. At first I really liked it. My husband and I used to go at least once a week! We loved the bartender, Melissa who I might add is no longer with them. I feel that I never reviewed this place for that reason, because we just really enjoyed her service, even after numerous bad meals there. 
 I've had meals there that were hit or miss. The food is extremely inconsistent. You have a dish you love, like their Tilapia, for instance was great the last few times I ate there the sauce was different, and the tilapia was so way overlooked. The last straw for my husband was when on Fathers Day last year they had a prime rib or ribeye special, can't remember which. My husband asked the weight, again don't remember if they said 12 or 16 ounces. It was so shady and sneaky, it couldn't be more than 4 and a half ounces! The shady part is this, it was cut very very thin and at a strange angle. It looked like perhaps the rest of this tiny piece of meat was under the mashed potatoes it was served with. My husband lifted up the potatoes and there was nothing there! They cut it slanted and made it appear that the rest of the meat was under the potatoes. If we didn't look, we couldn't prove that this was not the size that said. So sneaky, so much lack of respect for their customers, not to mention we were regulars! Our server was so embarrassed and apologetic. On the top of it it was Father's Day! He was so upset he did not order anything else or has yet to return. My dumb ass have given them so many more chances and wasted to much meals there. My wonderful drinks by Melissa kept me going for their mediocre food, but not since this past Saturday, February 8th, was my meal so horrible! Stuffed mushrooms tasteless, served cold in the middle and just a funny texture. My 7 year old said Barcelona Tapas made her hate mushrooms! She said the best thing was the sprite. The ribs although very tender and fell off the bone outrageously sweet, it was a pile of meat and bones and pieces of bone mixed in the meat.  We ordered a filet, which was not a filet, it was chewy, had weird bristle and we  ordered medium rare, it was medium well. So 10 dollars for crap! It was a horrible mistake to eat there and we ruined our Saturday night by choosing Barcelona Tapas. Yeah, don't recommend at all.
Came here awhile back and haven't gotten around to writing a review till now. I was NOT a fan. Moment i walked in I stood there for awhile feeling like an idiot cause no one greeted me or showed me where to sit. My boyfriend and I eventually just picked a spot and waited for a server to flag down. Eventually an older gentleman with an accent came up to us and gave us menus. I ordered a pitcher of white sangria. It wasn't bad but it wasn't very good either. To be honest, the food was completely un-memorable that I forgot everything we had ordered. I just remember being excited for the bacon wrapped dates because I love them over at Firefly. Well it was not like Firefly's dates. They were soggy and incredibly salty. The server also never came back again and when he eventually did come around to give us our check, it looked like he was in the middle of eating something. I quickly paid and got the hell out of there. I haven't been back since and I probably never will. If they fixed their customer service and cleaned up their dishes a bit, they could probably do well. I guess I'll never know.
The atmosphere was very comfortable and the food was delicious. I went in for a quick lunch, but I realized that others had the same idea! One server and the owner out on the floor hence my reason for 4 stars. Both exceptionally friendly and hard-working but maybe one more server would have been nice. Nonetheless, the food was fabulous and the spicy butter for the bread was ridiculous! So much flavor! Will return for sure, with more time to spare and a designated driver for those mojitos and sangria.
Really, really underrated neighborhood spot, and worth the drive from anywhere in the valley.  Concise menu of traditional Spanish tapas, done better than the other guys.  If you like the dates and the tortilla espanola at Firefly, wait until you try these.  If there were more meat options on the menu, it would be an easy five stars.  Now doing live music on Thursday nights, half off wine bottles on Mondays and Tuesdays.  They recently started a weekend brunch menu, which is stupid cheap ($6 for a full order of eggs benedict!) - the bananas foster french toast is a must try.  The real star here is the bar manager, Kelly, who is always working on some crazy concoction.  Last time we were in he whipped up a serrano-cucumber margarita for us, which was delicious.  Try it.  You won't be sorry.
Excellent food. I have been here quite a few times because it's close to my house. Very good prices at happy hour. I am usually watching my diet, so I might only drop by and have a drink or two most of the times that I come here. Dogfish Head Indian Brown on draft is my drink of choice.  But for dinner on a date night, it's a great place.
This restaurant is located in a nice southern highlands shopping center. I have passed it up before due to the yelp reviews but my boyfriend and I bought a groupon so we decided to try it. 

We were immediately greeted. When we sat down, our drink orders were taken right away. My boyfriend had a $5 draft beer, he was happy with the reasonable price. We ordered a variety of tapas, we had the 
mac&cheese, the stuffed peppers, the bacon wrapped dates, the sausage, spicy shrimp, and some ham and cheese croquettes. Everything was delicious! The spicy shrimp was my favorite, but the dates were a close second.

I would recommend this place to anyone who likes to try a little bit of everything on the menu.  :)

The service was really great and the food was even better!
We had lunch here yesterday, March 12th.  It was very disappointing, especially for the price paid.  My husband and I each ordered 2 small plates of tapas and each had one glass of sangria.  Our lunch bill, not including the tip, was $60!!!!!  The sangria did not even have chopped fruit in it, as did every other glass of sangria I had ever purchased at other restaurants. Sixty plus dollars was an outrageous price to pay for lunch.  We will not be back.  Las Vegas has too many other places to try.  We were excited, as Barcelona is just blocks from my son's house in Southern Highlands.  He had given this restaurant a few tries.  He said he will not be back either.
Delicious! The food was excellent and quick. Perfect portions. The staff was fantastic! Super attentive and nice. We loved the music and large seating. Came here originally to use a groupon, ended up getting happy hour and saving the groupon for later because we will be back!! 
We tried the calamari, tomato bruschetta, Mac & Cheese,  ravioli and stuff mushrooms OMG!! All yummy
This is a convenient local spot for us with the variety of tapas. The salami banderas is my fav app dish, if you crave something with a little kick. Usually they have $1 PBR drafts but that was replaced with Rolling Rock not bad but I was trying to get my hipster on.  
        The salami was great and the calamari was good but a little firm. I ordered the pork tacos which were a little more bland this time, should have grabbed the fish tacos which has a spicier sauce and slaw. My buddies ordered the sliders and had no complaints. Service was great this time on a fairly slow day, improvement from past visits. 

         It's a unique place for Southern Highlands with some really great dishes that offer a real variety compared to local bar foods. 4 out of 5.
Food was OK, not well paired. Overpriced for the amount you get. Will not be coming back.
Food is amazing!!!  I would have given this place 5 stars if they had better service,  five of us were there for brunch one of the orders was wrong, the price of one item was more than what the menu said and they didn't split the bill like we asked them to at the beginning.  I would definitely go back because the food amazing.  Food makes up for the poor service.
We made the reservations for my mom's birthday a month ago from Chicago. The menu we chose was excellent.  The food was excellent.  The location south of the strip, but honestly,  I can say it was worth the drive. I look forward to dining there when I'm back in town.
Great great great!!! Service food everything was amazing.... Filet medallions, dates, the bread is awesome too me an my gf love this place! Great prices
So I would have added some photos- but I ate and drank it all before the thought occurred to me! Anybody that knows tapas in Vegas knows about Firefly- this place is very comparable.  Though slightly pricier, Barcelona offers many of the same dishes that I frequent when I dine at Firefly: stuffed dates, camarones al ajillo and a la diabla, manchego mac 'n  cheese... Their Red Sangria is good, but I have to admit that I do prefer Firefly's.  But the best part- they're so much closer than Firefly (if you live in the Southern Highlands vicinity, that is)!  The staff has always been friendly and prompt each time I've come.  They have a full service bar, and a couple of TVs that always have some game on.  I'd definitely recommend this place for casual dining- lunch or dinner.
We wanted a nice convenient spot with good food, draft beer and decent service [sad that that's not easy to find but I digress]. We'd never been to Barcelona but decided to give it a try. Wow, we've been missing out on a local gem. I had no idea this was a chef owned restaurant, I would have tried it sooner! Friendly, quick service, reasonably priced draft beer and outstanding food. As I sipped my $5 Blue Moon and pondered the menu Viktor brought us some warm toasted bread with honey butter and warm humus (yum). I was already impressed. We wanted to be a little healthy so we had the house salad which is a nice mix of fresh greens, apples, candied walnuts and just the right amount of bleu cheese. Very nice. We also had the bruschetta, chicken tacos (excellent), and shrimp ceviche (best I've ever had, and I've eaten at some fancy celebrity chefs tapas spots on the Strip). Next time I want to try the chicken skewers, the homemade humus and feta, and stuffed piquillo peppers...hopefully that still leaves room for the shrimp ceviche. Don't hesitate to give this little local gem a try.
Great local spot for tapas & sangria. I live around the corner so this is one my family's favorite spots. The Mac & cheese & chorizo stuffed mushrooms are some of our faves. I personally love their fish tacos & sliders. Good for families, happy hour with friends or date night. Every table gives you privacy but also allows you to enjoy the live musical entertainment on the weekends.
I went to this place hoping for some wonderful tasty taps but I was a but disappointed only because it seems to me like they use the same sauce on most of there dishes. I had order the meatballs and stuffed mushrooms and my hubby order the mussels and they all tasted very similar with the same mild red sauce. It was mediocre food but a great happy hour price. We also had the red sangria I strongly suggest not to order it here its like red cheap wine with some simple syrup and fruit juice. But food was prompt and service was on point .
Their fish tacos & chorizo stuffed mushrooms are my favorite dishes!!! The fish tacos are little breaded fried piece of white fish. The coating is so light and flaky. It has a siracha sour cream sauce with a cabbage slaw. Their French fries are awesome too. The service is always on point but can get a little crowded Friday & Saturday nights.
Food is not good, that's basically it. Atmosphere is kind of dark, not comfortable. Service is not great but not bad...I'd probably give it a 3. Back to the food...it just doesn't taste good, it's prepared in a ton of grease and the presentation is not attractive. I stopped going here although I live close by. If my boyfriend ever wants to go which is almost never except there's not much else in the area so sometimes he gives in, I just sit idly by why he eats because I'd rather go to sleep hungry.
I have been here about 6 times and the food has gone downhill with every visit. What a shame, as this place use to be good. The only recommendations I have is the bacon wrapped dates, and the complimentary bread with the butter spreads.  Everything else...meh!! On my last visit, a few months back, I sat at the bar to enjoy a little video poker with a glass of red sangria and some bacon dates, after a long day at work. I did not feel relaxed, as the waiter would not leave me alone because I was not interested in ordering a full meal. After I was done, I cashed out but it was such an ordeal to get my money. They had to call 2 people over, just to give me $12 bucks!! One would think that I had hit a jackpot!! That made me feel uncomfortable.  I would have stayed longer, but the waiter was constantly glancing at my poker playing, and you could tell he wanted to voice his two cents with just about every move I would make with the cards I would keep!! Ugh!! Plus they have weird rules and policies written on a piece of paper tapped by the video machines. Not going back for gaming...that's for sure!! Or the food...
Convenient restaurant in Southern Highlands. We tried several things and they were all good. The salami skewers were yummy, and so were the stuffed mini peppers.
I entered the new Mandarin Oriental hotel and admired the decor, rode the elevator that has a red velvet bench in it up to the Sky Lobby on the 23rd floor, and sought out the Tea Lounge.  Mandarin Bar was to my right, and Twist restaurant to my left...where is the lounge?  The hostess from Twist graciously walked us to the area next to the lobby check-in.  It is unmarked and just has couches and chairs.

The view is great - the expanse of City Center is to the left and forward and on the right is a view of Planet Hollywood and Paris.  My group of 6 sat down and got barraged by servers (there is not a shortage of employees here).  We received both cocktail and tea menus.  The cocktail menus were steep (but what do we expect from a high end place?) - from $18-$22 for signature cocktails, plus "spoons" from the bar for $6 each - a la tuna tartare, etc.

We opted for tea (post-Raku dinner schmoozing).  A pot is $12 and has about 3 cups worth.  I ordered matcha, and my friends ordered Mandarin Oriental's black mandarin tea, and other friends got white jasmine tea.  Mine came in an opaque pot, while theirs was served in a clear pot where you can see the tea strainer in the middle, atop a clear base with a tea candle underneath.  It came with sugar, cream, and small biscotti.

The waitstaff was very attentive, the tea hot, and the biscotti replenished.  The pastries were out for the day (coming from the 3rd floor patisserie that was closed), but they have a cupcake bento that I will try next time!  This is a nice place to go with friends to unwind.  Afternoon high tea is also available.  Give it a go!  (At this time, there is only valet parking available).
We tried the Oriental Tea Lounge on a spur of the moment type thing when we were just checking out the Mandarin Oriental and were in awe at the beautiful views that this place out of the City Center trio offered. 

The $40 Afternoon Tea is what we went for and was easy to share between 2 people. You get a pot of tea plus mini desserts, scones, and yummy marmalades to go with it. What was really impressive was that they had 2 choices of marmalde..PLUS mascarpone. How cool is that?

All in all a great experience..this is great place to just relax and get away from all the strip madness and just chat with your pals over some very good quality teas
Love it, fabulous service, drop dead beautiful location, absolutely the best food & drink products. Worth every penny.
$12 for a pot of tea is killer but the view and the service are amazing. It's a great place to relax and also get some work done. 

Mandarin Orange Blend - This is one of their signature blends. It's a black tea and will get rather bitter if you leave the tea leaves in. It lacked a bit of fragrance and taste for me but nonetheless, it was a good tea. I think I'll have to opt for a Jasmine Pearl or a Lychee next time. The tea also comes with very delicious biscotti. 

What I really like about this place is the knowledge they impart to you about the tea. I learned that the water should be a boiling 212F and the tea leaves should be steeped for 3 minutes. I also like that they check on you every so often and they come by to pour your tea if you cup is empty. Again, impeccable service.
Great service, cheerful waitresses and prompt service, with a beautiful view. The tea lounge is located on the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental hotel.  Definitely check out the Amore Patisserie downstairs if you like their jams and would like to purchase some ($2 a small jar). Also the place is more expensive than the Four Seasons for afternoon tea.

The place has a nice section of tea, comparable to the Four Seasons, however, the teas are more Asian.  There afternoon tea is daily from 3-5p.  I had the decaf Illy coffee this time around and man was it good.  As for the desserts, I personally like their croissants the best with scones coming in at a close second. I thought their Devonshire cream was only ok, but their strawberry was very, very good.  The portions are somewhat small for the prices but nevertheless it is worth it every once in a while.  Unfortunately wifi is not free but I can still sit there a couple of hours on end just admiring the view.   

I would definitely recommend going if you have the time to lounge in Sin City.
One of the nicest places in Vegas to sit and relax.  The Tea Lounge is a beautiful, peaceful spot for exotic Asian-influenced teas and light desserts such as scones and tea cakes.  I would have liked more privacy between the tables, as the lounge is basically a wide-open space set aside next to the Sky Lobby, but the intent is obviously for all to enjoy to the view.  Highly recommended.
Wonderful views, prompt and chipper service, comfortable surroundings and a lovely pot of tea.

Barely made it for last call at 10pm, but the server was still very accommodating.  Unfortunately they don't serve pastries after the Patisserie closes, but they still served some biscotti.  Enjoyed a relaxing blend and some great night views.  The open loungy area is good for people watching.
My friend and I did the afternoon tea time one beautiful Saturday afternoon. We were sat at the table by the window side. The scones tasted horrible but the sandwiches were pretty good. We even ordered seconds. We took most of our desserts back to our room since we were pretty full. The tea was quite delicious too.

Thanks "Cosmo" for a great girl's weekend!
Over looking Las Vegas Blvd, great tea, cocktail and wine selection with light appetizers. If you want a seat by the window, remember to make reservations ahead of time. Great stop to rest your feet after walking up and down the strip!
Yessss!  High tea (literally!) in Vegas!  A perfect way to wind down after a day of shopping and recovering from the night before, when you're feeling a bit peckish but don't want to stuff yourself because you have a late dinner reservation.  Views are stunning (even better in the bar at night), though that empty lot next to Planet Hollywood is a bit of an eyesore, but I can't blame it on the tea, or the Mandarin Oriental.  I can't believe no one's thought of high tea on the Strip before.
This place...in the words of Usher ..."O O O O O My gosh!" Exquisite! This is just the most tranquil place in Las Vegas. Sitting high up on the 23rd floor next to the hotel lobby with a gorgeous view and excellent service! A great place to have some peace and quiet amongst the craziness of Vegas or to have a little chit chat with friends. No drunkards, no cigarette smoke, no tackiness, not a hint of casino-ness. Only pure class.  The tea and the pastries are great as well! The only downer of this place is that there is not much selection. I'll be back for sure!
I hate to bring down the overall rating of the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge....but I thought it was a bit of a disappointment...

I was told how awesome the views were, but actually the views from any guestroom are just as nice.  You can't see all the way down the Strip, just a couple hotels.  

The atmosphere is nice in the lobby for tea service, and it's an eclectic mix of folks, but at the same time it's a bit too quiet for Vegas.  Yes it's high tea, but it's not a library.  

I was most disappointed by the cupcake flight!  The cupcakes were really small (like I couldn't even cut it in half to share) and they were dry and barely edible.  The tea was probably the best part; I got the green tea and it was some of the best tea I've ever had.

If you are a huge tea fan, come here.  But if you are just looking to have a drink or snacks at a hotel bar with a view, try somewhere else!
The Tea Lounge is really more an area set to the side of the lobby and in front of the Mandarin Bar.  For some reason, I was expecting to have a more secluded area.  The lobby does not seem to get too noisy as it is small, so I suppose it is not really an issue unless you have a disgruntled hotel employee.

Another interesting logistical note is that they do not really advertise their valet parking, so you might drive right by it.  I am not sure how far you would walk if you decided to self park.  Since this is Vegas, valet charge is only a tip anyways, so unless you don't want someone driving your Bentley, then you should be okay.

Due to the recession or that it's location is pretty secluded, this place does not seem like it is too busy.  But enough people seem to know about this place, so you probably should get a reservation, especially if you want to sit by the window.  There are only two small (for two) tables and one medium (for four) tables right by the window.  However, you should get a decent view from the rest of the lounge.

Basically, you can either just get a tea for $12 that comes with a couple of biscottis a person or you can go crazy and get the $35-40 sets that have several fancy bites.  Unlike the SLS in LA, everything comes out all at once.  I did not order the set, so I cannot comment on the taste, but I am sure it is just fine.

The teas are of good quality, though I actually thought that the bottom of the kettle got a bit coarse for both the Puh Er and the Jasmine.  I guess I should have swirled it before I poured.  Tsk, tsk.

Service is top notch and very delicate.  The staff were all very lovely and well trained.  I was caught off guard since I haven't had decent service anyway in a while.  I had forgotten what it was like to be treated well.

Also, note that though it says high tea is served at 2:30, if you are not getting the special sets, you can just order tea or whatever if it just after lunch or you are early as I was.

In sum, if you love tea, have good company or would like some quiet time to chill and indulge yourself (I did see a solo tea drinker and she seemed to be having a nice relaxing time chilling out by herself), then this is your place.
VERY uncomfy window seats, uncomfy couch. Too quiet, scones and cream was horrendous. 

Finger sandwiches and pastries were decent. OK selection of teas (no Darjeeling), good service and all you can eat.

Worth a try if you haven't had high tea, otherwise high tea at Bellagio is alot better.
luv luv luv this place... best view... service is excellent... best of all???
it's all you can eat !!! can't beat that anywhere... you gotta do the afternoon tea... try any of the floral and fruit teas... most excellent !!
Beautiful spot for an afternoon tea. But the tea could be much better. When I asked where it was from they said Canada. Seems strange to get tea from Canada Mandarin can do better. 

I love the view its a great spot to have a tea and the finger sandwiches were excellent.
Very relaxing.  $12/pot to relax and enjoy the view?  Perfect!  and the tea was quite good.
The Skinny: pretty good afternoon tea despite the issues with reservations, uncomfortable seating arrangements and the lack of tea in the tea pot (3.5) service - excellent (5) value: not bad for afternoon tea, except I've had better for less (3).

I booked the tea lounge reservation for a little bit of post-spa relaxation after a little bachelorette get together.

For those who don't know, high tea is a British tradition where you have a nice tuck-in during the early afternoon and have a lighter dinner later in the evening. There is nothing quite like sipping some tea, nibbling on some treats while contemplating the vicissitudes of life with friends. This is the ultimate luxury on a lazy afternoon.

I have to say, I'm a little disappointed in the reservation system they have here at the Tea Lounge. For a reservation for 8 - it took 2 days to hear back from reservations for the tea lounge in addition to requiring a faxed form with my signature and credit card. I think the faxed form was a little excessive given that we've reserved more expensive meals in the past without this requirement (just a credit card number over the phone was sufficient).

Enough griping - onto the afternoon tea experience. 

Service was excellent - warm, efficient but not too overwhelming.

Our table was set for us and our seats consisted of a long couch and some cushioned chairs. This arrangement was a little uncomfortable due to the height of the table. For those sitting on the couch, the table was a little too high while being too low for those in chairs.

We all ordered the afternoon tea set which cost $40. This is basically an all can eat affair - so feel free to indulge.

When the tea arrived, I was disappointed that I couldn't see the herbal leaves in the transparent pot. That's kind of a no-no when it comes to a nice cup of tea. Overall, I felt the herbal tea could have steeped a little longer. It was nice that the pots had a small burner underneath to keep the tea warm though.

The sandwiches were hit or miss. There was a ham sandwich, a curry chicken sandwich and a smoked salmon sandwich. While the ham and salmon were alright, the curry chicken salad sandwich was full of flavour.

The scones came fresh from the oven and piping hot - as they ought to be. Texturally, they were a little on the dry side for my tastes. However this can be easily overlooked with the addition of devonshire cream and lovely preserves (the fig jam is outstanding). If you want more, you'll have to let your server know in advance because they have to bake them fresh from the oven each time.

Finally, the sweets. The chocolate cake was luxurious without being too sweet. The berry tart painted with a golden glaze was a nice light touch to the end of the meal. The madelines were lovely and the chocolates divine.

If you've never experienced high tea before, then you're certainly in for a treat. If you already love high tea, this place may be a bit of a disappointment if you take into account how they make their tea, their seating arrangements and the hassle to book the lounge if you're in a large group. 3.5 starred review.
Great view, tasty food, bad service, mediocre tea.  Waitress was confused and couldn't get our order right.   Tea was weak, and not served hot.  I  didn't send it back because the poor waitress seemed so overwhelmed I didn't want to stress her anymore.  Instead, I enjoyed the view and the company.  But definitely did not get our money's worth.  They were out of scones, so they finally  arrived after the rest of the food.  Wrong tea was served.  An ordered cocktail wasn't delivered.  
On the plus side, the beno box was beautiful to behold
View - 4
Food - 4
Service - 1
Tea - COLD

I booked ahead of time and we were sat at a prime table right by the window so we could enjoy the view. A complete tea (tea, sandwiches, scones and pastries) runs $40/pp but....it includes all you can eat! Not that one intends to stuff oneself with scones, buts its nice to know that you can have another mini sandwich if you're still hungry. My sister tried the cupcake bento box and she liked it. My friend and I also tried some tea cocktails, pricy but good :) 

All in all, the food was very tasty and the tea would have been good if the water was hot. It wasn't. Also, our server was very confused at all times and mixed up/forgot many of our teas and tea cocktails. I was shocked to receive such poor service at a place like this. It seemed as though she had no idea what we ordered and who ordered what...the chaos was unsettling. Things arrived haphazardly and were piled on our table. I am not sure I would return, but I will miss the yummy ham and horseradish sandwiches. I do not think we got our money's work and I also hate when I actually feel bad for my server and neglect to make a simple request to make their life easier. That's how stressed out she was.
If you consider yourself to be a person of leisure you need to acquaint yourself with the ritual of afternoon tea. Specifically English High Tea. I was staying at the Mandarin Oriental and figured the tea lounge was a special feature of the hotel and I do love me some devonshire cream.

It was pretty crowded and I didn't have a reservation but was seated at a side table. (I think you have a reservation you are a higher priority for the window seats with the view from the 23rd Floor)

I chose some holiday themed tea that had a cider in it and then they brought the scones/sandwiches and desserts on a tired tray. Everything was tiny and cute and DELICIOUS. I read from another Yelper that you can ask for extras this would be my only gripe NO ONE TOLD ME-I would have loved another scone. 

It was delicious, dignified and more or less out of control.
You don't usually think "high tea" when you think of Vegas. You think of showgirls, slot machines & douchbags (at least I do), but since experiencing Mandarin Oriental's Tea Lounge on the 23rd floor of the hotel, Vegas to me now means an afternoon of finger sandwiches & pots of tea. 

$40 per person buys you a comfy couch with a to-die-for view of The Strip, four finger sandwiches, your own pot of tea, two scones, five mini desserts & this strawberry-chocolate preserve that I could have drank like water. Portions are deceptively petite; you will leave stuffed (especially if you take advantage of their "want seconds? have it!" policy.)

Service was phenomenal; so polite & refined & demure. 

Sidenotes:
1) Comedian Louie Anderson was having high tea there. If it's good enough for him, surely it's good enough for you.
2) I ordered a lychee green tea, which was light & refreshing but my companion's "Nutcracker" tea (black with hazelnut & vanilla flavors) was so bold, sweet & delicious--I highly recommend it if you like sweet instead of floral.
3) Everything was delicious. It wasn't just about presentation here (unlike other high tea joints); the tiny bites were exceptionally tasty.
No, they don't have Darjeeling tea, but you know what, am I going to dock off some points off of a restaurant review because my dish didn't come with gold flakes on top?  Please, grow up..

But actually, you know what would've been great though?  This doesn't factor into my review, but although I love the view of the south end of the strip, I wish the Mandarin Oriental had built its tea lounge to face the west instead of the north.  That way, during afternoon tea, people could watch the sunset.  Just my fantasy :D oh well.

Mandarin Oriental, as you should know, is renowned for their Asian-inspired service.  When I visited, it was nothing short of what I expected.  In fact, it was nothing short of what I expect EVERY time I've been there.

Let me tell you, Tea Station, one of the biggest chains of Asian tea, is right up the street.  A drink there costs around $3-6.  At MO, a pot is $12.  A pot is meant to be shared.  Trust me, MO is not known to skip out on quality.  Walk into their bathroom nearby, and you'll see; it's the best bathrooms on the strip.

Anyways, the tea was great.  Except for the matcha- I have now established that I hate pure matcha green tea.  They also have condiments upon request, like sugar (cubed or powdered), honey (in tiny jars), milk, and other stuff.  We ordered a bunch of scones and pastries one time, and they were all great.

One evening actually, one of the workers told us that the sandwiches were replaced every hour, so if they're not eaten or ordered, they're just going to be thrown away, only to be replaced by a freshly made batch.  Luckily, we came in during the last 30 minutes of the lounge.  We got A LOT of sandwiches and other goodies.. for free.

It helps when you're nice to people.  And when you don't act like a stuck-up tourist thinking that you'd be treated like kings.

I mean, yes, you will be, but it makes all the difference between receiving amazing service that goes over the top, or a confused waitress who doesn't know what she's doing.

Oh and by the way, someone earlier complained about it being too quiet.  That place is GREAT for business meetings and for people to just relax.  Omfg, it's TEA.  You want a lively atmosphere with drinks?  We got plenty- go to Diablos, the Freakin' Frog on the east side, or better yet, Hooters.
Was a delightful experiences... I am glad that I didn't acknowledge the dissatisfied reviews that I read... It was relaxing to view the strip from the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel... I can imagine what it would look like on a clear and beautiful day or night... Today a friend I enjoyed Classic English Afternoon Tea... Reminded me of when I was younger... It consist of freshly brewed loose leaf tea of our choice... I had the Jasmin Green Tea oolong - (it smelled divine )... I can't remember what my friend had but it had a really sweet smell... Our selection of mini treats and sandwiches were as follow:

 Salmon cucumber & watercress spread - This was my favorite and I don't eat fish
Egg salad chives served on brioche - Ok a litt bitter
Curried chicken salad sandwich - Had a lil bit to it
Black Forest ham & horseradish cream - Didn't really care for - don't like ham... but it was tasty

Fresh baked scones,w/ Devonshire cream, chocolate strawberry preserve and a berry preserve

Chocolate & Passionfruit Delice - very good
72% Chocolate Layer Cake - was a little rich
Almond Flourless Chocolate Cake - my favorite
Mocha Opera Gateau - very good

The serve was a little slow getting to us to take our order, but once she had taken our order and severed us, she made sure to check on us periodically... The experience was one I would like to experience again and I recommend it to everyone... For some 40.00 a person may seem a lot but I actually think it was a steal... I really enjoyed it...

The hotel decor was very simple and tasteful - valet was the best I have encountered in awhile...
Really lovely place!  I kind of felt like I was going to this really fancy and secret place...It's definitely fancy...but I think more people are finding out about this hidden gem.  
My mom and I read an article in Seven magazine about it....decided to give it a try.  Really elegant, amazing decor, wonderful, 1st class service, and tasty treats.  We ordered the afternoon tea...which normally only serves 1 person but they allowed us to split it.  It comes with 3 different plates with mini treats on each.  The first plate we had were the warm scones with fresh made blueberry jam and also strawberry/chocolate jam.  Hands down...my favorite treat of the day!  Second plate were the afternoon tea sandwiches: chicken curry, ham with horseradish sauce, smoked salmon with cucumber and egg salad.  They were okay...some of the bread seemed a little stale.  Lastly, we had the desert plate.  I can't remember all of the treats on the plate but they were all pretty good.  And of course the tea was good.
Without a doubt....this is some of the best service I've ever had in Las Vegas!  Our waitress was so elegant and attentive.  Never made us feel out of place.  The environment is very thoughtful and well designed.  Very peaceful...if you couldn't see the strip, you might forget you were in Las Vegas!  However, the tea room has a beautiful view of the strip!  
We ended up parking at Aria in self park...It's a very short walk over to the Mandarian Oriental.  However, you can use their valet.  As with all Vegas valets...it's complimentary (with a tip!).
I plan on going again...it'd be a great place to meet up with girlfriends, and my husband wants to try it....However, on my second visit I will only have tea and scones.  Wonderful combo!
A perfect respite from the crazies of Las Vegas. A quiet, small, library-like understated elegant atmosphere with 100% real class and customer service. Here, they treat you like you are moneyed, even if you are not. That is the hallmark of good, old school service.

The best $60 I've ever spent on champagne, afternoon tea, good conversation and a lovely view. Perfect baby portions of delicate treats and never-ending tea pot refills. I tried the Mandarin tea mix and was pleasantly surprised with the subtle hint of orange spice. Not too overpowering. Watch out for the wasabi peanuts. 

Come here just before sunset to watch the Strip neon lights wake up.

The bathroom has a killer view as well and tiny, entertaining TVs built into the mirrors advertising their hotel & spa. Frankly, if the spa service is anything like their afternoon tea, that's going to be my next review!
Came here with some girl friends during a trip to Vegas. LOVED it! It's a nice break from all the noise. The tea was quite great - perfect temperature, great taste. The only thing I didn't care for....having to continuously flag down the wait staff. I'm usually an understanding person when a restaurant's busy BUT there was plenty of staff around to help :/

Two Warnings/Tip: 
1. Make reservations (they get busy on the weekends)
2. If everyone at the table orders the "afternoon tea set" you can get a second helping of sandwiches and tea :)

Highly recommended :)
the Mandarin Oriental never disappoints, and the interior decoration of this Sin City location lives up to the generally chic luxe feel of the chain.

The tea lounge was elegantly appointed (no Vegas garishness here), and was situated in a section adjoining the lobby of the 23rd floor. It's not in its own room and sits outside the Mandarin Bar.

It was a perfect afternoon break with the gals during a frenetic Vegas trip.

I got the afternoon tea set and the sandwiches were very good, as were the petit fours. A bit disappointed by the scone as it was quite light and soft, but it was plain and without flavor. On the other hand, some people may prefer that traditional version. The devonshire cream and jams served with the tea set were delicious and fresh tasting.

So as you can tell, there were many pros! The tea was also quite good and elegantly presented in glass teapots on votive warmers.

Cons?
- $$$$
- your entire party needs to order the afternoon tea in order to receive seconds. I've never had this issue at other teahouses before, so was surprised that they had this policy. -1 star for being stingy at such a high price point.
This place is awesome! We had the green tea with scones. It was delicious. If there was one thing I could criticize, it would be the price. One pot of tea with scones ran me 26.00. It was a bit pricy but delicious non the less. There is a nice partial view of the strip as well.
We went here for afternoon tea because I am a huuuuge fan of afternoon tea! It is from 2:30-5pm. It's a lounge on the 23rd floor with huge glass walls so you can see the strip. We sat right by the window. For $40 you get a pot of tea of your choice, 5 sandwiches, 2 scones and a plate of petite desserts. We were a little hungry after finishing but we found out you can get a second round! It made the $40 much more acceptable! The scones are more like little biscuits. They come out a lightly crisped on the outside but super warm and moist on the inside - not like scones I am used to. The clotted cream is oh so yummy! All of the sandwhiches were good but not great. I prefer the sandwiches at St. Regis. But we were still very happy with everything. Just a note, it's VERY quiet in there. The service is good, the ladies were very sweet.
I can drink tea anytime of the day and feel there aren't enough places that have quality tea let alone have a setting to sit and enjoy tea.

I didn't notice til later that the pots are Teavana, but I thought in my head that a few sounds like some I have had from there. They probably are special blends for Mandarin since looking the names up popped up empty. The pu-erh is decent, but it's an earth based tea that isn't for everyone. The service was friendly and unobtrusive in passing by to pour tea.

I try French macarons at every venue possible and excited to find that they are served here. Ggreen tea macaron ,I must! Though it was a well made macaron (a sad rarity of LV), I don't think it's worth going up there to get $2 smallish ones when the craving hits. If I'm here for tea, yes, but I rather take home palm sized Bouchon ones. Still, I'm happy to find one other place with decent macarons. 

 This isn't perfect a venue, but I get that this isn't a tea town. Stowing it into a lobbys excess space makes sense though it could use a little bit more partition. The decor felt upscale enough, but could use a bit more comfort in the padding. 

Tea is meant for relaxation, but it definitely was a bit library so don't come here to do private talk since you'll probably be heard. After a night of partying, a busy relay at the buffets or just tired feet needing a break somewhere, this is a good place to take in a view and sip peace of mind.
5 stars for the AMAZING view. Located just off the 23rd floor lobby, this was a relaxing and peaceful setting to enjoy a mid-afternoon glass of pinot grigio paired with some cupcakes. Wine was fantastic - cupcakes would've tasted better if they didn't cost $22 for 4 minis! Would love to come back to do the whole afternoon tea set but will have to do so with girlfriends - the hubby's Y chromosome causes him to run for cover at the mention of tea cups and scones. We just dropped in and managed to get seated on the last available couch so I would definitely recommend doing reservations as well. If anything, it's worth a ride up the elevator to get a quiet glimpse of crazy Vegas.
I love this place. When you need a nice, cozy, little spot to get away and meditate over the sweeping scenes of the strip this definitely is the place to be. I enjoy taking guests here when we need to play catch up and they need a spot to hide from the strip's hustle n bustle. A little pricy for a tea but well worth it when you need some quiet time. And besides, it's in the Mandarin I expect to come outta the pocket a little when I visit any of these upscale environments.

I almost wish there was some sort of quaint little stream or water fountain flowing straight through the middle of the lobby of the hotel and into the lounge just to complete the zen effect I feel going on here. Heh, wishful thinking on my part. But hey, you won't find any belligerent daiquiri-wielding drunkards and spring break revelers here. Its just you, your tea and if you want little bites of (decent) pastries. Upon my last visit, me and my then gf's mom visited and we were somewhat disappointed that the main tea room/lounge was full but the bar had just opened up so our hostess offered to seat us at the bar next door with views just as pretty as the tea lounge! Score!
Beautiful! A hidden gem. I would never have known about this place if I hadn't seen a photo in Food & Wine magazine. We visited the Tea Lounge and enjoyed a stunning view of the Vegas strip. 

They have a large selection of loose leaf teas organized by calming, rejuvenating, healing properties, etc.  The tea is brewed for you and served in a personal teapot perched atop a candle warmer. Lemon and honey are served along with various sugars. We ordered pastries to accompany our teas: a German chocolate cupcake, red velvet cupcake, and scones & jam. 

The tea was purifying, the treats delightful, and the service professional and polite. The hotel decor is so artistic and simple. I found myself taking numerous photos of the lobby wall, our coffee table, the ottomans, etc. We enjoyed every minute. 

note: we ordered off the a la carte menu, but during 2:30-5:00 you can participate in English tea service with miniature pastries, tea sandwiches for $40.
Our first visit to the Tea Lounge was on a brisk February day in 2010. It was serendipity at the time to have found this because we would not have known it was there except for the valet telling us not to miss it and directing us to the 23rd floor. Nice guy to have clued us in because my hubby and I both considered it one of the highlights of that trip. (Another - the Chihuly Exhibit at City Center. Another, tapas at Firefly. Still another, a day at Red Rocks Canyon National Rec Center.) 

The serenity started the moment we walked into the Tea Lounge. The aroma of tea wafted through the lovely room and we were escorted by a beautiful young woman, one of the servers, dressed in the black skirt and white blouse of the staff, to a table by the window for a view of the hustle and bustle below. 

At roughly noon on a weekday there were probably only about six people in the lounge. For about $12 we shared a pot of perfectly brewed tea, with two complementary biscotti, and marveled at the number of people scurrying on the streets below us. Enveloped in the peace of the tea room I asked my hubby, "Do you suppose this is what God feels like?" 

Unfortunately, we are going back to Las Vegas next month. I say unfortunately because it is not a city I like very much and yet I have been there seven times, eight with the upcoming trip, in the last sixteen years. What one does to maintain marital harmony! On this trip we will be meeting some of hubby's New York cousins and one of my cousins in law is looking forward to being in LV even less than am I. I'll take her to the tea room one day. That should make her feel better. Maybe even for high tea service, which starts about 2:30 I think and goes to 5:30. Even at $40 / head for the high tea, it seems like entertainment and sustenance all in one that is a lot bigger bang for the buck than some other LV experiences I can think of. 

I hope we can get a window seat this time. But looks like the secret is out about this peaceful oasis from LV chaos and tea reservations might be needed.
Quiet elegance and incredible service with an outstanding view.  Located just off of the 23rd floor "sky lobby" check-in desk, the Tea Lounge looks out the north side of the tower over Crystals and the Boulevard.  Servers were dressed in gold jackets and attended with the best blend of friendliness and courtesy.  Tea is served after brewing at 200F and kept piping hot over a candle.  Gold-trimmed china cups & saucers are placed on the table as well as a plate for biscotti and a small pitcher of cream.  The Mandarin Oriental blend was delicious (similar to Darjeeling but with more citrus notes).  A great place to relax and, quite literally, be above it all.
This is a review of the afternoon tea service - this time with only 2 people instead of 6 the last time.

The Skinny: Although a beautiful view, the uncomfortable seating, misses with the food and tea made this place a (3) Service: a little on the slow side, the service was only so-so (3), Value: now only 1 refill of the petit fours, scones and sammys... boo! (3)

After a lazy Sunday morning, I decided to treat the hubby to a relaxing afternoon tea at 3 pm. When you're making reservations for 2 people, it's relatively a breeze with Opentable.com compared to my large group experience.

There are very few places that serve afternoon tea on the Strip. The Mandarin Oriental gets bonus points because it may be the only one on the Strip that offers spectacular views, operates every day of the week AND won't leave you smelling like you've been cavorting around the casino all day (ie, not smokey!).

For our little tete-a-tete, we both ordered the classic afternoon tea set ($40 per person, choice of loose leaf tea, 1 refill each of scones, sandwiches, and petit fours). 

After being spoiled by the Pennisula in Chicago, their tea service is okay in my books. Pet peeve - I didn't like the fact that their loose leaf tea was served without tea leaves in the teapot. And while my jasmine white pearl tea was quite nice, the matcha tea was overly mild and lacked flavour.

There were some issues with the food. The sandwiches had quite nice fillings especially the curried chicken sandwiches (admittedly the ham sammys were a little on the unoriginal side). Unfortunately, the bread was a little too dry which detracted from the overall experience. 

Scones, served appropriately warm, were a little too mushy on the inside while the devonshire cream lacked that buttery, custardy aroma. The homemade preserves of blueberry and mixed berry were ho-hum and didn't offer something exciting (the fig jam at the previous event was much more intriguing and delicious!).

Finally, the petit fours tray. The only dessert I wouldn't have minded a second taste was the almond/marzipan macaroon. Slightly chewy, the almond paste really knocked that cookie out of the park for me. The opera cake chocolate ganache tart and matcha financier were texturally a little dry. The chocolate/caramel tart was overly sweet.

The service, considering how much you are paying for an afternoon tea here, was okay but not spectacular. Our server took a long time to bring out our tea and didn't refill our glasses of water. She also forgot to bring out refills of our condiments.

Overall, despite it's shortcomings, it was a pleasant afternoon experience and deserves a 3-starred review.
Gorgeous atmosphere and view. Really great service. About $40/each. Make reservations!!!

The food is ok, the desserts were not on par for the price. The sandwiches were really tasty although the ham sandwich was a little heavy. The egg salad was the best one. For all, the bread was a little hard and slightly dry. 

The best things here are the scones! They are extremely buttery and delicious!! The strawberry jam was the best of the three. Usually I prefer my Devonshire cream a little lighter, this one was more buttery.

Remember to ask for seconds (you get seconds of everything if you want). Especially of the scones!

Tea-wise: the tea was OK, the white tea (jasmine pearl) was the best- it is a flowery white tea, delicate in flavor, but rich in aroma. The green teas were decent, the lychee tea was the best of the three. If you prefer milk and sugar in your tea (English style) I would try some other kind of tea since most Asian teas are not made to be served that way.
So good.  Seriously good.  If you want to treat yourself like British royalty, join the MO Tea Lounge for High Tea.  The cucumber sandwiches are tasty, the service is impeccable, the Oolong is divine, and the afternoon view is the best in town!
More of a 3.5 stars. 

Got the classic english afternoon tea with the bestie when she was in town. $40/person 

The food's alright, but nothing to write home about. I have to agree that the seats are kinda uncomfortable.  I would definitely go again though. It was fun.  Definitely get Osmanthus Oolong though. It was one of the best tea I've ever had!
Great view of the strip, nice ambiance....

Came here for my girl's bachelorette party.  Cute idea if you're looking for something to do in the afternoon with a bunch of your gal pals.  Otherwise, why would anyone have a tea party in Vegas? haha

Classic English Afternoon tea for around $40 bucks.   This includes a pot of tea, a plate of mini sandwiches, scones, and desserts.  Each girl could choose her own tea and I believe you can choose a second tea after?  I can't remember so make sure you ask.  Also you can get seconds of everything, but nothing more (of course I asked!).  I liked the Jasmine pearl and lychee tea.  Sandwiches were good but the desserts and scones were eh tasting.   Our service was nice but they seemed kind of slow sometimes and non existent when we needed someone.

They also have a Vegan menu you can ask about ahead of time.

The ambiance isn't that typical cutesy tea party room with doilies and hats, but very modern with a clean, calming atmosphere.  There's a great panoramic view of the strip, most of the tables were near the windows so that was nice.  

I don't know if this was worth 40 bucks to me, especially since I"ve been to tea lounges in SD and London for less with tastier treats.  But it is Vegas, the view is fabulous, atmosphere is nice and it's cool they have this offered if you feel like having some tea and snacks.  Pinkies up!
Gorgeous view, gorgeous interior. Despite this, don't expect much of the afternoon high tea. That's especially if you've had high tea in Britain or Hong Kong. 

The space itself is very tiny--immediately adjacent the check-in desk, with only a slatted decorative piece separating the two spaces. As a result, the din of the check-in lobby easily floats into the tea lounge. Though the noise might not be jarring, it does become distracting when large waves of groups start checking in... Not the most gentile environment for a serene cup of tea. 
 
The lounge ambiance, apart from the odd placement, was very pleasant. The service was charmingly hospitable. The culinary presentation, top notch. The tea, decent. The sandwiches, sparse and bland. The scones, still in the oven when the rest of our fare had arrived :-/ but well worth the extra wait. 

All in all, go for the ambiance, service and experience. But foodies, don't get your hopes up.

It's tiny and table choices are thin. So I'd advise booking a table for a party of 4 or more, just to be safe.
Warning: Do not order the Matcha Green Tea here! It's basically hot water plus a sprinkle of Matcha. I never knew you could go wrong with it.

My friend always gets the Jasmine Pearl so try that instead (if you want to be on the safe side).

The service is exceptional and the view is spectacular (hence, the 4 stars)! I came here in the evening so didn't have the "tea time" experience but will be coming back for the afternoon tea time :)

*besides, the Matcha, was a little disappointed in their tea set (i'm pretty sure no one really cares but... someone might)
The Mandarin Oriental is part of the City Center Complex that opened in 2009 on the center of the Las Vegas strip.  It offers a five star level of service with a style that seamlessly blends oriental and modern style into a sophisticated yet relaxed environment.j  Red and gold flairs throughout a minimalist scheme.

As a fan of afternoon high tea (tea, dessert, and light sandwiches?  Sure, why not?), my curiosity was piqued to check out a different style than what I have had in Vegas.  This follows my disturbingly disappointing experience at Bellagio, the dreamy experience of Four Seasons, (and many others prior to that outside of Vegas such as Grand Floridian in Walt Disney World, three other Four Seasons, Alice's Tea Cup in NYC, Savannah Tea Room, etc, etc...) 

First thing's first: The view is dynamic.  You must MUST have reservations as there are three different tables next to the window to offer the best view.  The rest of the tables aren't far but don't offer what these three do.

Second: The service was excellent.  I only had to nod at a server to have them glide over with a smile and check on the state of our meal.  The young ladies were charming - deceptively.  They were on the ball, making sure everyone was taken care of while making the whole practice seem effortless.  They knew plenty about the Mandarin Oriental, the teas they were offering, as well as their competition.  The Conversation was friendly and not to mention they offered complimentary refills on pastries and other sandwiches.  SCORE.

Now, the food: The only reason I didn't reward a 5th star was because while this tea was excellent the food was very good but not EXCELLENT.  The sandwiches were delicious but the pastries didn't quite hit a home run for me.  A little too sweet and didn't contrast well with the tea I was drinking - I wish I was drinking something a little more muted and less sweet.  Next time I'm going to drink a heavier, more traditional tea to compliment the sweet factor of my meal.  

***This place is currently 2nd on my list of Afternoon Tea's to enjoy in Vegas and within the top ten in the country.  I recommend this over the Bellagio Tea and if you have any questions as to why, please check out my review of that location. ***
The most civilized location on The Strip.
To be fair, I'd give it a 3.5.  A four star would mean I'm a repeat customer.  A three star means it was average.  I'm somewhere in between.

Hits:
-The view is stellar.  I called ahead to reserve a table by the window for the best view.  When we arrived, we were not disappointed.  This was a treat for my sister's birthday.  And she loved it.

-The food.  Some reviewers say that the food is average. I thought it was above average.  I loved the ham sandwich, and the curried chicken sandwich, the scones were warm and buttery, the jam and marmalade were heavenly.  The sweet potato tart was good.  The chocolate bon bon and cake was just okay.  There is room for improvement, but it was better than average.

-The design.  I loved the rug, the chairs, the tables, the drift wood chandelier.  Gorgeous pieces here.  Classy and refined, not too girly.

Minuses
-The tea.  My Earl Grey wasn't as robust as I usually like.  And although it was brewed at the right temperature, it cooled too fast upon pouring.

-My server was the worst.  I looked around at all the other tables and noticed everyone else's server was great.  But mine was just checked out.  She didn't take our order for like 8 minutes.  And she never came back to check on us.  We had to flag down the other servers for help.  I was shocked.  I'm used to the most excellent service at MO, but man, she was not living up to the reputation.

For $40 pp, it's steep for tea service. (pun totally intended.)  And you can find better tea and food elsewhere.  But for a special occasion, I think many people would enjoy this.
Favorite place to hangout! Drinks are pricey though.
MO tea lounge is always my number one spot for high tea in Vegas. I totally love the atmosphere and pretty pastries here. Its the perfect place for girls hang out, baby shower, bridal shower or just simply enjoy your afternoon with view from 23rd floor. Did I mention my fav pastry was their scones! Best scone I ever had (better than blackcurrant scones at  four seasons hotel in Vegas). Mandarin orange tea, earl grey, and lychee green tea all go well with pastries. 

I got a friend visiting in town from Cali this week. So I decided to show him couple of my fav spots in town. Of course, tea lounge was on my list. (Afternoon tea time is from 2-5pm everyday.) We arrived around 4:55pm and they already stopped serving afternoon tea set. However we decided to stay and enjoyed the sunset view of Vegas strip with couple small bites and some nice tea. It was my first time ordered small bites at tea lounge because I always came here for afternoon tea sets. It did not let me down at all!! We ordered Wagyu burger, cheese plate and a pot of my fav mandarin orange tea. Wagyu Burger was very juicy n tender mmmm... and "Saint-Andr" brie cheese serving with sweet mashed peer jam was awesome!! I didn't expect their small bites tasted so good. I gave it a "wow". 

Services in MO is always outstanding. Food is excellent. Its kinda pricey but definitely worth it to spend.
First off, I am a HUGE high tea/tea fan.  On vacations or at home, my Husband and I like to spend an afternoon having good conversation over tea and scones.  I know it sounds silly, but it's my thing - what can I say.  After doing some pre-trip research, I learned that the Mandarin Oriental does high tea and also has a tea lounge.  Since we didn't really want to plan our whole trip out, I figured we would stop in at some point in our three days and get some tea, and that's exactly what happened.  Though we didn't have a reservation, we were seated quickly around 3pm.  At first a table by the window wasn't open, but right after we sat down the couple by the window left, so we asked to move to the better location and were graciously accommodated!

The Hubs and I shared the Mandarin Oriental tea and scones (since we just wanted a light bite).  The tea was light and delicious, as were the scones.  The scones were served warm and were so buttery.  Loved the ginger jam it came with along with the cream.  The view is the real treat for sure.  I could sit on that 23rd floor all day having tea.  It was a very nice afternoon retreat.  I hope to go back soon for the full afternoon tea experience!
I've never done high tea, and this was a great experiences. Make a reservation for a window seat and make decisions on life that will make and break your next several years. Its a very reflective time and the hustle and bustle of vegas below is very soothing in a strange way.  Very relaxing and opens your eyes to a unique perspective.  

Had the Mandarin Oriental blend, which was very good.  I had eaten a burger for lunch about 2 hours earlier so I opted for the dessert bento. Very large selection and great chocolate decadence, finished maybe 1/3 of that but it was really good. 

Service was spot on as well.
This is a beautiful lounge with an amazing view and excellent service.  The tea is quality and well presented.  There is also a nice cocktail selection.  I haven't tried the food.  

It is, however, a bit pricey.  I understand that it caters to a higher level clientele, but if the prices were a tad more reasonable, I'd return far more often (and award it with 5 stars).
I had high tea at MO Tea Lounge this past weekend and had an overall nice experience.  You just simply proceed to the 23rd floor sky lobby and the tea room is right next to the check in counter.  The views by the window are simply breathtaking, although lack of wow factor.  The service are on the level of a true 5 stars experience - friendly, knowledgeable about their products yet professional, which is rare in Vegas hospitality industries.  I was pleased to see this level of service in Vegas.  

I give 4 stars because the service is 5 stars, however the food is 3 stars, thus 4 stars rating on average.

The high tea comes with choice extensive choices of tea and 3 trays of tea pastries (top layer of tea pastries, middle layer scones, and bottom layer with tea sandwiches).   The bottom try sandwich came with Salmon cucumber, Chicken curry, black forest ham, egg salad sandwich.  I was quite underwhelmed with the taste of the sandwhich.  The breads were dry and it taste is either too salty or no taste at all.   Black forest ham was the best of all but still not remarkable. 

The scones in the middle are the best along with their strawberry ruhburb jam.  

Their desserts were disappointing, too.  The macaroon looks nice but the taste (Vanilla & Strawberry) did not impress me at all.  It was just pure sweet, their chocolates were quite average too. Lemon lavender cake was really sweet, I guess that can go with the tea well.  My favorite was the pistacho mousse with strawberry jam, but still that was very sweet at all.  For the name of the MO high tea, they still have quite some way to go.  There is no comparison to their sister property, MO Bangkok High tea.

I am also sad to see that they will discontinue with the refill service with their high tea.  Next time when having high tea in Vegas, I will venture out to different options.
My friends and I thought we'd do something different while we were in Vegas and booked a reservation for tea the afternoon before we headed back to reality. Kind of a wind down activity. 

The Mandarin Oriental is beautiful. The afternoon tea is set up in the lounge/waiting area next to the registration table. We were pleased to get a table by the windows. The views were nice but the space wasn't the cozy and intimate tea experience that I was accustomed to. 

Sandwiches: Egg, Black Forest Ham, Salmon/Cucumber, and Curried Chicken. My friend asked for the Salmon/Cucumber w/o the Salmon and they were able to accomodate since they had some premade for vegetarians. They weren't able to remove the cucumber from the Salmon (my preference). 

Scones + jams were delicious. Enjoyed the Strawberry Rhubarb jam quite a bit. Lots of chocolates which were rich and diverse in selection.

Tea was good. Service was good, though can't call it warm.
Las Vegas is known for The Strip, several miles of massive resort casinos that will do just about anything to catch a visitor's attention.  City Center complex is no exception.

This ultra modern, sleek design mixed use area is home to the Mandarin Oriental hotel.  Upon entering the MO, guests travel up to the twenty-third floor to the Sky Lobby a refreshingly unique concept.  However the Tea Lounge is just sort of there by the check-in desk.  It has all the charm of a Starbucks kiosk in any lobby in any hotel in any major city in the country.

Once seated guests are treated to an amazing view of the city.  The couches are extremely comfortable for lounging, not necessarily ideal for eating.  The tea selections are seemingly endless with different herbal/floral combinations.  The food offerings are meager to put it nicely.  This is after all a high tea experience not a true meal.  One would be advised to skip the full tea spread and opt for scone which are, by far, the best thing on the menu.  The tea sandwiches began life as unimaginative snacks, then they dried out and lost any appeal or zest.  The dessert offerings seemed like a frozen sampler that might be put out in the lobby of a retirement community.  The scones were different, they arrived warm and buttery and were a delightful accompaniment to the many selections of teas on the table.   The mixologist at the MO is also quite creative and one should sample one or more of the unique drink selections on the menu.    

There is a feeling of refined class in the City Center complex and the Mandarin Oriental is no exception.  The fixtures and displays are beautiful.  The choices in furnishings and surfaces throughout reek of class and sophistication; however, the servers have soaked in a bit too much class.  During one tea service, there were at least four different servers that touched our table, and I cannot remember one giving our table a genuine smile.  I believe the meter has tipped over to the level of snooty.

This experience is one that would be nice for a couple or small group staying in the City Center, as a break from the typical Las Vegas itinerary.  However, it was not particularly memorable.  Unless you are a tea aficionado, and you take high tea daily, save your money and experience some of the truly special experiences Las Vegas has to offer
A wonderful place for tea time! The space is very pretty; modern with these large windows that provide a great view. I went for a bridal shower and the staff was very accommodating. We had 2 large tables for our group along with an extra table for gifts. Then we were allowed to stay after we finished our tea service to play games and open gifts. We were probably there for a total of about 3.5 hours but only paid the prix fixe of $36 per person.

If you don't want a full tea service you can order coffee, tea, or a tea cocktail by itself. You can also order small desserts separately like scones or cupcakes.
"Refined decadence inside a hidden gem, with a breath taking view of the city! ( Mandarin Oriental ) Definitely a place to take someone special!" -If you come, I'll take you here."
Amazing view of the Strip from the 23rd floor of the Mandarin hotel. Great decor - modern and slick but comfortable. We went there looking for the Mandarin bar which was closed (Sunday).  Drinks were pricey but you pay for the view. Great service. Ask the servers to reserve a seat by the window once you get there if one is not available, they go fast. We were there at sunset and it was a great way to experience the strip from a different angle.
Love the view and quiet atmosphere. Perfect place for catching up with friends. I was not drinking on this evening, but they had a delicious fresca drink that was refreshing. Service is simple but efficient. Seating areas are lovely. We came to the bar earlier in our trip and enjoyed another evening here on Sunday when the bar was closed. My favorite spot in Vegas. Class!
Awesome!! Came before tea service, but I loved it! Great view, very comfortable seating. I loved the matcha tea. Would definitely return!!
Awesome view, on-point service, elegantly presented goodies and tea, you can't ask for more. 

My friends and I had a tea party for a dear friend's baby shower.  We were seated next to the window, which I have to say, is understated. Our "window" in fact, was the whole length of the room and it was like sitting on the rooftop of Vegas with beautiful views that lay ahead of us. 

Our servers were very accommodating and nice to offer to take pictures of us, and not just taking a picture, but making sure if the picture they took was good enough and if the lighting was just right. Who does that nowadays???

The teas were varied and came in these glass kettles (??) atop glass burners, and the food was just cute and delish, you can't go wrong. 

Elegant and just a big kiss for being beautiful inside, this tea lounge gets my vote a million times!
After having a spa morning at Aria, we strolled over to Mandarin for Afternoon Tea.  

The scones were SO good!  Moist and crumbly at the same time!  That was the best part of the beautiful display we got.  Finger sandwiches were good.  The desserts were a little too sweet for my taste (and I LOVE sweets) but would have been balanced out by the tea which I ran out of because my teapot was half filled when I got it and our bored waitress became absent after delivering our food.  

I know everyone raves about the views from this place, if you like to look at other hotels sure it's a great view...but in my opinion, I'd rather look at something pretty (like the Fountains at the Bellagio) while I'm eating something pretty, that cost a pretty penny.

Our group agreed the best part of the whole experience was the ride up in the elevator...there was even a reenactment of the Pretty Woman scene..."well color me happy there's a sofa in here for two..." but I digress.

I'm glad we went to try it out but probably won't be back!
The tea lounge at the Mandarin Oriental has it's high and low points, but for me the low out weigh the high especially considering the price. 
First of all it's not really a "lounge" in that it is just a little area off of the registration desks in the hotel lobby. The relaxing atmosphere that one would expect from a lounge quickly gives way to rolling luggage and loud parties of tourists.
  While there is a beautiful view of the strip, there are only 3 tables that afford you that view. The  majority of the tables are very low and very uncomfortable to sit at with no space for your legs. When we left, both my grandmother and I had aches and pains from being 'squished' into the low uncomfortable chairs. She may be an older lady but I am only 32!
I made a reservation weeks in advance and I was still seated at a table with no view inches from a couple of loud women on their laptops who were waiting to check in.
 On a positive note- the food, while small is very delicious and filling. The scones are fantastic to say the least and the Devonshire cream is perfection. The tea was lovely and beautifully presented, however, we still aren't sure if you only get one serving or refills because the server came and took our pot away never to return. She was very friendly when we did see her - so that's a plus. 
Overall for the prices (Starting at $36 per person) I would have to say that the whole experience is not worth it.
made reservations @3pm tea lounge is on 23rd floor which happens to be the lobby as well. it wasn't too noisy but enough to be a chill environment. small little area about 8-10 tables i think. service was nice waitress came by to refilled our cups.

a bit pricey but there's no where else u can drink hot tea n stare at the strip thru a huge window. we hunged around for about an hour just chatting and sipping tea, which is the whole point its a lounge! didnt feel rushed which was nice. Great presentation!! 

ordered the lychee green tea yummy! nice aroma and the mandarin blossom tea which i thought was ok. the finger food foods/desserts wasn't bad, i do love the scones i wanted more! the clotted cream and jams were very good as well.
If you need a place to just relax from the craziness of Vegas and grab some tea to soothe your soul this is the place to be.  Located on the 23rd sky lobby floor of the Mandarin Oriental it's just right next to the check in.  This hotel itself is very tranquil and smoke free (woohoo) which makes this place a hidden gem.  I had a long night before and decided to check this place out.  

I ordered the Rejuvenating tea and was seated right next to the window to enjoy the lovely view.  Need I say more?

Just a note, if you go before 1pm they don't serve food.  High tea is from 2:30-5pm which I came too early for but I've heard wonderful things about it...I'll have to come back and check it out again sometime.
While staying at the Mandarin for a birthday staycation, we visited the tea lounge and spent an awesome, relaxing couple of hours lounging on a comfy couch with tea, cute sandwiches and tiny desserts and an amazing view.

We had a window seat, which was fantastic- I did not ask for this but the staff were aware that it was my husband's birthday and I wonder if they put us there to make things extra-special! There was one weird incident when we were asked if another guest could share our table... we declined; it was awkward, but we still enjoyed the rest of our afternoon.

The afternoon tea is a bit pricey at around $45/person but you get a lot of tasty treats and my pot was refilled (on request) at no additional charge. (At $12 a pot, if you skip the full afternoon tea spread, this could be a pretty economical way to enjoy a great view in a classy setting on the strip, sans alcohol.)

They have a decent selection of basic teas; my husband went for a jasmine green and I had the Mandarin blend, which was black tea flavored subtly with (you guessed it) mandarin orange. The scones were delicious and so was the Devonshire cream and jam that accompanied them. We also had curry chicken, egg salad, black forest ham and smoked salmon sandwiches, as well as some very cute mini desserts (including my favorite, the sparkly purple macaron).

I really enjoyed myself and I think my husband did, too! It was super relaxing and I will almost certainly be back.
For the thanksgiving long weekend, we went to Las Vegas, and decided to check out the afternoon tea service at Mandarin Oriental.  We love high tea, and we were looking forward to a couple of quiet hours of tea and scones.  We were shown to the window table, which was very nice.  They have a good selection of tea.  For about $45/person ($36+tax+tip) we each got a pot of tea (free refills), and we shared 3 plates of food, finger sandwiches, scones, jam and cream (so awesome, scones were still warm) and desserts.  

We were full afterwards, or we would definitely paid another $5 for another plate of scones.  We passed a relaxing 2 hours from the 23rd floor lobby of Mandarin Oriental, overlooking the strip.  The next time we are in Vegas, we will definitely do this again.
loved my afternoon tea service at the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge! came here during my bachelorette party weekend and our group of 8 was treated so well! first off the tea lounge is located on the 23rd floor with spectacular views of the strip with floor to ceiling windows. the decor of the entire lounge and hotel is amazing and loved the way it was sort of asian/modern. 

our server, Nancy (i think that was her name? sorry!) was super professional and knowledgable about the menu and on top of that, she was more than gracious to take group pictures for us and even recommended on where to stand for the best lighting too haha. afternoon tea is $40ish a person which is prob more than most tea lounges but the quality of everything is top notch and the best i've ever had. all the sandwiches were so good - my favorites were the egg salad and the chicken curry ones. and omg the scones! apparently the head chef has served them to the queen of england if they are good enough for her then they are def good enoughf or me haha. if anything, i think our group was a bit letdown by the desserts and at that it was only a 'letdown' b/c we had enjoyed everything else so much haha. they do have a full bar at the tea lounge as well and i ordered one of their holiday season cocktails that was like an almond martini - so good! my gfs and i had such a wonderful and positive experience here - def come check out the tea lounge if you have a chance when in vegas.
The service was terrible, for two cups of tea it was $100 bucks and we saw our server once.  They include the gratuity right in the bill; probably because of this. Also the hostess was rude and unwelcoming. 
We made the reservation a month in advance and they set us in the middle with the most uncomfortable chair I have ever sat in.  
Avoid this place.
During my recent trip to Vegas over the Christmas holiday, my best friend and I decided to visit the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge for a relaxing late afternoon away from the fanny packs and liquor slushies. 

I'll start with the good...
The hotel itself is very chic as is the Tea Lounge. Beautiful Asian decor with a view of the strip you could find on a postcard in a hotel gift shop. A clean and upscale environment but without a pretentious air that frequent accompanies "high tea".  The hostesses were elegantly dressed and had us seated almost instantly.

In terms of food, I was impressed with the spread. The scones were delicious especially when accompanied by strawberry rhubarb compote and clotted cream. The selection of tea was lovely. My favorite being the matcha. 

Now, the bad...
The sandwich selection they offer includes a curried chicken salad, which contains nuts. However, nowhere on the menu did it specify the use of nuts in any of the offerings. The waitress also gave an extremely detailed run down of the types of sandwiches, scone toppings, and desserts yet failed to mention nuts being in any of the food aside from a pistachio cake. For the record, I am deathly allergic to peanuts and cashews to the point that I carry around multiple Epi pens in my purse everywhere I go. 

When I bit into the sandwich, I started to feel sick and I took a closer look, only to see a small piece of nut that I couldn't identify off the bat. When I flagged down a waitress to ask about what kind of nuts were in the items, she panicked and left to ask the chef. When she returned, she kept firmly insisting that I was fine because it was "just walnuts" but ANYONE who knows ANYTHING about nuts knows that almost all tree nuts are processed in the same facilities. When I tried to ask about nuts being in any of the other desserts, she acted annoyed to be bothered by me again. 

I was appalled by how it was handled and I felt ill for the remainder of the day because of that ONE bite of sandwich. I was almost offended to see that they automatically included 18% gratuity to the bill because I would have left $0 if given the opportunity.

I admit it was irresponsible on my part not to ask but the waitress had given such a precise account of ingredients used in other items (ie: eggnog truffles, bubblegum flavored French macarons, black forest ham sandwiches etc.) that I thought I was in the clear. I suppose it was my error to expect such a highly regarded establishment would care about their customer's dietary restrictions. 

I REALLY REALLY REALLY don't enjoy writing bad reviews (as you can tell from my profile) but it's necessary in this case to warn other people with severe nut allergies! I'm lucky that all I left with was a bad stomach ache. I really hope in the future the Mandarin Tea Lounge is more consequent of their patrons' needs.
We took the elevator up the 23rd floor and arrived at the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge (in the lobby of the hotel). With a nice view of the city and parts of the strip (You can see the Eiffel Tower) we were greeted by the hostess and taken to our seat. Unfortunately the 3 seats by the window were already taken but our view was still nice.

We ordered 1 tea service and 1 ala carte tea (we just wanted a light snack as we already hand lunch). The ambiance is quite nice and mostly peaceful (until this large group arrived toward the latter part of our tea-this group was staying at the hotel and just using the lobby lounge for drinks but they did not use their library voice-this is one of the reasons I can't give it a 5 star). The scones were delicious, the sandwiches were o.k., and the sweet treats were yummy. I liked the casius bubblegum macaron and the fig cake the best.

It was my birthday weekend and I mentioned that in the Opentable reservation so our waitress was wonderful enough to provide me with a birthday cupcake! That was a nice touch. 18% gratuity is already included and I thought our server (I think her name was Amansha?) was delightful.

As someone who loves afternoon tea, I can recommend this as a nice way to enjoy the afternoon =)
Excellent! Next time I'm in Vegas I'll definitely stop by this place again. The first thing I noticed when I first stepped into the Mandarin Oriental is that it is definitely a sanctuary of peace and calm in the midst of a bustling tourist city full of lights and noise. Definitely a great place just to relax and enjoy the company of your friends, tea, and good food.

Two of us went here on a Sunday afternoon and made a reservation, which I'm glad about because it was pretty much to full capacity by the time we got there at 2pm. We both got the classic afternoon tea, mine with lychee green tea and his with oolong. The thing I liked about the tea was that it was served at the right temperature, and that they didn't leave the leaves in the pot. The flavor was also unique; it definitely had that hint of sweetness from the lychee.

As for the food, it was very nice. The afternoon tea comes with three plates of food: sandwiches, scones, and desserts. The scones are AMAZING! Probably not the healthiest for you, but they were mouthwatering, melt-in-your-mouth awesome. They came with different types of jams and Devonshire cream which were a great complement to the warm, flakiness of the scones. I also really liked the little sandwich platter, which comes with a variety of fillings like egg salad and curry chicken. The dessert plate was also quite good; my favorite from that were the macaroons, chocolate balls, and the nut nougat. I wasn't a huge fan of one of the desserts because it was chalky though.

In terms of the service, it was a bit slow at first; I think it took a while just to get our tea out (probably around 15 minutes) and probably another 15 minutes after that to get our food. I wasn't in a hurry, though, and I suppose this lends to the very relaxed atmosphere of the tea lounge. Our servers were nice though and attentive.One thing to note: they do include gratuity regardless of party size, which I thought was a bit odd, but whatever. 

Overall, a nice, relaxing experience with tasty tea and snacks.
5 stars for the really amazing scones, clotted cream and preserves. Plus this place is just right next to the 23rd floor lobby of the amazing Mandarin Oriental hotel.

However, we went a little bit late (around 4:30pm) when they close at 5pm. Service seemed to have suffered as a result -- it took forever for someone to take our order, and she wasn't very nice. It left a bad taste in my mouth...that is, until the scones arrived. It also took forever to get the check.

This is a great place for high tea (food-wise), but maybe next time I'll come here slightly earlier and get a seat next to the gigantic windows :)
Lovely place for tea and light snacks. Definitely high on the price scale but great for business meetings and/or just a nice afternoon visit. Service could've been a bit better on my visits but overall a nice visit.
Made a reservation for a large party (14) and they accommodated us in a private area.  I thought that was really stellar of them.  I did get a glimpse of the tea area itself and I thought maybe if I wasn't in a private area I wouldn't do the tea.  It was basically a nice couch and table area off to the side of check-in so there really isn't much privacy or "high tea" experience.

The hotel itself is not that easy to find.  My group had a hard time finding the entrance, so take a cab if you opt to go.

It has great views and is nice and quiet.  A good option if you're looking to recover from a long night out.
As part of my bachelorette weekend, my friends surprised with a classy afternoon for some tea and a TINY TINY lunch. =]   I wish they would have more scones and the mini sandwiches and less dessert but everything was pretty delicious.
Made a reservation for afternoon tea during our stay in Vegas.  My request on OpenTable for a window seat was not granted so we were seated right next to the busy check-in desk which sort of hampered the experience.

The lounge was busy with ladies chatting and having their tea--no big deal, but between that and the check-in process going on behind me, it wasn't a very relaxing experience like I thought it would be.  I didn't know that the lounge was completely open to the lobby of the hotel.

But the tea was nice, the sandwiches great and the scones out of this world.  I got the more expensive peach white tea which was very light and delicate.

The desserts were pretty but didn't taste very good.  I only took a bite of each one.  But it didn't matter because I was stuffed anyway.

Bill for two tea services and tip was $91.  And like previous posters have mentioned, the tip is included. Service could be thought of as unattentive, but I think the servers leave you alone to enjoy your experience--once they bring you everything, there isn't much more they need to do.

Overall, it was very nice and now that I know what to expect, if I go back with my mom or a girlfriend, I'd probably still do it again after a spa day or something.
I love the tea lounge at Mandarin! 

I have several friends who live in the residences at Mandarin Oriental and tea lounge is the perfect place to meet for a drink and catch up. It is quiet, intimate and has great ambiance. The velvet couches are perfect to lounge in and enjoy the gorgeous view. They have speciality cocktails that are fun and you can order a la carte for snacks to munch on. Afternoon tea is a flat, fixed rate per person if you opt for that and you can add Veuve Clicquot champagne too for an extra charge.
I must say that I have had afternoon tea as well as high tea in many different cities. 
I wasn't impressed with what is served for $36 per person. Actually $42 because they include 18% gratuity even for 2 people! Kind of annoying...the portions are tiny and I am not a big eater. 
I am aware that part of the reason that they are overpriced is you are paying for the view. Yes the ambiance of the restaurant and the view is 5 stars..With that said, they are very chintzy with their tea sandwiches 1 finger sandwich each? Anyway...the presentation of the food is very nice. But the quality of the sandwiches were disappointing as well as the desserts. The scones were very good. However I would not return to this place again.
My husband and I experienced tea service for mothers day. We enjoy tea service and have been to many different tea rooms. We were so excited to try The Mandarin Oriental Tea Room assuming that it was going to be outstanding. I am sorry to let you know that this experience was extremely disappointing. 

It started when I called to make a reservation and asked about the Mothers Day menu because it was more expensive than the everyday menu. The woman on the phone informed me that they would be having something special for mother's day but she couldn't confirm exactly what it was yet. Satisfied with her answer, we went ahead and made a reservation. When we arrived at the tea room we asked the waitress the difference between the regular menu and the mother's day menu, she responded by saying that the menu was exactly the same but they just up-charge for the holiday. Nice...That's why I called ahead in the first place. Her response made me feel completely ripped off. 

For a tea room, the tea selection was quite small and even worse was that the staff was virtually unable to answer any of our questions about each of the tea choices. They didn't know anything about the menu and seemed annoyed that we were asking questions at all. As a tea room, we had assumed that the staff would have some knowledge about different kind of tea's, herbs etc. All of the other tea rooms that we have been to, the staff is very knowledgeable about tea and are happy to explain the benefits of each etc. Not at the Mandarin... I found this surprising! 

While the food was tasty the portion sizes were a joke. 4 tiny ( and I mean TINY) sandwiches, teeny, tiny scones and tiny desserts. Having been to many tea services we were not expecting a full meal, but these portion sizes were so much smaller than anything else we have ever seen that we were literally laughing and left hungry. I had a question about one of the sandwiches and yet again, the server could not answer my question.

When the bill arrived were were again surprised by the fact that gratuity had already been added. Really? for 2 people? I was less than thrilled to leave so much gratuity for a staff that was uninformed, unhelpful and clearly annoyed with us. Our bill was $113. We are not cheap and willing to pay premium prices for these kinds of things but this experience was so sub-par that I left feeling gauged. 

We live here in Las Vegas and had hoped that we were going to find one of our new favorite spots at the Mandarin but I guess next time we'll try The Four Seasons for tea service.
First thing I have to say is that the pictures of this place on their website are flattering. Very flattering. It's basically an area in the lobby of the hotel where they charge you an arm and a leg for tea. Just to be clear I'm being literal when I say the lobby as we sat about 20ft from the wonderful hotel staff that checked us into the hotel.

It was about $15 for a small pot of tea. Were I not on vacation I'd have laughed and walked out, but we figured it would be an experience. After paying nearly $50 additional for a few tiny crust-less sandwich halves, a scone, and a few pieces of chocolate I can now relate to a certain teen mom who recently broke into the "movie" scene (you might have to google that one if this is a few years old). 

If you've money to burn or enjoy being bent over a charming asian inspired couch then you've come to the right place. 

Service was outstanding though.
A few of my girlfriends and I went to an afternoon tea at the Mandarin after a fun weekend in Vegas.

The Tea Lounge is located on the 23rd floor and we were seated next to the floor length windows with a view of the City Center.  The decor in the lounge was a lacking and felt outdated.  There are only a small amount of tables for tea service...probably about 8 or so.  The area is open and is shared with the reception desks.  Our seating area was two couches and a table which was a bit higher than a coffee table.  The seating was not the most comfortable arrangement and the table was small for the amount of pots, plates and cups.

For $36 a person (not including tax and gratuity), we had three tiers of delightful scones, tea sandwiches and desserts.  The scones were my favorite because they were light, buttery and served with homemade jams and the best Devonshire cream.  The desserts were small bite sized chocolates, cakes/tarts, macarons which were beautiful.  The finger sandwiches were ok but the presentation was very pretty.  I ordered the Monkey Picked Oolong tea because it sounded interesting.  Supposedly monkeys were trained to pick the choicest leaves from wild tea trees, which were enjoyed exclusively by the Imperial Court.

The service was great.  All the staff are very informative on the different types of teas and can suggest one to your liking.

All in all, an afternoon tea with the girls is always a fun way to end your trip in Vegas!
Today I am a Queen. I went to the Mandarin Oriental for "afternoon tea". Oh the serenity, oh the view, oh the comfort of fine tea & tiny delightful food. The Tea Lounge has now been added to my favorite things to do in Vegas list. The magic of a tea party! Not for girls only, however, the appeal is deep seated towards the feminine or highly refined gentlemen.
Went here for high tea with my wife, and we absolutely devoured the high tea platter. From the finger sandwiches, to the buttery scones, to the assortment of sweets, we loved every last bit. Every bite had an amazing interplay of flavors and textures, and everything was fresh and delightful to look at. The 23rd floor also provides an amazing view of the strip while you sip on some relaxing tea (each guest gets their own pot, or glass if it's a cold drink). The waitresses are very friendly, and helpful with any questions/concerns.

Although some other reviews have complained about the location (an area just off of the check-in counter), we found the lounge to be quite relaxing and not loud at all (we could hear each other across the table with indoor voices just fine, I'd equate noise levels to a nice romantic 5* restaurant).
With the exception of a check-in snafu caused by the very "green" & inexperieced hostess, I'd have to say I had a pretty good experience at the tea lounge at the Mandarin Oriental.  I just have one point of advice, check your reservation with the hostess at least three times. By then, it may sink in for her.

Ok, let's carry on shall we?

Located adjacent to registration above the 23rd floor, you'd think the Tea Lounge was part of the lobby. But make no mistake, these premium seats come at a lofty price tag and a reservation to boot.  

Luckily, we were seated by the panoramic window as I requested and service, albeit a bit slow, was paced nicely and lent to the whole relaxing afternoon tea experience.  With that in mind, the tea selection was fairly limited but adequate for my needs. There were a host of green teas and herbal teas to accommodate most individual preferences and tastes IMO. Since I just arrived from a massage session, I went with the introspective herbal relaxation tea. The tea service runs from 2-5 pm daily and reservations are highly recommended as there are only a few tables in the lounge.  The views can be quite spectacular if you're seated by the window. We had a perfect view of the strip and City Center and the natural lighting was equally relaxing and calming.  

The food selections included a selection of finger sandwiches inspired by English afternoon "high tea" traditions, but where was the cucumber cream cheese?
In any case, the selections included a savory smoked salmon cucumber and watercress spread sandwich (my favorite of the bunch) egg salad & chives on brioche, curried chicken salad, and black forest ham. The tea service also included the best scones I've ever had in my life! These were buttery, light, flaky and irresistibly good. They came out nice and warm, served with some fresh berry jam, marmalade and an imported Devonshire clotted cream (extremely smooth and very addictive.) So addictive, in fact,  I found myself wanting to spread it on practically everything!  
Lastly, our afternoon tea service was completed with a selection of small bite sized desserts and pastries, which included macarons, tarts and chocolates.

By the end of the meal, I felt nicely sated and totally relaxed. I would definitely return on my next trip to Vegas but im going to have to put that hostess on check!

Happy Eats!
I love the Mandarian Oriental because it is classy, beautiful, and the epitome of upscale. The same applies to their Tea Lounge. The view is awesome and the decor is gorgeous. The tea selection is fun - we chose the Jasmine Pearl White Tea (from Teavana, which I love) and it was prepared in a cool teapot from Teavana as well. We also ordered their Signature Scones with imported Devonshire clotted cream and Chef Gianni's housemade marmalades and jams. Really great! We heard that their savory options aren't as good, so we didn't venture. It's a great spot for a little intimate gathering with your girlfriends instead of going somewhere for happy hour. And you can feel fancy while doing it!
Loved the afternoon tea here!

The view is spectacular, the service was great. The tea selection was very good. Scones, pastries and sandwiches were more then enough for one or two. 

Defiitely a quiet retreat off the vegas madness and makes for a good place to take a breather.
We partook in the Classic afternoon tea. All in our party (sister, cousin, husband) loved it. The view is stellar and the whole vibe suggests relaxation. 

We called ahead to let them know we were vegetarian and they were extremely accommodating. I ordered the Chai tea (Assam i think) which was so flavorful and aromatic. Lovely pot. The sandwiches were delicious and the scones were melt in the mouth gorgeous with some pretty great preserves and clotted cream. The dessert platter was sinful with plenty of options that tasted stellar. 

Pricing is rather steep. Runs around $35-40 per person. But for a wonderful luxurious afternoon, this place really does the trick!

Highly recommended.
Went here one afternoon with my husband while on vacation. It was a relaxing, and quiet break from the hustle and bustle of the strip. We had requested a seat by the window, and had a spectacular view. The waitress was very attentive and made sure our teapots were always full, as well as gave us advice to eat the scones first while they were still hot and fresh. We really enjoyed the jams and devonsbire cream made in house, as well as the selection of pastries. The sandwich and pastry platters had a decent selection. I was really impressed with the selection and freshness of the pastries. At the local afternoon tea place, they aren't as creative with the dessert platter and its often just fruit and store bought cookies. Afternoon tea at the mandarin oriental was deifnitely worth every penny, and they definitely delivered a pleasant and relaxing afternoon.
The prime view!

Our first time walking into Mandarin Oriental and this place is nothing short of spectacular. The entrance is through a cozy elevator ride in connection to MO's valet. 

We walked in there nervous, out of place, and without a reservation. Certain that the host was going to turn us away, I wouldn't leave coming here to enjoy Afternoon Tea to chance. Thankfully,  for us it payed off in a big way. We were granted one of the tables with floor-to-ceiling window views as long as we had it available at 3:45 for their next reservation. (That translated to more than an hour stay for us.) 

We each enjoyed Classic English Afternoon Tea. We loved each of our tea choices, most of the sandwiches, only two of the desserts and couldn't get enough of the scones!   The atmosphere is relaxing, the service amazing and the wide-sweeping views of the Las Vegas are worth enjoying because they are definitely not gratuitous. 

*It's also worth noting that Afternoon Tea is best enjoyed when a well-balanced meal has been had! We're glad we strolled in here after a meal.

...and  on to the absurd, the attention to detail continues all the way to the restroom facilities! Probably the best in Vegas.
Where do I start?

The Tea Room is an open area between the bar and the front desk. The "tables" are about the same height as an end table, so I feel like I am sitting at a kids table. They should have the tea served in the bar using real adult sized tables.

The tea is not steeped at the table, they just bring it out (one pot)  already made. 

How can you have a high tea without cucumber sandwiches?

After the tea was served the waitress never came back.

The food was very good but the portion size was tiny, we ate here as a late lunch and were still very hungry when we left. 

There is an automatic gratuity added to the bill, cannot remember how much it was. What incentive do they have to provide decent service when they know up front they are getting a good tip?

Overall it was not really a relaxing and lush experience as it should be.
If you're somebody who likes to relax, enjoy and appreciate both the civility of a proper tea service AND a top-shelf view of Las Vegas, then you've found your joint.  Meditative music plays overhead, elegant uniformed people bring you lovely tea, you breath in, you breath out, everybody wins. As a local, this is very nearly my favorite respite to steal away a quiet moment or inspire an engaging conversation. Never disappoints. Even as I write this I'm sort of wishing I was there. But that's just me.
We made reservations for my sister's bridal shower here and I was expecting some sort of large restaurant so I was a bit disappointed that the tea lounge is just located at the hotel's guest lobby. However, I soon realize that this is a perfect spot for a small bridal shower or a quaint afternoon tea party. The lounge is just gorgeous with views of the Strip. My party of 8 ladies sat comfortably in lounge chairs and a couch surrounding a coffee table. Our tea came in these lovely white teapots and the small cold sandwiches and assorted pastries were nicely displayed in multi-layered trays beside us. The food is not extravagant and probably won't fill you up but it's a good pairing for the teas. Our servers were attentive and the experience was charming. The prices aren't outrageous if you consider the novelty of the experience. If you're looking for a different way to celebrate with your girls, I'd recommend giving the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge a whirl.
Made reservations for here at 2 PM on Saturday. We went to the hotel and had a little bit of trouble trying to finding the place but eventually found it. We were a couple hours early But they seated us anyway. The atmosphere of the place is awesome and the views are great. It's located right next to the lobby which was kind of weird but there is a barrier so wasn't that bad. 

The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because it was sooooooo expensive. 90$ for tea for two is a bit much. We had the monkey oolong and the white pearl tea, and both were really good. The food that came with the tea was also really good. The scones were amazing with the three dips. I also liked the salmon sandwich. The presentation of the food was cute and holiday themed. 
It was a great experience but I think it's way too expensive to do this again when there is so much else to do on the strip!
WHO: Bring your boyfriends, girlfriends, nieces, and mamas for an amazing Tea Time!

WHERE: Located at the top of the Mandarin Oriental in the City Center. 

WHEN: They are open from 10am-10pm, but Tea Service is from 2-5pm daily.

WHAT: In all of my 24 years of being alive, I have never gotten the pleasure of having a TEA PARTY. So apparently my friend loves having tea parties, and decided to make reservations for my first tea party EVER! 

As we walked towards the Mandarin Oriental, went inside and sat in the elevator rising up towards the Tea Lounge, my heart skipped 10 beats due to excitement. I was definitely an excited girl that day!

We were seated by the window overlooking the strip (that day they had part of the strip closed off for a while because the Nascar were doing a pre-show... Randomly we got to see the Nascar drift and all that jazz! Lol). Mary Anne was our server, and she actually recognized my friend since he comes here so much, Lol. He is definitely popular! Hahaha! She was such a sweetheart and explained the new temporary additions to the menu for winter. We ended up getting the Classic English Afternoon Tea set up, which came with several wonderful snacks and the choice of any tea in the menu.

I chose the Lychee Organic Green Tea, and my friend chose the Peach Tea, which were both very calm and soothing! Mary Anne brought us honey and milk for our tea, along with our small little treats!

About the treats, they were all really amazing, but I never knew how much the scones at starbucks and any other coffee shop were INCOMPARABLE to their scones here! They were fresh out of the over, and tasted absolutely WONDERFUL with the jellies they brought out!! I NEED MORE SCONES!!

TREATS:
Smoked salmon & cucumber with watercress spread- YES!
Creamy deviled egg in a shell with Paleta Iberico & lavash
Tartlet of mango with foie gras mousse & spice bread crisp- YES!
Black forest ham sandwich- YES!
Signature scones with imported Devonshire clotted cream and Chef Philippe's house made marmalades and jams- YES!
Random assortment of Tea pastries- YES!

The rest of the goodies were on point! I ordered an extra Passion Fruit Macaron... BEST I'VE EVER HAD! They change some of the treats every 2 weeks to a month, so I will definitely come back next month! YES!!

RANDOM NOTE: Make reservations just incase! =)

I wish and hope you all have the experience of your first Tea Party! PINKY'S UP!
Would have 4 stars if not for the view! Came in at 4:30 right as they opened the blinds and let us have that gorgeous view of the strip and the mountains! The tea was fantastic and the food was even better. Each piece was a work of art, and we're perfect snacks to enjoy with a cup of tea on those wonderful couches. I definitely plan on coming back! Great prices to boot.
Outstanding service, and a beautiful location. 

I came for a bridal shower, so we had a private room with the most amazing view of the Las Vegas strip. 

It was a classic English tea, beautifully extinguished in a lovely location.  It was a really nice experience and I'd come back. 

The mini sandwiches, the scones and the Devonshire cream were to die for. The desserts were just ok. 

There are so many types of tea: jasmine, green, black. All were very aromatic and light.
Not worth your time and money. Made reservation with a nice view and was sat in the middle. Tea cup and saucer was not clean. Took 20 min before they took the order. Server never came by to check on us. Food was very savory as in salty. Makes me wonder if they did it on purpose so we can wash it down with tea. The server only poured tea twice for one person and it was a party of 3. The servers do not work here because they are guaranteed 18%. The only thing we enjoyed was the goat cheese apricot and we ordered 2 thinking it was complimentary after reading few reviews that said they got seconds for free. Maryann (not our server)asked if we wanted 4 since it was 4 to a plate and we were like no we just want 2.  Before she left we said never mind we don't want any. Then our server comes back with a plate of 2. We were full of trying the nasties so we ask for our check only to see that the 2 extras were added for $5 on something we canceled. Mandarin Oriental should shut down this tea lounge. It's not any where close to 5 stars. It's next to the registration desk so it's very distracting. They over charge for the Classic English tea time and charge extra for the seconds I guess unless you let them know that they give it complementary to some guests. By far the worst experience. Come here if you want to throw money at the servers who don't work and for chefs who don't bake/cook. I give it one star for being inside Mandarin Oriental. Every else fall short of zero star. If your tea and food suck at least work on your service.
Well...high tea at MO has been on my bucket list for YEARS, so no pressure! :-)  I thought my birthday would be the perfect occasion.  With that said, 5 stars for the tea and the pastries.  We thought the food was great and it exceeded our expectations.  My issue is with where we were seated...my husband was seated on a couch that another couple was already seated on.  They had to "squeeze" over to make room for him.  I was seated across from my husband, so far away that we couldn't have conversation without being very loud.  We ended up asking to be moved and even that didn't go very smoothly.  The service downstairs (at valet) was amazing...the service upstairs, not so much.  Btw, when the Four Seasons calls to confirm reservations, they specifically ask if you are celebrating a special occasion.  If MO would have asked, they would have known that we were celebrating my birthday and perhaps they wouldn't have given us such a horrible table.   I don't mind spending $120+ on high tea but I was expecting an amazing experience and I just didn't get it.
Excellent service!  Finger foods are delicious and filling.  The tea is divine! You also enjoy the beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower & City Center
I had been wanting to visit the Tea Lounge for a while, and for my birthday, my best friend made a reservation. We did not arrive for tea service (we got there at 8 pm), so it was busy, but not crowded and we had the best seats in the house. We sat right next to he window overlooking the Strip. It was breathtaking, and that's coming from someone who's been to Foundation Room at Mandalay Bay. I can't imagine the view getting any better. This I will say though- my first impression was... "This is it...?" It's beautiful, but the size is small. It really is just a small seated area outside of the bar and next to the lobby. We asked the front desk where it was, because we completely overlooked the lounge. It looks like a waiting area, really. A very beautiful one, though!

In any case, we were promptly given menus. Interesting drink menu, great variety of premium liquor. Had the Cucumber French 75: perfect, light and refreshing. Highly recommended, especially for summer. Members of our party also had some Old Fashioneds, and were impressed (one of them being a bartender, both of them being self-professed whiskey snobs). We snacked on the some Satay chicken skewers and sliders as recommended from our server. She did not disappoint. The chicken was wonderfully seasoned with just a touch of heat, and they weren't dry. The sliders, which I tend to never order because I find them generally unimpressive, were probably the best I've ever had. Perfect sauce/meat ratio, meat higher quality than what you'd usually get. I'd order them again and again and again.

Service was personalized. Our server was kind and personable. She joked with us and generally seemed interested in making sure we had a great time. She did disappear for a little bit leaving us waiting to order. However, these servers seem to also tend to the Mandarin Bar, so they are probably stretched a little thin. This is the only reason I did not offer all five stars.

Will definitely return, and definitely recommend to my local friends and my out-of-towners.
Service: Disappointing. 
 
My boyfriend, his brother, and I decided this restaurant would be a nice mid day snack kind of place to continue my boyfriend's birthday celebration. As we walked in, there were 3 girls at the hostess counter, and seemed like they were in a serious gossiping conversation. Unfortunately,  declined to greet us until they were done speaking to each other. 

Needless to say, we decided to stay and our sever was excellent. Thank Goodness. The food and drinks were great and the view throughout the hotel was excellent.
I've yet to experience 5-star afternoon tea service.  No place I've gone to has knocked it out of the ballpark on each of these: tea, sandwiches, scones, dessert, ambiance, and service.  All the tea places I've gone to are really good in a few or most of these areas and just "meh" on the others; the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge is no exception.  The sandwiches just weren't appetizing to me, and me being more into the food than the tea (I march to the beat of my own drummer lol), I found that to be very disappointing.  However, there were some pretty good things about this place.

First of all, tea is tea to me, and theirs was just fine.  I've yet to come across tea that I've wanted to spit out lol.  (I usually stick with green teas/light fruity teas.)  I've already mentioned how I wasn't crazy at all about their sandwiches.  Their scones, though, were pretty good, and while I usually find desserts at afternoon tea to be pretty bad, theirs were a-ok.  What makes this place great is the ambiance.  Relaxing and quiet with an amazing view of the Strip.  My sister and I were able to get a table for two right by the window :)  Service was good, too.  And guys, you won't feel out of place here.  You usually think "girly outing" when you think afternoon tea, but quite a few couples were having afternoon dates over tea on our visit.  

If only we could combine the sandwiches from the Petrossian Bar at Bellagio with everything else here!  I would not hesitate to come back!  There are some other things to enjoy though about the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge so I would consider coming back anyway.  Four stars :)
Let's not forget that a 3 star review still means A-ok. I didn't hate the place but it also didn't completely wow me. 
I made reservations and even called them to confirm that I could add another person. When I arrived they had not corrected the reservation and seemed confused, but they went ahead and sat us right away. The place is very small. Great view but small. There are only 3 or 4 tables by the window and those were taken already, even for our early 2:30 reservation. 
They do have gluten free options and they had almond milk which was nice. It was the beginning Chinese New Year and they had special touches like a chocolate Buddha, homemade fortune cookie and a little card with candy after. The tea pots were huge and I cant imagine being able to take advantage of the "complimentary second pot refill". 
The service started out nicely but then they got sort of busy and we sat and waited for them to come back for a while. They ended up mistakenly charging my friend and I twice and never told us that they did that. I am still waiting to see if it will be corrected.
The fanciest Afternoon Tea i've had so far!

Awesome view-= can see the strip from the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental hotel near the Aria and Vdara Hotels. 
We came to our reservation a bit early and luckily being the first ones there, we got the best seat in the house, on a couch right in front of the windows! The lounge is not very big and it's right next to the check in desk lobby, so it's not a ideal place to come with a big group. 

Three of us got the Classic English Afternoon tea set at $36.00. 
Tea service is daily 2-5pm. 

You get a choice of tea, 4 tea sandwiches (smoked salmon, egg salad, curried chicken salad sandwich, and black forest ham), 2 small scones served with a very thick cream cheese like Devonshire Cream, pineapple marmalade and strawberry jam, and a selection of petit desserts. 


http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mandarin-oriental-tea-lounge-las-vegas?select=7s7p5TgVV9CTlWjWQMcgtQ#7s7p5TgVV9CTlWjWQMcgtQ

Presentation was superb. Although everything was petit, i thought it was very filling. The sandwiches were yummy. (They are flexible with the sandwiches if you have food restrictions). I didn't love the salmon one, as it had a strong herby flavor. 

The teas were my least favorite. From the last 4-5 afternoon tea experiences, I have loved my tropical black tea choices. When i saw mandarin orange black tea, i was excited. However, when i drank it, it has a strong chinese herbal flavor to it, which i wasn't expecting and kind of clashed with the sweet desserts and sandwiches in my taste... We tried the monkey picked oolong and white tea, and none of them really had us craving to have more. 

Despite not loving the tea flavors, the experience was great and we enjoyed the view. The lounge itself is pretty gorgeous with all the colors. Check it: 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mandarin-oriental-tea-lounge-las-vegas?select=65joKJBgDCMDFsAg-wahcA#65joKJBgDCMDFsAg-wahcA
I had a wonderful surprise to have tea here on Valentines day. I absolutely loved the atmosphere and the view. The colors were vibrant and the staff seemed friendly too. I did not like how 2 minutes after I received the menu if we were ready to order. And then another 2 minutes after that again. I didn't get to read even half the tea options because I felt rushed to order. 

The tea I did chose was delicious and all of the items we had to eat were just beautiful. They were intricately made and tasted yummy. This visit definitely filled me up. 

I do not think this is a place to go to catch up with someone as I did feel rushed. Coming from the service industry I recognize the hints to finish, pay, and leave. I would definitely like to come back though despite that just because it was such a nice experience and something of a change of pace in Las Vegas.
First time here...

I had the lychee green tea, it was light but just right with the sweets :)
I'm in love with their raspberry jam that goes with the scone.
Pricy but worth it. Will be back!
One the last day of our Vegas trip, I wanted to do something a little different and class up the usual debauchery of Sin City. 
Situated on the 23rd floor, the Tea Lounge boasts amazing views of the middle of the strip with enough seating for about 8-10 parties, keeping the affair intimate and relaxed. 
The lady and I decided to go with Afternoon Tea service, which consists of two tea selections from a variety of choices, along with an assortment of eats including finger sandwiches, freshly baked scones and a platter of desserts. Luck would have it that the two types of tea we were looking for were not available so we opted for our second choice consisting of the Osmanthus and Mandarin Orange. 
Both were light, warm and refreshing with notes of fruit and floral essence. Our waitress, dressed in traditional Asian garb, provided us with a jar of honey which went great with my tea. 
We started our meal with fresh from the oven scones which were soft and delectable, especially with the Devonshire cream and tart, sweet cranberry jam. We then moved onto the savory portion of our meal, with the highlight being the deviled eggs and the smoked salmon wrapped in cucumber. The former was creamy, rich and flavorful while the cucumber wrap was refreshing and light. Lastly, we had a tray of desserts with a particular chocolate shaped like a bag. While not a huge fan of the desserts (I prefer having two savory dishes or another round of scones), the overall experience was great. 
Make sure to make an appointment before you go as the hours of operations can be confusing. Looking forward to visiting again the next time we are in town.
The dessert platter here is phenomenal! When it comes to the actual tea and sandwiches though it was average. Would definitely go back though...the dessert alone is worth it!
I was taken here for my bridal shower and have to say it was perfect!!! From the service, the view and of course, the food. The flavors were intense and the teas were a great selection.
The service is fabulous.  It is different and food is beautiful.  Taste is different but that's okay I love new experiences and you don't know what you will like till you try it. Tea was good but smelled bad. It put me off a little bit sorry don't remember the name. I would highly reccomend this place!
Not sure if it was because I was with 2 of their residents but def will never return after my recent experience.
The scones are good and the view is really beautiful up there. But I think other deserts are not as good as the rate shows
What a classy experience! I pretended to be a white British gal coming to enjoy some classy high tea with her girlfriends. Key word being pretended

I've been to plenty of tea spots all over LA and the OC, but this is by far the most awesome tea experience I've had to date. The tea  room itself is pretty small, so definitely make a reservation. I had a reservation for 7 girls as part of a bachelorette weekend. The bride and I always enjoy high tea, so I thought this would be a great afternoon activity.

We sat at a table that had couches and chairs. The seating was seriously so comfortable, we all could have easily taken naps. Service was impeccable- someone was always there refilling our tea cups or bringing us a newly brewed pot of tea.

Now, the food! Not everything tasted the best, but they definitely get an A+ for presentation alone. Everything was so perfectly sized and perfectly prepared. Their deviled egg was super creamy and served inside an egg shell! There was a tart with goat cheese, we all kind of agreed it tasted good separate but not altogether. The sandwiches were very light and tasty, the salmon one was the best. We also all agreed that the chocolate and peanut butter dessert was the best! I really adored their scones though- so warm and delicious. For $35/person, we all thought this place was excellent. It's ruined all other afternoon tea places for me!

Parking: Mandarin only has valet, you have to go down the strip and make a right into the hotel, before you hit the CVS
Disappointed. Ordered the preset package. The tea is served in a clear pot. Was cheap looking and not even half full.  It wasn't hot enough either.   The rum cake was absolutely awful in smell taste and texture.  Only 3 items were decent, the scone, deviled egg and the hazelnut tart.  I like the pineapple jam and clotted cream. 

It was a good thing we only ordered one set for the both of us.  We would have ordered another pot of tea but we were so turned of by the food items.  I've had better afternoon tea elsewhere for cheaper even.
I've been looking for a tea room that had an actual sit down afternoon tea. And after looking around I decided to try the tea lounge. And I am so glad I did. I went with a girlfriend and he baby (very well behaved. We wouldn't have taken him if he wasn't ). The staff was amazing from valet helping my friend with her stroller to the servers making sure we had everything we needed & more. The scones are amazing. Hot & freshly baked. The cream for the scones is refrigerated & came out hard so I wish they let it sit out prior to serving to soften up. The savory dishes were amazing. They had a whipped deviled egg mouse thing that they served in an egg shell that was so delicious. The pastries were good too but I could have opted for less pastries & more savory dishes. The presentation is amazing & the view is great. Such a nice place to go have high tea and relax in The afternoon. I am already planning on going back in a couple weeks! Love it!!!
Loved this unique experience!

A nice comfy lounge overlooking the strip where you can just chill out with some pals. My hubby brought my here knowing I love to try new things, even though this type of thing (hot beverage in the desert?) isn't really his cup of tea. We ordered the earl gray jasmine, which was highly praised by past guests and our server. Also added a fruit plate. I highly recommend both.  The tea came steeped in a large ceramic pot and since it is a black tea I asked for milk. Did not need it. The flavor is mild and refreshing. Only $12/ pot we ordered the matcha green tea too. This is a strong tea so get it with milk/ sugar if you're not used to it. 

Afternoon tea will be a must for me on all future Vegas trips.
I've been wanting to do the high tea experience here for awhile, so we finally got to do that this past weekend. We tried to reserve it the same day but was put on a wait list. By 1pm that same day, we got a call saying that a spot open up for us. It was me, my husband and my parents-in-law (along with my kids) for tea. The classic english tea experience is for one person only  (at $40) but if you would like to share it, it's $5 a plate so my husband did that for us to share. The food is really small so I can see why it's for one person only. I was there for the tea more than anything else. 

For my daughter, I ordered unfiltered apple juice (probably the best apple juice she's ever had) and a croissant that she shared with her sister. 

The view of the strip down below really adds to the ambiance, let me tell you. I got a pot of tea to share with my husband, it was the organic white tea? I'm trying to remember the name...

A couple I met the night before raved about the tea place here so I had to check it out. It was a lovely experience shared with good company so I enjoyed it.

It lost a star because of these reasons:
-right by the lobby (which makes it hard to just enjoy without people looking over)
-no options for honey for the tea
-the rum cake in the desert section was dense and lacked flavor

Overall, a nice experience for tea in Vegas.
Just took my mom out here for Mother's day. Before I came I took a look at their menu online but when I got their they had the Mother's Day special for $50 per person which suprised me so I had to get it . Additionally it had everything that is included during regualr high set menu, but it also included champagne and a lovely rose for my mother. The view was excellent, enviroment was perfect, and the service was astonishing. As for the seating it was not as comfy as I would had thought, I sat on a chair with a pillow on my back while my mom sat on a couch, although she complained it was to far from the table. As for the food  their high tea pastries where delicious and I love their scones. As well as the wonderful dessert plate it was just yum! I will defiantly be coming back next time with my girlfriend. Wonderful place for a romantic date.
For us, tea at the Mandarin Oriental has become a cornerstone of every trip to Vegas. The Tea Lounge on the 23rd floot provides a bit of relief from the manic pace below. There is no casino here, the pace is tranquil, kind of spa/zen like.... Excellent tea, sandwiches and sweets (not to mention the over-the-top can't resist scones). Great view, get a table by the windows. Reservations are a must. Relax and savor.
hmmm...where to begin.
Mandarin Oriental in LV is such a lovely hotel, indeed. Great service all around from the moment you step out of the cab to the doors opening into the lobby and riding up the clean elevator (with comfy seating couch). The hostess at the tea lounge was sweet, pretty and helpful. Led us to our table by the huge windows. Perfect setting and views of the strip/Aria next door. Very much opposite of what Vegas usually entails inside a hotel, this was peaceful and serene. We each ordered the $36 Classic Afternoon Tea Set, had the Jasmine Peal, White Tip Darjeeling, Organic Lychee Green and Imperial Spring Dragonwell. All the tea smelled really good! The presentation was awesome, colorful, decedant. 

So why the 3stars only? Aside from the Smoked Salmon Cucumber Watercress sandwich and the cute egg shell holding the yummy Devilled Eggs...nothing else appealled to me, either bland or too sweet. The scone with the buttery spread was the best from the numerous pastries and dessert selections. Everything looked really good but tastewise...hmmm. Maybe I just didn't have a sweet tooth that day cuz it was just ridiculously sweet, too over the top. The tea help washed everything down...so that was good. Kinda.
This was my first time attending high tea anywhere and it was a lovely experience. This was the Mandarin Oriental, so of course it wasn't cheap -- it was $36/person for high tea. There were six of us, so we decided to get three high teas and split between us. Of course, since the food you receive is actually meant for one person, it wasn't really enough, so we ended up ordering a couple more plates of sandwiches and scones. 

The food was absolutely beautiful in presentation. I liked all the savory foods, but the desserts were hit or miss. I wish I could remember everything that was served but I do remember the rum cake was a bit of a dud. It was a bit bland to me and had an extremely chewy/rubbery texture. I also did not care for the chocolate ball on a stick with orange-flavored filling. 

The scones were by far the best part. They were fantastic served with the raspberry preserves and clotted cream. It reminded me of my days in England.

The teas were also fantastic. We got the organic lychee green tea, the English breakfast tea and the third one eludes me but I didn't get to try it, anyway.

Service was great. The views couldn't be beat. Overall, I loved the experience and it was a sweet finish to the weekend.
Lovely gem tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the casinos. I was quite surprised to see how small of a space it actually was, but since we were looking for a more intimate place to gather, it was perfect. It over looks the strip and no matter where you sit, there's a great view.

We had a group of 8 ladies, so I made reservations over the phone and they accommodated us without any problems. Our server explained to us how the menu worked and we all ordered our own teas and shared them with each other.

The dishes were yummy...except the salmon caper sandwich bite thing. If you don't like capers, stay away. I actually had to spit it out because I hated the taste. The capers were very overpowering. BUT!! If you enjoy capers, then perhaps you'll like it. My absolute favorite were the scones, clotted cream, and pineapple and cherry preserves. So yummy!!!! Even though the dishes were small, it filled us up. So much, that we barely made it through the dessert plates.

It's a lovely place to go on a date. Beautiful atmosphere & very affordable. I'd love to go again. But I'll pass on the salmon caper sandwich thing.
Pinkies up! The tea lounge is on the 23rd floor. It's a small open space next to the hotel lobby. Even so, we were in our own little world with a great view of the strip next to the floor-length windows. I loved the dcor, so classy. It was a serene place to sit back and relax. 

Classic English Afternoon Tea:

There's a selection of freshly brewed loose leaf teas. Each of us got our own pot of tea. We picked different flavors, so we could try each other's. I never drank so much tea in my life! I can't tell you which was my favorite, but I loved the smell of the teas.
 
The food was placed on a three tiered rack. It didn't look like much food, but it was more than enough. I started off with their signature scones. Their scones were really good (buttery and flaky), especially with the imported Devonshire clotted cream. The best thing I ate was the smoked salmon and cucumber with watercress spread. Salmon will always win with me. I also liked the creamy devilled egg in a shell. The pastries looked amazing, but they were too sweet and sugary. All of us agreed that the rum cake was the worst. It was rubbery. 

The service was great. When the tea got cold, they were able to reheat it for us. They even placed the remaining tea for one of the girls into a cup to go. It was an expensive experience, but I had a great time! It was my first tea party, and it's not going to be my last!
My husband had been begging me to go to this place to check out with him for months! So, after seeing picture as and reading a few reviews, I decided to go. Mind you, this was the first time for the both of us, and I was pretty excited to try something different in Vegas!
As we walked in, it was quite smaller than what I had imagined... Which, I loved! ( I felt like it was more intimate) after ordering, re curved out teas, which were out of this world! Then came the food. Tea sandwiches were good, and the different flavor a definitely played with your taste buds in such a way, I can't even begin to explain. So... We moved on to the next plate, egh didn't care for the scones, a bit under cooked..jellies were good, though. Finally, the desserts! I was so incredibly excited , as they all looked delicious! Unfortunately, out of the 5, one was just "okay". Everything put was too bitter, and tasted other tasted funny as it touched your tongue.
Here comes the bad part, as my husband and I were sitting there, all of a sudden I get a sudden urge to vomit, as does he. I barely make it to the bathroom, for 5 minutes I'm throwing every thing up. I come out, and then it's my husbands turn!
Cold sweat, bitter stomach, bad food. 
Such a let down for such a beautiful place. 
For the price (95, which tip is automatically included) totally not worth it.
The tea lounge was on the 23rd floor which I wasn't expecting. It's a nice view of the strip and is located right next to the front desk. It's a lot smaller than I had initially imagined and the seating is a bit uncomfortable for tea time. I felt like I was getting ready for a nap rather than having tea and pastries. The dessert pastries were a little too sweet- I couldn't finish them whatsoever and neither could anyone else in my group. I would suggest sharing one tea set for two people if you aren't very hungry but if you have more than two people then you definitely need multiple tea sets.
I've always been a sucker for finger sandwiches. Perfectly cut and how aesthetically appealing to the eye, it really pleases my OCD :) I have been to High Tea at Petrossian as well as Four Seasons, and had been looking forward to trying MO version, since only passing by the area, the view alone was worth a trip back. 

Served daily from 1p-5p, we had made a reservation not knowing how busy they get, upon arriving, there were a few open tables, but ours was right up against the window and offered amazing views from the 23rd floor. 

Looking over the tea menu, I chose the Organic Lychee Green and my friend chose the Mandarin Orange Blend. Neither one of these teas were anything special, I've had better tea at Starbucks, and I think Paymon's Mediterranean Cafe has a WAY better tea selection. The tower of food followed, and after a brief explanation from our waitress, we dove in. 

Starting with the creamy deviled egg (in a shell) with Paleta Iberico & lavash. This was the best deviled egg I've ever had, and I love how it as served in the shell. Up next was the smoked salmon & cucumber with watercress spread. This was my second favorite. Black Forest ham sandwich and the goat cheese tartlet with apricot jelly rounded out our savory portion, but the last two didn't impress me. 

The dessert plate was made of a selection of the assorted pastries, and the only one I really liked was the Yuzu shortbread. The others were way too sweet, a lemon chocolate cake pop, a rum cake cannelle  a blueberry creme puff.

The scones were probably one of the best I've had, but I love clotted cream, so smother any kind of biscuit with clotted cream and jam and you can't go wrong. 

For $90 for two people (they do auto-grat), I just can't recommend this. It was okay, but nothing spectacular.
Poor service, no sugar cubes, the tea was fine and the little side dishes are a hit and miss (more misses). Quite disappointed with the overall experience and expensive for what it offers. The seating arrangements are interesting and the venue tries to give off a faux posh atmosphere. They should look at Alice's Mad Teahouse in NYC for inspiration. Do not go here or proceed at your own risk.
My cousins and I went on the 2nd day that this restaurant was opened for.  We originally had reservations for the new Michael Mina's American Fish restaurant but the kitchen was having problem and ask us if we wouldn't mind trying out Julian Serrano instead & offered a free appetizer.  We decided to try it.

We arrived and they couldn't find our reservations.  However, they sat us since it was only 6pm.  The service was great if you arrive early.  Our server gave us a warning about the paella dish taking 35 mins to make so we ordered it as soon as he said it.  All our food was amazing, especially the spinach, mushroom soup, and scallop.  Everything was great so far, but staff became less attentive when 7pm came.  

We finished all our dishes and the paella was still nowhere to be seen.  By now it had been 45 mins since we ordered.  We saw 3 come out but all going to a different table.  2 going to tables who were sat at least 20 mins after us.  We informed our server and he checked and coming back saying they were having trouble with the rice and itshould be out in a bit.  15 mins passed and still nothing.  By now, we've been sitting without food for 30 mins.  Finally it came at 7:40pm.  

We were all so excited until we took a bite.  The rice was not done!  We told our waiter and he had a manager come over.  He explained to is that they cook the paella al dente and there should be a bite to it.  We explained that we understood what al dente was and this is simply not cooked and is not al dente.  He took our whole dish away and never returned.  Another server came by and we explained that our paella was not cook and that was why we were not eating off our plate so he took them away and said he would look into it.  No one came out and we asked for our check.  They did not take the plate off our bill and they didn't inform us or showed that they were taking any action to correct this.  The chef finally came out after we paid the bill and said that this is the way they cook their paella and was sorry that we didn't like it.  And said he could have another made, but we were no longer in the mmod and did not want to wait for another 35 mins.  It was 8:00pm already.  

I believed they forgot or messed up our order and that was why we waited so long.  And they rushed to get the plate to us so it was not cooked.  And they didn't believe us and said we were wrong to think it was undercooked.  The dished cost $90 for 4 and we expected better service and quality from a place like this.  

I would give the restaurant some time to perfect their craft before coming here again.  We were better off taking chances with Michael Mina kitchen problem instead.  At least we would have known what we were getting into.

PS I was so upset I had to write a review with my iPhone.  Please excuse the typos.  I will correct it as soon as I get a hold of a regular keyboard.
If anyone gives this less than five stars, you better have a really good reason.

Came here with a large group, roughly 11 people. Tapas is difficult with more than 3 of 4 people, but Julian Serrano's staff made it work.

The cocktails are out of this world. Most of the specialty cocktails are $14; I had a gin and apple liquor mix, along with the red sangria, white sangria. Gorgeous.

The wait staff made recommendations for the large group, nobody left hungry, everything looked unbelievably good. I had eaten beforehand - didn't know I was joining for dinner - but I tried a couple of things. The things I tasted were unreal delicious, the prices were fair. I think we spent $1050 for 11 people, including drinks and gratuity.

The group I went with - major foodies - all left extremely happy, full, and raving about it. I left drunk, just as happy, and can't wait to go back. Julian Serrano himself - the namesake of the restaurant - was sauntering around the place all night making sure everybody was taken care of.

Top class, top taste, reasonable prices. Five stars.
Tapas, oh how I love you. Julian Serrano is the best Tapas restaurant in Las Vegas and easily the best tapas I've ever had. Located inside the Aria hotel, its location is near the lobby and just has a half wall separating you from the hordes of people gawking at the beautifully decorated restaurant. This really wasn't detracting, but be prepared for a few flash bulbs in your general direction. It really isn't all that noisy, though, considering its location. 

Our waiter was great and made our experience perfect. I highly recommend the shrimp cheviche. It's well balanced and the fattiness of the avocado is perfect with the citrus-y shrimp. The plain sounded "Beef and Cheese" was a favorite of ours- tender as butter beef tenderloin slathered in beef demi glaise and walnuts with melted brie over toast. Wow. It was perfection. Each dish we sampled was beautiful to the eye and delicious. Our waiter recommended 3-4 dishes a piece which was just right. We had 6 tapas plates and 3 drinks which set us back $102 before tip. Well worth it. 

I tried both sangrias- the red is definitely better than the white which too watery for me. 

I plan to go back for more next time I'm in Las Vegas.
The best meal of my life was at Picasso (Julian Serrano's fine dining establishment at the Bellagio), so I had very high expectations for his restaurant at Aria. I was pleasantly surprised to see him offering a tapas menu here, which makes his cuisine more affordable, in a casual space that opens onto the main lobby area.  Where the food was concerned, Serrano lived up to all my expectations. Four of us shared four dishes as a light lunch - the chicken croquetas, wild mushroom risotto, ahi tuna tempura, and fried calamari - and all were terrific. I just love love love tapas, being able to try a little bit of a lot of dishes, and Serrano's are some of the best I've had (next to Jose Andres's dishes at The Bazaar, in LA). Service was a bit spotty, but I'll cut them some slack since it was only day 4. I'm thrilled to see Chef Serrano offering his immense talent in a more casual, moderately-priced restaurant. It's no Picasso, but for being the "next best thing," it's pretty darn wonderful.
I have MULTIPLE reasons why this place deserves waaay less than 5 stars.  

I wanted to check out the new City Center, so on our way out of Vegas we head over- holy moly, this place is huge!  As we're walking around and trying desperately to find a place to eat, I spot Julian Serrano.  Tapas?  Yum!  So we try it out... (one of my many bad decisions in Vegas...)

It was around 12-1ish (lunchtime), and there weren't too many people seated, but they gave us a table front and center of the entrance.  Not a problem, but that table was rockier than a mountainside!  I told the hostess about the problem, and she quickly alerted the manager, and he came to fix it... with paper... while we were just sitting there.  After a minute or so to no avail, I exasperatingly asked if we could just be moved.  Geez, no brainer, people!!!!!!  NEXT PROBLEM!  Our waitress was slower than molasses.  Took forever to order, forever to get our drinks, her attention, etc... it was a nightmare (maybe her first stint at waitressing? Her shaky hands couldn't even fill our waters without spillage all over the table)!  

Since the area was open space, and it's right next to the entrance/exit to the mall (or maybe the A/C was on waaay too high), but it was FREEZING, which quickly rendered our food cold.  I was a Marisa-sicle and just wanted to get the heck out of there.  Only brightside was that the food was good, but def not worth all of the issues.  By the time I finally found our waitress and asked for our bill (and waited foreverrrrrrr for her to get it to us), we find that she billed us incorrectly.  FOREVER minutes later, her manager finally hands us our corrected bill.  By the end of our lunch I was completely unhappy and cold.  SADFACE.
The food just was not good.  The lobster was chewy and tasteless paired with the worst pieces of pineapple I've ever tasted.  The gambas were meh.  The chicken just wasn't that great.  The pan de machego was okay but how hard is that too mess up?

The portions are super small forcing you to buy many and the prices are not cheap but I didn't expect them to be considering the location.  Service was def okay but like I said to begin with, the food just was not good.
Tapas eating is just the way to go when you want to dry different plates...
We had:
*Brava Potatoes - We would have it again.
*Flat iron steak - We would have this again.
*15 year old Serrano ham - Nice touch with the toasted bread with the ham.
*Shrimp ceviche - Ceviche is always good.
*Mixed Paella - Good, but wished there was more crust/crunch to the top of it.
*Flan - Delish with a strawberry topping.
*Spanish creme brulee - Wish I had the flan instead.
*White Sangria - Non-stop.

Vegas has so many good restaurants.  Perfect place for Christmas because nothing is ever closed.
I make around 4-5 trips to Vegas a year from LA. I have been to many of Las Vegas' newest and finest. This establishment falls very short.

After placing our drink order, our first waiter disappeared. The staff finally caught on, and our "new" waiter stepped in to finally take our order. To our surprise, this young waiter condescendingly insisted on explaining to us how tapas works so we "don't have any questions later."

Allow me to stress how underwhelming the food was once it finally arrived. What's even more laughable is the one dish the staff recommended was by far the most mediocre (lobster on a skewer that was overpowered by a slice of pineapple). 

When it came to dessert, we came to a decision quite quickly. Once again, ignored by the staff for nearly 20 minutes we opted to take the check. When it comes to tapas, Julian Serrano was one of the most disappointing experiences I've ever had. The absurdly rude and neglectful staff made this experience completely inexcusable.
Went here with yelper Evan T so this review might seem redundant, but seriously WTF?
Yes, this place had been open for a mere week before we choose it as our dining destination, but if your gonna open up in Vegas, you better have your shit together. There are tons of casinos/hotels/restaurants doing things the right way, just copy and paste. JS failed to do that.
Three hungry dudes and tapas should have been a perfect match right? Wrong. The food was extremely forgettable, with the worst item being the one recommended to us by our server, the overcooked lobster with canned pineapple skewer.
As unmemorable as the food was, the service is not something I will forget. I am convinced we either never saw our waiter or he wasnt working that night, as the gentleman who we kept having to flag down was gracious enough to take our orders but had to keep reminding us that he was not our waiter. 
20 minutes after being presented with dessert menus someone returned to ask us what we would like. "20 minutes ago we wanted dessert, now we just want the check."
Perhaps this place will work out the kinks over time, but ill let you figure that out since plan never to return.
Oh Boo Hoo eating well in Las Vegas is expensive. Once you get over the sticker shock at every nice restaurant on the Strip it's time to start eating!

On our first night a friend of mine who lives in Vegas wanted to show us Aria since it just opened last week. Visually, Aria has, in my opinion, the most beautiful casino on the strip. And inside Aria is where Julian Serrano is.

First off I love the decor and the chairs, which look 70s modern are really comfortable. Usually I'm more of a plain chair to eat dude, but these were something special.

I looked at the beer list at the back of the wine list and also a beer list on the main menu and they were different. Very strange. They didn't have Weihenstephaner like one menu indicated, but Fat Tire was fine. You'll find FT everywhere in Vegas.

The food:

~Dates with almond centers: Good. Weird spicy red sauce to go with them actually melded well with the dates.

~Chicken croquetas: Loved these. Not sure what part was chicken but they were creamy crispy goddesses i'd eat way more of.

~Seared scallops with a peanut sauce: $12 for one scallop. Ouch. But!, it was really awesome. Barely cooked. Some people might not like that but I did. Probably would pass next time because of the high price and small size.

~Flat Calamari (not fried): The most interesting thing I ate in Vegas! I love calamari, but have never had this part of the squid. There were little baby one which you'll see most places, but then they had what look liked the ends of the tentacles. Not sure what part it was but they were fantastic! A must get for the adventurous eater!

This was my 2nd favorite meal in Vegas. I definitely recommend it. Go with a lot of people to try everything on the menu.
We only sat at the bar and had a couple plates before going to see a show, but I was really pleased with the experience.

The bartender was very friendly and attentive.  He was very knowledgeable about tequila. The white sangria was delicious and fruity without being overly sweet.

The pan con manchego was absolutely perfect - great country bread, just the right amount of garlic and tomato, and very high quality manchego and olive oil. It was very satisfying.  

The bartender recommended the wrinkled potatoes, which were deliciously salty boiled new potatoes with a delightful spicy dipping sauce.  The sauce was very flavourful and had the right amount of kick.

Prices were very reasonable and portions were adequate, given that its a tapas place.  Please run around $6-$8 for the lighter fare, and paella closer to $15 (I think) . Tons of great veggie options, which is rare in Vegas.

I'll definitely go back for a full meal in the future.
I'd love to attribute the awful service to the fact that the restaurant had only been open 10 days, but some things are just inexcusable. We experienced the unfortunate combination of a condescending (yes, I know what tapas-style means for the third time) and nonexistent waitstaff. One guy was trying to cover for the fact the our assigned waiter was a total flake, but the whole place seemed to be flustered and did not seem to care about the 3 young dudes with Yelp accounts that were actually excited to eat this meal. Maybe we weren't gonna drop a large amount of dough on multiple rounds of cocktails, or order the overpriced paellas that I witnessed them misplace on multiple other tables, but please show us the same respect and attention you gave these other Las Vegas tourists. Well you didn't and I came away remembering a lot less about the food than I would've, which is a damn shame because I am pretty sure I ate some pretty good stuff while I was there. For a hotel that has multiple fine dining options, go somewhere else where you can hopefully find service that is up to par with the food and price.
what a rip-off! everything is small portion and overprice. dinner for us 2 wa 190.00 without alcohol. the decoration was beautiful and surrounded by large crowd of golddiggers.
holy shit this place was bad. i dont mind the weird service since i think all the aria stuff is new...like our server asked us about dessert at dish 2 of 5. huh? but good god, the food! i am a walking garbage disposal. i will eat things even if they are bad or spoiling. :P but we had the tempura ahi and we each took one bite of the 2 pieces and stopped. 2 pieces of old-tasting ahi and i could not finish it. u know why??? cuz i had to eat the entire plate of bad octopus. chewy, salty, smelly octopus. there's more bad stuff but i dont like writing novels...
First of all, Julian Serrano is one of the best chefs in the world - period.  You probably haven't had the pleasure of eating at Picasso at the Bellagio because it's so expensive (and worth every penny), but now you can enjoy the chef's great taste at less of a price at his new namesake restaurant at Aria.  You can tell that each one of the tapas and paella dishes are made with care and each morsel is delicious.  My family and I went for a taste and we couldn't stop ordering!  The sangria is great, too, but watch out - it can hit you.  The restaurant is also beautiful with glass pieces on the floor to ceiling shelves, gold detailing and rich colors.  Stay for a bite or stay for a while - you're sure to have a great time.
Being the food-crazed person that I am, I perused the menu extensively before making reservations for my husband and I for NYE. We even half way picked out what we were going to have before arriving (yup, I'm food obsessed). I was beyond psyched to try the lobster/pineapple and ahi tuna/raspberry. 

Drink orders were taken after 20 minutes. Drink orders were forgotten. Service was pretty damn bad in general. Also I did experience the issue the other person faced where they kept asking about dessert after 10 minutes with our first course (WTF)? These things I can forgive them for, given it's a new place. 

The guy finally takes our food order, and after taking the order says "well we're out of lobster, tuna, and scallops". WTF. It's 5:30, we're literally one of the first diners of the evening. He doesn't offer an explanation (mb the supplier flaked?), or an apology. Just "we're out of half the menu" essentially. I'm more than a little irritated, as these were the items I was most excited about. 

Why 3 stars? The food we did try was really good. 

*Risotto with mushrooms and manchego: Tiny (it's tapas), but DAMN Good. I was scraping the plate. 
*Beef with brie: Note, this has honey and nuts all over it. I found it scrumptious, but mb the idea of a honey covered steak doesn't appeal to everyone!
*Mini Chorizo over garlic potatoes: yup as good as it sounds
*Garlic shrimp: Boring. This was a sad substitute for my lobster I wanted.. grrr
*Spanish creme brulee - HUGE and quite good
*White Sangria - packs a punch.. there might be 2 hours of NYE that I can't remember and I blame this sangria!

Overall it has major potential, but my first dinner here was a bit of a disappointment. I'm excited we have a high-end tapas place finally, so I'll definitely be back to give it another shot but I'll probably give them a few months to get the kinks worked out.
The only other restaurant in the Aria Casino that opens for lunch besides their cafe and buffet place. Julian Serrano serves great tapas items. And with Tapas, each dish is smaller but cheaper, anywhere from $8-$20 per plate. If you are not that hungry or usually don't eat too much, you can spend $30 and be quite full. 
Recommended dish: flat iron steak (super tasty and moist), dates stuffed with goat cheese wrapped in bacon (4 pieces per serving), fried calamari (great aioli sauce), and to indulge, order the mix paela (comes with a whole lobster) for $45. The menu says it is for 2 people, but  should be enough for 4 people unless that is the only dish you ordered.
Serrano is an excellent choice in Vegas.  I would even pay more for it given the quality of the food.  My boyfriend and I liked it so much that after eating dinner there, we ate lunch there the next day.  There are not many nice lunch options in the Aria and therefore lunch is definitely more packed than dinner.  For better or for worse, Serrano is near the entrance of Aria and therefore in a busy section. Food comes over quickly so if you need to get to a show quickly or get your gambling on Serrano is a good bet.
Service was friendly and efficient.
Sangria was decent, but the real star is the great food. In general, I liked the traditional tapas more than the new tapas.
We particularly liked:
Stuffed peppers with goat cheese: Ok this is the real reason we came back again. A must try. Just perfect.
Chicken croquetas: These were excellent. Crispy on the outside and creamy inside. Melts in your mouth delicious. 
Dates with almond: Good stuff. Comes with bacon and spicy sauce. But really everything with dates is good.
Tuna Tiradito-smooth like butter
Octopus: Nice texture and flavoring. Large portion for tapas.
Wrinkled potatoes: Simple, but addictive with great spicy pepper sauce.
Beef with brie: Good, but not the best thing on menu. 
Garlic shrimp: Comes to the table sizzling. Very good, but I've been spoiled by some places in NY.
Avocado and salmon "new" tapas: nice texture and presentation.
Lobster/pineapple skewer: Surprisingly good combo.
Ahi Tuna/raspberry skewer: I like this, but the beautiful raspberries overpower the tuna.
Crema catalana -Huge portion. I thought it was for 2 people. Spanish version of creme brulee, but better with more zest.

Pricing here is quite reasonable...which means you can go there twice!
Went there on 1/8/09 for lunch. I thought I was in for a big surprise and what it turned out to be was a big nightmare. Service was good but the food was awful. Ordered all the ceviches and out of the 5 only two were good. The other 3 smelled like rotten fish and tasted horrible. Also ordered the Paella Marinera. Wow what a disappointment! No flavor what so ever. Downright tasteless. Would not go there ever again.
Went to Julian Serrano the Friday after New Year's Eve. Had many menu items- green apple salad, chorizo, dates, calamari, ahi tuna, and the pasta paella just to name a few. The food was tolerable, I definitely will not go back.  I was given complimentary Spanish lessons in the bathroom but had to beg to have my water refilled. The ambiance was wonderful (although no one could figure out how to put on the Lakers game...?).
Our last meal in Vegas found us walking into Julian Serrano out of sheer convenience.  If you've read any of my reviews at ARIA, you'll know that I couldn't wait to leave, much less rush back to my room after an uninspiring massage to check out and leave my bags with the porter because they were "unable" to extend an additional hour to me to enjoy the spa facilities after my treatment.

Anyhow, we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of our meal and service at Julian Serrano.  We noticed that a different server brought out each of the dishes, and our drinks were replenished immediately.  (Managers seemed friendly, courteous and comfortable, not uptight and angry-looking like others around the hotel.)  Spanish tapas are quite different from, say, Italian preparations.  So, one should not disparage the Pan Manchego and expect chunky bruschetta.  The Pan Manchego was a perfect start with excellent flavor.  In fact, pretty much everything we ordered was excellent.  The gazpacho came with the vegetables chopped up and elegantly arranged in a bowl, over which the waiter then poured the pured tomato base (again, not chunky as we might be used to).  Tuna tiradito was nice, but very small portioned.  Hubby asked the waitress if there were live octopi in the back because the dish we had was the freshest and most tender pieces we've ever had.  I've already forgotten what else we ordered, but I do remember the luscious chocolate cake, which was molten in the middle and paired with a mango sorbet.  Nothing spectacular or out of the ordinary, but a simple and good ending to the meal.  What a relief to have experienced this finally during our stay.  If only the rest of the ARIA resort was operating at this level...
Went here Dec 31 last year for lunch. The place was extremely crowded, and it was very hard to get a table without any reservation. Bar seats are available on first-come first-serve basis. We were lucky to get our seats at the bar within 20 minutes. 

After we got the seats, it took us another 15 minutes before a waiter came to approach us. Slow service, but it could be because the place was so totally new and disorganized.

We order 4 dishes and sangrias. Grilled baby squids, charcutterie platter, spanish omellete (or pizza?), and mushroom risotto.
Grilled baby squids tastes fresh and well seasoned. The portion is a bit small. (B+)
Spanish omellete is very good. Tasty and the portion is decent. (A-)
Charcutterie is overrated and overpriced for the price that is charged. The meat is sliced so paper thin and the ham is dry that I barely can taste what it is supposed to be like. The chorizo is the only salvation in this dish. (B-)
Mushroom risotto is quite good, but again, the portion is pretty small. (B)
Sangria is good, but a bit on the pricier side. (B)

Service is B because although it is slow, our waiter is quite friendly and attentive after he notices us.

Hence, I can only give 3 stars for this restaurant.
Julian Serrano is an upscale tapas bar that is wonderful. Food is pretty traditional but the presentation takes it to the next level.  Portions are pretty small even for tapas but worth the money.  Standouts included the chicken croquetas, the shrimp ceviche, and squid.  One or two items i felt were a tad short of salt but were still good.  Service was great as well.
stopped in for lunch last week.  service was terrible!!!
the server wasnt able to answer basic questions about the food,  he actually gave wrong answers that lead us to order certain things, that then came out as something not expected,  he didnt even offer to take it away for something else since he screwed up!
when the food was delivered it was just dropped at the table, no explanation at all of what it was. they have alot of work ahead, kind of sad, seeing the manager is the old GM from Alex at wynn!
the food was decent, but not great,  there were highs and lows. we had close to 20 small plates for the group of us, and most was mediochre,  the patatas bravas were the best thing we had.
bill came to 250 plus tip for lunch, with no wine/alcohol,  just food and couple of iced teas.
i would go back in a few months to see if its worked out but otherwise not worth it!!
We stopped by for a quick bite for lunch and sat at the bar.

We started off with the sangrias and decided to go with the little ham charcuterie plate.

The sangrias are DELICIOUS. They gave us a little sample of each so we could decide which one to get.. but they were both so good that we decided to get one of each. 

The charcuterie plate was wonderful too. It came with toasted bread, the delicious thinly sliced ham and a lovely tomato olive oil puree-type dipping sauce. The flavors were just right.

Also loved the decor...

Looking forward to coming here again to try their croquettes, etc. :)
i had no qualms with service, but i swear the food standards in vegas must be plummeting. the tapas had potential to be good...but that just wasn't enough. there just wasn't anything memorable about the food--taste, modern twist, nothing. :(
This is one of the very best Spanish restaurants we have ever eaten in anywhere in the United States, and certainly rates with some of the better places we've been to in Spain!  We went for dinner (tapas), and everything was phenomenal!  The stuffed dates are so tasty (sweet, crunchy, and salty all at the same time ... and fried to boot!), the fried piquillo peppers were just sooooo good, we wolfed down the whole plate!  The bacalao croquettes (a special) were the most airy and tasty we've had in years, and the deconstructed mediterranean seafood stew was absolutely sublime!  And of course, the Pata Negra Jamon Iberico - well, if you know Pata Negra, enough said!   Pair all that with an outstanding bottle of Alion Ribera del Duero and you have the makings of one fantastic dinner!

 Our only dings: the coco chorizo was a disappointment, and they didn't serve bread on the table.  But, hey, who bats 1000?

The service was very good, eventhough it was quite busy, and our sommelier was especially helpful and friendly.

If you like Spanish food (heck, if you like food), do yourself a favor and visit Julian Serrano ... but be sure to have your credit card ready!
Came her with a business partner on a recent trip.  The lamb chop was delicious - specifically the aioli sauce they put with it!  I also got the potatoes with an aioli sauce.  It was also good but the sauce they put on the lamb chop was better.

My business partner loved the beef and cheese dish.  The service was very friendly and quick and the atmosphere was very calming.  

The sangria was just ok but I was impressed that they had white and red sangria. 

Dessert is a must try!  We shared the rice pudding and it was the most unique rice pudding I have ever had.  I would definitely come back.

The only downside is that the prices are kind of sttep but that's expected in Vegas.
Me and some girls from the wedding party came in for lunch and since I wanted to watch football, we sat at the bar.  I try to read some of the other reviews prior to adding my own - we had no issues with service but I think that is often the case at the bar. I can't remember the girls name but she was a doll.  Yes, she reminded us what tapas are / portion size and that items just come out when ready.  

I had to search around for a website with a menu because I cannot for the life of me recall what we ate other than pure goodness.  I think this guy did a GREAT post with pics and the menu...you might wanna check this out before going.  I didn't pick this place so I had no idea what to expect.  I'm ok with that, but some people are NOT.  http://www.kevineats.com/2009/12/julian-serrano-las-vegas-nv.htm 

There were three of us and we ordered
*white ceviche yum 
*scallop ceviche - good but I could have skipped
*ahi tuna tempura - Yes! Good size piece of ahi. 
*tuna-raspberry skewer - looked pretty, tasted good
*cheese platter - cheese is my FAVORITE food...but it was just cheese, skip if you need the room. Go for it, if you're nervous about new foods
*stuffed piquillo peppers - heaven!! Red pepper with goat cheese? I could have seriously  had minimum 4 orders of this item!
*pan manchego - this was GREAT - really bad sounding description but the "fresh tomato sauce" was more chunky tomato than sauce and it was the perfect amount of wetness on the bread...like soggy but not gross soggy, perfect. Just get it...it's awesome
*beef and cheese - good.

We did have cocktails but since we were at the bar I saw they had a great selection of spirits.  We did get two desserts the server recommended....I didn't think they were fabulous but the meal was so good I didn't mind.  Skip dessert and get the gelato in Aria.

We discussed going back, the meal was that good.  It is definitely not cheap. It was worth it! Check this place out - sit at the bar!
I think this could have been closer to 3.5 but I rounded down...it just seemed appropriate given our experience there.

Hubby and I stopped by their first weekend open and in what I hope are just growing pains (and they better grow fast), we had a pretty unimpressive experience.

We wanted a snack so we dropped in during their "snack" hour (2pm to 5pm?).  From the distance, we noted a few people get a table but we also saw that it wasn't busy at all so we excitedly rushed over.  Little did we know frustration and disappointment would ensue.  

First thing we were told was that there was to be no seating at the tables.  Only bar and that's first come first serve.  The hostess was a non-nonsense (read: not nice) Eastern European lady who couldn't give a rat's ass if we ate there or not. Well, as luck would have it, there was no available bar seating.  Mean Hostess went away and thankfully a nicer (but no less helpful one) came by.  

She ran to the other side of the restaurant and came back saying that they were "cleaning off a table for us" and would be ready momentarily.  Really?  Because Mean Hostess just told us there's no table seating, I thought.  Flash forward 10 minutes - there was no cleaning activity of any kind.  Lies!!  Nice Hostess had disappeared and Mean Hostess was back.

After waiting about 10 more minutes, some people finally got up and left so we ran over to the bar.  Nice Hostess was standing by to direct us to the seats that WE FOUND OURSELVES.  Yeah, where's our "table"? lady?  

We were sorely mistaken that service would pick up as soon as we were seated.  Silly us.  We finally got our drink orders in but shame on us for not putting in our food order along with it because...well, we should have.  It took a while longer.  Hubby went with a diet coke and I went with their white sangria which could have been fresher.

One look at the menu and I could see that the experience would be (should be) similar to that of eating at The Bazaar in Los Angeles.  Except...they were "out" of the first three things I tried to order.  The deconstructed seafood stew was just basically seafood spread out on a fancy plate.  The most memorable dish I would have to say was the cheese platter, three Spanish cheeses served with quince paste and some over-charred bread.

I have to say that usually I could get over a long wait or frustrating seating experience if the food is worth it.  It wasn't...and hubby and I left Julian Serrano $80 poorer for a not-great snack.  Maybe we'll go back when the Yelp rating is at least 4 stars.

Here's the final jab in our heart...as we left, they were seating a couple at a table rather than making them wait forever for a bar seat.
I ate here on a slow Thursday evening with my girlfriend.  The restaurant has a beautiful and elegant interior, but it's open to one of the main Aria throughways, and that makes it feel kind of casual, like a swanky airport lounge.

We were seated right away, but at a table next to a serving station, so we had waiters loitering by us most of the time.  I hate that.  Our drinks, an Estrella and a white sangria, came right away.  Once we ordered, the plates came out in rapid succession.  I highly recommend the potatoes brava, tuna tiradito, spanish charcuterie platter and sauted spinach.  I do not recommend the lobster croquetas (off-menu) or coca chorizo.  I also had a mixed bag of mixed olives.  We skipped dessert, opting instead to stroll over to Jean Philippe.  I can never fill up on tapas for some reason, but I left satisfied, and it was a good way to start the vacation.
We headed to City Center for a late dinner before heading out to the clubs for the evening, and picked Julian Serrano because they had vegetarian options on the menu for me.  I have to admit, I was mildly disappointed in our experience at Julian Serrano.  We ordered the mushroom soup, Tortilla Espanola, Shrimp Ceviche, chicken skewers, eggplant/peppers, and mixed Paella (lobster, chorizo, chicken).  The paella was pretty good, but I have definitely had better...for $40, I was expecting it to blow my mind.  The other items were just okay.  The dcor was great, the service was excellent, and their menu and wine list looked promising...but frankly, I have had tapas that were ten times better at my favorite dive tapas bar here in San Francisco, for about a third of the price.  

I probably wouldn't come running back here the next time I was in Vegas, unless someone else was paying.
We came for a late dinner on a Thursday night and were blown away.  Everything we had was amazing and the prices were really not that bad (at least for a fancy dinner in Vegas).  Total came to just over $100 for two people with one cocktail each.  We shared six plates and that was a decent amount of food.  Our favorites were the grilled flat calamari, chicken croquetas, creamy risotto, and the spanish cheese plate.  One of the best meals I've had in a long time!
Nice contemporary setting that is classy but also casual feeling since it's very open and there's a lot of foot traffic passing by.  

Items I enjoyed in no particular order: codfish fritters, scallop ceviche, and huevas estrellados (greasy goodness, perfect hangover food!). 

A few I did not: wrinkled potatoes (various pieces were undercooked), stuffed dates, and sangria that was severely watered down and therefore seemed like a poor value.

Also had the pata negra.  At $30 for a serving size less than a ghetto Carl Buddig pack (mmm Carl Buddig), I expected to have some sort of culinary revelation.  Instead it was tasty but I have to say I was underwhelmed.  But maybe I just don't know how to enjoy pata negra. I'm not going to pass judgment though on this particular pata negra until I have the chance to try it elswhere.  

Overall, a good meal with some highs and lows. Reasonably priced by vegas standards.  They haven't even been open a month and it's likely they will improve.  I'd consider it a 3.5* with potential.  I'm eager  to come back and give it another shot down the road.
Highly anticipated (by me), rather disappointed in execution.

I need to stop falling for the chicken croquettes! They are NOT the same as what you get in Spain.  Bland and not cheezy.  They were identical to the ones I had at Bazaar in LA.

The best dish was their risotto with mushrooms and manchego.  The calamari dish (small whole squid) was juicy and tender.

The deconstructed seafood stew, lobster skewers with pinapple and the coco chorizo were all severely disappointing - really unmemorable, boring items.
Took employee, her husband and a business associate with me on Friday night.  Vegas is clearly still hurting as I called and was told no reservations were necessary.  We were seated when we arrived.  The food was good - definitely on the small side in terms of proportions but they had a nice variety of spanish food including a version of something I've never seen outside of Spain called Huevos Estrellados.  In Madrid they have Huevos Rotos which is over-easy eggs on top of potato chips with serrano jamon in the mix.  This used french fries instead but it was a tasty throw-back.  I'm not a seafood eater but enjoyed sampling some of the seafood dishes including the calamari and the scallops.  Pork chop was a tad on the rare side but had great flavor and the stuffed dates with piquilllo pepper sauce and the piquillo peppers themselves were both delicious (hard to go wrong when stuffed with cheese).  This is definitely not tapas from Spain but the food was good.

All in all a fun, social meal with good presentation.  City Center itself is stunning.  Not the best value for the money (we spent $209 after tax/tip on four with just one glass of wine and one cocktail) but it does slot in between casual casino dining and really high end restaurants.

One irritation - the plates have kind of a raise in the rim on them which makes setting down your knife/fork impossible.  Form over function fail!
Great modern yet casual tapas restaurant.

Be sure to be seated in the back, as it is more private and plush.  The seating infront of the bar at the front of the restaurant feels like you are eating in the casino and you are on display to everyone walking by.

The cocktails are well conceived, though the pear ginger julip, which sounded great, was very sweet.  Serving it in a taller glass with more ice or adding a splash of club soda would make it perfect.  I later switched to the red sangria, which was much better and half the price.

I must have sampled a dozen tapas plates, most of them based on the waitor's recommendation (our waitor Stefan was great server and very accomodating), and almost all of them were very good.  The only let down was the beef filet which was a bit tough and over done and needed more seasoning.

My favorite plates were the crispy calamari, ceviche, chicken croquettas, lobster skewers with pineapple gell, ahi skewers with raspberry gell.  Be sure to end your dinner with dessert as they all sound very good.

I would definitely dine again here.
Not at all what I was expecting.  

Expensive for the portion sizes.  

Potatoes undercooked.  

Shrimp ceviche giant, completely raw chunks.  Obviously marinated with lime to order.  I liked it, but the others in my crew nearly hurled.  

Chicken croquetas disgusting, livery tasting, dry.  

Best thing we had was the apple-manchego salad.  Paella overcooked, mushy, bland.  

Desserts weak.  Chocolate lava cake?  Really?  They serve those @ Domino's Pizza now.  

The local critics have been giving Serrano the courtesy reach-around for years.  I don't know why.  Picasso's menu hasn't changed since they opened.  The food there is served almost banquet-style.  Same veg and piped mashed potatoes I was served at my brother's wedding in 1993 at the Marriott.

Skip this place.   Go to Firefly*.
Nice ambience. Cool place to hang out. I liked their selection of tapas but expensive.  The food was good. We went here for lunch and we're seated right a way. We also had an excellent waitress/server.
This place was okay. It's a beautiful restaurant in Aria but the food was average. I came here the night after the grand opening so they were still "practicing". The lobster paella was overpriced, and uncooked, They state it's suppsoed to be that way, aldente, but does that mean I should be able to see the white uncooked portion of the rice grain and tasting gritty? uhm, don't think so. But you can't go wrong with the cheese and serrano ham. THe warm octopus dish was probably the best. I didn't like the sangria.
We shared a couple of apps & drinks at the bar.  The red & white sangria were good, but I prefer the red sangria at Firefly.  Seafood ceviche was very nice & fresh (prepared right in front of us).  The stuffed dates with piquillo pepper sauce were tasty as well.  I would have liked to try more plates, but had to save room for our dinner at Sage later.  Overall a nice experience & we will be back.
Everything was great, I especially liked the lobster tail with molecular pineapple and the beet salad. The Sangria tasted like it does in Spain.
Atmosphere was louder and more casual than I expected. If I lived in Vegas this would be a great place to go to have a few drinks and a snack.
I had a really nice time. The food was a little better than I expected which is a plus! We sat at the bar and the bartender was working hard, serving a lot of people while maintaining drinks and positive personality too. I would like to go back for more.
We had really hoped to be more impressed. It's not that the food isn't okay... it's split. Some of the tapas plates are worth the $10-14 cost... half are not... (and all portions are skimpy).
For two people, you order 7-8 tapas.. so there's $50 bucks of your meal that will be for just ok food... sorry that's just not good enough... (at what should be a top notch Strip restaurant).
With a $50 bottle of unimpressive wine, you'll be in for $150 plus tax and tip.
Will you be drawn back for a second try... maybe you'll remember the pluses over the shortcomings.. don't think we will though.
Overpriced tapas in extremely small portions in my opinion. But if you want to indulge in a few bites of Spanish food before heading out to the Vegas clubs, this place will do. 
Try the world famous ham~ it was definitely the most delicious item on the menu, and we tried just about everything on it.
This is the third Tapas Bar I've been to in Vegas and I was quite disappointed; Julian Serrano is mediocre in my books and Firefly is still #1 to me. The Mister and I came for a Valentine's Day brunch since we had $75 credit from the Aria Hotel, if it weren't for that reason I doubt we would have eaten here. 

Service that day was kind of off; we didn't know who our server was since we had over five different people helping us. And when we needed to order more drinks and tapas no one was around to take our order; so we had to ask the Host to help us out and of course he apologized for the rest of the staff that wasn't around. 

As for food, we ordered:

-----------------------------------------------------------

Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas - $9 
Bravo Potatoes - $8 
Seared Scallop - $12 
Lobster Pineapple Skewers - $14
Stuffed Dates - $8
Marinated Garlic Chicken and Mushroom Skewers - $9 
Coca Chorizo - $10

-----------------------------------------------------------

None of these items stood out to me, they were all very average tasting just like any other typical tapas bar. The only item that was amazing was the Lobster Pineapple Skewers, it had a lot flavor, and the texture of the cooked pineapple gave the skewer itself a nice twist to the lobster piece - the sauce, the seasoning, everything was perfect, it was so good that we even ordered an extra one.
I signed up JUST so i could write this review....i LOVED this spot.
I stayed at the Aria this weekend and this was the restaurant my boyfriend and I picked to try. We have had horrible luck with restaurants in the past and this one broke our streak! 
The place is beautiful. I got the white Sangria which was fantastic. You can watch some of the tapas being prepared at the bar. The food was phenomenal. If you like sushi you have to try the Tuna & Molecular Raspberry...the tuna was really fresh with a hint of wasabi then the raspberry cools down your mouth and adds such a wonderful flavor. 
Other dishes I highly recommend:
Seafood Civiche, Lobster & Molecular Pineapple, Fresh Oysters
Our bill for the two of us with drinks, food, and dessert only came out to $100 which was a lot better than I thought it would be!
My only complaint would be that it's a little noisy and the tables for two are long enough that it's hard to hear someone talk. However, I will end with the fact that I will be craving this place till my next trip to Vegas.
Modern lines, textures, colours. Un Vegas as is the hotel it is located within, the Aria. Sleek without being cold. Service as any serious restuarant in this city has to be. Good. 
Tapas from the country where it was created.  Small bites, small plates. BIG flavours. 7 chosen to share as every meal shoud be. 
Huevos Estrellados disappointing. Egg was perfect. Potatoes aka pommes frites? No.Call them what they are: french fries. Greasy. Salty. Chorizo. Should have been real potatoes, diced, sliced, scalloped anything but french fries! 
Chacuterie unimpressive. Greasy(again). Only the toast points were acceptable here. Daniel Bolud's chacuterie far, far superior in taste and quality(DB Modern Bistro in Vancouver). Here it failed the celeb chef's reputation.
Now the stars. 
Anchovy over red pepper and crunchy bread. Smooth, refreshing.
Chicken croquettes. Could have doubled that order. Deliciously conversation stopping. 
Striped Bass. Crispy skin, firm flesh. tasteee. Much mumbling of praise.
Sauted Baby Spinach. Hey ya got to have yer greens and these were done just the right side of raw.
Lamp chop. Not gamey. Rich. Tender
Sangria served in a double walled tumbler to keep melting ice cubes from diluting the mix of red wine and fruits. Nice touch.
3.5 stars for 1st  visit.  Worth a repeat visit? Yep.
The best tapas I've ever eaten, and I've been to Spain!

-Brava potatoes: In interesting take using fingerlings, delicious.
-Creamy Risotto: The most flavorful, rich risotto ever, a star on the menu!
-Pan Manchego: Toasty bread with melty manchego, so so.
-Marinated olives: A tasty steal at $3.
-Chicken croquetas: Eh, so-so, wouldn't get again.
-Tuna & Molecular Raspberry: The bomb! The raspberry melted into the tuna and exploded into lusciousness
Not absolutely horrible, but not great either.  The tapas are lackluster and left a lot to be desired.  The Gambas was simply poached shrimp in a nearly flavorless butter sauce, the Pan Manchego was a disappointment, as was the Mix Paella - way too much saffron which made the dish seem metallic.  

We also had the wrinkled potatoes which were simply just a bowl of small baked potatoes with a dipping sauce - the sauce was good! 

We left "underwhelmed" and uninspired.   There are too many good spots in Vegas, won't waste my time going here again...
Very mediocre.  I have had tapas at many places before....local neighborhood joints and very high-end authetic tapas restaurants.  This was expensive and just not that good.  With each dish that came out, I was hoping wouldbe better, but that was not the case.

Attentive service, but no sense of timing at all.

The dining room is very nice, but as is typical in Las Vegas, it is filled with too many loud people in sweat pants.  

And, what's with the flat screen TVs.  A beautiful art glass wall, punctuated with a TV.  More Vegas, I guess.  Unfortunate. 

Not worth the $200 per couple.
Just left Julian Serrano.....did not like it.....Had fried calamari, potatoes, steak, scallop, croquet, shrimp, risotto, mushroom soup.  The steak was the best thing there....portions and flavor were lacking on everything else...the risotto wasn't cooked properly...service was good to a fault...they kept trying to clear the table....and the place was 75% empty,so it's not like they needed to turn the table.
Server was very nice.  Restaurant is nice....
They go by JS.... but as my son put it, instead of Julian Serrano, they should call it Just So-so,,,,,,really did not taste like a $100 meal....
The food here is killer.  Its get super packed:: so make reservations.  Its a tapas type menu, which means try one of each.  My favorite was the brava potatoes.  Very interesting dishes....
I'm not a tapas fanatic (didn't care for them much in Spain either) but I found this to be the best tapas I've had to date. Trendy business clientele matches bar or table seating, excellent quick service, and no wait to be seated (Tues evening). The restaurant, though, was packed.

The place is expensive IMO for tapas (~8-14$ per plate) but for Vegas, not unreasonable.

We ordered for 2 people:
Pork chop: excellent, would order again
Grilled eggplant with onion and red pepper: savory and goes well with baguette; we ordered extra bread bc the one slice wasn't enough
Grilled peppers: simply seasoned w/ salt and olive oil; light
Mixed seafood ceviche: refreshing, goes well with the red onion slices, corn, and fruit
Tuna tartar: Asian inspired; pass
Wild mushroom soup with foie gras cream: as expected; pass 

Beautiful presentation, and decently filling (but not heavy) food. Overall quality was good, simple, but not memorable. 

The last star in my review is expressly for our waiter-- he was EXCELLENT. Never had to look for him, he was always 2 steps ahead of us, quick, efficient, & pleasant to talk to.
I actually give this place a 3 1/2. I like the set up of the restaurant, very inviting and right at the main lobby of Aria.  Service was just okay for us. We ordered a pitcher of the white sangria, which was refreshing, but after a couple of sips I wished we would've ordered the red instead. Our table split a number of tapas dishes and a mixed paella as well.  The paella was pretty good and a great portion. I really have no complaints. I did think they were okay priced for Vegas, but the portions weren't that great - which isn't really surprising I guess. Scallops were good, potatoes were okay and the lobster pineapple skewers were a bit disappointing to me.  The desserts were good though! That's what I remember from this visit, so I guess it wasn't too memorable either.
I'm not a big tapas fan. I just don't understand how you expect hungry people to "share" mere peasant morsels of food. But my friends dig it, so my boyfriend and I went to the Aria and ate here. Yum Yum Yum. The mixed seafood ceviche was great, and the calamari was tasty and fresh (not overfried like most places.) I highly recommend the beef and cheese, it was my favorite, as well as the tuna-raspberry!!! The sangria was only OK...too much ice. The service was great though they constantly were confusing our plates. I wouldn't go there starving as I see no point in sharing a dish that really only feeds one, maybe two. The ambiance is modern, chic, and open. We had a lot of fun.

A hundred times better than Firefly and a thousand times better in value than Cana Latina in Town Square. I still can't over THAT rip off.
It was a Saturday night, my LV partner-in-crime and I were in the Aria Hotel, and decided to dine at Julian Serrano after reviewing the menu. Truth be told, since this resto name somewhat resembles mine (as people have mispronounced and called me by this name along with others- ask me about if you're interested), dining here was really a no-brainer. hah! With no reservations, we chanced it and apparently lady luck was on our side, as there was no wait. 

The warm colors of the restaurant looked so inviting. Here's a pic of the bar area, taken with my iPhone http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=0OlrsQnQXZSPeD5NFJMvmA
From our table, here's a shot of the entire restaurant http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=GblIBlQF3t_da6M1L-zYbw

Everything on the menu looked so delicious, so we ordered (and pics credit go to my girl, Li):
- Beet Salad: Roasted and oh so beetalicious! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=758bzflJcsXww0Lrl4dYeA

- Beef with Brie: Tender pieces, with brie, (one of my fav cheeses). Oh Mylanta, such a digalicious combo, and with walnuts on top, and the savory sauce was divine! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=ILrElkjFRWwhzXsjWWQ8xA

- Striped bass: Fresh fish, cooked to perfection. Delish! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=z4xiwtEsBVbf-jFhDgX7AA

- Creamy Risotto with Mushrooms and Manchego: Mouth watering deliciousness, and so rich, creamy, and cheesey goodness!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=bJAq88XYZOcUhvlGSTUkuA

- Pan Manchego: Spanish Toast with roasted tomato and garlic paste with melted Manchego cheese. All I have to say is mas pan, mas pan! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=HLxPDvdXAqwLErnnHtCVdw

-Chocolate Cake: Chocolate molten cake, which rivals my favorite chocolate souffle at Roy's Hawaiian restaurant. Combined with mango sorbet, and I was in dessert heaven with these two loves of mine.
 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=Igp440NlqPIVtgwWajkFfw

While we feasted so well, our beverages were refreshing white sangria (para mi) and red sangria (para mi amiga), and later had very 'brave' coffee. We needed the caffeine jolt, as it was only the beginning of a very fun and memorable night out.

Que bueno, Julian Serrano! Beautiful interior, efficient service, reasonable prices, and wonderful food. This is a great restaurant for a date, a small or big group of friends, and perfect for getting the night started off right in Sin City! Viva Las Vegas!!
When the Aria opened my friends and I were given $200 for four people to spend on food.  Now I love tapas and I'm well aware of their portions and prices, but I found this place pretty ridiculous.  Everything was super small and overpriced.  We passed on the wine because we wanted to try more of the food, but really it was just disappointing.   

Here are some of the dishes that we ordered:
Lobster Pineapple Skewers 
Muscles
Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquettes 
Seared Scallop 
Creamy Risotto
Marinated Garlic Chicken and Mushroom Skewers 

Of these dishes that only ones that stood out were the scallops and the muscles but both were tiny and not mind blowing.

Also for a restaurant in Vegas you would think that the service would be great but instead they messed up two of our orders.  Also for a half full restaurant they kept overlooking our table and it took us 20 minutes just to get the check.  

Fortunately we had the vouchers to spend and perhaps our experience was because they had just opened when we went, but I'm sure I won't be going back.
Love tapas... almost everything we ordered was good, but boy are the portion sizes teeny tiny!  We ordered over 20 items for four of us.  Each tapa is really made for just two people, so with four of us, we had to cut it into fours.  The prices are prettty steep for the amount of food you get.  Service was excellent though!  Definitely a must try, but if you have a big appetite and are a big eater, you'll need to spend a hefty penny to get full!
The food here is a little pricy but not steep enough that you should shy away from some amazing flavors. We stopped by this place while we were checking out the new city center and walked out very happy with the $160 something we spent for two people for 4 to 5 tapas like entrees, one main dish that we shared and two drinks.  You can easily get away with spending less if you just split an order of paella for two but the wife and I wanted to get a good sampling.  The seafood soup deconstruction and creamy risotto is a must.  So is the ahi tempura.  The ham that they dubbed the best ham in the world at $28 an order is easily bested by costco prusciutto, avoid avoid avoid.  The red sangria deeeelicious and strong.  The white sangria not so much.
At lot of attitude and bad food? No thanks.

There's a vicious cycle when it comes to making assumptions about your patrons. You think, 'they look young and they ordered tap water. I bet they aren't going to spend much money here. I am going to ignore them." Well you know what happens when you never see your waiter again and have to order through managers all night? You get a bad tip.

We ordered some sangria, the red, which was alright but not great. Then we ordered a few plates of tapas, to get us started. We had the risotto which was just terrible and a few other things as well. The only good thing was the ceviche, but I've certainly had better. It was a tiny bit of food for a lot of money and a lot more attitude.

There are much better options out there. I will not be back.
I love to eat at new places and this was a perfect place for dinner prior to our VIVA Elvis show. Tappas are always really fun because you get a little bit of everything. 

You must order the paella, it was delicious with just the right amount of saffron. The bacon stuffed dates was sweet and salty, the right combination. We had a seared scallop dish that was good as well. Sangria was light and airy. The only negative thing was the LOBSTER with a molecular pineapple, disgusting a waste of $14 dollars. 

If you are in town, it's not a must to go there, but if you are at Aria and just want to try it...you should for the experience.
After reading some good reviews a group of us tried Julian Serrano's new tapas restaurant in Aria. The restaurant is called Julian Serrano, and the prices certainly reflect the chef's arrogance as much as the name. Everything was great, but if I had to come up with a sixth taste (besides sweet, sour, bitter, salty, and umami) it would be 'value,' because the value of a dish, or lack thereof, seems to make things taste different to me. When you order here you are hoping for dishes that are so unique and wonderful that the prices are justified, yet when the food comes out of the kitchen it becomes evident your expectations were too high and disappointment is inevitable. Take for example the imported Spanish 'pata negra' ham, described on the menu as 'the most delicious ham in the world' for $35. Obviously this is a ridiculously bold and definitive statement for anyone to make about a single meat, however, hopeful me fell for the marketing and ordered it anyways. While the ham was certainly lovely, and I can't say I specifically remember ever eating another that I found better, it was still a meager portion of ham for $35 and I've had comparable before (the curing of meats throughout Europe is an art form, and I've been lucky enough to experience this first hand).

The combination of small portions and hefty prices is bound to result in continued disappointment as you make your way through the menu. The scallop was done about as well as any other, but $12 for one of them is just too much to ask. The mushroom risotto ($10) was creamy but slightly underdone and the salmon with truffle ($12) was just so so. Definitely pass on the avocado canneloni ($10) which I found to be texturally amiss and void of any redeeming flavor. The almond stuffed dates ($8) were alright, but not only are the dates at Firefly a better value, they taste better as well. These dates had a panko bread coating that was unnecessary and bulky, which took focus away from the dates themselves, and the accompanying spicy sauce didn't pair well with them at all. The cheese plate ($14) included cana de cabra (soft goat milk cheese), aged manchego, and soft sheep milk extremedura, and was served with a fruit compote and soft toasty bread. Each cheese was complex, and it's hard not to love cheese, but I don't know if anyone other than the producers can really take credit for making a fine cheese plate. The piquillo peppers were delightful, with an oozy cheese center that was far more sophisitcated than that of Firefly, but was not worth the $10.

The good news is that I found the least expensive dishes to be some of the best anyway. The open-faced Pan Manchego ($8) was a revelation in grilled cheese, and the beet salad ($10) was not only an architectural gem but a well-balanced and colorful creation. The steamed mussels ($9) were plump and the broth was something special, though it was frustrating to capture in the shell spoons because of the pot used to serve them. In addition to tasting better than most of the other dishes, this was also the best value on the menu. If you order these items I think you'll be happier with your experience and your bill.

Tip: I noticed from the menu pictures taken by another blogger that prices were $3-5 less in December of last year. If you do want to go here I would suggest you hurry, before they become even more absurd.
My husband and I loved this restaurant so much that we had a late lunch here two days in a row.  Luckily we had the same waiter who was awesome and very low key in a good way.

The first afternoon we decided to order three tapas each.

stuffed dates: fried and stuffed with bacon and almond.  The pepper sauce was smokey with a small kick.  These little nuggets were polished off in probably 30 seconds, they were just that good!

calamari a la plancha: baby squid.  Extremely tender with a great lemon bite.  Probably the best calamari I have ever had.  Not one single piece was chewy.

ahi tuna tempura: Two pieces of ahi tempura battered and fried. The ahi was still rare which was nice. Probably my least favorite dish if only because I have had different versions of this dish at Japanese restaurants.  However, I really dug the wasabi foam.

molecular tuna raspberry skewer:  We had to order one of the "molecular" tapas just because off all the talk on yelp.  I kind of liked it but then again it was  nothing too special.  Sort of weird to eat a somewhat fishy/fruity jello.  Still not that bad.

huevos estrellados:  This dish was crazy insane good.  Perfectly cooked eggs on top of amazingly tasty potatoes and bite size pieces of chorizo.  The best cooked eggs that I have ever had besides my Noni's.  The flavor in this dish is beyond good.  Perfect seasoning. Not runny or oily, just amazing.
 
golden and red beet salad: Great beet salad.  Nothing overpowering about this dish which made it a perfect.  Love the citrus squares.

Lastly we had to order dessert.  We settled on a arroz con leche and it was one of the tastiest versions of rice pudding that I have had.  Great citrus flavor.  Loved it.

The next day we basically decided on ordering a paella and two tapas.

Stuffed dates: Had them the day before and still amazing on the second day.

Sauteed Padron peppers: A nice big plate of salty, crucnchy, and downright yummy peppers.  Loved these and they , along with the dates, are on the to order again list.

For Paella we decided on the Valenciana which had rabbit, chicken, and veggies.  So glad that we came back a second day for the paella.  The rabbit was tender as well as the chicken and there was a perfect balance of saltiness. The rice around the edge of the pan was crunchy and very tasty.

No dessert on this visit as we forced ourselves to finish the whole paella which was definitely pushing it.  We were stuffed.

We had a great experience at the restaurant.  Food was fantastic and so was our waiter.  We will definitely be back on our next trip.
Tapas bar located in the fairly new Aria casino. Some of the seating is open where you can overlook the surroundings and casino. Despite the posh feel of this place, our group of 10 people were casually dressed which didn't seem to be an issue with the service or waiter because we were treated very nice. Sangria was great and 2 pitchers seemed to cover our table nicely. Just an FYI, the pitchers are around $20+. I don't necessarily like tapas because I have always gone with a small group and trying everything just doesn't work and tapas is all about trying everything. Since we were a group of 10 we had a wide range to choose from and it was a much better time and food came out promptly. We had the scallops, stuff dates, mussels, lobster with molecular pineapple skewers, risotto with manchego, spanish croquettas, spanish toast, Ahi tuna tempura, spanish tortilla, avocado canelonne, and probably a few other that I'm missing. I would have checked in here but for some weird reason on iphone app it says 10 miles away and not close enough to check in, oh well. All in all it was very tasty and it can get pricey if you start going nuts with plates but my advice would be to not go when completely starving and go with a big enough group to really enjoy this experience. Again price is high but reasonable for Vegas pricing in a fine dining establishment.
Walked thru Aria hotel and stopped into Julian Serrano. Not impressed by the 15.00+ tapas items, that only sized 2 persons per item.  Our group actually chuckled a few times when the petite portions arrived a few times.  Now I've been to tapas but I guess because this is in Vegas you have to charge and arm and a leg with location.  One of my favorite red wines was only located on the - half bottle section only?? When they did bring me wine, they poured the remains from a bottle of another table, then came back 5 min later to finish the glass.  They also poured my glass before two of the females at our table had been served!  As I drank the last of my wine, I had noticed all the particles at the bottom of the glass.........  Check please! -  I won't go back.
I think I like this place slightly more than most Yelpers. Everything was extremely good, inventive, and just freaking cool--- it's Tapa's heaven for me. A little loud at times because it's really a party place and, people are drinking and eating the small plates- but I love that vibe, it's a fun place to be! Great meet up spot for a group of friends that are doing therir own thing in Vegas, but still want to get together.

The food is fantastic, but take the menu "in". Some of the plates are fun flights of fancy, others are designed to deliver flavor, punch, in a simplistic way. Balance what you order-- the simple stuff on the menu shines, and the playful stuff is there for contrast, mix it up.

Very good service.

Recomended.
My friend made a reservation here but I was a little hesitant after reading the luke warm reviews.  We had  a great experience.  The best part was our server, Pedro.  He really made our night.  We had a very large group but he didn't treat us as such.  Normally, large tables = auto grat=terrible service.  Not the case with Pedro.  He was spot on.  

As for the food, we had  a lot of hits and a few misses.

The hits:
croquetas
ceviche
tortilla
risotto
scallops
mix paella

The misses:
pata negra ($35 = crazy talk)
shrimp (with garlic)
stuffed peppers
tuna tiradito
paella marinera

I have to note, the misses weren't terrible, they were just bland and I wouldn't waste my time ordering again.  If there weren't as many misses, I would have given it five stars.
We were on our way out of town.  Sunday.  Knowing what congestion lay ahead of us.  One last nice meal, perhaps a game of blackjack, then to that mid-desert gridlock phenomenon.  

We entered Aria, scoping out the new digs for the first time.  Somewhat strange and drab in there.  Lots of earthtones, amber, copper hues.  Many of the restaurants inside were not open for lunch.  Serrano was near the lobby whereat we found a list of food options, and tapas are tasty, so in we went.

It wasn't busy.  The seating area was cool.  I sat facing a bunch of glass vessels stacked into a wall.  It's very open to the casino floor, which I suppose is good.  

I'm no tapas expert: I've only eaten at a couple legit providers.  But JS just didn't wow me.  Others have mentioned the miniscule nature of the dishes.  I guess the two of us weren't that hungry, because we became overwhelmed by the 6 small plates we ordered.

I liked the mushroomy soup.  It had a richness and earthiness to it, well seasoned.  The manchego toast was sort of a bummer.  It was soft, cold, and a little mushy.  Suz puts manchego on toast and gets it nice and crispy, and forget that tomato sauce, just those two things together are beauty.

The chicken croquetas were creamy with a nice golden crust.  Rich.  Risotto--yes to its flavor, and though the "al dente" factor is far preferable to glue, a few grains of rice were undercooked to the point of grittiness, which wasn't delightful.  

The huevos estrellados were something.  Nicely done french fries coated in an easy-cooked egg with chorizo.  I would order those again.  The Branzino/sea bass.  I had a hard time with the skin...not sure if that was their fault or mine. Probably mine.  In general, pretty good, but it didn't make me want to fight Suz for it--I left most of it to her.

Service was mostly good.  The server forgot what we ordered and had to come back for a double-check, otherwise attentive (as she should have been, with sparsely filled dining room).

I might be willing to give it another go, but with so many other choices in Vegas yet to sample, who knows if it'll still be there when I get around to it!
This place is a surprisingly good vegan eating option on the Strip.  Most of the vegetarian tapas are vegan (since they use olive oil and not butter in their preparations) or can be made vegan with the omission of a sauce.  They even prepared a vegan paella for us! We tried pretty much every vegan-friendly dish on the menu, and I was very pleased for the most part. The only disappointment was the cold eggplant salad.  Bad texture and very bland.  Beet salad, patata brava, padron peppers, gazpacho, etc. were all very good.  They have vegan mango and maybe pineapple(?) sorbet there as the only vegan desserts... but they are fantastic.  Good Spanish wine and sherry (if you're a sherry fan), fancy cocktails (nothing special, especially for the price).
One of the servers there, Stephanie, is vegan... so request her if you want to ensure that you get all the vegan options!
Fun place with great food and delicious red wine sangria! Wish I would've tried more dishes. The ceviche looked delicious!
Mother's Day 2010 and I decided to take my wife to Julian Serrano. It was a bit of a hike from the self-parking garage but we eventually found it. It's an odd space near the check-in desk, close to the doors leading to Crystals and is completely dwarfed by the imposing entrance to Sage. Plus, it's open to the check-in desk and casino so it looks like more of a casual eatery than a fine dining establishment. It wasn't more than 75% full and we were seated right away at a table for two.

//FOOD (from best to worst)//
- Creamy risotto ($10.00): Cooked to a perfect al dente texture, wasn't mushy at all, wonderful flavors. I was craving more before we were even finished with the plate. Possibly the best risotto we've ever had.

- Gambas ($12.00): It looked like a very simple dish. 4 shrimps in a broth that resembled clarified butter with garlic chips and peppers. It may not have been complex, but it was executed perfectly.

- Piquillo peppers ($10.00): One pepper cut in half and stuffed with cheese and surrounded by a tomato based sauce. Loved it!

- Tuna tiradito ($12.00): The tuna looked fabulous and tasted even better. It was accompanied by a terrific seaweed salad.

- Steamed mussels ($9.00): Approximately a dozen large mussels in a medium sized black pot. Yes, the pot was deep so we had to really get in there to get some of that broth.  Delicious.

- Beef with Brie ($17.00): Not the best cut of beef I've had but the flavors with the sauce, brie and toast were pretty good. If they timed the dishes better I would probably give this dish higher marks. But they brought out the tuna and risotto at the same time and by the time we tried the beef it was luke warm and the toast  wasn't crispy.

- Lobster & pineapple ($14.00): Others rave about this dish, but I was underwhelmed. Too much pineapple, not enough lobster. It was too sweet and I could barely distinguish any other flavors other than the pineapple. More style than substance, in my opinion. 

One thing that really bothered me was the seating. Her seat was on a bench. Mine was a poorly designed modern chair that was about 4 inches lower than the bench and the back support only went half way up my back making it tough to get comfortable. It's just a weird choice of seating in combination with everything else.

The service was good but not spectacular. Our server seemed to have way too many tables so we didn't see him too often.

Everything was well executed and so meticulously and artfully prepared. In comparison to other tapas places around town (namely Firefly) JS beats Firefly on taste and creativity but the portions at Firefly are bigger. And, of course the prices are much higher at JS since it's on the strip and a celeb chef restaurant. But, the prices aren't outrageous by Vegas standards. In total we got 7 dishes, a cocktail, a glass of wine, and a half bottle of wine for just under $200 (including tip). That's actually below what we normally spend at fine dining spots on the strip and we definitely left full and happy. If $100 per person for dinner is too much for you and if you're expecting the same amount of food you would get at a national chain restaurant (Cheesecake Factory, Red Lobster) don't come here. But, if you want quality tapas with wonderful flavors, then I recommend you give this place a try.

4.5 stars
Stopped by for a mid afternoon vacation cocktail and ended up ordering some tapas. Restaurant has a open feel and looks into the casino lobby (& not the gaming floor) which happens to be an attractive space. 

Cocktails were flavorful & were exciting enough to qualify for a early happy hour. 
We ended up ordering the chicken croquettes & bacon wrapped dates. The chicken croquettes were crunchy on the outside & filled with bechamel creaminess on the inside. The dates were sweet, salty,spicy & of very high quality. One of the bartenders recommended that we try the stuffed piquillo peppers. We were glad we did. Nice pepperiness complimented by the creamy slightly sour taste of goat cheese. 

I would love to come back here next time I am in Vegas to experience more of this menu. I had not considered this restaurant due to the stuffy, dated look & feel of Picasso (Serrano's other restaurant) I am glad I ended up stopping by for a drink as this restaurant is fresh & definitely adding to the foodieness of the Vegas dining scene.
Located just inside the lobby at Aria, I was intrigued by this restaurant from the moment I checked in. Although things did not work out for me to have dinner there, I did manage to stop in for an afternoon snack, which turned out to be the perfect way to try this place. I had an order of Stuffed Dates and a Cheese Plate along with a glass of Port. Although these were very simple items they were excellent and definitely good enough for a return trip for dinner on my next Vegas excursion. Service was outstanding and they are wheelchair accessible, but the Bar was not. This is a negative because it is a Tapas Bar and part of the experience is being able to sit at the bar and try a variety of items.
Stopped in for a few tapas before hitting the town, and it was good.  The shrimp gambas are good, and the pinapple pops are refreshing.  Bacon wrapped dates were great.
Beautiful and modern decor. I love the dark wood everywhere that fits well with the entire Aria look and feel. The food and presentation was great. I love tapas because you get a small portion and many plates. 

The most memorable dishes was the flat iron steak, chicken and mushrooms and the churro with spicy chocolate. YUM!

Our waiter was extremely accommodating and comped our dessert. The manager even offered to have my girls and I to come back and have a round of drinks comped. Sold! =D
OMG!  By far, the best lunch on the strip.

I had the white fish ceviche.  WOW!  

And the sandwhiches which are Spanish themed, are great.

Think, i had a burger at the ESPN Zone and it was $14.  I go to Julians, and it's less.  And SO MUCH MORE CLASS!

The Gazpacho is excellent.  Comes with every lunch.

ENJOY!
While staying at Aria with a group of girls we decided to have dinner and drinks at Serrano. We had a rather large group of 15 girls but the service was still very quick. The food however was absolutely horrible. The waiter brought the chicken and mushroom skewers I had ordered, but unfortunately they weren't edible. I cut into one piece of chicken and saw that it wasn't even cooked through but was still raw meat. I showed the waiter who quickly removed my plate and looked rather embarrassed. I asked him to just throw it out and did not want to try anything else. My friends had ordered various other appetizers and entrees but no one was satisfied with the food that was served. Apparently the potatoes were pretty good though.
I returned to the table after visiting the restroom and attempted to sit back down. Just as I almost sat down one of the legs fell off the chair. I weigh 115lbs and I'm confidant this amount of weight should not be enough to break a dining chair. The waiters ran over and pulled the chair into the back room before I could get any words out. Our waiter came over and told me the floor tile is slippery and sometimes the chairs slide out especially if the legs are loose. I tried to ask him about it further but he walked away and sent his manager to our table.
The manager advised me that they've been having issues with many of their dining chairs and already filed a complaint with the supplier. Yet they still continue to use these chairs!!! I asked what would happen if an elderly person had sat in this chair instead of me? What if they fell and were seriously hurt? The manager kept saying sorry but didn't really seem to care about resolving this for future guests.
I laughed about it later with my group. The dining experience here was a joke. The restaurant looked very pretty from the entrance but looks were deceiving. If you want decent food and furniture that can support anything beyond 115 lbs I would recommend going elsewhere. Aria is a beautiful hotel and there are many other dining options to choose from.
This was my first time visiting the lovely Aria and eating here.  Decor is definitely nice and modern.  The restaurant itself was packed, mainly due a convention that was being held at the same time.  It's also very loud, so it can be difficult to converse.  Service was excellent (possibly because we ordered a LOT of food as well as a bottle of wine and alcohol).  We ordered over 20 items, including almost every dessert on the menu, some more than once to feed our large group.  I have no idea what the bill cost, but I'm sure it would have been over $50 pp.  

The food itself was nothing special - I've had much better tapas here in LA at various places.  I'll only gloss over the highlights.  I read that the chicken croquettes were to die for, but I found them to be simply good but something that wouldn't generally stand out.  The stuffed dates wrapped in bacon were excellent (though I must point out that it's difficult to get this dish wrong), the creamy risotto was super delicious, the scallops were good, the pan manchego was tasty, the peppers were a favorite of others, and out of all the desserts, the Spanish creme brulee was the best (unfortunately I have no picture of it, but it was larger than most creme brulees).  Again, most of the other dishes were average and nothing to write home about.  Oh, and the Sangria is delicious and sweet - they add some liquor to it (rum I think but I'm not sure) so it doesn't have a strong wine taste to it.

There's definitely better restaurants on the strip, though this was my first experience in Vegas eating tapas.  I'd say the tapas run on the more expensive side (most are $8 - $16, some up to $30), and we had to order a lot to get full.
Oh. My. Gods. 

What a delicious meal. A group of 3 of us shared a white sangria, mixed ceviche, fried calamari, and mixed paella. Everything was amazing. 

The sangria was so light and fruity. An excellent compliment to the meal. 

The ceviche looks small, but it sure packs a punch of flavor. I believe it included octopus, shrimp, and white fish...I can't be sure. Either way, it was amazing. The textures were great, and the combination of citrus with a touch of red pepper felt like fireworks on my palette. So good. 

When the waiter suggested calamari, I wasn't expecting anything too exciting, since you can get it just about anywhere. What a pleasant surprise this was. It was so very lightly breaded, so you could really taste the meat. Also, squirting lemon and then a hint of the aioli dipping sauce really created amazing flavors. It was a really delightful treat. 

Finally, the pice de rsistance, the mixed paella. It includes lobster (both claws and the tail), chicken, chorizo, vegetables, and saffron rice. Wow. It was hard not to stuff ourselves silly with this. Everything about it was amazing. It was pricey, but I would order it again in a heartbeat...I would actually say that about the other items as well. It will be hard to return and try new things, when I know how fantastic the other items are. 

So, with such great food, why 4 stars? I took off a star for the service. Or server wasn't that great...he kept approaching at inappropriate times, and then when we were clearly ready to make our order, he was nowhere to be found. He did suggest the calamari though. Also, when we ordered the paella, he asked if the 3 of us would be eating it...and I believe he thought we wanted a larger order of it...not sure, it was a bit of a miscommunication that led to the paella costing $20 more than the listed price. It wasn't a huge problem, however, I wish it would have been made clear when we ordered it that we were getting a larger order that would be more pricey. 

All-in-all it was a delicious experience and I will definitely return.
I was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant, the service and the food.  The waiter was errogant and not very attentive, the tapas came out randomly as if they had mixed up our order or had forgotten a plate, and the paella was extremely salty and not very flavorfull (though one would think it would be with all that salt).  The best part of the meal was the wine we chose, though incredibly expensive even for a Las Vegas hot spot!
Just came back from the new Aria - the definite high-point was discovering this amazing restaurant and we went back two nights in a row.  We sat at the bar where I peppered the bartender with menu questions which he was happy to answer - and we didn't have to wait for a table.  Their small plates concept plus reasonable prices (way less than the other famous-chef restaurants at the Aria) was one reason, but the amazing flavors was the other.   My friend had the Meditteranean soup both nights because she loved it so much. First night I had the black rissotto with Seafood and a dish of Red Piquillo Peppers Stuffed with Goat Cheese mixed with Mushrooms.  White sangria was great and only $8.  Next night I had the Red Sangria ($9.) and two starters that killed: Skewered "Molecular" Raspberry (a jelled delight) atop a square of Sesame Seared Ahi Tuna with Wasabi Salt, and my absolute favorite - Fresh Anchovies atop two warm olive-oiled Italian toasts with a little thin-sliced Piquillo Peppers.   We followed with a shared Lamb Chops dish - this included Thick Sliced Potatoes topped with Onions that had been cooked Confit-Style in oil and each mouthful was gorgeous.  The Chops - two to an order $28, which we split, sat on three great sauces - one seemed like a Bechamel, the other a Demi-Glace, and a very green olive oil garnished them.  We didn't have room for dessert, but the dessert menu looked wonderful too.  I wished this restaurant was in L.A. so I could go every week!
Yum yum yum!
If I had a money tree, this place would be one of my fancy-pants favorites.

We ate here back in December, right after it opened, so please forgive the tardiness - I hope nothing has changed.  

Utterly fabulous food.  Highlights were the flat iron steak, pintxo de chorizos, stuffed dates, gambas, pan manchego, and the valenciana paella - our waiter's recommendation, and he was right on.  We also had the padron peppers, which I could have done without, but my mom loved them, and the chicken skewer and flat calamari, which were favorites of my dad.  Desserts were awesome too, and together with a bottle of wine and some other drinks, we clocked in just under $300 (plus tip) for a party of three.  

I love this place.  If I'm on a budget (which I usually am), I'll stick with Firefly for tapas, but if we're celebrating - or someone else is footing the bill - then we're definitely coming back to Julian Serrano.

One silly note - there are apparently multiple valet drop-off points at Aria, and we chose the wrong one in proximity to the restaurant.  Try to make your way to main valet at the front entrance, near registration, and you'll be in and out in a jiffy - assuming you're like me and not lucky enough to be staying at the Aria.
We ate here right after putting out bags down in our hotel room and we were quite hungry from traveling.  The decor is extremely cool with bright surfaces and bright colors.  

The service was  just what we were looking for as the staff were attentive but not overbearing.  My husband and I had a glass of red and white sangria respectively and these were perhaps the high point of the visit.
I went to JS at City Center with great expectations. But alas, the food did not match the lovely hip decor, great colors, and even JS on the plates. When I order serrano ham, I expect it to be paper thin-like see through-delicate and light like lace, cut from a beautiful ham mounted in a prominent plac, like  at a great tapas bar in Spain. It was thick and cluncky, too bad. The Gambas description was wonderful, but far too few herbs and garlic to be a credible dish. The white anchovies were good, but served on enormous boat-like toast pieces- two small anchovy filets total--come on. The waitress recommended an avocado-wrapped cigar like roll with smoked salmon and other things inside--interesting only. That's enough. This restaurant should be kickin, should be packed and lively with people. Doubt I'll return anytime soon.
I love tapas, and I love great service, but this place feel slightly short for me.  I like this place, but I don't love it, and I really wanted to be wow'd by the food here.  They're in Aria, so I expected fabulous flavors and textures, but this place didn't deliver on either except for dessert [I'll get to that in a second].

I made reservations online for 4pm before a happy hour and Viva Elvis event that we had to get to.  We walked in and immediately loved the open feel of the restaurant; however, the decor looked almost tacky with those black, glossy leafless trees around part of the dining area.  Other than that, the layout was pretty nice and we were seated away from the crowd as i requested.

We started off with tapas and stuck with it rather than ordering a sandwich or paella.  From beef and cheese to an avocado cannoli, the tapas aren't even worth getting into very much.  I wanted that incredible flavor profile and excellent textures on the plates; however, the beef tapas, for example, was all soft with no counterpart, and the avocado cannoli was all creamy.  In terms of flavor, everything was seasoned as a restaurant of that caliber should do, but in terms of exciting my palette and making me say "mmm", it didn't even come close to a small smolder.

For us, the only great part of the evening involved their Santiago cake dessert served with turron ice cream was outstanding.  Talk about textures and flavors!  The cake was thick, moist, and had just the right sweetness to it.  The ice cream was incredible.  i wanted a huge gallon of that to take home with a side of almond cake [as in one whole cake, please!]  I loved every bite and would've bought another order of it had it not been for my distended tummy.

Overall, a nice experience and one I will go back to, but not for the food.  I'm going back for the dessert.
Julian Serrano is as good as it ever should get...and then some.

It's in Aria - which I will review under separate cover.  Wow...is all I have to say.

Atmosphere - It's very open and attractive.  The only drawback are these weird black trees without leaves.  Maybe I'm missing the artistic creation of them, but I felt like they were out of place.  There were mounds of fresh veggies on the backsplash - which was really refreshing to see.  Some time was really spent on the floors here.  Tiny tiles in a variety of colors...yellows, oranges, pinks, purples, pearly white.  And it had a pattern to it that was really intricate.  Bonus points for design.  

I am a big fan of smaller tables and more intimate seating when going on a date.  Here, the tables are a bit larger, but they have to be because it is tapas style and you have tons of plates coming out, and then wine glasses...you get the drift.  

Purple napkins.  Stellar.  

Our sommelier came over and we mistakenly thought him as the waiter.  Oops.  He wasn't phased though so based off what we ordered he suggested a wine.  A half bottle in case we didn't like it.  What we didn't know, and d-bag sommelier didn't tell us, is the wine was 990 for a half bottle!!  I'm sorry, but if you expect your patrons to have 990 for a half bottle of wine without running it by them, I find it offensive.  Whether or not we could afford it, is really none of his biz, he should have been more polite to just give us the low down on that.  Fortunately for him the half bottle was amazing (it should be for almost a grand!).  Point of the story, for all those who cannot afford a grand on wine - BE SURE TO CHECK PRICE POINT when sommelier suggests a wine.  A professional one should let you know (discretely if you don't want to offend your date) and I just found that a little obnoxious.  I didn't know until the bill came, and neither did my beau...which was a bit shocking.

Anyway...have the bacon wrapped dates.  Salty, sweet, savory goodness.  Chewy without too much chewy.  I almost died.

I even tried the lobster with pinneapple.  Pretty good, and I'm not a seafood fan AT ALL.  This was something someone would like if they don't really appreciate seafood.

We also had the beet salad with what I though was lychee.  I said "this tastes like Hawaii in my mouth" and the waitress came over and explained it was pineapple gelatin.  Kudos for my palate being expanded.

Stuffed peppers and gosh I don't even know what to tell you because everything was soooo delightful.  It was romantic because we were both feeding each other, and so filling at the same time.  We had about 6 plates and everything was perfectly paced, our wine was superb (we had two half bottles, the second was of something different).  Fortunately the waiter showed my date the price for the second bottle.

The pan manchego...it's like that saying "once you go manchego, you never go back".  Crazy good.

We had churros for dessert that comes with some chocolate sauce for dipping.  The chocolate sauce had a hint of some kind of hot pepper (which was a little bit too much for me) but it was good in small quantity.  This is the best churro I have had in my life.  I was soooo full but kept eating it.  We also ordered the creme brule (because I love creme brule)...I wasn't so much a fan.  It was too eggy and not enough sugary.  The consistency was off for me.  Plus it was HUGE!  I like smaller versions of creme brule since it is sooo heavy.  Still, pretty fantastic.  I just wasn't a fan of the consistency.

It truly was an amazing experience.  Every time we put something in our mouths we just giggled and had our eyes roll back in our head how fantastic it truly was.  It blew my mind.  It blew Joe's mind and his wallet...I don't think he minded too much because it was TRULY that good.

I had to amend and give it four stars because of our sommelier.  If he didn't just ASSUME we (I am putting the Royal we in that sentence) could afford a $1,000 bottle of wine, I would be giving this place more stars.
I've been to Julian Serrano twice.  The first time was after visiting The Bazaar by Jose Andres.  They're both classic spanish tapas, both trendy, both have won James Beard and Chef of the Year awards.  But whereas The Bazaar has a contemporary tapas menu, Julian Serrano does not.  I guess that's the main difference.  At The Bazaar, you are experiencing food mentally and gustatorily, Jose Andres is either giving you classic flavors or not so classic flavors with contemporary techniques (sous vide, foams, etc).  Julian Serrano however, is just straight forward food.  It's like going to the zoo.  At The Bazaar, you're a little kid who is just zigzagging from exhibit to exhibit; at Julian Serrano, you're the parent who's seen it all, but is still enjoying everything you lazily follow walk along.

The food at Julian Serrano is good.  There are the hits like the truffled salmon, pan manchego, and the beef with dates & honey; and there are the misses like the chicken croquettes.  The service isn't great.  The first time I went they broke a wine class and spilled water all over me and all we got was an apology.  What?  No amouse bouche or free dessert?  Discount?  MEH!  The good news: for around $25-30 a person, you can stuff yourself!

Either or 3.5 or 4  I can't decide.
I am a big fan of Tapas. I think the ability to try all those different flavors and cooking techniques is wonderful. I went to this restaurant while waiting for a show. Here is a rundown of the things I tried. Ahi Tuna w/ molecular raspberry, Chicken Skewer, Beef and Cheese, Lamb Chop, Mushroom Soup, Avocado/Tuna Cannoli, Serrano Ham, Brava Potatoes and the Santiago's Cake. Most of it was pretty good with the exception of the texture of the Avocado/ Tuna cannoli and the watery soup. I felt the texture was a little too soft and slippery for me. One thing of note was that Santiago's Cake. I would go back to this restaurant just for this cake. I will go back to this restaurant for this cake. 

The Santiago's cake was a great flashback of something I loved in my childhood but the rest was not as exciting as it looked on the menu. Overall a pleasant experience with nice decor and staff.
The food here is completely amazing. Five stars for that -- some of the best chorizo I've ever had, a really delicious paella, tuna raspberry skewer that was phenomenal, etc. We had four people and split 4 tapas and a dish of paella (built for 2, the cheaper option), and it was all incredible and enough food to fill us but not make us uncomfortable. We got a pitcher of sangria as well, and with tip, we all only paid $45 a person. To me, that's quite a deal in Vegas, where everything is super inflated.

The servers were okay. They screwed up the bill a little at the end, but they fixed it and no harm done. Our server did try to suggest that we weren't getting enough food so we'd buy more, but I guess that's part of his job... he just wasn't that tactful about it.
Okay, all week I've been trying to figure out where I wanted to dine out for my birthday, and finally at 3:30pm I decide...Tapas and Paella sounds good, we've been to Firefly a good amount of times, their tapas are good, but their Paella is served to you in A BOWL and nothing really outstanding about it. I'm also one to really shy away from the "brand-name, Celebrity Chef" establishments, but somehow had a good feeling on this one, so my wife had made reservations for 8 pm at Julian Serrano.

At the entrance we are greeted by the hostesses and as we are led to our table, you can't help but notice the architecture, accents, and color scheme of JS....Lots of modern touches with colors of orange, gold, and purple.
I'm no HGTV/Design Pro, but I kinda liked the set up and found it inviting without being too over the top. As we pass the kitchen, I see
a good friend, Chef Nathan at the pass. I also remembered that my other friends Jin and Wally worked here, but were both off.

Nathan comes out and greets me and my wife, and offers his recommendations on a few of the menu items. We're both hungry, in the mood for some killer tapas and paella, and what better way to kick it off with a few of the Chef's selections? So we sit back, relax and await our food filled journey through Spain.

First up, the Tuna Raspberry Skewer-The meatiness of the ahi tuna, nuttyness of the sesame seeds and pistachios, and the slight fruity tartness of the molecular raspberry blended very well together...off to a great start!

Next, we feasted on the Fresh Calamari a la Plancha with lemon, parsley, and extra virgin olive oil. Easily one of the best calamari dishes I ever tasted. Baby squid cooked to perfection and melt-in-your-mouth delicious!

Chef Nathan sends out  an order of the Pintxo de Morcilla, a Spanish blood sausage, and for all you fellow Filipinos out in Yelpland, this is the Spanish version of Diniguan. The sweetness of the tomato and onion compote on the toasted crouton complemented each and every bite

Ordering a Paella Valenciana ahead of time, we also order some Red Sangria which was pretty powerful and refreshing at the same time. Wanting to try more tapas, we go ahead and order a second wave before our Paella arrives. Apparently our waiter has never met me or know my ability level when I am in attack mode at the dinner table. He not only had a look of disbelief on his face when I mentioned our orders of the Mixed Seafood Ceviche, Crema y Risotto, Lobster and Molecular Pineapple Skewers, Stuffed Dates, and The Traditional Chicken Croquettas. He had to stop bussing our table, put down our dishes back on our table and write it all down. Apparently, I drained all his memory power, but thats what happens when you assume we will have had enough food when our paella arrives:)

Chef Nathan mentioned  that they had hired a cook from Peru who takes care of the ceviche action and Peruvians make some of the tastiest ceviches ever! Just the perfect heat and acidity mixed  into chunks of fish and octopus served with crisp taro chips, very cool and refreshing.

The Lobster and Molecular Pineapple skewers were quite tasty with an asian accent as well, definitely a must try.

The Crema y Risotto was the star of the tapas. The risotto was cooked perfectly al dente, the earthy meatiness of the mushrooms paired well as always with the truffle oil, cream, and cheese, and transformed my wife into a risotto lover.

The Julian Serrano version of Stuffed Dates have a crispy exterior and is paired with a piquillo pepper sauce with a good kick. Addicting.

The Croquettas were simple and straight forward. Creamy bechamel with a hint of nutmeg with chunks of chicken encased in a panko crust-YUM!

Here comes the Paella!  The Valenciana comes loaded with tasty morsels of rabbit, chorizo that is made in house, green beans, peas, peppers and a very fragrant saffron rice. The rabbit was very moist and flavorful and the chorizo had a nice smokiness that we both enjoyed.the saffron rice was bomb too, with that crispy crust you get when your paella is finished in the oven just before serving.

As we're looking over the dessert menu, My wife is eyeing the Churros con Chocolate  and WHADDAYA KNOW? Chef Nathan sends out an order:) Crisp exterior, soft inside, and the chocolate dipping sauce is spiked with chili, leaving you with a good heat which is not too overpowering and left us no choice but to devour the chocolate sauce by the spoonful after our churro supply was gone

Overall, one of my new favorite dining experiences ever. I really don't agree with all these 1 and 2 star reviews that JS has gotten.
Nathan, you and your crew ROCK, and the service was outstanding! Hopefully Jin and Wally will be there when we return!

I know tons of Yelpers rave about Firefly, but if you want the real deal Holyfield, Check out Julian Serrano. You'll be glad you did...ALOHA!!!
Y husband had lunch at JS July 4th weekend.  We knew that prices were high and portions small but didn't expect HOW small.  For $10, only received two quarter sized piquillo peppers.   My husbands calamari  order was minuscule also, despite being told beforehand  by the hostess that the portion served was large.   I complained to the manager and he offered to comp the sangria, which I declined.   We are returning to Vegas twice more this year, but  we will skip JS.   No food, but big bill.
I would come back here in a minute!  It was Friday night.  We were unreserved.  We ordered minimally.  They treated us like royalty.  Score!

We shared the Paella Valencia, and i had a wild mushroom soup topped with a foam of foie gras.  Both were excellent.  At the suggestion of the manager we were brought complimentary glasses of a Basque White Wine.

Our table was adjacent to an elegant couple from Toronto.  Our meal was made more wonderful by their great conversation.  The husband  had worked all over the world for the United Nations.   They'd just spent a week eating at all the best Vegas restaurants, and buying a year's supply of designer clothes.  They over-ordered and shared their flan with us.  Sit me next to folks like that any day of the week.

The few items we had compare very favorably with the Bazaar in LA.
Simply put dinner at Julian Serrano last night was one of the best meals I've ever had. If you're not a big fan of reading reviews here is the Cliff's notes version: Go!

If you want details here they are:

I should preface this review by saying that I studied abroad in Spain for four months. I lived with a Spanish host family and ate homemade Spanish food 2-3 meals a day. I've had it homemade, in restaurants, in at least 10 different Spanish cities and in America. I can be very picky about Spanish food and on the whole find the current tapas craze to be slightly annoying; don't get me started on over-priced, fussy restaurants calling themselves "tapas bars."

The menu at Julian Serrano can be divided into two groups: traditional Spanish food and contemporary Spanish inspired gastronomy in the mold of elBulli or Bazaar - but certainly not in their price range. The traditional dishes are delicious and 100% authentic. Each bite made me made me more nostalgic for Spain. The contemporary dishes are inventive and playful.
 
As a tapas bar you are encouraged to try everything that piques your interest, so I tasted a lot of dishes. I'll list them by rating on the customary yelp 5 star scale. Foreshadowing: most are 5s.


5 stars:
Sangria - Excellent. It's so hard to find well-made sangria outside Spain. You need to use an intense, acidic Spanish wine. Most sangria is doomed from the start because people pick wine that is already sweet and fruity. Serrano got it perfect: earthy, slightly sour, not overly sweet, completely refreshing.
Patatas Bravas
Stuffed Piquillo Peppers
White Ceviche
Tortilla - It is my opinion that a Spanish restaurant's tortilla can tell you everything you need to know about the restaurant. Serrano's tortilla is excellent.
Tuna Tiradito - Ahi with ponzu and seaweed. Far from Spanish but still amazing.
Beef and Cheese
Stuffed Dates
Deconstructed seafood soup - Ask when you go. Your waiter will be happy to explain the dish and its "deconstruction."
Churros con chocolate - I'm certain this dish is incredibly high in fat, sugar, and fat again. I'm also certain that it is totally worth it.

4 stars
Lobster Pineapple Skewers
Pan Manchengo


3 stars
Paella Marinera - Good but not excellent. Considering how delicious the tapas were I wish we had ordered more tapas and gone without paella.
Olives - The only thing left on the table. I was sad because I LOVE olives and Spanish olives are some of the best in the world. These were marinated with some spices I wasn't able to identify. I like them plain.
Almond cake with turron ice cream - Hi, my name is Jay and I'm a recovering turron ice cream ADDICT. When I lived in Spain I would sometimes eat it twice a day. I was excited to get my fix again but found Serrano's version to be lacking in intensity.

The service was excellent. Our waiter was attentive, helpful, and talkative without being intrusive. When we wanted to order more tapas all we had to do was look up and someone was ready to take our order. Not one minute after realizing I had nowhere to put my ahi without getting salsa brava on it, our plates were changed. My only complaint was that the waiter asked if we wanted more sangria/desserts/coffee several times, even after we had ordered them. It was a minor annoyance in an otherwise perfect performance from the wait staff.

The atmosphere is more casual than I expected. The hostess said shorts and a T shirt were fine, but I dressed up slightly anyway. Other diners' attire ranged from jeans to suits. Like most of the dishes the dcor is simple and beautiful. Colored mosaic-style tiles cover the walls. The space is very open; the restaurant is separated from the casino by waist-high glass panels. I was afraid noise from the casino would be a problem but once we were seated I didn't even notice the casino.

My only serious complaints were regarding the wine list. Their prices seemed high, even by fine dining standards. The wine list isn't available online - although the menu is - and when I asked if they could email it to me they said I'd have to email the sommelier and that he doesn't like sending it out.

The prices for food are very reasonable, almost cheap by Vegas standards. Paella, 12 tapas, a pitcher of sangria (about 8 glasses), 2 desserts, tax, and tip was 268. I tipped 20% - the wait staff had certainly earned it. The amount of food was sufficient for 4 guys with large appetites. Most parties of 4 would probably have thought the amount of food we ordered indecent.

If you've read this far you clearly are giving a lot of thought to your Vegas dining options. If so, you're the kind of person who will love this restaurant. Go!
Headed over for some lunch and to read the LA times.  Been wanting to try Julian Serrano since that MEGAopolis City Center opened and today was the day.  First glance at the outdoor menu they offer daily lunch specials ranging from salads to Spanish influenced sandwiches.  Cheaply priced but not what guided me there, I wanted tapas damnit! The dining area is clean & pristine with a bright color scheme.  I sat at the bar and service was attentive.  Tried 3 items : 
*Pan manchego - toasted bread, tomato sauce, aged manchego 
Terrific flavor.  Simple but encompasses the flavors, temperatures & textures I was looking for

*Spanish chicken croquetas ( aka tentadora )
Chicken & bechamel 
I hoped and prayed this would be the star of show.  I pretended to continue reading my paper but I obsessed about these little nuggets of heaven once I saw them on the menu.  Damn it if it wasn't just my luck.... Disappointment! The crunch and outer texture was heavenly. The bechamel and chicken filling though left me wondering what I had done in a past life to deserve such a tease.   From now on I will refer to these croquetas as the temptress or since it's a Spanish restaurant -  Tentadora

Serrano Rice
Chorizo, chicken, rabbit, Frito, saffron
Final dish ordered and it ended on a high note.  All proteins were full of flavor and the sofrito was bold but not overwhelming.  

Mid-meal I decided to order a glass of red sangria ( maybe to drown my sorrows from the above listed temptress ).  One of the best red sangria I've had in some time.  If it wasn't the middle of the day and lunch time i could have easily enjoyed two-rty or so.  Not too sweet, great fresh fruit flavor and a nice kick of brandy at the end.  I surprised myself by not finishing it but it was the middle of the day and my work at Julian Serrano was complete.  Very good dining experience for $45 and I would come back for future visits.  Hopefully by that time I will have forgiven that EVIL tentadora.......
it was pretty empty, when i came here with my girls. the food came out super fast...a little too fast. with 5 girls chit chatting u would think it would be a 2 hour meal, but it was only less than an hour.

the food is really good. everything was surprising with flavor

the tuna tartar, the white aspargas with mango mayo, the cheese and panchetta bread, the tuna with rasberry lollipops, the chicken skewers, the steak, the scallops were my fav, the chicken w/ chorizo was moist, and the fries with egg and chorizo was interesting, but made the fries all soggy (don't reccomand that)

service is excellent.
If you're looking for something that's a bang for your buck, this is NOT the place to go.

I ordered the salmon egg sandwich at Julian Seranno and it was OK at best. The eggs used were much too frothy and resembled something close to continental eggs. The salmon placed on top of the sandwich was paper-thin. Collectively, the meal was just mediocre. 

Our waitress made it known before we ordered that the appetizers were great for sharing (seeing that we were a party of 5). The shrimp appetizer was served with, literally, three pieces of shrimp.

What I did like about Julian Serrano is the location. It's placed in the lobby of the Aria casino - needless to say, Aria is gorgeous by itself and makes everything just a little better.
It was a pleasant surprise to stumbled upon this restaurant while in Vegas last week.   I had the BEST Red Sangria and tapas I've ever had at Julian Serrano.   It inspired my boyfriend to proclaimed that he wanted to vacation in Spain just to enjoy the food.  

The service was impeccable and the decor was absolutely beautiful.   I love the tantalizing morsels that delight my taste buds with exquisite flavors.  It was the kind of restaurant that you want to linger a bit and relax.  The bathroom is also worth mentioning with floor to ceiling mosaic tiles and piped in language lesson.
We loved this place. We ordered like royalty and it showed after we saw the bill, however most of the items were delicious and our server was great. The two carafes of Sangria probably also helped with our opinion of the place. 

This is great social type dinner where everything is shared tapas style. The price can get expensive rather quickly so if you are on a budget you might want to go somewhere else or have a big lunch that day.
Vegas is sure enough, already pricey, and what I hate is it's all about the looks and not exactly the food. I love Houston food, yet has any place been able to compare with houston food for me or bigger than that...Texas, but then again I haven't traveled to many states. Julian Serrano was an exception though, although I hated that the paella was pretty expensive and the shrinp/lobster wasn't shelled out already, customwer service was great...food was finally something better, more on your busdget...but remember small plates..so in a way it seems cheap, but the plates are really small, unless you don't have an appetite this would be a good budget restaurant...the steak was really good and juicy. I recommend it, because unlike other restaurants in Vegas, this was one little one that served better foods than most restaurants in my opinion, although no foodss taste bad, some foods were okay, of course.
The good: Flavorful tapas and yummy sangria (1 carafe was approx 8 glasses).  

The bad: Bathroom was a Spanish lesson.  I heard a woman's voice stating "I love you.  Te quiero.  Welcome to Spain.  Bienvenidos a Espana."  WTF, can't a girl tinkle in peace and quiet or at least to some ambient music or acoustic guitar?!

The ugly: Decor consisting of thanksgiving colors accompanied by horrible service!  We were initially impressed with how quickly the tapas arrived, but our waiter rushed us through our entire meal.  Almost as soon as we put our forks down, he would clear our small individual plates along with the entree plate, even when there was food left on platter!  There were plenty of open tables, and it was an early dinner.  6 of us were in and out the door in record time within an hour and half...definitely not a leisurely meal with flowing sangria and ooh/aahh-ing over the dishes.

Notable mentions were the mixed ceviche, seared scallop, beef & cheese, flat iron steak and the mix paella.  

Oysters, stuffed dates, and creamy risotto were passable. Beet salad was unusually presented with orange flavored foam...not my cup of tea.  Was generally disappointing after experiencing culinary heaven at the Bazaar in LA.  Could've been a 3.5 bumped up to 4 stars if not for the service.
Tasty tapas. Great selection, somewhat pricey. Good people watching while enjoying delectable bites and sipping on your favorite beverage.
We ate here on Saturday night while hanging out in City Center. The place was packed, but we managed to get a couple seats at the bar. They serve the whole menu at the bar, so its nice if you just want to get in for a quick bite. We ordered tapas including the lobster gazpacho, stuffed dates, pan manchego, and grilled angus flat iron steak. All of them were excellent. The service was super fast and the bartender serving our food was friendly and knowledgable about the menu. He even described some of the items for us before we ordered. I enjoyed Julian Serranos very much. A great place for tapas.
We had lunch here.  The seafood salad was small but really good. The white sangria wasn't very good...the apples were overpowering. The steak sandwich was bland and it didn't have much meat. Also, I can't get over the $4.50 iced tea (similar to other restaurants at Aria).

I would dine here again for the seafood salad or to try the paella. And next time I will order the red sangria.
I don't know about other people, but I had the worst experience here.  The restaurant looks nice but that's it.  It's spanish tapas.  So we ordered bunch of plates.  Most of them were salty and no flavor at all.  We told the waiter of how salty our plates were, and he just jokingly laughed said the chef must have shaking hands tonight.  WTF?  not a word of appology nor any kind of complimentary.  I have very high expectation for Spanish Tapas so places like this just so disapointed- Especially it wasn't that cheap.  Will never come back
I came to Vegas early on a Friday afternoon with my other friends still delayed by air traffic.  Having all day to myself I decided to go exploring in the new Aria City center and after consulting my handheld pocket guide for eats, I decided to do the Julian Serrano tapas bar for lunch. 

I liked the friendly, open air decor and bright colors thats easily visible from the lobby of the Aria and after a quick scan of the menu at the door, decide to pull up a seat at the counter and order lunch.

The menu is created by chef Jose Picazo and many of the dishes remind me of the creations of a similarly named chef, Jose Andres, of Bazaar fame in Los Angeles, of which I've tried many times.  However unlike the borderline molecular deconstructionist gastronomy of the Bazaar, the items of JS are a little more conventional and accessible, but no less delicious.

I started off with the avocado cannelloni which was salmon tartare wrapped with sliced avocado with japanese seaweed salad.  I enjoyed this from the first bite as flavours of the salmon, avocado were mixed with a pleasant amount of saltiness. I could have ordered another one of these to finish off my meal.  Next I tried the salmon & truffle dish which was a good but a little dissapointing as the wonderful truffle sauce seemed to clash with otherwise bland and familiar salmon taste, not really infusing into the meat of the fish.  Perhaps pairing the truffle flavour with a different fish would work better.  Rounding out the meal was the Valenciana paella rice with chicken, rabbit, chorizo and saffron rice, very nice indeed.  Luckily I ordered off the lunch menu which was smaller portions but also only half the price of the dinner menu item.

Prices are a bit up there to be honest, but not surprising given small plates usually tend to be pricy and given the premium real estate, but for those who are comfortable spending the extra dime on some quality cooking and intriguing flavours, JS is a nice place to check out.
Kudos to the staff at Julian Serrano for making accommodations for large party. We had a reservation for 14 people and of course not everyone showed up on time. Our waiter didn't seem bothers by our delays.

Ordering tapas for 14 people can be daunting. The waiter offered to plan a menu for us at a pre-approved price point. We seemed to get a bit more food than we bargained for though. We told him to target about $65 per person, the final bill with tax and tip came to $80/person which was perfect.

So why only 3 stars? The food wasn't anything memorable.  Two weeks later and can barely recall any special dishes other than the presentation of the paella.
If your looking to have a nice lunch at the City Center for a reasonable price, this is the PLACE FOR LUNCH. 

We were going to stop by the City Center restaurants to view their menus for dinner reservations. I called in advance to find out about parking and such, as this area is known for lousy parking. The newspaper has complained about the limited local parking. I called the concierge and she told me for locals, to use the NORTH VALET off HARMON. She said it avoids the tourists and all the hectic business of people trying to figure out the front of the City Center complex. She said if you want to park, try the second floor of the self park as all of the tourists fight for the first floor. The NORTH VALET PARKING IS COMPLEMENTARY. In any sense, going back to the food, I asked the concierge for a recommendation and that I was bringing along my 8 year old son. She recommended a place called Julian Serrano. She said where else could you get a great sandwich for $10 and for the kids, you can order off the tapas menu for some deep fried chicken.  I asked for her recommendation for Todd English's pub and she said to stick with Julian Serrano for lunch.  

Great recommendation. 
We each ordered a sandwich. I had the chorizo, the other two were the mixed sandwich and the vegetarian. The Chorizo ciabatta sandwich was good, with not spicy, but evenly balanced against the goat cheese spread. My mother said the vegetarian ciabatta was eggplant, mushroom & pesto, with the mushroom overpowering the rest of the ingredients.  She really liked the ciabatta bread.  My father had the mixed and I took a picture of it. He said it was good. It had a fried egg with Serrano ham and cheese on plain bread, and they cut a hole out of the bread to showcase the fried egg. The best part of the sandwich combo is the fries that accompany it. My son had the SPANISH CHICKEN CROQUETTAs, (great photos from others already posted.) He loved them as did he enjoy my french fries which came with my sandwich. The FRENCH FRIES were skinny, twice fried potatoes. They were the best. We also had an AVOCADO CANNELLONI from the tapas menu. It was thinly shaved avocado wrapping a lightly vinegar-ed salad of Japanese seaweed, sesame, and smoked salmon. The seaweed salad overpowered the avocado, but it was something that I could say "I CAN'T MAKE THIS AT HOME" because of the delicateness of the consistently sliced ripe avocado the rolled and wrapped the seaweed salad.  Other yelp fans have posted this picture.  It's a beautiful presentation that lacks any taste outside of vinegar & seaweed.

All in all, the concierge's recommendations for lunch were SPOT ON! Where else can you get a gourmet sandwich and fries for $10. My son's chicken was like $9 from the tapas menu. I was going to order some sherry, but the wine prices were outrageous, so we had water which seemed (table to table) like the most common lunch drink served. 

My recommendations: They have 6 or 7 sandwiches to choose from for lunch, all for $10. The food is top grade and the service is very very good.  Final bill was less than $20 a head for lunch in Las Vegas at a clean, spot on, sit down restaurant on THE STRIP without any sort of buffet or keno being pulled around you.
Came here for lunch on a weekend afternoon, and was pleased to find they had a very well featured and reasonable lunch menu.  Shared a glass of the red sangria (very good quality), a chorizo sandwich, a steak sandwich and the mixed sandwich with my family.  All was flavorful and good quality, and service was very good.

All sandwiches came with very good french fries and a modest but very fresh and flavorful serving of gazpacho (smoothly blended, which I like).  

All-in-all, good food, reasonable prices for lunch, good service, and excellent location - restaurant is very nice, and has a great view of the Aria lobby area, with glass panels providing a nice clear separation.
Really good food with nice service. We ate at a few of the restaurants at Aria hotel and the best was Julian Serrano. I would come back
The Skinny: undercooked rice in the paella, bland chicken croquettes with no chicken in them, flavourless sauteed spinach (2); service: is good and prompt (4); value: I'm sorry... we spent $90 including tax and tip, no booze, on food that isn't that great (1)

We were hovering between going back to Sage for round two or heading over to try Julian Serrano for dinner. My hubby decided, for the sake of Yelp reviews, that we ought to try something we haven't done before. This is even despite the average 3.5 star rating.

So, we checked out the menu and ordered the Valencia Paella, the chicken croquettes, the sauteed spinach, the mushroom soup and the stuffed dates.

The chicken croquettes were singularily unpleasant. Not much chicken inside, the bechamel sauce was bland. So basically, you bit into a croquette filled with bland bechamel... yuck!

The mushroom soup as an odd mushroom underseasoned consumme with foie gras foam (that didn't taste like foie gras). Considering the price you paid for this dish, it clearly doesn't deliver the luxury you are expecting.

The stuffed dates were atrocious - greasy and boring.  You couldn't taste the bacon, just the warmed dates with the crunch of a flavourless blanched almond.

Sauteed spinach with apples, raisins, shallots and pine nuts - sounds really yummy right? Well, it would have been if they'd added a grain of salt to the dish. The spinach was also unappealing on two levels - 1) uneven cooking method (see the pic - some are cooked, some slighty wilted) and 2) not enough oil leads to that filmy sensation feel inside your mouth.

The Valencia Paella was improperly prepared. First of all, the flavours were off for such a dish - perhaps too much saffron. 

Secondly, the rice. Now, I know that the rice is supposed to be al dente. But this was not al dente, my friends. It's considered raw when the rice after chewing leaves a grainy texture in your mouth. Plus, if you look at my pics - no evidence of that wonderfully toasted socrrat layer (no golden brownness to the rice or the bits sticking to the bottom of the pan).

Third, the chorizo was subpar - texturally dry and one note... salty - it could not stand up to the other mediocre components of this dish.

So overall, a 2 starred review - mostly for the excellent service.
my boyfriend and i went here for lunch before we were taking off for la on a tuesday. we had the mediterranean seabass, avocado cannellini, mushroom soup with foie gras creme, brava potatoes, stuffed piquillo peppers, ahi salad, cured salmon sandwich and the grilled lamb chop. everything was really good with the soup and the seabass being absolutely divine. the lamb chop is a close second. the most blah was the brava potatoes but the tomato confit was delicious. the service was perfect as well. loved it!
They always find a way to get your money back in Vegas. This was how I gave them back my meager winnings and then some. 

The waiter was nice and friendly, however, the food was bleh. Turns out tapas just meant "small portion." I was fine with that and begun to order everything that sounded tempting. If I remember correctly I had the seared ahi with some raspberry paste, lobster with micro pineapple, shrimp and fish ceviche, some steak, some ridiculous black forest ham that was double the price of the regular ham and a pitcher of Sangria. Honestly, the only thing I liked was the sangria and ceviche. Everything else was bleh or mediocre. The tuna and lobster was the absolute worst especially if you're a sushi lover.  

2 stars for delicious sangria that got me nicely buzzed so I didn't mind paying 200 bucks for such a mediocre meal.
The worst experience of my life at a restaurant !!!!!  Not only they took for ever to bring us food, the tapas were cold and all tasted the same. The paella never arrived, but the worst was when one of the waiters, banged my dad's head pretty hard and didn't even care to make sure he was ok!,,,the manager with a stupid smile on his face didn't do any better.
Over all my worst ever specially with their over priced food!!!!
An interesting variation for resort restaurants offerings : tapas. Very good quality, not that many choices but enough to please most patrons. Larger portions than other tapas places I have tried and more expensive so I guess it's better to select a smaller number of them to make up a real meal. Wine selection by the glass is good to very good depending on your taste, I was not impressed but still felt I had decent options. Great service and decor. I would not go there for dinner but for lunch and happy hour before a show and late dinner, anytime.
it's really 1 star but i'll be generous with an extra star because of the water guy (who should have gotten all our tip since he's the only one who paid us any attention.)

food and service were meh. and prices were okay. most of my friends had sandwiches that came with a side salad or fries and a small shot of gazpacho (thought it was ok)... I had very disappointing steak salad.. the steak was dry, the salad itself kind of tasteless and the portion wasn't even filling. 

service was less than attentive (except for the water guy), it took about 30 minutes to get our food.. everyone around us got their food before we did, and when it came time to pay the bill, i had to track someone down to swipe my credit card and waited 10 minutes to get the slip to sign.

maybe it was an off-day. i don't know but next time I'm in vegas, i'll pass on this one.
The Julian Serrano Tapas Restaurant carries the name of its executive chef, Julian Serrano, who has made a name for himself in Las Vegas as the celebrated chef at Picasso's at the Bellaggio for the past decade. Prior to that, he was the head chef at the world famous Masa's, in San Francisco.

Here in the Aria at City Center, the grandiose, massive and latest project of MGM Hotel Group, it adds a nice modern Euro feel to the ultra modern and art infused City Center complex, and adds a splash of mediterranean hot colors to the understated Japanese-like hotel color motif of the Aria hotel. It's like a saucy Flamenco dance hall in the middle of the hi-rise offices of corporate giants in the Shinegawa section of Tokyo. Or like the Guggenheim's museum in Bilbao, Spain amidst the rustbelt of the surrounding aging industrial factories that once were the heart of that city. 

It was later on a Thursday when we came, and it was fairly unoccupied. Sat at the bar and was professionally waited on with a lot of attention, owing to the sparse crowd. The room is large and very open; there are dozens upon dozens of bar seats, the ideal tapas location, strung along one side of the restaurant. The ambiance is a classy-festive feel and decor, but very pro in service. 

The specials were told, but they were all fairly heavy and hearty, and we were in a lighter mood, it being about 9:00pm. So we opted for 4 light dishes:

-Marinated Olive Medley ($3) about 5 different offerings including pearl onion
-White Ceviche ($10) This was light, with just a touch of onions and tomatoes, served with a wafer and garnished with cilantro and radicchio
- Escalivada ($8) - were roasted bell peppers and mushrooms in olive oil with a baguette toast slice
- Avocado Cannelloni ($10) this was a light cannelloni wrapped not in noodle, but thin avocado slices topped with chopped nuts, and sided with a dollop of guacamole topped with watercress and a side splash of aioli

With a Gin and Tonic, the bill was $43.24 before tip, and satisfaction came with the refreshing flavors with the creative and traditional dishes from Julian Serrano at Aria.
Ambiance and decor: WOW. It's a gorgeous restaurant!! Too bad the food was just mediocre. 

Tuna raspberry skewer- Interesting pair, but the raspberry was overpowering. 

White ceviche- The acidity was extremely strong, but the white fish was great.  

Mediterranean Bass- Wonderful. It was cooked to perfection and the tomato confit complimented the dish. 

Creamy risotto- MY FAV. 

Spanish chicken croquetas - tooo creamy for my liking. 

It's a cute place to dine and I don't regret coming here.There is a big selection of tapas to choose from and there's something for everyone. Service was on point!
An expensive tapa's restaurant.  Almost everything is great, but realize that everything is pricey. 
Highly recommend the white sangria. Wow, never thought white sangria would be good, actually better than their red.
Definitely order the paella at the beginning so they can get it started - then holler at sangria and tapas, leaving room for the paella at the end!
After walking around the new Aria Hotel and shops at the Crystals, Julian Serrano provided a fancy afternoon snack. The WHITE SANGRIA was delicious, as  was the CHEESE PLATTER and MIXED SEAFOOD CEVICHE. 

Overall, this is nice restaurant is a nice hotel - nothing more, nothing less. We didn't stay for dinner, but I looked through the menu of mostly simple traditional Spanish tapas. This place is missing pizazz and needs more WOW-factor to make my Vegas hit list.
I had a craving for gazpacho soup while we were staying at Aria for 2 nights last week. So I ordered a take out for a lobster gazpacho from Julian Serrano. While we were waiting at the bar, we were offered to taste their sangria, so it was very nice of them. The sangria was really strong so don't drink it with an empty stomach. haha. 
The soup was very great. I got my craving satisfied.
Back again celebrating my sister's boyfriend's birthday, we picked them up from the airport and returned to Julian Serrano anticipating a great dinner by Chef Nathan and his crew.

We got our usuals-Calamari a la plancha, mixed seafood ceviche, risotto, stuffed dates, red sangria,etc. meanwhile, we placed an order for paella valenciana, knowing it takes 35 minutes to prepare...our waiter tries to persuade us to order a paella for four, but we kindly decline, so it'll allow us to order more tapas.

Round two, we get the raspberry tuna skewers, flat iron steak , pan con manchego, and chorizo con huevos y papa which were all tasty. Finishing up round two, Our waiter busts out the DESSERT MENUS!?

We remind him of our Paella Valenciana and homeboy FORGOT TO PLACE THE ORDER! Luckily for him, we were all in a good mood, so his mistake didn't ruin our evening, and it was chef Nathan to the rescue again, sending out an order of croquettas and tuna tiradito to hold us over.
The Paella was tasty as usual, and gone in a matter of minutes...

The best part of the night was when we didn't order desserts because we had Rudy's cake coming...Complete with a firework candle, that cake was the center of attention in the dining room. All you could see was a big smile from ear to ear, and Rudy repeatedly saying "That's frickin' bad-ass!"

That cake looked and tasted great...most of all, it made Rudy's night a memorable one as well. After soaking it all in, and beginning to get teary-eyed, He leans over to Lorena and says,
"I'm 29 years old, and I've never gotten a birthday cake."

Well, there's always a first for everything, and I'm glad I got to give him that moment he'll remember forever.....ALOHA!!!
Absolutely.  Fantastic.  Appetizers. 

My wife and I decided to do a food crawl through Las Vegas the night we got in (a la Betheney, for all you BGM fans).  We stopped at Julian Serrano first and completely destroyed our concept of a food crawl.  My pregnant wife was tired from flying in that day and walking around and wasn't too stoked at the 30 min wait for a table.  The wonderful manager brought a comfy chair out from the back office for her to sit in and personally secured and escorted us to a table as soon as space was available.  Awesome!

The menu is massive, and covers a range of traditional and modern interpretations of tapas.  It's pricey, but you are paying for ambience, the name, and the location.  The food is good, the service is good, and we kept ordering small plates becuase we didn't want to go anywhere else!
I typically wouldn't be so excited about eating dinner at a Tapas (small dishes that would normally be consumed as appetizers) restaurant but on this day, I had already gorged myself at an awesome buffet so when our party met up at 9pm for a bite to eat, I was okay with not eating a full meal.  

The decor of this restaurant is really pretty.  Very modern and hip and I felt one of the cool kids on the block.  When I first viewed the menu, I had counted for dishes that I really wanted to eat.  "I'm not hungry!"  I told my stomach so I cut it down to two.  I chose the shrimp ceviche and the tuna tirado.  Both were DEE-LISH-OUS!  Some other bites I ate off of friend's plates were the seared scallops and the grilled iron flat iron steak.  Very yummy!  

I know.  I hear you.  So why not the 5 stars?  Service sucked.  I don't know if it was a busy night or what but they forgot about us and it took a while for our server to come back and ask if we wanted anything else.  When he finally came back, we were able to order desserts and I thought they were just OK.  So technically, it should be 3 stars but I'm feeling generous today and only dinged them a 1/2 star each on dessert and service.  

I'm hoping to go back there to give them another chance on their service but that'll have to wait until my next trip back to Vegas.
One of the best tapas I've ever had! Good sangria, too! I would've loved to try everything on the menu.  My girlfriends and I ordered a bunch of things to try, none of which disappointed!
One of my favorites and the best tapas anywhere. Puts all others to shame. Go!
The vegetarian tapas at this restaurant are very good. I recommend brava potatoes, spanish tortilla and creamy risotto. They are my absolute favorites at this place.
Great place! The presentation of each dish was visually as well as gustatorily exciting. The small plates made making choices that might normally be out side ones comfort zone a relatively safe bet. Our waiter was accessible and engaging. If you go, ask your waitperson for suggestions - the next time (and there will hopefully be a 'next time') we go, I think I might just ask the waiter to select all our plates

The husband's edit: He wasn't quite as 'sold' on the place as I. He felt rushed (the busboy tried to clear one of his plates before he was done) and at the beginning of our meal, he asked for two glasses of wine; a white for the first several plates to be followed by a red for the last set - the red never came and he couldn't catch the attention of the waiter in time to rectify the issue. Other than that, he loved it and would go back
Went here with my boyfriend for a late night dinner and really enjoyed it.  The decor is really nice and the service was excellent.  My BF started with the lobster gazpacho and liked it but wished there was more lobster in it HAHA!  We also got the salmon with truffle, creamy risotto (YUM!), and stuffed dates (good, but not as good as the ones from Firefly).  Also had a glass of Pinot Noir which was good.  I wish I knew what it was called cus it was so smooth!

Would like to go back and try more....and get more creamy risotto and wine!
My best meal of 2010, hands down!  http://davidstable.com/2010/11/my-favorite-meal-of-2010/
I went here on Saturday for lunch with my family, and I was impressed by the decor and ambiance. For me, the only downside was that we were seated along the side close to where passersby kept stopping to take pictures of the beautiful decor. Next time, I'll ask to be seated further  in. Although it is an open area type seating, so it's still not very private either way. 

The food taste and presentation was perfect though! 5 stars for taste and presentation! I ordered the salmon with truffle for $12 and it was delectible! Although, Julian Serrano is known for it's small plates and tapas, so this was true to their motto, and not a big portion at all. It had a white mushroom on the bottom layered with grilled salmon with crispy skin and a black truffle aioli (I think... it doesn't describe much on the menu). 

My mom and dad each ordered the seafood rice from the lunch menu (which offers slightly bigger portions, but medium overall.... definitely not the typical obese American portion). It was also very tasty. It had mussels, big shrimp, calamari rings, peas, onions, and rice. It was texturally a mix between risotto and paella, which they also have on their menu. 

My brother ordered the lunch menu steak sandwich for $14, which came with a gazpacho and french fries. The sandwich was delicious, but the fries were my favorite!

My grandma ordered the lunch menu salmon sandwich with the mixed salad and gazpacho. We expected it to be a grilled salmon sandwich, but it was smoked salmon with egg and tomato.... such a tasty combination. Once again, as good as the sandwich was, I liked her side... the mixed green salad was perfectly seasoned with olive oil and salt... simple, but perfect!

All in all, I'm a fan! I'm definitely coming back!
Who doesn't love bite sized food? :) I have this theory that miniature versions of food always taste slightly better than their full sized parents (e.g., Minature Resse's Peanut Butter Cups).  Didn't someone say, "big things come in small packages?" :) Well, Julian Serrano might have, because he definitely took that phrase to heart and drove it home with his menu at his tapas (snacks, appetizers, finger foods) joint at the ARIA hotel.

I had been itching to check out the new City Center on the strip for quite some time.  I finally got a chance to make it out there and found myself ready for lunch.  To my dismay the majority of the restaurants I was interested in  weren't open until dinner.  So, after walking around and round I stumbled across Julian Serrano on my way out towards the shops.  Jackpot! It was open, there wasn't a line and it looked pretty :) 

I didn't actually realize it was a tapas joint until we were seated.  The overall feel of the place already gets you excited! From the overly helpful staff equipped with various accents from different countries, to the beautiful artistic layout  and decor of the entire room.  Even though the restaurant is inside the actual Aria they used the space perfectly with almost no walls utilizing the high ceilings to give you that open airy feeling that just makes you look up and exhale with a smile.  The furniture is very modern and the lighting was shining perfectly dim (you know that lighting that let's you still see your food and makes your face look flawless...so FYI perfect date spot: quaint portions of really high quality good food, in a expensive looking place with great lighting that makes you look good...girls will love it, trust me)!

Now for the food...everything I tasted was pretty well...tasty and the plating was simple and clean.  I was fourtnate enough to order a lot and got a pretty good tasting of the menu.

My ORDER:

WILD MUSHROOM SOUP!!! WAS TO DIE FOR! I mean if I could I'd have it everyday...carry it in a camelbak I wear everywhere.

TUNA - RASPBERRY SKEWER...a must try just because the combination and presentation was pretty intriguing and the tuna was good quality.

WHITE CEVICHE...yummy with a good spicy kick.

STEAMED MUSSELS...just okay.  I love mussels so I've had my fair share but good amount for the price.

GRILLED ANGUS FLAT IRON STEAK...just okay too because I love steak so I'm picky when it comes to steak.

BEEF & CHEESE!!! MY TIE WITH 1ST FAVORITE (MUSHROOM SOUP)! So simple but packed with great flavor and texture.

I can't wait to go back and try some more great bites!

My only gripe was that I tried to order a seafood dish and pan manchego but they were all out.  I thought this was definitely poor management and a bad oversight to under order ingredients for a busy weekend.

But other than that...AWESOME!
A well concocted menu in a prime location. The ARIA hotel is simply BEAUTIFUL and modern. Julian Serranos brings the customers in from the outside and it is well worth the price. 

The taste and presentation was exceptional. We especially enjoyed the creamy risotto and scallops. A couple speciality drinks later and we were ready to tackle the Vegas nightlife. This is a great place to start off your evening. Don't expect a private quiet dinner, this place is open, fun and loud.
There is no argument that the food is delicious. 

For the price, however, I would prefer to head over to Firefly and pay about a third the price.  

Definitely worth it if you are willing to throw your money around and are looking for a pretty atmosphere to enjoy your tapas and sangria.

I'd be happy to enjoy another fabulous dinner here...on someone else's dime, that is.
Julian Serrano is on my list of restaurants I go back to when I'm in Las Vegas. It's a tapas restaurant located in Aria (A plus since they perfume the air there #omgsmellssogood). For those of you who don't know what Tapas is, it's the Spanish version of Dim Sum. You just order a bunch of appetizer sized plates. Usually about 3 orders is good for one person. Here's what's good to get:

Imported spanish "pata negra" ham (it's pricey, but worth it)
brava potatoes (crunchy potato squares with  a spicy tomato alioli sauce)
pan manchego (toasted bread, fresh garlic tomato sauce and manchego cheese)
sauteed padron peppers (good for snacking on, like the edamame of tapas)
traditional spanish chicken croquetas (standard tapas dish, always a winner no matter where you go)
grilled lamb chop (only comes with one small chop per order)
beef and cheese (prime tenderloin, cheese, honey, pecans wow really really good)

For dessert get Santiago's cake. It's very unique (not in a crazy taste way) and is the perfect ending for such a great meal every time.

www.anitaeat.com
The place looks fantastic, the decor and design is great.  (Most) of the food was excellent.  The price, like everything in Aria, is top-dollar, so expect to spend a pretty penny if you're making this your meal.

The service was great, the waiting staff was very friendly an attentive.  

This is tapas, so the food is coming to you in small portions.  I love to eat, so while I'll like stuffing my face I exercised the compulsion to devour the plate in one bite.  Yes, you'll be nibbling a little bit of this and a little bit of that.  

As for the food, we tried a bunch but here are a few that stood out to me:

1) Ahi Tuna - Good dish, very fresh and tasty.
2) Lamb Chop - On the small side for sure, even for tapas in my opinion, but very tasty.
3) Eggplant - OK, I have a few words about the vegetarian Eggplant dish.  This one tasted like the chef dumped one of my great grandmother's mason jars of cold veggies out onto a plate and garnished it a bit.  This was the last dish we were served, and sadly, by far the most disappointing food of my whole trip.  The menu would be far better off without offering this one.


I'd recommend this place to try on your Vegas trip if you're into Tapas and either have the cash... or you've got your company card handy.  :)
Third stop on an Aria/Crystals foodie crawl.  We sat down at the bar eager for some tapas and sangria.  I got a glass of red sangria ($4.50 - bargain!), which is my favorite sangria in all of Las Vegas.  Perfect spice to it.  Doesn't just taste like watered down red wine.  My husband got a glass of white wine, the Albarino ($9) which was good but a little sweet for my tastes.  I like dry white wine.

We went a little nuts and got three tapas!  I was really intrigued by the salmon truffle ($12) which is a piece of salmon with bechamel truffle sauce atop a portabello mushroom.  This was actually disappointingly ok.  Maybe I was all truffled out from the truffle fritters at Jean Georges but this dish just didn't do much for me.

We also got the oysters ($10) which the server said could be served with a mango foam or traditional.  This was confusing because the menu said gazpacho foam.  We went for the mango foam, but when we got them, it was definitely gazpacho foam.  Either way, they were very good and fresh.  The oysters come in servings of 4.

Finally we got the pata negra ($35), which we always get here.  Now it is ham, some bread, and a tomato sauce, which may be a little offputting given the price.  But this is famous blackhoofed pig and only comes from Spain.  The ham is cured for 3 years and it is just so yummy.  The tomato sauce, which appears to be fresh tomatoes and olive oil, goes perfectly with the ham.

A good experience but I was disappointed by the salmon so I'll drop off a star.  Plus, they got slammed towards the end of our meal (our server actually exclaimed out loud about being slammed, so it must have been bad) and it took a while to get the check.  No biggie.  Nice atmosphere and it's open to the casino so great people watching.

Check out the bathrooms for sure here.  They are left of the bar towards the back.  Ladies to the left, mens to the right.  They pipe in some Spanish language tapes which are pretty hilarious.  Great restaurant!
We stopped here before the Viva Elvis show.  We were quickly seated in the back as some of the first dinner patrons for the evening.  We promptly informed the waiter that we had ticket for the early show and ordered a round of water while we reviewed the menu. He said he would steer us away from the long prep items.  We quickly decided on about 9 to 10 items for a table of four and two of us ordered wine by the glass.  Food started arriving and the waiter became scarce and I'm not sure why.  We finished our dishes and waited.  Desert menus were delivered but no waiter.  Finally asked for a check due to the time, not the waiter, I was inform we could speed things up by just taking my card and running it.  And we waited... I suggested my guest make the walk to the theater and I would meet them there after I paid the check.  I was informed they were having trouble with their credit card machines and they were running them manually.  Another 5 minutes and  I asked a bus boy where my credit card was and I followed him to a location near the kitchen, out of sight of most of the other guests.  While the Bus Boy was looking for the absent waiter I flagged down the manager and explained the situation.  The check arrived a few minutes later, manager tried to buy us with a couple drinks after the show.  I negotiated drinks at Sage across the lobby, but never went back to collect.  We went to Del Friscos for lemon cake instead and  wrote this review.
Food was good, Waiter was not.
Manager was good, timing was bad.
I know I should not grade on bad timing, but I needed to say something.
What a delicious restaurant both in looks and taste! We ate lunch and ordered a variety of sandwiches--salmon, steak, and egg. They were huge, but more importantly, very tasty and presented beautifully. The winner was the salmon sandwich with eggs so fluffy, they could float! The tapas we ordered were manchego cheese on bread (so,so), rack of lamb (delicious, but only one), sauted spinach w/pine nuts and raisins (refreshing) and lobster soup (wonderfully decadent, especially since the liquid was separately poured over the crab and other goodies). The meal was an excellent value overall, and we liked the fact that we could get 4 separate checks. Would definitely return.
Very impressive. Scrumptious cuisine and reasonably priced.  The mussels were definitely the highlight of the evening, but there were very few downsides.  The service was top-notch.  The only downside was that we ordered 7 tapas dishes and they all came out essentially at the same time.  It would have been nicer to pace the meal, but aside from that it was great. Would return for sure.
Pretty pricey for tapas. The dishes we tried (pan tomate, white fish ceviche, calamari frito) all very average. Nothing really blew me away. We also tried the paella..definitely not worth the 30+ minute wait. I've had a lot better. I tried the crema catalan (kind of like a creme brulee) for dessert and that was kind of "meh" as well.

The atmosphere is definitely lively and fun, service excellent, but the food definitely not worth the price. I don't think I'll be back to try the rest of the menu.
Nothing to rave about here, especially for the price.  I don't eat much seafood though so that could have been good.  I did try the sea bass but it didn't turn me into a fan.
I'm not typically a tapas fan, but found the selection at Julian Serrano to be very good.  The tuna app seemed the hit amongst our group.  Overall, the food was good, but they need to kick up the deserts.  The Crema Catalan was not my fav.  Stop in for lunch and you can get a seat by the kitchen to watch the magic happen.
Full review in blog:  High/Low-lights below.

When the food did begin to arrive, however, we figured out why there was a delay - instead of batching our dozen dishes into waves, they were about to be served all at once.  With plate after plate after plate arriving and filling the table I asked Adrian why this was happening and suggested slowing things down to which he responded "this is a tapas restaurant, sir, it is how things are served."  Having already assured himself a lousy tip by this point I explained to him that although I've never been to Spain I have been to a multitude of Andres and Garces spots, plus other "tapas" style restaurants and have never seen anything like this.  Without apology I watched him amble off to the kitchen where he actually stopped two servers carrying plates (they would have been numbers 8 and 9 on the table at once) and after this service did improve, mildly.

Plate six was Mediterranean stew in deconstruction | prawns | bronzinni | sofrito, the first of the more "modern" tapas.  Familiar with European seabass I think the cut we received was a bit close to the tail and the fish's generally sweet taste was much brinier than expected.  With the prawn slightly overcooked and rubbery the seafood on the plate was fortunately brought up a notch by pured sweet potato and "sofrito" of garlic, olive oil, tomato, and onion.  Taking bites of everything mixed did indeed harken to a seafood stew, but not an exceptional one in any way.

The final plate in the first (self limited) wave was the best "modern" tapas of the meal - tuna-raspberry skewer | ahi tuna | "molecular" raspberry | wasabi | sesame seed.  At $14 the portion/price ratio was poor, but the flavors and quality more than made up for it.  With the "molecular" aspect a similar texture to a gelee, the sweetness of the raspberry was nicely tempered by the heat of the wasabi while the pan seared tuna coated in sesame seeds lent heft and crunch to the dish.  At the same time visually appealing, texturally intriguing, and tasty this was the sort of dish I had expected when walking into Julian Serrano, though I'd have personally preferred sashimi style from the fish.

The second dish, Wild mushroom soup | shiitake | crimini | oyster | foie gras cream would prove to be another excellent classic dish spruced up with modern technique.  Similar to my favorite mushroom soup of all time (Canoe's creamless Mushroom soup) but topped off with foam featuring the unctuous sapor of foie gras.  Taken on its own the soup itself was hearty, earthy, and minimally sweet - the cream simply added a whole extra layer of flavor.  This, along with the subsequent dish would prove my favorite of the meal.

Overlooked by myself but ordered by my mother, Creamy risotto | wild mushroom | manchego cheese | natural jus was the steal of the menu at a mere $10.  With a base of flawless rice cooked in mushroom broth the dish found heft in the addition of creamy mushroom broth (quite similar in flavor to that on the salmon) while slices of fibrous mushroom added textural variety.  Topped with a slice of slowly melting year-old manchego that added its characteristic aged salinity the entirety of the dish was flawless - I was especially thankful to receive this in the second wave of dishes as I imagine it would not have been as successful in the cooled state.

Where the tuna skewers succeeded, Lobster-pineapple skewer | lobster tail | "molecular" pineapple | sesame oil failed.  Whether it was the small portions of overcooked lobster or the over sweetened and disconcertingly fibrous pineapple gelee I cannot be certain, but the dish was simply unbalanced and any nuance that may have been intended was lost in the sweetness.  As the final fish dish of the night I'll simply say that aside from the octopus the kitchen at Serrano really needs to pay attention to the textures coming out of the kitchen as nearly every fish was overcooked.

Tax and moderate tip included the total cost of the meal turned out to be ~$55/person - not a bad deal considering the fact that we ordered four dishes per person and did not pick based on price.  With that said, when a chef like Serrano attaches his name to something there is an expectation that follows and that expectation was not met.  Overcooked fishes, muddled flavor profiles, and service gaffs (especially the sort where the server tells the diner he/she is wrong) have no place in such restaurants and considering the superstar competition that just arrived in town with two restaurants at The Cosmopolitan these are the sorts of mistakes that could send diners looking for better.
We went for lunch, and got some tapas.  I like my tapas (eggplant & salmon roll), and my husband's salmon sandwich with fries and gazpacho was good too.  The price is very reasonable, especially since it is in the Aria!
My husband ate here this past week  for lunch and were disappointed by the food.  My husband chose the restaurant because it was listed as the best new restaurant in Vegas.  Hmm....well so we ordered the chicken croquetas, wild mushroom soup, white sangria and the mix paella.  The croquetas were not evenly cooked, parts in the middle were semi warm verging on cold and other parts were hot.  The wild mushroom soup was good, that was the only dish we liked.  The white sangria seemed more like a white wine spritzer...where was the fruitiness?...surely not the thin piece of apple they added to our glasses?  Anyway, onto the $50 pan of paella...the rice was totally undercooked....pretty much crunchy in the middle of all the pieces, the lobster was overcooked and there just didn't seem to be much paella in the pan granted it wasn't good enough that we even finished the pan.  However, based on the amount of dishes we ordered we could have easily polished off the paella had it been decent.  This was not a great experience for us, our waitress was okay, though she disappeared in the middle of our meal for quite a long stretch without checking on us.
no, no, no!!! (sigh)

i love tapas.  so i was super stoked to be coming here for dinner.  the space is sort of odd because it's opened into the lobby so everyone can see you eat.  some people may dig that but i don't.

we let the waiter help us choose a few dishes, some were pretty interesting.  i don't remember what any of them were called, but i do remember how we left hungry.  the service was alright.  our server did drop a few utensils or forgot to refill the water, but whatever.  no one's perfect.

look, for the price, i expect to be semi-satisfied when i leave and i defintely don't think the price is worth eating in a setting where i felt like i was eating at some food court in a mall.
A 3.5 star restaurant. Casual feel with tapas style dining or solid entrees. The tapas/appetizers are all pretty decent. They have lots of Spanish type of tapas.

The paella was really disappointing, and expensive, too. Skip it.

Service though was excellent and the whole staff was very accommodating and helpful in providing suggestions and even designing a set menu of recommendations for us.
Half of what we had was VERY GOOD and the other half was mediocre.  

Mussels in a spiced broth, Squid ala plancha with carmelized red onions, Lamb Chop, and Filet with Cheese and honey were the bomb!!!

I will be back to enjoy another Burgans Albarino with the seafood and a Ribera del Duero with the meat!

Some of the other dishes were lackluster, and the atmosphere leaves little to be desired.    Overall, MUCH better than firefly.
I love tapas, so my friends and I decided to try Julian Serrano for some tapas before we leave Aria at Vegas. We were generally happy with the tapa dishes we ordered. I specifically had the Pan Manchego, which was tasty! 

Per our server's recommendation, we ordered the Mix Paella with lobster, clam, mussel and shrimp. It had tons of flavor, but the paella was a bit undercooked. 

Great presentation, service was alright, and the tapas aren't the best that i've had. Still worth a try though!
This place is overrated.  It was fine but not at all special, not a single one of the dishes we ordered stuck out to me as being especially good.  Sorry.

Considering how many great restaurants there are in Vegas, there is no reason to come here.
Most of the menu at Julian Serrano is tapas with the exception of the Paella. We had a group of 4 and had some difficulty ordering so we simply had the waiter do so for us. 

While we were waiting we had some drinks and I have to say that I was impressed with the selection of everything they had. My favorite of the night was the Tito's Homemade Vodka. This is the first time I've heard of it and it was excellent on the rocks. 

The big downside to the tapas here is that the portions are relatively small. Since they were so small I can't even begin to get into the number of things we ordered but you can pretty much point to something on the left side of the menu and we had it. We LOVED everything minus the Tuna-Raspberry Skewers...the two just don't go together. All 5 of us did share all of the tapas so we basically got a taste of everything. I would recommend either not coming here with a big appetite or if you want to share, just doing so with one other person. 

We finished the meal with the Valenciana Paella. The Paellas are made for 2 people (so they say) and we asked that they make one large one for the table. The one we got was rather large and we each took a quarter of it. It was just enough to fill a small bread plate...to give you an idea of how "large" the large is. 

Overall, great service, excellent food...but small portions.
tasty tapas and snobby staff. food was excellent and somielle was very helpful suggesting the cheapest Spanish red to accompany the lamb tenderloin and risotto. the huevos estadillos were awesome. 4 out of 5 only because firefly is my personal favorite.
Tapas can be tricky.  But a la Scott decided to venture into Julian Serrano"s at the aria hotel inn Vegas and sample a few of the offerings. 

First off sheik and cool space. Very inviting. Part of the very modern and edgy hotel build out.  

Tapas can be an adventure so choose carefully.  But if you are feeling less daring you can always go for the paellas.  

Started with the lobster gazpacho.  Quite good and a touch of coconut butter was a surprising add to a traditional spanish soup,

Veered off into the grilled anges flat iron steak.  It tempted me because of the Japanese eggplant.  Good choice but it looked more flavorful then it was. 

Rounded out with the chicken croquetas. A nice and rich traditional tapas dish comprised of chicken and bchamel. 

It's Vegas baby and food here is good on the high end.  This is my second trip to julian serrano and I'd say it is a pretty decent adventure into spanish tapas but hardly knock your socks off. 

Cool space--interesting menu  and despite some blandness in flavors--give it a go for something different a cool setting.   

Price point is on the  high side so be prepared.

A la scott gives this one three stars.
We recently went to Vegas & stayed at the beautiful Aria Hotel. The hotel boasts six restaurants & this is one of them. Tapas have been really trendy the last five years & so many tapas restaurants fall short of executing really good Tapas dishes. But this is Julian Serrano! I couldn't help myself so we bee-lined there Saturday night.  The decor is bright &  there are lots of mirrors. I don't really like watching myself eat & it seemed every time I looked around I caught a glimpse of either myself or someone else stuffing their face!!  So this isn't the most intimate place in terms of being romantic. Tables are pretty close together!! In fact we felt like the people next to us were with us!! LOL! Drink menu is impressive & the sangria is refreshing & delicious. They have some nice beers, tequilas & spanish wines too. In fact the wine list is very impressive. Now the food which I was very impressed with. We shared everything & we started out with the mixed seafood ceviche which had octopus, shrimp & whitefish. This was so fresh & the simplicity of the lime & cilantro really highlighted the fish. Next the gambas, sauted shrimp, garlic & arbol chilis. This was fantastic too.We decided to try the "new" tapas so we went with the lobster-pineapple skewer w/ "molecular" pineapple & sesame oil. This was not one of my favorites. molecular food can be tricky & I am kind of sick of the foam or gelatin type textures when chefs introduce this food. The lobster was delicious but the molecular part  which was the pineapple had a weird texture. Not my fave but still good.
The cheese platter is fantastic and it has cabrales, goat, la serena & manchego to name a few. The stuffed dates, olives & gazpacho were all fantastic. One of my faves was the escalivada which has roasted eggplant, red pepper, onion & tomato.  The service was just okay but the place was really busy so I will cut them some slack.
So my ratings are as follows:

Ambiance: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Menu: 5 stars
Food: 5 stars
Would I go back...absolutely!!
I would give this 5 stars except the paealla is not that great. 

As for everything else on the menu, it's as good as anything I've had in my limited Tapas experiences.  Gotta have the potatoes bravas - their sauce is just so much better than a place like Firefly (which I like).  Try the beef and cheese dish too - really tasty.  Chorizo and egg dish is nice too - super rich with browned potatoes.

Usually not a drinker, but the sangria there is really delicious.  I seriously could drink 2 pitchers myself.  Atmosphere is great - prices are high end so expect to pay at least $50 if not more.  Depends on how many dishes you wanna go for.  As I've said before, pass on the paealla.  Kind of bland.
Our party of 8 ordered 26 dishes and every single one was excellent.

Highlights included: White Ceviche, Lobster-Pineapple Skewers, Pan Manchego, Creamy Risotto and the Beef and Cheese. But the crowd favorite was the Brava Potatoes, crispy potato cubes served piping hot topped with spicy tomato and creamy alioli sauce. We also agreed the Huevos Estrellados is probably the best hangover dish ever invented. 

Do not ignore dessert here. Treat yourself to the churros with spicy hot chocolate or the bunuelos - sugar coated donut holes served with butterscotch caramel dipping sauce. Yum, I could go for those right now. 

Price point is high - you'll spend $14 for 4 Lobster-Pineapple skewers, however you are in Vegas and the food is sooo tasty. A pitcher of their refreshing red sangria and suddenly it's easy to justify spending so much on the indulgent meal.  

We really enjoyed our 2 hr dinner in this bright and airy modern restaurant. Service was excellent, noise level was tolerable and the food will bring all of us back next time we're in Vegas.
Sangia, desserts, and tapas yayyyy...
Just think "Firefly" but, $EXPEN$IVE$ ... did I mention that it's expensive? lol

In general, I think when it comes to tapas, the best thing to do is go with a group of people so, you can sample (SAMPS) a lot of different things. It's a good thing we came here for a business meeting.

My faves were:
-the lamb: we all know how much I love that!
-Estrealladose: I think that's how you spell it? It's basically fries with a fried egg on top. And lemme tell you: AMAZING!!! So simple, so rich, and soooo heart attack city (but, let's not think about that) I'd think this would be the greatest hangover food. ever. in. life.
-lava cake: super rich...you can never go wrong with chocolate!
-the donut pieces with caramel and choco dipping sauce: mmmMMmm, the sauces were kinda spicy...not hot (temperature), hot (spicy!)


Oh, I almost forgot, the bathrooms teach you phrases in various foreign languages...lol I'm not kidding. It's kinda funny to be washing your hands and learn to say "I love you" in Spanish...
Having a vegetarian in tow to a tapas restaurant is sure to challenge the menu. My theory held true. It's tough to share and also find value / variety for both. So, in a surprise move for me at a tapas bar, I ordered the chicken breast entree. It had a flavorful glaze and was well prepared. The potato and sausage side was delicious, if a bit too rich when mixed with a dollop of truffle butter. My bad! For $24, I could not have had a better value or been as satisfied had I ordered off the tapas menu.
I love this place and go here every time I'm in Vegas.

It does get pricey but their tapas are intricate and delicious.

My favorite is the seafood Gazpacho that comes with a little ball filled with some gazpacho and bursts in your mouth when you bite it.

I also love their white asparagus dish, the lamp chops, and of course their manchego cheese sandwich with egg.

I can't wait to go back!
***Aria's Julian Serrano is a nice looking tapas spot with a menu that sounds good; unfortunately, the food was surprisingly mediocre***

Julian Serrano is a tapas spot that is near the front lobby of the Aria Hotel.  The decor reminds me a little bit of the Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill in MGM Grand in how the restaurant is very much open to the casino and the hotel.  There are no big and thick walls separating the dining area from the nearby bustling activity of the casino.

The decor is very upscale cafe-like and hotel restaurant-like.  Nice and contemporary but pretty standard stuff (not unique or memorable).

We had a few things here and I felt the food looked better than it tasted.  Several of the dishes were average.  I was not a big fan of Fleur by Hubert Keller (a tapas spot in Mandalay Bay), but I felt Fleur was noticeably better than Julian Serrano.

Here is a rundown on what we had.

(Ahi Tuna Tempura) This was ahi tuna two ways.  There was a standard ahi tuna tower on the plate that had an avocado base (fresh and a good flavor but something you will find at a lot of other restaurants).

There was also ahi tuna that was flash fried in a light tempura batter (crispy on the outside but still rare on the inside).  This was okay and I liked the contrast of the cool center with the crisp outside.  Still, I've had a much better version of that dish at Ocean Avenue Seafood in Santa Monica.

(Mediterranean Bass)  This was a bass with the skin-on that was served over some veggies with a light sauce.  It was a light dish and had a mild flavor.  The fish was pretty moist (the skin could have been crisper).

(Cheese Platter) The cheese selection at Fleur was much better.  The cheese here was a little dry (not great flavors either).  The garnishes were also disappointing.  The fruit paste was too thick and lacked sweetness.

(Chicken Skewers) The chicken skewers here were juicy enough, but they lacked flavor.

(Prime Tenderloin Topped With Cheese, Honey And Pecans) The quality of beef was really poor (at least when compared to the other dishes we had here). The beef was a thin piece.  They overcooked it  (it came out well) and it was dry and chewy.  The cheese, honey and pecans were all fine, but the centerpiece of the dish (beef) was a real disappointment.

(Stuffed Dates) The dates here were wrapped in bacon and then deep-fried.  This is a pretty popular combination and their version of it was pretty tasty (though kind of a given with this flavor combination).

Service was okay.  Food came out at a good pace and the staff was attentive enough, but I felt the wait staff was not as strong as what I experienced at other Vegas spots recently (including Fleur, Mesa Grill, Comme Ca, Bouchon, and Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill).

I've been fortunate enough to have a lot of service where it felt the wait staff was really putting in the extra effort to make every aspect of the dining experience enjoyable and memorable.  While the wait staff was pleasant enough, I did not get that same feeling here.

Julian Serrano sounds like it would be a nice place.  The menu reads nice as well.  There were mostly misses here though and the food was just not as good as other Vegas spots I've tried in the same price range.  I will give a lot of places a second try, but since we had so many dishes and so many were average, I doubt I would return here.

Aria features complimentary valet parking.  I am not sure if they feature complimentary self-parking as well.
We had the ahi tuna and raspberry skewers and thought they were amazing!  Not many people seem to be a fan, but I loved the unique combination of flavors.

We also ordered the gazpacho because I'm obsessed with it, and this dish did not disappoint!  The best part was this parmasean cheese ball with yumminess inside!  We were trying to share it, so I cut it in half which made it difficult to eat but did not detract from the yummy sauce inside.

We had a couple other non-memorable things but we were still not full.  My boyfriend luckily asked the waiter what he would recommend.  The mussles.  Oh.  Em.  Gee.  The best $9 I didn't spend!  I swear the pot  they brought out with the mussles in a most scrumptious sauce was bottomless.  We must have each had at least 15 mussles.  What a deal!  

The decor is bright and whimsical and I want to tile my future kitchen in those same exact colors!
Just about everything in the Aria is fantastic, and Julian Serrano is no exception. I am not crazy about tapas, but I have an appreciation for unique combination of flavors and textures. The best part of my dining experience was the great selection of wine and spirits.
I love, love, love this place for some tapas and sangria. Four of us went and split the tapas and a pitcher of the cinnamon-spiced sangria and had a fabulous time. The dates stuffed with almonds, wrapped in bacon and deep-fried are life-changing.
I've been here a few times and every time the food is amazing.

Not a cheap place to eat; but the food is soooo good. I've never tried the Sangria (and neither have my dining companions) so I can't speak to that.

We ordered Octopus, White Ceviche, Steamed Mussels, Spanish Chicken Croquettes, and 3 other plates. We shared the Churros with spicy chocolate for dessert; I really don't like chocolate but I loved their spicy chocolate.
Not impressed. We had stuffed dates (almond was a nice addition to the traditional, however fried preparation was not so much) and raspberry and raw tuna tapa, which was unique and tasty, but not amazing. Ambience was more fit for a big group, but portion sizes were not. I feel it was pretty pricey for quality and size of portions. Service was terrible. We had to ask or flag down our waiter multiple times and the place was less than half full. Best part was the red sangria.
I LOVE this restaurant.  Small plates, masterfully done, superb service without being pretentious.  I've eaten here a few times, the first time for a quick lunch - my husband ordered a Spanish Tortilla and after one bite (and ordering another) we vowed to return.

Came for dinner and for some WEIRD reason my husband let me order the wine - the sommelier was great, I gave her my budget, the type of wine I was looking for and she gave me 3 suggestions, the wine I picked was awesome!  I actually am trying to find some locally!  

Started with the pork belly and micro mozzarella - it was delicious. Shared the Paella with Lobster, Chicken, Chorizo, Vegetables & Saffron Rice - perfect to share.  Great combo of flavors and surprisingly none of them got lost.  Had to try the Spanish tortilla - so simple and delicious.  

I will always try to stop in here when I'm in Vegas, you can grab a quick bite at the bar or sit down and enjoy dinner.  I look forward to trying more items on the menu.
I am in love with this place!!  Not only do tapas and sangria melt my heart but this place was amazing.  Every small plate we had was delicious and the sangria was intensely good.  Some of my favorites were the meat plate, cheese plate, french fries with the chorizo and egg, and the spinach.  Each plate was soo good and the service was great.  I will be making this a Vegas favorite for all my trips back!
We had a very nice dinner here.  The lobster gazpacho was very nice. We also enjoyed the crispy pancetta iberica, the charcuterie, and a rabbit dish. We had reservations so our table was more in the back and very comfortable.We bought an older bottle of  wine and received attentive service from the Sommelier.
We got in to Aria late and decided to have a light dinner.  Everything was great, service, food, decor.  Husband and I had 5 dishes between us and everyone was great.  Our waiter helpful and friendly and the support staff equally so.
At Julian Serrano, my wife and I had the single best dining adventure that I've ever had in Las Vegas.  While it may not have been the culinary apogee (that distinction actually goes to Picasso which is of course Julian Serrano's other restaurant located in the Bellagio), the food here was nevertheless absolutely amazing and the service was absolutely the best I've had in Las Vegas.   While it was my Birthday lunch which might cloud my vision a little, our waiter and the whole staff truly made my meal here one I shall remember fondly until the end of my days.

My wife and I walked in last Friday at around noon.   While we had no reservation, the staff greeted us kindly nevertheless and sat us near a TV, as I was following the Villanova - George Mason NCAA basketball game.  Our waiter approached us immediately and suggested we try the sangria.  It being my Birthday, I happily obliged him and I had in fact 3 of them by the time the meal was done.   Let me tell you right now the drink was crisp and very tasty and left absolutely no headache later on (something Sangria is typically notorious for in that regard)

As far as food is concerned, we started out with the Spanish Charcuterie Platter, Fried Calamari, White Ceviche and Crispy Pancetta Iberica.   Of those 4 dishes, the Fried Calamari came out on top, followed by the White Ceviche.   The Charcuterie platter was delightful too, while I must say we were not blown away by the Pork Belly (Pancetta) dish.

We followed up these dishes with 3 more tapas:  Stuffed Piquillo Peppers, the spanish chicken croquetas, and the Flat Iron Steak.   The first 2 were absolutely divine.   The third one was just so-so.

By that point, both my wife and I were absolutely stuffed.   Still, the waiter would not relent on us getting dessert, especially after he heard my wife was a Pastry Chef and it was my Birthday.   We nevertheless declined dessert, being completely full at that point.   Still, the waiter brought us a Crema Catalana on the house.   Since the dish was there, we had to eat it and indeed it was one of the best Creme Brulees (my wife's expected, of course) that I've ever had.   The dessert is served with a pineapple sorbet which is so clean and beautiful that it tastes like you are biting into an icy wedge of Hawaiian Pineapple.

Simply amazing dining experience.   The moment we were out of the restaurant, I tweeted to all the people who were attending the same conference I was that if they had no dinner plans, they should absolutely check out Julian Serrano.   I don't know if they took my advice, but this is a great restaurant and I plan on coming back here many times!
We stumbled in off the plane and had a tasty lunch. For 2 people - calamari a la plancha, xato salad, scallops in romesco sauce, white ceviche and raspberry tuna skewers - it was all good and beautifully presented. No drinks. $80 for a light lunch felt a bit steep.
This is probably about a 3.5 - but I am going to give this guy some benefit of the doubt based on some extremely strong ceviche. A friend recommended this to me, so I made it the last dinner stop of my Las Vegas eating tour.

I started with the mixed ceviche, a mix of white fish, shrimp, and octopus with minced bell pepper and rings of thin sliced red onion in a strong lime broth with plenty of heat. Magnificent. The seafood was delicious, with great variation in texture from one meat to another. I tell you, I ate the red onion...on purpose...simple because it was in the broth. I hate red onion. So this is a major compliment. I almost ordered another one.

That was followed by the poorly named "beef and cheese" which is actually a tenderloin medallion cooked medium rare, topped with a slice of good brie, in a honey sauce with pecans sprinkled over top. The sauce did not over power, the nuts were a nice add, and the beef was cooked just right with incredible flavor. Really delicious. I also ordered some of the wild mushroom risotto, which, while it was actual risotto, was actually just a tad underdone for my taste. It did have nice big pieces of mushroom, as well as a nice slice of manchego cheese - I actually could have done with more cheese, as the umami sets off the earthy mushrooms well.

Finally, molten chocolate cake with blood orange ice cream, ordered on the basis of that ice cream alone. Unfortunately, it really was not very distinguishable from orange sherbet when it arrived. Perhaps if it had been a sorbet. It didn't have the strong dark flavor I associate with blood orange...I think I was really hoping for a sorbet, with a cleaner taste. The cake itself was good, very dense and very rich. Also came out very hot - I almost burned my tongue.

In the end, I'm happy about this recommendation. I like being able to try lots of things, that ceviche was dynamite, and my waiter was very helpful as well. Very good experience.
Yes!

The Octupus was the best I ever had.  Top notch tapas.  The service was friendly and professional.  It is worth the trip, and worth the money.
This place could have been great rather than just ok. The idea of a Spanish tapas bar in Vegas sounds like a perfect match when thinking of the energy, flavors and style of tapas dining. However, considering all the great fancy fused dining options in Vegas that already look like this place, they should have spent more time on making the food tasty and giving diners an authentic taste/experience in a cool modern Spanish setting than just making the plating look pretty in a non descript space.
The decor is generic and way too effin' noisy, but the food is wonderful.
I had a roasted salmon tapas dish with truffle something ... divine. I also had a cheese plate so exquisite it caused me to moan out loud. My companions had a bunch of different things that were delicious as well, but to be frank I was in such a stupor over my La Serena soft sheep's milk cheese that the roof could have fallen in and I wouldn't have noticed.
Top notch modern Spanish tapas served in a very cool, contemporary setting.

The food combines the traditional flavors with just the right amount of modern, molecular gastronomy to keep it cool and fresh.  After several visits, these are my favorites:

Ceviches.  Excellent.  Both (white fish and mixed seafood that adds shrimp and octopus) are near perfect.  The seafood is extremely fresh, peppers and onions still retain their crunch, and the lime juice adds a bright finish without being overpowering.

Angulas (baby eels).  The slight brininess of the eels blends perfectly with the garlic and chili oil that they are served in.  If hundreds of eyes looking up at your from your fork is a problem, skip this dish.

Incredible ham.  The serano is good but the imported pata negra is much better.  A real treat although I would prefer that no sauces or accompaniments be served with it.  Why mask a good thing?

Paellas.  How can you not love chicken, rabbit, and chorizo rice or calamari, shrimp, mussels and monkfish.  All the proteins are cooked perfectly and deeply flavor the saffron rice.  Plan ahead if you want to enjoy the paellas.  They all take about 30 minutes to prepare.

Service is excellent.

The wine list is extensive with a lot of choices from Spain which pair nicely with the food.  Prices are fair by Vegas standards.
Don't get overwhelmed by the endless amount of yummy tapas that Julian Serrano has to offer. Everything on the menu is delicious!! Here is a quick rundown of the different things I had and their individual star rating.

1. Lobster-pineapple skewer -  lobster tail with pineapple and covered with sesame oil - Star Rating * *

2. Seared scallop in a romesco sauce - Star Rating * * * 

3. Sauted baby spinach with pine nuts, raisins, apples, and shallots - Star Rating * * * * 

4. Marinated olives - Star Rating * * 

5. Pintxo de chorizos, which are mini spanish pork chorizo over garlic mashed potatoes in a garlic sauce - Star Rating * * * * * 

6. Beef and cheese - prime tenderloin topped with cheese, honey, and pecans - Star Rating * * * * 

7. Grilled angus flat iron steak with japanese eggplant and a mushroom demi - Star Rating * * * * *

8. Red Wine Sangria - Star Rating * * * * * 

Again, I think anything you get here will be delicious. And if it's not, it's okay. Tapas are small plates that you share, so just pawn it off to someone else and dig into the next dish.
I can almost blame my gf for going here. ;)  When I said "I think I'm going back to Todd English's place" she said "um, again!?"

Whilst walking toward it I saw this gleaming beautiful restaurant at Aria, looked at the menu and decided to try it.  I should have checked yelp first, though.

The waitstaff was very nice and the service was prompt.  So I guess the design, decor and waitstaff are about the best things about this place.  I mean ... I know Serrano's reputation ... so ... what the hell.

The "marinated" olives were ... what ... marinated in friggin' olive oil?  I think anyone could do that.  They were bland.  The chicken croquetas were ... equally bland.  I started to wonder if the chefs were opposed to using any seasoning.  Then the albondigas came out and ... well ... equally as bland.

About three quarters of the way through one of the waitstaff asked if everything was good and I asked if the chef had salt or pepper in the pantry.  With one bite left -- yes, I ate everything as it was my first meal of the day -- they begrudgingly brought salt and pepper to my table.

The server told the manager what I'd said and he came over and in essence said "Everyone loves this place; there's no way it could be bland."  Since I had my macbook pro open -- as I was editing photos from an assignment -- I showed him his yelp rating and the fact at least half of the people felt the same way I did.  He still stuck to his guns.

I was like, "Cool, bro, I'm not the only one who feels this way."

Unless this chef gets chewed out by Serrano and is told/taught how to season food I wouldn't be charmed into this place by decor alone.

Not only ... I'm totally checking yelp next time before venturing in somewhere shiny and pretty.

This place is a total pass for me.

Perhaps they should put salt and pepper on the tables?
great idea to have small portions of everything and to share with everyone else on the table.
waitstaff was great, although we had to wait for our table- and we had reservations- but the food and drink was worth it, loved the salmon with truffle- melt in your mouth salmon and the chewy portabello underneath was a great compliment and the pintxo de chorizo was heavenly. when we go back to vegas, i'm bringing the family!
What's a girl to do?  Eric R. had some friends in town staying at Aria - they told us to come around 8:45 or 9, but they HAD to be at XS between 10:30 and 11 to line jump into the club.  A Friday night, on the strip, and a quick dinner?  Sounds like Mission: Impossible!

Well, I had done some yelp-homework driving over and read a few reviews from yelpers I trust, and figured we might get into Julian Serrano fast and have a decent meal.  Everyone on yelp said potatoes bravas but my weird fiance dislikes potatoes so we did not go for that.

We got in fast (they said 15 minute wait, it was 5), and our server was really quick and friendly.  The two friends ordered entrees (lamb chops and chicken breast) but Eric R. and I opted for tapas.  We shared the calamari a la plancha with caramelized onions (definitely one of my faves), the frisee-smoked salmon-anchovy salad (was okay), the ahi tuna cones (too mayo-y and nothing special), and the duck confit with orange (also a fave).  Eric ordered the pizza special and the lobster-pineapple skewers for himself.  He seemed surprised that I didn't want ceviche, but I ordered to share and he doesn't like ceviche.  Plus he ate more than me anyway with his own 2 tapas.

We also split a pitcher of Sangria ($44, much higher than off the strip of course) but it was about 1.5 glasses per person for $11 each rather than 1 for $9 each, so it seemed to be a good deal.  Overall, it was pricey and okay, the service was good, but we don't plan to return.
Had dinner here with a good friend.  Have always passed this by on prior visits to Aria and never gave it a 2nd thought.  When he suggested Tapas for dinner, I was excited to give this joint a try.

The menu isn't as extensive as other Tapas restaurants, but the quality is exceptional.  We ordered:

- Brava Potatoes (Spicy Tomato, Alioli Sauce, $8)
- Creamy Risotto (Wild Mushroom, Manchego Cheese, Natural Jus, $10)
- Pan Tomate (Toasted Bread, Fresh Garlic, Tomato Sauce, $6)
- Spanish Tortilla (Potatoes, Eggs, Onions, $8)
- Stuffed Piquillo Peppers (Goat Cheese, Mushrooms, $10)
- Stuffed Dates (Almond, Applewood Bacon, Spicy Piquillo Pepper Sauce, $8)
- Buuelos (Spanish Doughnuts, Butterscotch, Caramel, $8)

The Brava Potatoes were OK.  They had good flavor, but were very filling.  I don't recommend having this if you want to try more than a couple of items....this is a gut-buster.

The Creamy Risotto was awesome!  I finished it off in no time.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=lMySncNeWzMMnVjutvUdYw

The Pan Tomate was pretty good....an excellent start for the meal.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=GGXY6sUnEQD0-tlpUFHM_w

The Stuffed Piquillo Peppers were my favorite...yum!  They cooked just right and the sweet and savory flavor of the Peppers went perfectly with the Goat Cheese and Mushrooms.  I could eat a large plate of those, easily.

My friend had the Stuffed Dates and the Spanish Tortilla.  He enjoyed both of them.

The other highlight of my evening was the Buuelos.....damn, these were good!  The Caramel Butterscotch dipping sauce went perfectly with the Spanish Doughnuts.  I love how they have the toothpicks for easy dipping/eating.  They are addicting too because I can't get my mind off of them.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_w5hBpkjHs5_Hv3pLeHtIw?select=6365pbJb9_eE-Hj_kxdMtw

Overall, it was a great meal and good times.

Return Factor - 90%
Meh.  This was a culinary let down.  I'm a fan of Tapas and here is what I thought.  Pretty expensive for what you get and really nothing that special.

Nice staff and atmosphere - hip, fun
Stuffed dates - fry oil past it's prime ?
Lamb Chop - Very Fatty, half raw.
Lobster Salad - really good.
Olives - they're olives.
White anchovy - very salty
Potato/Onion Gratin - so salty it was stupid

So, not so amazing.  I think Serrano of Picasso fame is a great chef, but Serrano was just average Tapas.
I am a big fan of Tapas. Having been to Spain a number of times I am somewhat of a Tapas-snob, if you will. I wanted to try this restaurant because, well...it's a Julian Serrano! And it was in the new city center where my friends and I wanted to be. The ambiance left something to be desired. It was an open plan and open to the "mall" or whatever you call the Aria lobby. It almost gave off the feeling of a food court. And when you're paying top dollar for tapas, you want an ambiance. But regardless, the sangria was perfect, not too sweet and had the perfect balance of wine and fruit. The lobster gaspacho is so delicious, but I wish the bowl was bigger. With the gaspacho came an egg that may have been dipped in liquid nitrogen. It was exquisite. We also tried the patatas bravas, which were good and pretty much one of the only traditional things on the menu. I also had the tuna cones, which were fantastic and the lobster with molecular pineapple. This was my first experience with molecular gastronomy. I will say it was definitely interesting. The pineapple ended up having the texture of polenta. Overall the food was good but with the decor and pricing, I expected more.
Was there on a Friday night with some out of town friends.  Just came back from the M Hotel on the outskirts and then headed here.  Reservation was at 9pm which was fine.

Arrived, they walked us through to the back of the restaurant near a huge wall display.  Told the waiter it was our first time here and he guided us through the tapas and made suggestions.  We settled on about 5-6 various tapas with a bottle of Champagne.  Wonderfully done.  Service was prompt, as soon as one plate was empty it was cleared and the next tapas brought to the table.  Glasses were kept filled as they should have been and we didnt have to do a thing.  Wonderful.

Main course came, we ordered two variations of paella, one traditional and one with lobster.  Along with this a lovely Rioja that just fit together very well with the food.  One thing that amazed me, either time passed very slowly with the appetizers or we went into time warp but the paella came out quickly.   Couldnt have been more than 15 minutes, and the restaurant was full.

One thing I do remember was the bathroom.  Nice music inside, clean and as it should be.  I was impressed, and if I'm impressed with the bathroom, imagine how the restaurant is.

Really well put together place.  Waiters and waitress' did an excellent job at guiding us through the evening.  Somebody knew how to run a restaurant.  Hope that its the same when I go back for another visit.
A whole new take on tapas -- some mini- masterpieces here. Highly recommend the chicken croquettes,  beef and cheese.  The lobster and pineapple was a bit out of balance -- lobster overpowered by a tangy pineapple aspic .... chocolate souffle and apple blossoms excellent.
This was my first real "tapas" dining experience and probably will be my last.

I knew tapas were small plates and meant for sharing...but um, what is there to share?  Unless you're here for a snack or on a really strict diet, it may not be a good choice if you're hungry.  The 3 Stars is not just for SMALLER than normal portions, but the lack in flavor of some of the Tapas.

1.  Bacon wrapped stuffed dates:  1 star.  Isn't the bacon supposed to be salty to contrast the sweet date?  The whole thing was just too sweet and bacon was burnt and had no saltiness. 

2.  Pork Belly:  1 Star.  Not really pork belly, just a piece of roast pork.  One bite and it was all gone.  Nothing spectacular.

3.  Lobster skewers: 1 Star.  Just skip it. trust me.

Fortunately, there was a light at the end of the Tapas tunnel.  We decided to order the Mixed Paella and it turned out to be delicious!  It was one of the best paellas I've ever had.  For $50, enough to share...or feed one hungry person.

Also, I have to give stars to the service.  This place had really good service and the Sommelier was very knowledgeable and made really great suggestions for wine pairings.
Seeing as the pub next door had a line of 500 for nickel PBR's, and Beso seated their last table 20 minutes prior, tapas seemed like the most appropriate choice for a 10:30PM dinner.  Besides, without any walls, who could resist looking in and admiring the millions of colorful little mosaic pieces that tiled the floors and columns?  Absolutely stunning. 

Service was attentive.  The host at the door smiled sincerely.  The waiter greeted us with a courteous grin - serious, yet gentle. 

Sangria was sampled, and the red was chosen.  The white offered friendly flavors, sweet for those who cringe at the bitters from reds.  However, the red stood bold, while embracing the sweets of the fruits.  It was just a beautiful mixture of character and quality.

Raspberry Tuna. Amazing.  Visually, you acknowledge two cubes of the deep, dark shades of red.  One cube has four sides rolled in a mixture of toasted black and white sesame seeds.  The other cube, skewered and stacked elegantly on top, had a gentle dash of pixie dust (otherwise known as wasabi powder).  Gently lift the skewer, but careful not to let it rip through the cubes... The raspberry cube instantly melts - velvety and smooth - offering tart flavors to the subtle tuna and sesame seeds. 

Garlic shrimp - another winner.  Chorizo and mashed potatoes - perfect for a pre-going out item.  I have yet to try the paella - perhaps when I go with a party of 12.  

My advice: try everything on the menu.
This place fits the atmosphere. Anyone rating anything lower must be a Tapas fanatic. Anyways, every order was great. If your going to hit any club after this is the type of place that won't give you the food coma. You can't go wrong with any thing you choose here i think. Like what i said about the atmosphere, i feel the same about price. If your going to worry abour price, then maybe hit up the cafe, not in aria, somewhere else. Price is going to be high, but what can you expect. 

Ever saw that movie "get him to the greek" and remember what Ditty said about vegas? well yeah, if you know it, then accept it and enjoy the ride. 

But yeah, this place is what it is. Enjoy the food, cause not only are you in vegas, but the quality fits the price. The pork belly was to die for. The seafood dishes i had were perfect with spice. Finally the only regret i had was i didn't take pictures cause presentation was the best. Coming back for sure.
Came here with a group of friends (4 people total). Started off with a mojito (was standard) and my friend got the ginger pear julep, which was pretty good, a little on the sweet side. Note that this restaurant is not traditional in the sense that it isn't in an enclosed area but rather just an open spot in the Aria, a beautiful hotel. 

Stand outs for the night included the creamy risotto (this one went SUPER fast), steamed mussels (delicious and you get a lot), flat calamari (whole calamari, not diced or cut up), the huevos estrellados (fries with the chorizo and egg, very good), and the tuna cones. 

Downers were the brava potatoes (they were okay) and the white ceviche. 

All in all, a decent meal and a fair price (considering it was Las Vegas). Portions are a little small so make sure you ask for bread and use it to dip it into all the different types of dishes!
Julian Serrano is considered a fine dining restaurant, but the restaurant's location is in an open area of the ARIA Hotel, seemed to me more like a casual environment. The dcor is lovely and modern, but doesn't have that Spanish Tapas feel. The wait staff is very prompt and courteous. For a party of 4, we pre-order the Mixed Paella, which required 35 minutes to prepare. So we indulged on a couple of pitchers of Mojitos. It didn't take too long before our Paella arrived. 

Entrees: 
Steamed Mussels, steamed in shallot and garlic, brandy, natural jus. Broth was full of flavor, just wished we had bread to soak it all up (wasn't offered). 

Brava Potatoes, covered with spicy tomatoes and aioli sauce. Spicy with a kick! 

Mixed Paella with lobster, mussels, chicken, Spanish pork chorizo, vegetables and saffron rice. The rice was a little under cooked. Lots of ingredients but lack the saffron flavor, which makes a good paella dish. 

OVERALL EXPERIENCE: Not your norm tapas place. I'm used to tapas places with the Spanish flare, fun dcor and loud (the louder the better!). A bit pricey, but that's what you pay to get the Vegas feel. Portions were small.  I guess my search continues to find the best tapas place in Vegas.
"mmmm!" i LOVE tapas and this place is awesome! I especially adore the atmosphere, not too fancy fancy, but not too casual either; just perfectly sweet.  I went here for dinner to celebrate one of my best friend's 30th birthday.  It's definitely fun to share a pitcher of sangria while sharing a bunch of yummy small plates.

Here's what we ordered; well the only ones I remember since I Yelped a couple weeks too late.  But if I remembered them, they're good!

- Lobster Salad: a small serving but worth every bite!  We all loved it!
-Tuna Cones: I love  tuna and I love avocado.  The cucumber makes this plate taste really fresh.  This dish is delish!
-Salmon Truffle: This dish was my most favorite.  I love truffle; the taste of mushrooms paired with Salmon in this plate is a perfect match.  It's like luxury in your mouth; mouth watering - GOOD!
-Cheese platter: everything on this plate is yum if you love cheese like me and my girls do

I think this place is great if you're unsure of what to eat because you have a variety on the menu to choose from and it's always fun having a lot of things to share; either with friends, or your significant other.  Tapas is always fun to eat!
The tapas here were full of flavor. Mussels were great, shrimp skewer eh, ok. The pork beef Fois GRAS was great... The best was the service and the sommelier Desi is really good. He's a level three som, which shows the knowledge and just follow his suggestions, trust me I'm a som, the wines are good.
AMAZING lunch here!  We had Brava Potatoes (with a tomato sauce and aioli), Gambas (shrimp in garlic butter and chilis), chorizo with garlic mashed potatoes, serrano ham, and chicken chirondon (served with a tomato sauce and fresh rosemary sprig).  I had a white sangria, my husband had a delicious Pinot, and our daughter had a virgin sangria - all really good.    The most innovative tapa was the lobster & "molecular" pineapple skewers - yummy.  Dessert was to die for:  I had churros with a spicy hot chocolate dipping sauce, and our daughter had a molten chocolate orange cake.  The presentation was beautiful, and the service was attentive. 

We've had tapas in Toronto, Boston, Mission Viejo, CA and Mojacar, Spain, and this is ranks up there with the best. 

An added plus: make sure you use the restroom for Spanish lessons while you do whatever you're doing in there (the Men's, I'm told, has a racier bent).
Best place we ate at in Las Vegas.  The food was amazing.  The service was terrific.  We had an issue with one of our tapas being late to the table, without any prompting, the waiter removed it from the bill.    Ever single dish was outstanding!
One of the best Topas resturants there! Great atmosphere inside the city center. A must have is the Paella! But I do not think I have had anything there that I didnt like!
Good $$$ food, but tiny tiny portions. Listen to your waiter when he says you should order at least 3-4 tapas per person. We shared:
Tuna tempura: 4/5 
Angus beef: 3/5 came out medium when we ordered medium rare, nothing special
Brava potatoes: 4/5 creamy and spiced sauce gave it a nice kick. 
Mixed paella: 3/5 seafood flavor is overwhelming! Lobster pieces are sufficient if you aren't that hungry.
For my last meal in Vegas, I wanted to try a place on the Strip owned by a "name" chef. And why not try a different cuisine out at the same time? When I came across Julian Serrano at the Aria, I knew this was the place to try. It is my first time trying out Spanish cuisine, not counting an Elite Event at Pintxo last year.

While the dinner entree menu is high priced, I found lunch here to be reasonably priced. Tapas are offered for lunch alongside items like sandwiches, salads and paellas which range from $10-$14.

The decor is Spanish with a lot of bold and bombastic colors. Yellow being dominant. It is an upscale restaurant, but it feels very inviting. Even though I was dressed casually, I felt comfortable here. Though this was at lunch. Not sure what the vibe at dinner is like here.

I had the seafood rice ($14) which is a paella that has calamari, mussels, shrimp and monkfish! It is served in an individual size skillet which I praise for presentation. The actual dish itself was okay. It was a little too salty. Probably from the stock. The saffron rice could have cooked a little longer. Tasted a bit firm. I did like all of the seafood and the green beans were fresh and crisp however.

I did also get a red sangria ($9) here. It is good, albeit a little pricey. The  drink was filled with orange and apple slices. It is a good addition to your meal.

Overall, I like Julian Serrano more than I dislike it. Seemed like the dish that I had was not executed as well as I would have liked. Still the lunch menu here is worth checking out for moderately priced eats.
GREAT lunch at Julian Serrano..me and my fiancee's last meal before leaving LV. Every single thing we put into our gaping maws we loved......lobster gazpacho, goat cheese-stuffed piquillo peppers, fried potatos with chorizo and fried eggs, seafood-saffron rice, bread with tomato and machego cheese, tuna/raspberry skewers, lobster/pineapple skewers....I definetily want to come back for dinner when they have a more extensive menu. The pitcher of sangria we got was $$$$ at 44 bucks, but it was huuuuugge. Service was very good and our server made good recommendations.
We recently celebrated a 40th birthday with 18 friends for dinner at Julian Serrano.  Everyone loved the food, Sangria, and the service.  We couldn't have been happier, and we'd highly recommend this restaurant for a similar event.
I was pleasantly surprised by Julian Serrano.  The 9 of us went for dinner on Saturday night and it was pretty packed.  The service was excellent and very proper which I loved.

To drink, I had the Manzana Delizioso and it was so delicious!  Not too sweet, fresh apple taste.

To eat, we had:

Mixed Seafood Ceviche: really good.  Seafood was fresh and the flavors were excellent.
Meat and Cheese: piece of perfectly cooked medium rare soft tenderloin and a slice of brie cheese atop a slice of baguette.  Delish!
Mushroom Risotto:  cooked al dente.  This was good but it didn't blow me out of the water.
Fried Calamari: calamari could have been bigger.  I felt like I was mostly eating fried batter.  The roasted pepper sauce was good but not great.
Bacon Wrapped Dates: I've had this dish tons of times before and I sometimes even make it at home but this wasn't very good here.  I think it was mainly because it was fried.  I had never had this dish fried but I didn't think it added anything to it.  As the matter of fact, the fried aspect brought this dish down.
Crispy Pancetta:  pork belly with molecular mozzarella with a shot glass of pea puree.  I wasn't impressed by this dish at all.  I didn't get the whole molecular mozzarella especially because I didn't think it added much to the dish.  You can barely taste it.  The pea puree?  Eh, it wasn't great either.  I just didn't think the components of this dish came together well.
Black Rice: undercooked.  The seafood in it was good but the rice was hard.  Wouldn't order this again.
Brava Potatoes:  cubes of cooked potato with some type of sauce on it.  Underwhelming.

I give this place 3 stars because it's ok but not great but I would still go back for a pre-partying dinner.  It's nice because you can get a bunch of dishes and share and not get too stuffed.  Oh yeah, and I really appreciated their great service! :)
My first night back in Vegas, we decided to grab a quick bite and were not disappointed. I love food, with a passion. I consider myself well versed in most countries offerings,  but Spanish tapas are still an unknown territory for me. I'll eat anything delicious and left the ordering to my more experienced dinner date.

Baby eels, yes, baby eels. I love baby eels now. Tender, juicy, full of flavor. Wish I could get some baby eels right now. 

Yes the plates are small, but that's the beauty of tapas. You order several plates and share. The chefs did a great good of bringing out the natural flavors in all our choices and the champagne pairing we chose with the help of our knowledgeable waiter made it a perfect meal to start out our stay at Aria. 

A table close by ordered the Lobster Paella, that is NOT a small plate. And it smelled AMAZING! I will be be back!
I came here just a few weeks ago with my best friend and her family, and we were stayed at Aria. When she said we were eating at a tapas restaurant, I wasn't that excited because I had never really tried anything like it, and it didn't sound appetizing. 

Boy was I wrong! Although plates weren't main course-sized, the tastes weren't anything short of spectacular. We ordered so much food I thought they would never stop bringing out plates! Ahi tuna tempura, tuna-raspberry skewer, crispy pancetta iberica, tuna cones, fried calamari, salmon with truffle, creamy risotto....we ordered it all! 

Everything was so delicious and fresh with flavor. The portions turned out to be just right so you could try a little bit of everything and I admit I got two plates of the risotto! The service was impeccable, with waiters left and right, always ready to re-fill your glasses, clear your plates and bring you more dishes. It is a little pricey and I won't mention what our bill total came to, but I definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone!!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!  
I make sure I stop here at least once with every visit.
Favorites:
Ahi Tuna Tempura--    I'm not a big fan of Tempura, but this is off the charts. Finely breaded, then like a sheet of paper... pure excellence.
Tuna-Rasberry Skewer-  what amazing combination of flavors- pops in your mouth--  muah!!
Ceviches--all of them are amazing--   same level as "La Mar".
Fresh Calamari a la Plancha--  so fresh!
Brava Potatoes--classic Spanish appetizer-  watch out-  you'll want to eat the entire bowl. 
Grilled Angus Flat Iron Steak--  this is  so good!
So, next time you're in Vegas--go to the Aria Hotel and check out Julian Serrano-- you won't be disapointed.
Oh yeah,  try the drunken cherry drink--   amazing!!
I had the pleasure of dining at Julian Serrano 2 nights in a row during my recent trip to Vegas. We didn't have reservations either time but found quick and easy seating, with friendly and attentive service, at the bar. 

Night 1 we stopped in for tapas and drinks. We ordered the mixed seafood ceviche (I could have eaten a bucket full of that stuff), the tuna-raspberry skewer (beautiful, tender, melt-in-your-mouth tuna), and the seared scallops (perfectly cooked). Everything was very fresh, very flavorful, and absolutely delicious. I also enjoyed the tasty red sangria. 

Night 2 we were tired of paying Vegas food prices and decided that $45 paella for 2 sounded perfect. We started with a lovely Mediterranean bass. I almost licked the remaining tomato confit off the plate. Then came our "marinera" paella and, unfortunately, it was quite underwhelming. All of the individual ingredients were certainly fresh-tasting but the dish itself was under-seasoned and bland. Very disappointing.

I highly recommend Julian Serrano for the tapas and I hope to try a different "platos grande" another time.
What I had:

* Spanish Tortilla (potatoes | eggs | onion)
* Brava Potatoes (spicy tomato | alioli sauce)
* Paella Valenciana (chicken | rabbit | spanish pork chorizo | vegetables | saffron rice)

What better place for Tapas than Julian Serrano...Bummer....No Julian Serrano here in CA...Me and my friend loved this place...Everything was great, service, promptness, quality of food...

Paella Valenciana: I haven't had rabbit for a long time and the texture of the meat was cooked to perfection...

The Spanish Tortilla: though it sounds pretty simple is the perfect timing to cook its 3 ingredients, the result an amazing product...

Brava Potatoes: Out of this world...

I did not have dessert since I was pretty full, but I bet you it was going to be as awesome as the food...

Looking forward to go back to Vegas...
I really wanted to eat at Sage again (my favorite restaurant in Vegas) but found out there were closed on Sundays.  Luckily, Julian Serrano is just a couple steps away.   I love Julian Serrano.  I never thought I would say that, especially because I wasn't too impressed by his other restaurant, Picasso at the Bellagio. 

I have dined here a handful of times and I've enjoyed every meal here.  I think my boyfriend and I have almost ordered every item on the menu.  You can't go wrong with any of the tapas.  They're all tasty and delicious.   

I love the lobster gazpacho.  Its so refreshing and the lobster is cooked perfectly.  The seared scallop with romesco sauce is to die for.  I eat this dish all by myself.  The scallop just melts in your mouth.  But my favorite tapa has to be the albondigas (beef and pork meatballs).  I could eat that for breakfast, lunch, and dinner- its that good.  I don't think I could ever get tired of eating that.  The paellas are also very delicious and filling.  Like I said, you can't go wrong with any dish here.  Come with a large group so you can try it all.  Oh, and the pitchers of sangria aren't bad either.
My parents go to Vegas all the time and have been raving about Julian Serrano for months. If I trust anyone's opinion about good food, it's my theirs, so I decided to give it a try. 

Oh. My. Gosh. This place is amazing.

We arrived for our reservation at 9 and were promptly greeted and seated in the beautiful dining room. The lighting was perfect, and it felt open and airy yet cozy and comfortable. And the chairs were so comfortable - I could have stayed there all night.

Anyway. Onto the food. I'm a huge fan of tapas in general. I think it's so nice to be able to order several small plates and have a taste of them all. It feels relaxed and comfortable to share food with friends and family and get to ooh and ahh over the same stuff. Plus, there's no awkward lingering jealousy when someone gets a perfectly cooked steak and you just ordered overcooked chicken. Not that anything was overcooked at Julian Serrano. Quite the contrary. Everything was cooked to perfection.

Here's what we had - complete with letter grades:

Seared Scallops and Romesco Sauce: A+
The scallops were to die for. Melted in my mouth. They were naturally sweet and paired brilliantly with the romesco sauce. Probably the best scallops I've had - and I eat a lot of scallops. I can never turn down scallops.

Pork Belly, Petit Pois Puree and Molecular Mozzarella: A
Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned. The cold pea soup offered nice contrast. (I hate saying things like that.)

Duck Leg, Orange Sauce and Fresh Orange: A
I sound like a broken record, but perfectly cooked and seasoned. Delicious.

Wild Mushroom Risotto, Manchego Cheese and Natural Jus A-
Creamy and flavorful. I scraped the plate shamelessly.

Mini Spanish Pork Chorizos, Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Garlic Sauce: B+
These were great and had they not been served on the same table as the pork, duck and scallops I'd probably remember them more clearly. 

I think we also had black rice, but I didn't care for it too much (FYI - it was my dad's favorite, so don't not order it on my account!)

I also had the sangria - they add brandy to theirs so it has a great depth to it. I'm no sangria expert, but I'd order theirs anytime.
We weren't too hungry, so this place was perfect. Got to try a few different things. 

Calamari (sauted) - my favorite. I WILL be back for this!!!
Ahi tempura - only 2 pieces but good
White ceviche - good size, refreshing  
Salmon with truffle oil - good size, different, 
Flat iron steak - ok, but I'm not a big fan of steak. 
Almond cake - good, nothing amazing... I should have tried the sweets across the way :(
I've been there twice on my recent trip to Vegas. Very, very good food. Everything was extremely tasty. The waiters are a bit condescending and cold, but they are knowledgeable. 
Portions are even smaller than you would expect, but really good. I will go back for sure.
Mmm. Firefly to the tenth power. Food came out bangin'. To begin we ordered the stuffed dates, some of the lightly breaded calamari, pan y manchego cheese, paella and I believe braised mussels. Definitely one of the best food experiences I've had since moving here. Paella was delicious. It came out hot, with a lobster claw and a ginormous prawn for the "Mixed Paella" that was nice and tender. Service was on point -- filling our water when needed, divvying our paella, providing us with some bread when we needed to sop up some mussel juice even. Service wasn't too obtrusive and dispite being a little secluded in the back corner (it was by choice as I wanted for me and the date to have a little privacy) came by frequently enough to check up on us when needed. 

Oh and all that seafood paired with the light, crisp white wine sangria just made my mouth melt. I wanted a pitcher. But watch out tho' folks, just like any well prepared, crazy yummy, addictive sangria, this one is a creeper drink. Talk about the perfect libation to cool off that stifling Los Wages heat. Definitely enough to get that party started.. When it was all said and done we were so full we passed up dessert.

One *very* minor knock though is the restaurant's casual ambiance. While I knew it was a fairly laid back spot with it's open air setting I expected at least a few secluded areas with more private dining where I didn't have to hear the adjacent table's conversation.. or visa versa. But so what, it may not be an incredibly romantic spot but the great food, white wine sangria and service left me wanting to come back for more, date in tow or not.
Overall, a good experience, but wouldn't go back. 

The good- takes reservations, helpful waiter, pretty fast service, decent food, and splits the bill 5 ways with 5 credit cards.  The bad- it ate my wallet, inside and out.  serving size is ok to share, and ok to not share.

What we ordered: 
lobster salad- decent.  not too special
crispy pancetta iberica- pork was excellent (nice and fatty), but pee puree on the side was nasty.
white ceviche- excellent job with this.  the only thing at the end was that it got super sour. 
mediterranean bass- nice and moist.  nothing too special about it, but they did a good job of it.
tuna cones- aesthetically pleasing to look at.  i don't really like avocado, but it was good to eat.  towards the end though, it got a little too rich and creamy. 
seared scallop- i've had better.  came out rubbery since it was a little overcooked.  don't order this.  only two pieces too!
pato confitado- my dish of the night.  duck was SUPER tender, SUPER moist.  the sauce was excellent.  a MUST-TRY.  
grilled angus flat-iron steak- just the regular.  don't bother wasting your time since you can get it practically anywhere.  
bacalao a la gabardina- battered fried fish.  nothing too special but the dipping sauce was good.
red sangria- couldn't really taste the fruit in there, but it was good.
virgin sangria- tasted like a dole fruit juice, but better.  had fresh strawberry puree in it.  

We ordered double of three dishes, but all this was enough to get us pretty full.  The desserts looked appetizing, but since we were in a happy place and out wallets already emptied out, we called it a meal.  Just...be prepared to spend $40-$50 per person at least if you're planning on eating this for a full on meal.  Enjoy!
Stuffed dates and peppers are AWESOME also love the lobster/ pineapple bites! Sangria is good not great. Great for a group!
I took a party of six to Julian Serrano for an early dinner on a Saturday.  We ordered twelve different tapas and four desserts and barely a crumb was left when we were done.  Here's a descripton of some of the tapas we tried:

--Calamari--Light and delicious!  The breading was light and the calamari was fresh and not chewy.

--Cheese plate--Everyone enjoyed trying the different cheeses-- the manchego and goat cheese were table favorites.

--Egg ravioli--This was unreal!  I have no idea how they put a poached egg wrapped in bacon inside of a fried phyllo shell, but it was fantastic.   Very mild taste.

--Spanish pizza (with sobrasada)--The crust was buttery and delicious and the toppings were a big hit.

--Mushroom risotto--This risotto was the tastiest I have ever had in the U.S.  

--Lobster and pineapple skewers--beautiful presentation and the lobster was very fresh

--Wilted baby spinach--I am not a big lover of spinach but this was delicious!

Our favorite dessert was the Spanish donuts with caramel dipping sauce.  We enjoyed the almond cake was well.

Our entire party enjoyed the dining experience.  We had great service, too.  I can't wait to go again!
So Sunday we were looking for something different. We decided to
this place out. Tapas in general were very good. The Paella was ok and the Red Sangria was flavourful. Compared to the tapas joint here in Maimi, we thoroughly enjoyed it.
Amazing! We went here for a Father's Day/My Bday dinner before going to a show. I wanted tapas and Julian Serrano delivered. 

We started with Pan Manchego (manchego cheese on bread with tomato and garlic sauce), Serrano ham, and the ahi tuna sticks. The tuna sticks were just ok. Then we ordered Seared Scallops (which were cooked to perfection - not overdone, and so sweet, like butter), pintxo de chorizos (chorizo sausage with mashed potatoes) - OK, camarones a la plancha (the shrimp head is the best!), sutffed dates - ok. We also ordered 3 other things - but my list is already too long. 

Then we ordered the almond cake and bunuelos (little donuts) for dessert.

The bunuelos came with a caramel sauce and our server said they would be good with the chocolate sauce that comes with the churros, so she brought a small bowl of that. It was a spicy chocolate sauce that was awesome!

Their red sangria was excellent, and our server's knowledge about Spanish wines came in handy. 

Overall, I had a great dinner here and would love to come back.
This place was great I loved the atmosphere the most.  We went with 2 friends and I had a great time.  The wait staff  was very nice.  Well now to the food.  The avocado roll with salmon was great it was light and refreshing. We had the octopus with potatoe and that was very nice it was very well seasoned and the octopus was very tender. The paella was so so I have had way better.  There was black rice with seafood and was very good. I would def go back again.
Great tapas and sangria
Meh, they definitely fall into the pretentious crowd and given that ARIA's giving their rooms away and they are right near check-in that makes them a bit silly. 

I came mid-day by myself and sat at the bar but service lagged while they talked to each other 3 feet away from me.

I really like the decor and the food options were interesting, but I was underwhelmed with what I got. I had a tuna-watermelon dish but could barely taste the tuna because the watermelon was so overwhelming. The riesling I paired with it may have been also to blame.
Who doesn't love Spanish tapas?

I came here with a group of 6 girls for a bachelorette party dinner, which the bride-to-be generously arranged for the bridesmaids. We had a long night ahead of us and knew we should eat, but didn't want to get too full and uncomfortable in our dresses, so tapas was perfect for the occasion. 

Everything we ordered was truly fabulous! The highlight I would have to say was the paella. Just thinking about it makes me hungry - they cooked a relatively thin layer of seafood infused rice in a traditional paella pan, and the bottom had a perfect crust when it came out. And paella is one of those dishes that are best when a tad (overly) salty with a strong seafood flavor. We ordered one pan and it was so delicious we had to order another one (which proved to be critical later on in the night).

The waitstaff is also very friendly and not pushy at all - he recommended we order a few dishes to start, and to add more later if needed.

Note this restaurant is located inside ARIA in an open space, so the tables are clustered around in the lobby area (it's not an enclosed restaurant, but there is a more concentrated area of tables with more privacy), so people may be walking by as you dine depending on where you're seated.

Overall, very much recommend this place for great food in a more casual environment.
Just another reason why I love the Aria (#1 reason- that vanilla smell!  Supposedly it's an aphrodisiac).  Julian Serrano's atmosphere is great- I wish I had taken a picture of the pretty trees all around the restaurant.  

And boy do I love tapas. Here's what we got (or at least what I remember)

Ahi Tuna Tempura with avo & mango salad and wasabi foam: The foam was a little strange to me but the ahi was delicious!

Grilled Angus Flat Iron Steak w/ Eggplant and mushroom demi: MM.  Possibly my favorite.  Super tender and the eggplant was bomb!

Salmon with Truffle:  Okay, wait, this one was my favorite.  The truffle sauce was a revelation... HAHA.

Tuna Cones: Hm, not bad...but I preferred the tuna tempura.

Chicken Chilindron: Pretty good, I didn't really like the combo of tomatoes, chicken and ham initially but after a few bites really warmed up to it.

Pan Manchego: Oh man, I may have to change my mind yet again because this was so freaking good.  Evolved bruschetta.

The server didn't know if bread was free or not, but gave it to us anyway and later found out it wasn't (but didn't charge us, win!).  Basically consumed my body weight in free bread, because man those tiny plates are hard on the wallet.
My friend is a bartender at the lobby bar  at Aria. He recommended julian serrano for a quick bite to eat. 

Here's my take:
Bartender (Primo?) - Awesome guy.
White Sangria - C.R.A.P...I would have spit it out but didn't want to
    waste the alcohol
Beef with Cheese - Really good.
Huevos Estrellados - wow. (Primo Says "in heaven, you get to swim in something like that !"
Excellent service! Awesome food!
The reason for the three stars - the service.  Horrific service!

We arrived at 3:30 pm, looking for a light snack as we were traveling with another couple who liked to take the afternoon in their room.  We were having dinner in a couple of hours at horrible Rio, so glad we stopped and enjoyed this meal.

When we finally got  a waiter, we ordered the bravas - incredibly excellent, the tuna cones - not bad needed more pepper, a mixed antipast sausage plate which had some spanish chorizo that just melted in my mouth.  I wanted seconds, thirds and fourths!

I also ordered a white sangria, not bad, very refreshing.
Hubby ordered the beer.  Here is where it starts to go downhill.

First waiter does not come to table for a solid 10 minutes.  They're all standing around talking.  The place was empty by the way.  
Second, had no clue what they had on tap.  Totally absimally clueless.
Brought over a menu of drinks, had to call him to come back after another 10 minutes went by!! 

We get our tapas, where the drinks?  After being halfway through our meal, we get my Sangria, no beer.
We finish the meal, no one ever comes back to the table to check to see how we're doing, refill the water, nothing. 

We ask for the check, a different waiter comes by and guess what - the beer is present.  So we ask for it to be removed we never got it.
After some scoffing and a 'what?, Well let me bring it to you now, its sitting on the bar".  Excuse me?  Its been there for at least 10 minutes.  You can keep it.

The two waiters now start arguiing and manager has to remove the drink.  We paid and actually thought of returning and sitting in the bar, but frankly were too tired to make the trek for bad service.

Great food though.
Beautiful place, great ambiance, excellent service. Everything I tried was great: White Ceviche, Croquetas, Marinated Olives, Pintxo Chorizos, Beef and Cheese. Got a pitcher of red sangra. The waiter seaid it would get us ~5 glasses but it was a lot more than that. My favorite: Pintxo Chirizos: I've been looking for this kind of Spanish Chorizo for a long time! The chocolate cake dessert was also great. Got my two long favorites, so I have to give 5-stars. :)
We had dinner at Julian Serrano on Sunday during the memorial day long weekend.  We arrived at around 7 without a reservation and the hostess was able to find us a table, which was great, because i was not too keen on sitting at the bar.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria right away, chicken paella.  Had the best Iberiberico (Spanish black pig) tapas, it was so yummy...soft and tender like wagyu, but not so fatty like wagyu.  The sangria was great...we ended up eating all the fruit inside the pitcher, which were wine soaked.  Besides the chicken paella and iberiberico tapas, we also got a couple other tapas, risotto with mushrooms and something else i cannot remember.  Dinner wasn't cheap, it came to $180 for 2 people, but we can't wait to go back the next time we're in Vegas.
We came to Julian Serrano for a close friend's  30th bday. Because we were going to a show after dinner, we had to eat kind of early (7pm so the place was not as busy as usual). The atmosphere is airy, open to the edge of the lobby and entrance from the Crystals shopping centre. The decor is very spanish- bright and vibrant colors.

We started with the sangria- which they offer in red or white. The drink goes down so smooth, so be careful if you don't want to get drunk. Definitely get a pitcher to share amongst a table before dinner.

Family style is the only way to go here-  we ordered tons of share plates and a large paella. Try to save room for dessert because the creme brle was unbelievable.

As with most places in Vegas, they have a great wine list. Bring your wine spectator skills and pick a bottle from their big collection.

Service was great- although we never had the same person come to our table ever. It was like they had an endless supply of staff and sent out a different one with every plate.

Price wise, it is decent for Vegas. Small plates are generally cheaper but can add up quickly.
Muy expensivo but awesome artisan desserts.   And the coffee.. one of the best I've ever sent between my lips...
In the land of tasty Vegas cuisine, Julian Serrano finished right smack in the middle of it all. While it wasn't remarkable, it was a fine meal overall. 

The Good: The decor is shiny and bright, servers are attentive and helpful and there's a fair amount of tapas to appease just about any palate. In particular, the calamari, stuffed dates, risotto were standouts. Portions were mostly averaged sized, some much more generous than others. 

The Meh: Like many tapas places, Julian Serrano can get really pricey if you're on the hungry side. I wasn't blown away by the sangria...it was fine but nothing I haven't experienced before. And a handful of the dishes we ordered were good, but not great (pork, ceviche). And while I did like the decor, the location of the restaurant definitely doesn't lend itself to any intimate date. It's smack dab in the middle of all the check in/check out action at Aria. 

If you looking to share a few small plates, have a drink with friends, this is a great place to check out. Don't expect to have an uber romantic experience, though!
I absolutely love this place! So many chefs claim to master Spanish cooking, but so few of them do it well. The food you will get here is authentically Spanish. The Paella Valenciana is EXCELLENT, cooked to perfection, with enough "socarra" (the burnt stuff on the bottom on the pan) to prove its authenticity. The Brava Potatoes (known as "patatas bravas") were done a bit differently than what you would be served in Madrid, but the taste was very similar. The creamy, garlic-y, tomato-y sauce was delicious. The lamb chops are also delicious and cooked to perfection, perfectly medium, with a jus that is salty and savory. Delicious! If you want to splurge on Serrano ham, go for the Pata Negra. It is the best of the best, and though it is very pricey - and portions are quite limited - you'll be able to taste the difference between that and the processed cured hams you get at the supermarket. The wine selection is also nice, and if you're going to dine here, you might as well pair your meal with Spanish wines, like a nice Rioja or any of their sangrias. I have been here several times, and plan on doing so in the future as well. It is one of the best new restaurants in town.
DO NOT get the Early Tasting Menu.  Each dish was pretty underwhelming.  By no means was it bad, but I was just expecting more.  

The saving grace of the meal was that my group also ordered the tuna/raspberry skewer.  Delicious!  Opt out of the tasting menu and get a bunch of these plates.  Yummy...
I fell in love with their egg ravioli. It's a warm little pastry puff with a runny egg yolk inside.  It's heavenly.  While I was enjoying this dish it took me solid 10 seconds to realize... how in the world is this possible?  I guess that's one of the mysteries in life.  The potatoes and chorizo on the side of a main dish were also very delicious.

The other tapas dishes were good, pretty much what you would expect.  Everyday we would pass by Julian Serrano in the hotel lobby and want to get the egg ravioli to-go.
This is the worst place we have EVER eaten!!!! That's all I have to say!
Wait one more thing YUCK! I just threw up a little in my mouth after that horrible meal! Stay away! Treat it as if you would get A rash just for eating there.
The place is beautiful. Depending on time of day and crowd, there is energy here. The waiters are excellent. The food...not that good! Perhaps they were having an off day, but everything was a little too delicately flavored for me. The Brava Potatoes are comparable to the Cheesy Fiesta Potatoes at Taco Bell (congratulations Taco Bell, I guess). And the mixed paella was a oil drenched rice with overcooked crab and lobster.
Food: Most of what we ordered was well-cooked and well-seasoned. Highlights include the gazpacho (light and refreshing), brava potatoes (tasty alioli sauce), egg ravioli (crunchy outside, subtle savory creamy inside), creamy risotto (very salty, but I like it), and churros (the chocolate sauce is very good). Other dishes such as salmon with truffle, garlic mussels, albondigas, and paella were also quite good. The only mildly dissapointing dish was the tuna-raspberry skewer, which had a little bit too much raspberry flavor.

Service: Friendly and attentive.

Ambience: Open to the casino, but not too loud. Decor is modern/trendy. It's a very nice place.

I'd give this place a 4.5 if I could.
Oops! This is a way overdue review...came to this place May 2010 with my boyfriend when we visited Aria for the first time. We were looking for a place to grab a bite and happened to pass by Julian Serrano.  We walked in and got seated right away.  We looked at their menu and weren't sure what to order, we ended up taking the waiter's suggestions.  We ordered:

*Avocado Cannelloni from their New Tapas menu. This dish from what I remember was seaweed with avocado for $14.

*Gambas shrimp from their Ceviches and Seafood menu for $12.  This dish had 4 pieces of sauteed shrimps, garlic and arbol chili.

When we got our dishes, my BF and I looked at each other surprised - our dishes were small and realized this place was an expensive place to eat.  Our food was delish and we loved both; but we walked out starving.

This place is a nice place if you have the money to spend, otherwise go elsewhere.  I'm sure you won't be disappointed with the food here, you're pretty much paying for the taste and presentation; you just have to be willing to spend you money on food.

I would go back here if I win some extra cash from gambling, otherwise i'm spending my money on food somewhere else where I can get fool off one meal =)
I had made a reservation and we were seated right away. The restaurant was very trendy. The seats looked way comfy however I was in a booth that velvety soft. The first plate was the Golden and Red Beets, can we say delicious!! Everything on that plate was paired perfectly even the sour lemon. Next we had the Lobster pineapple skewers and they were OK. I thought the pineapple was a little mushy not what I was expecting and I didn't really taste the lobster. I really hate having lobster in a dish and not taste it. The third plate was the Creamy risotto and that was decent. The flavor was on par with what I've had, but I don't think the risotto was cooked all the way through. Our final dish was the Conejo AK ajillo( rabbit w/ mash potatoes). It was dry for some of the pieces, but other pieces were good ( I hate to say it but it tasted like chicken). Anyway it's Vegas and the dinner was a very pleasant experience. I had great service all the way through the whole meal, some of the food could be better, but I liked my overall experience! OH and I had their sangria and I would recommend it. It was refreshingly yummy!
Since leaving Boston it's been difficult to find a good tapas place on the west coast.  Julian Serranos ends my search.  The food is excellent and   the service is fast and friendly.  Favorite dishes:  black pig pinxto, toritilla espanola, fresh calamari a la plancha, chicken croquetas, montado serrano, and the beef and cheese.
Pricey and/but yummy. 

We tried this place on a whim after giving the casino some money at the craps table. 

I spent 8 months in Spain, and a lot of the dishes here tasted very authentic! The patatas bravas were so good, and reminded me of the tapas bars in Salamanca!

The ahi tuna tempura was also very good, but it didn't go very far...probably too small of a portion if you ask me. 

We also had the fried calamari, which tasted very fresh and had just the right amount of spice. 

The service wasn't great (sat at the bar) and the prices are definitely high, but overall this is a nice place to grab a few apps before you go out.
Small tapas plates are good but pricey. I enjoyed the white fish ceviche, it was very good and just about right with the citrus. The seafood combo paella was not good, it was too salty and the lobster was bland and mushy as well. never going to order it again, not for $50. The huevos ranchero i believe was very good too. the small plates ranges from $5-$13. yum yum.
Don't do it. Way too expensive for the portions. Yes, it's tapas, but so tiny at $12 a plate. It should be more like $6-$9 even if it is swanky Las Vegas at the newest hotel. Plus, we found it odd that the food came out instantly. Clearly not made to order. After spending $100 here, we left hungry enough to go back upstairs to order room service.  There's better places to go. Don't be a sucker.
I like it.  I think they have a bit of molecular gastronomy going on with the tuna raspberry skewer where the tuna and raspberry are both in a cube.  But of course they also wrote "molecular" next to the dish.  I had the steak sandwich with fries and a shot of tomato gazpacho and for $12 or so it was a pretty good deal.  I like Aria and seen this place many times, too bad it took me a few times until I tried it.  Anyway I'm definitely coming back here for dinner.
When i write a review, I make sure to mention that I am not comparing this place against the universe of restaurants, but against its own expectation. That means that comparing this to Chili's would not be fare to either, I compare to what is advertised and expected. I also rate according to three variables: food, environment and service. However, the perfect food on a non-perfect environment could still deserve perfect ratings going inline with my  'expectations' guideline above. I do not rate pricing, the price influences the expectation. 

What you would expect: High end, gourmet tapas, smaller portions and priced accordingly, in a contemporary informal setup but at a Vegas prime resort. 

Service: I sat at the bar by myself on a business trip. The bar tender was super friendly, fare and sincere in his suggestions. Service was right on time. No complaints. Above Vegas service standards in my opinion.

Enviro: Its an open space facing the registration deck at the Aria casino, which has a beautiful architecture. Decoration is modern, and table setup is not too formal. Its a little loud when crowded and tables are set close to each other, so it is romantic but may be not "first date" romantic. I was wearing jeans and a jacket and felt perfectly fine. I saw people in slacks and sports jackets and people in dress shorts. All inline with the nice-but-not-so-formal.

Food: Here's where it wins. Yes. Portions are not big, but that does not matter. Flavors are artistic and sophisticated, perfectly made for my taste. I would lie to myself with anything less than 5 stars.
I tried the risotto, the lamb chop and the gambas and the three were among the best I have ever had.
This great Tapas restaurant is located at the beautiful Aria hotel, which is where I was staying this past weekend for a Bachelorette party. The restaurant was recommended by the Bachelorette who had eaten here during her last visit to Vegas. 

My cousin called Friday morning and we had no trouble making reservations for a Friday evening for 8 ladies. Once we arrived, they asked us to wait a couple minutes to get our table ready but were seated shortly after. 

Our waiter was friendly and explained the menu to us and how 2-3 plates per person should suffice. We each ordered 2 plates each and a pitcher of Sangria which was delicious and refreshing (it's also what knocked me out early for the evening!). Since some of the girls wanted the same thing, we ended up getting doubles of some. At the end of our meal we still had 2-3 plates of food so I'd definitely recommend only 2 plates per person. 

All in all, among the 8 of us we had:

Huevos Estrellados*
White Ceviche
Mixed Seafood Ceviche*
Gambas
Black Rice
Pinxto de Chorizos*
Coca Vegetarian 
Spanish Tortilla 

There might have been a few other plates but I forget now. Everything I tried was delicious and I love the idea of small plates because everyone is able to try. You also don't get sick of eating a big dish of something. 

I put stars next to my favorite dishes of the night. The Huevos Estrellados consisted of Fried Potatoes, Eggs, and Chorizo. The best part of this was breaking the yolk and it oozing over the whole dish. SO GOOD! The Mixed Seafood Ceviche contained Shrimp, Octopus, White Fish, Cilantro, and Lime Juice. This was a great dish to offset the fatty, savory dishes. The lime juice brightened up the flavors of the fresh seafood. Pinxto de Chorizos was Mini Pork Chorizo, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Garlic Sauce. Do I still need to elaborate on this dish? It's pork, garlic, pot, and more garlic! DELISH! 

Great and quick service, friendly service, delicious food, and a great time!
i was staying at aria and got a $50 dining credit through the promo i booked.. when deciding where to use the credit on i narrowed the choices to jean georges, sage, and julian serrano..my friend and i agreed to go to this place bc it's spanish and we could get american food any other time.. plus js had at least 3 desserts i wanted to try whereas the other choices had 1 dessert i wanted.. i have a huge sweet tooth so when it's up to me to pick a place desserts are the first thing i look at then entrees..

julian serrano is located near the lobby and the decor is nice..

after day drinking all day with not even a bite of food in my system, i had a headache from dehydration when dinner time rolled around so i was hungry but at the same time didn't feel like eating..

we were seated right away and ordered..
-lobster gazpacho: small but refreshing, wish there were more than 2 tiny lobster pcs that equaled the size of half my pinky
-avocado cannelloni: no salmon.. didn't the description say salmon? just a really salty seaweed salad stuffed inside avocado slices
-charcuterie: too much olive oil on top to make it super greasy and wasn't too tasty either
-albondigas: best dish out of everything.. there were about 5-6 small meatballs
-mixed paella: undercooked and wasn't that good.. my friend said nothing compares the paella in barcelona..
-santiago cake:almond cake with ice cream.. cake was dense but with a scoop a bit of ice cream with each bite and it was ok..

i originally wanted to order just the gazpacho, albondigas, 3 desserts but my friend was still drunk and wanted to order more.. i was fine with the paella pick and knew that'd be enough for the two of us but my friend kept wanting to listen to the waiter and order more tapas.. and what did we end up with? cannelloni and charcuterie we weren't going to order and didn't like at all.. 

i'd only come back to js to order the other two desserts i didnt get to try which were the churros and rice pudding..
After checking into the Aria Hotel, my BF and I were hungry for a snack so we decided to check out Julian Serrano's. After overlooking the menu, we were excited to eat some Spanish tapas!

We sat at the bar and immediately ordered a pitcher of the red sangria!

The bartender was very helpful in recommending some dishes for us to try. 

For those of you that have never been to a tapas restaurant, tapas are "small dishes" so you can order as many as you want so that you are not focused on eating one big main dish. 

Here is what we ended up ordering:

Goat Cheese Salad ( I love goat cheese and I really liked the hint of mint that accompanied the salad)

Ahi Tuna Tempura ( The wasabi foam that they served was good, not over powering but just wished it was a little more than just a dab)

Stuffed Piquillo Peppers ( with goat cheese and mushrooms....YUM!)

Roasted Marcona Almonds (Don't Bother ordering this)

Cheese Platter ( Cana De Cabra, Manchego, Cabrales, La Serena)

Spanish Charcuterie Platter ( Chorizo, Salchichon, Sobrasada, Lomo Embuchado) 

The Cheese and Meat platters were by far my favorite!

I will be visiting this place again on my next Vegas Trip!
Ok...hold on to your hat for this one! This last monday  I was sitting at the bar having dinner. The hostess trapped a spider in a cup put a lid on it and passed to the the appitizer chef who was working right in front of me.  It was horrible , they thought they were being funny  but the chef added some food to the cup and was planning a joke on someone...OMG i was appalled. I reluctanly ate and left for fear of what may happen to me if i said something.  This was just rediculous.  The bartender who waited on me was very nice thats the only plus.
Me and my crew rolled up here for a quick bite before a show.  We ended up not wanting to leave!  The tapas were perfectly prepared and each one was delightful.  Some of the best that I've ever had, even compared to Spain.

Our servers were friendly and helpful.  And the final bill was not even that bad for Vegas, about $50 a head.

I would definitely go back.
The food was amazing! We found this place because we used to go to Picasso at the Bellagio all the time, and the bartender that was always working there, Jason, transferred to Julian Serrano over at Aria. We still go to Picasso for drinks and the water show, but we had to stop by Julian Serrano to say hi to Jason, since he's bartending there now. We've gotten to know Jason over the last few years, and if you have a chance to stop in and say hi, he's a really great guy and one of the best, most knowledgeable, and most personable bartenders in Vegas! So go to Julian Serrano for dinner & drinks, and try some of the most amazing tapas food while you are there. We had a group of 10 for dinner and everyone at the table raved about the food. We ordered about 15 dishes off the menu and shared everything, and everything was seriously delicious! Tell Jason that "Brian from Chicago says he makes a great apple martini", and try one for yourself!
We went here for restaurant week lunch.  I guess I should have looked at the regular menu prior to eating here.  I thought they had regular sized entrees but what came out was tapas.  The menu they put up on the restaurant week web site should give some indication that tapas was what was being offered.  While the food tasted fine, I have never gone to a restaurant and left more hungry than when I arrived.  After lunch, two of my companions went to the coffee shop and the other bought a doughnut at the coffee stand.  None of the three are over 110 lbs and they left starving.  Frankly, while dining out, I cannot remember a time I felt more ripped off in my life and I eat out an average of 10 times a week.
steamed mussels - 5 stars!  The sauce was delicious but didn't taste guilty.

tuna cones - 4 stars! 1 is not going to seem like enough.  Presentation was lovely.

stuffed dates - meh.  I wouldn't order again.  The bacon was burnt.

montado serrano - meh.  Not bad, but seems like something you can probably make at home with the right ingredients.  

I had 2 of the manzanas which were dangerously delicious.  Refreshing and not headache sweet.
Discovered this place quite by accident, and glad we did. Each dish had a delicious twist on the traditional tapas menu and these unique additions really made the meal. (I'm talking foams and other molecular gastronomy type twists.)

Plenty of options for vegetarians, and the small plate style makes it easy to try a lot or a little. And save room for dessert, they had the best fruit (with sparkling wine foam) I've ever tasted.
We finally get to try this expensive tapas place thanks to restaurant week. 
Very impressive with the Avocado Cannelloni-beautiful presentation and the flavor was refreshing. Chicken Croquetas was deeped fried, bit crunch on the outside and super soft at the inside. 
I loved the stuffed Piquillo Peppers as well - very rich flavor. I have never imagined pairing Salmon and Truffle but both me and my friend were speechless by this dish. A tiny bit over baked but we love truffle. 
The main course was a bit too salty but the Pork Chop was perfectly done. Tender and beautiful pink color. Roasted chicken was again bit over baked to my taste and a little dry. 

Desert wasn't super impressive but the hot chocolate was interesting. 

I would love to try other stuff @ Julian Serrano again. So far this is my favorite tapas in Las Vegas as in creativity, presentation and flavor.
The boyfriend and I came back to this restaurant a year later because we were staying next door at Monte Carlo.  It was better than we remembered.  The Red Sangria was amazing with big pieces of fruits that we ended asking for a spoon and fishing it out of the pitcher to munch on.  We had the following and enjoyed every morsels.  --Cheese Platter with Fig, Pata Negra ham platter, Piquillo Peppers, Spanish tortilla and last but not least the churro and chocolate pot --  The services was excellent--attentive without being intrusive.   Julian Serrano is now a tradition to us and we will be back here everytime we are in Vegas.
The menu was exciting. The execution wasn't bad, but it didn't quite delight either. I had the truffled salmon with portobello which was outstanding. The wild mushroom soup with foie gras foam (sounds good, right - if you're a foodie you'd give this a try wouldn't you?) was just ok. The wilted spinach salad was fine - the usual baby spinach, pine nuts, pear chunk creation you'd expect and the '06 Rioja by the glass was pretty good too. The only tapa that failed was the charcuterie. I've had way better dried / cured pork delicacies in Spain, in San Francisco, and even in the Minneapolis airport ( I am not making this up ). The service was really good.  My waiter, Pedro, certainly earned his tip.  The Aria hotel is beautiful and well scented - it doesn't smell like Vegas at all. Overall, the meal a pleasant experience, but there was no chance that my toes were going to curl up uncontrollably from ecstacy  if you know what I mean.
A solid 3 star.

One of the  top specialty restaurants at Aria, a beautiful restaurant, there are some reasons it only got 3 stars from me.

For 2 people the tab was $145, 2 alcohol beverages, 7 tapas, including one big Plastos Grande, what sucked bad was we were still hungry after all those dishes... :( it never happened to me at any Spanish tapa restaurants in LA, honestly I was really a little surprised. The dishes were super tiny even for Spanish tapas... :(

Made reservation earlier, hubby asked for a more private booth in the corner, that was a nice comfy seat. our server was friendly, he asked if we have ever tried Spanish tapas, most of them are small dishes, Paellas and Plastos Grandes are bigger dishes, considered to be shared. after taking our drink orders, he gave us some time to decide what to order. 

Orders for 2 people:

Lemon drop martini, Double Patron Margarita : both are strong and yummy

Mixed baby romaine salad : flavorless
 
Fisherman's soup: OK
 
Tuna-raspberry skewer: flavorless 
 
Egg ravioli: flavorless
 
Monkfish and pisto : flavorless

Grilled angus flat iron steak : fairly delicious

Mariscada: the best dish we had, (lobster tail | head-on shrimp | scallop | mussels | clams | savory meringue), $35, the seafood in it was so fresh, very flavored but not salty.

Other dishes were all not salty, but totally flavorless, especially the monkfish and tuna. they actually tasted the same, considering tuna was raw, and monkfish was cooked. :( 

I suggest 2 ppl order at least 2 Plastos Grandes, ($30- $45 ), or 1 plastos Grande and 1 Paella ($40- $50),  plus at least 6 or 7 small tapas to have a satisfied full tummy after eating there.

The service was good but not great, and the ambiance was strange, people wear shorts, flip flaps, mixed with people wear suits and dresses, I couldn't figure out this was a casual dining place or top specialty dining place at Aria.... very odd indeed...  

Kinda disappointing dining experience there. :( Not going back for a very very long time....
Fabulous tapas restaurant inside the Aria. Couldnt decide on which dishes to try so opted for the lobster salad and the large seafood entree, the mariscada. Loved loved loved it. Tried a bit of the huevos estrellados and almost collapsed. The fried potatoes and chorizo combination was amazing. Cant wait to dine here again.
So, my friends & I came here after seeing some good reviews on Yelp. The restaurant itself is really nice. Since it's tapas, we ordered a bunch of stuff:

Stuffed piquillo peppers
Beef and cheese
Avocado cannelloni
Grilled angus flat iron steak
creamy risotto
traditional spanish chicken croquettes
Montana serrano
coca mallorquina
almond cake
molton cake

The best thing was the stuffed piquillo peppers! We could have had 5 plates of those, lol. The rest of the food was good, but nothing special (especially for the price). I'm glad we tried it, but we all agreed that we've had better tapas elsewhere.
Everything we had was presented beautifully and it tasted delicious.  There was not one grain on salt missing from any of the dishes.

We ordered:

Patatas bravas
Seafood Ceviche 
Porkloin skewers
Black rice 
Scallops

The ceviche was the best ceviche I've had in America.  It was almost, almost, as good as the authentic Peruvian ceviche.  Better than any Peruvian restaurant that I've ever been to here in the states. The only thing lacking was the heat (but I can understand why it's not). Other than that, it was perfect!

The patatas bravas were really good too. The spicy tomato sauce was really nice with a little spicy kick.

The black rice was so yummy...mmmhhhhh

The scallops were cooked perfectly and the romanesco sauce was one of the best I've ever had outside of Spain.

The Pork was also a winner.  The pork was juicy and expertly cooked.  

Overall, I really enjoyed my meal.  I left full and with a smile on my face.
This place is super cute but our server was an ass super rude and the service is slow
This place was fab.  I 've wanted to try julian serrano since they opened up here because I hear they are known for their service.  Service was wonderful, I forgot our waitress' name (I'll plug in later) but she was trained well, not overbearing, friendly enough and had a few recco's.  We came here foremost for the tuna raspberry pops we were drooling over.  Skewers with molecular raspberry and seared ahi with wasabi and sesame seed.  Such wonderful taste combo.  I can't really explain it.  We loved everything and when I commented that the tuna cones (crispy wonton) was clearly stale--I seriously did not like it--she quickly took it off the bill.  Wow thanks! 
We also had papas bravas, a tapas must have (for vegetarians, I now the real test is croquettas, but I've had enough to last me a life time) the spicy tomato sauce was soooo good and the "papas" were between al dente and cooked.  Stuffed dates need just a tad more testing before the perfect recipe comes out of the kitchen.  I love wht they werestuffed with (almonds, applewood bacon, spicy piquillo) but the date flavor overwhelmed the rest.  The steamed mussels with brandy were fresh and meaty and the pinxto de chorizos (mini pork chorizo with garlic mashed potatos) really hit the spot.  Tasted like comfort food.  I can't remember the wine, something red, was it a malbec? knowing us, probably but it came from the sommelier and was perfect.
Don't miss this restie if you dig tapas it has a great vibe.
I was very pleased by this place.  I came here with a friend for dinner, and we wanted to eat, but not stuff ourselves, and have a nice mix of flavors, but he was also on a low-carb diet.  It provided some great options for us.

The egg yolk ravioli were a lovely texture, creamy and crisp at the same time. Unctuous in the best possible way.  Really, these were for me, not the low carb person. The sauteed padron peppers were wonderful.  Mild with a little snap to the skin, and great salt on them. From the world of seafood, we got the gambas, the white ceviche, and the white anchovy filets.  The white anchovy was my favorite of these...if you haven't had Spanish anchovies, you should try them at least once... this isn't the over salted fish, but a rich, creamy flavor, with a touch of pickle.

The lamb chop was good, but I think the favorite of the night was the black pig pintxo.  That was a thin slice of heaven, and I'd have that again, despite the price.  All in all, it was what I wanted, though a touch on the pricey side, and I'll be back, especially if I want to eat light and have variety.
I don't give five stars out much; but when I do, the place has the goods.

Instructions:
Go here.  Experience.  Eat.  Smile.  Repeat.

There is too much to write and I am afraid I will leave something out.  Just go here... It's really good.
Wow I could not imagine a better 1st time tapas experience. First, my sauvignon blanc was so fabulous. The staff was so friendly. Somehow we caught the head server (from Madrid) and told him, "bring us whatever is good!" he delivered ;) the best appetizers I had were mushroom risotto and the 18-year-old ham! The cheese and bread samplers were rich and heavenly! When my dish came I was so impressed by the flavors. NO WORDS TO DESCRIBE HOW HAPPY MY MOUTH WAS! After an evening of indulging, it felt perfectly content after polishing off my Alaskan bass. I will definitely come back for appetizers and vino.
4.4 stars.

Famished after my Korean spa experience, I decided to treat myself to lunch at one of the most beautiful hotels now on the Strip, the Aria Hotel.  After browsing the lobby, I encounter Julian Serrano opposite my previous night's splendor at Sage.  The ambiance is vibrant and bold colors of red, purple, orange and yellow.  Even cooler was the fact that they were participating in Restaurant Week.  Perfect I thought, this is where I'm having lunch!  Ambiance:  4.5 stars.

I sat at the bar and started off with their white sangria with pears.  Sounded refreshing enough and it was!  At some point I asked the recipe and was given an unending amalgamation of ingredients that I could never recite, let alone list here.  In summary, it was a crisp alternative to your usual red sangria and a perfect quencher from the overbearing Vegas heat.  5 stars.

A Spanish couple next to me at the bar received their first dish. I over heard them say, "ah, muy pequeo (small)".  They turn to me and the guy says, 'like a glorified English muffin pizza, no?'  I nearly aspirated whatever I was eating and had to restrain myself from hitting the floor in tears.  I understand tapas, but the plates were rather, pequeo.  

Along with my glass of Spanish Tempranillo, I ordered off the 3-course prix fixe Restaurant Week menu for $30.11 :

First Course:
Stuffed dates of almond and applewood bacon with a spicy piquillo pepper sauce.  Nice flavor, but somewhat overwhelmingly simplistic.  Not horrible, but just okay:  3 stars.

Second Course:
Grilled Angus Flat Iron Steak with layered Japanese eggplant in a  Mushroom Demi.  The serving size was very small, however what was offered packed a punch and I wish I had more.  Perfect doneness and everything complimented well:  4.5 stars.

Third Course:
Fried Spanish Churros with a spicy dipping hot chocolate.  Recommended by the bartender and now I know why.  Nice crunchy Spanish pastry without any greasiness, powdered sugar and a heavenly dipping dark chocolate with just the right amount of fire.  Amazing:  5 stars!

Tally:
Ambiance:  4.5 stars
Cocktail:  5 stars!
First Course:  3 stars
Second Course:  4.5 stars
Third Course:  5 stars!
4.5+5+3+4.5+5= 22/5= 4.4 stars.

Quite an enjoyable lunch to add to a relaxing spa day.  What more could I ask for?  I left feeling on top of the world and headed to the nearest video poker machine to try my luck once again.  Oh Lost Wages, you relentless bitch!

#Yelp 365:  055/365
Summary
All of the tapas were excellent, but the paella was HORRIBLE.  Skip the paella and you will be satisfied.  It is a tapas restaurant so be aware that the dishes are small.  The restaurant is in the Aria and the restaurant is just as cool as the hotel.  A good place for a glass of wine and a few tapas.

Food dishes
Bacalao a la gabardina (atlantic cod | rocoto mayo | tempura batter)
The fish was light and fluffy and the batter was very delicate.  An excellent dish. 10/10

Sauted baby spinach (pine nuts | raisins | apple | shallots)
The pine nuts, raisins and apple added some interesting flavors and textures to the dish.  A good dish.  7/10

Escalivada (eggplant | red pepper | tomato | onion)
I'm not a big fan of eggplant, but this one was pretty good.  The others at the table liked the dish.  8/10

Creamy risotto (wild mushroom | manchego cheese | natural jus)
The risotto was cooked just right.  The flavor was excellent.  I thought I tasted truffle oil too.  9/10

Pintxo de moruno (marinated pork loin | pancetta | toasted cous cous)
This dish had 4 pieces of pork on a skewer.  The pork was cooked just right and it had lots of flavor.  An excellent dish. 10/10

Pintxo de chorizos (mini spanish pork chorizo | garlic mashed potatoes | garlic sauce)
There were 5 small pieces of sausage.  The sausage had a hint of spiciness.  8/10

Paella Marinea (calamari | shrimp | mussels | monkfish | vegetables | saffron rice)
This was a HUGE disappointment.  The rice was not cooked right.  It was hard and it was not creamy.  The seafood was ok, but it didn't really add a good tasting flavor to the paella.  How bad was it?  I would rather eat Top Ramen than have this dish again.  1/10

Service
The service was below average.  We were not rushed, which is good, but I think the staff forgot about basic service (empty glasses of iced tea, checking back timely).
Great service, great food.  A bit expensive.
Such a fan of Julian Serrano -- he isn't Catalonian, but his menu samples heavily from the local cuisine (botifarra!  yummm).  The kitchen turns out some nice representations of tapas from other regions of Spain, as well.  And Serrano himself spends a lot of time in the kitchen and the dining room.  I like seeing "celebrity" chefs who are hands-on with their spin-off enterprises.
Julian Serrano for lunch was perfect. It's in the beautiful Aria hotel and the decor is very chic. The menu definitely has a Spanish flair--and the chef is very well acclaimed. We had the lobster pineapple skewers for an app, and then i had the saffron rice for an entre. Although both were delicious, I don't think they were entirely memorable. The saffron rice was a little too al dente for my taste--but the combination of flavors from the sausage, rabbit, and chicken made it worthwhile. The prices were definitely affordable.
Beautiful Restaurant and food.  I am a old employee of Julian and Im proud to say that.  This restaurant is awesome, and Julian Serrano is awesome.  Its casual so if your used to Picasso you may not like it...so set your expectations
We choose this place based on all the  4-5 star reviews from Yelp.  I am only giving it 3 stars based on what we ate.  I do believe we DID order the wrong things and didnt really get a good taste of the restaurant.  

We ordered 5 tapas plates:
Lobster Pineapple Sticks (just ok, nothing special) 
Ahi Tuna Tempura (great!!! Delicious)
Fried Calamari (gross!!! Lacking flavor in the calamari and the aioli)
Egg Ravioli (looks good but not what I expected)
Seared Scallops (perfectly done and well seasoned.  Delicious!) 

I'm a big fan of food and I love to try new places.  I was excited to try Julian Serrano but I'm afraid this place doesn't live up to the great expectations.  I did expect more but i have to agree with what another fellow Yelper said, she also gives it a "solid 3 stars."

I left disappointed and still hungry!!!  Be forewarned, the portions are SMALL!!!
I loved this place. Definitely my favorite meal of my Vegas trip. I was expecting super small servings based on other reviews, but I thought they were all on par with the tapas I've had around the Bay Area. My husband and I went with another couple and we must have ordered about 10 dishes between all of us, plus a couple of desserts. There was too much stuff to break it all down. My favorite of the night was a dish with eggs and chorizo over frites. It was awesome. Would definitely eat here again. Loved it.
I had a very good experience at this place.  The tapas selection at this place made me feel like I was having a big meal, but overall, did not overstuff me!

There was 3 of us, and they recommend for each person to get 2 to 3 tapas per person.  

Huevos Estrellados (So Good! Perfectly fried eggs on top of chorizo and crispy fries!)
Pan Tomate (Pretty Standard, good tomato flavor and crisp bread)
Fried Calamari (Thick cut calamari, not thin and crispy)
Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas (Bechamel Sauce = Too Die)
Stuffed Dates (Sweet and Savory!)
Ahi Tuna Tempura ( Cooked just right, wasabi foam, a great touch)
Churros(Just get them, eat them all and drink the rest of the dipping chocolate!)

Pedro our server was really nice and helpful too!  I would ask for him if he is available.
If the meal wasn't twice the price of Firefly's, I would have rated JS better.  The ambiance was pretty damn awesome.  The food was good.  Unfortunately, after blowing a hundred of my stripper $1's, my girl and I were still hungry.  That's a little sad.  I'm not a fatty-fat-fat.  She isn't a huge eater.  I don't know where the hell our money went, really.  If you're down at City Center, check this place out, but beware that the palella takes approximately 30 minutes (well, what the waiter told us) and that you'll probably need a snack later.
A treat for the taste buds! The dishes are freshly prepared and delicious. The "tappas" approach gives you the chance to sample a couple or three dishes without getting filled up as you would with a whole meal. The tappas offered reflect a wide range of choices and the three we shared were all unusual and excellent. I especially appreciated the time and effort the waitress put into making sure that I did not have any garlic, to which I am allergic, and that, in spite of not having any garlic in them, every dish was a taste treat.
I would mention, however, that the waitress was very helpful in ordering the dishes, but we did not see much of her during our meal, so we would have had a bit of a problem had anything needed attention. I can always understand it when a server is not around much because the restaurant is busy, but in this case, it was early-afternoon on a Wednesday and there were few other diners, so the server ought to have been more attentive.
I am a big fan of tapas style dining and Julian Serrano's restaurant at the Aria is probably the best place to go in Las Vegas for delectable Spanish cuisine and cocktails. Its a little pricey, even for an upscale restaurant, but the food is well portioned and presented beautifully. Service was good, but not excellent. Being located in the middle of the City Center makes the atmosphere very contemporary and pleasing. The best occasion to visit this place is when you are in the mood for something light. I found it the perfect place to eat before a night out on the strip. The white ceviche was so fresh and was probably the best ceviche I have ever tasted. I could eat it every day. The red sangria was also delicious and the bartenders make the cocktails strong, which is a big plus. The audio in the bathroom was a spanish language course, which I though was an awesome, quirky little touch. I would recommend this place to anyone who appreciates fine dining.
Holy mother of all things sacred...  This was excellent.  We arrived for an 8:00pm reservation, but couldn't be seated until after 8:30.  While that wasn't too cool, there were eight of us, so you have to be patient.  We were headed to NY-NY for a show at 10:00 so we had to be quick.  I have to admit I was nervous about making our show.  We told the waiter and he said, "let me just start bringing dishes".  We trusted him and he didn't let us down.  

We had an amazing selection of worldly flavors.  From the appetizers to mains, then desserts, i didnt have anything that I wouldn't order again.  My favorite had to be the lamb chops, no wait the beef and brie, no wait - who knows, it was all so good.  

While it was a bit pricey, I think you have to expect to pay for good food and good service, especially in Vegas.
This restaurant is what got my family into Spanish tapas (I had my introduction a bit earlier) and consider this their favorite restaurant so far. After my 2nd visit there, I can say this is a place I can take someone to without getting an urge to overstuff myself to get my money's worth. A bit pricier than other tapas places I've been, but hey, it's Vegas; nothing comes cheap.

The restaurant looks kinda like a transparent enclave of the Aria, which can make this spot a perfect place to people-watch as you eat, if you get a good spot. We had a wonderful waiter who made suggestions that were spot-on and made sure that we had a good dining experience. I got to try both the red and white sangria before I picked a glass of red as my drink. A good sangria has a taste of spiked punch that doesn't taste like it has been spiked. The dash of cinnamon was the perfect touch. Mom had one too, but started feeling lightheaded halfway and asked me to finish it. At one point she forgot what room we were staying in.

Here were the tapas we had that day. We tried to go for a balance between meat and vegetables. At the end of it, our party of 3 felt quite satiated without feeling stuffed.

Ahi Tuna Tartare - the tuna was a bit tough, but went well with the wasabi foam. Suprisingly, the avocado and mango ensaladilla was tasty by itself.
Avocado Cannelloni - SOFT salmon mixed with mayo and paired with this bread. Yum.
Brava Potatoes - spicy potato and alioli sauce. One of the most popular tapas according to the waiter. This is an example of a GOOD mix of alioli and brava sauce WITHOUT the excess grease that goes in frying the potatoes in said sauces. They were bite-sized that makes it easy to just gorge on the bowl. 
Stuffed Piquillo Peppers - got as part of the waiter's suggestion. The goat cheese just melted in your mouth and the pepper had a good spicy "bite".
Fried Calamari - a little bit too salty, but still crispy. Liked it with the alioli sauce
Grilled Lamb Chop - at least this was a better rendition of a lamb chop than a certain buffet we went the other day...

The meal ended with Molten Chocolate Cake. The cake, though small, contained quite a bit of molten chocolate with just enough amount of cake. Paired with the blood orange ice cream, it was like a chocolate orange explosion in my mouth. One of the best renditions I've had in a while, especially since molten chocolate cake is one of my favorite type of desserts. 

I thought I would pass up this restaurant as it was too "Vegas-y" and not enough Spanish, but the food was just too good this time. There's already Paris in Vegas, I guess there's enough room for one more culture to be represented.
Excellent food. Sat at the bar. Fun bartenders helped us with the extensive and eclectic menu. Diverse wine list strong on old world wines. Prices above average for food given the small portions, typical for tapas, but still well worth it. Try the cheese plate and the tenderloin tapas.
OMG.

This was my favorite meal from my 4 days in Vegas.  We came here for lunch on a Saturday around 1 pm because my mom has been on a tapas kick lately and we had heard this place was good. The decor was very hip and attractive, just like the Aria itself. We had a reservation so we didn't wait, bit about 30 minutes after we sat down, a line started to form outside. 

Food: 5
The food was absolutely delicious.  There was not one dish I didn't like. The Brava potatoes were perfectly fried and crispy, and covered in a red sauce and garlic aioli.  My only complaint about the presentation is that it was served in a small bowl, so that the bottom pieces were soggy when we reached them. Serving this on a plate with the sauces on the side would be better.  The lobster gazpacho was cool and refreshing, and came with some chunks of lobster meat, minced tomatoes, cucumbers and bell peppers, and a frozen ball of the soup on a spoon (very fancy!).  Dad ordered the Pinxto de chorizos with garlic mashed potato, which were so tasty (but not healthy at all).  The chorizo was flavored perfectly, and the mashed potatoes complemented them well.  the fried calamari was not very crispy, but the squid was so tender and lightly breaded, so the flavor made up for the lack of normal calamari texture.  We also ordered the seafood ceviche and the sardines (I didn't eat them so I can't comment, but my parents enjoyed them immensely).  We had the salted Marcona Almonds, and they were good, but i wouldn't order them again ($6 for almonds is a bit much). 

We enjoyed our food with a pitcher of white sangria, which was STRONG and delicious and perfect for sipping in between bites.  It was not oversweet, and came with big, pretty chunks of green apple, lime, and orange.  Mom started skewering the apples out of the pitcher with her fork and eating them when the sangria was all gone :)

For me, the star of the meal was the dessert: churros with spicy hot chocolate!  These were not your typical Mexican-American cinnamon churros - they were only slightly sweet and dusted with powdered sugar, light, fluffy, formed into little teardrop-shaped loops, and served with a cup of melted dark chocolate with a spicy kick and a chili pepper for decoration.  If you are a chocolate lover, you MUST get this!  The chocolate was rich with a subtle spiciness that never became too strong, but complemented the sweet/fried flavors of the churro.  Even my mom, who is super health-conscious and never eats desserts, had a bite, and then had about 4 more bites after that.  Such an innovative and unique dessert!  It's pretty big as well, so you can easily share it between two people.

Service: 5
Fast, attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu.  The food came out ridiculously quickly, considering how intricate some of the presentations were.

Value: 4.5
This place is upscale and expensive, but if you're in Vegas to eat and indulge, it's so worth it!!  You will feel completely satisfied with your decision.
It was good not outstanding. It was filling but not something I would go back to.
I had a Great dinner here, after a chow down at the Indian buffet earlier for lunch (across the street) I didn't feel like having a big dinner so this worked just right: good service, below average portions and strip prices, the food quality is very good though, I shared dinner with a spaniard and he was pleased. We had 7 tapas and they were all yummy, I even liked the anchovy (which I hate otherwise).
I came here with some friends for a fun dinner.  We were looking for something different and tapas in the lobby of Aria seemed like the way to go. 

We ordered off of the early prix fixe menu, overwhelmed by all the choices off the regular menu.  We were pretty pleased at the selection we had and our food, while delicious, wasn't what any of us would have considered spectacular.  

Overall, it was a great choice for us with the exception of the inattentive service who cleared our wine glasses after one round each, assumingly in a hurry to rush us out the door.  

Enjoyable but I wouldn't return.
Cliff notes- Outstanding tappas. Can't miss- shrimp ceviche, chicken croquets, and ironically their mini pizzas which were amazing. 


I went here with my parents and their friends from Scotland when they were here visiting for the night. I wanted to take them to a place that had a diversity of options as they can be a bit finicky about fine dining. It was restaurant week and they all got the prix fix menu while I opted to pick and chose from the regular menu.

Service- was great. Fast, responsible, we were never left waiting. The only misstep was when they brought 2 of my dishes at the same time instead of staggering them (which I would expect a tappas restaurant to do) but it was minor. 

The ambiance is great- as is the rest of the Aria. We had a huge table which accommodated the multiple plates/wine glasses without feeling cramped. 

Some notes on the dishes:

Ceviche- was great, very tart, fish and shrimp not overdone. 

Pizza- this was actually my favorite. It had a really thick almost cookie like crust that was out of this world.

Sous vide pork chop- very moist and tender. Sides were forgettable though

Treats
I got the blood orange molten cake which was very rich (dark chocolate) but the sorbet worked well to cut against it.

I also tried the churro which was very good- nice and crispy.
I have eaten here probably 5 times, and the food has been really good every time, and so has the service. Don't let the fact that it is in the lobby slow you down... once you're inside it doesn't really feel like a lobby restaurant. I really like the broad menu... and the paellas are GREAT!
Went on an extended weekend trip for a friend's birthday this summer. I must say this was probably the highlight food wise the entire trip. There was a big group of us (probably 15 or so total), we already had a table waiting for us so were seated quickly. The service first off was excellent, again we were a large group. Had some yummy sangria to start and then got down to business. A couple other people in our party did the ordering so I don't even know all the different items we tried but we did have a good variety. 

The standouts for me were beef and cheese, pintxo de chorizos, stuffed dates, cheese platter, and conejo al ajillo. Hands down the beef tenderloin with the cheese, honey and pecans was the best thing i ate on the entire trip. I normally am not a red meat person, but this was amazing. It was cooked perfectly, was so tender and the flavors just allowed it all to melt in your mouth. I probably could've sat there all day and just ate that one dish. For dessert we had arroz con leche de coco, santiago's cake, flan, churros and buuelos. The arroz con leche was probably my favorite and allowed for a perfect way to end a  delicious meal

If you're in Vegas and want to try something new (even though it's pricey but heck you're in Vegas) I recommend going to Aria and dining at Julian Serrano's, you will not be disappointed.
My wife loves this type of food so she wanted to take me out to try it.  It did not meet our expectations.  We left still wanting more food and thought it was over priced for what it was.  Most of the food is pre-made.  We ordered 3 items and they all came out in around 5 minutes.  I asked how they got all of it done so quickly and they said they had the food pre-made for what we got.  Nice decor and great service.  We were in and out in about 30 minutes so it was quicker than we were wanting.  I will probably not come back.
We just happened to stumble upon this place for a snack on Dec. 11. OMG - it was delicious! I've had tapas before at many restaurants over the years but this was a standout. We sat at the bar and ordered 5 tapas, which all were amazingly good. Exquisitely delicious,  tasteful, great presentation and excellent service.
Great restaurant in City Center.  I had many things on the menu and all where fantastic.  They also have a very good wine list.   Great decor and friendly staff.  One of the best meals I have had on the strip in years.
Julian Serrano was good but maybe I was overly hyped about the restaurant.  I guess I expected something out of this world but it was ok.  I've had very good tapas in Manhattan beach, San Francisco, and elsewhere and Julian Serrano is about the same.  It was good.  Also their sangria tastes watered down.  One of the few times I didn't finish my drink and I usually never let alcohol go to waste.  But the atmosphere and our waiter rocked so we had a good time.
Salty! I am not a person who puts a lot of salt on my food, but I do enjoy just the right amount, and a few of the tapas that I tried were a little too salty for me.  Despite the saltiness the tapas were good and the staff was friendly and attentive.  The restaurant itself was fun to hang out in, and the wine list did not disappoint.
I of course went to this restaurant based on the reviews here and how beautiful the food looks in advertising and pictures. Plus I love tapas/small plates.

The food was pretty much horrible, with the exception of one item we ordered (the stuffed Piquillo peppers being the only thing I'd recommend). 

The Ahi Tuna w/ Molecular Raspberry was a good concept just poorly executed: our Ahi was cooked and tough, and the raspberry element was nothing more then a piece of opaque jello (gross). 

The Gambas was a complete waste... first of all any restaurant that is suppose to be of this quality should never use pre-cooked bay shrimp with anything! These gross little shrimp were just sitting in an olive oil/butter mix with a few pieces of garlic - the dish was just appalling. 

The Croquettas weren't even croquettas in my opinion. There was hardly any meat to them... they should of just called them fried cheese sticks.

THE ONLY GOOD FOOD ITEM WE HAD WAS THE STUFFED PIQUILLO PEPPERS. Stuffed with a goat cheese blend and an excellent tomato sauce on top, these were just the right balance of creaminess and spice with a sauce to pull it all together.

If you are use to quality food, I would definitely  not recommend this place... or if you do go definitely don't get the three items I mentioned above. It should be a 1 star rating, but the pitcher of Sangria (which is like 12 glasses worth) was pretty good :P
The paella was way too salty- I couldn't even finish it!  The rest of the food was good, but way overpriced.  There are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas where I would rather spend my money and get better portions of food.  I don't believe in paying top dollar for bird sized portions or salty paella that tastes like it was made from a box.  Disappointed.
Very creative and delicious food.  I've been too many tapas places and they are rarely up to par (especially if you've been so Spain and understand what Spanish cuisine is supposed to taste like).  We ordered 4 tapas and each one hit it out of the park.  Our favourite, interestingly, was pan con tomate, which is so basic, but Julian Serrano's pan con tomate will blow your taste buds.  The other dishes -- ahi tuna codes, beef with figs and manchego and mushroom risotto -- were also stellar and very interesting takes on traditional Spanish cuisine.
I've eaten here a couple of times and the only objection I have are the extravagant prices. The food is always delicious and the service is great, I just wish it was a little less expensive.
Ridiculous menu. EVERYTHING we ordered was so amazing and reasonably priced. The "Beef & Cheese" could be one of the best things I've ever eaten(order it med-rare). Our bartender was Premo and he was awesome. If you can't find a drink you like, he'll gladly come up with one for you.

\Get there early on the weekends or make reservations because they fill up quick. It's a pretty dressy atmosphere so your typical jeans and a t-shirt get up probably won't cut it.
With so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, I wanted Julian Serrano to be better than it was.

It's visually stunning - the colors are beautiful and happy and vibrant... but why the televisions?  And why were they playing a program showing people being decapitated?  And why was our waiter so... laissez fair and slow?

Anyway.  The raw tuna dish was amazing, as was a dish with egg, french fries and pancetta (my dream breakfast).  The pork on skewers dish we had wasn't good at all - it was tough, chewy and flavored in a way that did not make my mouth happy.  The cured meat platter didn't "wow" me.

I did like the Spanish lessons being played in the bathroom.   Glad I tried this place, but I want my Spanish food taken up a few notches.
Service here is always prompt, thoughtful(suggestions galore) and steady... and valet parking is a short stroll from the nearby Aria entrance. The ambiance is airy and open, and the bar setup (fruit instead of fake tapas) is witty and hip for a tapas-style spot. 

Tapas: I begin each meal with a cheese plate(highly recommended) or the pan manchego? So far, I most enjoy the salmon with truffle(I often order two) and some other seafood dish I cannot presently recall. Lobster gazpacho is a must for those who(like moi) generally hate gazpacho or cold blends. Other notables, thus far: raspberry tuna dish(it actually works!), lobster salad, huevos estrellados, bass(Oprah-aaaaammazing, lol!), chorizo. The flan here is intricate and delicious.

One dish I hate here is the steak featured on the tapas menu. It tasted like mediocre sirloin... I admittedly--owing to its horrible texture--consider sirloin essentially dog food. I've never tried the paella but was informed that it tastes just like Spain's, which is not a good thing. To explain: paella(with or without saffron) is a stupid idea. Simply read the ingredients/preparation and you will sigh with comprehension... I call paella culinary meth, lol. If you insist on an entree the filet mignon(or I imagine any seafood or pork dish here) is a pleaser.

Impeccable texture and taste overcome (merely above average) presentation at this spot--one of my faves for lunch or silly dinners. On my last visit, I enjoyed a quick bite/wine at the bar with friends. I have yet to try the early eve special but it sounds like a killer deal.    

4 stars rather than 5 because some of the flavors repeat (a few dishes beg for drizzles; others for acidity to combat the olive oil and make things more spanish and less greek); however, I wish I could give 4.5 stars b/c they serve tender octopus And delicious fried calamari that doesn't even need the sauce or lemons.
We went to Vegas around Christmas to treat ourselves to some great food, and Julian Serrano was a stellar surprise. Prior to coming, we studied the menu and got a few ideas about what we wanted to order. Our first visit was for dinner one evening, and we decided to try their $39 prix fixe menu with the $19 wine pairing.

Everything about the meal and service was outstanding! We had a few questions about the food and possible substitutions for dessert, and what our waiter couldn't answer immediately, he quickly found out and was very helpful.

For the appetizer round, my partner and I shared the Brava Potatoes and the Stuffed Piquillo Peppers. Such simple items, but oh so delicious. The potatoes are topped with a mildly spicy bravas sauce and an alioli; when combined with the crispy potatoes, it's a perfect bite! The piquillo peppers were equally delicious. Although they're a bit small, they pack a huge punch in each bite. I'm not a fan of mushrooms, but they were blended so well with the goat cheese that it made for a delicious two or three bite dish. The waiter paired a refreshing Riesling with this course and it was the perfect accompaniment. 

The entree round brought me the Organic Pork Chop with pisto serrano and a dijon mustard sauce, which was topped with thin, crispy-fried wonton crisps. My partner had the seasonal fish, which was a perfectly cooked salmon, with a side of sauteed spinach with raisins, apples, and pine nuts all topped with a buttery garlic sauce. Both dishes were cooked perfectly, but the pork chop was the standout. The dijon sauce was drool-worthy and each bite of the chop with the pisto serrano and the wonton crisps was moan-inducing. I don't usually enjoy fish, but the bite of salmon I had was very good (perfect for fish-lovers, I'm sure). We had a delicious Cava paired with this course and it complemented the dishes well.

There were three great options for dessert on the $39 menu, but we spotted the churros with a spicy chocolate dipping sauce on the $59 menu and thought we'd ask if we could substitute. Our waiter made it possible, and we could not have been more pleased. Who doesn't love a good, crispy fried churro and a spicy chocolate sauce?! He paired a sweet Sherry (Hidalgo - Pedro Jiminez) with this course and it was the perfect pairing. With each dip of the churro in the sauce, you could pick up a faint hint of the spice in the chocolate, but when you took a sip of the sherry - WOW! The sherry was so good. The hint of raisin and almond with a buttery sweet finish was the perfect coupling with the spicy-sweet fried goodness. 

The atmosphere here was great as well. You're still close enough to the casino to people-watch (if that's what you like), but it's also private enough to have a quiet meal. We were seated at one of the tables connected to the bar, which was right next to two of the kitchens where we could watch all the delicious tapas coming out. The setting is casual enough where you can come in from a day walking the strip and sit down for a great meal.

Overall, this was the best place we ate at while in Vegas. So much so, that we decided to have it for lunch the day we left (see below for details). Do yourself a favor and go to Julian Serrano now. You won't be disappointed.

********

UPDATE: Our experience the night before at another Aria restaurant was awful, so we decided to return to Julian Serrano for lunch before leaving Vegas. This time, we opted to select a few different tapas to share. Again, the service was great and we got another table near the kitchen so we could see all the delicious food coming out. Since this visit was more about trying the different tapas, here's what we had:

- Golden and Red Beet Salad: Delightfully delicious, earthy and refreshing. I never had beets before, but this was a great introduction to that earthy root. The beets were paired with frisee, citrus fruits (lime, orange and grapefruit) and molecular pineapple. There's a perfectly sweet beet syrup on the bottom that marries well with the whole salad.

- Warm Goat Cheese Salad: This was light and refreshing as well - a good dish to prep your palate for the more heartier dishes to come. 

- Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas: Yum! Yum! Yum! Delicately fried and filled with chicken and a scrumptious bechamel sauce, these bites are not to be missed. Four come to an order.

- Stuffed Dates: Having made these at home, we could appreciate the time-consuming effort these little meat candies take to prepare. The dates are stuffed with goat cheese (I think) and an almond, then wrapped in bacon for a perfectly sweet and savory bite. The piquillo pepper sauce on the side was a nice surprise. Mildly spicy, which was a great addition to the sweetness of the dates. Four of these come to an order as well. 

- Huevos Estrellados: We were on the brunch side of lunch, so this was a great dish. Crispy french fries topped with eggs and chorizo - a nice and hearty finish to a perfect meal.
The tapas were all fine, but nothing to write home about. The pata negra, which I always get if it is available, was OK. It was fatty but had a weird aftertaste to it that I have never had the other times I tried pata negra. At $38 per order, it should be phenomenal. The bacalao fritters were good as were the albondigas but they should give you bread to soak up the albondigas sauce. The black rice was good and the seafood was fresh but there was nothing that was special about the dish. The stuffed dates were OK. I expected more from Julian Serrano, maybe one dish that was transcendent but of the ones I tried, none were. At least there are tapas restaurants in Las Vegas now.
This place was really good, and not to pricey for the quality you are getting. The white Ceviche was the best I have ever had.

The stuffed peppers were great also.
Food was pretty authentic in parts all that except the molecular stuff.. Very PRICEY and lacks a restaurant setting overall.
Best thing about the Aria is this restaurant. If you have food allergies, they actually give you a printout that lists everything on the menu and let you know by allergy what has what. This is the only place in Vegas that did not make me sick.
great tapas style restaurant!

absotulety loved the mojitos (strawberry to be exact), bravas potatoes and the churros.

-1 star for being a spanisg/latin restaurant and NOT having any spicy salsas
I went here with some friends while in Vegas for my 30th birthday celebration. I loved this place! The staff were very friendly, the food was fantastic (I suggest the ahi tuna, creamy risotto, beef and cheese, potatoes bravas, pan manchego, and red sangria), and the restaurant had a great ambiance! The floors were mosaics, the chairs were big and comfortable, the temperature was perfect. Oh, and I got a birthday dessert! I would definitely go back!
Modern,chic decor and friendly wait staff. Completely tapas style menu and extensive cocktail ,wine & apertif selection. Black pork pintxo is a Iberian pork shoulder with carmelized onion on toast, bruschetta style but was rare, with bright pink through middle. Gamey to the taste buds. Then the mixed paella consisted of lobster,mussels,a very tasty Smokey chorizo, chicken & saffron rice....arborio rice wasnt cooked throughly & light salt gave understated flavor. Black rice with squid ink was surprisingly delicious & squid was tender & flavored to perfection. Gambas a la plancha was impressive whole prawns with garlic & lemon, essence of shrimp all the way through. Octopus served atop thick sliced blanched potatoes with paprika was disappointing at best. Flan for dessert n fried donut balls were mediocre. Overall didn't live up to the hype of chef Serrano.
Overpriced tapas.  "meh, tasted better" food.
I have been to Spain, and you Sir are no Tapas cook. 

Took two seats at the bar thinking...busy night, should be good and quick...bzzzz..wrong!  Took forever to get the waiter/bartender's attention...and that was the best of the evening's service.  Food finally got rolling and it was quite forgettable, in fact I have already forgotten what I ordered.
Hotel restaurants have high overhead, but paying full entree prices for small plates is wrong...lesson is don't put a restaurant like this in a high overhead location.  You are setting your customers up for disappointment when they see the prices.

Overall Suggestion : Avoid!
.
Many reviews have been written about this restaurant already so I'll just say that the service was excellent and comment on the dishes we tried:

Stuffed peppers: excellent
Salmon with truffle: excellent
Gambas; Horrible
Chicken croquettes: good but not great
Serrano ham on tomato bread: outstanding 
Steak with Brie: good but not great

I would definitely go back though.
Yes 5 stars! I am not going to  try and be stingy on my stars, Julian Serrano is worthy of all the stars , the moon and the sun too!  THIS IS WHERE I HAD THE  BEST CEVICHE I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY WHOLE LIFE!

I'm so not a Las Vegas fan! (Yeah, I'm that boring!) If I want to "live it up" South Beach has  never dissapointed. The thing is though, I love road trips! So much so that I would go anywhere even when I don't care for the destination. "Hey you wanna take a road trip to hell?" Me: " Oh! Hell yeah!...you are driving, right?" 

WHY I HATE VEGAS, WELL IF YOU CARE...

THE CHEESY DAY CLUB SCENE:
Don't get  me wrong, I love pool parties but the whole Vegas day club culture with cheesy Z list "celebrity" hosts from mind numbing reality shows-BARF! 
This scene can be entertaining for about 20 min ...well unless you are slizzered! The scene as in dudes with huge biceps,  meaningless "tribal tatoos"  and chicken legs walking around like they're about to fly! Oh! And their counterparts, Pamela Anderson wannabees looking like they came to audition for America's Next Top Pornstar.  Meanwhile, the evil twin in me is itching to stick a pin in those thingies, something about inflated balloons...


NIGHT CLUBS:
Even worse; populated with the same roid heads from the pool trying to be all "big pimpin"  because they just paid $500 for $20 bottle of Grey Goose Vodka for the privilege of being sorrounded by 20  "hot" girls.  
And the sad thing is  that, these ladies  are not even interested in these "ballers". They would play the part for a free drink and a place to park their asses and rest their 6" heels wearing feet! As you know, In Vegas, no bottle service, no seating! So if you don't want to get bottle service yourself, you'd better  find someone who could...

SENSORY OVERLOAD
 1. 2000 ladies of all shapes and sizes(not a compliment) wearing the Vegas Saturday Night Uniform-the "Freak Em Dress"... with 6 inch heels! Yap! That super short, super tight dress that used to be a favourite of prostitutes all over the world but now... Hey!  I don't even know what  Vegas "working girls" wear to gain a competitive edge over that girl from Kansas who just want to  "let the freak out" for the weekend! That is some conundrum!  

2. The Wayne Newton's face everywhere- taxis, buidings, mugs...DISTURBING!

3. The annoying slots machine ringers that I keep hearing even in my sleep!  The fake foreign cities,  waterfalls and beaches...

4.  Millions of Elvis impersonators...I mean seriously, who goes to Vegas to watch a fake Elvis?

OTHER ANNOYING FACTORS:
1) The fact that you have to walk many carpeted miles in your highest heels to get to the main door?

 2)  LET ME NOT START WITH THE VEILED SLOBBERING DRUNK BACHELORETTES! 

WHY I GO TO VEGAS.

Besides the road trip, I go to Vegas because of one thing and one thing only-THE RESTAURANTS!

THE VEGAS DINING EXPERIENCE:
I can comfortably say that  with all the fake glitz and cheesy glamour, Las Vegas  is home to the best restaurants in the country...well, in close third to NYC and San Francisco!  

We turned up at Julian Serrano by chance after an award show at MGM. A night before, we had a late dinner at Comme Ca at the Cosmopolitan, so for the next dinner, we wanted to try out restaurants at Aria. We first headed down to Bar Masa because of its New York connection. 
We get to Bar Masa " Bla! Bla! Bla! You have no reservation, you'll have to wait for the late sitting" (an hour later).  Moi, I am in no shape to wait-I am hungry, cranky, I am in so much pain, my hooker heels are killing me from all that walking through the Casino to get to the MGM main entrance!

So I  told the Maitre d' I can't wait but needed a recommendation. This guy  personally walked us to Juliano Serrano. And of course, I am not that excited to be at JS because I was looking forward to eat at Bar Masa-my mind was already made up! And I am also thinking, I have had the best tapas already, what can this chef do that is different form all other tapas restaurants? 

The restaurant when you look at it ,is so unassuming-bright color modern decor-nothing special.

THE FOOD:
We had:
- Lobster Salad 
- Red Beet Salad 
-Ahi Tuna Tempura  
-Avocado Cannelloni 
-Huevos Estrellado 
-Sauted Padron Peppers 
-White Ceviche (EASILY THE BEST CEVICHE I HAVE EVER HAD!)

-Steamed Mussels 
-Gambas a la Plancha 
-White Anchovy Fillets 
-Grilled Lamb Chop 
-Stuffed Dates 

Yeah and we definitely stuffed our faces too ;-). 

We paired the tapas with a great bottle of wine as recommended by the sommelier. 

I was so happy that I ended up here instead of Bar Masa; what a great surprise that was! I had no expectations coming in and ended up with the best tapas I ever had (as far as I can recall!)  

I highly recommend Julian Serrano as the restaurant to dine at when you are in Las Vegas. I have dined at some of the "best restaurants in Las Vegas" but this one is high on that list!

Compliments to Chef Serrano!

Live, Love, Lose, Learn,
Had the $39 tasting menu and it was FANTASTIC!

Lobster gazpacho - very flavorful soup with a great tomato taste. Yes, there's actually lobster meat in it!

Brava potatoes - omg I don't know what the spicy sauce was, but it was delicious! I wanted to drink it. The little cubed potatoes were crispy on the outside and were just perfect with the sauce. Of course, some got soggy at the end, but they were still good.

Salmon - Sourced from the same proprietor as the fish for Bar Masa next door. Two of my friends got this dish and it was THE best salmon they have ever had in their lives. These are girls that always order the fish option on any menu.

Pork chop - Delicious! It's a very large chop. It's very thick so you would think the outside would be dry, but it's not. Juicy all around.

Rice Pudding - This was probably the most disappointing dish. I wouldn't get it again.

Molten chocolate cake - YES! They make it well here.

White sangria - refreshing and buzz worthy! pun intended.
Food is great but the seating is not great! The tables are to close to each other. It's difficult to have a conversation. Besides that, the food and service is great!
Came here for lunch while staying at Aria. Definitely a good place to check out if you want tapas, the menu is pretty extensive. We ordered the calamari, black rice (squid ink & lobster), mussels, and ceviche among other things. Everything tasted good and the seafood, fresh. We ordered a pitcher of red wine sangria, which was very good.

Our server was extremely friendly and helpful, upon seating us he asked us if we were familiar with tapas, etc. (we were, I eat out... alot)

The bathrooms are pretty funny, instead of cheesy "elevator-lounge type music," it's basically a Learn to speak Spanish tape.
Was really unimpressed by the food here. We had a group of about 10, so the waiter suggested that we allow the chef to make a menu for us. We agreed.

First dish was a spanish tortilla - basically an omelette with potatoes and onions. Tasty start.

2nd - calamari. Nice big pieces, served with a tasty aioli.

3rd - fried potatos in a spicy tomato sauce, with the same aioli as above. Pretty good.

4th - ahi tuna with a thin tempura coating, deep fried. I thought this was okay, a little bland.

5th - chicken croquettes with a bechamel sauce on the inside. There was nothing really wrong with this dish, except it was pretty unimpressive flavor wise. Basically a chicken nugget with the sauce on the inside.

6th -Meatballs. Really? These tasted like frozen meatballs you'd get at a grocery store, and served in a tomato sauce with potatoes...the exact same tomato sauce and potatoes as in #3.

7th - prawns in olive oil. Really disappointing. When I think Spanish gambas, I think nice big head on shrimp. These were peeled, boiled, shrimp cocktail style in some unmemorable olive oil. Pass.

8th - chorizo with mashed potatos - looked like lil' smokies in a pile of unmemorable mashed potatos. The sausage had this weird sour taste to it. eww.

9th - deep fried figs wrapped in ham. Served with the same tomato sauce as in #3 and #6. It tasted like a fried fig. Nothing special here.

10th - grilled steak slices with japanese eggplant. this was actually an alright dish, but not spectacular by any means.

This restaurant seems like tapas that are dumbed down to be more accessible to the general public. Which I guess is what you want for a place like Vegas. If you're a real foodie though, avoid. I also didn't like how the reused so many ingredients in several dishes. Also service was not the best.
Was looking for a place to eat at the aria since we had a party to go there afterwords and Julian Serrano was the only one that seemed to get good reviews on yelp..so thanks go all you yelpers, so helpful!

I enjoyed it alot,  these two dishes were my favorite!

Beef and Cheese- Prime Tenderloin, Brie Cheese, Toasted Bread
Salmon roulade | house-cured salmon | rocoto mayo | tartar sauce

The paellas was okay, not the best, the rice was kind of hard.  I like it better at Jaelo in the Cosmo.
Lobster salad comes with free bug.

We took clients to lunch.  1/3 way through my lobster salad, a lady bug crawled out from beneath the greens.  ugh.  We sent it back.

I wasn't really impressed with the other dishes.  They weren't bad, just not memorable.

I was a bit surprised the manager didn't come by the table to apologize, and perhaps offer desert or something ... no one acknowledged the bug.  Yes, it was *only* a ladybug, but still ...  Even worse, they didn't remove the item from the bill.

Since it was a client lunch I didn't want to make an issue of it.  But, for the $ I would have expected better service.

I will give huge props to the general manager.  After reading my survey feedback on my experience, he promptly contacted me (on a weekend, no less).  He was very nice and they did adjust the bill quite a bit more than just removing the salad.  5 stars for him and his attempt to make it right.

Without the bug incident, I still would just give the place 2.5 stars.  Not really worth the cost.  

Sorry, Julian Serrano.
Came here in January for lunch and I was disappointed.  Everything was too salty.  Someone in the kitchen had a heavy hand.  I complaint about it and the server told me it was salty because every dish is finished with finishing sea salt.  Ok i get that, I use it all the time to finish some of my dishes, but when I've over salted my food to begin with and on top of that I use finishing salt then it becomes really salty...duh! I know what finishing salt does, but i don't think their cook knows how to use it.  My lips pruned up after this meal and I had to drink about a gallon of water afterwards. 
 
I would probably not go back again.
stayed at the aria 2/6 - 2/7.  had lunch here after check in on the 6th.

had the monkfish, rissoto, potatoes, spinich, lobster salad, fisherman's soup.

monkfish had no taste - skip this.

potatoes were not crisp.  i think they were pre cooked and leftover from the super bowl weekend.

lobster salad was ok only.

spinich was spinich.  not hard to make but very hard to screw up.

my buddy had the soup but he said it was fine.

we got talked into this place when we approached.  if a place has to talk you into eating there, don't go.  i should've lived by this rule but i paid the price for not.

the funny thing is that i was bad mouthing this place to my dinner companions that same evening and one of them echoed my exact sentiments.
JULIAN SERRANO vs. FIREFLY

Oh Julian, your tapas on the strip is over-priced but its worth every penny.

PRICE: Tapas adds up after a while. At Firefly, most of my orders are in the $4-8 price range. At Serrano, my usual orders are in the $10-16. That's nearly double what I normally spend but on occasion, I like to splurge and enjoy a more upscale meal in a setting 100% more luxurious than local favorite Firefly.

FOOD: You get what you pay for. My favorites at Firefly are stuffed dates, shrimp ceviche, and lamb skewers. I've tried each of their counterparts at Serrano. And I have to admit that they do each one better. The flavors are more complex and refined. The dates are melt-in-your-mouth good. The quality of meat (in this case lamb) at Serrano is more tender and less game-y. I've tried all of the ceviches here and each and every one is extremely fresh and flavorful. Firefly's ceviche tends to be a little heavy on the lemon and on occasion I'll get a fishy one. I tend to order more seafood at Serrano as well. I feel like all the hot seafood tapas I've ordered here are spot on. Some of the best seafood dishes I've eaten in Vegas--period.

SANGRIA: I'm sorry Serrano, but I have to say Firefly does this one better. I don't doubt for a second that there's a lot involved in making the sangria here. But there's something so familiar and delicious about the red wine sangria at Fireflys. The delicate balance of fruit and wine flavor has been perfected. And hey, you can't beat the 50% off pitchers of Sangria during Firefly Happy Hour.

SERVICE: In a fine dining setting, I'm very particular about my service. If I'm paying a fine dining price & tip, I expect to be waited on appropriately. Every time I've been here my server has been quite attentive and friendly. I've only once been dissatisfied with my service; but it was a holiday and the place was ridiculously crowded.

If your wondering if its worth the money, then YES! Don't hesitate because you think you get a better value at Firefly. Firefly will always be a favorite close to my heart but when I want to eat a little finer and I want to pay for it--Julian Serrano is my upscale tapas of choice.

Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
Whenever I visit Spain first thing I do is find a bar serving beer and Pimientos de Padrn so when I saw there was a Spanish tapas rest in our hotel I had to find out if they had them and to my surprise they did. Surprised, you see, because they are not readily avaiable even in Spain. I once had to check into about 10 bars before I found one with this delicacy.

Since we were there we tried other tapas including the cannelloni which were delish, some meat on toast which was one of our aves, the mussels which were meaty, and the meatballs which were certainly not our favorite amongst others. They seem to have been fried in old oil. Nothing like the frying oil used in In n Out Burger where we spent our last dinner in Vegas!

While we were in the restaurant the 2012 Grammy Awards were going on and the server was nice enough to change the basketball game (yawn) to the Grammys.  

Will upload pics soon as I am a food photographer aficionado.

Buen provecho!
Tapas is Spanish for, "little food for a lot of money" and this could not be any more true at this restaurant.  Service was quick, but the portions were much smaller and more expensive than other Tapas places, like the one in the Cosmo.  I will say the pineapple and coconut milk was outstanding.  Plan to spend $75 per person not to walk out hungry.
I frequent Vegas (being a Southern California native) and I never, ever miss going to this place. It is expensive, and, as a recent graduate, I am not the richest gal. However, this is my FAVORITE restaurant in Las Vegas. Tapas are a great way to spend a couple hours over dinner. I really could not pick a favorite, but if I had to, I would say the stuffed peppers and the chorizo plate. I also absolutely love the size of their Sangria pitchers. A lot of places will charge way too much for a small amount of wine. The pitcher comes out to about 7-8 glasses. It's somewhere around $40, and it's absolutely worth it. 
The best thing about a restaurant like this is that it is suitable for ALL occasions. My boyfriend and I go for romantic dinners, I have been with my friends for my birthday twice now, and I have also been there with 12 of my extended family members! There is no wrong or inappropriate time for a restaurant like this. 
I love love love it here!
If I had to list a complaint, I would say the waiters/waitresses are not super attentive, but it's barely noticeable. 
If you're interested in a tapas restaurant, I would highly recommend this place.
(And consider getting a reservation if you go between 7-9 on Friday/Saturday)
This review is way overdue but better late than never. My husband and I went to Vegas on our honeymoon back in November and went to have tapas here. This place had amazing food. Yes they were expensive about $10-$15 a plate but Julian Serrano is the chef so I don't know what people expect and they are small portions but that is what tapas are. Tapas are not meant to be full meals, they are Spanish appetizers. If you are the type who looks for more bang for your buck or does not like to splurge then this would not be the restaurant for you. If it takes alot for you to get full then prepare to spend some money. The prices are clearly marked and the staff does inform you of the portion sizes beforehand so you can always walk if it is not what you want to spend your money on. There are no tricks or surprises. It would be nice to see more reviews about the food then people getting mad about the high prices of the tapas as if someone held a gun to their head and forced them to choose to eat there.Sorry about the rant. now back to the review:

 We had the 2 orders of the croquetas, potatas bravas, churros with chocolate chili sauce, and the flan. Everything was so pretty I almost did not want to eat it. They were amazing and they filled us up also! If you are looking for authentic Spanish tapas, a laid back atmosphere, and upscale customer service all in the same place then I strongly suggest you visit here. The food is worth every penny and I will be back when I go to Vegas. His staff is very polite and we never went one second without not being attended to and the staff made sure we had everything we needed at all times.
My friends and I came to Vegas for fun and great food; we were staying at the Aria hotel and decided to take a chance on this place.   The menu choices sounded interesting and I have never been to a Tapas Bar before.

My friend had the huevos dish with "fried potatoes" and chorizo and was a little surprised that she got a plate of eggs, mini sausages over french fries.   She was definitely not that happy with the dish.

I was starving and ordered a little bit too much food for myself.   I had the Bravo potatoes with spicy ketchup which were decent, almost tasted like home fries with tabasco infused ketchup.   I also had the chicken croquettes; I would NOT recommend those to anyone, it honestly tasted like a creamy chicken nugget...  Gross...

For dessert, we had spicy Mexican hot chocolate  with churros.  It had a spicy aftertaste; churros were good, but the hot chocolate was not sweet, just tasted like spice.  

I would have given this place a 1/5 except our waitress was excellent, the managers came to check on us often to make sure we were taken care of, and we were seated quite quickly for a busy Saturday night.   GREAT, no, FANTASTIC service, not very appetizing food...   Come in for some tapas if you've thrown back a few and need something quick to eat.
3.8 stars.  Julian Serrano is a tapas restaurant located in the lobby of the Aria Hotel next to the front desk.  The restaurant is decorated in vivid colors and is enclosed by a short clear divider that leaves part of the restaurant exposed to the eyes of lobby guests.  Since the divider is only a few feet tall and clear, I think that the people who dine at these tables get a more casual atmosphere since it almost feels like you are dining in the lobby itself.  However, the rest of the tables are tucked further back into the restaurant giving it a more private and cozy atmosphere.  

I have been here a few times and the people who dine here have always ranged from extremely casual ("Hi, I just came from the pool") to dressed to impress ("I'm going to the cluuuuub!").  I've seen families with small children here and I've also seen bachelorette parties here.  The good thing is that the ambiance can really accommodate anyone, and the restaurant is spacious enough that you can sit far away from small children if you prefer.  

The service has always been excellent - no complaints there.  As for the food, it is definitely pricey for the size of the dishes.  I believe each small plate is $8-$14 and they are tiny.  However, the dishes are great if you want a high-quality light meal.  One dish that I was impressed with based on its size is the paella.  It is HUGE.  I ordered it when I was with a party of 10 girls - 4 of us really wanted paella, and the menu said that the portions are designed for 2 people.  Based on the size of the tapas, we were thinking that the paella would also be small and fulfilling, so we asked to get a 3-person serving for $75 (expensive IMO).  The paella dish was so big that it easily fed 8 of us (in addition to the small plates), and we left happy and full.
Went at 5:30pm on a Wednesday so crowd was light, service was pleasant and responsive, and food came out fast (majority in ~5-10 min).

Atmosphere was like eating in a hotel lobby/lounge (which you are).

Food was so so.  In order of preference:

Stuffed piquillo peppers - bright acidity of tomato sauce well grounded by goat cheese
White ceviche - tons of lime (almost soupy) but with great texture and flavor (suprising amount of spice)
Albondigas - light fine crumbly texture but short on flavor
Brava potatoes - soft on inside and light crisp on outside; go well with garlic aoili and creamy tomato sauce
Grilled calamari - meh...  it's just a miniature grilled (not even sliced) squid wih some lime and garlic and garnishing
Pintxo de chorizos - little smokies on a bed of mashed potatoes
Ahi tuna tempura - too much going on in this dish.. it was just weird..  go to a sushi place instead
Here's the thing with reviewing Vegas strip MEGA property restaurants -- you're going to be raped no matter what you do.  Portions small, prices gargantuan.   So when you bend over to pick up the soap, you're really reviewing how far you have to bend over and if the soap smells nice.

Many resorts sport interior restaurants.  By interior I wish to stress that they lack windows to the outside.  I've got news for the Caesars/Harrah and MGM/Mirage groups:  more and more I'm less and less inclined to eat in a cave.  Unless you have a space as ginormous as the TAO in the Venetian, my business may move elsewhere.

Julian Serrano's Tapas sits in the lobby of the Aria.  A lobby big enough to fit the Casino Royale inside of it.  The designers smartly made it wall-less on one side.  So despite any nearby windows, there's a definite feeling of space and... wait for it... aria.   The decor is casual but stark, modern but warm somehow.  Not the best in Vegas but definitely different and frankly refreshing.

Onto the food.  Hmm.   Tapas is a fancy way of saying a menu of appetizers with a re-occuring Spanish theme.   Since my partner in crime is a vegetarian, she was in paradise, since the menu sports 14 or so choices for her.  This rare circumstance ensures her return engagement.

Since I eat meat, I have to ask myself if it was really so special.  I made a mistake and ordered the ahi-tuna.  It was deep fried, very small, and dry.  I should have returned it but I was engaged in a business meeting of sorts and since I wasn't picking up the tab I stayed quiet and fed myself.   

Samples of other dishes were all pretty good -- but nothing blew me away.  What I would say is that portions should grow a little and prices should drop a little.  Or a more fun version of this idea would be 'buy three and the cheapest is free'.  That sounds silly, but trust me, that would make this fun -- which is what tapas should be.

I've tried FIREFLY off the strip and didn't think that was really much better.  Tapas is too easy a way to rip people off and instead should be too easy a way to delight customers.  I dream of Italian tapas and will keep searching for such.

Until then, not a bad Vegas resort dining experience.  But there are so many better.  MESA, TAO, RAO'S, OLIVES, BLT -- just for starters.
The good:
(1) Portions here are large for tapas.
(2) Service is really fast.
(3) Servers are very friendly.
(4) Anything with beef, tripe, or sausage are excellent.
(5) White fish ceviche!

The bad:
(1) Spanish tortilla was super oily.  It seemed to be slice of oily potato frittata.
(2) Brava potatoes were very greasy.  Basically cubed fries, but a little soggy.

Overall, we had an ok experience here.  I liked how we were in and out super quickly so we were able to resume our winning streak at the roulette tables!
Excellent tastes and wonderfully served in a tasting order. My dinner was built to deliver an experience of tastes and flavors that complimented each other perfectly and grew to an epic dessert. Each dish on it's own was simple and heavenly. Combined was a taste of paradise.
Came for Restaurant Week with my sister from another mister (and mama too),  Angela H. 

We did the lunch menu for $30.12

 Lobster Gazpacho; Traditional Chilled Spanish Soup with Lobster Meat- There was a sphere in my spoon and it was a cream "truffle" with some broth in it. The texture of it bursting with broth was texturally exciting. The soup itself was very refreshing and bright, good and very fresh chunks of lobster.

Salmon with Truffle; Truffle Bchamel, Portobello Mushroom - the salmon was perfectly cooked, the bechamel was aces. Salmon is a very common fish so normally I'm a bit "meh" about most preparations but this was pleasant. 

Santiago's Cake; Almond Cake, Turrn Ice Cream, Candied almonds - I am a almond freak and this was a decent cake. I wish there was more of the burnt leche tasting turron ice cream. The crumb candied almonds mixed in with it was good. 

I of course try everything Angie is eating and all pretty good. Stuffed Piquillo had a surprising hearty flavor from the mushrooms, steak with eggplant and mushroom demi glace was tender, churros was ok, but its rich bitter dark chocolate dip was great. 

Service was good. I think our server was coming up a lot because he is trying to get his flirt on. Haha. 

Good impressions of Julian Serrano. I looked at the regular menu and lots of goodies and really, the prices aren't too crazy, competitive with other tapas places, even off strip. I would consider coming here for some tasty snacks whenever family stays at CityCenter.
Just recently had the opportunity to dine at Julian Serrano again and I have to say it might have been one of the best experiences I have ever had.  It began with our waiter, Pedro, who was quite frankly one of the best waiters I've ever had.  The first thing he said to us once our group of 7 sat down was " Welcome to my home.  It will be an honor to take care of you".  And then our culinary journey began.  We showed Pedro a few of the tapas that interested us on the menu and he took care of the rest.  When it was all said and done, we had gone through 30 plates of tapas that covered a wide range of tastes and textures, finishing up with churros dipped in hot chocolate sauce.  All along the way, Pedro was explaining each dish and giving us the Spanish region they came from.  There is no doubt our group will be dining at this restaurant next year and asking for Pedro again to be our waiter.
I came here for an impromptu dinner date on a Saturday night.  We had walked through the Cosmo, Crystals and finally decided on Julian Serrano in Aria.  The restaurant was starting to get busy with the dinner crowd, but we were still able to get a table right away.

My brain was pretty fried from partying two nights already, so I asked for our servers' recommendations and picked something from there.  We ended up getting the Fried Calamari, Spanish Iberico Sliders and Paella Marinera.  The food came out pretty quickly, which was good because we were starving.

The calamari was nice and crispy...pretty much your typical fried calamari.  The sliders were quite good.  They were filled with prime beef, Iberico pork and caramelized onions.  The beef was nice and tender and the caramelized onions gave it a nice sweet flavor.  The paella was huge...it definitely could've been shared by three or four people.  there was calamari, shrimp, mussels, monk fish and vegetables  with saffron rice.  The flavor was amazing and we were quite impressed.  We ended up with leftovers of the paella, and I took it back to my hotel for my post party munchies.  

The service here was very good and our waitress was very attentive.  Granted, most restaurants on the Strip are more pricey, but our bill came out to be very decent for the items we ordered.  I would mark this as a restaurant to come back to and try other items on the menu.
Love the food and the service! Stephan our server really took care of us. If u love tapas then u have to check out this place. Definitely gastronomic !!!
Julian Serrano is located just inside the casino entrance to Aria resort at The City Center on the Vegas Strip. It is an upscale fine dining restaurant that features Spanish tapas (or sharing plates). Simone and I arrived in our finest t-shirts, shorts and sneakers. Although not exactly dressed for a formal dinner, I let the hostess know I had made a reservation and we were quickly escorted past the rich and almost famous to the corner table at the far end of the dining room. Reservations are an absolute necessity if you plan to get a table at this restaurant (especially when dressed like a tourist from Maine).After being seated, our very formal waiter quickly offered us a very expensive wine menu and so we decided to get a diet soda and water ( from the tap). We looked over the menu and decided that we wanted to try the Paella as our entree that we would share. The Paella takes at least 35 minutes to prepare so we placed our order before deciding on our smaller tapas plates. First up we decided on a plate of marinated olives. When they arrived we realized that they were not pitted, so we had fun seeing who could make the biggest mess while trying to get the pits out. The waiter seemed amused by this. The olives were very good and were marinated in roasted garlic and baby onions. For our second tapas we decided to get more adventurous and ordered the Albondigas, which were mini Meatballs cooked in a Tomato and Sherry Sauce. They were some of the most tender meatballs I have ever eaten and they just melted in the mouth. The sauce was mild and light with a nice hint of sherry and also included some roasted baby potatoes.  Our last tapas choice was the new age Egg Potato & Morcilla dish. The dish was a combination of sauteed Wild Mushrooms and Blood Sausage with a soft poached egg, atop a pool of Potato Foam topped with Manchego Cheese Air. This dish was truly memorable and one of the most unique things I have ever eaten. The richness of the sausage and egg combined magicaly with the smokey earthiness of the mushrooms and the potato foam and Manchego air melted away to create a creamy sauce for it all. This dish was a real culinary adventure.  Our Valencia Paella was ready and came to the table piping hot and served in the cast iron pan it was cooked in. It was a delicious combination of baked Saffron laced Spanish rice with house made Chorizo sausage, sauteed Rabbit and tender grilled Chicken topped of with roasted Haricot Verde Green Beans.  We managed to finish off the rather large Paella meal, and then wrapped things up with a dessert tapas of Almond Sponge Cake with Homemade Almond Ice Cream. It was super dense, super moist and super good.  Our entire meal and experience at Julian Serrano was one that I will not soon forget. It was creative, unique and prepared perfectly. I would recommend this to anyone that doesn't mind shelling out a few extra bucks to have the perfect culinary adventure. And next time I'll even wear pants...maybe.
The dcor is very edgy and modern so make sure to take pics pictures! The menu is not extensive, but it is the perfect number of dishes or else I might have trouble deciding. My friend and I ordered the dates (which were excellent!), some kind of bread, and ceviche. We were eating at 10:30pm so the portions were perfect. 

With my friend's sangria, tax, and gratuity... it was $50.
Having only just realized Vegas had a Sushi Samba i HAD to check it out tho its no Park Ave SS. Then i stumbled across this tapas bar, and i hadnt come across any since 1997 outside of Spain that did any justice until now. Love everything about this place. Will def keep returning.
This was a great dining experience.  The service was great, the food rocked, and I actually spent less here than I did at some other very nice restaurants that week.

The dishes were pretty memorable: lobster gazpacho (excellent presentation, tasted great), white ceviche (very nice), charcuterie sampler (loved it), pintxo chorizos (nice), black rice w calamari (great, but a bit rich for the last tapa of the night when I was already full), and bombas (spicy meatballs - very good).  The wine list and the sommelier were impressive, but I went with a cool cocktail...some sort of combination of absinthe, cucumber, and ginger beer that tasted pretty darn good.

The serving sizes were a bit larger than I've run across at other tapas restaurants, so I left uncomfortably full (my fault, not theirs).  On my next visit to Vegas and to this restaurant, I'll order a few less tapas and it'll be perfect.
This place gets a C+ (good thing I gave extra credit points earned with the bathroom presentation).

Pros:
1) Aesthetics - the restaurant looks great, the plate presentation looks great, even the bathrooms look great. Love the mosaic tile-job in the bathrooms.  Great color scheme overall.
2) Location - it's in the Aria...can't get any closer...and if you are staying in the Cosmo/Aria/Monte - no cab fare!
3) Learn spanish while visiting the bathroom.  Seriously...spanish 101 cd is going on while you sit/stand/wait in the bathrooms.....think....loungy music when you get up from the table...stroll 100 paces...enter bathroom...and you hear "Autumn...Autumn........Beer...Cerveza..........Money...Deniro...".  You get the point.  
4) Service - Our waitress was on top-of-it.  She got our refills, bill, etc. at just the right time.

Cons:
1) Bartender needs to go.......and here's why:

I tended bar p/t for nearly 8 yrs.  I give a little credit to bartenders when they are a) "in the weeds", b) making 5 different kinds of blended/fu-fu drinks c) dinner rush. I expect a Vegas bartender in an upscale hotel restaurant to be able to take a drink order and deliver it to the party within a reasonable amount of time.

The main bartender looked as though he was so buried you'd think he was working a night club during the main 1030-11p rush.  I looked around and saw every spot at the bar was taken (it only sat ~18peeps) but we were the only peeps standing around asking for a drink.  The tables were full but not packed so he wasn't busy with the server's request.  There were 2 other bartenders working as well.   Then the servers were bringing out dishes for the patrons that were seated at the bar so he wasn't busy with that.  The bartender kept going back and forth between us, the patrons at the bar, the servers running around...you get the point.

We all ordered our 3 drinks total at the same time.  After 15 minutes...he had provided 1...a glass of wine.  We didn't order anything complicated...let's see...glass of red wine, Jeiger-RedBull (as a drink), and a Capn-Coke....nothing too crazy.  No chicky Cosmo, no fu-fu frozen pina-what-cha-ma-call-it.  3 easy drinks.  I looked at the bartender...and he was sweating it...again...not sure why.  

Then my buddy says...hey buddy....can we get the Jeiger-RedBull and Capn-coke.  He is like...oh...oh yea.... no apology, no offer of a freebie or a discount.  another 10 minutes he came with our drinks.  We paid...and about 1 min later we were seated.  

2) Prices.... I know to expect to pay more in a hotel, I know to expect to pay more in a Vegas hotel....and yet I know to expect to pay more in the "latest and greatest hotel in Vegas".....but come on.  Seriously.  $17 for 1 single lamb chop?  $16 for 2 mini cheeseburgers?

3) Portions are small...even for a Tapas-style restaurant.  Each person will need to order minimum of 3 dishes each.
Well Aria is my fav hotel on the strip but having been to Madrid I wanted to check out Julian Serrano because of my absolute favorite thing in Spain -  serrano ham. Now I am VERY bias because it is DELICIOUS in Spain and well it didnt disappoint! I have a great time here guzzling sangrias and quite a few appetizers. I was told a lot of celebrities come here (Eva Longoria was just there) but I didnt see any that day... I always leave 5 stars for a place that I swear I spent well over 4 hours at! CRAY! Food is excellent -  all you need is to get sloshed and hit up the roulette tables... GO BLACK!
Aww. Gotta bump you down JS. Somewhat of a letdown for a handful of out of town guests who had enjoyed their time at Firefly. Mussels were tiny, wasn't feeling the foamy presentation of the pork belly dish (hello Goyemon!) and tried a few other dishes which were fine. Still, service and white wine sangria is still on point just don't think I'm coming back for a while.
Have eaten here probably 4 5x now and it is really one of my fave restaurants for a night out on the Strip... 

So... why 3 stars only this time???  I'm gonna throw the reservation peeps under the bus here... Early last week I called the direct restaurant line (not the general MGM dining reservation line) to speak with someone at the restaurant to reserve a special table (one of the cool "penninsula" tables right by the kitchen) for a special birthday celebration on the subsequent Friday. 

I called at an off hours to ensure that I could explain to the person that I really wanted this particular table blah blah.  To make a long story short, I explained everything and was assured that that table was booked for me at 7:30 that Friday, and received my confirmation code and was so excited for the special birthday meal to come... 

Well, Io and behold we arrived at the designated time that Friday all ready to celebrate and they had screwed up the reservation (had booked us instead at 6pm) so of course, no available kitchen-view table for us :(

Sigh... So our special evening was celebrated at at tiny table w/ no view of anything at the way back of the restaurant.  The saving grace was absolutely *excellent* service by our super-friendly waitperson (Ernest) and the always amazing food ~ esp. the anchovies on toast, the white ceviche and and a drop-dead delicious mushroom risotto.

Moral of the story: CONFIRM your reservation the day before to ensure that it has not been screwed up, especially if it is a special occasion evening.
This place is great. We stopped in once for lunch, and a 2nd time for dinner while we were staying at Aria. Lunch was quick and easy. They have a homemade Sangria that is very popular. For dinner, I had the pork chop which was very good. A few other people at my table got a variety of Tapas. Def try the spanish sliders.
Absolutely delicious, at a decent price point, for quick service, at a classy joint directly on the strip.  Manchega cheese brushcetta was finger-lickin good, the Spanish pizza was phenomenal, the service, top-notch!!! We were served right away. Love it and want to go back!
For someone that loves tapas, and loves modern / molecular gastronomy even more, Julian Serrano was total bliss.  From the moment we sat down, everyone was super accommodating and friendly. The waitress obliged our many questions about the dishes. Even when we asked probably dumb questions to the sommelier, he seemed just genuinely excited to talk about wine. Definitely not the usual smug a*hole you find at most expensive restaurants.

From the rather dark and cave like ambiance of the Aria Hotel's casino floor, Julian Serrano (JS) is a pop of very bright colors and trendy styles. There are decorative sound barriers between the casino floor and the restaurant, so you are sheltered from all the noise and smoke of the casino.

The tapas dishes were the second best tapas I'd ever had, second only to Jose Andres. The traditional Spanish dishes are tasty, but you can generally get them at most Spanish tapas restaurants. Branch out, and try the dishes from the "Modern" section of the menu. These are the hallmarks of Julian Serrano's creativity, not just a mastery of traditional Spanish dishes.

Best Dishes:
The molecular mozzarella with pork belly was fantastic. 
The rabbit and garlic mash dish was very garlicy and delicious.
Huevos Estrellados: This dish was a heart attack we had no chance of finishing, but it was delicious. French fries, fried eggs, and chorizo. Wrap your head around that one.

Not so great dishes:
While I love lobster, and I love pineapple, the lobster-pineapple skewer was too salty/rubbery, and not my favorite.
The gambas/shrimp dish was just cooked shrimp in a bowl of garlic-flavored butter. Really nothing to write home about.

Dishes run about 10-15 dollars each.  Total bill at the end of the night was under $200 for two of us after a bottle of wine (average price, not vintage, not the cheapest on the menu), enough tapas dishes to really fill us up, and a split dessert.
My wife and I visited this wonderful restaurant for Easter lunch. The albondigas (meatballs) were incredibe. They're served in a lightly spiced tomatoe sauce. The steak and cheese with honey and walnuts is a must have. We had 2 other tapas that were excellent also. 

My father in-law is from Spain so my wife knows good Spanish food! The churros and hot chocolate was the best she's had on this side of the big pond.

The servers were friendly and very knowledgeable.

This would be a place to bring a large group of friends.

The bill was 108 before tip. (5 tapas, 2 martinis, 1 dessert)
Every item was heaven . Trust me on the chorizo fries w the fried egg on top. Die.   I mean dreamy delicious perfect yummy ness.
Julian Serrano continues to be really awesome, solidly in to my 4-star territory now. We went back, and this time, the place was packed. We grabbed the last two seats at the bar and tucked in. The highlights:

Still amazing ceviche. Very heavy lime flavor, which I love, tender seafood, and a little heat.

"Tuna cones" are very tasty, tuna sashimi stuffed in to a wonton cone. The wonton was a little on the crisp side...a little towards an eggshell shattering consistency, if you know what I mean? Might be a bit off putting.

Amazing beef sliders, with tomato and some cured ham. Tender...delicious...seriously like eating butter.

And the lobster paella (I went there) was also pretty good. Rice at the perfect consistency, delicious chorizo and chicken, lots of green peas for a little sweet - but not much in the way of lobster. Maybe two good bites per person. This serving is for two, which is fine - good way to have a larger dish and try some smaller things. It'd been a while since I'd had any paella, so this tasted good to me.

I'm glad that if I repeated anything from my last Vegas trip, I repeated here. And thankfully, there's still more to try...
So i went here expecting really good tapas, but what i got was over cooked crap that i wouldn't feed a dog. It was clear that when the food came out and it was barely warm they were pre-cooking everything, then warming it up quickly and serving it. There is no way that it could be  prepared fresh and served as quickly as it was. The sauces were over powering the rest of the flavors, and a whole list of other issues. We left and went to another place.
This was one of the best meals I had while I was in Vegas! Everything that I ordered was amazing.  My cousins and I are vegetarian and this restaurant offers a large selection to choose from.  I really really loved the risotto!! The goat cheese stuffed peppers were also pretty amazing.  
Next time I am in Vegas this will be my first meal!
Recently stumbled in here for a late lunch while visiting Vegas. We wanted something light and tapas seemed to be a good way to engage in portion control. 

After wading through the large menu of tasty-sounding things, we ended up with the piquillo peppers (based on our server's enthusiastic recommendation), braised rabbit, and a cheese tray. We rounded everything out with a couple of glasses of verdejo.

Yeah, I know cheese trays are typically kind of boring, but this one was excellent: four cheeses running that soft-to-hard, mild-to-blue-cheesy spectrum with tasty toast points and a bit of fig for good measure. And it was my first time trying rabbit, which was tender, well-seasoned, and perfectly cooked. I'm a fan, it seems. However, the stars of the show were the piquillo peppers, stuffed with creamy goat cheese and topped with a kind of mole-esque tomato sauce. Even my boyfriend (not a huge tomato fan) was in love with this, to the point that he was really excited to try making a tomato and red pepper soup at home to simulate some of the flavors of this dish.

Service was great. Prices are high, but it's Vegas. We are definitely going to have to come back for a full meal (the paellas sounded amazing!)
We went early and were not disappointed. The early bird menu offers 3 choices each for an appetizer, main course and dessert. Add in the wine pairings and it's $60 per person.Not bad for a delicious meal of that level. 
Service was quick and friendly. Our waiter was very knowledgable about the food and the wine.
I lost count of how many dishes we ordered and what some of them were - but every time something came out of the kitchen, I couldn't get enough. The ceviche was stellar. Mussels were excellent as was the spanish tortilla. I loved the pata negra ham, black rice with lobster and calamari, as well as the iberico sliders. This was probably the best meal I had the whole trip.
Nasim Says EVERYONE must try this place! Out of this world!!
Hands down one of the best restaurants I have been to in Vegas!

Lobstar salad left me speechless and wanting more. Heirloom baby tomatoes were AHHHHMAZING. The lobster was sooo fresh and succulent. It really can't get better.

The steak was in a mix of 2 different types of sauces, green and yellow I recall. Another homerun. Moist and tender on par with a 5 star steakhouse.

Seafood soup I could potenitally see myself enjoying this concotion everyday.They are a little stingy with the seafood though.

Rabbit with mashed potatoes. So this was my first time trying rabbit so maybe I shouldn't give my opinion on this. Tastes like chicken?

Sangria (white and red) were both delicious, I could easily say the best I have ever had. Even better than the ones I make at home. 

I don't think you can possibly have anything mediocre at this place. Fun atmosphere in Aria close to the casino. Young vibe. Great Bar and even better food that has some quality and substance to back it up. 

It is alwasy packed so get ready to wait a bit and reservations come highly recommended.
This was a disappointment. I've been to Picasso at the Bellagio and I know what Julian Serrano can do. This meal wasn't a disaster by any means but when you pay these kind of prices, you expect a four or five star experience.

We arrived early for a 5:15pm reservation and were seated prompty. The look of the place (inside the Aria Resort which is part of the City Center complex) is fantastic with some of the best restaurant chairs I've sat in. If you have back problems and are large, you know what I'm talking about. These chairs were generously padded with upper back support.

My partner and I ordered the four-course Signature Tasting menu. I got the wine pairing. The first course was a delightful mixed baby Romaine salad with walnuts, roasted peppers, and Cabrales cheese.  In a sign of things to come, my first wine pairing came while I was in the restroom. It was a full glass of champagne - way too much. I was gulping it but was only a third of the way when the next course came. Also, the pairing was weak - matching champage with a lively, flavorful salad seems lazy.  It simply did not match the inspiration of the salad.

The second course was the standout course - a creamy, wild mushroom risotto. The flavor was intense and earthy. I'd go back just for this course. However, my wine pairing showed up when I was midway through the risotto.  Once again the wine selection was mediocre.  A great wine pairing will play off the flavors of the food. This wine did nothing. Maybe the emphasis on all things Spanish didn't give the somolier enough room to operate.

The third course was where it all crashed. First, my partner received his course first (chicken wrapped around sausage) and was a third of the way through it before I received mine. My first bites of the pork chop were delicious but by the third bite I knew they had seriously overcooked it.  It got drier and drier as I got into it. To get a sense of how dry it was, I had to use a fair amount of force to get my fork into it! At this point, I brought my waiter over to tell her. I continued eating, she brought of the manager over who offered to cook another pork chop or substitute another course. This might make sense if I was eating alone but not with a show to catch or a partner sitting by while I wait for a new entree. This wine pairing was better but I was using anything available (including the leftover champage from the first course) to wash down the pork chop.

The manager came back to ask if there was anything else he could do.  I said no. The manager deducted half the cost of my tasting menu for our tab.  I might go back and try an ala carte/tapas approach. The reason we select the tasting menus is to allow the chef to showcase the best of what he has to offer. For the prices this restaurant charges, you expect fabulous. What we got instead was decidedly not.
The wedding party we were with came here to start the night off with some Tapas and vino so to speak. This place was specifically chosen as a number of us did our MBA's together in Madrid, Spain, so wanted to see how a Madrid Native (Julian Serrano), put the swank in Las Vegas. 

Verdict - the food here was better than we got in Madrid, hands down. The Sangria was a huge disappointment. Not even close to the average Sangria served in Madrid. With that said, the Spanish Absinthe was a very nice surprise. Service was excellent and if we were back in Vegas we would most likely visit Julian Serrano, except for the fact that it is in the Aria Hotel and we had a huge compliant with City Bar (which means we will probably avoid the Aria in the future!).
Like a bug to a light I was attracted to this place by the other Yelp reviewers and the fact it was in eye site from the lobby when I checked into the Aria.  I am happy to report even though the wait was an hour, the food and experience was worth every minute I had to spend drinking in the casino.  I hate it when restaurants make me consume adult beverages.

I may have had a medium Vegas buzz by the time we were seated but I know the Tuna Cones will go down in history as one of my all time favorite small plates.  You must have those little cones of heaven.  The white ceviche was a solid dish that I would have again and the pintxo de chorizos should not be missed.  However those paled in comparison to the mixed paella.  We got one to share after about 8 tapas for a table of 6. It is a big dish that is great for sharing.

Lastly have the espresso cocktail at the end of the meal...WOW!

The atmosphere is nothing to talk about and open to the lobby.  I didn't like that but the service made up for it.  My only other suggestion is to get there either early or after 9:30pm.  The place is packed.

Enjoy!
This was one of the best nights/places I have ever had and eaten at.

I have never had Tapas before, and my boyfriend is a Manager at a high-end hotel and his Director set us up at Julian Serrano's Restraunt when we were in Vegas. We were immediatly sat by the general manager and had the menu changed exclusively for us, all COMPD', and at the end of our amazing meal Julian Serrano himself came to greet us at our table and share some insight on the menu and give us both hugs and a kiss on both cheeks!!

 Truly an amazing expirience. Julian Serrano is a mastermind at Culinary Arts.
ive been to barcelona, palma de mallorca spain... 
ive had tapas in SPAIN.

but i'd rather eat TAPAS @ Julian Serrano!!!!!!!!!!

Literally everything i have ordered here is good, if not very good.

The pitchers of sangria are huge. Good for parties of 4... any less, it might be better to order by the glass.

Highly Recommend:

Colorado Lamb Chops - order in an entree... they give you two chops. I usually order 2 entrees, they are that good!

Salmon with Truffle - Mmmmmmmmm

Ceviche - flavor is perfect, served with Taro chips.

Oh yeah... & they have the best Paella i've ever had in my life. Be sure to bring a friend, or 5 if you order the Paella. its huge!!

one of my fav places in vegas!
Good food, but I wasn't blown away.  We started with the dates and calamari.  The dates were pretty tasty, but the calamari tasted like it had been warmed up in a microwave.  It was soggy and blah.  Next came the white fish ceviche, which was probably my favorite.  My only complaint was that we didn't get enough chips to go with the fish.  Finally, our entree was mariscada plate.  It came with a lobster tail, shrimp, clams, mussels, and a meringue.  The seafood was good, but the meringue was so strange.  I'm not sure if that's a normal thing to serve with tapas, but it tasted like a sponge - or insulation.  And there was so much of it!  We honestly weren't even sure what it was and asked a server, and she said she wasn't sure either.  We had to look at a menu to figure it out. 

Our waiter was great and the atmosphere was nice.  I also enjoyed the Spanish lesson in the bathroom :)
Best tapas is town. The seviche is the best. Prices are not bad. Great service and location.
I wish Julian Serrano had a restaurant in the Bay. I would be there one too many times. 

This place completely pulls you in, it speaks to you, its so inviting with its shiny decor and willowy Tim Burton-esque trees. Every single tapas was made with perfect care and tenderness, we ordered about 4-5 dishes... ceviche, scallops, something beefy on a skewer. The only thing I would've reselected would be the paella--the combination of rabbit, chicken and sausage didn't feel or taste right. Rabbit- what a weird mental picture, I only nibbled on what I thought was rabbit, tasted like chicken with less flavor, it felt so wrong yet still so wrong.

Next time, I would order their seafood paella instead. Their strong expresso shot with their hardened sugar pop made exclusively for coffee skinny dipping was a nice finishing touch, for this is what got me from here to our next destination- Haze, one level down. Boy did I need it. I was in satiety heaven.  

I love it here. I love tapas and I love Julian Serrano. Three thumbs, way way up.
Came here for a business dinner and sampled some delicious tapas. A little loud, service was pretty decent, enjoyable sangria. I was a little weirded out in the bathroom - instead of music there was a strange english/spanish lesson going on...translating what can only be described as bar language? 'yes, i would like another drink.' 'this wine is delicious.' 'where are the bathrooms?' Strange.

Some dishes worth checking out:
Fried Calamari - the most tender pieces of calamari I've ever had. Not chewy at all. Magical.

Black Rice - not overwhelmingly squid-inky/briny.

Sauteed Padron Peppers - addictive. We were popping these like edamame.

Stuffed dates - yeah, these are your basic bacon wrapped stuffed dates taken one step further. Crisp and fried.

I think we also got an oxtail dish? I have no idea what it was, but I've never had such tender meat before. Heavenly.
What a wonderful dinner experience in Las Vegas. I highly recommend this restaurant because it really offers a unique food experience while being moderately priced. Julian Serrano has a variety of options to choose from depending on the level of your appetite (tapas to full meals). I would definitely return
I was a bit disappointed with this first try of Seranno's tapas restaurant in Aria although the food was very good.  It was the service that was somewhat off.  I decided before I went to try the signature tasting menu--four courses with choices in each section.  

First course was a choice of a salad or Castilian soup.  I ordered the soup.  My server came back in a short time to tell me they no longer have that soup, and she showed me a menu from which I could choose from three different dishes.  I opted for the Lobster gazpacho.  The server then said, "You know that's cold, don't you?"  Do I look that much like a rube? (that's rhetorical!)  The gazpacho was excellent.  Great tomato flavor and there were several pieces of tasty lobster.

Course two was the creamy risotto with wild mushrooms and manchego cheese.  The risotto was very flavorful and very enjoyable!

For the third course, I chose the Crispy chicken breast roulada with sauted potatoes, pork chorizo, and roasted red pepper.  Very tasty!

Finally, I was allowed to order anything off their dessert menu rather than choose from the two choices on the tasting menu.  I chose the molten chocolate cake, with orange jelly and blood orange sorbet.  I didn't taste any orange jelly.  The sorbet was sitting on top of some chopped mango.  The cake and the sorbet were very tasty.  It's nice they allow you to choose any dessert because they're all the same price.

As for the service, aside from the question about gazpacho mentioned above, I was enjoying the risotto and was not yet finished with it when the server brought the chicken roulada and placed it along side the risotto.  It's not like the place was crowded and they were moving the guests out quickly.  Shouldn't a server check before they bring out a dish like this?  My iced tea was not refilled until it was time to order dessert.  It should have been much sooner.  I wonder why a tapas place like this bothers with a tasting menu. 

The dinner was good but it wasn't something that caused me to think that I had to return to this restaurant.  There are too many other places.
Excellent tapas.  Great service.

Came here with my bachelorette crew of 12 and the manager offered to create us a custom menu if we just named our price.  Someone threw out $75 per person (thinking this included only food and not tax and tip) and we proceeded to receive a feast.  There were more courses than I could count (and much more than we could finish) and everything was really delicious.  We also had a few hearty pitchers of sangria to go around.  The experience was great and I would definitely recommend this place to a larger group on their trip to Vegas.
this is a solid choice in a town of over-hyped and sometimes over-priced eateries. the venue is spacious and comfortable with an open kitchen for your viewing pleasure. i love the organized menu that has a section for each type of tapa (soups/salads, nouveau style, seafood, meats, vegetarian) and a separate selection of paellas. i recommend:

*fresh calamari a la plancha - the citrusy, salty evoo pairs well with the sweetness of the caramelized onions

*albondigas - tender, flavorful pork/beef meatballs with a light tomato sauce. eat this with a spoon

*beef and cheese - another nice sweet/salty combo. the honey really kicks this dish up a notch

*grilled lamb chop - a bit pricey for 1 chop ($16) but it's perfectly seasoned and cooked

both housemade sangrias are excellent. the white is refreshing and light...a good starter. the red is bold and delicious. the service was spot-on...timing of the dishes, attentiveness and friendliness. it's always a good time when i visit.
Stopped by for a quick lunch, and I was pretty happy with it. We ordered the following tapas (the lunch menu is limited compared to the dinner tapas menu):

- Gambas: awesome sauteed shrimp, definitely get this
- Brava Potatoes: nice and spicy, recommended
- Beef and Cheese: a giant hunk of meat on a piece of bread, almost no cheese. PASS.
- Pan Machengo: pretty bland, PASS.
- Spanish Tortilla: you would expect this order to have a tortilla, but you'd be WRONG. It is actually more like a quiche. If we had known that, we would not have ordered it.
- Stuffed piquollo peppers: my colleague ordered this and said it was very good.

Service was very good and attentive without being overbearing. I ordered a glass of sangria and it was unusual because it didn't really have any fruit in it. On the other hand, it was very strong which might be good for you if you're in Vegas.

I would definitely go back to Julian Serrano, but I would probably try the dinner menu instead because they have more options.
My wife and I ate at Julian Serrano's on 6/18/12. This was a top notch dining experience. They have an extensive wine list. We asked the Sommelier for guidance with a Spanish wine that would resemble an Oregon Pinot. She did a perfect job. We had several Tapas that were delicious. We shared the Mixed Paella and what a treat. For dessert we had the molten lava chocolate also very good. My wife ordered the Absinthe and they brought over a contraption that serves the Absinthe with sugared water. Totally cool and my wife enjoyed it very much. Julian Serrano is one of the better food experiences I have had. Definitely not cheap, but well worth it. My wife and I felt completey perfect after our meal.
Ohhh, Julian Serrano, how we love thee! My family and I had never been too partial to tapas, but Mr. Serrano has forever ingrained his delectable recipes into our "Vegas Hall of Fame."
But, really. JS is one of our favorite lunch options in Vegas and for good reason! We have been here twice and both times have cemented themselves into my mind, directly wiring themselves in my brain to the drooling mechanism....
Okay, enough with the gushing, let's get down to business: 

Ambiance/Appearance:

This is one heck of a dazzling restaurant inside of Aria. JS is delightfully colorful and has a welcoming yet upscale ambiance mood in the air. The hostess/seating staff is friendly and we've never had to wait to be seated, even on a weekend. The seating is comfy and, if in view of the bar area, you can catch up on your favorite sporting game/ESPN. I usually don't mention bathrooms in my reviews..but they have nifty Spanish lessons on the speakers while you do your business. 
...Soooo multicultural. 

Service:
Service has always been 4.5 stars. Only complaint is that water refills can be a bit delayed..and I drink a lot of water. No worries, though! This minor drawback is overshadowed by the knowledgeable waitstaff and accommodating manager (later on). 

FOOOOOD:

Julian Serrano has such a wide array of Spanish tapas, it can almost be a bit daunting when you first open the menu. The prices are extremely reasonable for Las Vegas, no less for such a fabulous restaurant. We have had our fair share of tapas, and I seem to remember the following (** designating favorites): 

**--Ahi Tuna Tempura: Fresh Ahi with just the slightest tempura crusting..not this thick coating that other places are enamored with that overpowers the tuna flavor. I want to say there are approximately 3 or 4 decently sized pieces. Great for a table of four! 

--Bunuelos de Bacalao: Essentially fried cod, but this fried cod was pretty tasty. It came with a nice potato puree that complimented the Atlantic cod quite nicely. If I had to pick between this and the tuna, though, I pick the Ahi Tuna every time. 

--Papas Bravas: Good potatoes, but I actually found this dish very boring. I wouldn't order it again. 

--Huevos Estrellados: Uses the above potatoes, but has Spanish chorizo and fried, runny egg mixed throughout to create an interesting, homogeneous mixture of egg, salty chorizo, and the potatoes. My dad LOVES this dish, but I found it semi-average, mostly because I don't like runny eggs! If you're a fan of that, then this dish is right up your alley. 

**--Stuffed Piquillo Peppers: OMG. I don't like pulling out the "OMG" card very often...but... OMG. These are so amazing. Maybe because I'm such a sucker for good goat cheese...and this has excellent goat cheese stuffed within the sliced peppers. I had never had a piquillo pepper before, and I'm kicking myself for wasting so many years not stuffing my face with these lovely red peppers. So delicious! 

**--Creamy Risotto: Consisting of wild mushrooms and aged manchego, mmmm. My mom orders this each time and I make sure to get my fair share. The manchego makes this item as good as it is. 

--Chicken Croquetas: Fried in the same way as a lightly breaded cheese stick (the only analogy I can think of). The base inside is a creamy Bechamel sauce. I can't remember too much about these otherwise. Still good! Give these a shot. 

**--Beef & Cheese: GETTT THISSSS. This may sound like the most unappetizing, boring name for a dish EVER; however, this is perhaps my favorite item we get each time. This was some of the most tender steak I've had in my years (and I've eaten at my fair share of steakhouses-- take a look at my review for SW Steakhouse at Wynn for my feelings about that!). 

--Pintxo de Chorizos: The pork was too tough for our liking...maybe we just caught them on a bad day. Skip this one unless you're a huge fan of marinated pork chorizo. We let our waiter know that we weren't big fans of this, and he took it away, and the manager came over and took it off the bill and apologized profusely. No worries, Neil Patrick Harris twin! (Seriously. This guy is a carbon copy of NPH). 


DESSERTS:
(~View my picture uploads for a peek at these desserts)

**--Churros: Served with a spicy chocolate sauce. Delicious churros. Being from the Southwest, I was a bit skeptical to try these...but my family loves Julian's take on churros! Crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. Give these teardrop-shaped, fried pastries a try. 

--Flan: Creamy and over too liquid-y like some can be. Had a delicious fruit ensemble atop the flan with most berries. 

--Bunuelos: Pretty much like beignet donuts. We also enjoy these. Served with a butterscotch type of sauce...mm. I still prefer the churros, though! 

TIP: This place can get packed on weekend dinners. Call during the day for reservations. 

Bottom line: I can't wait to go back to get my tapas fix.
We stopped here two day's in a row.   Diane loved it!  One of the reason's I love Tapas Style dining is that allows people to try new things without feeling intimidated. We sat the bar, had a few drinks and tried a bunch of different treats. Since they were small and we were sharing, Diane had no problem trying dishes she would never have ordered on her own. We tried things with "Molecular" Mozzarella and Pineapple as well as, Pork Belly and Habenero Peppers. Diane enjoyed things so much, she suggested our return trip, which I gladly agreed to. Our Bartenders and Servers were fantastic, especially Primo, who kept us fed, lubricated and entertained for several hours!


EDIT
Just to clarify, The Bar itself is still not wheelchair accessible, but I adapted the situation by using an adjacent chair as my "table".
Julian Serrano, where have you been all my life? Recently had a ladies weekend in Vegas and a friend made reservations at this amazing restaurant in the Aria. We were all starving after a day at the spa and begged the waiter to bring plates out as they were ready. They were bringing plates out in what felt like seconds. And everything was amazing, but the highlights for me were the coca vegetarian, the stuffed piquillo peppers, and the churros. (Good number of items for vegetarians, by the way.) My mouth is watering now. Back to Vegas. Must go back to Vegas.
First off, I must say the food, sangria and service were all very good and high quality. But I only give it 3 stars because I feel the prices really are too high for the portions, despite the quality. 
6 of us had dinner here last night, with 2 pitchers of sangria and dessert, and the bill was about $435 with tip. We were comfortably fed, but frankly I could have continued eating. I would come again, but probably not for full dinner.

We had reservations and were seated right away, near the front open area, which was fine with us. There were open tables in back, we probably could have requested to be seated in a more private area if we wanted. Servers were attentive, made good recommendations when requested, explained each dish well, and kept our glasses full of both water and sangria. 

We had (multiples of many for a table of 6):

1 pitcher each, red and white sangria (both delicious! best I've ever had)
*White Ceviche (great texture, lots of lime flavor, good portion size)
*Seared Scallop (again, great texture, like butter, perfectly cooked, smallish portion, 1 scallop)
*Stuffed Piquillo Peppers (a favorite of the night! ordered a second round, 2 peppers per plate)
*Creamy Risotto (another best of the night! perfect texture and flavor, moderate portion size)
Beef & Cheese (simple name for a tasty dish, good quality, cooked and seasoned well, not super spectacular though, moderate portion size)
Tuna Sashimi Cones (great quality, well balanced flavors, but not something I'll crave on its own, 3 cones per plate)
Fried Calamari (very good but pretty basic recipe, nothing I can't get elsewhere, moderate portion size)
Brava Potatoes (crunchy outside, soft inside, tasty sauce, but still just potatoes, good portion size)
Spanish Tortilla (misnomer - this is not a tortilla, more like a potato layered quiche. tasty but nothing special - needed more salt, moderate portion size)

And for dessert we had the Churros and Spicy Chocolate sauce. I was a little disappointed with this dish after the rave reviews on Yelp. It was good, but I would have preferred more cinnamon on the churro, and it was a little too crunchy, in my opinion. 

Overall, it was a very good meal. I probably won't go back for dinner due to "price to fullness" ratio, but I would go for a splurge on drinks with appetizers. I would highly recommend the Sangria, and I marked the dishes with a * that I would definitely order again.

Many reviews have compared this to Firefly, and I would absolutely rate Julian's higher on quality and class, but maybe not quite worth the price jump for smaller portions. That's just my opinion and I'm sure others will disagree.
As reticent as I am to dole out five stars, I've got to say: Julian Serrano at the Aria is truly a five star experience. The quality of food in comparison to the price, combined with atmosphere, make this a great Strip restaurant. 

While Julian Serrrano lacks the great location (not a high floor, no views or windows) of other highly-touted celebrity chef restaurants in the Strip, it certainly does not suffer from subpar decor or ambience. Tables are spaced nicely apart, chairs are large and comfy, and the tables are big enough to promote tapas-style dining of multiple small plates shared amongst a group of people. 

Having had the real deal in Spain, I found that Julian Serrano stayed close enough to the real deal to pay proper homage to the tapas' heritage while still playing up to the level and diversity of palates you'll find on the strip. 

The pan tomate didn't shy away from liberal use of garlic, as most Americanized Spanish restaurants would. And the mixed olive plate was done in a decidedly citrusy brine with young, powerful green olives that offered great character and in-your-face brightness. 

The mushroom risotto was spot on, the arborio rice cooked to leave the perfect amount of tooth still on the grains (the pasta equivalent of al dente). We also very much enjoyed the truffled salmon, cheese plate and Spanish 'pizetttas'. 

Service throughout the evening was pretty impeccable: well-spaced, attentive, but not intrusive. What I also liked is that with the restaurant not garnering some of the popularity as other A-list chefs on the strip, Julian Serrano is neither too crowded or loud. It's all just right, and makes for a great experience.
Good as usual.  Wicked sangria both red and white.  Tried the paella this time.  The Mix Paella.  Awesome.  Good flavor, more traditional than most recipes.  Gambas were amazing.  Tuna raspberry skewer, pineapple lobster skewer, and the huevos estrellados are amazing.  The menu reads easy, and I'm sure everything is good.  Trust what you order if you are a spanish food beginner.  It will turn out good.
We went here on our last day visiting Vegas because I was craving a Cheese Plate. they did not have one on the lunch menu but they were accommodating and made me the one off the dinner menu I also got the meat plate both were very good. I would come back again.
I was reluctant to believe the reviewer who reported food poisoning, and so we eagerly ate at Julian Serrano. We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner -- the food was great and so was the service. Then I got sick the next day. And 3 days later, I'm still not able to enjoy eating. As good as that may be for my waistline, it's a pretty serious indictment of the food storage and prep at this restaurant. The food may be wonderful, but if it makes me sick, I'll never visit again.
This was the restaurant my friends and I chose to reacquaint ourselves after several months of not seeing each other. We were dressed up and ready to take on Vegas. This was also the place I opened the menu, scanned the dishes listed, and exclaimed, "I'm too drunk to read the menu!!" 

All I remember was the food was great, the decor was fantastic, and the prices weren't too bad. I distinctly remember eating a bowl of mussels that were so juicy and flavorful. Even though it was tapas, meant to split between a group of people, there still wasn't that much to go around. Luckily, my friends compensated for my lack of decision making and ordered enough to make all of us full.
Yes, Yes every time Yes!  The food has always been delicious, delightful little morsels of yumminess.  Service has always been wonderful and attentive.  Eager to offer guidance on what to order/how much to order.    My favorites are the bacon wrapped dates, the ceviche, and the mushroom risotto (FYI - I don't even like mushrooms).   I am giving four stars rather than five because I don't feel that they have perfected their paella yet.  It is a little too smoky/burnt in flavor for my palette.  Also, their sangria is just ok.  But - they have a full bar so imbibe in just about anything else and the dinner will still be amazing.   

So all in all, great great place to enjoy a great meal.
I came here for an early dinner tonight to enjoy the tapas.  For a resort hotel the food was very good. But overall, I found the food close to great but just not there. 

The risotto was full of flavor, but a bit too al dente and firm. It should have been a little soupy but the sauce was thick. 

The black rice was prepared the same. Full of flavor with lots of color and contrast and the squid was cooked perfect. But again, I found the rice a bit too firm for my liking. 

Lastly I ordered the monkfish. Cooked crispy, but a touch over seasoned with salt. The veggies underneath and the flavored oils were delicious. 

Service was a bit inattentive and I came early and it wasn't crowded. There's lots of intriguing dishes on the menu, but I'm not sure if I'd make this a dining destination.
Most disappointing dinner I have had in a long time. We got 4 Tapas and none were great. Skirt Steak was bland. Ahi Tuna was not so fresh. And the dates were tiny. I'd rate this place a must miss.
Came here on a Saturday night in July for a bachelorette party. Groups of 9 girls can be challenging...but not for Julian Serrano. We arranged for a set menu with Sangria ahead of time and were pleasantly surprised to have personalized menus and an amazing table upon arrival. The entire staff treated us like VIPS and the food was absolutely wonderful. It was a great experience an I know we are all looking forward to going back!
Checked this place out for dinner tonight and was very impressed.  I saw they offered an early dinner special on their website, but had to ask for that menu when I was seated.  The decor is very nice, the service was nice and the food was excellent.  I thoroughly enjoyed the chicken croquettes, the pork chop and the rice pudding - everything was seriously good!
Gaspacho - very good, beet soup with goat cheese - mmmmmmmm I can still taste it, Vegas at it's finest!
Love this place, have been multiple times.  I have had hit and miss with the servers but overall it is great.  Very expensive but worth it as I have had lots of tapas.  The chicken croquets are by far the best and I could eat a dozen.  The steak is great and I always over eat when I have their tapas.  The sangria is good and even when I was pregnant and ordered non alcoholic sangria (which usually isn't very good) was amazing :)

Will return for sure
Way too expensive. 

The food was great but wow was it overpriced. $44 for a pitcher of sangria! There's just way too much good food in Vegas to spend lots of money and leave hungry. Won't be coming back.
The white ceviche was epic. Only $11 too! My girlfriend and I stopped by here because we were craving ceviche. This seemed like the only place on the strip that had ceviche!
This was such a disappointment that two stars is being very generous.  We ate at an amazing tapas restaurant the night before and loved it so much that we decided to try this one based on a recommendation from another couple who had eaten here a few years ago.  We ordered the Sangria which the waitress told us they were noted for yet didn't even have fruit in it.  We ordered the steak sliders which were basically steak with what tasted like mayonnaise on it and they gave you only two sliders and they were extremely small (not to mention pricey).  We had the stuffed dates (again, the portions were so small , three dates and were nothing special , paling to the same dishes we ate at the Tapas Bar the previous night.  We did have one more dish, black rice risotto and this was palatable but nothing special. Food was cold and the water tasted like dish water so we had to order bottle water.  It gets better!  The waitress asked us if we enjoyed our meal so we  told her our opinion and mentioned thatnwe have never been in a restaurant where they didn't put bread or something on the table.  Her response was that they do OFFER bread and stuffed olives but you have to ASK for it.  Well, NOONE OFFERED so how would one know    My recommendation is this place is an over priced tourist trap with substandard service and food.  Julian Serrano should be ashamed of himself  If you want great Tapas and great service for less money, go to FIREFLY!
Very expensive but I do believe that you get what you pay for so this restaurant certainly did a good job on the quality of the dishes and service. We came late on a monday night and the restaurant is about 3/4 full, waited about 5 minutes for a table. we ordered the following:

Tuna Cones: ahi tuna filled inside won ton, very very good! 

white ceviche: white fish, goes great with the chips

pan tomate: toasted bread with fresh garlic tomato sauce very good!

traditional spanish chicken croquetas |

grilled angus flat iron steak 

grilled lamb chop

lobster saffron

marinera PAELLAS, the best I ever had outside spain! they say the portion is for 2 ppl but I think it is more than enough for 4 ppl!


Overall a great dinning experience here and will come back when I win big at the casinos!
I stopped in for a late lunch and sat at the bar. The wait staff was friendly and attentive but not overbearing. I dig paella, but all the paella dishes were for 2 so I got a shrimp tapas dish and the seafood rice. The shrimp was good, a little spice in it and nice and fresh. The rice turned out to be basically paella for one and was a good size for lunch. Would love to go back for dinner again.
The owner is very friendly! I even got to take a picture with him.

Honestly, when my bf brought me here. I thought I wouldn't like it because I like to eat in big portion...Shockingly, their papas, lamb chops and chicken (i forgot what it was I remember it was a chicken) filled me..Expensive but tasty!!! Will definitely come back for the lamb chops!
The best thing about this restaurant is the service. However, the food was nothing special.  For the prices, the food should definitely be special.  If you are looking for unique food, you might be impressed.  The menu encourages a sort of dim sum style dining.  If you pick a few different things from the menu, your group can try a few different menu items.  The food was just okay.  I do  not believe it was good enough to charge the prices they charge.  I don't think I will dine there again.  No one in our group was impressed.
I've never had anything I didn't like from Julian Serrano. The paella, gambas, croquetas, beef and cheese, stuffed peppers, stuffed dates, churros with spicy chocolate dip and the chocolate cake with mango gelato. Great location, great service and great atmosphere. I keep coming back for more.
LOD 10

Been here a couple times after the pool.  Great spot to order n eat Tapas.

Everything we ordered was good - the stand out was a chicken dish that we had to double up on.
First time tapas experience for us both.

Great tasting items we ordered but I don't think I will eat here again. For the price we paid, I was still hungry after.

We ordered:
Beef & Cheese - was ok. 
Ahi tuna - not a fan of raw tuna, ever. but bf liked it.
Risotto - pretty tasty even though I don't like mushrooms.
Chicken Croquettas - wished it was all chicken.
Gambas - the BEST dish, so good!
Scallops - great!

Maybe if we had a resort credit offer again. Maybe.
So i'll finally write my review... after having dined here twice (once for lunch & the other for dinner on 2 separate vegas trip) this place was still A-OK to me. Firefly definitely beats this tapa's place.  i wish there be more tapas places on the strip tho! 

Ambiance was nice, a nice variety of dishes to select from, and service was perfect. It's a great place to share small bites but do keep in mind it ain't that cheap to dine here. 

But what ordered was all ehhh A-OK, only one dished stood out for us & we really liked was the Lobster Saffron.  The others listed below was mehhh A-OK from our dinner:

- Creamy Risotto:  very flavorful but the rice was a tad bit undercooked for our taste. 
  The manchego cheese was definitely a nice touch.
- Monkfish & Pisto: - seared monkfish, eggplant, zucchini, tomato was all very light 
   tasting but not an amazing dish
- Beef & Cheese: prime tenderloin, cheese, honey, walnuts. we didn't even taste
   much of the cheese in this dish but the meat was definitely tender. flavor was ok
- Santiago's cake: a pretty disappointing dessert. we should have gotten the
   buuelos :P

This place could do if I need my tapas fix but we'll see if i'll shall return or not~
Absolutely amazing.  A girlfriend and I went here for dinner and were very impressed.  We ordered the mushroom risotto, spicy potatoes, oxtail, and colorado lamb.  The oxtail was to die for, I could have ordered seven.  The sangria had that slight hint of strawberry and cinnamon and was absolutely delicious.  We regretfully did not order the paella, but the couple next to us did and it looked stunning.  I will absolutely come back here every time I'm in vegas.
Stopped in for a quick bite at the bar before a poker tournament and was impressed with the food and presentation.  All I had was a Spanish meat sandwich, but the flavors were outstanding, particularly in the side shot of fruit gazpacho.   

I would love to return for a larger meal.
Came here for a quick dinner during my recent stay at the Aria. Hostess was very accommodating and our server was a very nice/honest guy. First off, very impressed with the decor. We ordered: Pan Manchego, padron peppers, avocado cannelloni, tuna cones, huevos estrellados, steamed mussels..I think that's it. Everything was pretty good, could've passed on the tuna cones though. However, the Pan Manchego was out of this world, simply AMAZING! I wish I had just ordered like 8 rounds of that instead of everything else. A close second was easily the steamed mussels because the broth was so good that you could literally just drink it, also it was pretty good portion/size. Would definitely reommend the huevos estrellados but might be a little heavy for some.
Julian Serrano is wonderful. We sat at the bar and our bartender Jason rocks! Everything we ordered (5 Tapas dishes) was fresh and wonderful. I wish I had more room, but it was so yummy!
After the drive to Vegas, we arrived just in time for our 8pm dinner reservations.  We had good service and lots of great dishes.

Mr R kept throwing around the word "incredible" but they were all for dishes/drinks that I don't eat.  He loved the White Ceviche and said it was the best dish of the night...I didn't try it, so I can't compare. He also loved his glass of the red sangria.

For the rest of the dishes, we shared:

Pan Manchego - bread, tomatoes, and manchego, its so simple and I can't figure out why its so amazing!

Spanish Iberico Sliders - pretty good, but nothing amazing. It tasted all beef, no pork?

Apple and Manchego Salad - I'm a sucker for apples and manchego and this was a great salad.

Marcona Almonds - I love marcona almonds although they were a bit oily. They were very good and a huge portion ... I wondered if it would be awkward if I snuck out my leftovers in a ziploc bag!

For dessert we shared the Bunuelos which were hot, sugary donuts. The Butterscotch dipping sauce was amazing - we loved the dessert. 

I was a very good dinner and we were very happy we tried it, but if I'm wanting tapas in Vegas, I prefer Jaleo in the Cosmopolitan.  Many similar dishes, but Jaleo is just better.
So Fantastic!  One of our best stops in Vegas!

Great Staff, awesome service.  Each plate was better than the next!  We even ordered items twice!  The risotto was amazing and I still think about it!  Yes, I know that sounds weird but its true.

Thank you for an incredible experience!
One word to describe this place amazing!!! Loved the atmosphere and the Staff was excellent! Loved the modern design and warm palette decor of Julian Serrano. I was amazed by the beautiful restrooms, which were covered from floor to ceiling with shimmering mosaic tiles and they even had Spanish lessons playing on the speakers (I had never seen or heard of restrooms with lessons). 

The food was amazing as well. Our servers were very helpful and answer all our questions that we had about Tapas. First time having Tapas so we had a lot of questions. We were very happy with their suggestions. At first I didn't' think these small plates were going to fill me up but I was wrong. My favorites included: 

             -Red Sangria: this drink was so refreshing.

             - White Ceviche:  this dish was so yummy! I usually not a big fan of Ceviche but this one was so tasty. I loved the lime taste.

             - Papas Bravas: I loved them so much!!! YUMMY!!!

             -Creamy Risotto: this was so good and tasty. I LOVE mushrooms and this was a perfect with manchego.

             -Chicken Croquetas: this was yummy and I enjoyed them.

             -Gambas: very good and flavorful shrimps with garlic and arbol chilies.

I loved this place and can't wait to come back!!!!
excellent food.
Wow, what a great restaurant.  After nine dishes 8 of the 9 were 5 star!  All dishes were very flavorful and plentiful for several people.  The black Cherry martini was also a hit.  The food came out promptly and the French waiter with red hair was pleasant.  Be prepared to spend a little but well worth it.
We love small plate restaurants and Julian Serrano hit the spot. I would highly recommend that you don't miss the risotto, scallops, and the churros for dessert. The chocolate/pepper dipping sauce with the churros is fantastic.

I thought the ceviche was really bland and the lobster saffron while good, it's not really worth the price. Many well grilled tiger prawns could top this dish.
Gorgeous design and luscious tapas make this a sexy spot to dine. We wandered into the Aria just to check out the hotel architecture and design but were quickly seduced by the lush look and feel of Julian Serrano. We weren't even hungry! 

The bright earthy colors, barren black trees that are interwoven throughout the dining area and the delicious smell of tapas were a wonder to take in. I sampled 2 tapas including a salmon and a spinach dish. Everything was yummy. The staff was very attentive. The restrooms were even aesthetically compelling as they were drenched in colorful mosaic tiles. Spanish audio lessons were playing in the bathroom (kinda weird...but who am I to resist an educational opportunity?) 

I highly recommend Julian Serrano for a sophisticated dining experience.
Definitely a big split for me between the service and the food, but man, the food was good:

Red sangria - Strong but well-balanced, not too sweet. 

Sauteed padron peppers - This is a big plate, better suited for four; between the two of us, we each had over a dozen peppers. Beware: the heat is cumulative, so you may be a few peppers in before your boca goes en fuego. 

Tuna cones - Least successful; Spago kills it with their tuna cones, though the tuna itself was good.

Octopus - As noted, the softest octopus out there, tastes great.

Black rice w/fresh calamari, lobster tail, sofrito, squid ink - Definitely the best dish, just orgasmically good and a must-order if you go. Also, since it's a rice dish, it has some nice, anchoring heft for your tapas meal.

Bunelos - We are not ashamed to say that we fully dipped each doughnut in the caramel sauce before consuming, and then we finished off what was left of the sauce on its own with our spoons. Gluttontastic!

Okay, so the service. Our reservation got us the worst table in an otherwise beautiful restaurant: right next to the service station, where servers zipped behind each of our chairs, even kicking the chairs a few times, with no apologies. Rather than attempt to guide us toward a complementary tapas offering, the servers (we had a couple) were more intent on getting the order and getting out. I really would have appreciated them noting, for instance, that the peppers were a pretty big order for two, or that there were three tuna cones for the two of us. There's nothing wrong with being efficient, and I can't knock them for being inattentive, but I felt set aside enough between the poor seating and curt service to pull the four-star meal into a three-star rating for the experience. I liked the food enough to want to return and hope for better service next time, though I'll probably give Jaleo a shot first.
Classy, great service!  Fun atmosphere.  Lots of interesting choices on the menu.  Our waiter gave us some good tips.  
the sangria was delicious and my husband said it was one of the best martinis he's ever had.
Good food but much smaller portions than any other tapas restaurant I've ever been to. So if you're  starving be prepared to order and spend lots. Our waiter Ernest was great too.
Heavenly tapas!

I just adore tapas and was excited to try this place for lunch, also recommended by my boss who had eaten here on a previous business meeting.  I wish I could tell you what tapas we had but we ended up just telling the waiter to bring whatever he recommends.  All were delicious but my favorite tapas was a shrimp dish with saffron, see pics.  It was yummerz!!  I also had their chorizo sandwich which came with a salad and I think a gazpacho shot.  The sandwich was dreamy, goat cheese on top giving it the perfect balance of flavors and textures. I would love to try their dinner which I was told has like a 100 tapas to choose from.
Went there last Sunday night while in Vegas... Food was ok, server was very nice.  

White Sangria - Ok

Fried Calamari - good

Octopus - did not like the potato cake underneath, but the octopus was good.

Mixed Paella - ok but extremely greasy.

Food was just OK, service was OK...  For the money we spent, we could have found better.   

** Note - I may have been bias since we went to Le Cirque the night before... there is a huge difference between food/service when dinner is $500.00 v $125.00.  BUT I have had better tapas and paella at Tapas Papas Fritas in Scottsdale.
We had a reservation that I had made through the "M Life" card program online, prior to our trip to Vegas, for a late dinner on Wednesday night, since we had a show first. 
 I was looking forward to the vegan paella dish, that was what got my attention on their website menu. For $40, I expected it to be fantastic, and it didn't let me down. Hubby and I shared it and we polished it off. It came in a large pan with some spoons to serve ourselves onto our plates. It made for a lovely presentation, i have to say, and it was plenty of food for the two of us. We also had just one tapas to start our meal, the spinach with apple, pine nuts and garlic? It was tasty. I would have liked to try some of the other tapas too, but with the paella coming, we wanted to not stuff ourselves till we burst. 

       The decor is contemporary, the black trees in front were interesting, and I had a view of the back where they have lots of crystal vases and such on shelves. I don't know why they chose to go with that theme of glass decor, but it was classy. Our waiter was a nice guy who answered my questions patiently. The paella didn't take more than maybe 20 - 25 minutes to come out of the kitchen, which he told us would be less time than the other types, which the menu says take 45 minutes, I think. 
We didn't have sangria or any other liquor, since i can not currently. 

       I hesitate to say.that we did have an issue with a hostess whom greeted us. 
She came off as rude when she couldn't find out reservation, and asked if we booked for that night, and then said to me rather snobbily, "this is SPANISH TAPAS". 
I wish I had replied with "Yes, and I was aware of that when I booked dinner here". 
Instead, she then seemed to find it and nodded to the other hostess, without any apology for her attitude. The second hostess then walked us to a table, and cheerfully chatted me up about our vacation so far. She was very sweet but was clearly also overcompensating for #1's rudeness. Sigh. After we finished with the paella, my hubby decided to tell the waiter about her, and asked to speak with the manager. He came over and listened then said he will take some things off the bill...so he came back and hubby tells me that he took the PAELLA off, as well as my ice tea. I was shocked, that was pretty cool of him to give us our $40 entree. 
 So then hubby was very happy, and I won't comment on my emotional state at the time. Maybe we will go  back in the future for lunch, not sure right now.


    After thought:  I was going to order the spanish donuts for dessert, but there was a long pause after I was given the menu for that, so I decided to forget it. I went to the patisserie instead, and had a fun cupcake, thus ruining my vegan diet.
I really enjoyed the tapas here.  The prices were not too over the top and the dishes I had were delicious and some had a really nice presentation.  I'm not sure how authentic the tapas are but they taste great and the beef based tapas I had were cooked perfectly and not dry.  The only downside was the fried calamari which was rubbery and a little bland.
I've had tapas all over including from Spain and I love my tapas. 

Serrano does a very nice job with service, decor, and ambience. No qualms there.

Their menu is average. They have your typicals like cheese plate, meat plate, patatas bravas, and Spanish tortilla and paellas. There are a few interesting tapas. But nothing that truly jumps at you. However, the tapas we tried were very tasty. I thought the Spanish tortilla was one of the best I've had even compared to Spain. The paellas were also one of the best I have had. We tried there mixed paella and the angel hair one. Both were excellent. 

The price is the main problem. It is completely over priced. It is literally double the price you'd pay normally in the USA and quadruple what you pay in Spain. Although the food is tasty, it's not THAT tasty to make it worth it. 

The alcohol menu is extensive but also completely overpriced. For instance, a bottle of bud light costs $6.50. We did order the sangria for $44 and it was a very good sangria. I'm just not quite sure it's worth it though. Maybe every once in a while?
Tapas are all about quality over quantity and Julian Serrano gets it right. There was so many items on the menu that I wanted to try but a girl can only eat so much! My friends and I shared the following: 

Tuna cones: So beautiful to look at I almost didn't want to eat it. The tuna was as fresh as can be. I was not a fan of the actual cone itself. It was a little excessive in my opinion and I would of much rather had it just wrapped in cucumber. 

Lamb: The meat was tender and overall delicious 

Steak and cheese: just mediocre 

Risotto: creamy and cooked al dente 

Cheese platter: 3 types of cheese along with honey, and fig. unlimited toast 

Drinks were on the strong side but at least you get your money's worth 

Overall, I loved our meal. The service was a bit disappointing though.
A blindingly long list of Tapas, from salads brimming with chunks of lobster to fresh meats and seafoods and desserts.  Very open air seating that lets in all the noise of the casino.  Good food, prompt service - not the kind of low-lights and cozy spaces your used to in a Tapas house.  More like shopping mall tapas, although with the Vegas glitz, glitter and chrome, of course.  Best value is probably the steamed mussels - a giant bowl of superbly steamed and flavored bivalves for just nine bucks.

Good for a quick bite between games in the Casino, or a decent business lunch if you're in a hurry.
Bartenders were awesome, especially Jeff. Made the best drink which I can't remember the name now but boy was it good. Food was just okay for the high price. Lobster gazpacho was refreshing with it's tiny bit of lobster. Shrimp gambas had a high dose of garlic and was swimming in butter.

Not sure if I'd spend my calories here since there's so many great restaurants in Vegas.
i totally agree with anthony n. 
the menu sounds promising but the food is definitely not good.

huevos estrellados* | fried potatoes | eggs | imported spanish pork chorizo 10
salty. everything with chorizo was super salty.

mixed seafood ceviche* | shrimp | white fish | octopus | cilantro | lime juice 14 
one of the better dishes. i liked it because it was very tangy.

tuna cones* | ahi tartare | cucumber | crispy won ton | avocado | ponzu 14
too much mayo. others seemed to have liked it though.

seared scallop* | romesco sauce 12
wasn't salty surprisingly.  it wasn't over cooked either.  it was slightly raw in the center, just how i like it.

black rice | fresh calamari | lobster meat | sofrito | squid ink 12
salty.....
lobster saffron | half lobster tail | saffron oil | iberian pork | creamy potatoes | asparagus 14
unmemorable.  

roasted red peppers | fresh garlic | sherry vinaigrette | e.v.o.o. 10
didn't try. but some people seemed to have enjoyed it.

traditional spanish chicken croquetas | chicken | bchamel 12
flavorless.

stuffed dates | medjol dates | goat cheese | crispy pancetta | tomato marmalade 12
too mushy.  all the flavors seemed mushed together. 

creamy risotto | wild mushroom | aged manchego cheese 10
salty. do you see a pattern? 

mixed paella | lobster | mussels | chicken | spanish pork chorizo | vegetables | saffron rice 50
wayyyy tooo salty.

black pig pintxo* | iberian pork shoulder meat | caramelized onion 18
tough meat. everything else was unmemorable.

churros
fried spanish pastries | spicy hot chocolate $8
super greasy and tasteless.

pistachio tart 
almost like a pizookie.  it was ok.

surprisingly, it gets packed and people were waiting out the door. if i had to wait, i would've been super angry that i had to wait for mediocre food.  luckily, our reservation was at 6:30 and it was empty.
aria interior with access from lobby...spanish tapas 'n' paella...small plates or small bites...sangria pitchers tasty...requesting a tasting and restaurant deciding...tuna tartare seasoned light and well in individual crunchy cones..feeling a little gimmicky for $twenty-eight for six cones...goat cheese and sweet dates lovely snack throughout dinner...seared scallops tasteful, but wanted whole mouthful...avoid small or chopped....creamy cheesy risotto delicious and earthy...brava potatoes great bites with aioli saucing...chicken croquettes crunchy and fried...small bites and spoonfuls for six individuals...finding good, but nothing spectacular for pricing...tasting for $fifty-three per person tapas dinner...
OH-EM-GEE. This restaurant has made such an impression on my taste buds! I had mostly everything the table ordered, but I have to say the Lobster Gazpacho was divine, as was the Ceviche mixto and the Paella mixta. Red and White sangrias were delicious. What a treat to have been able to dine at this place while staying at the Aria Hotel Resort & Casino. 

I have every intention of going back there!
tapas restaurant inside of Aria.  I LOVE this place.  I have been there twice now and each time, I continue to enjoy it.  Great service and very tasty tapas, like ones you would find in Spain.  My favorites have continued to be the octopus, squid, which is grilled to perfection, patatas bravas (cube-shaped fries with a tasty and spiced pimenton/paprika-like sauce), and grilled flat-iron steak (so moist and juicy!).  They have really good and decently-strong red sangria, and if you are a fan of fruity drinks, their white sangria is nice too.  Feel free to ask for a sample... they do give them out.  Again, great service.  Really enjoyed Daniel!
As always, the best ceviche in town. The papas with spicy tomato sauce were great. The service, amazing. It was 11pm and this placed was packed. We will be back.
Oil.

I came here with my lady friend's family for her father's 60th birthday. I am the only person of the group that would have given the restaurant this rating. Everyone else was not loving it ... but I was. I'm a white guy. They're a Korean-American family. I feel this is important to note, in that it might not make sense otherwise if i told you that umma (that's Mom, gringo) unhappily commented that she wished we had just gone and had some sushi or Korean food across the street. The street was the Strip, so I'm not exactly sure what she had in mind, but that's not the point, dummo.

The point was that she was not happy with the food. It contained a lot of the first word in this review. She likes lighter food. So does the rest of the family.

But, me? I'm a fatso. I love the first word in this review. I would eat an entire meal covered in the first word in this review, every day of the week, every week of the year, every everyness of every everytime. So, I liked it.

The bathroom had some learn-how-to-speak-Spanish-audio-book thing playing. I always like places that do that. Learning and leaking. A fantastic combo to help you maintain the yin and the yang. Coming and going. Going and learning. Muy bien.
Tapas great, paella salty.  Never had it before thought it would be good here,  tapas were tasty especially the mushroom risotto ,  oxtail was tender ,  potatoes yummy,  garlic chicken was good but I ate a clove of garlic by mistake vampires beware.  However, the paella was way too salty.  And the service for a restaurant in the Aria was only so so.  Service was alot better in cafe in the Aria
Love this place, stayed at aria in June went here for dinner 2 nights and went back to Vegas this weekend and had to take my boyfriend there! Love the brava potatoes and the beef & cheese . Sangria on the other hand was not our favorite.
What a well run restaurant. I went here the last two night in a row it was so good. I think this is my top 5 favorites now.   The food and service were outstanding.  I love tapas style because you get to try so many more favors, and these dishes were all full of them. Don't leave without ordering the foie gras, spectacular.  Over two nights I tried 6 or 7 dishes, everyone spectacular.  The seared scallop was better then the crudo one though.  The presentation and attention to detail was magnificent. How they maintain these high standards In a busy restaurant with such quick service is a testament to the management here, they really are doing a great job.  While not cheap, there are so many worse ways to spend your money in this town.  I could eat here every night for the rest of my life and be happy.   This really is a don't miss destination. Also, the servers were super friendly, and the restaurant was very well staffed. I would go here for a third night if I didn't have a reservation elsewhere. I'll be back.
Love this place the red sangria is amazing!! the lamb chops are even more amazing!!! omg im craving it now!! Love you Julian Serrano!!
Pros: The food was delicious, the drinks were well made. The potatoes and "pizza" were really good.
Cons: it was freezing the entire time. We told our waiter who really didn't care. It was 55 degrees outside and since the restaurant is near the door leading outside, a ton of cold air gets to the restaurant with really very little heating. This ruined the overall experience. I also wish the customer service was better. For being a relatively expensive restaurant, I expected better service.

Overall: the food is great but our overall experience wasn't as  great given poor service and cold temperature.

Recommendation: avoid this restaurant as there are a ton of better places in the area.
I love the atmosphere of Julian Serrano, it fits perfectly with the Aria. Our favorite dishes were the Gambas a la Plancha and the mixed paella.
Excellent food. Great service. Fine wine.
The food was excellent but it was very expensive for the portion sizes. For three of us at lunch, the bill before tip was $105 & we didn't even have drinks. Service was good too but again I can't justify the price.
Here is my breakdown and why-

Food: 3/5
Atmosphere: 4/5
Service: 4/5
Would I return?  Yes

Food:
Although the selection of Tapas seems broad, the majority offer very similar ingredients (fishes, meats, cheeses) in similar patterns.  Having been to Spain I would have liked to seen a broader range.  I didn't see any Spanish style sausage and not much in the range of vegetables.  The food we did have was good.  We shared the tortilla, crab cakes, cheese platter, and something else.  I would have liked for the tortilla to be less runny.  The ingredients were fresh and higher quality.  One thing to note, most of the tapas cost about $10-15 and really are not big enough to share so expect to buy at least 2-3 tapas per person or you can share a paella which is about $50.  IMO this is more of a $$$ restaurant.

Atmosphere: 
Much of the vibrancy of this restaurant has to do with the aesthetics of Aria.  The restaurant itself has great colors and modern styling.  The restaurant gets very loud especially if there is a lot of noise from the casino.  The crowd here tends to be younger and more trendy.

Service:

I found the hosts to be friendly as they tried to accommodate many people coming and going during a busy time.  The waitress was friendly and we didn't experience long waits for service.  I also found the the waitress was knowledgeable and was able to answer our questions about the different foods.
Julian Serrano is amazing! I would give this 10 stars if that was an option! 

Initially, I didn't even want to go here..... because my first impression was that it was going to be tiny servings with a fancy bow & big $$$ tag, that would leave me still hungry for more. Boy, was I wrong! Every dish ordered was prepared and cooked to perfection. Bursts of flavor, fabulous presentation, reasonable portions, and just overall a wonderful experience for the tastebuds. Love the decor & ambiance too. 

Below are a few comments on the dishes I will be crawling back for :) And please note: I did not try all of the below in one sitting. The list includes dishes tried on 3 different sittings :) 

MUST HAVES! 
- Tuna Cones - this was my favorite dish! I wanted another order! But btw, i think it's only available at dinner. I didn't see it available on their lunch menu :( 
- Stuffed Piquillo Peppers - so delish! especially if you like goat cheese & mushrooms. Was my second favorite dish! 
- Ahi Tuna Tempura - maybe because I love both Ahi Tuna & Tempura, but I thought this was just scrumptious
- Tuna Raspberry Skewers - a nice twist of flavors. 
- White Ceviche - this ceviche was divine! My only complaint was it was a bit heavy on the lime, but then again I'm just not a lime fan ;) 
- Spanish Chicken Croquetas - kinda like fried mozzarella stick, but with chicken & creamy bechamel sauce! I really liked this. Note: I luv creamy/cheesy stuff.  
- Grilled Lamp Chops - very tasty & tender

GOOD!, but nothing to scream about: 
- Wild Mushroom Soup - again, it was really GOOD! but I would prefer getting a second order of something above if given a choice :) 
- Lobster Salad 
- Lobster Saffron
- Beef & Cheese
- Padron Peppers - i felt like it was a bit too salty (this coming from someone who LOVES salt!) Also, it's probably more ideal as a sampler dish for a large party. For my table of 2, I felt like I had enough after a few bites, and felt padron pepper'd out by the time we finished the plate :op
- Brava Potatoes - don't get me wrong, it was delicious. but as it's a pretty filling dish, i just felt that these were not out of this world, and I'd rather fill up on one of the many other tapas choices they have to offer

Overall, it was so delicious. Can't wait to head back here soon!! :oD
No complaints here.  Enjoyed muscles, octopus, croquettes and all were great.  The muscles were quite generous in size and in flavour.  Followed that up with a mixed paella which was delicious and a meal in itself.  No room for desert which I'm always ok with.
I love Julian Serrano!!  This place has great decor, excellent customer service, and a great menu.  I had the pleasure of joining some friends for dinner here and it is hands down my favorite place at Aria to eat now. 

Awesome Treats: 
Cheese Plate was tasty with great variety
Calamari with yummy sauce
Prawns in olive oil
Creamy risotto 
Lobster and pineapple
Stuffed peppers 
Tuna sashimi cones

Everything was great and presented perfectly.

Great wine and sangria.
This has been one of my favorite meals in Vegas to date! It's such a fun tapas restaurant with great service. My only major critique would be that I felt the plates came out a little quickly. Would have been nice to enjoy the courses a little bit more as they came out, we felt a little rushed. 

My favorites
- Scallops
- Ahi Tempura
- Asparagus
- Steak
- Lamb Chop
- Chicken Croquetas

Word of Warning
- The plate of peppers is not for those with a sensitive to heat, the same witht he La Bamba Meatballs. WHOA!
- Desert was good but not my favorite. We tried the churros, donut holes and pound cake with the three dipping sauces a spicy chocolate, sweet caramel and a strawberry yogurt blend. Good but nothing to rave about. Stick with the savory items here. 

Overall, a great tapas experience, amazing food and speedy service.
Best tapas I've ever had! Customer service is good.
Ive been dreaming of the The stuffed Piquillo Pepper & the Ahi-Tuna Tempura!! Both were amazing!
Being from Chicago, and having an wide array of Tapas style restaurants to try, I figured Vegas has to at least match in quality, no?  
Overall the restaurant is very organized, very clean, and deserving of prices it demands.  I just feel the dishes lacked that extra zing.  You know the little touch that makes you crave the food 24/7?  
The tapas menu has a very large wide array that mixes Asian with Spanish influences.  The menu is creative and ingredients that I have never seen before.  Props to that.  Noise level is comfortable and a great place to take a date to impress.  Every time i go to vegas, i do stay at Aria, however, for the price tag, i'm not sure if i would go back here again given there are sooo many options within the hotel.
Me and my friends recently  checked this spot out and as a lover of Tapas,   I thoroughly enjoyed our meal - every last bite!   

The small portions definitely fed the three of us - we ordered 5 tapas and two deserts.

It was an awesome dining experience and I am glad I went.
I can' t say enough great things about this restaurant - everything is great about this spot.  Fantastic servers, great bartenders, terrific menu and high quality everything.

My first dinner / drink visit was so wonderful that I returned for a second meal there in under 24 hours.  I was craving their Stuffed Piquillo Peppers, risotto and brava potatoes too badly to stay away.

This is a classy place - it looks beautiful and will be sure to treat you and your pals incredibly well.  I'm looking forward to getting back there for another great meal and some bartender bonding (these guys know their stuff, super fun to sit at the bar with).
Stopped by for lunch and enjoyed the casual yet sophisticated atmosphere, and the friendly service. 

The prices were expensive for tapas, but the quality of food was good. We ordered the mussels, calamari and other recommendations.

Mussels -- plentiful and enough for sharing 

Calamari -- good, but didn't like how the batter quickly fell off the calamari

Nothing we ate here was out of this world good, but food quality was good and I wouldn't mind eating here again.
Meh to the nth....My husband I went here wanting something casual as we spent the day hiking and were in no mood to play dress up.  He did enjoy his salad, which looked fine, he also got a "pizza" appetizer which to me looked like it belonged in the take out section of a Trader Joe's, he said it was ok.  I do not eat meat, poultry or seafood so I was happy that they had a vegetarian section, but the mushroom risotto was very bland and tasteless (and I am used to risottos) and I also got the roasted peppers which did not taste roasted at all, more like boiled baby food - no other flavors I could detect - it was actually a pretty gross cold mess.  (To be fair this place may excel at their meat and seafood selections which we did not have). The by cup wine is expensive, which is fine, but the selection is somewhat off putting - very generic.  The service was spotty.  We seemed to be completely forgotten after being initially served until bill time came, and my second glass of vinegary wine was never delivered.  I skipped dessert because I had no expectations things would get better.  I am not a super fussy person, (I am from Chicago - foodie heaven) and I had no problems with the prices but I expect something above just edible.  It made me sorry we did not go back to Mon Ami Gabi, where the food is reliable, the service and the wine selection is great and you can sit outside in the fresh air.  Alas.... I felt like I just wasted my time at Julian Serrano.
We had a very good meal here.  There were 9 of us and our waitress suggested that we go with the chef's selection of tapas.  We requested foie gras and pata negra to be included in our selections.  The wine list is large and after discussion with the sommelier, we selected a Rioja which was absolutely stunning.  The cocktail program is also robust and our pre-dinner drinks were all happily enjoyed.  

Our selections of tapas were all very good and portioned out so that there was enough for all 9 of us to have a taste (or more).  The foie gras was delicious as was the pata negra (the pinnacle of jamon Iberico).  Other highlights included the sauteed padron peppers, lamb chops, beef filet.  We also had ceviche, grilled calamari, scallops, chorizo ... all tasty.  The mixed seafood paella was definitely a letdown, the rice too soft and textureless.  Desserts were outstanding, in particular the churros with chili spiced dark chocolate dipping sauce ... that was DA BOMB!
Food: 2.5 stars
Service: 4.5 stars
Ambience: 4 stars

Lobster Gazpacho
Ceviche
Black Rice
Black Pig Pintxo
Mixed Paella
White & Red Sangria

Just wasn't what I expected from a name like Julian Serrano.  Against my wife's wishes, I kinda insisted that we try this place.  And I felt bad for dragging her there.  

Black rice (squid ink, hence the name) was the best of the bunch, but even with that nothing to write home about.  Everything else was - it pains me to say this - very average.  Considering the restaurant's name and the location, I have to say I was fairly disappointed.

What sort of saved the night was our waiter - Donovan - who showed what an attentive service can do when things just weren't right.  Apparently, the couple sitting next to us was having the same problem as we did and Donovan seemed to save their night too.
In town for business alone, I sidled up to the bar and had a great meal and conversation.

Bartenders were awesome, recommending the best dishes on the menu. The guy making ceviche let me in on his ceviche-making artistry. My neighbor, also a woman in town for business, was awesome. We shared bites of food so I got to try a few items on the menu:

Tuna-rapsberry skewer -- just beautiful, a piece of art. The molecular raspberry is unusual and delicious.
Beef and Cheese -- I would not have ordered if the bartender didn't swear it was his favorite. Turns out, it was mine as well. GET THIS.
Mixed Seafood Ceviche -- perfectly seasoned and just perfect. Among the best ceviche I've had anywhere -- including south america.

I had a couple of glasses of wine, which made the experience all the more enjoyable too.
I'm basing this review on the fact that it's a tapas restaurant because if it was compared to regular restaurant food it would only be a three stars. In saying this, Julian Serrano is a really good tapas bar. This place is located in the Wynn and is very large and open. It's great for people watching cause it's right in front of the check in. Let's get to the food

On the bill:
Fishermans Soup 
Tuna Cones
Mediterranean Bass 
Imported Spanish Serrano Ham 
Creamy Risotto
Stuffed Dates
Beef And Cheese 
Grilled Lamb Chop 
Mixed Paella 

The bill came out to $400, which to me seems very steep for 6 people but I was really full. Overall, a cute place to catch up with friends.
We wanted something small to eat, so we went to Julian Serrano for tapas. We had the marinated olives, albondigas (meatballs) and a flatbread. Everything was delicious and the service was wonderful. We especially loved the sauce on the albondigas! The red and white sangrias were also delicious. They were fruity, but not overly sweet. I would definitely come here again!
I came here with my boss for dinner on weeknight for some tapas and it wasn't too busy-- we were seating right away at the bar. 

This is located in the Aria hotel downstairs and it's pretty easy to spot. The decor is very modern and trendy-- fake trees (looks like cherry blossom trees but no blossom), colorful striped wallpaper, and the walls are all made out of glass.

-  Imported Spanish "Pata Negra" ham ("the most delicious ham in the world"): slices of beautiful pata negra, served with toasted bread and garlic tomato sauce. WOW. Im glad I got to try this! Wayy better than any other cured meats i've tried! A bit pricey for 10 small slices but definitely worth it!

- Olives: The assortment of olives was a good choice! All super fresh and nice to nibble on while we enjoyed the other plates and drinks. 

- Cheese Platter: Cana de cabra (soft goat's milk), one year old manchego (sheep's milk), Cabrales (cow's milk), La Serena (soft sheep's milk), and some sweet pasty looking thing that tasted like dried figs. Served with toasted bread. Great selection of cheese for the platter-- there was a soft cheese, mild cheese, a more pungent cheese, and a dense cheese. The sweet fig paste paired nicely with the saltier cheeses

- Spanish Tortilla: Not your typical flat sheet of tortilla! This one is at least 2 inches thick, soft, and made out of potatoes, onions, and eggs. You can taste the soft chunks of potatos an egg-- very tasty and savory.

- Sauteed Foie Gras: I HAD to order foie gras since I wasn't in CA. A slice of foie with a sauce that tasted like balsamic vinaigrette, served on toast and chickpea mash. I wish the slice of foie was bigger, but all 2 bites were amazing! Super rich and creamy. 

- Santiago's cake: A slice of almond cake, turron ice cream. This wasn't as memorable as the other dishes but the cake was super moist and the ice cream paired well with the cake (turron is an ice cream made with almonds).

Nice place to grab some BOMB Spanish Tapas if you're staying at Aria/Vdara!
Ate here with a half dozen people.  We probably ordered 25 dishes, maybe 30.  Nearly all were hits.  I'll say, this is a large menu and there is a lot to try.  So, we were adventurous and ordered out of our comfort zone on a lot of things.  But, the baby eel omelet was just a miss.  I don't recommend it and won't get it again.  And, baby eels look....exactly like you think they do.  I like how you order several dishes, they bring them as they are prepared, and you can then order again.  I think we had 3 or maybe 4 rounds of ordering.

The sangria is very good, as many yelpers note.  If you have enough of it, the bill can get away from you at this place.  Those small prices add up friends.  Be advised.
Wow this place was so freaking good!!!! Seriously loved it.

We started out with pitchers of sangria - both the white and the red were fantastic.  I may have liked the white a tiny bit more, but the red was really good too.


We ordered a ton of tapas, but my favorites were the meatballs, scallops, pan manchego, and the sliders.  But everything we ate was delicious, those were just highlights.

The service was great, the restaurant was well decorated, and it was nice to get to see the Aria hotel! Highly recommend.
This is my favorite place to eat. This place couldn't have been better. Fansastic!
I tried about 5 or 6 different tapas and they were all amazing! Small in size but BIG in taste. It worked out perfectly for the occasion. It was my first restaurant of this type and it was a great experience.
With no experience with Tapas at the moment, I'd say.....this whole thing blows.  With that said, the food was quite good but the portions I would have to say were quite small.....I mean small like a quarter (25 cents).

So, if you're starving and ya think'n....a buffet would be good.....this is not the place for you!

Keep in mind that some order may take up to a 1/2 hr to prepare so, make sure you have plenty of Tapas on hand.......and it could get pretty pricey.
Tasty foods, nice service!  The reason that I didn't rate 5 stars is that it was too noisy.
I popped in for a mid-afternoon snack on my last visit to Vegas.  I was flying solo, so took a seat at the bar.

Five stars for Jeff, the bartender, who introduced himself, asked my name, learned where I was from (turned out we have some connections in common in my current city) and allowed me to sample both the red & white sangria.  Both are terrific, not as aggressively sweet and alcoholic as some sangrias can be, and the cinnamon in the red sangria made it perfect for an overcast January day.  The cocktail that followed was also very well-made.

I'm less enthusiastic about the food.  I ordered two plates, the albondigas (beef & pork meatballs) and the stuffed dates with goat cheese & pancetta.  Each dish was $12, which gets you 4 meatballs and 3 dates.  The dates were insanely good, and the tomato marmalade on the side was a nice touch.  However, 3 of my 4 meatballs were a touch cold in the center, which sends all kinds of bad signals.  I was in a rush so didn't return the food (or even complain), but it was a disappointment.

The menu is sufficiently varied and interesting that I would return to try it again, banking on the fact that the meatballs were an aberration.
Went to have dinner there before the Zarkana Show.  Booked a 6:45p.m. reservation time, because they have a $39 Pre Fixe menu until 7p.m.  Never heard of Julian Serrano (the person ) before...

What a beautiful restaurant.  The $39 Pre Fixe menu was very generous did not even finish the food, there was too much.  The wine menu was extensive.  The service is 1st rate, 1st class, when you turn your head for a second, they are already filling your water glass.

I would give it 4.5 stars but yelp would not let me.
This place is so gorgeous and great location.  We went for a girls weekend before our show.  Made a reservation ahead of time and our table was ready right when we arrived.  Food is absolutely amazing!!  The paella says it serves two, but it easily served 5 of us, especially when you are noshing on all the various tapas before it arrives.
Been here multiple times on various trips and always had fantastic experiences. The decor is snazzy and the room feels very open and festive, plus it has a terrific location right off the Aria registration desk. The bar area is very large and the bar staff has always been spot-on. 

The menu is extensive and has terrific variety. Favorites are the albondigas (Spanish meatballs), the grilled octopus on solid potato cakes, and the cheese selection. Everything is colorfully presented and plated. I'm a particular fan of the white sangria, which is refreshing rather than heavy and overly sweet. It's certainly not cheap, but given the quality and the setting, it's worth it for a Vegas splurge.
This a good restaurant, but overpriced for what you get. There are better tapas restaurants in Vegas...you're better off dropping coin there.
Best tapas around. We had ceviche, seared scallops, ahi tuna tempura, brucetta all excellent and taste. We sat at the the bar & the bartender was very knowledgeable. recommended most of our dishes.
Overall dining experience was great. It's located over at the Aria. It's a great place with a group of people to share a meal. We ordered a bunch of tapas and just shared them all. Our favorite dish was the Paella - they took their time to prepare this dish and it was big enough to share with 4 people. 

We also ordered some red sangria. It was light and refreshing. Glad we decided to try this place to satisfy our stomachs.
Always good!!!!!!
I started off with a glass of the rioja wine and some tapas. I ordered the squid, white anchovies, and lobster salad. On the menu it said the squid was prepared with paprika. Holy jesus. The squid came out. Lovely cuts of squid covered (I mean covered) in paprika and oil. The squid sat overtop small slices of potatoes which were ehh. I ate one piece of squid and thought I was going into anaphylactic shock. I was sitting at the bar drinking water nonstop hoping my throat would stop feeling scratchy. Coughing and coughing....I couldn't continue to eat this awful dish.  Who would do such a thing to squid? I told the bartender that I couldnt eat any more because of the paprika and he was like okay...ehhh. Meanwhile I continued to cough and cough. No, "hey you okay there??" Regardless, my lobster salad came. I think there was lobster in it?? Next, sorry but we are out of anchovies. Ok so I opted for the seared salmon...don't order it.  I wasn't impressed especially with it sitting on a bed of brown goo. The chorizo was WoW!! But the potatoes were ehhh. The calamari with garlic was the best dish. Super tasty. The great thing about this restaurant is the decor and the red sangria. The sangria reminded me of my days in Madrid. I think the menu should be re-done. Kinda disappointed with the food overall.
One of the better restaurants at Aria.  
Used food credit from Expedia ($100)
Ordered the Squid ink black rice, Ox tail, green salad. 
Service was attentive and unobtrusive and quick.  

Not much around for other choices.  Mexican (we didn't go), Thai (little overpriced for thai) english bar ( we didn't go) cafe (similar to all the other hotels) buffet (definitely have to do this one too)
Mid range restaurant in Aria Resort that is kid friendly.  (Not screaming loud kids, but well behaved children were tolerated)

I expect Vegas to be pricey so I wasn't too suprised to find the bill coming up to $350 for 6 people.  What am I surprised with was the level of service.  Our waiter seemed to be having a bad night the whole time he was serving us.  No 'thank-you's', no smile and anytime we asked for anything, it seemed as if we were cutting into his standing around time.

Most of the items on the menu ranged from bland to good, but the stand outs were:

Atlantic Cod - served with a salsa verde sauce, clams, asparagus, green peas and hardboiled egg.  Even the picture looks great.

Steamed Mussels - served with shallots and garlic.  The mussels were a bit on the small side, but still flavorful.
Visited on a busier night than last time and again walked away impressed. Service and food were outstanding. We were celebrating our anniversary and got the memorable meal we were looking for. Sommelier was a bit pretentious but our server was great. Wild mushroom risotto, squid ink rice, and albondigas were standouts.
Julian serrano definitely deserves it's high reviews. I found the lobster gazpacho soup to be excellent with enough lobster meat to be noteworthy and the gazpacho to be puree style not my favorite style normally but worked well here. The gazpacho is very nicely spiced. I really enjoyed the mixed seafood ceviche, good amount of assorted fish and excellently spiced with well balanced mix of lime and cilantro and a nice kick to it. I was less enamored with the octopus and potatoes as i found it too greasy and just not noteworthy from a taste perspective. I am a real wine guy and while i am normally a red wine drinker i had to have white due to the fish dishes and i enjoyed the hondarrabi zuri ( by the glass) which is a nice crisp, refreshing wine with enough depth and structure to stand up o these tapas. After the gazpacho and 2 tapas i had room for dessert and a lot on the dessert menu appealed to me but i went with the santiago's cake which was decent but not great. I found it a bit heavy with no real compelling taste but did find the accompanying scoop of ice cream more noteworthy.
Excellent dining experience, and by far the best place I ate at during my vacation. I've never had tapas before, and these are certainly some of the best you can possibly get. Went with a group of 3 of us, and tried a little bit of everything (the filet mignon, scallops, potatoes, cheese platters, mushroom risotto, etc) and I don't think there was a single thing we wouldn't get again. Service was excellent, and the atmosphere was very relaxed. We went 2/13/13 for dinner at around 6:30pm and the place wasn't full at all, but it did fill up by the time we left. If I go back to Las Vegas, this is a place I will certainly frequent again.
Decent food and not too pricy, although tiny portions. I had the Lobster Saffron (excellent flavor but slight chewy lobster) & the Piquillo Peppers (meh). Followed by the flan for desert (what's with the mountain of raspberry coolwhip?)

Could even be a 3.5 or 4 star if the hostess wasn't so consdescending and unhelpful. I have to say that the level of entitlement amongst servers in Vegas is through the roof. I mean, get over yourself. Dudes at the bar were slightly more gracious.
I really liked Julian Serrano. I'm a lover of tapas restaurants and Spanish food in general. 
It's best to come here with a group of people so you can get a little taste of everything. 

Some of my favorites were the tuna cones and the white anchovies on toast. 
We also got a huge skillet of paella. It was filled with lobster tails, scallops, shrimp, mussels etc.

Although the paella was very good, it was a little dry. 

The service was great throughout the night. Overall, I would probably go again sometime.
The food that great chefs are made of, together with attentive and helpful service. Ideal for a post show dinner. Tapas are outstanding - the Gambas, Foie Gras, Patatas Bravas would hold their own in Andalusia. This is the fine dining is Vegas is renowned for.
I think I just expected more. The food was good but not enough for me to go back again. Portion sizes on Tapas are always small but some of the items we order were barely two bites.
A menu full (almost overwhelmingly so) of small dishes that will give you a great taste of Spain right on the Strip.

Tapas restaurants are always frustrating to me because I can never seem to order the right amount of food and as a result always seem to leave hungry. To make matters worse, the food always seems to be pretty pricey so I'm not only hungry, but my wallet is significantly lighter to boot. This place is no different. The prices on some of the items border on exorbitant, which wouldn't be so upsetting to me given it's prime Strip location, except for the fact that I didn't leave full.

OK, enough about the prices. The tapas were very well prepared and came out in a timely manner. Definitely order the ahi tuna tempura and a couple of beef dishes. My strategy with tapas is always to mix vegetable dishes, meat dishes, and fish dishes and I always get some sort of cheese. Even with all that, my buddies and I were still hungry so we ordered paella to supplement. The paella takes 35-45 minutes to prepare so be ready to wait. I tasted both seafood and meat paella and really preferred the flavor of the meat. Something about the seafood didn't taste quite right to me, but, everybody I was with preferred the seafood so I think it was just me.

This meal is best enjoyed with a pitcher of red sangria - watch out for the fruit at the bottom, it'll knock you out.
My parents ate at Julian Serrano previously and liked it and so I decided to take them back.  Lot of great tapas ranging from the tuna raspberry skewer, iberico ham sliders, salmon cake, squid ink rice, tuna cones, sauteed foie and a large paella.  The white sangria was excellent!  I wished there were more iberico ham was there were only a few slices.  Anyway, the place is good but pricey as expected from Vegas.
Food and service and atmosphere were all excellent.  Prices are not cheap, but they are on par with other Vegas restaurants of the same caliber.  Quite good overall, I will return.
Had the opportunity to dine this evening solo at bar.  The staff was inviting and made me feel quite comfortable.  Savored the Creamy Risotto with wild mushrooms as aged Manchego.  Perfectly cooked (and I can't say that for a lot of the Risotto I have had while dining out).  This is a Tapas style restaurant so plates are small and delightful.
I sampled the romaine salad and the brava potato, as well as the saute spinach, chicken croquette and lastly, the molten chocolate with strawberry sorbet. Among all of these items, I liked the brava potato the best solely because I'm a french fries addict. The flavoring and preparation of the spinach and romaine salad were nothing extraordinary. I found the chicken croquette to be quite unique in that they used finely shredded chicken in this creamy sauce and the sauce was excellent.

As I am not a fan of overly sweet food, I found the molten chocolate to be not as sweet as I'd like it to be for a dessert!!! That was a bit unexpected and I really wish the chocolate in the middle was slightly sweeter.
Ohh Julian, where should I start? Possibly with the Potatoes which absolutely melt in your mouth. As a Vegas local, I have been to a variety of different dining establishments. Off the strip, my favorite tapas place is Firefly. If you are on a budget and want tapas comparable to Julian, hit up Firefly. If you want the quality, variety and are not concerned about your wallet check out Julian. I have no complaints :)
Excellent food. Ordered the lamb chop,  picxto chorizo,  cannelloni,  manchego bread,  fried peppers I got two orders they were so goo.  Service is a little slow but good food if u don't mind the wait
Worst waiter ever.

This place was on my maybe list for my Vegas trip, only because they serve paella.  It turned out to be convenient, so we went.  It was 3:30 in the afternoon, and mostly empty in there.

I ordered the mixed paella as soon as the waiter from hell came to our table, as we were going to see Le Reve that night.
That waiter NEVER came back to see if we wanted drinks or anything else from the menu.  I had to flag his sorry ass down to order a beer.  They ran out of the one I wanted to try, and he said there was one not on the menu, he hesitated because it's "strong."  It was not.  He must be used to drinking piss water.  But it wasn't that.  He saw an Asian woman and applied his ignorant stereotypes.
That dip shit appeared to provide service to the few other occupied tables around us, but not us.
When the paella arrived, I took a picture.  After that, there was a very marked difference in that waiter's attitude.  All of a sudden, he became friendly.  Well what do you know about that.

He never took the menus from our table.  And some other guy came to take the other two place settings from the four top we sat, right in the middle of our meal.
A waitress, she was Asian, who had started her shift as we began our meal, came over right away and removed the menus.

The flavors of the paella were good. There was no crust to speak of, though.  Also, one of the handful of mussels in it had a broken shell.  So.  The kitchen sees this broken shell on a shellfish, and decides to just send it out as is.  Wth.  You're not supposed to do that, especially not for a $50 dish.

What a joke of a restaurant.  Except for that waitress, the only person in there who knew what she was doing. The hostess was great too.
Food is adequate. Service is good. But everything is way over priced. Go to a Firefly instead. Half the price; better menu and the tapas is exquisite.
After a disappointing lunch, we decided to live it up with some tapas. Tapas, for us at least, are a little exquisite, with good variety... and expensive. Julian Serrano about sums up these principals, but even as tapas go this place is real good.

We ordered four dishes here which filled us up, although we were looking for a light meal so it worked out. We got the Croquetas chicken, calamari, white ceviche and papas bravas. Everything was delicious, although the white ceviche was the clear winner while everything else was a tied for second runner up with no weak dishes to be had. A great experience with a very friendly waiter as well, making this the star eat of our Vegas trip.

As long as you are prepared for the tapas experience, can't go wrong with Julian Serrano.
I ate dinner here with two other ladies during a girls weekend to Vegas. We were staying at the Aria and wanted a nice dinner, so we decided to try Julian Serrano before heading to a show and club. I am a huge tapas fan so I was happy to try this place out. Located near the check-in desk and not too far off the casino floor, it is not a hard place to find. Additionally even though we did not have reservations, they sat us right away at 6:30 pm, most likely since we were dining a tad early by Vegas standards.

I'm still getting use to restaurants being hi-tech, so I was surprised when our waiter handed us an IPAD instead of a wine menu. However I didn't need to scroll too far once I saw they had an Albarino (my favorite kind of wine) on the menu. My two dining companions left the ordering to me which was really nice. Thankfully at the end of the meal they thought I did a good job or it could have been disasterous!

For food we got the seared scallop (3 come with the order), pan manchego, bravas potatoes, stuffed piquillo peppers, and the traditional spanish chicken croquetas, topped off with the molten chocolate cake for dessert. The scallops were cooked to perfection (they melted in my mouth) and the peppers had a little kick due to the goat cheese that oozed out of them. I have had better bravas potatoes at other tapas restaurants, but my dining companions really enjoyed them along with the pan manchego. The chicken croquetas were all of our least favorite dish - something about the texture just turned me personally off. The chocolate cake was a nice way to cap the meal and, needless to say, not one bite was left of it.

If Yelp had half stars, I would give it a 3.5, but am rounding up to four because we had very good service, really liked the atmosphere/ambiance of the restaurant, and pretty much all the food we tried was solid. It just didn't blow me away like other tapas places I have been to. On a future Vegas visit, I would come back with more people to try more of the menu as there were plenty of dishes that appealed to me.
Great menu! Great Tapas. 
A little on the loud side and informal but fun and nice for Tapas!
By far my favorite tapas restaurant! Took a girls trip to Vegas with 8 girls and we all loved it!! Everything was top notch! Each item we tried was amazing! Everything from their sangria to dessert is recommended. I don't think you can go wrong with any selection. We wanted to try everything so we even went back the following day; which is unheard of in Vegas. If you enjoy tapas, then this should be your first stop in Vegas!!!
a bit disorganized at the check-in due to design of reception area. once seated very interesting menu. great combinations among the tapas dishes. well presented and fantastic flavors. wait staff very timely and polite. Atmosphere was lively but too loud. would have given 5 but for the chaos at front desk and stingy wine pour.
Spectacular ceviche, fish dishes, atmosphere in the aria. Debated between this and jaleo, wasn't disappointed! Could have done without the Spanish tostada, too potatoey for my taste.
The hubs and I stopped in for a few drinks and appetizers before heading out to dinner at The Cosmopolitan and had a great time! We were staying at Aria and wanted to grab a quick drink before heading off to dinner -- enter Julian Serrano. Easy location and no wait? Score. Overall it was a great experience. The service was top-notch and the food was awesome! Honestly it was hard to narrow down the menu to just two small plates since we were going to be eating dinner elsewhere. We settled on the pancetta and goat cheese stuffed dates and the bravas which were both delicious. For drinks we both had the sangria which was excellent as well. Will definitely return for dinner next time!
Actually we were wanting to visit the restaurant next door and since that was closed for lunch we decided to try the tapas here. We ordered the Valenciana Paellas & the grilled lamb chops. Both of them were flavorful & exquisite. Service was very good as well. Will definitely return for another visit whenever in Vegas.
Tapas! Yes, the hot food trend is front and center at Julian Serrano. And he does a magnificent job weaving ceviches, charcuterie and (of course) paella throughout your table.

There is so much to choose from on the menu that there's really no sense in describing it all. Just try a little of everything and enjoy! Thoroughly! Each bite is so full of flavor your pallet will never get bored.

The decor is ultra modern but casual like almost everything in Vegas and it's right off the main Aria lobby. Service was impeccable - not hovering but also there whenever you need it. Friendly, helpful and attentive.

Don't be fooled by the relatively low cost per plate. It adds up quickly to a hefty dinner tab. But, what doesn't cost a bundle in Vegas these days? Enjoy the magical culinary adventure that is Julian Serrano Tapas and worry about your bank account tomorrow!
BEST DINING ECPERIENCE!!! The food and wine was exqisite and the service was over the top. This was our first time here an we had no idea what to order. The waiter was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu as well as the wine menu. We we're NOT dissapointed at all. Definitly recommending this restaurants to all of our friends!!
We ate here prior to attending the Zarkana show this past weekend.  I was really impressed with the food and service.  The bartender serving us, I believe his name was Premo, was so attentive and funny.  He made our experience all the better.  I would definitely go back the next time we are in town.
Always a great time!!!
Fun lil tappas place. Good atmosphere. Different areas for intimate dining, group dining or entertaining view from the bar. Server was informative without being pushy. Portions fill you up just enough.
Food was good, however I was expecting a lot more based on the reviews.  The atmosphere is also slightly off. It is located with in the lobby of the Aria, and does not have walls to close you off, so it has more of a the feel of a food court.  With all of the fabulous places in the Vegas, this is not one that I recommend
This place is so good. The drinks are good especially the Sangria-- Wowser it is strong. I have been here many times and tried many things on the menu. My favorite is the mixed grill paella. The ceviche is also a favorite. The only problem is if you go with 3 people there is always that odd moment of who is getting that extra piece. The plates usually come with 2 or 4 pieces. So if you go in a group of 3, get ready to fight. It is totally worth it. Or just order extra plates.
Great: lobster gazpacho, mixed seafood ceviche, risotto, sangria
Really Good: ox tail wrapped in pancetta, ahi tuna tempura rolls
Good: cheese plate, pistachio tart, chocolate lava cake, chorizo and chicken paella
Disappointing: warm spinach salad
I wish I had a place like this where I lived. Good simple foods, nice service, and not to upscale but classy enough to have atmosphere. I have never had a bad meal here, and the drinks are fantastic! The tile work in the place is really nice, and be sure to try their Foie Gras! Outstanding! Everyone we have sent here has loved it!
Add to the list of entrees you can't pass up: the mussels. So, so tasty. Also don't miss the Spanish tortilla (eggs, potatoes, carmelized onion) and the albondigas.
Decor is nice, and looks trendy but that's about it. Very expensive - I don't mind expensive if it's good. And it was mediocre. First of all, it is very loud because half of the place is open facing the lobby of Aria. We had 9:30 pm reservations - quickly seated. We ordered 4 tapas - sauted spinach, bell pepper, seared scallop, and bass. The portions were super tiny. I have had tapas before but jeez- for $15 a place- they were the size of a lemon. Ridiculous. Spinach was good but had some weird white chunks that tasted sour. Red bell pepper, the size of a ver small lemon was cold and lacked any flavor. The scallops ( came with 3) were ok, seared not quite well on outside and a little undercooked on the inside. The bass- 2 little slices- were ok- sauted so skin was crunchy but for $20 it was crazy. Service was just so so, I noticed service was better at bigger tables or tables that ordered lots of alcohol. Seems like this is the place to go to be seen and to show off, nothing about the food or service impressed. It was beautiful on the surface, but nothing else. Will not go again. Save your money and go to a nice expensive Buffett.
We were both were really looking forward to this place because we saw they had churros for dessert and they were a tapas place.  We got the the restaurant and had a reservation through open table (we requested somewhere where we could see the entire restaurant because it really was beautiful, they sat us in the back next to a pillar which blocked the entire restaurant BOO)

We ordered first the whitefish ceviche (really really good) .  The taro chips complemented the ceviche perfectly. Then we had the tuna cones, they were really good as well.  All their seafood tasted really fresh (for being in a landlocked state).  Next was the soup, I thought it was ok but a but on the salty side, but the BF loved it.  We had the pan manchengo next, soo light and good.  And our last dishes were the lobster with the mashed potatoes and asparagus and the beef and cheese.  These were really good the lobster was cooked very nicely and seemed to be wrapped in prosciutto, very nice and crispy and the beef and cheese was nice and medium rare.  Really good beef but a bit on the heavier side.

Overall it was a really nice dinner and we really enjoyed it.  Sadly we could not order dessert, we we just way too full.
We would definitely come back next time and those churros are on the list.
Let me start this out by saying that my feelings about this place fall somehwere between A-OK and I'm a fan. I had a reservation, made through Open Table, for a party of 4. Two people arrived early and were seated right away. When I arrived, a drink menu was promptly delivered...actually it was an iPad but same thing, and our drink were ordered. The atmosphere was loud in a Saturday night kind of way. Unfortunatley, two of our dinning companions were a bit older and hearing was an issue for them. I suspected this might be a problem, as Tapas restarants normally promote drinking and plate sharing which leads to lots of guest interaction. But I just went with it. 

We ordered the Tuna raspberry skewers, the spicy tuna cones, a serrano ham plate, truffle risotto, a salmon dish, galic chicken, and artichokes. I woudl say 50% was delicios, the other 50% was just meh. The artichokes were little grease bites, the salmon was forgettable and the raspberry tuna skewers looked better than they tasted. My favorite was the spicy tuna cone. It had great texture and the flavors worked really well. The serrano ham plate was simple and everyone gobbled it up. The risotto wasn't the best i've ever had but the truffle flavor was intense and I'm a sucker for truffle anything. 

Dessert: Churros with chocolate dipping sauce & Almond cake. The churros were hot but plain, no sugar or cinnimon sprinked on them. The chocolate sauce was thick and slightly spiced with chili, yum. I prefered the almond cake. It was simple and a nice finish to the meal but nothing I would specifically recommend to a visitor. 

Drinks- I have an obsession with Aviations and the one here was really good. Not a great as the ones made at the Vesper Bar but still very tasty. They also had a nice wine list but the waiters knowledge was not that extensive to be able to make suggestions without pouring multiple tastes. 

Easy to get a reservation and fun if you want to mingle. Dishes are different that your typical tapas fare, even though there are the staples, and its always fun to try somethinig new.
Tapas - small dishes - are an excellent way to spend an evening, enjoying the flavored and a great glass of red!  Enjoyed the white ceviche, garlic chicken, tuna, sliders et al!  Service was prompt and pleasant.
The Ceviche was amazing! Was surprised that this place was able to pull off such a dish! We ordered a dishes but by far, Ceviche was the best.

Service is great! Our server, Eddie was phenomenal! The atmosphere was relaxed, not too crowded but just busy enough to give the place life.  The only thing that keeps me from going back is parking at Aria. What a mess that is!
Amazing simply the best Spanish food I have had so far in the US. The ceviche is mind blowing. Came here 2 nights in a row!
I love this place!! I'm regretting waiting so long to try it but this is a go to place when I'm in town.  All the food except maybe one thing we ordered was excellent.  We ordered 10 dishes and I think the one that stand out the most was the Rabo De Toro.  Other favorites was the risotto, Foiegras, short ribs and the donuts!. Can't miss that with the Churros.  You can double dip the chocolate and the butterscotch from the donuts!
Went here last weekend for a bachelorette party. We had planned to start the night out with a light dinner here. Reservations for our party of seven were made in advance because we had plans to get to a club by 11. We showed up a few minutes early for our reservation and the hostess says it will be a few minutes, you're the next party of seven. Now I have no problem waiting 5-10 minutes for them to clear the tables or whatever but we waited over 45 minutes. By this point we were starving and worried about making it to our later plans. I wish I could have given this place 5 stars because the food really was great and the service (after speaking with the manager about our dilemma) was awesome. The food was served quickly and the prices were pretty reasonable considering everything on Vegas is a little pricey. I'd go here again but only if I wasn't in a rush to be somewhere!
Went to see Zarkana afterwards we were hungry and tried this place. The food was pretty good but portions are tiny. Ordered the garlic chicken which had a lot of fat on it also got the lamb chop which was ok and again had a lot of fat. Black rice was pretty good, salad was good, steak tartar which was good. Also had some other dishes as well.

I would not go there again not worth the money.
Having no expectation of this place and a pretty bad experience with Spanish cuisine, I must say I was amazed at how Julian Serrano has proved me wrong and makes me want to return to try more tapas.

For two people, we split an order of paella (takes 40 mins to make, enough for 2 according to their menu, enough for 4 if you are ordering some tapas). We started off the meal with the sliders, ceviche, and chicken croquetas. We might have ordered a dish too many as we were waiting for our paella, but oh well! I loved their croquetas. Crispy outer layer with a creamy, juicy chicken filling. It's like a bite sized pot pie! Although the dish is quite petite, it can be quite heavy. The ceviche I ordered contained white fish, octopus, scallops served with these chips reminded me of some root (I'm guessing its a lotus chip. ) it's a good light and appetizing small dish. The chips balances out the not too overwhelming lime juice. The tentacles weren't tough to chew, not overdone. 

We had the mixed paella with Spanish chorizo, lobster,  mussels, chicken, artichokes, peas. Some of the other paella sounded tastier but I couldn't decide between chorizo and lobster so why not both? It's a fragrant dish served fresh on its hot plate, with the steam with juicy chicken and fresh seafood seeping out of the saffron rice. The dish isn't extremely dry, overlooked, or salty. It has been way too long since I've had paella like this.

I couldn't finish half my paella since I do want to make some room for desserts. We split the molten chocolate cake with blood orange sorbet. After tasting some crappy fake blood orange flavored sugary ice with food coloring, I'm glad to have some real blood orange sorbet that is on point! It's a must for me to have some tarty flavors in case the chocolate gets too sweet and overwhelming. The chocolate cake itself is actually semisweet. Good on its own, great with the sorbet. That warm and cold mixture just gets you when you're indoors at somewhere with super high AC but you're still in the desert. The cake is not dense at all, very airy textured, just enough to hold the warm chocolate filing in the center.

Definitely worth my dollars. Can't wait to come back and try more tapas!
I had my favorite meal during my 4 days in Vegas here at Julian Serrano.  The menu is impressive, there are so many plates to choose from.  It's tapas style but I was stuffed after ordering 2 dishes.  I got the gambas a la plancha (head-on prawns), a bit of a mess to eat, I think I would try something else next time but delicious.  My favorite was the Rabo de toro (oxtail AND iberico?).  can't go wrong with that one.  I ordered a glass of russian river pinot noir that was delicious (@ $18/glass, one would hope so).  ONe thing that turned me off was one of the bartenders who served me.  He pushed sangria on me, saying it was the best drink to order.  1) it was the cheapest (not that that necessarily means anything and 2) it was the sweetest and I told him I don't like sweet drinks.  The other bartender who served me completely cancelled this guy out though, he was awesome and attentive.  If I lived in Vegas, I'd be a regular here.  The prices are reasonable and meet my expectations for the quality.  A delightful, and polar opposite experience to Bar Masa.
Fan-frickin-tastic.

I admit I went to this more than a year ago but our meal still stands out as one of our better Vegas dining experiences.

The 'atmosphere' is a bit odd, just between the Cosmopolitan and Aria but the food and great service make up for any oddity.

I know I should have taken notes because I can't remember what we had, but I doubt there's a 'miss' on the list, just go for it.
I love this place. There, I said it.

If I could pick a secret super-hero dining tool, it would be an extending fork. I love to try everything - all of it. A perfect meal for me means I have sampled it all.... Shared with my neighbor and snagged a little something from your plate. No need here, small plates built to share means people like me are happy campers!

Although its billed as a Spanish tapas joint, it has a more American flare.

My faves of the evening:
- goat cheese lollipops - ohhhh we ordered more!
- steak
- donuts
- churros (clearly I have a dessert problem)

My not faves -
- calamari - table loved it, just not my thing
- paella - my muscles were a bit strong

Fantastic drinks, people watching and service. We dines with 8 people, and had a ton of dishes. The bill slit was 120 which seemed pretty good. Great value, and super convenient for the cirque show.

It didn't hurt that we sat next to a fabulous bachelorette party dressed as Air Force pilots (nice one ladies)

Ill go back. Loads of fun and great food.
Had multiple foodgasms.

Living in Spain for a while, I have to say I've had better Tapas here than I did back in some places in Spain.

I got the croquettes, potatoes, white anchovy tapas, stuffed dates (OMFG), and then finished it off with Churros con chocolate (OMG x2)

Words cannot express the feelings I got when I was eating all of this food.

Too bad it's pricey and 2,000 miles away from my home, because I'd come back here every weekend.
Recently was in Vegas for a roller derby game, and a group from my team came here for dinner.

We had a 9:30 reservation, and showed up with 4 of the 6.  They still seated us, and brought us drinks.  We went with a sangria, which was delicious, and got our evening started off right!

The other two in our party ending up being really quite late, so we went forward and ordered food.  They were very patient and pleasant when the remaining party members did show up.

Here's some things that the table ordered:

Goat Cheese Salad
Tuna-Raspberry Skewer
White Ceviche (YES.)
Black Rice (So good!)
Brava Potatoes 
Asparagus
Creamy Risotto (Must have.)
Stuffed Dates (We almost ordered another, so good!)

They have an entire vegetarian / vegan menu, so don't be shy about asking.  Also, we didn't partake in them, but the paellas looked AMAZING that were going out to the other tables.

Overall, we had a great experience.  Pleasant wait staff, delicious food and drinks, great atmosphere.  Definitely would return.
The service was good and the atmosphere is nice...but the food...a joke. We ordered the rib eye, the chorizo, the sauteed shrimp and the steak tar tar to start....and to end. We took a few bites and realized we had to go somewhere else and eat pronto. The rib eye was 2 slices of a decent steake but verrrry fatty...and that was the best part of the meal. The chorizo was less stellar than Jimmy Dean and i dont even eat that garbage. The shrimp tasted like it went from the freezer to the microwave in bacon fat. And the tar tar... which my friend ordered and he has worked in some of the finer NY restaurants including Ciprianis.. was laughable. When the waiter came to ask if we needed anything more we said the check and the nearest decent restaurant. I said the "chef should be demoted to bus boy". He summoned his manager who was nice enough but insisted that his chef was "one of the best in spain". Insert laughter here. Ok well congratulations to him but this food was nothing but overpriced. He comped the two dishes we left on the plate (which was not our intention) and apologized but we left hungry and very disappointed. And btw i have been to Spain and the food there is not spectacular as rule but the great Tapas places are all about quality which this place lacks.
Overall a really nice restaurant. Great food. 
I did think that some of the portions sizes were a little small or maybe there were just too many of us! 
My favorite dishes were, Spanish tortilla (excellent) brava potatoes, scallops, lamb chop. 
We also ordered the mixed paella. It was just ok. The mussels & lobster in it were delicious, but otherwise it was just bleh! 
I don't drink sangria but the other 8 people in my party loved it. 
Overall a good dining experience.
Get the stuffed dates and foie gras!!! Stuffed dates have pancetta with its wholesome self crisped around it. The gin cocktail with pureed apples and thyme, perfect. Short ribs a bit tough, lime sweet potatoes were delicious. Seabass was executed nicely... great flavors, perfectly crispy skin. Make sure you ask for your temperature on the sliders, ours came it well. Manager was great and gracious enough to attend time with us and explain everything. Our server on the other hand, not attentive. He did not have suggestions, didn't know the menu, spoke way to quiet, and stood around across the room most of the night. Nice kid but not up to par to serve at a complex strip restaurant.  Bussers and management were at our table 98 %. I would come back hopefully service is better.  Prices are a bit high but i knew and expected that. 3 1/2 stars.
I'm not really one for eating tapas, but our group ate here after a little convincing and it was quite good. The pace of tapas coming to the table is a little too slow for me, but Serranos seemed to pull things off quite nicely.

If you like tapas, I'd highly recommend. Everyone in our group thoroughly enjoyed themselves.
Ordered three plates: (1) yellowtail "tiradito" - very good (loved the fried string sweet potatoes with it. The portion was very small (only three pieces), (2) white ceviche - decent, but had better, (3) Heirloom tomato salad with mozzarella ice cream- tasty.  Overall, the food is good, but portion is very small and it's pricey. I know it's a tapas place, but I've had bigger portions at other tapas place.
Very nice restaurant with excellent food but the service that day was lacking.  So many people there friday night with at least 2 brides to be :). The waiter was quite apologetic and kind but my hubby got quite annoyed when the last dish did not appear for 20-30 mins.  They happily cancelled it though when we requested it to be cancelled.  I really enjoyed their sangria too.  Overall, they just need to hire more waiters and chefs so that they can boost their ratings.  I would give it a 4 but my hubby would give it a 2, so average is a 3 :)
Hmmm too expensive ! We were there this evening and are very disappointed. We ordered the red sangria, which was ok ( I only missed fruit in it ).  As in Europe, we ordered tapas. The patata bravas too expensive, sorry. They are selling shrimps in stead of real gambas. The abodigas were just ok.  We made a complaint and only got the answer : I'll let the chef know.....
Nice place to sit, not too cold inside. Anyway, we will not return.
Excellent food! Ahi tuna cones and white ceviche were amazing, so was the rib eye. Great service too!
From atmosphere to food to service- from drinks to tapas- Julian Serrano is a must when even close to the Aria Casino. If you are a fan of Spanish tapas, you will be as close to heaven as you will ever be. We are huge fans of tapas, the smaller portions and the many flavors that will explode on your taste buds. So many varieties and all of the tapas were beautifully presented on great, long rectangular plates that facilitated the three of us getting to all that was available. Favorites included the Spanish tortilla de patata, the octopus, the scallops, the ceviche was so delicious. We tried everything we thought we would like including the lamb, and then because we had a great rapport  with our waiter, we let him pick some of his favorites for us to try. 
We had reservations for 9pm and ate easily for at least 2 and a half hours, as a matter of fact, we actually closed the restaurant down and were never made to feel that we were a bother. It was a birthday celebration, and they brought the most beautiful plate complete with candle! (see pictures) Rarely will you find a restaurant that gets all of it right- but at Julian Serrano all of the stars aligned for us to give us a perfect meal.
Great Tapas
AMAZING thank you yelp for allowing me to find this place bu its amazing reviews. We went here Wednesday night this restaurants is located in the Aria hotel. I looked to see the items that you MUST order and i did and was extremely impressed. I started with the lobster salad omg lobster was cooked just perfectly and a decent portion too. Also the fish ceviche very good, and their advertisement has the tuna lollipops. that you just must try i cannot explain how good they are. Also the salmon with the truffle sauce and mushrooms. Great place a must try if you are a foodie !
Came here expecting a nice ish tapas restaurant but turns out its a bit more casual. Its in the lobby of the Aria and despite being labeled as "$$$" there are a lot of people in flip flops and still wearing bathing suits or what have you from the pool. 

We had reservations for 9 and arrived 20 min early and asked one of the hosts if we could be sat a little early. He said he would check and then disappeared for 10 minutes. People that just walked in were sat down before us as we just waited for him. He eventually came back and looked at us then walked away. Ok. After another while and more walk ins being sat in front of us a waitress finally said to follow her and sat us at our table. It was already past 9 at that point. He could've just said "Sorry we can't sit you earlier" and we would have happily sat at the bar and ordered a drink. What a pointless waste of our time as we stood by the hostess stand. 

Food was ok. A couple hits and a couple misses. Overall wish we had gone to Jaleo instead. Food was not super creative, the tasting menu especially was really generic with caeser salad, chicken, and molten lava cake. Not very Spanish-y at all I imagine it was trying to appeal to the mass audience/flip flop crowd.

Started off with chicken croquettes with bechamel, yummy and really creamy/fried but not very reminiscent of Spanish croquettes. The pan con tomate and manchego was unremarkable. We were pretty excited for the black foot pig ribs with beans and the black foot pig shoulder on toast with caramelized onions. Black foot pigs are fed only acorns and their meat is supposed to taste amazing. The ribs were ALL fat. Honestly could not tell you what the meat tasted like because there were only tiny scraps of it attached to white blubber. The beans were ok. The pork shoulder had good flavor but was so tough. Its a shame to overcook such good quality meat like that. With the onions and toast it would've been lovely if properly cooked.

The dish I most liked was one of the specials, coca with goat cheese, figs and arugula. The coca bread was soooo good. Cannot wait to get that again somewhere. Its like a cakey thicker tortilla. With the fresh figs and goat cheese and arugula this was perfect.

The chicken with chorizo and potatoes was super flavorful and a lot of food. It came with salty whipped cream which I imagine you were supposed to mix into everything else but I was not quite fond of. It could have used a fresh/vegetable element since everything was very heavy. 

They forgot my lobster saffron rice but at that point I was full so it was fine. 

Looked at desserts but they looked pretty meh. The table next to us ordered the churros and they looked pretty unremarkable. The almond cake with turron ice cream sounded better but after the meal we were reluctant to order it. Would probably not return here.
Wow! Tapas and service galore. Make sure you ask for April, then start with a glass of Spanish Red wine.  When you start your order, keep these specialties in mind., goat cheese salad, mushroom risotto, tuna cones, salmon truffle.... Need I go on...
We will be back!
The service the night we dined led something to be desired. In total we had at least three servers come by our table taking various orders or dropping items off which was confusing as to who was actually in charge of our table. After waiting 15-20min to place our order of three tapas and sangria, we received our food which was only a meat plate, cheese plate and tuna cones after 15min but no sangria until the end of our meal. We told our third waiter we wanted the sangria taken off our bill since it was ridiculous to be served our drinks after we were done, especially since we could see if was permeate in a giant glass jug with a spout on the bar. The manager was nice enough to come over and discuss our lack of service and took half off our bill including the sangria, which was appreciated. So I would give it a second chance because the food was excellent and the manager acknowledged the lacking service without us having to call him over.
Yum! Love this place and will definitely return! Everything was delicious and service was fast.

faves:
white ceviche
gambas
spanish sliders
I am writing this update because I had such a bad experience. My first was fine and this was just horrible. I made my reservation for 5:30 for 4 people. We sat down with 3 people waiting on the 4th. The waitress took about 10 minutes to reach our table. We told her to brig the Sangria ( which tasted like pure sugar water this time) and a calamari for and app. She brought the items and we told her we would be ordering the Paella because it takes 40 minutes to cook. She said fine and walked away. 

After about 25 minutes I called her over and asked if we could order. I also just wanted to double check with her that she put the paella in for 4 people . She looked at me like I was crazy. She said no, she put it in for 2 people. WHAT??? We have a table of 4. She said we should just order an extra item off of the menu if we were still hungry. I asked for the manager right away.

The manager came over and I explained the situation. He said he would try and get a 4 person paella expedited for us. He came out 5 minutes later and said we were so lucky because someone else had ordered a 4 person and he would just give us theirs. After we had all of our small plates, which were good they brought out the paella. OMG was this a joke? You could see right away that the rice was not cooked. We asked them to serve it up and they just glared at us and left a spoon. We tried eating it and the rice was so raw it was literally sticking to our teeth. We were picking it out. I called the manager back over. We asked him to taste it, he did and said that is how they serve it. What a liar. I have had the paella here so many times and never tasted this kind of crap. 

He took it away and we just ordered the donuts for dessert. We ordered 2 orders so we could all have some. They brought out 3 and also a flan that tasted horrible and no one ate. The manager came back over and said he had removed several things off of our check. When we got the check, they charged us for half of a paella and 3 orders of donuts. WHAT??? GET THE MANAGER!! He came over again about 10 minutes later with a new check and said "oh here is your real check". Are you serious Mr. Manager? Nice try ripping me off. 

This was a disaster and I will never return to this restaurant. What a joke! This place is not cheap and they should have it together by now. That waitress and manager should be fired for playing silly little games. Oh and by the way even after the removal of the paella we still spent roughly $300- So we were really not looking for a free meal, just good food and service.
I'll keep this short and sweet: if you want amazing tapas, go to La Cave at the Wynn. Julian Serrano is good, but the portions are very small for a very high price, and I think La Cave's food is better...
Love this place. It was a Tuesday night and the place was packed. Luckily we had a reservation and we were seated right away. The service was fairly quick. The ambiance is lively and bright, it's loud but bearable, everyone looked like they were having a good time.

Continue on to the food. There are many selections on tapas, price ranges from $11-$30 each most of them are at $14-$16 which are fairly reasonable being a restaurant at the Aria. We ordered the Mixed Seafood Ceviche, the Lobster Saffron and the Bomba (spicy meatball) to start off. All were delicious. Then we shared a Mixed Paellas $50, can be shared among 2 ppl, (lobster, mussels, chicken, spanish pork chorizo and vegetables over saffron rice). The rice was a little hard for me but the seafood were cooked to perfection. Hint: all the dished we've tried was a little on the salty side, that's how they get you to drink more. We also had a pitcher of white Sangria which was way more than enough alcohol for the 2 of us.

By the end of the meal we were too stuffed to try dessert. We'll be back next time to try other tapas.. they all sound so good.
I've always been pretty suspicious of tapas restaurants. All to often restaurants use "tapas' as an excuse to serve up small portions at high prices. And while Julian Serrano is no exception to this, the small plates of deliciousness served up here are worth it if your a tapas fan.

Couple of items I definitely think are worth checking out: goat cheese lollipops, Spanish sliders, brava potatoes and of course churros for dessert. However beware, the ribs here nothing but flavored fat. The food was delicious without a doubt, I could probably eat most of those dishes again without hesitation. 

Julian Serrano like the other restaurants at City Center looks great. Nice open spot, very hip and service was nothing to complain about. Hit up OpenTable to get a reservation unless you like waiting.

JS is definitely more expensive than some of the other tapas restaurants around the Strip, but hey... you are eating at Aria after all. Around $10-$20 for most plates but the portions are small. I couldn't help but be disappointed at how small the plates were. Each tapa usually translates to only 2-3 bites when sharing with the table. I doubt anyone can leave this place satisfied for under $40. 

Last minute tip: check out M-life to see if they have promotions for this place. Bringing down the price makes JS definitely worth it!
Love this place.  I had eaten at BarMasa the night before and was not impressed there, but am so happy that I stumbled upon Julian Serrano.  Nice atmosphere with awesome Tapa's.  We sat at the bar, which was more like a table for 4 and had a great time and awesome meal.  Ordered a not so expensive bottle of wine and just kept ordering off the menu one at a time until we were full.  DEFINITELY try the ahi tuna.  Unreal and worth a second order.  

Service at the bar was exceptional and it was a fun evening.  

It was packed, but in my opinion sit at the bar tables if its just a few (or two in my case) of you.  I think its a better more social scene there and you aren't shuffled off into the bowels of the restaurant (actually its pretty open, just saying the bar area is better).

A fan here!
I am a slut for patatas bravas. It's the truth. That spicy aioli, the potatoes...crispy on the outside, velvet on the inside. It doesn't really get any better than that. 

Oh wait, it does! 

When patatas bravas are joined by a nice glass of wine, the delctable, savory paquetitos (manchego and artichoke mixture wrapped with JAMON), a  BOWL OF HOT, GLISTENING CHORIZO, and a handsome smiling man...I become THE BIGGEST SLUT IN THE WORLD. What's that touching your crotch? Oh, nothing. JUST MY HANDS. 

JK JK JK 

But really, I had a lovely time here. A lovely time that was made even lovelier with my smartly dressed hunk of a boyfriend. 
The staff got a nice, fat tip, because they were positively PLEASANT, despite the madness of a busy lunchtime crowd. 

A few negatives: 

- I like chairs with backs, I found the stool situation to be a little uncomfortable
- the space is TOOO small! Yes, it's intimate, but I shouldn't have to be grinding with strangers as I wait for seating!
Amazing food. Got the ceviche, patatas bravas and some cocktails and we were very happy campers. Great staff. They manage to create a great atmosphere despite the fact that you're dining in a mall.
Had a very nice lunch here. I believe it was $19 for three courses. Started with lobster gazpacho followed by a very nice salmon entree and a piece of almond cake for desert. Wife had the gazpacho, the chicken and flan. The chicken was very delicious. A great value for lunch in Vegas.
While on a girls' trip to Vegas, we came here to eat - the fact that we could order multiple plates and share them was enticing. We started off with a pitcher of Sangria that was really refreshing. 

For plates, we got the following dishes, and I put them in the order of what I liked the best:
1. short ribs (my favorite but we had 2 orders - 1 fall of the bone amazing, 1 kind of tough)
2. white ceviche
3. stuffed dates
4.  brava potatoes
5. garlic chicken
6. spanish tortilla

Tips/Info:
- Get roughly 2-3 small dishes per person.
- Make a reservation ahead of time
- It's inside ARIA just past the main hotel check-in desk
Tapas bar is trendy and modern.   I am a 61 YO pharmacist and was the oldest person in the dining area.  The hostess stuck us in the far and dark corner of the restaurant but we told her to seat us near the front.  We got a tiny table  which was not big enough for the small plates that were served to patrons. It was like a juggling act.  constantly tried to transfer food from many plates to our very small dinner plate. We had to stack the plates due to lack of table space.  Our server had a slight attitude toward us but just ignored it.  The food looked great but tasted average.  I wish I would have given the $90 to a homeless guy/girl instead of wasting it at the tapas bar.  If you are under 35 yo , I think you will get great service.
Tapas were good.  Definitely would go again.  Really liked the goat cheese lollipops.
The food here is DE-LISH-OUS.

We stumbled upon Julian Serrano after previous dinner plans had fallen through.  They were able to squeeze in our table of 7 without a reservation.

At the bar, they have three types of Sangria, red, white and blush.  Of course, I tried the red sangria which was probably one of the best I've tried.  It was not too sweet which means less of a headache later in the night or in the morning.

Here's what we went with:
      -Octupus:  Octopus on top of potato in a butter paprika sauce
      - Black Rice: Calamari, lobster, sofrito and squid ink
      -Mixed Paella: lobster, chicken, mussels, chorizo, veggies

The tapas where some of the best I've ever had and the Black Rice was the star of the show.  It was so different and so good, I can't think of anything I could compare it to.  The Paella was good, but not great.  I would recommend spending your money on the extensive tapa selection that is available.
Fabulous. Expensive. But fabulous.

We ate here a few weeks ago during a tour of the grand loop. We opted for the early theater menu with wine pairing. Definitely a great experience.

Started with lobster gazpacho (awesome!), and chicken croquettes for the other half. Then salmon for one, pork chop sous vide for the other (both fabulous, pork with dried fruit and some amazing sauce concoction).

Molten chocolate cake was only topped by the santiago cake, both are, like, to die for, so to speak. A well paired glass of wine with each course, the red being the best of the three.

All in all, $39 pre-fixe + $19 wine pairing, you're talking like $150 tax and tip. For a fabulous three course meal and wine in Vegas, I'd say it's not too bad. Friendly service to boot. Definitely a treat.

Thanks for listening!
Delicious food, great atmosphere. It was just loud, we had a hard time hearing one another. Small portions!!!!!
Oh, yum. Everything I had was really tasty! Tapas are usually expensive, so I didn't see this place being that much more expensive than others, but for a few extra dollars you get a lot of flavor. They have a lot of "new" kinds of tapas that are a fusion of other ethnic foods but you also have the traditional spanish tapas such as mussels, gazpacho, and the like. 

What did we get?
Asparagus
Spinach
Chicken croquetas (Don't get this. not worth the money) 
Spanish tortilla
Mussels
White ceviche
Yellow tail dish (it was 3 raw slices of yellow tail that was wrapped around this sauce filled with what they said was "sweet potato haystack"...JUST GET IT.) 
Gazpacho w/ lobster (MY absolute favorite, had this ball that broke open in your mouth that had this super savory broth in it) 
Paella valenciana (for 2)

Oh, and a glass or red wine sangria and a pitcher of sparkling white sangria

Man oh man. Bill turned out to be 212 dollars or so. Not too terrible for a tapas place.

What dishes were the stars in my opinion? 

1. Gazpacho- it was one of the BEST i've ever had. Lobster pieces were BIG too, and that weird sphere thing was tasty! Hard to share, since it's soup, though. BTW it's kinda cute that the waiter warns you that it's a cold soup. I guess people have made that mistake before, but don't get put off by it- it's SUPER refreshing! 

2. White ceviche- ohh...so orgasmically delicious. I wish they would put more taro chips on there with the ceviche...and I wish they would have a separate plating of the chips and ceviche so the chips won't get soggy. 

3. YELLOWTAIL ...it's pricy.. 3 pieces for 16 bucks so it was basically almost a 6 dollar bite you're paying for (plus tax and tip)  ...but it was so worth it. We didn't know it was only 3 pieces or else we wouldn't have gotten it, but if you're a baller...get this dish. it's extravagant, delicious and PERFECT. The best 6 dollars you'll put in yo mouth. 

4. I personally loved the spinach. It might not be worth it to some, but it was cooked great with pine nuts, raisins and apple pieces all lightly sauteed. it was perfect. 

Things that weren't so great: 

1. Mussels: I've had better mussels at other places. These mussels were small, and kind of sad. They all came out luke warm, too. Not that much broth in there either. My favorite mussels are from Cha Cha Cha's in San Francisco. These...just didn't keep up.

2. Croquetas. bleh. I was expecting something else. some other girls in my table liked it but I wasn't impressed especially with the price.

3. Worst was the tortilla. I really, REALLY wanted to like this. They gave you one small slice of an already made portion- I get that part. But I've had and had made spanish tortilla before and I get why it wasn't made to order.  The reason why I didn't say it was that good was because it was way too salty. Across the table, every single person in our party said it was salty...and it was. The texture, the flavor was all really, really nice... it was just the excess salt in the dish that made it not quite as tasty.

Overall, a really nice experience. The paella was good and the portion for 2 people is enough for tapas for 4 or 5 or even more. For 4 girls, we got 2 tapas each and a paella to share and I think that's more than enough. We were stuffed beyond belief. (The waiter said 2-3 tapas per person..but i think you can get away with 1-2..and share a paella) 

The sparkling sangria and the red sangria were both excellent. I'd love to come here again..but I'm ballin' on a budget so if I go to another expensive restaurant it's gonna be at a new one so I can try 'em all.
If you have the chance, eat here. It is the best food I've had for under $60/pp. BY FAR.

We ate at Julian Serrano on a Monday night. We had made a reservation prior to sitting down and only had to wait a few minutes before being seated. We were a large group, so we ordered a lot. I'll go dish-by-dish and tell you what we thought of every item we ordered.

Heirloom Tomato Salad: This was excellent, albeit expensive. It's essentially four tomatoes with a mozzarella ice cream on top (really more like a very creamy mozzarella). It's two bites per piece, but those two bites are absolutely incredible. 9/10.

Steak Tartare: Delicious. The strip of steak tartare is very flavorful, as are the chips on top. The crunch is very nice and really counters the softer texture of the steak well. 9/10.

Yellowtail "Tiradito": Three pieces of yellowtail with sweet potato crisps in the middle. I don't even like sweet potato. But this was the best dish of the night. The fish is magnificently flavorful, and it literally melts in your mouth. If you're going to Julian Serrano, you NEED to get one of these. 10/10.

White Ceviche: There is a but of a spice to this, and the fish is certainly flavorful. It's very good, though not extraordinary. There really isn't anything wrong with it; it just doesn't have the wow factor of the other dishes that we ordered. 7.5/10.

Tuna Carpaccio: The worst of the dishes we ordered. The tuna has a great texture but lacked flavor. It could have used some more seasoning, and the pine nuts and capers don't add much to it. 6/10.

Salmon with Truffle: The salmon is lightly cooked and the truffle sauce is delicious. The proportions of the different components are perfect and the truffle bchamel adds great flavor to the fish. 9/10.

Traditional Spanish Chicken Croquetas: These were delicious, but I'm not so sure they were worth the price. Still, they were so moist and delicious that I would highly recommend them. 8.5/10.

Spanish Iberico Sliders: Not your everyday sliders. The beef, pork, and onions mix perfectly with the lettuce and tomato, and together they make up the best sliders I've ever eaten. 9.5/10.

Short Ribs: Delicious, melt-in-your-mouth flavor. They are ridiculously flavorful and tender. We ate the short ribs at Aureole the night before, and these were even tastier than the ones at Aureole. Highly recommended, 9.5/10.

Service was consistently great as well, especially for a casual place like Julian Serrano.
Has 1 tv screen.  Full bar n trees with no leaves
Delicious restaurant, everything in Vegas is pricey, but I didn't think it was that bad here. The quality of both food and drinks were worth it. Loved their white sangria!
I am a huge tapas fan.  So of course, I had to take Mom here for her ongoing birthday weekend celebration.  Everything here was perfect -- the decor, the service, and of course, the food!

First of all, the decor is very classy -- fancy yet inviting.  Secondly, the service was excellent.  Our waiter was very attentive and patient, answering all of my questions and letting us take our time ordering without rushing us at all.  And at the end he even surprised my mom with a birthday dessert!

And finally, the food! Yes, the food... Every dish we ordered tasted so good. Every dish was so pretty, so delicate, and tasted so yummy.  Here's what we ordered:

--Tuna-raspberry skewer: almost too pretty to eat!  But each bite is burst with flavor!
--Stuffed dates: sooo good.  Just the right mix of sweetness and savoriness. And the cheese was blended perfectly with the dates along with the crispy texture of pancetta... Wow, one of the best I've had!
--White ceviche: Wow, the ceviche comes with taro chips!  TARO chips! That was a every pleasant surprise! I love taros!  The fish was fresh and light with just the right amount of tartness..
--Fried calamari: Very crispy but with the perfect amount of batter.  Tasted so light yet so flavorful.
--Pan tomate: Simple dish yet nice blend of toasted bread with tomato sauce and garlic season.. yum!
--Red sangria: One of the best I've had, although I am not much of a drinker :P

--And the complementary birthday dessert! Santiago's Cake:  The subtle nutty flavor of the almond cake and turron ice cream -- OMG sooo good!  And we thought we had no room for dessert! It was too good not to finish... :)

Like I said, it was a perfect meal! I would definitely come here again the next time I am in Vegas!
Had dinner here with the wife and it was amazing. We ordered the following:
Black rice, tuna cones, brava potatoes, stuffed piquillo peppers, rabo de toro, molten chocolate cake and the churros. Everything we ordered was very good. Would definitely be back the next time we're in town
Pretty darn good. Nothing I didn't like and we had a bunch to eat.  Small but very tasty tapas.  Get a table in the back, the front area isn't that hip but the tables in back with super comfortable chairs were nice.
Easily the BEST tapas restaurant and bar i have ever been to!!

When i found out there was an upscale Spanish Tapas spot in Vegas I was very excited!!

It's located inside the amazing Aria Hotel and Casino.

I am a huge fan of the food, concept and culture. Julian Serrano 110% exceeded my expectations.

The atmosphere was very cool. 

Staff was very friendly, attentive and accommodating.

I ordered the Piquillo Peppers stuffed with Goat Cheese and Mushroom, the Calamari with an incredible Aioli, the Salmon atop a Portabella Mushroom with a Truffle Bechamel, the Chicken Croquet's and the Red Sangria.

I was thoroughly pleased with every dish. The flavors and taste were out of this world!!

The esthetics of the restaurant were very modern. The music played in the background was a hip Spanish style.

I will most definitely return to this restaurant to try the rest of the menu ASAP!!!
I think I would give this place a 2.5
Went here on a weekend awhile ago and it was busy(as expected) and not to mention we had a party of 9 so we were bound to wait. Finally got seated and were given the menu. It was really fun looking at the menu because a lot of things actually sounded really good but I ordered the salmon and the seabass and had a sample of some other stuff like ceviche and mushroom risotto. I thought the mushroom risotto was pretty good but the ceviche was kinda bland. It was refreshing but it fell short. Out of the two fishes I got, I really like the seabass. The salmon wasn't bad but it wasn't anything special. Both the dishes looked really nice though but the seabass was cooked to perfection and it had a really nice crispy skin layer to it which made it mmmm. Get a fork and slice through the fish and get some skin = mmmm goodness. 

I think the things were a bit overprice for how much you're getting and the taste is only decent. I wouldn't really come back as I have had better tapas places. I understand you're suppose to get small quantity but it kinda fell short for me. Service was nice. Maybe its just my opinion of course so if you haven't tried it, you are welcome to. The food was pretty good, I just didn't think it's worth my $.
My husband and I had a late lunch here and it was easily one of the best meals we've had in Vegas.

In total, we ordered the white ceviche, lobster saffron, cheese lollipop, albondigas, spanish iberico sliders, beef and cheese, and seared scallop. Everything was really good. I thought the white ceviche and albondigas were only okay, which surprised me since so many people go crazy over the ceviche in reviews. It actually tasted a little bland to me, but still was very good! Everything else was fantastic and presented beautifully. I was glad it was only me and my husband because we would have been fighting over those dishes if there were more people!

The dishes came out really quickly, and our waiter was attentive. Oddly enough, he seemed very rushed when we came in and almost rude to us taking our initial food and drink order. As we continued to order more food and more drinks, he became quite a bit more friendly and attentive. LOL, funny how that works!

My husband drank Riesling and I had a cherry sort of martini I can't remember the name of. It was really good, not too sweet and a little tart.

Overall, I'd highly recommend this place! Come hungry!
I got upsold by the person who greeted us right after we sat at our table and ordered the paella for 2.  doh!  $45 for paella that had chicken and was not that great at all.  Mistake.

Otherwise, the tapas were good, not great (except for the heirloom tomatoe tapas, that one was sooooo good).  Everything here was good, nothing too impressive and nothing a disapointment, except the paella.
Out of about 10 trips to Vegas, I think I've finally found my favorite LV restaurant in Julian Serrano. After coming here for my 30th birthday dinner (what a great choice upon coincidence) we decided to come back the next night before our red-eye. I'm obsessed with their cheese platter and have found a new favorite cheese with their new monte enebro .. AMAZE.

Mozzarella ice cream? Whaaaaat. I thought my friend was brave to give this "Heirloom Tomato salad" a try, then was overly consumed with jealousy when I tasted it and wished I got one for myself (I got one the next night, don't you worry). This is a dish that proves to have a top-notch chef behind it. So creative, mind-blowing, and just absolutely delicious.

Goat cheese (can you go wrong with anything involving goat cheese?) and tomato marmalade cake... just get it. Like the Mozzarella ice cream, this dish was created by a mastermind. Interesting blend of flavors and textures... you have to try it.

The spanish pizza AKA Coca Vegetarian was alright, but did not compare to my other dishes. I usually avoid all fish in Vegas because it just never seems as fresh as the Boston-right-off-the-water seafood I'm used to. However, I did give the fried fish of the day a try, aka bunuelo, since it's fried I figured how can that go wrong...but as usual it just did not taste right. My boyfriend got a bunch of red meat-related dishes that he loved as well, and my friends all enjoyed the same dishes as I.

Sangria was also unique with a hint of cinnamon. I wish I could make Julian Serrano a regular spot in my rotation, but it will just have to wait til my next trip to Vegas!
We got the beef w iberico pork and caramelized onion slider and it was excellent. I got the mushroom soup which was just OK and a friend got a seafood soup which she said was good. We also got the Mixed Paella which came with half a lobster. It was very good but I think next time I'll get the Paella Valenciana. A bit pricey but if you're staying at the Aria, what the hey.... I would go back for lunch.
Excellent variety of tapas; great service with very tasty and interesting menu selections. Prices were very reasonable; with cocktails and wine, our large party had a great meal and fun experience for under $100 per person.
i totally enjoyed the food here. They have delicious food and sangria
This is what i ordered. 
Short ribs
Stuffed Dates
Pan Tomate
grilled rib eye steak
lobster saffron
yellowtail tiradito
Cannot come to Las Vegas, and not come to my favorite restaurant of all time.

The tapas here will leave you speechless.
Las Vegas has become one of the new food meccas in the world.  This place makes that list.  The food, presentation and quality ingredients will want you coming back for more.

They recommend usually 3-4 tapas per person, well sorry - I had 14 (not including dessert)  
the must haves: 

the fish ceviche
the pulpo
the gambas al ajillo
the beef tartare - was phenomenal
the manchego lollipops
the meatballs
the dates with manchego and tomato marmalade (I would like them better without the marmalade) but that's a personal choice.

The sangria (white, red, bubbly) was some of the best ever.

For dessert - the churros! OMG

you may  have had tapas many times, but not like this... even the ones mentioned above have a special treat, presentation or spin.  you will love. I want more please.
Fantastic food-I found this place through Yelp and am so happy I tried it. The sparkling sangria was light and refreshing. Mixed green salad was pretty standard except for the trio of nuts which made it all the better. Brava potatoes were delish with just the right amount of spice. Ahi tuna cones were great but hard to figure out how to eat gracefully. My favorite part was the spicy lamb meatballs-they were out of this world!! The reason for a 4-star instead of a 5...terrible service. After taking our order we didn't see our server (Name on receipt said Richard L. was our cashier - not sure if that's the server too) again until bill time-others brought our dishes and no one stopped to ask how anything was. No offers to get us another drink, no water refills, nothing. Surprising that such poor service is tolerated in a nice place that is not inexpensive.
This restaurant has a great vibe and vibrant, bright decor that just gives our dining experience a fun feel.  We enjoyed our dinner and tapas, only complaint would be that the food came out way, way too fast.  We sat down at 7ish, ordered soon after (about 5 or 6 different tapas), and by 7:30 or so all of our food had been served.  We hadn't even finished our first glasses of wine yet.  Lesson learned: only order 2 at a time so you can spread out the meal.  We ended up ordering another dish just so we could sit and relax for awhile, and my husband was still hungry.

The food itself was excellent, hence the 4 stars.  Highlights were the lobster gazpacho, Spanish tortilla, ahi tuna tempura, and Spanish iberico sliders. Avocado cannelloni was good but a little rich.  My husband also enjoyed the olives.  For dessert we had the bunuelos (Spanish donuts) with butterscotch and caramel; they were ok, would have been much better with just caramel or dulce de leche, no butterscotch.
Man this place seems to be all hype. The few things we ordered were extremely salty and pricy. The bite size is pretty small, I thought the whole idea behind empanadas were they were to be shared, but the portion size might not satisfy two. In fact we went here to have the paella, I have had paella in Spain and Miami and I really enjoyed it, but the one they serve here was not that great. We left very disappointed, maybe I just walked in on a bad day at the kitchen...
Excellent service, mixed paella totally uninteresting for 50 bucks and luke warm.  Ate here before, pretty much the same mediocre and overpriced food.

Gotta love Vegas, they don't get better just pricier.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE EARLY EVENING DINNER TASTING MENU -- $39/PP

APPETIZER 
- lobster gazpacho | traditional chilled spanish soup with lobster meat
(upon receiving this order .. I thought this was going to be a rich dense soup but it is really light and a nice chill taste. highly recommend this dish as an appetizer)

- stuffed piquillo peppers | goat cheese | mushrooms 
(one of my favorite tapas menu item to order. Nice spice and the goat cheese was cooked to perfection)


ENTRE 
- fish | fresh seasonal selection
(fish for the day was a salmon. I usually rarely order something I can make myself at home but the fish was cooked perfectly. nice slice and seasoned well. paired with baby carrots and seasonal vegetables. I would opt for the other items available if possible but still a nice entree)

- pork chop | sous vide pork chop | baby carrots | dry fruit | px demi
(entree is HUGE! might take 3 people to finish this course. the dates and prunes were a great addition to the dish. sauce was amazingly flavorful. a definite try)

DESSERT 
- molten chocolate cake | baked meringue | blood orange sorbet
(best dessert available. blood orange sorbet was beautifully crafted. chocolate cake was so gorgeous)

- santiago's cake | almond cake | turrn ice cream | caramelized nuts 
(server recommended this cake over the the other option. Can't get Turron ice cream like this anywhere.


OVERALL
Julian Serrano is known for his work over at Picasso at the Bellagio. His tapas inspired restaurant at the Aria is bit more casual than his offering at the other hotel. I definitely will be returning to try his popular tapas items. Highly recommend this restaurant to all of my peers visiting in Vegas.
Best tapas place on the Strip...the bathroom intercom also speaks to you in Spanish :) sounds cheesy but it's certainly a quirky add on to this hip spot. Loved every single item we ordered, but the dates are a must-try!
My experience here marks the official end of on-strip dining for me. People who enjoy being ripped off and know nothing of food quality will be pleased with Julian Serrano, but the rest us, who have standards and work hard for our money, will be incredibly disappointed. 

It's hard not be attracted to this restaurant, with it's dazzling modern decor, and long line of people of waiting, you'd think it's a sure thing ... only it's not. My epic fail of a meal started with a $16 lamb chop tapa, which came with 1 lamb chop, ONE, which translates to about 3 bites of food. I get that tapas are small, but for $16, that's roughly $5 a bite! In Spain tapas are either free or extremely cheap, so this is just ridiculous. I also saw a stuffed pepper appetizer come across my table that featured 2 teeny tiny red peppers (about the size of half a crayon each). The tapas I sampled were good, but for those prices, they should have had gold nuggets or loose diamonds in them. 

Next up was paella, at $22 per person, this was literally the most offensively bland dish I have ever had in my life. EVER. And we waited 40 minutes for it! The Chef might as well have come out and openly laughed in my face at that point, because that's how I felt, like a damned fool. Rice-a-roni from a box is exponentially better that this crap. 

Now I know why Julian Serrano is the executive chef at Picasso because no professional chef be would be caught dead at this establishment.
This place is way way too over priced for what it is! The food is not even that good, any novice could make the same dished at home for a 1/4 of the price. Also makes you feel like your dining in the casino lobby, definitely not going back.
With all the amazing places to eat in Vegas, Julian Serrano is not a shining star, but maybe a distant cousin you invite over once in a while.

The food portions are tapas, so smaller but the price of a main entree. If you're awaiting a table else where or just want some snack before the club, this is the perfect spot. 

Recs:
Sangria
Ceviche with taro chips
Bacon wrapped dates.
Great happy hour.
Get the croquetas!
Get the foie gras! Kinda pricey but so, so yummy.
Don't get the potato items! Unless you want filler food! They give so much! And they become filler food! 
Get the drinks during happy hour! They're regularly $14, but half off during happy hour!!!

The dessert menu was seriously the best I've ever seen (according to things I like: flan, almond stuff, ice cream stuff). I wish I had more room in my stomach to eat those desserts. Instead, I will have to try it another time. But seriously, can someone please try the desserts so I can read the wonderful yelp review of them?
I greatly enjoyed this place with my girlfriend. Our idea for coming to Julian Serrano was to eat a lot for a good price, be full, but not too full before our showing of LOVE at the Mirage. We love variety, and Spanish Tapas definitely fell into this category of food exploration.

The ambiance is very open and colorful matching Aria's theme. You aren't locked up in a restaurant, and you hear everything that is going on within Aria. While away from the casino floor itself, you feel like you are in a mild busy cityscape.

We had a early dinner reservation at 4:15PM on a Saturday and the place was not packed at all. We sat down, and pretty much knew what we wanted to order and how we wanted to order it since we did our research on Yelp before coming, so here's the breakdown of how everything was. The order going down is how we ordered with the category that it is in. We went in 3's as the tapas come out very quickly!

1. Tuna Raspberry Skewers - Unique twist on sushi. Square in shape, and eaten like a lollipop, I never thought tuna and raspberries would work, but they do! The tuna was soft, the raspberries sweet, but still tart. The crazy thing is that the raspberry is on the side, and they are filled with wasabi. So you eat the tuna skewer + the raspberry with wasibi, and wala ~ tasty tuna sushi. Rating: 4/5

2. Creamy Risotto - The risotto was cooked perfectly, and the wild mushrooms stood out. The manchego cheese was pungent, but tasty tasty because of it's different texture. Rating: 4/5

3. Stuffed Dates - So good! SOOOOO SOOOOO GOOD! This one stood out for us. The date covered in crispy pancetta with the tomato marmalade stuffed with goat cheese. Melt in your mouth FOODGASM. Rating: 5/5

4. White Ceviche - This was a really zesty and fresh ceviche. The white fish was soft, and the mixture of peppers, red onions, and cilantro gave a good bite. Served with crackers, I felt that there may have been too much lime juice. Rating: 3.5/5

5. Spanish Tortilla - This I felt was a take on breakfast & hashbrowns. While many will say it is nothing special, I am a hashbrown feen, so I found it delicious lol. Rating: 3.5/5

6. Octopus - I've NEVER -- EVER -- EVERRRRRRRRRRRRR had octopus this soft before. It was ridiculous how soft it was. I don't know how they got it like this, but some parts just tasted like bone marrow consistency. With potato & Spanish paprika, it was a simple delight. Rating: 4/5

7. Yellowtail with Yam - The crispy yam made this tapa stand out. For if there was none, it would of just been sashimi, and I wouldn't have paid for it. Fresh fish, crispy sweet yam. A sweet and savory combo that worked. Rating: 3.5/5

8. Lobster Saffron - Half lobster tail, saffron oil, iberian pork, creamy potatoes, asparagus. The lobster was wrapped with the iberian pork. The tail was juicy, the potatoes as well. This felt more like a little entree. While delicious, I'm not sure if it was worth getting. Rating: 3/5

9. Albondigas - Oh fluffy fluffy meatballs. So simple, yet so good. Great light sweet tomato sauce. Succulent juicy meatballs that just melt in your mouth. Potatoes in squares lightly crispy. Can I get a side order of rice to fill my Asian needs, and pasta to fill my love for Italian please? Rating: 4/5

So that was the meal, and as you can see, we ordered a good amount for two people. It filled us, but it didn't overfill us, and that's what we enjoyed. There was nothing bad about the meal, and everything was prepared well. For the price, some may question it, but it's Vegas. I would complain if the food was horrible, but it simply wasn't. You can go ahead and spend $60-80 on a piece of steak medium rare, or come here and experience more for your money! Julian Serrano gets 4.5/5 from me! I may get adventurous next time around and eat things that Yelp has yet to see from here.
On a Thursday night at 7:15 pm, this restaurant was packed, but without a reservation, we were able to get seated immediately.  Julian Serrano's Picasso is one of our favorite Las Vegas dining treats, and we expected his signature tapas restaurant to live up to his reputation.  Unfortunately, we didn't have that same experience. First off, let me say that in a way comparing Julian Serrano to Picasso is like comparing apples and oranges . . . two totally different types of food, different dining styles, etc., but one would expect that the quality and service for each respective restaurant would be of the same caliber. This was certainly not the case.

Fortunately, we had a lovely couple seated at the table next to us who were very familiar with the tapas style. The own a Mexican restaurant in Texas. They were almost finished with their meal when we were seated, so we were able to ask them about their choices. According to them, they ordered half the menu just to taste everything!  We started with the Yellowtail "Tiradito" (sliced yellowtail with sweet potato haystacks, horseradish cream and ponzu sauce. It was a hit . . . We followed that with the Black Pig Pintxo (Iberian pork shoulder meat with caramelized onion). It was divine! As our main course we ordered the Mixed Paella which serves at least two -- mistake!  Our waiter had emphasized to "order the paella with your appetizers because it takes 40 minutes to prepare".  Imagine our surprise wWhen he brought it to the table BEFORE our appetizers; his excuse was that they had a large party and had already prepared enough in advance. I asked them to take it back so that we could eat our food in the order in which it was intended. When the paella did arrive, it must have been the same one he brought out 30 minutes prior. The rice was dry, the lobster chewy, the mussels over cooked . . . the only tasty thing among the ingredients was the Spanish pork chorizo that brought a little flavor to the dish. Seriously a miss!

Hubby ordered the pistachio dessert and said it was heavenly . . . so maybe consider coming her for dessert and coffee instead.  One five star element was the Drunken Cherry cocktail I ordered. It was one of the best cocktails I have ever had -- Effen Cherry vodka, acai, pomegranite and lime with a garnish of Spanish cherries soaked in brandy. Our waiter redeemed himself when he asked if he could bring me dessert, and I said, I'd love a few more of those cherries . . . and he brought a plateful! 

I wouldn't say we had a bad experience here, just not as good as we expected.  Funny how the last two restaurants I've reviewed are sister restaurants of two of our Bellagio faves, and the Bellagio outlets are far superior!
I tend to think when I go to high end Las Vegas restaurants, you know what you're getting yourself into. High price, low quantity.  I guess it's just not my scene.  There are exceptions where I think the food is worth it, but this one is not it.

I came for lunch and that was that.  However, one thing I can say is service was very good.  Excellent wait staff and very friendly.
Had their prix fixe menu: stuffed peppers, pork chops, dessert. It was all very good and reasonably priced. Our server was very good and I liked the decor.
Having recently come back from Spain earlier this summer, I was anxious to try out Julian Serrano Tapas. I made reservations a day beforehand for an early dinner around 5pm since my group had to catch Mystere at T.I. for the 7pm showing. The reservation was not necessary. In general, whenever I walked by this restaurant throughout the day, it did not appear to be crowded, so I do not believe you really need a reservation. 

My group decided to order many items off of the Happy Hour menu. I believe Happy Hour goes from 4-5:30pm everyday. I ordered the sparkling sangria, which was very refreshing. Others in my group ordered the red wine and red sangria, and they seemed to enjoy it. For the food, we ordered the spanish tortilla (my favorite), brava potatoes, tuna-raspberry skewer, spanish iberico sliders, and bomba. I really liked the bravas and the spanish tortilla. Very reminiscent of the ones I had in Barcelona. The tuna-raspberry skewer was different. I didn't find it amazing, but it wasn't bad. The bomba was good. It's a fried meatball of veal & pork tenderloin. Very spicy indeed. I was not a fan of the spanish iberico sliders. It was tasty, but very very greasy and oily.

Service was good. The waiter was very friendly and helpful. He was aware that we had to catch a show, so he came back frequently to ask us if we wanted him to put in another order. 

I would love to try the paella sometime here when I have time to dine without any constraints. (The menu says to give 40 minutes for the paella)
My family and I dined here for tapas. At first we were worried that the kids might not have anything to eat here. But everybody loved what they ordered. Price is reasonable. We would come here again next time we're in Vegas. If you have to order Paella, order it ahead of time while waiting for your table since it takes about 30 min to prepare. It will cut down on your waiting time.. Paella is good for 2 people if that's the only thing you're ordering but if you have tapas on the side, 3-4 people can actually share it.. Great service too.
Delicious tapas, but the paella needed some work.

I came here last year with some girlfriends and we had a delicious dinner of a variety of tapas. Because of my past dining experience, I made another reservation for my birthday dinner this past weekend. 

As I remembered, the tapas were delicious. We had the albondigas, ahi tempura, and the yellowtail with jalapeno. All were super flavorful and tasty. We also ordered the seafood paella and added shrimp. For a $60 dish, I expect to be blown away. But, the paella was really al dente - almost crunchy. The seafood was good, but not great. About half the mussels didn't open up either, so I was sure to discard them. 

I would definitely go back again for tapas, but I'm steering clear of the paellas.
I really enjoyed my meal here!!  I'd say it's in my top 5 of Vegas restaurants. 


Stuffed Dates - 5/5 - must get these so delicious!!

Short ribs 5/5 - tender and flavorful!

White ceviche 4/5 - large pieces and is lightly seasoned wish it had more kick

Seared scallops  5/5 - I love scallops!! Too bad they weren't a little bigger, but was cooked perfectly 

Beef and cheese 3/5 - did not like the texture of the meat and did not like the combo with the cheese and walnuts and honey

Creamy risotto 4/5 - wish the rice was just a tad softer and less salty as it was verry salty

Churro 3/5 - I think I was hoping it would taste like the Disneyland churros but it's just lightly sugared fried dough you dip in chocolate sauce, much more authentic I'm sure

The sliders looked good but I didn't get to try it. The sangria was good.

Can't wait to go back!!
Swanky tapas, Vegas style!  Who doesn't like the sound of that?

I certainly don't, so that's why I made a beeline to Julian Serrano for my first night's dinner on the Strip.

First of all, Chef Julian Serrano's eponymous restaurant is absolutely beautiful.  It overflows with bold, colorful tile that's a feast for the eyes.  It's also *very* loud in there, since it's directly adjacent to the Aria resort lobby, a mere feet from hordes of tired hotel guests checking in and out.  And, no, there are no walls to keep out the hubbub.

After taking a seat at the long, comfortably, and classy bar, I was quickly helped by one of the friendly and efficiently bartenders.  After ordering a glass of Sauvignon blanc to whet the palate, I browsed the mouthwatering -- and **long** -- menu of tapas options.  The menu is nicely organized into fish/ceviche, veggie, and meat/poultry tapas, making it easy to navigate.  There's also a catch-all "new style" tapas category, as well as paellas and "platos grandes" for those of you with larger appetites.

Four items were just enough to fill the belly without making me uncomfortably full.  Here's the rundown of what I tried:

1.  White ceviche.  Everyone knows I love a good ceviche, and this one was a knockout.  The white fish was tender and flaky, with just the right amount of heat and tang from the lime and cilantro.

2.  Brava potatoes.  This dish was a little less exciting than I thought it would be -- it's essentially just fries with aioli.  That said, the flavors were excellent.  There's a *lot* of aioli provided, so I ended up taking the excess off to prevent the potatoes from getting soft.  I did enjoy eating the potatoes with the little skewers provided.

3.  Tuna cones.  This dish was the weirdest and also my least favorite.  It consisted of 3 wantons (rolled into ice cream cones), which were filled with avocado, and then ahi tartare and aioli on top.  Again, my issue was the overabundance of aioli, which overwhelmed everything else.  I couldn't taste the tuna at all.

4.  Santiago's cake.  This was an almond cake dusted with powdered sugar, with a side of almond ice cream.  Simple but very well done.  My only gripe was that the cake was a little dry, but this was remedied by letting the ice cream melt all over it.  

All in all, Julian Serrano was a great dinner, although the little hiccups along the way make me hesitant about rushing back.  After all, you're paying Vegas Strip prices here (most tapas are in the $10-15 range, but some are more), so you tend to expect perfection for your buck.

That said, with all the amazing options on Julian Serrano's menu, it'd be hard to resist the temptation to try them all.  =)
Awesome Tapas dinner last night!!  Here's the rundown of all the deliciousness my friend and I tried:

Goat cheese tomato marmalade cake, beef & cheese, calamari a la Plancha, tuna cones, creamy mushroom risotto, stuffed piquillo peppers, pan tomate and the chicken croquetas!!  

Order any and/or all of the above and you will be a happy camper!  There is nothing we were disappointed with nor would have ordered differently.  Our waiter was great too- we thank him very much for recommending the red sangria, however, the pitcher is huge and even though it is perhaps a Vegas "bargain" at $42, it is quite excessive for only two ladies.  Save it for a bigger group and order by the glass if there are less than 3 ppl, unless you are a lush.
Good food. Exceptional service!

I miss foie gras. Therefore, you can imagine how thrilled I was when I perused the menu at Julian Serrano and found that it was offered as a tapas dish for $20!

I received a generously thick slice, seared to perfection, and beautifully presented atop a toasted brioche. Delicious!

I was so delighted that I returned the next day with 4 of my girls who were also excited about the foie gras. When we received our plates, everyone was happy...except me. Where everyone else had gotten a repeat of the lovely foie gras dish I had received the day prior, mine looked like a burnt, shriveled up piece of unrecognizable offal placed on a piece of bread. I hemmed and hawed about whether or not I should suck it up and eat the damn thing, or speak to management about the difference between my dish and everyone else's. In the end, I opted to speak up because I was paying the same amount as everyone else and felt I deserved the same quality.

The staff was very sweet and the manager was quick to have my dish taken back and replaced with something that more closely resembled what I had in mind. I felt that they handled the situation very graciously and professionally which really enhanced our dining experience.

The foie gras was obviously the star of the show, but we also enjoyed the oxtail, salmon with truffle, garlic chicken, ahi tuna tartar cones, and poached lobster...among the many dishes we ordered. There were too many things to try, the tapas menu was vast to the point of being overwhelming! They also carry a nice selection of cocktails and wines.
*** REVIEW IS FOR LV RESTAURANT WEEK 2013 ***

I have been meaning to visit Julian Serrano for awhile. After all, for all food connoisseurs in Las Vegas, surely Julian Serrano must be somewhere on their list. Tucked away inside the alluring Aria by the front desk, yet ever so far away from parking garage is this spot of expensive tapas paradise. To be of note - it IS a tapas place, hence why I haven't been on pins and needles trying to come here. Always in the back of my mind was the voice saying, "So expensive for just tapas! Just go to Firefly instead!"

Luckily LVRW2013 has rolled around and I enjoyed a meal here with friends on a Tuesday night at 6:30 PM. Before being seated my friend and I ordered cocktails at the bar (all $14). I tried a fruity type drink that provided a nice start to my meal. Not too sweet, not too alcoholy, but still pretty steep in price. After drinks we were seated in the dining area further back, which is nice since it is over carpet, which brings the sound of the clacking of feet down to a minimum and it also hides your table from the casino. Chairs are plush and comfortable, lighting is perfect, and the ambiance is classy. 

Service was excellent. Our server was prompt, kept our drinks filled, and in general was a very courteous gentleman. I ordered a chardonnay from the Bordeaux region of France ($16). A lovely wine indeed and of the two options (another which was from California) I am glad I splurged. Worth every drop.  

On to the food...

Chicken Croquetas - Simple yet tasty is the best way to describe these. The dish is not the most pleasant to look at, but the taste was deliciously fried on the outside and creamy on the inside.

Salmon (with mashed potatoes and baby carrots) - The main dish is what let me down and which brought down my rating. The salmon was cooked well enough, but the portion size was disappointing. My friend got the chicken and after seeing her dish I was wishing for chicken. Also, the horseradish cream served on the side of the salmon just did not go well with the fish, to me personally. I am wishing now someone else in my party had wanted to do the paella, but in order to have that option you must have more than one person ordering the dish. *womp womp*

Molten Chocolate Cake and Blood Orange Ice Cream - I do love blood orange ice cream and sorbet and this one was refreshing to have with the very decadent and very good chocolate cake. If anything, this may have been my favorite part of the dining experience, coming in second to the glass of chardonnay.

Overall - I realize I am reviewing the LVRW2013 menu, but even so, this food reflects the establishment. I think the big thing was how flat the salmon fell for me. After all, it was my main dish. While the other items were good I believe they should have been better considering the establishment. 

Would I be back? I would try happy hour. I would even go back for a birthday party I was invited to here... or some other special event. BUT, I do not believe I would come back for a full-out full-priced meal.
Had dinner here a few nights ago. Everything was outstanding! The stuffed dates and iberico sliders were awesome. Also the sommelier was very helpful.
I'm coming off of a yelp hiatus to write this review! We went here last Friday for my friend's bachelorette dinner and it was absolutely amazing to say the least. Everything we had was amazing. We had the ceviche and it was hands down the best I've ever had. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The service was exceptional as well, the manager even came by and gave our party some desserts. Loved the ambiance and everything about this place. Will definitely be back when in Vegas!
While visiting Las Vegas and staying at nearby Vdara, we decided to have dinner here as it was listed as $$ which was important as we had already spent a lot of money.  The food was fantastic and in spite of the location being right near the casino, it was lively and had great dcor.  As the food is "small plates", we had Kale Salad, Bravas Potatoes, Asparagus, Chicken Croquettes and Beef/Pork Sliders.  They asked if we wanted them spread out or all at once and we chose to have one at a time.  Each dish was perfectly sized for two people to share and we were stuffed by the time we were done, unfortunately leaving no room for dessert.
I am a big fan of Julian Serrano's food!  So many wonderfully authentic dishes, and several amazing options.

My only qualm is that It is on the Strip and you are paying for that fact with your wallet whenever you come here...still if not for the Strip we would not have the vast culinary options that we do in Vegas, so I can't really hate on that.

The ambiance is on par with other eateries in the Aria, and what you would expect from that type of property.

As tapas go, there is nowhere else in Vegas I would rather go.  It is hard to go wrong with options here.  The one thing to keep in mind is that lots of the items are made in a traditional Spanish style...dome may throw the casual diner for a loop (ie chilled Lobster Gazpacho.)

I also love their selection of Sherry.  Not much more traditional to drink with Spanish food that a Spanish Sherry.  ...and so many options are affordable and are incredibly food friendly!  I'm not recommending that you experiment here, but if you want a nice selection of Sherry, Julian's is your place.
Julian Serrano Tapas is conveniently located at Aria by The Crystals. It is a beautiful restaurant; my parents and I love the atmosphere and decor. The place is so huge that I don't think it is necessary to make a reservation but don't take my word for it. I like tapas because they are small and tasty. Tapas at JS were exactly that. They are fairly expensive though. So if you are really hungry I suggest you go somewhere else or be okay to spend a lot of money at this place. Desserts were amazing. Our waiter recommended 'Bunuelos'; 5 stars! We also treated ourselves to 'Santiago's cake'; divine! All in all great restaurant, great food, awesome service, yet think twice if you're on a budget.
I was in Las Vegas for work and looking for places to eat that were good but not too expensive and I came across Julian Serrano in the Aria Hotel.  I took a seat at the bar and had a wonderful meal.  I started off with a Spanish beer which they had to make sure they had and luckily they did as it was great.

For my meal, I got the white ceviche which was so good and really had a kick.  So stay away if you're afraid of that but otherwise embrace it because it's amazing.  I also had the sliders.  It came with two of them and I wanted three because they were so good.

Highly recommended spot in Vegas.
Good food - slightly excessive pricing, but it's what you'd expect for tapas on the strip.  I liked the Sangria and was impressed that they had a gluten free menu.  Tapas are, however, meant for sharing...so when you go with a group of 6, just know that you need to order 2 of each item, so each of you can try a bite.

I'd go back if someone was buying me dinner or I could comp the meal.  Otherwise, I'd go to Firefly.
My friend and I shared potatoes bravas, chicken croquetas, and creamy risotto.  The food was  delicious, but on the expensive side for tapas.  I know it's Vegas and that's expected.  We also shared the red sangria pitcher which was pretty big for the value.  Would definitely come back.
This is a wonderful and a competent restaurant with great food and a very competent staff. The best part is that one does not get "sticker shock" when handed the bill. We had a wonderful meal at a very reasonable price.
Went here with another couple during our recent trip to Las Vegas. I have always enjoys Spanish tapas and was lured by the extensive menu at Julian Serrano. We had been spending some time walking along the strip and went to the restaurant around 8 PM on a Friday night without a reservation. Luckily they were able to seat us right away at a "high-top" bar table, which was in a cool spot near the kitchen so we could see all the plates coming out. Our server was prompt and polite, and the wine and drink list is nicely organized on an i-pad for easy browsing.

We shared a bunch of small plates for the table, all of which were nicely presented and very tasty:

mixed seafood ceviche
| shrimp | white fish | octopus | cilantro | lime juice: 4.5/5 - very bright flavors with nice acidity and a bit of heat. Seafood was perfectly tender

gambas
| sauted shrimp | garlic | arbol chilis - 5/5 - amazingly succulent, tomato-garlic broth was addictive

fresh calamari a la plancha
| lemon parsley e.v.o.o. | caramelized onions - 5/5 - star of the night - grilled calamari was so tender and flavorful - we ordered a second plate!

monkfish and pisto
| seared monkfish | eggplant | zucchini | tomato - 4/5 - very moist with a good crsip sear - lots of fresh paprika flavor - wish it were bigger

sauted baby spinach
| pine nuts | raisins | apple | shallots - 3/5 - well prepared but not overly interesting - though we ordered it without the nuts and raisins because of allergy. the crunch of pine nuts would likely have made it more well rounded.

cheese lollipop
| herb bread crumb | manchego cheese | red wine poached pear - 4.5/5 - little bite of crispy cheesy goodness - crunch on outside and fluffy creaminess inside. A touch of mint leaf added a nice pop.

spanish iberico sliders
| prime beef | iberian pork | caramelized onions - 5/5 - super moist, salty goodness. One of the best burger bites I have ever had

creamy risotto
| wild mushroom | aged manchego cheese - 4/5 - very good mushroom risotto


Everything was really good. Would not get the spinach again. There are a ton of other veggie options that looked good though, so there is plenty for non-meat eaters.

Would love to go again and try more tapas!
Came here on a recommendation of a client of mine who tends to be fairly particular (in a good way) about what she likes. So I thought it has to at least be decent! Right? Well let me tell you I am Spanish... I have lived in San Diego California since I was 9 and have NEVER found a tapas restaurant I cared for. Eating the food at Julian Serrano took me back to my child hood. The food was authentic with a modern twist! So creative.. GREAT SERVICE!! Will make this place a must go to for every Vegas visit!! Would highly recommend trying a little bit of everything
I hate to be the kill joy of all those beautiful review writers but .. I am not a tourist. I live here. I go to those places several times in a year. What I noticed is that they all start beautifully and slowly go down to become a so-so or ok restaurant. I am so sick and tired of those wannabe so called "high class" restaurants with excellent food that whip you with high prices and have mediocre waiters. Went last night, had a bottle of champagne. Started well. Wine guy served it well... then came that girl... and as always, attitude. Called her attention once (thought she was free but, she was actually still in the process to pour water to a table nearby), "Miss please', and she gave me the "how do you dare call me why I am in the middle of something" look, showing the palm of her hand as a "wait" , "hitlerian" style.. how about "just a minute" with a smile and just her index up? Ordered Serrano ham, then came lobster saffron.. She didn't change plates. ate my lobster in my ham plate. I would expect a little more attention to details when paying 19 bucks for 3 slices of ham... now serving champagne wasn't an issue. I had to stop her once since we hadn't touched yet the previous pouring.. then had 2 more tapas.. plates was changed this time.. then she came and asked me if I wanted a "fresh" plate.. good... except that I had nothing else coming. Then came the bill, I paid, gave her an undeserved 20 bucks and we left. She was right there, passed by her, she looked up at me , not a smile or  "thank you for coming" or "have a good evening", you know, the kind of things humans say to customers... I made sure to let the hostess know since there were no "obvious" manager minding the business... result: NO MAS. AMERICAN FISH was my first choice... I should have stuck to it because their service or their food is way superior.... The End.
It was okay. Not the best, not the worst.  I was expecting something nicer.  I found that most of the tapas were too salty.
Question:  Is tapas Spanish for diarrhea?  Terrible experience.  Charged for bar nuts and seeded olives.  Awful servicer, recommended shittiest items (assuming) on the menu.  Chef ran out of all seasoning and herbs other than salt.  Charged for extra order of bone-in ceviche which was not requested.  Misery of experience long lasting.  Save yourself discomfort and dine at Sage, directly across the hall.
Ate here as a solo diner at the bar. Premo the bartender was phenomenal, although he made me a drink he assured me I'd "love" but I wasn't overly enamored with. 

The food came out freakishly fast. I guess that's good if you're not trying to make a night of it but I can see that being a little irritating if you are with friends. 

I ordered the lobster gazpacho. I love gazpacho and this is really one of the best I've had. The lobster really works and isn't overpowering. 

Next I had tuna rice and raspberry concoction. I was pretty skeptical that I'd enjoy this but I was just floored. Probably one of the most memorable things I've eaten in a long while, highly recommend this. The raspberry worked PERFECTLY with the tuna and rice, it was like they were always meant to be together. 

Next I had the white fish ceviche. I was really looking forward to this but I found it a little too salty.  Definitely edible, but not the best ceviche I've had. 

Next had the anchovy on some toasted bread. Very delish. Wolfed it down so fast I can't really remember the details!

Also ordered some olives at this point which were ok if you are into that sort of thing. Nothing new here. 

Finally I had the oxtail and pork with mashed potatoes. Wow!!!  Talk about flavor.  This was just phenomenal in terms of texture and sheer deliciousness. 

Overall the food makes this an easy 5/5 experience. The price is a little higher than your typical tapas/small plate restaurant but I didn't think it was a ripoff by any means.
There isn't much to say for this, other than you will find all your typical tapas menu items and they're all really good.  It comes out quickly and it tastes good.  Two things I will point out though.

One is that the chicken croquettes are excellent, and not at all what I was expecting.  It's crispy and firm, but when you bite into it's like you just had a spoonful of soup.  It's was surprising for the first bite, as it is creamy and does not have the solid consistency you expect when you bit into it, but once you accept the oddity of it, it's really good.  

Two is that the sangria is really, really good.  Get the one with champagne in it.
We had a very good meal. Everything was at least "good" if not "very good". Service was excellent. Menu is varied. The price was reasonable. I think we shared 12 plates, 2 drinks, and 3 desserts for $230. We were stuffed by the end.
Came here Saturday night for my sisters bachelorette party. The service was excellent, food was yummy and the whole experience was top notch. We sampled all sorts of yummy stuff - my favorite was the mixed seafood ceviche and the lamb special. The prices were not too outrageous considering the location and when a dish we ordered arrived super late after we had already finished eating the server graciously took it off our bill. I would highly recommend this place, you can't go wrong, it was delicious and super fun inside.
This place, with the food and service, deserves 5 stars!
Julian Serrano Tapas is an excellent restaurant inside Aria. The staff is extremely friendly and the food is delicious. The menu is filled with classic Spanish fare. Our party truly enjoyed the Valenciana tapas as well as the ahi tuna tempura.
Loved this place. Fun, inventive tapas, great drinks and our server, Chelsea was really helpful. A must if I go back to Vegas any time soon! We tried about 8 different tapas...way more than we should have, but they were so good we wanted them to just keep coming! The raspberry tuna one was amazing. Other standouts were the mixed seafood ceviche, black rice and stuffed piquillo peppers. I can't say enough good things!
This was my second tapas place to visit in Las Vegas. 

The food was ok, nothing really stood out other than the paella. It was a 40 minute wait, but worth it to try at least once!

The service was top notch, from the moment you walk thru the entrance to the wait staff, manager, everyone made you feel welcome. 

The price, OH THE PRICE!   Only complaint I would say.  The entire menu is seriously over priced, even by Las Vegas Strip standards. It's the reason it will not be coming back. There are far better places to go for tapas on the Vegas strip for a better price & value. And important a better selection.

The atmosphere is great!  Plenty of light, open, not stuff. It has a bar area as well. The noise level is on the average. And the place is clean, they did a pretty good job clearing the table as you was done.  

All in all, I thought this place was OK at best.  But there are much much better places to visit.
Good sangria, great selection of tapas, fun ambiance & great service.
 Highlights: mixed cerviche, pata negra ham, heirloom tomato w/ mozz ice cream,  gambas (best i've had!)
 *allergen menu available 
 *open for lunch
Hmmm maybe coming back from Spain I have a higher bar for Spanish tapas, but to be honest I feel Alta in New York has better tapas than this place! With so many other choices for food in Vegas, I don't think I'll be coming back here any time soon. 

I have no complaints with the service which was impeccable! The moment you walk into the restaurant they make sure that your every need is attended to. My mom is allergic to eggs and I appreciated the fact that they made sure that none of the dishes we ordered had any egg in them. Service is 5 stars!

Ambiance is also wonderful! It's cozy yet classy. Price on the other hand not so wonderful, beware it is super duper expensive! It is overpriced by Vegas or NYC standards so, if you're on a budget, this is not the place to be. 

Now on to the food....I found the food to be uninspiring. The brava potatoes which are hard to mess up....were bland and had way too much sauce on them...so disappointing. Stuffed piquillo peppers...full of oil! Arroz vegetariano....alright, but nothing special. The chicken sandwich.....again nothing to write home about. Overall the food was just eh...

If in Vegas...skip this restaurant and save yourself some money and instead go down to the Wynn where the restaurants are much better!
On my recent trip to Vegas, I brought my husband to Julian Serrano for their happy hour. The happy hour runs Sunday - Thursday from 4-5:30 pm. Yes it's a bit early, but completely worth it. We went on Sunday and got there slightly after 4 pm. The restaurant was pretty empty, so it was no problem getting two seats at the bar.

We enjoyed the white sangria for $4.50 per glass (red and sparkling sangria will run you $5) as well as a ton of food that cost between $3.50 - $7.00. We enjoyed the spanish tortilla, brava potatoes, pan tomate, fried calamari, and the stuffed dates from the happy hour menu. We also ordered the scallops from the regular menu. Just like my last visit to Julian Serrano, our scallops were cooked to absolute perfection and melted in my mouth. It was truly the highlight of our meal. Everything else was good, although none of it was better than what I have had at other tapas restaurants.

If you don't want to blow your wallet on eating and drinking, I highly recommend checking out this happy hour!
I went here last weekend for my cousin's bachelorette dinner.  It's a tapas place situated within the Aria hotel.  The restaurant's interior design is modern and chic revolving the theme colors black and red.  Our servers were attentive and friendly.  As for their food, I thought it was amazing, but the portion (given that it's a tapas place) wasn't all the fulfilling to satisfy seven girls.  On the bright side, we got to try different dishes.  Among those dishes that we ordered, my favorite ones have to be the braised oxtails, mushroom risotto, and fries topped with a fried egg and sausages.  We also got a pitcher of sangria.  My cousin got buzzing a little from eating the pieces of fruits that were heavily saturated with alcohol.  Overall, it was a nice experience at this place but pricey considering the small portions they served.  Each dish is roughly $13-19 on average I think, but then again it's Vegas so I guess that is normal.  Would I come back here again? Hmm...Yes but only  if I win lots of $ at the craps table.
After doing some research, my husband and I picked this restaurant for dinner. We enjoyed our meal. Everything was delicious! 

Since it is tapas, there are tons of things on the menu. We were a bit overwhelmed and didn't know what to pick. Thanks to our waiter. He gave us some really good suggestion. 

Here are the things that we ordered: 
1. TUNA-RASPBERRY SKEWER - beautiful presentation, refreshing. The sesame crust gave the tuna some really good texture. Unique dish. 

2. AVOCADO CANNELLONI - OH MY!!!! This was our favorite dish! When you look at it, it doesn't have the "wow" effect. But wait until you taste it! It is amazing! Who knew seaweed would have that much flavors! I wish I can eat this all day. 

3. White ceviche - Good, but not mind-blowing. It is a ceviche after all. Like the taro chips though.

4. FRESH CALAMARI A LA PLANCHA - 2nd favorite of the night! Tender calamari with tons of flavors. Great pair with the sweet caramelized onions. Very satisfying! Almost need a 2nd order!

5. Monkfish and pisto - Fish was seared crispy on the outside and cooked perfect. Really like the eggplant, zucchini and tomatoes. Good dish. 

6. Traditional spanish chicken croquetas - Crispy crust with creamy chicken bechamel filling. Pretty good, but not incredible. 

7. BEEF AND CHEESE - Interesting flavors. Beef was juicy and tender. Went so well with the sweet honey, creamy cheese and crunchy walnuts. 

8. Iberico black pig ribs - Thought we would love it. Flavors were good. But we ended up thinking the dish was on the heavy side. 

9. Churros - Not impressed. They ran out buuelos, so we got churros. We have no idea what real churros taste like. Maybe Disney's churros have turned into the standard of churros. Anyhow, we didn't like it. I felt that the churros were too thin and over-fried. The chocolate dipping was nice. 

We were hungry, so we ordered that many things. Our bill was about $140 without taxes and tips. But I think 7 - 8 dishes would be fine for 2. Overall, service was great and fast. Food was tasty. We look forward to come back one day when we are in town.
First time a tapas restaurant and loved it. The food came out at a steady pace never leaving the table empty. The combination of flavors were amazing and the portions were perfect for sharing with my husband. The only thing I could possibly complain about is the drink menu is not with the regular menu when you sit down. You have to wait for the server to bring it.
Extraordinarily good. Make no mistake. These are smaller tapas and pricey. But quality of ingredients is first rate. High end presentation and plating. Lively and hip atmosphere. Highlight were the avocado n salmon n seaweed canneloni, the filet on crostini with walnuts, honey n goat cheese, the kale n mixed green salads and the arroz con leche. Friendly and warm service at the bar by David. Return Ratio= 100pct
My favorite part of the meal was the Agua de Serrano, an awesome alcoholic drink that I am still craving. The ambience was alright for a big restaurant on the strip; it's not billing itself as fine dining, and the restaurant reflects exactly what it is--a place to get a quick bite before you head off and do other things.

The portions were HUGE for tapas. I guess that they've had too many tourists who don't know that tapas are meant to be small plates. I am not complaining, but I have just never seen such large portions at a tapas place. The patatas bravas were good, though I again found that they must have been bowing to an uneducated public by calling them by the Americanized "brava potatoes." I liked the pan tomate well enough. The dish that was a huge miss for me, however, was the vegetable paella. Not only was it just not good, but it actually tasted kind of meaty. When I asked the manager, he said that that was the saffron and that saffron just tastes meaty. I cook with saffron a lot, and that's just not true. Besides which, vegetarians don't like the taste of meat, so they really should have gone with a better flavor profile. Apart from the bites of the dish that tasted meaty, however, it was flavorless. Just not a good dish.

Still, I thought that the manager was respectful of my comments and listened to my concerns. I also saw him be particularly gracious with a crazy woman who seemed like she was just out for a free meal, so props to him on remaining courteous in a difficult situation. 

So all in all, I give the drinks and service 5 stars but the ambience and the food get 3 stars.
Everything we had was incredible; very conveniently located in the entrance of Aria
Recently patronized this establishment. Was. Nice place, the sangria was good as was the stuffed dates. Actually the stuffed dates were so amazing we had to do 2 orders. That's really about the only 2 things that really stood out, the portions were very small an while the Waite staff was good they took a half full glass of sangria from me. That is nearly an unforgivable sin. All in all still worth going and would recommend but probably won't go back even for the dates or sangria.
I joined Yelp specifically to review this place. Yelpers have helped me out quite a few times, so I found it necessary to write this review because I chose to go there specifically on the recommendation of the yelpers. I was there last Saturday for dinner with my Gma. We only did small plates, having six different selections.

5 star food
-Mushroom risotto- I could've eaten a giant bowl of this. Absolutely PHENOMENAL!
-Garlic chicken thighs-crispy skin on the outside, nice and moist chicken on the inside.

4.5 star food
-Stuffed dates- great play on sweet and salty, just wished there were more than. 3 on the plate. I get the small plates concept, but compared to the huevos, three small dates seems skimpy.

4 star food
-Huevos estrellados- really great flavor, just a little too greasy.
-Iberico sliders- nice sliders, but for the best ham and beef on the market, I wasn't blown away.

3.5 star food
-Lobster salad- GORGEOUS presentation, nice vinaigrette, lobster was slightly overcooked. 

Honestly, I'd give it a 4.5 overall but since half stars aren't possible, I'm rounding up :) Definitely will head back here next time I'm in Vegas!
Delicious flavors but these tapas can definitely add up so choose items that will fill you up! Definitely a tapas place, not really made to eat for a full lunch. 

Octopus: worth a try if you are looking to try something different, great texture and mix of spices to go with
Ahi Tuna Tempura: just OK, ahi tuna is a staple at other fancy restaurants and this just wasn't as good, probably a pass if you go here
Grilled Lamb Chop: so delicious you will be licking the bone for sure! be aware that yes, it is only one chop :(
Creamy Risotto: definitely filling and delicious, for the cheese lover in you :) 

Our service could have been a little better, however we did meet a friendly bartender that changed our minds a bit. It has a really ideal location as you are entering ARIA, I'd recommend this place as a fancy snack if you are looking to spend some of your extra winnings from the slots :)
I highly recommend this to place to other tapas lovers. We had a 50 dollar dinning credit for Aria and picked the best reviewed restaurant here. We spent well over that and it was worth it! 

We began our meal with a their version of sangria made with Spumante, (usually red or white wine is used) but it I was excited as it had my favorite kind of champagne. Sweet, fruity and not overly dry. It was light and refreshing but contained very little fruit perhaps due to being served in a small champagne flutes. The tuna tar tare cones were amazing! The light and airy crunchy cones they came in provided for a wonder contrast with the tuna which melted in our mouths. The dates wrapped in bacon and stuffed with goat cheese, were phenomenal as were and the breaded manchego cheese pops. Whitefish ceviche was yum but we wished there were more taro chips to go with it. Yellowtail was just eh. 

We finished up the meal with simple but delicious donut holes with butterscotch sauce and a very nice port wine. It was a perfect combination and end to a superb meal. Our server Donovan provided excellent service and was very attentive yet unobtrusive. He provided wonderful descriptions of items offered and he was very helpful with recommendations when we had questions on what was best to order.
I don't know about everyone else, but I don't tend to lean towards latin flavors when I come to Vegas. Straying away from burgers and buffets, I decided to try out Julian Serrano and if you're looking for some latin spice, this is definitely a place to check out.

The Place -
Julian Serrano is located inside the Aria and very easy to find. Located on the first floor next to the check-in area of the Aria, Julian Serrano is known for it's latin inspired menu with an upscale twist. The place itself is very open and by, no means, in a separate building or room. The restaurant blends very seamlessly with the main lobby of the hotel and can attract many guests as this is something they see first upon entering the Aria. The place is bright and, obviously, has a lot of latin-inspired decor. The bar is a VERY good size as it seems to wrap around the entire entry way. In addition to that, the restaurant itself has a very decent sized real estate being able to accommodate parties of any sizes. As with a lot of restaurants in Vegas, depending on where you are seated, people have a good few of the back of the house as well, which is always comforting knowing you can see the people handling and cooking the food. Not to mention, it's just always bad a$$ to see the chefs conjuring up everyone's dishes. Very nice place to come and relax for a few drinks or casually dine before hitting up all the various night clubs Vegas has to offer.
**** 4/5 Stars ****

The Service -
It was a Friday night and I was struggling to find a place to go eat at. I was in town for a conference and it was the night before I was scheduled to fly back so I knew I didn't wanna stay out late or walk any place farther than I needed to. After perusing through the many options on Yelp and the dining guide, I settled on Julian Serrano. It was fairly early in the evening, around 5:30pm-6:00pm, so I managed to beat the dinner crowd. They had also just opened for dinner service so I lucked out and was able to walk right on in and pick my place at the bar. I was greeted by multiple friendly faces at the hostess stand one of which was the hostess herself as well as, what seemed to be, upper management preparing for the evening. The hostess smiled and politely let me know that the bar was available for open seating. I gladly obliged, took my seat, and was promptly greeted by the bartenders tending bar that evening. They took my drink order, handed me a menu, and gave me a few minutes to browse. The bartenders were very friendly and made themselves available to answer any and all questions I may have had about the place and/or the menu. The great service continued throughout the evening making sure that I was well taken care of and I always had a full glass in front of me. Great job, guys and thanks!
***** 5/5 Stars *****

The Food -
Prior to arriving at Julian Serrano, I glanced at the menu, as I always do, trying to figure out what would be appetizing for me to order. I decided on the short ribs dish; however, when I got there and looked at the menu more, I switched my choice and, instead, got the Crispy Baked Chicken (See Picture) and I'm glad I did. First, the accoutrements...the chicken was served with sauteed potatoes, Spanish pork chorizo, red bell peppers, and onions. The chorizo gave an excellent salty contrast to the chicken and I couldn't get enough of it. I wish they would've put more of it on there cause it was just that good. The bell peppers and onions were cooked throughout and gave the dish the bitterness and spice that it needed to balance everything out. The potatoes, unfortunately, left something to be desired. I'm not sure if it just happened to be the potatoes I was served, but they tasted really bland and stale to me and got to the point where I just ended up pushing a majority of them to the side. If it weren't for the deliciousness of everything else and combining the flavors, more of those potatoes would not have been eaten. Now, on to the main star of the dish...the crispy baked chicken. This has got to be, by far, one of the best baked chicken dishes I've had ever! The chicken, which are two boneless breasts, was cooked perfectly and very moist. The crispy breading that they coat it in, didn't just have a crunch to it, but also had a caramelized effect to it, which made it REALLY good. I'm glad I switched my choice from the short ribs to the chicken and I only want to come back for more and to try out the other dishes that Julian Serrano has to offer. Delicious!
**** 4/5 Stars ****

Overall -
If you're looking for a change of pace and need some latin flavors while you're in Vegas, I recommend giving Julian Serrano a shot. A nice, relaxing place with great service, great food, and a great atmosphere...you can't really ask for more. Thanks, guys!
Great tapas!!! A 5 on tapas.  Paella a 1. The rice was undercooked or something.  Been. Struggling for 24 hours since I ate the paella.  Service was a 5
To say our experience and the related food here was sub par would be a vast understatement. The great reviews on Yelp along with recommendations from friends made us very excited to come here and boy were we shocked. Every item we ordered off the menu was poorly executed (read over/undercooked and a total lack of seasoning). This was only further exacerbated when I asked our server how an item on the menu was prepared to which he stated he wasn't sure but he would go ask the chef. We didn't hear anything from him for about 15 minutes so I finally flagged him down to follow up, only to have him state with a dumbfounded look that he did not have an answer because he "could not find the chef." We ordered two more entrees after this, 1 fish (the one which I had the unanswered question about) and 1 chicken. Suffice it to say, the fish came out horribly overlooked and chicken undercooked (YIKES I KNOW), and again both were completely under seasoned.  To top it all off, for a $300 meal the service was completely piss poor, the waiter never came by to ask how things were nor did anyone ever follow up.

So in summary, considering the server could not find a chef in the entire restaurant, our experience is far from surprising albeit inexcusable. That being said I can't help but feel robbed in 2 ways, one of the over $300 we spent on this terrible meal, and two of the amazing culinary experience we were promised and went to enjoy on a very special occasion.
This place got me to eat meat  (first time in 20 years) and then ask for seconds!! Don't worry, I'm still a pescatarian but damn that oxtail dish was good! 
I also usually don't eat tomatoes but the tomatoes were so flavorful topped with mozzarella and balsamic that I ate them up.  The other 7 or so dishes were great too. Big shrimp, octopus  .. Yum!
We sat at the bar and really enjoyed watching the food preparation and the banter with the bar tender.

All of the food was impeccably executed and delicious.  We had been at Jaleo two nights before and while Jaleo is in a flashier / club-goers setting, Julian Serrano beat the pants off Jaleo where food was concerned!
I made reservations here on Thursday 7pm but decided to cancel for the happy hour instead from 4-5:30. I'm so glad we did because many of the dishes I wanted to try were half price.

Ranked most favorite to least:
1. Iberico Sliders- one of the best sliders I've ever had. Caramelized onions were a nice addition.
2. Seared scallop- perfectly seared, but you only get 1.5 scallop for the price and it's not on the happy hour menu.
3. Black rice-Very rich squid ink garlicky flavor. This is a good small option if you don't want to order the paella.
4. Albondigas- really nice flavors. One if my favorites.
5. Mixed Ceviche- this was good, but nothing special. It is a great balance for the richer plates.
6. Tuna-rasberry Skewer- nice presentation, but the tuna lacked flavor. They also hide wasabi inside the raspberry which gave an unexpected kick. Sorry to ruin the surprise, but my boyfriend choked on it. I'm glad I paid the happy hour price on this one.
.
Overall, they had great flavors. I prefer this over buffets and fried food. I was still stuffed after the experience. Service was impeccable. There are so many options at Aria as well as other hotels, but I would eat here again when I'm in the area.
Ugh this place is so overrated. It was crowded when we went and very loud as well with drunk people. The person behind me kept bumping into me, since the tables are pretty close together, and at one point dropped his glass which shattered next to my leg. Yay. The restaurant isn't even enclosed within walls, which made it seem less like a high end restaurant. Our waiter was extremely rude to us as well, and stood on the far end of our long table (we had a big party) to take our orders. When he couldn't hear what we said, instead of coming closer, he made us shout across the table as he impatiently made us repeat ourselves. He had this look on his face that screamed "I hate my job".

We ordered something that was supposed to be like fancy fried rice, but I've had better fried rice at a takeout place. The tapas are nearly impossible to share with a big party, unless you plan on splitting that asparagus into 6 pieces, forget it. Food was definitely not what I expected from a high end Vegas casino restaurant. I left still hungry, and wanted to go get some In-n-out afterwards.
Rolled up to Julian Serrano for a bachelorette party here with 13 other girls and it was the CRAZIEST dining experience I have ever participated in!

The reviews on Yelp raved about the paella, but we were short on time and couldn't afford the extra 30 minutes...so we were trying to figure out the best selections for a group our size especially given our time crunch.

We finally decided on the pre-fixe menu and the GM came over with his own recommendation. He said he'd do something special for us similar to the pre-fixe menu...he just said "Trust me".

Holy eff.

We gave the go ahead and it wasn't long before our heads were whirling with a flurry of arms and dishes swarming around the table. He literally had us try everything on the menu and plates and plates were whizzing by. I looked around the table and all the girls were eyes-forward, head-down just eating as quickly as humanly possible. We had sliders, kabobs, skewers, ahi, meatballs, etc etc and it was incredible.

The entire waitstaff was incredibly nice (most were incredibly good looking too), and the food kept coming at a comfortable level, where it was fast, efficient.. but not stressful! lol..

They also hooked it up with a sampling of all their desserts...and oh snaps, we were so SOO happy with the line-up. mmMmMmmm..

everything together cost a bit more than the pre-fixe especially cuz we had drinks (Sangria!!) and cocktails...totally about $80-85 per person. SO. Worth. it!
I absolutely love the happy hour here.  They have a very nice selection of half price tapas and sangrias which makes it easy to try a number of different things without spending too much.  Love the chicken croquettes and the stuffed piquillo peppers but especially the bacon wrapped figs.  The convenient location right off the casino floor makes it a must do for us every time we visit the Aria.
Great flavor. Nice decor, good variety of cuisine. Expectational gourmet selection.  Very good service, great spot in the hotel.  I would recommend this place on a Friday night before a show or before hitting one of the clubs.  Come see the manager johnny V.  Hospitality pro.
Very good food! Service was awesome. It is a bit loud though since you're right by the lobby.
I really wish I could give this place a few more stars considering how much money we spent there.  We came here for the foie gras but were told that it's no longer on the menu.  Given that we were all starving we decided to start with a bunch of appetizers.   Besides the stuffed dates, the appetizers warn't very good.  We kept ordering more and more tapas hoping to get wowed, but everything  that came out was mediocre.  Our final dish was the paella, and we hardly touched it, it was more like a jambalaya than anything else.  Finally it came time for dessert and we ordered the chocolate lava cake and the fruits.  The chocolate lava cake was amazing but the fruits made us all giggle.  It was a bowl of pretty much all apples with some whip cream on top.  I don't know, I guess we all expected a little bit more considering it was in Aria and it was highly rated on Yelp
The worst paella I ever had in my life. If you're looking for real or at least good paella this is not the place. Very good sangria.
I had the stuffed dates, they are chewy.  Firefly has better tasting stuffed dates, they are crisp and have a nice sauce with it in a pan you can keep dipping in.  Plus the portions here are smaller.  

The Sparkling Sangra is one of the best out of the 3 for me.  The red feels like I might get an instant headache it I finish it, The white is a little better but doesn't measure up.
Whimsical, beautiful plating. Interesting flavor combinations. STRONG sangria. 

I loved Julian Serrano at Aria, and I would absolutely come back.
We chose this place as I couldn't go to Picasso during this Vegas trip due to my thin wallet :(
(don't ask me what happened at Casino lol)

Yeah, Julian Serrano, I Luv ya for having this wonderful tapas place for budget food hopper like me

Well... this hidden gem turns out to be GOOD choice, especially for its $19 lunch (even though this special menu only came after I asked)

I will visit here for its weekday magic hour selections(hopefully soon!)
My husband and I were celebrating our 25th anniversary in Las Vegas and wanted to take our friends out for a special dinner (we love tapas!), and we were not disappointed with the tapas or the restaurant. When making reservations, I requested a table away from the entrance (it opens up to the hotel floor, and I wanted to have a little more privacy and intimacy). We were seated at the very back of the restaurant, and our waiter was very good. As soon as we were seated, I ordered two paella dishes (Mixed and Valenciana)--I am allergic to shrimp so we opted out of the Marinera), since they take 45 minutes or so from the time you place the order. I asked that as we ordered the tapas, they come out slowly. I did not want to feel rushed. There were nine of us, and I also asked that as we order dishes, they are set up so that enough of us could sample each dish (meaning that if I order sliders, perhaps bring out two or three of the dishes--not just one dish with two sliders). Looking back, I realize this wasn't communicated very well. We ordered twelve tapas (vegetarian, meats, seafood, new style), and everyone was pleased with all of them. My only wish was that they weren't coming out so fast and that there were more on the plate to try, but the red sangria was fabulous and that kept coming! The paella was served tableside to us since the dishes were so large for the table. The lobster and mussels were excellent, but again, not enough to go around or it was that half the table was served the lobster, and the other half had none. We ended up cutting things up and redistributing plates so all could try things, but again, I wish there had been more seafood in the dish. Also, the paella seemed very wet to me. It wasn't one of my favorite paellas that I have tried (others at the table raved about it though).
The cost of the tapas and paella along with the rush of serving them is what gives this restaurant a "very good" rating. It is expensive, but so is all of Las Vegas! I wouldn't not go to Julian Serrano for tapas but since I have already been, I will just try another tapas restaurant when visiting Las Vegas.
SMH... Service was OK, atmosphere was LOUD and Tapas were mediocre at best. I would pass on this if you are looking for a quality Tapas. I may be spoiled coming from LA but I wouldn't go back!
My boyfriend and I had the lobster saffron and the stuffed dates. OMG they were so delicious! And they deliver the food quick! I personally loved this place. The reason I gave it a 4 star is because the portion was sooooo tiny and expensive. I left hungry. I know tapas isn't suppose to be a large portion, but it was like super tiny. I think next time I go to Vegas, I will go there if i win some spending money at the casino.
Wild mushroom soup is way too salty! Seared scallop is very fresh and nicely done, on the greasy side. I expected more... it's ordinary. Raspberry tuna skewer is only for fancy presentation but taste is lack of character especially it doesn't match with the red square jelly kind of thing on top and there is wasabi inside a raspberry! Strange combination.  Service is very good though.  I was sitting by the bar.  I did enjoy dining here although the food is not as impressive as what I expected.
I. Love. This. Restaurant.

I'm in Vegas, tons of great places to eat. And I eat here twice. In the hotel. Lame, I know, but I really enjoyed it.

I like that there are good places to eat as a single in Vegas. I sat at the long bar, lots of other singles hanging out for dinner with me.

Bartender Premo (pronounced Primo) was fantastic. Knew the food, made great drinks. I ask him how many tapas most people order, he says 2-3 per person. I order 6 plus drinks and dessert. He doesn't flinch.

Night one:
Manhattans with Templeton Rye. Many.
Goat salad
Beef tartar
Short ribs
Ox tail
Beef and cheese
Lamb
Creme brulee and espresso

The tapas were fantastic except the Beef and Cheese, that was just okay.
 
Night two:
Old fashions with RI1. A few.
Romaine salad
Yellow tail
Scallops
Tuna cones
[Premo can't stand my drink routine so he tries to throw me off. Suffering bastard and then a Whiskey smash. Oi.]
Creme brulee and espresso

Tapas are large. I was completely packed. Highly recommended.
I mostly liked but didn't totally love this restaurant. 

My group had been staying in the Vdara and had a gift card to use at Serrano, so we ventured over and ordered a good amount of the lunch menu. As with many tapas places, some of the items were stellar, and some fell flat.

Patatas bravas, a standby at most tapas places, just fell a bit short for me. The aioli was overly garlicky (even for an aioli), and the tomato portion of it fell flat.

The pan tomate fared better, but the bread didn't have quite enough bounce to it. Padron peppers are hard to mess up, and those came out nicely here. The garlic chicken felt a bit limp and underseasoned, but my garlic taste buds may have just been blown out from the aioli that came with the bravas.

I love ordering gambas at tapas places, and this one was nice, especially with the chile de arbol touch. The albondigas were tasty, as well, but the bombas didn't fare as well - it was a bit mushy.

The valenciana paella had some great moments in it, but the chicken was dry. The pork should in it was lovely, though.

Service was brusque and mostly absent. Drinks were good, if a bit Vegas-y in their pricing.
We choose this restaurant for its selection of Tapas and small plates. Located in the Aria hotel which in itself is a very beautiful property the restaurant has a upscale appearance and lively vibe to it. Service was good but not great as we had to coax the waiter to explain each course. Reservations are a must and we where seated on time. Great place to dine and grab a light bite after catching a show which is what we did. I would return and recommend
I would give Julian Serrano 3.5 stars if I could. 

I love small plates...totally my thing. The food overall was enjoyable. Nothing was out of this world, but everything was good. Among other things, we had the white ceviche (white fish, red onion, rocoto pepper, cilantro, lime juice), which was bright and clean and delicious, the huevos estrellados (fried potatoes, over-easy egg, chorizo), which was rich and flavorful, the yellowtail tiradito (sweet potato haystacks, horseradish cream, ponzu sauce), which I expected to like more than I did, creamy risotto (mushrooms, Manchego), which was a great texture but I wanted to be mushroomy-ier, and the stuffed dates (goat cheese, crispy pancetta, tomato marmalade).

The service was less good. The waiter was keen on the upsell...must have tried to get the couple seated next to us to order another round of cocktails at least half a dozen times. The food also came out way too fast. Our table was tiny, and they kept bringing dishes that wouldn't fit, so we had to rush to finish the thing we were currently eating. We were out of there in something like 30 minutes because they brought everything so quickly. If I'm going to pay that much for a meal, I'd like it to last a bit longer than that.
Delicious. Definitely a solid 4.5 stars, but worth rounding up for! TBT, I came here for lunch feeling a little rough due to a margarita fueled evening the night before. But the food was absolutely delicious and had my stomach forgiving me for the previous nights abuse.  The concept is simple: tapas/small plates. They recommend 3-4 per person, but I made due with two. I kicked it off with the albondigas (beef & pork meatballs in a (slightly spicy) tomato, sherry sauce, which were delicious. Then I had the braised short ribs (one of my all time fav foods to begin with) over a creamy risotto --OH.MY.GOD.  I wish I had time for dessert but I was rushing out to catch my flight home. Will definitely be back for a reunion with the short ribs and to try some new delicacies as well.
I ordered four tapas & seafood paella. Other two friends and I shared all of them. The tapas were all fabulous, especially black rice which is with squid ink. The other three are salmon & truffle, octopus, and lobster & saffron. But seafood paella did not reach my expectation, cuz I did like the rice inside, however the prawn really nice!
If you sat at the bar, ask for Primo! 

I asked Primo to recommend me a drink with rum since other hard alcohol doesn't go well with my body. He brought out the drink and it was delicious! And strong! And I still have no idea what it was! 

We ordered the oxtail with mash potatoes, and white sardines over red bell pepper and toasted bread. 

I would have never ordered sardines at any restaurant but since Primo recommended and my husband insisted that I would like it... I was reluctant to take the first bite but then I immediately fell in love with it! Thank god my husband doesn't like sardines so I had the whole plate to myself! Oh and the oxtail was fantastic too! 

We always have a great time and awesome food here. Thank you Primo!
one of my favorite restaurant of Las Vegas. from contemporary ambiance to colorful plates. Spanish charcuterie platter is delicious. Paella Serrano was perfect, simply delicious. Bravo Don Serrano!!!!
We stopped by for an appetizer and wine and love the place. The bright colors and design elements are reminiscent of Spain. The Chiliwich placemats are a nice touch. We had the tuna cones and each bite was delicious. The avo-cilantro on the bottom of the cone was a fun surprise. 
Our bartender was amiable and  solicitous. We will certainly return to explore the mulitple offerings on the menu. This is how tapas should be, little plates of adventure.
So delicious. I would give a 4.5 if I could.

Came here for a bachelorette dinner and shared about 8 tapas dishes and 2 desserts between the 5 of us. 

The ceviche was probably my favorite dish. Everything tasted so fresh and the lime wasn't overpowering.  I really enjoyed the brava potatoes and the steamed mussels too. I'd pass on the croquettes next time. 

The tapas menu is very extensive and there are tons of dishes I'd love to try. The service was efficient and never intrusive. I'd definitely stop by again if I ever stay at the Aria!
We had a wonderful experience here.  The service is top notch, and the wine selection is outstanding.  We ordered the yellowfin tuna appetizer - nice blend of flavors and textures (ponzu contrasts with crunchy fried veggies); ceviche that had generous portions of shrimps and scallops, and some oxtail (not at all greasy or fatty!).  Finally, the paella!  Took 40 minutes to cook, but well worth the wait.  We ordered the black blood sausage version.  Generous with the saffron, and the texture was perfect.  Only criticism was that the meat was a bit on the scimpy side.  While somewhat pricy, well worth the price...especially after making a minor killing on the the $1 slot machines right before (love those double diamonds!)
Wonderful dinner, beautiful restaurant, great service!!!  Perfect for a family snck/light dinner before a show!
Completely disappointed!  I went this past Sunday night with a party of 3.  We ordered about 7 or 8 dishes and not one was outstanding.  They were just ok, with the standout being the bacon-wrapped dates which were just awful.  We ordered wines by the glass, and they were small amounts of wine.  I'm not talking about just because it's in large glasses.  The wine pours were small.  Overall I just felt frustrated that I'd spent $300 in this place and felt like going to McDonald's afterward (which I didn't).  I see zero reason to ever go back here.  The positives are a nice atmosphere and cool furniture.  The food is just bad to mediocre - there's so many better restaurants in Vegas!
I thought the ambience was great, music was good. The hostesses were a bit rude, but our server, Richard was great! We tried about 9 different menu items, only about three were impressive: oxtail, the mixed ceviche, and fried calamari. We tried the cheeses, the meats and they just seemed bland. The white ceviche was my least favorite, also bland.  I would recommend making reservations if you would like to try it out.  Overall would be a great place for drinks with friends.
I would give 4-stars if judged on the food alone, but unfortunately this review must end on a sour note. 

I usually do not give many negative reviews and I've come to expect great things from most Las Vegas restaurant experiences. Our experience at Julian Serrano fell a bit short.

When we arrived for a Saturday night for an 8 pm reservation for 2, we were promptly seated in the back among other 2-person tables. The restaurant was energized, and full of big groups, which made it pretty loud inside. I was seated across from my husband and we had to shout a lot to hear each other...not a big deal, but a little awkward. 

We didn't receive our drink menus right away, which made it difficult when we were asked by one of the waiters what we would like to drink. I asked for the drink menu and was told it was coming (in a slightly rude manner). Luckily, we were able to order some delicious cocktails and they came quickly. Our waiter made an appearance and right away I was not impressed with the service...he barely even made it known that he was our server for the night and was bent down near my husband's ear trying to pick out some things that we should try on the menu. I felt an odd disconnect... My husband asked how ordering usually works (since it's a tapas place), and the waiter said that we could order everything at once, and he "would take care of it." We ordered a few fish items, a cheese plate, the Spanish tortilla, chicken croquettes, the beef short rib plate, and a few veggies. 

Here's where things got annoying. The Spanish tortilla was brought out first. It was tasty but slightly cold (not sure if that's traditionally how it's served?). Before we could even dig into the tortilla dish the waiters brought out the beef short rib. That was a WTF moment to me. Within minutes of receiving the beef dish they brought us the warm monkfish dish and the cheese plate. Our tiny table was filled with foods all getting cold because we hadn't even made a dent in the tortilla. We weren't even half way through our cocktails and half of our meal was in front of us. We had to tell them to slow down (luckily they did). I felt like I was at an Applebees. 
 
If I were in a hurry, this would be good. But at 8 pm on a Saturday night in Vegas, we were not in a hurry. We like to slow down and enjoy our meal. I was irritated by the order of the dishes that were brought out as well as with the pace. Who wants beef short ribs as the second dish?? Typically you would want salads, fish, vegetable dishes brought first. They didn't even see if we wanted a bottle of wine to pair with the bigger meat dishes. I found the order of everything all very strange and felt rushed. 

On the plus side, the food was all very good. Everything was beautifully presented and cooked well. We LOVED the cheese plate. It ended up being glorious to eat cheeses between small plates (while our beef and fish dishes got cold, haha). I would go there again for the cheese alone! 

So maybe it was just a bad night...I never thought I would complain about too fast of service, but I am. There are times where it's appropriate to rush through dinner (like before a show, etc), but there are other times where you want to relax and enjoy good food and conversation. Unfortunately, this was not the place for that experience. I guess I just expected more for the price. We got an Applebees experience for great food worthy of better service.
I really wanted to like this place.  I've stayed at Aria a few times and always pass by this restaurant, but this time... I decided to give it a try.  I read the warnings from other Yelpers about the tapas being small and expensive.  We weren't that hungry, so we had dinner here.  What can I say... not my thing.  Way too fufu.  We ordered the brava potatoes, gambas, short rib, rabo te toro (oxtail), and lobster saffron.  She had a white sangria and I went with the red.  Everything (including the sangria) was bland.   The potatoes... I've had better from Ore-Ida.  A little crispy, but hardly any sauce... so it was a bowl of potatoes with virtually no seasoning.  The gambas (shrimp) were ok.  The short rib dish had the most flavor, but there just wasn't enough of it.  The oxtail was wrapped in ibrico and... I couldn't get past the texture.  Way too chewy.  Finally, the lobster dish was so small (and unremarkable) that... we quickly asked for the bill.

We left hungry.  The only other time that's happened to me... Melting Pot.

Oh well... at least I tried it.
Very good food, nice service. Ambience a bit lacking.

The portions are on the small side, but presentations are nice, and not too expensive.

The oxtail and the black pork ribs are awesome, the tomato cheese plate was awesome.  The mediterranean bass and lobster was more average.
Great food, great service - need I say more? :-) The lobster gazpacho had a very well rounded taste. The heirloom tomatoes salad was delicious, even though it is not really a tomato season (Christmas :)
More like 3.75 stars really, but I'm rounding down cause of the prices. But I guess it is Vegas. I mean the food was delicious, but the prices were steep. I love tapas and Spanish food. But $45 for their seafood marinara... Steep!! It was yummy and there was a lot of seafood in it, but still. Most tapas dishes ranged in the prices between $10-18. And the dishes were pretty small too. The goat cheese stuffed dates, really yummy but $12.50 for three pieces. The braised short rib, one rib for $16. 

And the desserts were alright. At $8 a dish I was expecting heaven in mouth. The desserts were definitely unique - pistachio tart, almond cake with almond ice cream. But it didn't have that "you're totally worth paying for" quality. 

If I were to write a review based on the deliciousness of the food, Julian Serrano would get 4 stars. However, my review is based on the overall dining experience.
Fun atmosphere, tasty plates and great people watching within the confines of the Aria complex. Food? Wow - competition is steep here in Vegas, places must constantly revamp and recreate to stay on top, in my humble opinion. I liked their fusion concept it was good and it worked with most dishes. We went for lunch, and shared several plates among the three of us. I felt that it was rather difficult sharing with three and yet if we ordered 2 of each plate it would have been too much and we would not have had the chance to try so many things. I wasn't overly excited enough to want to go back here, I would most likely want to try another place rather than return.   In most restaurants, I know right away if I want to come back or not. No single dish stands out to me as being so delicious and tasty that I want to come back or even try to recreate it at home. (I love to cook too!) Plus, being located in the mall isn't the most interesting place to dine in Vegas. Quick bite for lunch...great option, like most places in Vegas at this level. Presentation of food went well beyond the taste, and so for this place artistry ruled the afternoon. Three stars is all I can do...taste needs to be at the same level as presentation.
I was looking forward to eating at Julian Serrano's, with the recent health problems at Firefly I have been looking for a new Tapas spot. I am disappointed to say that Julian Serrano's will not be that spot. The food was okay but nowhere near the quality implied by the pricing and not nearly as good as Firefly. Also, worryingly, two out of the three diners in our party got sick shortly after eating, one of them violently ill. The service was nothing special, courteous but when asked for a suggested dish I got blank stares.Disappointingly Julian Serrano's is exactly what it's desperately trying not to be, a run of the mill Las Vegas casino restaurant with a fancy facade. The food is not horrible but for the price you would expect much more.
I have to admit that I was pretty drunk while visiting. I can't say much about the place since I don't remember a lot but the one thing that I do remember is the incredibly small tapas. Yes, they're tapas and I understand that but when it comes to lamb chops -- it was a chop .. Some of the dishes were just poorly sized when held against their prices. I feel like it could have been more for the price.
I have eaten here before and it was good so this review is not on food. We were vacationing in las vegas in summerlin and drove all the way to the aria to go to jullian serrano's happy hour. When we got there we were told rudely by the host staff that they are not doing happy hour because there was a convention in town. The second host didn't even look up from what she was doing. No where on the website did it say they were not doing happy hour and how greedy can you be that during a convention you won't serve happy hour because you know lots of people will be there and you want to make more money. This place has lost my business which is too bad because the food is good. If you are at the aria and want a good happy hour go to american fish. The staff is great and the food is served tapas style and is delicious.
We stumbled in here during a business trip for a quick lunch and were blown away by the flavors of the tapas served here.

Our team shared the following tapas:
Lobster Salad
Ahi tuna tempura
White ceviche
Tuna carpaccio
White anchovy fillets
Traditional Spanish chicken croquetas
Fresh calamari a la plancha
Creamy risotto

The tapas that hit me as the best have to be the ceviche, calamari, and the tuna carpaccio.  The calamari was fork tender and perfectly accented by the acid, the carmelized onions added the needed sweetness to round out the dish.

The execution of the carpacio left me wanting to order another order, but I had to sustain.  The carpaccio is sliced thin and placed over pine nuts that gave the dish a perfect, and when I say perfect I mean crunch.  The vinaigrette was refreshing while not being too overpowering of the fish.

The restaurant is beautiful, and the fun vibe of Tapas makes it a great experience.  A must check out if your in Vegas and anywhere near the Aria Hotel.  Price is on the high side, but quality, service, and most of all flavor get the high marks for me.
We had a company dinner here. Although the service was rather slow( took them a while to bring our drinks and refills), the food is quite nice.

My favorites: Potatas Bravas, Ahi Appetizer, pan manchego, mushroom risotto, Rabo de Toro and the amazing Red Sangria

Disappointing:the spinach salad and the absolutely horrible paella. I was looking forward to it, but the flavors were way off and the rice was over cooked. This is one dish that almost no one on our party ate.

I would come back for some drinks and apps, but would skip the paella for sure.
I ordered the huevos estrelladas expecting something like a Spanish tortilla. I got a fried egg on French fries with sub par chorizo (all fried in a corn or vegetable oil). I had to send the ceviche back, it was inedible. Everything just tasted salty.
When I feel like enjoying an awesome meal with tons of variety, Julian Serrano is my go to place. I have yet to have a bad plate of food here. The price isn't the cheapest, but I know this walking in the door. It usually costs me around $200 for 2 people with a few drinks. Some of my favorite items: Brava Potatoes, Roasted Red Peppers, Short Ribs, Croquetas, Imported Spanish Ham, and the Crispy Chicken Breast Plate (the peppers and chorizo complete this plate perfectly) Finally, the best item on the entire menu are - THE CHURROS. Simply the most fresh, and delicious dessert you will taste. Don't waste your time dipping it in the chocolate sauce though, it takes away from the churro experience!! Enjoy!
Excellent!  One of our favorite restaraunts in Vegas. Only down side, tad pricy but worth it.  Highly recommended.
Gourmet tapas is about the only way to describe a place like this.

I came recently with a date and was immediately struck by the open atmosphere.  It is simple and modern - almost like a fine cafeteria - but it works.  It doesn't feel too stuffy for its price or its setting, and yet due to the decor and the staff it still feels like it has a touch of class.

We ordered several things off the menu, with a few winning and few losing.  The lobster gazpacho was... a bowl of cold soup.  It was started with a tapioca capsule of soup on your spoon, and the overall taste was light and refreshing with a hint of cucumber.  But at the end of the day it was still cold soup.  If you're into it - you'll probably dig it.  I was not.

The winner was the creamy mushroom risotto.  Absolute simple brilliance.  It was just delicious.  I can't and won't say too much more other than it is definitely worth an order.

I love tapas places because you can order a bunch of things and come away with a decent tasting for a decent price.  Julian Serrano essentially delivers this, with a place a few steps up on the price rung than the rest.  It was too expensive, about $35 a head without drinks.  But it was enough to make you wonder whether all of those orders you'd happily picked out were worth the price after they were finished.

Go.  Enjoy.  But choose wisely if you're picking up the tab.
Great food, horrible service.  Service can make or break a good meal, and unfortunately the horrible service overshadowed the delicious food.

 We dined on Saturday, 2/9, at 9:15.  I originally had made a reservation for 12, but 2 people did not make it. The hostess and server adjusted our table no problem.  Once my whole party arrived we were seated. After that, service declined until I spoke with the manager, Carlos.  

Our server was Janice and it appeared from the beginning as if she had checked-out for the evening.  Once we were seated we were handed ONE drink menu by our unknown server at the time.  Everyone was getting a little impatient while they waited for the drink menu to reach them.  It would have been helpful if water was at our table before we were seated.  I asked Janice for another drink menu then she brought over a couple more in ipad form.  Thank you. 

I also had to ask about the specials and the prix fix menu I read on the website.  Janice did not opening offer this information to us and did not communicate it to the whole table.  One of the girls in my party communicated our options to rest of the group.  Everyone except one person in our party opted for the Chef's Special Selection Menu, but Janice did not know that because she didn't bother going around to ask each person what they would like to order -  she assumed everyone was opting for the chef's menu. Someone  had to tell Janice that one person wanted to order off the regular menu.  

Janice is not all to blame for the lousy service.  The bussers and food runners were not on top of things and appeared not to communicate with one another.  A food runner brought our paella and Janice had to take it back to the kitchen.  After I spoke with the manager he informed me Janice would try to be more attentive.  Janice was great at refilling our waters and sangria, but she was still not very friendly towards us.

I appreciate Carlos for sending out dessert at the end of our meal to make up for the poor service, but unfortunately the poor service really did break our special group dinner.  

I recommend assigning a more outspoke and friendly server to large parties in the future.
Made a reservation through yelp and specified a gluten allergy. We got an awesome table and the waiter already knew about the allergy. You can't beat the atmosphere and service here. The front house guy was helpful in choosing a wine and even gave me a tasting before I bought a glass.  The portions are small plate style, so assume 2 per person if one is meat and 3 per person if choosing from any of the other categories. The kale salad is good, a bit oily. Beef short ribs we tender and the glaze was awesome. The highlight and must have was the chorizo- the perfect amount of warm hear, crispy outside, juicy inside, and topped with a mini roasted potato.  The dessert was delicious as was all of the food, and although I loved the pistachio tart, it is definitely a warm cookie and not a tart. Sounds weird but the flavor of the crema catalana was reminiscent of Trix cereal- ok, but I wouldn't get it again.
Great tapas bar in aria..tuna and raspberry so amazing..the patron peppers were great..and loved the beet salad. .great tequilas too
I'm not a big fan of tappas places, but this place really blew me away. We came here for a friends bachelorette party and it was all around a great experience. The dcor is very dark and chic, the food is delicious, the wait staff is incredibly nice and friendly. The portions were way too small, but then again we were a party of 16 and it's a tappas place so I'm sad that I didn't get to try everything we ordered, but I definitely want to come back and try more of their dishes.
Thanks to religiously watching Top Chef for the last eleven seasons, I'm just not a fan of Julian Serrano. In the most recent season, he built a Spanish menu against his the awesome Dominique Crenn, and every one of his dishes looked so boring that nobody was rooting for his team.

Fast forward to visiting Las Vegas with the idea of gorging myself on everything tasty that the city has to offer ... and I decided to visit Julian's eponymous restaurant for kicks (and to prove to myself that I was right in judging him from what I've seen on Top Chef). And you know what? I was wrong. I give this restaurant a solid 3.5 stars and appreciate what Serrano is doing to heighten Las Vegas' culinary caliber.

I think the decor is fun; trendy, whimsical and colorful. Kind of like tapas :)

If you're getting tapas, it's important to get around three things per person and share, so that you get the max out of your experience. Here are the highlights:

-- heirloom tomato salad
-- coca vegetarian
-- yellowtail tiradito
-- stuffed piquillo peppers

Why wasn't it rated higher? One of our items was "lost" off the check, and we waited for 20-30 minutes even after letting them know. Second, while some of the food is great, other items like the chicken croquetas were downright dogs.

Nonetheless, I'm happy that JS had vindicated himself in my eyes ... I'm sure he'll sleep better at night now.
This place never disappoints. Amazing food, good service, and a beautiful modern design.

Our waiter was very helpful. Since I had been here before and it was the first time for my friends, I was picking some of the tapas I knew and liked. He suggested other tapas too. The service was fast. Our tapas were brought to our table sooner than expected. My top favorites were the Creamy Risotto, Garlic Chicken, Papas Bravas, Pan Manchego, and Traditional Chicken Croquetas. The dessert, Churros with spicy chocolate was so delicious and brought back some childhood memories. 

Julian Serrano has a beautiful modern design. It very colorful and lively. The restrooms are cover from top to bottom in tiny mosaic multicolor tile. Plus the restrooms play Spanish lessons.

I highly recommend Julian Serrano!! It's a must try! This is one of my top favorite restaurants.
My second time at Julian Serrano.  The atmosphere is great being in the atrium area of the Aria Hotel.

Service is good, but almost too fast.  At a tapas place, you order a bunch of small plates and eat them throughout the evening.  During our dinner, they brought all the plates at once.  Our table was overloaded with plates.  Since we wanted to eat everything while it was hot, it turned out to be a short dinner.  

The desserts are fair - nothing special.
I was very disappointed with this restaurant , got seated and never saw our server whatsoever.
Vegas is a foodie town, and Aria has a lot of wonderful restaurants.  If you ask me, Julian Serrano is the best restaurant in Aria and it's one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas.

I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT.  

Service is top-notch and fast.  For a party of 14, I was worried about the wait time for food.  No need to worry, they know what they're doing!  Food started coming out almost immediately.  Tapas are a terrific option for large groups.  The pace of dishes coming out was perfect.  Also our waiter was able to split up the bill (we ordered in groups of 3 to 5 people).  

Finally, the food.  It's excellent!!  Everything is amazing but I particularly recommend the calamari, which is among the best I've ever eaten.  Other notable dishes include the salmon, the risotto, croquetas, peppers, papas bravas.

You simply cannot go wrong eating here.
Bit pricey, but it's delicious.  And hey it's Vegas...

We ordered too many things to remember but for the most memorable things were:


Tuna Cones - Delicious tuna sushi (poke) style in crispy cones.
Imported Spanish Serrano Ham - Delicious period.
Creamy Risotto - Very well done!
Stuffed Dates - Not bad.
Grilled Lamb Chop - Loved it.
Mixed Paella - Very good paella.  Had low expectations but wow'd.

I would come here again but give it sometime so they can add and subtract from menu.

Worth the try!
Fantastic...amazing flavors....Aurora made this a special lunch...ask to sit in her area
Tapas are amazing with a lot of variety to choose from. The scallops, oxtail, and risotto is amazing. Good service and amazing food.
Superlative food. The ceviche is wonderful, as well as the shrimp. You can taste the freshness and quality. The wine list sources some of the better Spanish labels, which pair well. My only knock was that my wife was bumped several times by the wait staff, due to the narrow passage between tables.  We mentioned this to our waitress, and there was no make good or acknowledgement. Not what I expected from a world class chef.
Overall great experience. The mixed seafood ceviche was amazing! I wish the portion was a bit larger. I would definitely come back! I also tried the paella which was also delicious.
As a frequent visitor to Vegas, I have had the opportunity to dine here three times in the last five months.  If you like Tapas, you will love this place.  I cannot say anything bad about the food, it is all wonderful: dates, octopus, short rib, paella, etc.  The paella is a little small for a large group. I heartily recommend the churros for dessert.  My only criticisms are that the wine list is always out of the reasonably priced selections and the general cost of a meal is ridiculous.  I know, every meal in Vegas has to be ridiculously overpriced, it is some kind of law, but go in prepared to have to use the home equity line.

Still, I cannot recommend this place enough.
Delicious tapas. Portions a bit small so go with 3/person (they suggest 2-3/person). Loved everything we got: bacon wrapped figs, goat cheese and tomato cake, cheese platter, mushroom risotto, scallops, and chicken croquetas. Red sangria was perfect... Not excessively sweet but flavorful and fruity.
This is the best tapas place I have been to.  Great service! Friendly staff for being packed to capacity.  We were here with a party of 22.  They took the time to explain what was in each dish. I recomend the Scallops, best I have ever had.  They have a
Limited beer selection, but I still give it a 5 star.
Went to Julian Serrano with a bachelorette party - about 16 of us and we had a great time! Unfortunately, they were unable to seat us all together, but they did get us two tables close together.  We got a couple pitchers of each the red and white sangria which was very good.  We then asked the waiter to bring us out an assortment of the most popular tapas. Everything was delicious with my favorites being the avocado cannelloni, the stuffed dates and the brava potatoes. Fun atmosphere and good service.
Stick with the Tapas and bottled water. Looking forward to a special birthday dinner here we were very disappointed. 
We started out grand , quaint table for two and we are already ordering our drinks. Gin & tonic came out and it tasted off by the 3rd try the drink was brought out with just the gin and a closed bottle of tonic water. The tonic was spoiled at the bar. 
We loved the tapas we ordered very tasty, perfect for two. The fig tapas were just lovely! Now we are excited about the paella we ordered. When it arrived we noticed immediately it was small not really for two. Only two shrimps and maybe a scoop of rice each - oh! It smelled so fishy I was hesitant to eat it but took a bite and wish I hadn't! The rice was under cooked and the shrimp tasted bad. Really could not continue, we ask the server to take it away and I've lost my appetite. 
My water is refilled and I notice large particles floating in my glass! Ugh. I ask for bottled water and tell our server why. She does apologize and we know this is not her fault. The manager comes over and starts to explain why the paella taste so off and this is just how they make it here, he does not apologize or offer anything to us. I am beyond ready to leave. But our server lets us know because it is my birthday she will bring me dessert and she is convinced I will be delighted. She brings out a lava cake, where am I, Applebee's?!! Please, just let me leave! But first she brings me the check. They took off the Paella and bottle of water. Finally it ended.
Used to be my favorite place for tapas until now.  Found a piece of bone on my tapa, they took the plate with the piece of bone to the kitchen but instead of having the courtesy of offering something else they just became very prompt in handing me the check before I even asked for it.  Guess is all fun and games until someone chokes or loses a tooth to a piece of bone...  Eat at your own risk!



























i
VERY overpriced but yummy!!!! I guess this is what I can expect in Vegas. I tried about 8 different tapas and I absolutely loved the ceviche with taro chips.  Just that will complete your night!
We always prefer tapa restaurants back in seattle, becasue we love getting variety of foods in one sitting. After seeing this restaurant near our hotel entrance, we decided to give it a try. 

We went straight to eat after the morning workout. It wa pretty empty on sunday morning around 11am. 

We had asparagus, beef tartare,steak, and sliders. The sauce that came wth roasted asparagus was one of my favorite thing. It had almond flavor to it, and I enjoyed it alot. Steak was tender and juicy, tartare was fresh. The tartare came with thing sliced root vegetables and  i thought it was a interesting addition. Sliders were great as well.

The price wasn't that bad and i loved the experience. The only thing is, it isn't a closed restaurant, and you are dirextly exposed to people walking by when sitted near the edge of the restaurant.
This place is ok. Not sure why this place have so many 5 star reviews? Maybe we went on an off night? The service was kinda blah as well. Hub and I shared the following tapas:

***Recommend***

Stuffed paquillo peppers (my fav there, the flavors went very well together)

Oxtail (sorry forgot the name. It was hub's fav, tender and moist)

Seared scallops (seared perfectly)

Yellowtail (this was ok, didn't think it was that bad to be added to the list below)

Lamb chops (hub and I both enjoyed it, but it wasn't the best we ever had)

***Avoid at all cost***

Tuna cone (no flavor)

Fried artichoke (forgot the name as well, but it came with arugula and some kind of soft cheese on the side. This dish was completely bland and the flavors did not work well together)

Tuna and raspberry stick (looks pretty, but where was the flavor?!)

Fries and chorizo with egg on top (can't believe we paid for this dish. It looked like a dish that was thrown in with leftovers)

Pork shoulder (forgot the name as well. It was dry and bland and totally not worth it)

Bill came out to be about $180. It wasn't too bad, but I can think of a million other places where I would've left happy and completely satisfied.
I had the asparagus and oxtail with mashed potatoes.... I recommend them both! Great flavor! The cervix he is great as well! Chefs and bartenders are friendly and down to earth!
The happy hour is a good deal, but the food wasn't consistently good. I ate there three time during my stay at Aria 2/23-2/28/14.  I love their bacon wrapped dates, and they were great the first day... ok the subsequent times.  Also the "Spanish Tortilla" was a cold gloopy-glue-like thing that I ended up sending back.  Their ahi tuna squares with raspberry stuff and sesame seeds are def a Vegas "must try" because they are beautiful and yummy!
The potatoes were off the chart. If you are into tapas then this place will rock your world. A few of the dishes weren't our favorite but 3-4 were really good with great flavors!
At one point Vegas got "over saturated" with Tapas restaurants. I guess that's one of Vegas "weaknesses"  Always going to extreme in everything,even restaurants or "Vapor Stores" :-). That by any  means does not affect my believe, that Vegas is  the best city  to live in (at least for me and my family).  Back to Julian Serrano: I f I would be put in front of the dilemma  to choose only one Tapas restaurant in Las Vegas to stay open. I would say Julian Serrano in a heart bit. Yes it is a little pricy, but when you bite into stuffed peppers or take a sip of house made sangria...  You feel that eating here is "money well spent" . I should also mention, please save room for desert, it's outstanding!  So is the service.
My wife, a group of friends and I were back in Las Vegas and planned to dine at Julian Serrano again.  We had dined there a few years prior and in my mind, that was the best meal I had ever had in Vegas.  I'm very happy to report that our most recent experience was just as fantastic as a few years back.  Just like the last time, we had Pedro as our waiter.  He is the absolute perfect curator for the food journey we took once again.  Not only is he attentive to all needs, he explains every dish as it's brought to the table.  He even remembered us from a few years ago which was very impressive considering the amount of people I'm sure he serves on a regular basis.  The food continues to be phenomenal with various textures and tastes all playing off of each other nicely.  We will definitely be retuning next year.  Do yourself a favor, if you find yourself in Las Vegas, go to Julian Serrano, ask for Pedro to be your host for the evening and enjoy the ride!!
I really enjoy eating at this place when I come to Vegas. The atmosphere is relaxing. Our server Ernesto was very polite and the food was awesome. Paella, papa bravas, lamb chops, ribs. The sangria mmm.. I recommend anyone who has never tried Tapas food to eat here.
Great food, decent service, wildly marked-up wine list. You should still go.
lovely spot to grab a late night dinner for two! delicious & light and left satisfied. would recommend for a larger group too, to try all that their tapas menu has to offer. 
thx aria hotel, another terrific spot to dine at.  : )
I came here in a larger group for a birthday dinner and a positively amazing experience. We opted for a tasting course menu, where we able to taste several different plates. The staff was very attentive and the service was quick! My personal favorite item on the menu was the stuffed dates, delicious!! Everyone in my group loved our dinner experience and would recommend it to anyone! I hope to go back to Vegas soon and eat there again!
I think I may be generous with the 2 stars.....we were served rancid olive oil (on asparagus), crispy paella (EVERY other time it has been cooked - not al dente), and Iberico ham that was kind of 'meh.'  

Very loud - hard to hear conversation at out 2 top.  

Server was lukewarm, clearly not thrilled to be there.  

My advice?  If you need to drop some money quickly use a slot machine instead.  We actually did and won a bunch of money!  At Serrano's you wont win anything but hopefully will find a bite or two of actual 'AUTHENTIC' Spanish cuisine, which is better than we did.
Great food. A bit pricey even for Vegas. The sangria a were not the best we have ever had but not the worst either. All the tapas were really good and unique. Prepare to spend some cash.
Incredible decor great menu decent service. Almost 5 stars but they blew it on the lamb kabob. Totally undercooked and raw. And a fine cut of meat wasted. Now that that's over I loved everything else. Mushroom rissoto to die for tuna cones were perfect the meatballs insane great beer and the oxtail. Sublime.  I would go again solid 4 star
I've been here several times and they never disappoint. The tapas and creative combinations are delicious. A must try when you visit Las Vegas.
We traveled for over a month in Spain, ate at many tapas restaurants in many countries. Even though Las Vegas has a lot to offer we just had to come back and try more things day after day at Julian Serrano. Amazing tapas, original, super tasty. We tried 8 different Tapas including the Paella, none of them failed us!

We would come back to try some more in our next trip.
Tapas in Vegas? Why, not? This little bodega is a cute spot with excellent service! Located inside the Aria it was a short walk from our stay at the Vdara. I love me some Spanish tapas so wanted to check out this place while in town. 

Some of the dishes were spot on yummy. The calamari a la plancha with a hint of lemon and lightly charred was Delish! Another favorite was the bacon wrapped dates. Savory dates, crispy bacon and smooth goat cheese- I couldn't get enough of these bad boys. Literally, there were only 3. 

Chicken croquettes were a bit too soft inside, lacking a bit of texture I like more shredded chicken, not from the blender. 

I would order the mussels again but not the stuffed peppers. 

You cannot leave without ordering the vino tinto sangria! With apples and a hint of cinnamon, this was to die for! And the almond flan was out of this world good!

Excellent service, good recommendations, cute spot in the Aria and great food. I would come back but bring a bigger check book- this place is not easy on the wallet considering the size of portions.
We were impressed by  every dish that we ordered. People are right about the price, whereas, this place is not cheap.  But this has definitely been one of those instances of getting what we paid for.
Food was decent.  Between four hungry gentlemen we got away with 8 small plate tapas and one paella and everyone was quite full afterwards.  It's a nicely decorated restaurant in Aria. Here are some thoughts on the food:

- Meatballs - these had an excellent texture and the meat sauce was perfectly sweetened.  A very enjoyable dish
- Sliders - don't get this - only came with two sliders and the bread was a bit dry and overall not very original or inspired
- Black rice - this is an actual dish and I found very delectable.  The price soaked in squid ink (?) was well seasoned and the octopus and seafood added some interesting texture to the bite
- Tuna sashimi on seaweed salad - I would not order this, just get it at an actual japanese restaurant and you'll be much happier
- Paella - definitely order this when you sit down as it takes 40 mins to cook.  We ordered the mix paella and it was very enjoyable.  The mix of chicken and seafood was nice and it wasn't overly salty.
- Garlic Chicken - this was a surprisingly tasty dish.  It was simple but the flavor was excellent and the texture of the chicken was moist and soft on the inside with a thin but noticeable flour based covering.

The cocktails were OK but nothing to write home about.  

Why did it only get three stars?  Well our waiter who was a nice chap throughout the meal offered us an appetizer, a feta cheese, tomato, and bread type of dish.  When he offered this to us, he said "i'll bring you out this appetizer".  At the end of the meal, when we ordered 4 espressos, he said "i'm going to bring you out coffee with liquer".  In both cases, his tone gestures insinuated that we would be comped these small "extras" but when we saw the final bill, he had charged us.  The coffee drinks alone were $14 each.  Anyways, just an annoying thing for people to have to deal with and presumptuous that we'd want to pay for the extras.  

So all in all, the food was above average but the incident with the waiter brought down the otherwise delightful experience to two stars.
The tapas here never disappoint, but the service is a real wild-card you should beware of. For a venue like this where you are going to be ordering several small plates that need to be paired properly, insight into what is good that day or what flavors will work well together often rely on input from the server (who is there every day). In my case, the server (Victor H) was not very engaged in the customers, another staff guy ( a cook) noticed that I needed a sharp knife for the lamb dish and provided one (which Victor should have recognized). The server also needed to be prompted by the staff cook to suggest other items and to follow-up on my needs. 
I have been here three or four times and the food is always good, but the service, like I mentioned, will make for a great experience, or damage it.
Had 4 more hours till my flight to leave Vegas, walked by this place decided to check it out. Good thing i did, because i discovered a great place. Ordered short ribs here expecting it to be like korean short ribs lol; it was 10 times better. I huge slab of meat on a bone that melts in your mouth as you eat it, so tender and juicy. This place will make your taste buds go nuts, everything is packed with rich flavor. Happy hours from 4-5:30pm i was lucky enough to come during that time, had myself a 5 dollar sangria. Located inside the ARIA this place is a must try for everyone, guarantee you will not be disappointed.
Food was decent. Service was super fast and friendly. The menu had great selections on it. Downside? Though everything we tried was good it was simply lacking the "wow" experience that I have had at other tapas places. When I walked away from here I remembered an enjoyable meal whereas when I walked away from other tapas places I remembered specific dishes that I would look forward to having again.
Lively and beautiful atmosphere with food that is really quite delicious! We had a table of 8 and decided to go with a bunch of shared plates. Id say the three highlights were the oxtail, the duck confit, and the wrapped dates.  Even something simple as the charcuterie plate was ordered twice we loved it so much. 

We saw many people ordering paella, but we wanted to taste many dishes so we opted out. I'm picky with paella, but something tells me they do it right!!
Great food and great wine recommendations. Gotta check out the bathrooms also. Beautiful.
We got the seared scallops, eggplant special of the day, mushroom risotto, and the filet w/ foie gras, all good dishes, but not great, which brings me to the next point... For just those few middle of the road tapas dishes and a couple of drinks, I left feeling a bit ripped off. I don't mind paying a lot for food, but this place didn't quite live up to my expectations. Other than that, the food came out fairly quickly since the dinner rush hadn't come, and our server is very attentive.
Everything about this dinner was wonderful. From the colorful dcor of the restaurant, to the service and especially the food. We ordered a total of 7 tapas and 2 desserts for the both of us and we left stuffed and extremely pleased. Here is what we ordered: 

Lobster Gazpacho,  a chilled Spanish tomato soup with chunks of lobster meat. It was so refreshing and delicious. I wanted the bowl to never end. One of my favorite dish of the night.  (Rating: 5/5)

Calamari A La Plancha, perfectly cooked calamari drizzled with a lemon parsley extra virgin olive oil. The addition of  sweet caramelized onions was a nice balance. (Rating: 4/5)

Next, we had the Porto belly, a cute play on words. It was one huge portobello mushroom topped with generous amount of spinach, bits of bacon and potbelly. A delicious mix of mushrooms and fatty pork. (Rating: 5/5)

Mediterranean Bass, two nice size pieces grilled perfectly moist with a crispy skin drizzled with a Donostiarra sauce and garnished. (Rating: 4/5)

Creamy Risotto was very good, with bits of wild mushroom and melted aged manchego cheese mixed throughout. (4/5)

Yellow tail "teridito" was a smaller size dish, nevertheless fresh. Three pieces of  thinly sliced crudo yellowtail topped with thinly crispy sweet potatoes horseradish cream and ponzu sauce. (Rating: 4/5)

Braised short ribs was to die for, soft, tender and flavorful and came with a size of stringy crispy sweet potatoes and was cooked into a cipolinni glac.  (Rating: 5/5)

We ended the night with dessert. We couldn't decide on one so I got the Molten Chocolate Cake which was warm with chocolate oozing out of the center dusted with a generous portion of powdered sugar. The orange jelly, blood orange sorbet was the perfect cooling contrast to the piping warm dessert.  (Rating: 5/5)

We also had the pistachio tart- almond cake with almond ice cream. This may have been m least favorite dish of the evening given that it tasted like a regular cookie to me, nothing too special. (Rating: 3/5)

Overall, the experience at Julian Serrano was amazing and we will gladly come back next time we're in Vegas.
Food was great. However, Paella needs improvement very wet rice better luck next time. Second time around
Best tapas I've had, hands down. The restaurant is in the middle of the Aria lobby and looks like it's built out of giant sugar sculptures. I liked it! It was very flashy (but appropriate for Vegas).

The waiter was great at suggesting what to order (Patatas bravas is of note. My boyfriend's father was doubtful; "It's just potatoes, what's the big deal?" It was a big deal). We chatted and took his advice, which turned out to be excellent. Drinks here are also GREAT (pricey, but great)--you can browse it on their very cool iPad app. My boyfriend's mother and I each had one, and we both loved our drinks.

As for the food...I'm not sure you can go wrong. As mentioned previously, the patatas bravas was great. We had a bunch of meat dishes (the chorizo on a stick was cute and tasty!), but oddly enough, the standout dish was the poached salmon. It had to be the best dish of the night, and probably the best salmon I've ever had. I had to question myself for a second because we were, after all, in the middle of a desert.

Probably the weakest part of the meal was the desserts. While they were still good (churros in a spicy chocolate sauce that we were practically drinking out of the cup, flan), a round of drinks might have been a nicer ending. At this point, however, I'm grasping at straws.

Julian Serrano was the best meal we had during our entire stay at Vegas, and we ate at quite a few notable restaurants. It was also (unfortunately for us) the first meal we had after our flight and set the standard for the rest of our stay. I highly recommend!
The risotto is really really good!  If I could have ordered a giant bowl it is the only thing I would have eaten.  That being said the tapas were epic.  We tried the paella for two people and were a little disappointed.
As someone that was born and raised in Spain, my expectations of "Spanish" restaurants tend to be a bit higher than most. 

When you sit down at a place like this, after not being able to taste the food from your country for months, or even years! little key words stand out. And those words make you very excited. For me, the key words were HAM, CABRALES, TORTILLA and PIMIENTO. 
The fact that I saw all of these key words on the menu was a good sign. Unfortunately it all went downhill from there.
My fiance and I were hungry and excited to eat some spanish food so we ordered a bunch of different things.
We started off with the Jamon Serrano and Spanish Charcuterie. The Jamon was on top of some tomato garlic sauce. It was about as bland as they come. And I mean bland. They served it on top of some garlic tomato sauce which to me, all it does is mask the flavor of the ham. I was really disappointed. 
The Charcuterie was also as bland as the ham. The lomo in that plate had absolutely no flavor. Where are they getting their products from?

Then we got the cheese platter! another key word, CABRALES! I am from Asturias, that is where Cabrales cheese comes from. And I can say this much. That was NOT it. It is a very stinky, spicy blue cheese and what they served us was a creamy bland mess they called cabrales. 

The tortilla....... sucked. Sorry, it sucked. It was so dry..... I almost finished my whole glass of wine with it. That is NOT how tortilla is supposed to be! For one because it sucks with onions in it. It completely overpowers the flavor of the potatoes and egg. But it was so overcooked..... 
I come from a family that makes spanish tortilla on a daily basis. I make it, my mom makes it, my grandma makes it.... and they all turn out glorious. Why is this one so..... meh?

Onto the next...... the Octopus. It was surprisingly good! Nothing bad to say on this one.

The Stuffed Piquillo Peppers were delicious. It gave me a few good ideas to make at home since I have them in my fridge. 

and lastly

The Stuffed Dates. They were very delicious. I don't know how spanish this dish is, because I actually never had it in Spain before, but they were fantastic. 

Overall the restaurant is nice, the atmosphere is trendy and it had a good vibe. I'm sure for someone who isn't used to this type of food, the food will be great. But I did not like it. As a matter of fact, I get upset when the waiter tells me the chef is from Madrid and then they serve me that. Is he really from Madrid? Has he even been there? Does he know what the food looks like there? I'm confused
I love tapas because I don't like decision making and I love having a little bit of everything. This place was good and I was brave (just try it, I told myself), but some things were more up my alley than others. Still, I knew where it wasn't something I liked, it was more about me than the quality of the food or presentation. Like our sushi experience at Kumi at Mandalay, we just asked them to bring out good stuff until we said enough. I would have loved a potato tasty (should have asked about patatas bravas) but they brought out some really tasty things. I don't even like goat cheese, but the Stuffed Dates were probably my favorite, as well as the the little ice cream cone-like tartare, cucumber and guacamole (Tuna Cone); Rabo De Toro (oxtail and mashed potato) was also pretty good. I'd definitely come back here and try out some other fun stuff. This is the type of meal I totally enjoy and Avia was a lot cleaner smelling than the other hotel/casinos anyway.
Just had dinner here and I would say only 3 stars overall 

1. Patata brava - excellent 
2. Mediterranean chicken skewers -
Chicken was undercooked and pink 
3. Payaya - too sweet 
4. Spanish pizza - toooo oily and the bread seemed like you are eating a butter pastry. 
5. Sangria - awesome 
6. Service - almost felt like I was in a casual cantina whose server wasn't interested in understanding or taking care of the customer. 

Don't know what the hype is about. 

Cascal in mountain view California has much better food, ambience and service. 

Expected better and was disappointed.
Excellent food.  Great value.  We went here multiple times because I wanted to try all the yummy dishes.
Meh...  This meal was nothing to write home about.  Presentation was great, but the food just okay at best.  The value was good, only because we ate at 5:15, so it was happy hour.  I could not possibly recommend paying full price at this place, with so many other outstanding places around...

The Aria is an outstandingly beautiful place, and the restaurant shares that beauty.  It is a great place to watch people, and the bathrooms are even better...  don't miss them!  You can sit in the restaurant and watch people checking in or walking by in-between the Crystals mall and the Aria casino floor, which provides some of the best people watching on the strip.  You can also enjoy the fantastic display of kites on the ceiling in the Aria lobby.  A great spot to grab a happy hour cocktail for sure...  But, pass on the meal.

We tried one of everything on the Happy Hour menu, and the only solid dishes were the Spicy Meatballs, and the Raspberry Tuna. All the other dishes were below average in taste.  The Serrano ham plate and Charcutere plate were also enjoyed, but the portions of these full priced dishes were small, and the meat quality mediocre.  The only good part were the toasted bread served with them.  The Calamari was extremely greasy, and did not impress.  The Tomato Bread was soggy and gross.  The Sangria was not good at all either.  Skip it.  Really.

Beyond the bathrooms, the highlight of the meal was the Carahillo after dinner drink, which is fantastic if you like an ice coffee.  Yum.  Get one.

I also recommend you pass on dessert...  we had the Flan, and Orange Creme Brule.  The Flan was more like a fluffy, bubbly omlet, Bad.  And Brule just okay.

The service was also poor.  Ordered peppermint schnapps and got peach.  Ordered one decaf coffee and got 4 orders of regular.  Nearly all the dishes came at the same time, so there was not room on the table. Had to do a happy dance to get the attention of the manager, and once he saw the generally unattentive server headed over, he turned around and never visited...  basically, for a high end place like this, lousy service and obviously poor training.

Really poorly managed place with mediocre food.  Good place for a happy hour drink.  Otherwise, pass.
Excellent meal here for our group of four ladies. The extensive menu drew us to this restaurant. The service and food was excellent. Price was reasonable. Very fast service. We had to be out  within 90 minutes, and we were early. Would definitely go back again.
Recommend ordering only the fish dishes. The white Ceviche and yellow tail was great.  All the beef dishes missed on the savory.  If you do order beef--- ask for a steak knife especially for the short rib. 

 The chicken croquetta was my favorite. The cheese l platter also missed as the goat cheese were were lame. 

Sangria was good, but you should ask them to make sure to put pieces of fruit  from the mix.... It made difference on the second glass. 

Service was great at they let you I'd put 3.5 stars.
It was hard to decide what to get here, the menu was just very expansive, and I was feeling indecisive.  We ended up with 9 small plates in a wide variety of flavors.  I can hardly recall what they are were.  The best dish was a chicken croquette, followed by the braised short ribs.  

The ambiance could be a bit better, with the dining room located in what is essentially the lobby.  Lots of food creepers walking by, staring down your delicious mini plates.
This restaurant has a pretty low key atmosphere considering the menu. We came here earlier this week for dinner and were lucky to get a table with a view of the TV so we could watch the end of our team's NBA playoff game. It was great that we were able to get amazing food and still catch the game! 

Our server seemed irritated that we were so into the game (a bit pretentious even) but given the casual atmosphere I didn't think it was a problem. 

Dinner was quite delicious- we started with Wagyu Beef Tartare and the Yellowtail Tapas with a half bottle of wine and enjoyed those while we waited for the Seafood Paella (the menu cautions a 40 minute wait, but I think it was less than that).

All of the food was delicious, but if I were to return I would skip the Paella and stick to tapas. 

All in all, 4 stars - due to the weirdly pretentious service in a casual fine dining establishment.
YUM!
Who loves tapas!? Doesn't everyone??
We had a wonderful meal and all of the tapas were so tasty! The duck paella was wonderful with super tender duck pieces and tons of artichoke. The desserts were just okay for with the highlight being the spicy chocolate for the churros. The flan was a bit thick and stiff while the rice pudding was a bit thin.

Great ambiance and the service was spot on. They were always around to refill our glasses or pick up plates.

kale salad | rainbow baby carrots | heirloom baby tomatoes | red beet gele | red beet vinaigrette
mixed seafood ceviche | shrimp | white fish | octopus | cilantro | lime juice 
seared scallop | romesco sauce 
crispy artichoke | crusted artichokes | water cress | olive spread
traditional spanish chicken croquetas | chicken | bchamel 
pintxo de chorizos | mini spanish pork chorizo | mashed potato | lemon honey
bomba | veal tenderloin & pork tenderloin spicy meat ball | spicy rocoto sauce
duck paella | duck leg | artichoke | saffron rice
flan crme custard | frutas del bosque  
arroz con leche traditional spanish rice pudding  
churros fried spanish pastries | spicy hot chocolate
My wife and I love Julian Serrano. We try to make it a point to stop in every time we are in La Vegas. When we are there, you will find us enjoying a bottle of Albario at the bar, where we almost always end up trying a few new dishes in addition to some of our favorites. The ambiance here is a perfect match for our tastes. Oh, and if you sit at the bar and opt for a cocktail instead of wine, ask Premo to make you a Suffering Bastard. I tried one on Saturday. Very nice!
Omg the best tapas ever !! Amazing rest style... The food look beautiful and vere professional taste!!!! I'm recommend Evritng  !!
Decided to come here to eat on a late Friday night when we were in Vegas a few weeks ago. Bad idea for my wallet but hey, you're in Vegas and high prices should be expected especially at Aria.  I should have looked at the yelp pictures before coming because I didn't realize the portions would be that tiny. Yes, they are tapas but when each dish is priced at $10-15 dollars, you will need to spend like $80-100 per person in order to feel like you had a real meal. My bf and I ended up ordering the mushroom risotto, salmon and truffle, and the bomba (?) just to try something from each category. 

The food was actually really good. The mushroom risotto was creamy and delicious. The salmon was cooked perfectly and I loved the sauce that was drizzled on the plate. The bomba was like a meatball and had a nice spicy kick to it and was delicious as well. 

For an upscale-ish place, service was only so-so. The waitress wasn't very attentive and I think she judged us because we didn't order 10+ dishes like the couple seated next to us. Ambience is nice and trendy but it's really loud in there so don't expect to be able to have a nice conversation in there.
After going to Estiatorio Milos for my first prix fixe lunch, I was determined to find another one at a great price. I found this thread that mentioned Estiatorio Milos and they also said Julian Serrano had an equally delicious menu for only $19. I thought it was too good to be true so I called to confirm since the thread was from last year. They said that they had this special menu from Sunday-Thursday at 11:30am-4pm so I had to get there on Sunday. It was weird because I checked the menu and it didnt mention the $19 so I thought it was a secret menu. When we got there, they gave us a regular lunch menu and I asked for the prix fixe but it was for $49 so I asked about the $19 one. He said it was only for Monday- Thursday but I told him that the person on the phone yesterday said it was for Sunday. He spoke with the manager and checked if they had the ingredients and they were able to provide this menu. I thought it was very nice of them to keep their word. So extra plus for them. The place is in Aria and it is quite festive. They have a bar and the game was playing so that was cool. 

First
1) Lobster Gazpacho- chilled spinach tomato soup with lobster meat- I didnt see the chilled part so I was quite shocked by the taste of it. I never had purposeful cold soup so it took some getting used to. Not my cup of tea but I am glad I tasted a legit spanish appetizer. 
2) Wild mushroom soup- I preferred this one since it was salty. It was good and I would choose this over the lobster.

Second
1) Salmon- It comes with mashed potatoes and I liked that the salmon skin was crispy. I dont know how salmon is a spanish dish so it wasnt anything crazy special but it was good nonetheless.
2) Rib eye steak- It came with eggplant and french fries and again I dont know how this is spanish but it was good. 

Third
1) Santiago's cake- LOVEEE this!!! it is a traditional spanish almond cake with turron ice cream and candied almonds. It comes in a nice display and was deliciosss. The cake was tender and the ice cream went perfectly with it. I gobbled that thing right up. This was by far my favorite of the meal.
2) Flan de turon- almond mcreme custard flan. I am not much of a flan person so I thought it was ok. 

I think Vegas will now be known for prix fixe rather than buffets for me. I am addicted haha. And for so cheap! You cant beat $19 for all this good food. I am surprised that the appetixer and dessert were more traditional than the entrees.

**TIPS**
1) The $19 prix fixe is Monday-Thursday, 11:30am-4pm.
2) The ideal menu is wild mushroom soup, salmon or steak (depends on what you prefer), and Santiago's cake.
3) Enjoy!
I'm a local and as such maybe a little jaded due to our seemingly never-ending string of poor dining experiences at expensive restaurants on the strip that tout quality chefs. Sadly, like most Vegas eateries in Strip casinos this place suffers from non-attentive service and overpriced fare that is pedestrian at best. We had the raspberry tuna skewers (ok), the sliders (bland), the NY steak (couldn't cut thorough 2 pieces because they were 90% gristle), the monk fish (decent smoky flavor but the least tasty monk fish i've had), the ceviche (for some reason no one in the states can get this right - not authentic, served with only 4 taro chips, decent but not at all as flavorful as that in the Yucatan), and the only tapas we enjoyed - the stuffed dates - which we've had many times at other tapas joints, and these were just as good. ALL our second round of tapas were served cold after a long wait (must have been left at the pass too long), and we had to send them back - upon doing so the manager came out to reassure us, but at no point did he or the server offer to take something off the bill or do something extra for the miscue - not that we expected that, but most places i've had to do this at will extend some sort of peace offering. Not here.

$150 later we left very disappointed and agreed to avoid Strip restaurants like the plague from now on, unless they are downtown - like Hugo's Cellar, which is a gem with great service and reasonable prices. It seems that these strip places think they're only catering to tourists and will never see you again, at least that's how it feels to dine there. They were right this time, they won't see us again. Back to Firefly for tapas.
Playful, clever...brilliant

Expected more theatrical gastronomic fireworks...but this was very refined and focused.

Think of this place as dinner and a show...if you appreciate refined, creative, and brilliant food...this place is a must see.

That said...now that I've done it, I have no interest in going back and...I can't say that about The French Laundry because....at the risk of sounding horribly pretentious, when I ate at the French Laundry, I knew I was doing something special...I knew I was eating at the best restaurant in the world and seeing what those chefs did changed my perception of what food could be.

This is cool...but it's just a branch of minibar.
I wanted to give this place 5 stars but our waiter was not very friendly.

We came here Saturday night for my bachelorette party.  The first component that really captures your attention is the ambience. The place is gorgeous.  You have the perfect balance of people watching and romantic/ beautiful ambience that really adds to the flavor of the restaurant and, of course, the food.

Now for the drinks!  I ordered the first cocktail on the menu: ague de serrano = delicious.  My friends split two pitchers of the white sangria. They said it was good but it tasted like punch. They felt a little of the alcohol afterward, but they said the drinks could have been stronger.  

For the food, we ordered the mushroom risotto (so yummy!), the asparagus a la plancha, and the goat cheese salad.  A couple of my friends got the octopus, but they said it was very smokey and the octopus was not baby octopus, so expect big tentacles (TMI I know but it was important for flavor based on what my friends said).  Everything else was delicious from the rest of my friends.

Our waiter was gruff and unfriendly.  He did not come back and check on us during our meal as well.  The rest of the wait staff was great and kept our water glasses full.  We complained to the manager, and he apologized but we already paid, so he couldn't do much.  He said he would speak with the waiter. 

Overall, would go again. Veg, meat, and vegan options available :)
Whimsical, vibrant & upbeat restaurant with friendly service to top off the overall experience.

Drink the Agua de Serrano-a crisp and spicy cocktail made with tequila, rum, cava and hananero infused syrup...banger!!

Eat the white ceviche served with thin taro root crisps.  I'd maybe pass on the crispy artichoke...I liked it but I think it could have used some salt or some kind of hot sauce.

The menu has so many delectible options but I stopped there.   I'll definitely make it a point to visit again and sample some more.
Really cute place! We absolutely LOVED the fresh sangria. There are three different choices, each flavor better than the next. We were just stopping by for a snack since we had dinner reservations later in the evening, but were luckily able to try the black rice and stuffed peppers. Both were amazing. The black rice was better than any tapa we could even find in Spain, a must try for sure!! The staff was soo nice and helpful. We will definitely be back!
Situated right by the lobby/reception area inside Aria, didn't really have whole lot of expectation. Just wanted to eat inside our hotel b4 headed out to B. Spears concert. Boy o Boy...was it a surprise!!!!!!! First off, it's Saturday night around 7pm, restaurant is jam packed yet we had our table on the dot. Servers were quick and delivery of food was timed perfectly. i loved EVERY dish...giving 5star (back-to-back) is not something i do lightly, i am pretty picky. This spot is fun, colorful and makes you happy and smiley just sitting. TVs located around so you don't miss out on a good game. 

Sauteed Foie Gras (pear was beautifully roasted, presentation is gorgeous)
Mixed Seafood Ceviche with shrimp, white fish and octopus (not too sour, just right)
Spicy Tuna on a cone (like ice-cream that melts in your mouth)
Charcuterie platter (can you really get enough of this stuff, not me!)
48 hours short ribs (to diiiiiie for, it is sweet and buttery)
Flan (this is not the usual creme texture, i like it alot)
Wine was flowing!

Finished dinner at 8:30pm, just in time to catch a cab to the show...
It's conveniently located by the casino level close to the main lobby of the hotel - very contemporary and modern style/design. Perfect for grabbing quick small bites. Definitely has "delish" options in their menu. Don't eat there and not try their Sangria - so good.  Had an amazing dinner there and service was pretty good too. I will definitely recommend this. One of the best tapas style restaurant on the strip.
Second visit and always enjoy this restaurant and it's many tapa selections.  Sit at the bar and be entertained by Jeffrey, one of the bartenders.  He is one of the best around, upbeat and fun and full of suggestions.  The tuna cones are my favorite, but everything is tasty and presented very well.  Try the peach sangria!
Could not have imagined a better experience. Had prearranged a package that included unlimited sangria with one of the managers prior to our visit.  We let them choose the food.  So glad we did.  Food was amazing.  I couldn't believe the quantity and the quality of the food that kept coming out of the kitchen, including dessert. AND, our glasses were never empty.
Service was exceptional, from the manager to the bussers.  
I can't wait to go back
Love it, Love it, Love it.  Much better than the competition and great atmosphere.  

Quick tip, if you make reservations, be prepared to wait another 30 minutes on busy nights to get your table.  We ended up eating at the bar, which was way better as you can see each dish coming out of the kitchen.  

The tuna tartare cones were unbelievable!  Must have!  They are literally tartare, avocado, and an array of goodies in a very small ice cream cone (like the size of your pinky).  You get four in an order and they deliver in every way!
We were excited to try Julian Serrano because of their ceviche and array of tapa menus! I ordered the mixed seafood ceviche- it was meh okay.  Nothing special.  Also the steamed the mussels that were pretty good.  The other girls ordered the spare ribs and mushroom risotto - nothing specatuclar :-(
The location is great, located inside right at one of the entries to Aria. The food overall is very mediocre. The soup was outstanding, we got both the seafood and mushroom. The entrees were sent back, the braised short ribs came out too overcooked and hard. The second reorder I got was just ok, I ordered fish which seemed fresh however did not measure up to a $30 price tag. My friend ordered ribs, which were awful. Dessert was ok, did not stack up to a high end restaurant. Overall I expected a much better experience. Service was average, one of the drinks ordered didn't come out, the dessert should have been comped.
After I discovered some of the people in my group did not want to eat all weekend (that's another story but apparently it had to do with looking skinny in a bikini which I didn't care about), I found a new friend who wanted to eat and we booked for this place.  It's kind of open dining where you can see Aria from the interior.  A new concept I think that is happening with new restaurants at new hotels.

I did make an open table reservation and I was the one who was late (but I called). The table was ready right away.

Things I tried based on reviews:
- Brava Potatoes:  Pretty good.. I loved the tomato sauce that it was served with.  I wasn't that fond of the aioli but the tomato was really good.
- Tuna Tartare cones:  Comes with 3 cones.  It was okay.  I didn't think it tasted anything more than tuna in cones.  
- White Ceviche:  Mostly fish.  It was okay.. served with some sort of fried chips
- Paella:  Got the seafood one with lobster.. expensive.. about 40 but it was DELICIOUS.  Probably the best paella I've had in a long time... or maybe it was good because I hadn't eaten in a while.

I would go back just for the paella.  I would try some other things on the list if we had more people.. but it was overall the right amount for two people.
This is an upscale tapas joint. Spicy meatballs were great. Good wine. Pricier than normal tapas.
Weekend in Vegas with the wife, teenage kids and another family.  Looking for something different - tired of over-the-top steakhouses and big-name chefs.  Someone told us about Julian Serrano. "Never heard of it!" I said -- 'lets check it out". So glad we did!!  Great experience.  Got us seated promptly, courteous staff.  Our waiter advised a few dishes, took him up on a few and tried a few others that we found interesting.  Loved it!!  Food was flavorful, medium sized dishes meant to be shared (tapas).  Adults really enjoyed, but the best testimonial was from our 18 year old, two 17 year olds and one 16 year old.  These kids have enjoyed fine dining in many locations around the world and they REALLY enjoyed the food and the experience.  My 16 year old boy said, "best meal he's had in Vegas" (after many trips!).  I'm hard to please and don't write reviews, but I felt compelled to let others know about this place.  Go there!
I have to give this place two stars. I have never had any tapas here that I've really enjoyed. Their drinks are delicious and have perfect balance so I will give them that. The service was excellent as well. I have come here twice now and tried a number of tapas on their menu. I never reviewed it last year when we came but this year we ordered, the Mediterranean bass which was my favorite out of our choices, we also ordered the chicken croquettes which were bland, and the spicy meatball which we didn't know would be fried. We stopped here because we were unhappy with our choices. I've had tapas here in Baltimore that have been 10x better and for half the price. I would not return to this restaurant.
Food is always delicious here. I had the romaine, albondigas and some mixed paella. However, the albondigas came an hour late, the paella came out 1.5 hours late, after repeatedly it asking our server. The manager made up for it. We weren't charged for the dishes.
Our overall experience was very solid at Julian Serrano - We were inb/w meals & pool time and stumbled upon this place in a great moment of serendipity. The ambiance was surprisingly good for being so close to the heart of the casino.  The service was terrific! 

The cured olive dish was meh but everything else was more or less requisite.  Huge props for having a killer wine list and perfect glass-pours like Txakolina & Albarino to accompany the cuisine: very savvy!

We loved the kale salad with rainbow baby carrots, heirloom baby tomatoes, red beet gele in red beet vinaigrette was fresh, rustic & overall very satisfying.

I thought the mediterranean bass with donostiarra sauce, tomato confit, arbol chili & garlic was expertly prepared, was full-flavored and had great texture & portion size was perfect.  Definitely one of the best fish dishes I've had in a long time.  

Props... what happens in Vegas ends up on yelp?
Dinner was fine. Service was the worst possible. They seated us in a tight area and the servers kept bumping our chairs. I requested the first server to walk around if possible and he kindly obliged. half hour later and a second waiter bumped me. I requested him to now walk around as well if possible. And he doesn't say anything. He comes back 2 minutes later and say excuse me and then nearly smack me in the head trying to get by again. I ask him to come over and he ignores me.  Then he starts getting loud and says I'm going to call the manager. Was really not sure what he was threatening me with. Manager comes over, realizes that we have already paid our bill, quickly apologizes and then walks away. The worst service ever in an unnecessarily pricey restaurant. Couldn't figure out how to do zero stars.
I have always been a fan of Firefly and Jaleo, but will never go back after diving at Julian Serrano. Price is comparable to Jaleo buy portions are twice the size. My gf and I had 5 tapas,  cheese and charcuterie boards, and  3 martins. After gratuity and tax the meal was $150. Not bad at all. I was so full. Staff was attentive and prompt. No complaints. I'll be going back.
This is a really fun Spanish Tapas style restaurant. It has slight influences from the micro gastronomy movement. Just try the avocado canneloni, seafood ceviche, lobster gazpacho, huevos estrellados, and you will realize for yourself that this place is not hard to love. This being Vegas, the restaurant has really glamorous decor with mosaic tiled bathroom being a highlight.
The food was so yummy!!! Loved the Oxtail and white fish ceviche. Did not like the fried chicken... We also had a pitcher of Sangria... Tasted amazing too... It's on the pricer side but def worth it. The ambience is so great and the waiters are friendly.
my fav restuarant..i eat there at list once a week and i love it!
4 for the food.  2 for the service.  
Gipsy kings cliche.  White ceviche very good.  Patatas bravas tomato & potato good, the 1/2 cup of aioli (mayonnaise) was nasty - unless you love eating spoonfuls of mayo I would suggest having it on the side.  Chorizo bites recommended.  Chocolate molten cake very good but found the accompanying sorbet a strange match, wouldn't be my first choice.  Quite loud.  Comfy seating.  Amateur, distracted, condescending service, too many tables, flustered saying be right back and then would get sidetracked.  Did not know about comp program, and seemed pissed we were asking about it .  Food came out very quickly, within minutes.
Would try again hoping for better service.
I went there for my bday dinner and I CANNOT tell you how good everything was! The Pan Manchego was insane!!! Just order it, you will not be sorry. My favorite was the beet and manchego tapas plate that came on skewers and tasted out of this world! I loved the presentation and was so surprised that the cheese was melted on the inside but the breading on the outside was perfectly cooked...incredible!
Went for lunch today with high expectations and was not disappointed.  Three of us had tapas and they were all very tasty and the staff was great.  

In order of preference, we tried
-- Tuna raspberry skewer.  This dish is in all the promotional material for the restaurant and that actually made me concerned it was just hype, but it was great.  Tuna was perfect, and even the raspberry had a unique flavor.

--  Dates stuffed with pancetta, goat cheese and tomato marmalade.  Great combination of flavors.

--  Seared scallops.  Scallops were done perfectly and presentation was beautiful.

--  Grilled NY steak with Japanese eggplant.  The eggplant made the dish.

--  Baby back ribs.  The weakest of the dishes, solid ribs but nothing special.
Omg! THE BEST tapas restaurant I've ever been to in my life! Period. Def miss it since I'm eastcoasting but will go everytime we stay at the Aria!
Shady continued his trek across Aria eateries stopping by Serrano for round 2 of four in one evening. As should be noted in his reviews, Shady has had an affection for the spanish/tapas style eateries as of late. The choices here for Shady and EXTREMELY lucky guest for the evening as we sat at the bar were the short rib tapas as well as the mixed seafood ceviche. Short ribs were like butter and are a typical Shady go-to and they did not disappoint. The ceviche was good as well, but a touch lacking. Maybe the "mixed" seafood just blended all the flavors together but it seemingly lacked a punch. Nonetheless, Shady and Co. stepped out for round 3 of the night-Sirio
Despite a lot of large parties from the convention that was going on, we were seated right away with no wait. I was quite impressed. It's my favorite place to eat. The ambiance is interesting since it's somewhat open to the lobby at Aria.

Our server didn't seem too happy when he was taking our order and when we asked him questions about the menu or if we needed anything, his answers were all very curt.

However, the food is delicious. Since it's all small portions, it's easy to try different things from the menu and also portion things out depending on how hungry you are. I had the traditional spanish chicken croquetas which were so good. Perfectly breaded and crispy on the outside, warm and moist on the inside. The Spanish Iberico Sliders were also amazing. The combination of iberian pork with the ground beef was perfect and complimented each other really well. Too bad there were only two in an order because I wanted more. My friends ordered the lobster salad, grilled flat iron steak, and the fried calamari which they all enjoyed.

Despite the service not being so great and a little slow, I'm still gonna give Julian Serrano five stars. The server was probably just having an off day. He was nice enough to split our checks three ways which was much appreciated since it made paying a lot easier for us. The food is always delicious and I will definitely go back again.
good tapas place! 
service is..okay.. depends on the server I guess, but food is great. 
Since portions are small, you can try different kinds of dishes.
I usually get about 8-9 plates for 3 people, but don't expect to be full!
A party of 2, 3, or 4 is good. No more than 4...
This restaurant ranks up there with some Tapas I had in San Diego. Service was prompt and food was flavorful. We had sangria, gambas, lobster, calamari, charcuterie, and potatoes. It was all warm and fresh and full of flavor. The gambas and potatoes were a little spicy. The calamari was fresh and toasty. The charcuterie was great except no cheese is included or bread. I went back a second time because I liked the gambas so much.  Also Had bonless chicken wings with garlic wrapped in toasted bread topped with spinach and red peppers the best. Also spanish egg tortilla. And ceviche was very fresh. Loved decor and service. Very unique tastings and paella offerings.It is  a little pricey but you are paying for quality food. Definitely highly recommended if you are into Tapas.
Fantastic food! Questionable other aspects: the server was less than attentive, annoyed when I asked him to come back after I had to look at the wine list again after my chosen wine was unavailable and finally... the 'sticky' chairs (which we found out later was actually paint because they touched them up before dinner service). 

With all of that said, the food was tremendous and there was a lot of great and unique items to choose from.
I am from Spain and I am a foodie.   This place rocks.  Six stars out of five.  Better than sex (almost).  I would write details, but I gotta get back to the food.
Chose this restaurant because of the reviews online and by the number of people in the restaurant at 9:30 thought we made a good choice but unfortunately, found the food to be just ok.  It was odd but everything was kind of bland.  Maybe we didn't have enough to drink or maybe it was because my body thought it was 12:30 but we didn't enjoy it as much as others seemed to be enjoying it.  We had a broad selection of menu items, 6 if i recall so should have found one to impress us but alas, did not.
The food was great, the service was wonderful as our server Donovan really took care of us. 

Our only issue was the rude hostess at the front. Upon arrival we were only given the option of sitting at the bar. After questioning the hostess we realized that if we waited 10 minutes, tables would be available. Really weird situation. Not welcoming at all. 

Hostess should be retrained or even fired. If management is reading this, it was the women of Asian decent on 06/23/2014 at around 8:20 pm working the hostess desk at the front.
3 stars for the food. 1 star for the service. 

Food was not bad. Not as good as it was 2 years ago. Lamb chops were ordered medium arrived closer to well done.  Soups were served at room temperature.

food arrives all at once, and the waiters make no attempt to clear a spot on your table. They stand around expecting you to move food around and move dishes for them.

Plates used are also ridiculously large for tapas.  3 plates and your table is overwhelmed.

don't get me wrong everyone was courteous and friendly but I didn't come here to be smiled at and make friends.  

Used to be a standout Vegas restaurant, now it's just another aging Vegas hasbeen.
Wow. Delicious creative menu. Every dish is top quality.  About as good as it gets in this space. Will absolutely, definitely return. 

Recommend: tuna cones, yellowtail tiradito.
Great food and service. We got tapas y paella and It was delicious. It was a litlle bit noisy but the food worth it. 100% recommended.
Came here on a Wednesday night and it was pretty packed but we got a table immediately. We ordered a variety of dishes and we asked for recommendations first. Our food came out real quick but the table next to us, who got there before us, wasn't having such good luck. 

Cod on asparagus- bland

Bone marrow-delicious, tender

Beef and cheese- beef was a little chewy, I didn't like the taste of the beef and cheese together, tasted alittle gamey

Duck confit- the duck and sweet potatoes complimented each other quite well

Salmon truffle -the salmon in the truffle sauce was delicious

I would definitely come back and try different dishes, they have alot of options on their menu.
My favorite Resturant in Las Vegas 
Food is amazing!! Great atmosphere, friendly staff. Ask for Robert for a wine recommendation he's the best!!
It wasn't too busy for a Monday night, made reservations ahead of time so we were seated within seconds. Service was good although the waiter seemed as if he were just being nice because it was his job so that was a turn off. The good was excellent! From the seafood tapas to the vegetarian to the meat, everything was cooked to perfection. The churro dessert is also amazing. You honestly can't go wrong with anything that you order.
Really dig the open patio style seating that Julian Serrano has going on.

Since we had a group of 5, we ordered the regular sized Mixed Paella to start since it was going to take awhile, and just ordered a bunch of tapas to share.  Even though on the menu it shows the paella's portion is for two, with all the tapas we ordered, turned out to be a smart choice.  

The paella came loaded with seafood.  Paella's tasty and it definitely hit the spot for us.  Can't really compare to "authentic" paella, but for what it is, pretty good!  One of my friend mentioned that the seafood wasn't as fresh as it could be, which is understandable since Vegas is in the middle of the desert haha.  My only knock on it would probably be the super small lobster tail.

As for the tapas, there were a few standouts.  The Black Rice is my favorite: squid Ink rice/risotto with calamari and lobster, with a heavy touch on garlic, which I liked.  Others that stood out were the White Ceviche, which was refreshing, and the Apple Foie, which is a mini apple roasted with a chunk of foie in the middle.  C'mon.

The Fresh Calamari a la Plancha was a surprise.  Essentially grilled calamari, but done perfectly.  The Beef Tartare here has an interesting presentation.  Tasty too to match the good looks. 

Pan Tomate was a disappointment and didn't care much for the Stuffed Piquillo Peppers.  

We ordered a pitcher of red sangria to share, which was good for about 8-9 glasses.  Solid solid sangria.

Seating was a bit awkward when I was checking in for my reservation.  There was a group of Chinese tourists in front of us and the host must've thought we were together so didn't pay any attention until I grabbed her attention.  Besides that, service was fantastic.  Our server was fantastic... but unfortunately forgot his name.
Ordered $39 for an ounce and a half of Pata Negra w raw tomato and 4 slices of ciabatta. I understand it's acorn fed and meant to be delicious, but SHIT!  $10+ for dates wrapped in bacon covered in more sweet shit.. Stiff undercooked rice advertised as creamy mushroom risotto. menu sounded delicious. New York.. tasted sous vide..? Please trim the excess silver skin before cooking.  Might want to retrain your cooks. Ambience was great. Kind of empty. Staff was friendly if that floats your boat for a great restaurant.
Amazing vegan selections and great service. 

I originally thought of going to Javier's but after seeing the menu and what was being charged for tacos, I didn't want to be disappointed how I was at Chino Poblano. 

So I've heard so much about Julian Serrano I thought I'd give it a try. I browse the menu and know I can take a few things out to make it vegan. I ask the hostess if I can make substitutions to accommodate a vegan lifestyle. They said no, but instead pull out an entire vegan and vegetarian menu. SCORE!!! 

Everything looked so good! I honestly could've ordered the entire vegan menu but I couldn't justify spending more than $200 when I still need to grab groceries. 

I ordered the paella which is a must to try, either vegan, vegetarian, pescatarian or meat eater. Let it be the first thing to be ordered. When the waiter comes over, just order the paella! No questions, just order it. Even without the meat and seafood, this is the best paella I've had in Las Vegas. It takes about 45 minutes to hit the table. The temperature was just perfect. 
I also ordered the kale salad which was amazing as well. Very light and fresh. I then ordered grilled jumbo asparagus which came out perfect and went so well with the salad. 
There was a non-alcoholic sangria I tried which was pretty good too. Not too sweet and not too from all the fruit. The orange garnish I could do without but still nicely done. 

Sadly there were no vegan desserts or I assume there wasn't since I wasn't offered a dessert menu. 

The service was good. I sat at the bar and it took a few minutes to have my order taken. No worries, they seemed busy. 

Julian Serrano, great for vegans and non vegans.
Best place I've eaten in Vegas so far. Great food and great service. Everything we had was tasty, but highlights were the Tuna/raspberry and the duck confit. The rice pudding dessert was a must have. Best part of the meal. The service was attentive, but relaxed. As a woman paying the bill when dining with two men, I appreciated that the server actually looked at the name on the credit card and handed it back to me for signatures. The only drawback to this place is that it is very loud, with a dance music backdrop, so if you aren't up for that ambiance you should consider going elsewhere.
Can't beat the location.  Prime people watching place. Our meal was great. Man, the Espana's really love the quality of their sauces.  I really liked the different cheese platter menu too.  Overall, a great place with different type of Espana food.  Good for groups. Can make this a light fare if you are planning to party later.
Absolutely love this place, from the ambience to the delicious dishes! The pitchers of sangria along with tasty Brava potatoes and tuna cones are a must try!  Our server Yoshi took great care of us. I recommend this place to anyone that comes to vegas!
This is the first restaurant I've been to in Vegas that wasn't a buffet, earls or pizza. And I have to tell everyone who have only been to those places to branch out and try some of the fine dining vegas has to offer.

I was staying in Aria and it was my friend's birthday so we decided to splurge a little bit on a celebration dinner. We had 8 people with us and we were able to get seated right away with our reservation. The first thing our waiter recommended to us was the sangria. That definitely did not disappoint - it was strong enough to get me buzzed with just two glasses.

We got a variety of dishes:

1. Raspberry Tuna - SO GOOD. it wasn't overwhelmingly fishy and the raspberry added a nice texture. The presentation was nice too. (comes in 4)

2. Creamy Risotto - this was probably the best dish of the night. Everyone on yelp raves about this dish, and it was my favorite. Super filling and enough for 4 people to share (unless you're a manly man that eats whole cows for dinner, then you may need 4 plates).

3. Lobster noodle dish - not sure what it was called, but I didn't particularly like this one. Reminds me of chow mein done wrong.

4. Seafood ceviche - Delicious! recommended for anyone who likes ceviche, can't really say too much about it other than it was good.

5. Ox Tail - i was pleasantly surprised about this one! so good and rich, a good meat dish since we ordered mostly seafood.

A thing to note is that these are tapas and the portions are small. We paid about 40 dollars a person which I felt was really affordable with the quality of food and presentation. I was also pretty full after the meal - wasn't stuffed, but who wants to be if they're planning on going out for the rest of the night.
Everything I ordered from here was delicious.  Our waiter was awesome too bad I forgot his name.  Tapas are the way to go if you don't feel like having a big meal before you head out to a show or club.
The girls and I are still talking about and craving the food from this place... I left my heart at Julian Serrano's last week sigh

We were promptly seated and service was truly memorable. Started off with a pitcher of sangria and proceeded to order a series of tapas. Everything tasted fresh and savory. Dishes that sounded spicy actually came out SPICY (which I always appreciate)..

Here's what we ordered and loved (4 girls): 
- beef tartare
- grilled octopus
- fried calamari
- stuffed peppers 
- ceviche
- grilled salmon 
- stuffed peppers  
- some potato/jalapeo skewer
- chorizo 

Sangria was nice and strong :) helped wash down all the various flavors. Hope I can come back!
We went to Julian Serrano on our first night at the Aria and we really enjoyed it. The service was very good and the food was excellent. The menu is huge.

We ordered the Paella Serrano (with morcilla, short ribs and kale), the apple with foie grass, the lobster gazpacho and the bread with tomatoes. For dessert I ordered the buuelos. Everything was outstanding but the bread with tomatoes -which we are very used to eat in Spain- were to oily and the bread was too soft for our taste. 

If you ask me between Jose Andrs and Julian Serrano, I couldn't pick one over the other, regardless of my 3 and 4 stars respectively. They are just not the same, the food is different. I did find Jos Andres to be more intricate.
They have a vegan and vegetarian menu which is GREAT!
Good food, great service.  The standout was the spanish/vegetarian pizza thing.  That dish was unique and delicious (it was like a moulette).  
The rest of the dishes were solid.  Nothing stood out ( I had mostly vegetarian options like patatas bravas and veggies).  The only disappointment was the the green peppers--the oil they used just didn't add enough good flavor.  These are my favorite tapas so I've had them at a lot of places and these were just not up to the standards of other places.
Overall, each dish was good but only one was special.
I did not like the Sangria that much.  
Service was great.
I would come back here when I come back to town but not sure I'd recommend it as a must go to.
Love this place. MANY items to choose from. We opted for tapas instead of large dishes but next time we'll be trying a paella (be aware it takes 40 minutes to prepare if you order one).
we had:
-croquettas (probably the best thing we had. just delicious sweetness. They have a happy hour where you can buy them for $4 instead of $10)
-gambas (basically shrimp in a spicy sauce....the one dish i could have gone without. The shrimp seemed overcooked and dry....and that's even with the sauce)
-calamari (my wife had this and loved it. I'm not a huge calamari guy so i passed. She's very picky about calamari and thought it was a solid dish)
-bombas (pork and beef meatball. Be aware these are SPICY. Delicious though. And the sauces? please. I still have dreams about it)
-pistachio tart dessert (omg....this was so much better than we expected it to be. you MUST try it. it's not even like a tart. It's more like a very thin cake. Just incredible. I could have eaten 4 more.

Definitely worth a try. There were maybe 10 other things we wanted to try. It would be a perfect place to try with a big group because you could try almost everything on the menu.
Went here on a Monday night for Happy Hour.They have a prety big bar with dark wood. The palce is dimly lit with a warm coziness to it.  The prices were decent. We had half off everything on the menu.The drinks were cheap during happy hour. We had the calamari, flatbread pizza, gnocchi with Bolognese sauce. They were all tasty. They had other things on the menu but was too full to order any more. I would have to come back here and check out  the food again. Not a bad place.
In the location that once housed the famous Slanted Clam, Herbs & Rye touts a 20s speakeasy spirit that, while obviously faux, has been done so lovingly you can't help but respect it. 

Haven't tried the food, but sitting at the bar perusing the history lesson-cum-cocktail list, a tear almost came to my eye. If I were to open a bar, certainly this is the way I'd do it (oh wait, I did open a bar once, and we almost did it right--H&R do it better). 

From classic to creative, H&R mixes with finesse. I'm a fan, and how. Oh, and the drinks cost easily half what they'd be on the Strip.
As a bar I give them 5 stars for their unique, fun blast from the past twist on American history of alcohol and night life. But the restaurant side of the house is mediocre.  The food lacks flavor but are all ok and great for safe eaters. The server we had was spending more time talking to me like I was his dog then trying to provide good service. Leave the swearing for home, not work.
The food, the drinks, the atmosphere...
Sublime!!!!
I will come back often. I'm gonna bring my dearest friends. So unique. I felt like I stepped back in time. It was wonderous! I opted to let the bartender choose my cocktail. You say you want "Herbs & Rye.", and you will get a surprise! It was a surprise! I loved all 3 of the drinks he thrilled me with. 
Especially the "Blood & Sand" 
I had the Bistecca flat bread and Potato Gnocchii..
It was like I had stepped into the 1940's. Ohhhhhhhh
Unbelievably fantastical idea, "TMC" Turner Movie Classic channel is channel chosen for motif. TOO COOL! I will come often. This place is the BOMB. The service was divine. I felt like a movie star from the '40's, hehe that's how I was treated. I felt so comfortable. ahhhh Mmm
This is a great restaurant. The food and cocktails are excellent. The staff was very friendly from start to finish. Everything they suggested to drink and eat, I loved. It is open pretty late and it's great to stop by after a night out on the strip. If your every in the area I suggest stopping in and having a drink/food, because you won't be  disappointed.
I was definitely surprised when I walked into this restaurant.

From the exterior, Herbs and Rye looks like the kind of place where people go for line dancing; almost shed-like... But once inside, I noticed that this place was actually very nice. Black and Red walls with all black furniture and a door concealed as a book case make you feel like you're in a 1940's Italian mafia movie. Even better, is the service which makes you feel like you're practically family.

As for the food, I enjoyed it very much. The flat bread we got as an appetizer was so good that by the time my entree came, I was full. 

The drinks selection, all from the age of prohibition, is also something I enjoyed. Most of the drinks were too strong for me but I appreciated the fact that all the juices/mixers were fresh, not to mention, it was nice to see something different. 

On a last note, this place is great because it is off the strip (so you avoid the hassles of the crowds and the valet) but you still get on the strip quality...

I should probably add that I was brought here by a local (I'm from L.A.) named Jesse. So if the people from Herbs and Rye happen to read this, you can thank him for my review :)
Great food and great service. Happy Hour is everyday with 50% off on most menu items. Our server, was phenomenal from the beginning and recommended the perfect wine to go with our meal. They are starting to feature live music but the volume doesn't over power the ambiance of the place.

We ordered the calamari...one of the best I've had in the valley. It didn't have your typical marinara sauce, but instead was tossed with slivers of banana peppers and an aoli sauce...excellent. For the main course we had the sirloin (they recommended the rib-eye but had ran out by then) and the fettucini "crabonara". We didn't feel rushed and the food came out perfect.

Definitely coming back here again to try everything else. Their menu items weren't your typical italian fair and they served probition era type drinks and cocktails which were interesting...it also helped they were 50% off.
Went for a few drinks and got wings also. There was one bartender that was highly informative and knew his drinks well. However he was  training another bartender perhaps barback that didn't know much. I hope the training period is a LONG one because I asked for a Tom Collins from the new guy and he didn't know what it was. Overall the drinks from the experienced bartender were good. Totally worth another try.
A+++ I came here based on other Yelp reviews. Raining, Saturday night was less than crowded which was a shame... the drinks are superb, the staff IS family (I think) and treats you as such and the crowd that did trickle in (no raining pun intended) seemed really cool. I made a new friend tonight, both a patron and a cocktail! 

I HIGHLY recommend this place for dates, and everything else (anyone want to go with me?!) 

Enjoy!
This place is great. I will not lie when we first pulled up to the parking lot I was second guessing myself. I knew very little about Herbs & Rye other than the good reviews on Yelp. 

The menu was great and the drink selection was even better. I had the Rib Eye and my wife had the flank steak. Both were great. What really made this place great other than the food and service was the drinks. This is only the second place in the last 2-3 years that actually new what a Moscow Mule drink was. They also served it the correct way in a copper mug. 

I will make this a must stop every time I visit Vegas. Thanks Herbs & Rye and best of luck.
Well, I went and tried Herbs & Rye again while taking my newly legal 21 yr. old son on a cocktail tour of cool Vegas hangouts.  The first two times I went I was impressed with the care and creativity but the service was really not helping.  This time......wowza!

So we go in and it's vewwwy vewwy quiet.  I see the sign that Social Mixology is there on Tuesdays and wtf? How come I didn't know that? As a fan of Mixology I try to keep up to date so I was kinda bummed that I missed it.  

The brick walls, arches, secret doorways and dark woods really create that feeling of a 1920's speakeasy. We don't have one of these in Vegas so great idea guys!

We sit at the bar and as we are deciding what to order the bartender comes around the bar to help.  Now my son seems like a fan of mixology already so he starts questioning the bartender about what kind of cocktail can be made with Hendricks gin.  And the ball starts rolling....

The menu is divided up into eras (interesting).  And the focus is on classic cocktails.  Little did I know classic cocktails were so creative!  Everything I was looking at on the menu was original to me (except for a few of course like the Sidecar and the Manhattan).  I have been missing out on the tasty creativity of cocktails created almost a hundred years ago.  OMG!  And here I was thinking newly created cocktails were the best taste wise.

The bartender (and dang, I forgot his name but he also owns the place..why am I thinking it's Tally) was absolutely the most informed, educated, well spoken mixologist I have come across so far.  He took the time to really explain the types and origins of the creations.  He answered our questions as if they weren't so ignorant.  I felt like I had just been to a mixology seminar.  Wonderful!  So as he was talking he was creating my drink..lighting a jalapeno on fire in a glass with something else in it so that the whole cup was full of a blue flame, mixing liquids into the shaker glass, muddling, as if he was some sort of crazy genius mixologist chemist.  Fun to watch I tell ya!  He was making the Herbs & Rye, the bartenders twist on a classic.  If you order the Herbs & Rye you will get a surprise every time.  I am up for that for sure.  A basic description of this cocktail would be that it tasted like a Fresca with a bite.. very refreshing!

After my son tried a classic version of the Sidecar (nice and lemony with the cinnamon sugar rim) he wanted to get a bit more creative.  So my curious yet assertive little boy (ok, ok, I'm a mom and he will always be my baby) asked the bartender/owner dude (dang I'm gonna figure out his name!) to create something for him using Hendricks gin.  Supposedly the cucumber flavor of Hendricks gin has a different quality to it and can be difficult to create with.  Well, the concoction he created has to be patented it was so good!  He started by muddling fresh strawberries, adding some secret syrups and bitters and other ingredients to end with an amazing creation.  Let's just say, my 21 year old is hooked.  He was trying to get the bartender to write the recipe down.. "we don't write recipes down" says the mixologist.  Oh well, I guess we will just have to visit again.

My second creation was the Basil Monk (which for some reason I was calling Basil Milk and it took a few minutes for the bartender to figure out what the heck I was talking about).  I had this drink before and wanted to try it again.  The bartender did a darn good job of muddling some basil with syrup of some sort with sugar with Chartreuse and whatever else this crazy chemist was adding to come up with a glowing light green tasty tasty cocktail!!!  I loved that there weren't big chunks of basil, just the juice of the herb, the infused flavor and a beautiful color.

As for the food.  We ordered the mediteranean flatbread (which I ordered before) and it was very good.  With feta and greens on a crispy yet light and soft flatbread it did the trick for giving us something to keep the buzz down.   Because when you are on a cocktail tour, that's kind of the priority..keeping the buzz manageable.

Now I would give the place 41/2 stars but I don't see that option.  I am going to have to focus on the food more next time to see if improvements have been made re: portions, quality and price.  And believe me, there will be a next time.

Good job everybody! Keep up the good work!
Were you around during Prohibition and do you miss the drinks of that era? The answer is most likely no, since you'd have to be in your eighties or nineties to remember it and I don't think anyone that age reads my blog. If you never had the chance to experience the drinks popular during prohibition and would like to, however, I suggest you go to Herbs and Rye. Not for the food (definitely not for the food), but for the drinks, which are terrific. In fact, you're not limited to drinks that were popular during Prohibition, but can enjoy the whole American history of drinking from the "Gothic Age of American Drinking" (1775-1865) to it's "Revival" (1990-present). No matter what you choose I'm sure you'll be happy. I've tried three, the Frisco from the Gothic Age (I don't even like whiskey), the Scofflaw from Prohibition (I don't like bitters), and the Diablo from the Reform years (gotta love tequila). Each has been exceptional, but I don't review cocktails, I review food.

My husband and I have now been to Herbs and Rye three times. We were disappointed the first time, somewhat less disappointed the second. In fact, we walked out after drinks and calamari the first time when we were with my parents because it took forever to not get our food. You might be asking yourself, "Why would you go back a second time, let alone a third time ?" Well, there are several reasons.

1) We had been anticipating the opening of a new restaurant ever since they closed and we saw a new sign go up (though, that's really just a reason to try it a first time, I suppose).
2) Every new restaurant deserves a chance to work out the kinks.
3) It's close to home.
4) We hadn't yet had a chance to try their 50% off happy hour, and 50% off food is great way to get you back in the door. (5-7PM and late night, M-F)

The meal always starts out fine. The drinks, as I mentioned, are spot on, and the bread is good, made all the better by sweet honey butter. The servers are pleasant, but then you order, and you wait...and wait. I understand the time it takes to make the cocktails (browns stirred, whites shaken) but there is no excuse for the food taking so long when there are a maximum of two other tables. The calamari ($7.50 with happy hour, pictured above) this time was much better than the first, so I was glad to see the improvement. The idea was good (peperoncini, crispy pancetta, and aoli drizzle) but somehow it ended up as a fairly uninteresting salty mass. Perhaps I am being too harsh. It wasn't so bad, and the portion was large, if you like that kind of thing. I suppose the most disappointing aspect was that it was a vast improvement. A long while after it left our table we got our Vitello a la Fiorentina, a veal T-bone ($18 with happy hour), which wasn't a T-bone at all. Our waiter admitted he had forgotten to tell us that the chef had changed it to a chop, which would have been fine if it was good, but it wasn't. Although it was cooked well, I don't think we were able to get more than six decent bites out of it that weren't ultra-fatty between the two of us. The mashed potatoes underneath weren't hot and didn't have enough butter, and the asparagus was completely void of seasoning. Forget about the "caramelized lemon" and white bean ragout, if you can even call it that. If we'd been paying the full price of $36 I definitely would have complained. What am I saying? I complained anyway. The chef took it off the bill, almost making me feel bad for being so negative in this review. Alas, a critic's job isn't always an easy one.

The chef truly isn't the only one to blame for the imminent demise of this restaurant, however, the decorator is. The dining room is supposed to make you feel like you are in old Vegas, but falls short in every way. The red felt wallpaper, fake leather booths, tiny chandeliers, cheap silverware and fake bookcases all add to the depressing ambiance. The worst, above all, is the music. It is more outdated than the drinks and is truly nauseating. I mean, I'm sure "Suwannee River" had it's day but it's 2010 now. Ian put it well. "I think I'm going to slit my throat with this butter knife if I have to listen to this anymore." "Wait!," I said, "Let me finish that honey butter first."

Overall, I'm not sure the 50% off menu even makes it worth coming here. I would truly like to see this restaurant continue to make improvements because they have a really great thing going with the bar. It would have been smarter of them to open up a much smaller place that focused on great drinks and served a few exceptional tapas, rather than investing $1.6 million in this huge, boring place (the young new owner unfortunately invested everything he had). My suggestion is to stay in the bar and order the drinks. Order lots of drinks, that way the music probably won't bother you as much. Who knows, you may even start singing along.
The service was excellent. The portions my-sized. If only the prices were a tad lower, however, they do a happy hour that they say is everything the same but the prices in half. So until I make it there for happy hour they will just be missing that elusive fifth star. 

I loved the decor and the ambiance and apparently the bar is pretty happening? I can't say that for sure as I have to go by what they told me :)
Misti Y had told me a lot of good things about Herbs and Rye before my trip to Vegas so I was pretty excited when she picked me up from the airport and we headed here immediately for happy hour.

They have some pretty awesome classic cocktails here including Moscow mules served in the copper cups and French 75s. The bartenders have a lot of fun crafting these drinks and as a patron I had a lot of fun drinking them.

Misti and I also shared a couple of snacks to offset the liquor including a big mixed green salad that had bacon croutons. Um, yum! The other food we had was a Mediterranean flatbread that came with a blended spinach spread instead of tomato sauce, feta cheese, black olives and artichoke hearts. I really like the unique flavors of food and drink at Herbs and Rye so I can see why Misti is such a fan. I'd definitely come back on my next visit to Vegas and try more of what they're offering here.
I am really so hopeful for Herbs & Rye but I can't seem to get the consistency to keep the stars going.  One day it's a meh drink, the next awesome, the next good, the next meh.  I don't know what it's gonna take to get the consistency but please oh please find a way!  I love the concept and effort and passion.
The happy hour here is awesome. 8 bucks for a bowl of calamari that I cannot finish. AWESOME! The Mediterranean flat-bread pizza is half priced too and is again huge and amazing.

If you can make it here for a happy hour of if you get their and it's dinner time. You'll get plenty of food for your dollar. So enjoy!
I attended a fabulous Yelp elite event at H&R last night, but I'll base my review on a dining experience last week. The stand out feature of Herbs and Rye is really the atmosphere. The velvet wallpaper, copper walls, the cheesey electronic piano guy. I love it ! It was relatively empty on a Saturday night and quiet enough to carry on a conversation - my kind of place ! 

I tend towards the more girly on my drinks so I can't say the drink list was particularly appealing to me. That being said, if you're a rye drinker (as the name implies!), you'll love the drinks here. My Hemmingway daquari was decent, but not a drink I'd drive across town to drink again. 

As many have mentioned - the Happy Hour is insane. I love the fact that it goes till 8 PM (note, the Yelp hours are currently wrong at the time I'm writing this review). Tons of great food options on the HH menu:

*Chicken cordon bleu ($8) - chicken itself was deilghtful but the risotto it was served with was the worst risotto I've ever had ! It had a scoop shape like it had come out of a mold and it was really dry. Honestly good risotto shouldn't hold a mold shape, it should pool in a puddle of goodness on your plate. Minor detail.
*Ribeye ($15) - served with choice of 2 sides. Ribeye itself was very tasty. No, for $15 you're not getting the type of steak served at Cut, but it blows every other "discount" steak I've had in this town out of the water. Again the sides here weren't all that special. Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. Wouldn't pick either of those again despite those being my normal favorites. 
*On a sidenote I did try the flatbreads at the Yelp elite party and those were fabulous - even cold . I'll have to try one of those next time.

Served with dinner was delightful bread with the coolest butter I've ever encountered. It was honey butter with chives and parsely . Sounds gross, but the flavor worked for me. It was so intriguing ! 

Overall a great experience was awesome service. Fun atmosphere, great for a date or a group of friends. If they could get their sides up to snuff this is a 5 star place for sure.
Came here for the Elite Yelp event but came early to scope it out.

Ordered up a Blackthorne which was made with Sloe Gin,Vermouth, Gomme, lemon, bitters,and orange bitters. It was wonderful with lovely aromatics (I tend to smell everything as I taste- habit that a server remarked on since I look like I was enjoying it more because I smell and slowly sip) and the flavors were wonderfully fresh and balanced. You cannot taste the alcohol- it is deceiving smooth and fruity but is very strong. I think it's a new favorite. I have seen this oldtime recipe book in my book collection with this, but it's not like you can really find Sloe Gin at the store to do it up at home.  Got talking with the bartender "G"/Gerard while he was making up my drinks and he explained that they get some rarities and obtain the alcohols they need to make the drinks (most places get stocked by a sole distributor, but they obviously are not "in bed" with any distribution). I can really appreciate a labor of love in obtaining the finest spirits, making juices by hand, quality grenandine, quality old school bitters and only using fresh, quality produce for the drinks or it's not going to be on there. 

I had to have another drink. Stupid since we had open bar at the Elite event, but I had to try up the Aviation which is Gin, Lemon, Creme de Violette and Maraschino cherry.  Gerard said that it had violet flower essence in it and I was sold. Not a drink everyone will like, but I love flower and herbaceous flavors so this was all me and complex even with such simple ingredients I'm so used to seeing a bright red big cherry most cocktails and ice cream sundaes that when he took out the dark small cherry I had to ask "what is that?" before he dropped it in. Yeah, just a old school cherry can be amazing to me when as small details showing the love involved into their drink program. 

Yelp Elite Event was great! It was packed and even though Gerard and Mike were the only two bartending they were churning it out. Mike explained that some people even told him to skip corners like skipping the blackberry garnishes on  "The Yelpie"/Blackberry Bramble, but he insisted to keep on par with their standards and not skip anything as it cheats out people of the experience. I like that level of commitment to their craft and good because the blackberries were deliciously fresh. Food was good- had to be a vulture to obtain, but got my table hooked up with some wings, a steak& arugula flatbread and a Mediterranean flatbread.

Now the night after the Yelp event, the BF and I left a club (Encore Beach Club) and wanted to get a bite to eat. He missed the party so we came for HH 12am-3am. They had a menu that showed select 50% off items and other items that had a discount on them for HH, but not quite 50%. It was a decent selection, but went with the calamari ($9-1/2 off) and some duck&sausage gumbo ($10 normally $15). Yes, I came from a club, but also grabbed up a Moscow Mule which was vodka, lime and ginger beer ($9- regular price). Other than simple well drinks, I don't really trust club cocktails  because it's usually quantity out over quality control....it was open bar for the club opening so it was bananas busy and they dont care on quality since it's free. Good- still some leeway to have some better libations here! I think $9 is reasonable for a quality drink....what do I get for $9 at a club? A soda. 

Moscow Mule was refreshing and lovely for the summer heat! The gumbo did have a good roux base. Wanted it spicy but maybe next time I'll ask to make it hot hot heat! The calamari is seriously amazing- best calamari ever. It had prosciutto crumbles, cherry pepper aoli and banana peppers. I was reaaaallly doubtful about the banana peppers and the fact they squirt on only a little bit of sauce, but it packed a wonderful, big flavor punch. Will be getting calamari here til I burn out for sure. The portions too are nice- we were definitely content sharing the two.

Best part of the night though was the conversation. The BF and I talked with Mike for like 2 1/2 hours! We talked randomness from music, to botanical gardens, to food, to California childhoods to tattoos to  traveling to old school and secretive Vegas. It was really cool and chill that we didn't realize we were sitting there that long.  I don't know if it's just me, but I tend to want to go to bars where I relate with the staff well if I'm there to take my time and enjoy my drink. Drinking is enjoyment and not a speed sport to get wasted for me so I need a great environment where I like the people, vibe (hip hop ambient instrumentals playing)  and decor. 

He also showed up a book of the before and after this space from the Mexican place that inhabited it. Mike explained that they did all the work into the place themselves so it was definitely their home and their "baby". 

Well, boys, I think I found my "home" of sorts here too- definitely will be one of the herbs planted at the bar and taking root.
Herbs & Rye is my vibe in a nutshell and reminded me of my time spent at the Downtown Cocktail Lounge and Vic & Anthony's steakhouse.  It has a very 1920's feel with the bartenders' and servers dressed old school and the decor and lighting speakeasy-ish.

I personally love this vibe and often wonder how a city like Las Vegas has such few places that carry this in comparison to the old school steakhouses and restaurants that built this town with that flair.  

Overall, the service was outstanding, with the exception of them being severely understaffed.  The bar shook, squeezed, and stirred cocktail after cocktail until everyone seated and standing were satisfied.  The flatbread they brought out was tasty and all I can say is I cannot wait for my return visit.
Superb service, superb quality, posh atmosphere...and happy hour specials too!

What we ordered:

*Drinks*
Ward Eight - A cocktail with Rye Whiskey, Lemon, Homemade Grenadine.
Sierra Nevada draft.
Heineken bottle.
Bottle of Imported Still Water.

*Salad*
Arugula Salad - Anybody that is brave enough to serve Arugula (the forgotten lettuce) is okay by me. A fresh blend of Arugula, vinaigrette, freshly fried potato chips, croutons, shaved hard cheese, and other wonderful ingredients. Superior quality, superior flavor.

*Entrees*
Gnocchi - OMG! It's the comfort food of anybody with Italian exposure at all. So easy to do wrong, this potato dumpling dish is served just right (not too soft, not too hard). Accompanied by a Chianti meat sauce, you'll wonder why you don't eat here more often! It was *that* good.

Lasagna - The same Chianti meat sauce layered between noodles adorned and respected by sauteed mushrooms and Bchemel (white) sauce. Superior texture, Superior flavor. OMG! The flavor. Again, comfort food heaven.

16 Ounce Ribeye (Medium Rare) - Perfectly prepared gorgeous hunka cow which I chose to be escorted by (get this) Jalapeno Cream Corn and Steamed Asparagus. Superior preparation, superior combination of flavors, superior quality of the moo-moo. Perfectly prepared steak. I mean...perfect. Yeah...perfect. I said it: perfect.

*Dessert*
Molten Chocolate Cake-graced with drizzled chocolate sauce on the plate, sprinkled with chocolate flakes, and lusted after with a modest scoop of chocolate-chip ice cream, this was decadent.

Notes-
The teamwork exemplified in this up-and-coming star of the Las Vegas Culinary Scene is, without a doubt, an example by which all restaurateurs can learn. The service is beyond comparison, it was that good. Only bested by another notorious speakeasy up the street a few blocks on Sahara that is my mother's favorite restaurant :) 

The sheer science that goes into creating the historical cocktails, gastronomic delights, and huge attention to detail, quality, and textures is nothing short of a herculean effort by the team at Herbs and Rye. Clearly, this is a restaurant that deserved support and patronage...if nothing else for their luxurious and opulent decor, modest happy hour pricing, and high-school-girl-crush portions (you know, the longing stares with hormones flaring just looking at it?).

And the piano-playing crooner is a nice touch!

If you are driving from The Strip, it's best to take Spring Mountain west (up) to Arville, turn north (right) on Arville to Sahara, and then double back east (down) on Sahara to just before you get to Valley View. Herbs and Rye is on your right just before the gas station on the corner.
The perfect restaurant to enjoy a delightful meal.  Excellent food, service, location, and price especially during happy hour!  Who could ask for more?!  

The location is off the strip but not too far which works well for both tourists and locals.  It is fairly easy to find, too.  I never have problems with parking, which is a plus.  

You're immediately greeted by the host and seated with little to no wait at all.  They have a private seating area, bar area seating, and a dining area as well.  

The interior and decor has a great Italian old school vibe to it.  The bathroom (yes, I have to review that, too) is well maintained and beautiful.  

Outstanding menu with non alcoholic and alcoholic beverages to choose from.  Their appetizer, entree, and dessert selections are great and vegetarian friendly also.  The calamari and rib eye are my all time favorite.  Great presentation!  Food quality is phenomenal!  Portions are great!  The waiters are knowledgeable.  Wait time for food is acceptable.  

Our server was very attentive to refilling our drinks and asking how things were.  The bill is brought out when you're ready to pay.  You don't feel rushed at all.  Very pleasant staff!

If you're looking for great Italian food, this is definitely the place to eat!
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  No cocktails on happy hour menu. They discontinued one of my favorite pastas ever.

LIKE  The spaghetti and meatballs. The music. The atmosphere. The Aviation cocktail. Our mixologist Gerardo AKA the General Manager.

LOVE  The (now-discontinued) Crabonara. The lasagna. Happy hour. The Moscow Mule.
Went here for dinner tonight as the boyfriend and I were starving. We were promptly seated and after asking our waiter a few questions about the food, we ordered a couple items. 

I have to say though, I had some sticker shock. $17 for a small/medium-ish plate of plain fettuccine alfredo?! Really?! And Matt said it ended up being $19 because they made a mistake on the bill and he didn't want to contest it -.- 
It was decent, but the cream sauce better have been milked from virgin unicorns because there is no way it was worth that much. I can get a giant plate of the best fettuccine alfredo in town for $14 at Casa Di Amore. This place, even though the ambiance was lovely and the service was spectacular, the food was no Casa Di Amore.

Matt ordered the red, green, and white pizza. This thing was as big as the menu and $10 - not bad. It tasted okay, but I'm not a huge ricotta cheese fan so it lost me there, but overall it was flavorful.

The service was amazing, the surroundings were lovely, but the food was not up to par. It tasted fine, but once the bill rolled around - yikes. I would probably come back during happy hour but that's about it.
Ok it's been a while since I've posted but I think I'm ready... (cracking knuckles) here we go. 

AM and I needed find a place for diner before going to the Sting concert. Both of us heard good things about Herbs and Rye so I called an hour before and they had room, excellent.

Arrived and exterior looks like a classy bar. Walked in and was seated promptly. Looking at the menu, they didn't have the Mushroom Panzerotti that that was on the website menu. No problem, ordered the Linguine & Clams. The clams were really good as they were still in the shell so really fresh. I really liked the flavor of the clam juice with the wine, garlic and chili. Only thing that was disappointing was the pasta was overcooked. I like my pasta soft but it was like baby food. Didn't order dessert as we were on our way to a show. 

I would come back for drinks but not for dinner.
Yikes, this joint is expensive.   Appetizer, dinner and a hand-crafted cocktail for 2 = $120.  

That being said.....YUM!!!  Arugula salad LOADED with crispy prosciutto (aka bacon) and huge chunks of fennel...10 points.  Crab cakes were light and fluffy with little tomato strips woven in (interesting).   Date commented that the asparagus was the best he'd ever had...and my prosciutto-wrapped salmon was pretty decent.  One culinary ding:  elbow noodles + yellow sauce doesn't = mac 'n' cheese.  Fix that or take it off the menu.

Enough about the food, you'd come here for the drinks.  They have a clever menu that gives a history of each drink.  My friend enjoyed a Moscow Mule...I tried (and loved) the Blood in the Sand...Rudy Valentino's drink.  The best part? Our waiter/mixologist lit my damn drink on fire...and wow - that made for a tasty libation...that seemed to get even more yummy as I neared the bottom of the glass.  Bravo!
Superb service. Superb quality. Appropriate pricing (PLUS HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS). The best undiscovered restaurant, in my opinion, in Las Vegas today.

My experience at this restaurant is fantastic. First served by Ronnie, then another time served by Eddie, there is a clear expectation of high-class, 20% tip, exemplary service here. And the quality of the food is incredibly high. What I ordered this time:

Lamb Chop Appetizer. 
French Fries.
Jalepeno Creamed Corn.
Flan.

This incredible hearth-style artisan bread is served before anything else, with a gorgeous whipped butter.

And...the...service...was...great. Get it?

The most remarkable thing about this restaurant is the attention to detail. That scores really, really high in my book. From the incredible desserts (and I'm talking Whoa! Awesome! Incredible), to the historical cocktails, to the Happy Hour pricing (plus the Anti-Happy Hour pricing from Midnight-3am for the late shifters)... it's like somebody said "Hey, you know that real up-tight guy that is terribly critical of every last little thing? Let's open a restaurant for THAT guy"...and they did.
Apparently there are two Herbs and Rye - the one that people seem to love here on yelp, and the one I went to, which sucked.  Strangely enough, they are in the same building, so good luck getting the good one if you go there.

Everything from the ambiance to the service to the quality of the drinks was poor the night we went there.  Supposedly that is not the typical experience; so I may try it out again....

Problem 1: the bar booth tables have no leg space, so 4 of us were uncomfortable in a booth that appeared to be quite large.

Problem 2: the service was terrible.  The waiter took our drink order, and came back 15 minutes later to take a second drink order for our friends.  I inquired about where our drinks were and he then realized he never put in our drink order.  When we finally got drinks (25 minutes after ordering in a very empty bar), he spilled half of my friend's drink and one of the other drinks was only about 2/3 full.  (He did not offer to bring her a new one.)

Problem 3: The drinks did not taste very good.  They were OK, but not the awesome deliciousness that I was expecting.  Also, there are no prices on the drink menu, and there are wild rumors flying about town that drinks cost $20-30 each.  (They do not, they were all $9, which was the only reason I was not totally angry).

I've had similar cocktails at other mixology establishments that were much better... just more balanced.  These all seemed to have one taste (bitter, sweet) that overwhelmed the rest of the drink, which I think should be a more subtle combination of flavors that enhance one another, not clash for dominance.

Problem 4: The place has a lot of potential ambiance, but at some point they just cranked up the top 40 radio, which is not very "speakeasy."

The only food we ordered was the (vegan! yay!) sweet potato tots.  I really liked these, and that's why this place is getting two stars instead of one.  That and b/c the drinks were only $9.
Herbs & Rye reminds me of a speak easy. Very dimly lit, like you don't want to be seen. The first time we went, it was so dim, my bf's mom needed a flashlight to view her menu. 

I've gone twice and had the same server both times, Ronnie. He was very patient with my demanding party. One of the ladies in our group wanted to customize a drink (when they already have a long list of super special specialty cocktails) and wanted A-1 for her filet. So anyways. 

This last time we went, everything took a really long time. I'm not sure if it was our server's timing or if the kitchen was slow. Either way, I think it was a fluke because our first experience was fine. 

I think a dinner here is in the $25-40 range. 

We went during happy hour. During happy hour, it's -50% from well drinks and select items from the menu. My party of three each got a half-off entree. 

Beginning with the cocktails. Their specialty cocktails are crafted with a history of alcohol in the US in mind. The cocktail menu is listed with era in mind (the Golden Years of Drinking, Prohibition, Reform, etc), with the liquors and garnishes relevant to the drink. Very nice. I got the Aviation, an herbal recipe of gin, creme de violette, and lemon. (By the way, I don't know how much the cocktails cost because someone else grabbed the tab both times I was there). 

They have a full bar and also serve Le Grande absinthe. 

The menu is American traditional and very small. I had the Fettucine Alfredo ($12, $6 during happy hour). It was pretty basic. Really nothing special. I also had a Caesar's salad with salmon ($11). Likewise, it was a basic dish. One thing that struck me, though, was the dressing had anchovy in it and it was like, the first thing that hit my palate. It was good (I love anchovies), just the right blend. 

My mom got a nine ounce filet ($25, $12.50 happy hour) and my bf got the 17 ounce ribeye ($26, $13 happy hour). He ordered it rare and got a medium rare. All of the steaks come with a choice of two sides: Button Mushrooms, Jalapeno Cream Corn, Asparagus, Garlic Mash, Truffle Mac and Cheese, Crispy fries, Sweet Potato Tots. Might I recommend the tots? They are, how would you say, exquisite. 

For dessert, we shared a caramel flan. It was a little different from other flans I've had. It was a little less custardy and almost cakey. Like cheesecake.

For the three entrees, a salad, a dessert, and six cocktails, the tab came out to about $100. Not bad. 

The ladies bathroom is disproportionately large compared to the rest of the joint. Two stalls and kind of ill decorated. 

But the restaurant is nicely done to continue the speak easy or Roaring 20's feel. The restaurant is partitioned in to two sections: the front and the bar. Next to the bar, there are about six semicircle booths facing the bar (and the flat screen tv's ... smart). 

* off the strip, non-casino
The cocktails here are amazing, next visit had the food... WOW! The service is awesome drinks where great and the happy hour prices are amazing!!
I've only been here once, so I'm going straight to the 5 stars, but I have nothing negative to say about this place. It's awesome!! Granted I had the happy hour menu items, so pricing wasn't an issue as those are some good deals, but I could see a dinner getting a little pricey here. Still the service, cocktails, and ambiance make it worth it. 
I had the wings and beef carpaccio, the wings were fine good flavors and crispy, but the beef carpaccio was AMAZING, loved every bite. Perfectly thin slices covered in a truffle mayo drizzle on a bed of arugula, sign me up!! 
Then I drank a Moscow Mule, the most perfect summer cocktail ever, and the glass it comes in is kind of cool too. I also had the Hemingway daiquiri, also very good but I must say the Mule was my favorite.  
The tv's behind the bar were playing TCM's (and 16 candles was on) and the History channel, very entertaining to watch while sipping on some drinks.  Our bartender was the owner, and he couldn't of been nicer, very attentive and still took time to chat up his patrons.
 I will definitely be coming back here to enjoy some more cocktails during their amazing happy hour.
Best Happy Hour Ever!!!

Located not too far from the strip (like 5 to 10 minutes away) great place for locals and tourist. Lots of parking!

My friends and I have been here lots of times because it's one of our favorite restaurants. Also, it is a great place to bring your family because they have lots of seating and kid friendly. They also have a private area if you want to throw a party. Great place to go on dates because the lighting is dim and great music! So far everyone that I have recommended this place to has never been disappointed. The service is excellent, they will never leave your glass empty. 

Happy hour is from 5PM- to 8PM and 12AM to 3AM(for you late night eaters), which is half off food menu which are the items with a star next to it! 

Must try Items:
Chicken Wings, Ribeye, Flatbread, Calamari, pretty much everything on the menu because yes it is that delicious!
Definitely a little gem!  Fantastic food, wonderful happy hour and certainly affordable.  This might be my new favorite!
The story you are about to read is true. This is old town, classic Las Vegas, Nevada. My name is Skacey, I carry twenty years of memories about the town the mob built.

This investigation starts at Kahunaville inside the TI. I ask the bottle slinger behind the bar about classic cocktails. My never ending quest for the perfect Sezarac leads the conversation to Herbs & Rye. According to his story, H&R is the place to find it.

8:23 pm. My partner and I are on east Sahara when we spot what appears to be a classic Vegas dive bar. Industrial plain building leads me to believe the trail may dead end here. Stepping through the door and we are greeted by a remarkably warm and inviting interior. We decide to sit at the bar to get the full experience.

Now I've spent more than my fair share in Vegas bars and eateries. I remember the Vegas of the 80's as the last whimpers of organized crime faded behind corporate greed. Herbs and Rye brings a classic, personal touch to service. Our bartender is a consummate professional with enough personal interaction to make you feel more than welcome. I would trade ten modern servers for one who studies the art of service like this gentleman.

The true test comes when I tentatively ask for a Sezarac, fully expecting to have to explain what it is and what's in it. Without missing a beat, the bartender asks about my preference on Rye Whiskey. I just about giggled with delight (yep, glance back at that profile picture and visualize giggling - quite a shocker, huh?)

The drink is exquisite.

For the food, I tried their Seafood Diablo and found it to also be inspired. Not to short the details on the food, but remember, I giggled through much of my meal.

The Good: Best Classic Cocktails, and Classic Service in Las Vegas
The Bad: Why does it have to be so far from my home town, Orlando, FL?
The Ugly: The outside of the building - really let it go, once you're inside, you'll forget all about it.
Went for happy hour this evening. Had the Blackthorne - BEST cocktail I've had in years. Amazing and indescribable. Carpaccio - we're getting two of these next time. Calamari, again, best ever - this is the way it should be. Gnocci was tasty, fluffy and they accommodated my request for added mushrooms. Was a good addition.

Happy hour - its not 50% off the whole menu, only a few items. The drinks were superb. They're starting DJ on Tuesday's early and late happy hour. I'll definitely be back!! Service was flawless.

**Only negative was the balsamic/oil on the tables for the bread. Just don't bother. They're not using a select version of either of those. I think that's an afterthought and what they're serving there isn't meant for the bread-dipping quality you'd expect. Everything else - top notch.
I went there when it just opened for a month or two. I was there maybe around 6 pm. It's been a while ago. But I still clearly remembered how disappointed I was. It took around 20 minutes for the server to take my order. And it took ONE AND HALF HOUR to get my steak. At least if my steak is juicy and tender then I can tolerate. But... the steak is like a cheap steak from your local grocery store. So chewy, I can't even swallow it, no juice at all. My friend also order a steak, same thing chewy like a rubber... especially $35 for two steak, so so so disappointed... 

Maybe it was only me, on the bad day at the wrong chef. But that experience will never ever bring me back to Herbs and Rye.
While living in LA, I found out that I love classic cocktails and, even more so, I love the atmosphere of classic cocktail bars. Before moving back to Vegas, I did my research, read the reviews, and decided that Herbs & Rye was my new favorite bar before I even visited! Unfortunately, it's not very close to my hood, so it took a couple months for me to make it over, but here is the lowdown:

Pros
*Cool cocktail menu with lots of classic drinks.
*Fair prices during regular hours.
*Awesome prices during happy hour.
*Free drink for yelpers every time you visit.
*Cool ambiance inside.
*Friendly bartenders who genuinely wanted to make us drinks we loved.

Cons
*Location. It's really not near anything else, so it's definitely inconvenient to go out there if you aren't either a resident of the West Sahara area or staying at the Palace Station.
*Crowd. As in, there was none. Why was it completely dead on a Friday night???

Overall
I'll be back to H&R to enjoy their cocktails and happy hour (maybe even to try the food?), but it's just too far to become a regular.
I came here last night for part 2 of Nelson Q's UYE. It was happy hour and we had GOOD TIMES!!

What I ordered:

3 - Moscow Mule $9 (3rd one from my boy Matt S and 1st one from H&R for Yelpers)
      vodka, lime, ginger beer
1 - Blue Moon $5
1 - Carpaccio $6
      thinly sliced beef, balsamic glaze, cherry pepper aioli, arugula
1 - Harlem (shot from Jieun L)

The Moscow Mule was very tasty. It was served in this cool mug. The Carpaccio was a little too salty. We wanted Jager shots but they didn't have it. The bartender suggested Harlem, which wasn't as good as Jager. 

I will mos def come back for the Ribeye during happy hour!
Since the Elite event I have dropped in a few times and even brought my friend here for her very first legal drink at midnight and dinner. If she's going to have a drink, I want it to be the best kind of drinks possible. She liked it so I was pleased with my idea of coming.

When I saw that we were going to UYE here, I had to go. I love this place and really what makes it for me is the love thats here and how the staff conveys their care into things. I adore Mike and Gerardo who are the keeper of the drinks, secrets and stories. 

Still lovely.

I tried the Brandy Crusta (Brandy, Maraschino, Orange curacao, Lemon, Barrel Bitter) which was lovely, fresh, a bit pungent and sweet. I think this is so far one of my faves other than the Blackthorne.

Also got a Hemmingway Daquiri (Rum, Maraschino, Lime, Grapefruit). My writing didn't get any smarter, but my palette did. The description seemed simple and like I would know what it was going to taste like, but it was rather surprising and different. It had a grassy earthy tone to it that came through. 

My goal is to try every single classic cocktail on the menu. 6 out of 19 so far. 

I got calamari because I like their take on here it. It wasn't as flavor packed as last time I had it.....it was more garlicky/herbaceous with it's sauce last time. Still good though. Batter is light, I love banana peppers and any kind of crispy pork product so it's a marriage of things I love.

The vibe is laidback and someplace where you can stay a while. I think the drink program is similar to  DCR so it's easy to try to compare them but I rather come here.  I won't be rushed out which I can feel they try hard to do when it gets busy at DCR. I don't see a personality there either- the bartender there is a bartender. Here they're Mike and G and you can get familiar with them. 

Like I said before, this is a place where I can take root at the bar waiting for my herbs&rye.
This is a review of their Happy Hour.

The Skinny: overall, the food's not bad - but could use some refinement (3.5) Service: pretty good but we also hit the Happy Hour as soon as they started (3.5) Value: not bad during Happy Hour but seems rather expensive during regular hours.

We walked into Herbs and Rye and immediately felt like we were in some sort of vampiric den. No windows, not much light, my hubby and I squinted as we tried to read the menus. Not to mention being blinded every time the door was opened.

We were seated promptly being the first ones there. We ordered an arugula salad, the gnocchi and the steak with a side of truffled mac 'n cheese.

The arugula salad was okay - but nothing special. The peppery flavour of the lettuce was rather unbalanced - requiring more acidity. It really needed something sweet to even those aggressive flavours out. Perhaps beets or fruit or something.

The gnocchi was delicious albeit it was slightly overcooked (I felt it was a little on the softer side). It was light and fluffy which is really hard to find. The ragu was also quite tasty and mellow. I didn't think that the gnocchi dish was improved with the addition of bacon and could do without it.

The steak was fine- cooked properly. The side of truffled mac 'n cheese was okay but not great. The sauce was a little too runny while the cheese overwhelmed the truffle flavour a bit.

Overall, the dining experience would rate a 3. Just the gnocchi alone would get a 4. So we'll average it and call it a 3.5 star review.
Walked down to Herbs and Rye after Island style for  Happy Hour and this place was packed.

Pretty good food, and great hand crafted drinks....the bone in ribeye was solid as was the sweet potato tater tots, but the desserts were a slight dissappointment.

The Chocolate Lava Cake wasn't even flowing and the "fresh batch" of doughnuts were straight up Pilsbury Biscuits that you can get at the grocery store(AKA Ghetto Malassadas as known by us Hawaiians)

go for the food and drinks, but I would think twice on the dessert...ALOHA!!!
Herbs and Rye owner Nectaly Mendoza has made every effort to authenticate the cocktail experience. Inspired by the "speakeasy prohibition" era and the history of the cocktail in general, along with old school Vegas mob culture, Herbs and Rye incites that mystery mob feel with it's After Hours popularity, and (I'll quote my cousin Jillian P.) "red felt wallpaper, fake leather booths, tiny chandeliers"... But just like Peppermill invokes the sentiment of  Las Vegas, Herbs and Rye does too- just not in the way we're all used to.

And even if there was a hint of Prohibition Pretension, it would be entirely valid. Gerardo De La Torre, Bar Manager and head Mixologist delivers exceptional cocktails, all true to the original recipes.  A 'bartender' is given the title of Mixologist when he/she has mastered the Classics of the past and is able to create new cocktails while deriving inspiration from these classics and pairing them with modern ingredients. That Mixologist will then take the title of Bartender rather than Mixologist when these abilities have been demonstrated. It's a serious profession, and coming from New York City, I realize that this isn't widely recognized or understood throughout Las Vegas.

My favorite cocktail of the evening was the Brandy Crusta; Maraschino Liqueur, Orange Curacao, Lemon,  and Bitters. But that's because I told Gerardo what I was in the mood for. ... Chances are, if you're not happy with the cocktail it's because you weren't accurately articulating your likes/dislikes, either that, or you don't know what you like yet! Which isn't a bad thing at all, because these are just the guys to help you figure that out. For example, I'm not a big fan of Manhattans, and I didn't explain this part, but I do like whiskey and brandy so I ordered "Remember the Maine"; Rye, vermouth, Cherry Brandy, Absinthe. This cocktail resembles a Manhattan in style- so it wasn't really my taste, but entirely precise in execution.

My favorite food item is The Calamari, and Im not usually a fan of calamari. It's unique, and not your typical dive bar version, I'm talking peppercini, pancetta, with a zesty lemon aoli drizzle. I really loved this !

An excellent addition to the menu if you are in the mood for dessert is their Hungarian Tokaji Wine 2005 vintage. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed. A melt in your mouth not too sweet Old World delicacy.

Service was attentive and outstanding. Thank you Eddie!

Herbs and Rye has emerged as a rare and authentic cocktail experience; an exceptional and exciting addition to the Las Vegas cocktail scene.
Customer service based. Great bar food. I would not come here for my anniversary dinner but I would definitely eat here multiple times a week for anything from a business dinner to god times with friends. Incredible cocktails and a fun old school Vegas ambiance. I can not believe they offer coupons on Restaurant.com but you might as well take advantage of them. Times must be tough. This is a consitant place and well worth your hard earned money.
I kinda hate all that makes Vegas Vegas, by which I mean what all the visitors to Vegas love to do: the bling, the hype, the lines, the crazy-partying-b/c-you-never-really-party-in-your-regular-life-so-you-have-to-blow-it-out-in-Vegas, etc. etc.

So I ventured away from the strip and found Herbs and Rye.  This place rocks - it's chill, has a great happy hour and has some pretty solid food.  The happy hour is from 5-8pm and then from midnight-3am so perfectly timed!

The location is pretty mellow but it's nice and spacious and the service is attentive.  Definitely a great spot to kick it and avoid the foolish tourists and their "woo"-ing!
Herbs and Rye has the destinction of being a wonderful purveyor of great crafted classic and modern cocktails.  Our waiter was very knowledgable and the service was good.  We went during happy hour and split a couple of half price entrees which made the evening rather inexpensive.   If you don't go during happy hour the food prices can really add up.  The food was good, we had a steak and the gnocci both of which were quite tasty.  The vibe of the place is laid back and comfortable.  If you're a cocktail drinker, then this place is right up there with the Artisan and the Downtown Cocktail room.
Hole in wall I was really impressed with. Never would of went without a friend taking me there. Drinks were unreal and very unique with drinks from the late 1800's to early 30's. Chicken Cordon Bleu was good. The service was a little bad. Luckilly it was not busy and I was not in a hurry.
I finally made it to Herbs and Rye!  From the outside, I was not sure this was going to be my kind of place.  Don't let the location and sketchy exterior scare you away.  Once you open the doors, it's like stepping in to another city.  My favorite thing about Herbs and Rye is that it is very different than any other bar I've been to in Las Vegas.  Very cool and dark and love the way it's decorated.  

The drinks were strong and moderately-priced, but to be honest, I was not as impressed with the happy hour food menu.  I expected the majority of the menu to be 50% off and that wasn't the case.  The things I wanted, Bruschetta and Calamari, were not 50% off but I got them anyway.  And I'm glad I did.  Both great and far better than I expected from bar food.  The service was really great too.  We met the owner while we were here, and he seemed like a cool dude.  Gave us some of the history of the place.  I don't love Herbs and Rye yet, but I will definitely come back here to give it another shot.  Very cool, unique place.
Kind of an odd experience here and I don't know what to make of it.  I'm trying to find a decent, old-school cocktail place in this town.  We had heard good things about this place so decided to check it out.  Some friends of ours wanted to go out, too, so we met them there on a Thursday night around 7 or 8pm.

Our friends got there before us and when we walked in and saw them, they looked really freaked out.  They were the only people in the dining room sitting at a table with an old man in the corner playing the keyboards.  Kinda reminded me of Swingers (the movie), except the fact that the place was empty.   No one in the dining room and a few people at the bar.

When we sat down, our friends kept whispering how weird the place was.  We ordered some drinks and our friends had already got some food, which was ok but nothing special.  The drinks were also ok but nothing special.  Maybe I've been spoiled by my trips to NY and SF and need to just accept the fact that LV will not reach that level.  I ordered a mint julep but it didn't come in the special metal cup, which made me sad.  Accurate glassware is important to me.  My husband thought the Moscow Mule was ok, but not enough to come back.

The keyboard guy then decided to come over and talk to us.  He was pretty much incomprehensible.  I'm not entirely sure what he wanted.  The place is fairly inexpensive but it kind of creeps me out.  I can't really expect much out of a late night (24-hour?) bar in this town.  Oh well, the search for an excellent cocktail in Vegas continues.
Note; this is based upon only one recent visit on 11/19/201 for an early dinner.

The half price steaks were great! I had the Flat Iron steak with the Truffle Mac & Cheese as my side. The steak was as tender as expected for a Flat Iron steak...no fat or gristle and it did not have that "cheap-n-nasty" steak taste. I did not require any extra sauces as the steak was very delicious, I suspect they brine or marinade their steaks. It was very well flavored. 

The Truffle Mac & cheese was good, but honestly, I did not taste any Truffle (oil), but this is common for me when truffle oil is used (I may have a bit of an insensitive tongue for this particular ingredient. 

The half price menu comes with only one side, but these are quite large and if you are with another person there is plenty to share. My partner had the Jalapeno Corn as his side. As a rule, I hate creamed corn...... but not not this version, it was Very delicious! No heat from the chilies, just a mild, wonderful flavor. Really, a very impressive side dish. 

One note: my partner thought that everything was a bit over-salted. I love salt, so it did not bother me (however I did not add any additional salt)....but those who have concerns over salt may want to be cautious. I do not know if this is a regular 'style' in their food or not.

Another note: while the interior is nice and relaxing, the main dining room is very dark. I would not wish to be seated there, I prefer tables in the bar area.

In sum, I will be back often as it is located right in my neighborhood. The few others I know who have also eaten here had very positive reviews as well.
This place has an amazing concept!!! The decor is a dark brick/vintage velvet wallpaper with chandeliers hanging in all rooms. The food is amazing..(I.e. beef carpaccio- cherry pepper aioli, balsamic glaze, topped with an arugula salad...to die for. not to mention all of the classic cocktails ranging from the year 1865 to present. if you want a phenomenal bar to come to with great food and wonderful staff..come to herbs and rye. Nectaly Mendoza as well as "G" are ready to make you whatever you want...literally. both phenomenal mixologists that can answer any questions to anyone's palate. I love this place!
Herbs and Rye offers an excellent happy hour twice a day: 5pm-8pm and 12am-3am.  Happy hour gets you 50% off certain food items, $5 wells and $3 drafts.  The other evening I enjoyed a 17 oz. bone-in ribeye and a side of jalapeno creamed corn...all for a delicious $13.00.  While it still makes for a good $26 entree (ordering this dish during non-happy hours gets you two sides instead of one), getting this for half price only sweetens the deal.  This is one of the better deals I've come across in a while.  Don't get dragged to a Station Casino looking for their late night steak and eggs;  this is the place to be!

The bartenders are the other stars here at Herbs and Rye.  They have been able to make all drinks that my friends and I have ordered without giving us a blank stare and asking, "What is that?"  This is a refreshing thing to see as compared to other establishments.  My friends have been very impressed by the drinks crafted here; I think they make good drinks, but nothing on their menu has really made my palate scream for more.  I'm perfectly happy ordering an Old Fashioned here, though, which I can't say about 90% of the other bars out there!

One nice thing that's happened recently is that all the video poker machines have been removed from the bar!  This makes for an even better place to grab a few drinks and a meal if your party is small enough to sit at the bar.  Nectaly has been a superb host, remembering customers and always asking customers how their experience has been.  Herbs and Rye is another repeat eat for me here in Las Vegas!
Herbs and Rye seems to be the last bastion of the creative mixology in Las Vegas.  At times, it almost seems like a school for young up-and-coming cocktail artists, marshaled by the seasoned head bartender.

The cocktail menu is refreshing in its focus on classic and prohibition era cocktails, but if you are in the mood for something more modern or unique, the bartender will mix you up something fancy and catering to your specific tastes.

The atmosphere is very calm and cozy, a great place to relax after dinner or to recover from a taxing experience in a more 'energetic' bar.  The music I can't quite remember, but I'd like to say it was Jazz.  All I do remember is that it was great background music for a conversation.

I hope the word spreads more for this spot, they deserve a place in the Las Vegas local's scene.
Had a little experience here the other night. Based on the reviews of other yelpers i ordered a Moscow Mule. the bartender whipped one up and it was, very anticlimactic. The bartender questioned my reaction and asked what was wrong a few times. Turns out the bartender that made the drink made the mistake of using tonic water instead of ginger beer because he's new and the bottle look pretty much the same. 

I was offered a replacement that was made properly and...yeah it's good totally different then what i was given before.

This place takes customer satisfaction seriously. I've never had any place this concerned for my satisfaction. 

Overall the bar is well stocked, and the happy hour deals are to be taken advantage of.

Havent tried the food due to a special event but it's on the agenda
Herbs and Rye is the place to go if you have a late night craving for some great food and don't want to eat fast food.  After midnight they have the Happy Hour which is 50% off select items on your menu.  I tried the gnocchi the first time I ate there and fell in love.  I know where to get my late night italian fix now when i'm craving it.  I also had the rib eye steak which was Delicious and cooked perfectly.  Not to mention it was one of the 50% off happy hour items.  I always get the sweet potato tator tots everytime i'm there.

The well drinks are also half off during happy hour.  If you want to try something different get the Russian Mule.  Its a citrus tasting drink with vodka and ginger beer served in a brass mug with crushed ice.  I tried one for the first time and it instantly became a favorite.    

Check this place out if you are on that side of town which is central Las Vegas, not too far from the strip.  Happy Hour specials are awesome.  Food is great.  Drinks are great.  And the history about place is kind of cool also, knowing that it used to be an old Mob/Gangster hang out back in the day.
Finally made it down to Herbs & Rye for their Happy Hour specials and I was very pleased with my experience. 

The atmosphere is pretty cozy and I would like to get a booth next time and settle in for a longer period of time. They have some pretty good Happy Hour specials. I can't wait to try their flatbread pizzas and steaks, but on this occasion I ordered the meatballs with chorizo and the sweet potato tots. We were just making a short pit stop here on our way to dinner so didn't get an opportunity to try all the menu items that I was craving. The meatballs were lovely. Delicious and spicy. The sauce was delightful and I was hoping for a roll or some bread to sop up the rest of it with, but the bartender claimed they were out. We tried to order the bruschetta as well, but were told they were out of that too, so I guess I have to believe him on the bread thing. The tots were ok. Pretty much exactly as you picture them. Sweet potato tater tots, so self-explanatory and not really worth further description. Pretty good on the whole though. 

Now for the drinks. At $5 a pop for well drinks they certainly treat you right. There was barely a hint of tonic in my vodka tonic, which I had a hard time downing at first, but was much easier with an extra lime and some food to make it go down easier. 

Great deal in general. I look forward to my next visit!
Tried the food.....


THIS PLACE SHOULD BE ILLEGAL!!

Went with a few buddies. Told them about this place and they gave me a 'meh' reaction. After the food came we were all just blown away. 
Cash to food ratio during happy hours are ment to be taken advantage of and provides a nice buffer of savings to try some items that arent on the happy hour menu.

The Steaks...
I got the rib eye my buddies got the flat iron. Honestly i thought the flat iron was better then the rib eye. The seasonings they used made that lesser cut of meat more flavorful and satisfying. 

The Sides...
 - Sweet Potato Tots
What? OH HELL NO!! nom nom nom OH #$%@#$ YES!!

- Asparagus 
What ever sauce they serve the asparagus in is just divine. Citrusy with buttery and savory. No clue what's in it but damn dont stop doing it.

-Garlic Mash
Best garlic mash i've never had. There might be better versions out there so far i havent experienced them yet.

The Rest...
- Little Neck Clams
Fresh tasting with a salty buttery herby liquid.

- Spicy Mussels
Holy...These were absolutely divine. I'd need poetry classes to describe these in detail. Served in a spicy basil and tomato sauce (at least i think it's basil and tomato). With some pasta this could be a dish of it's own.

- Wings
Some of the best damn wings i've had PERIOD crispy outsides with juicy insides. Large sized not those pansy things you get elsewhere. The sauce they use had visible seeds and flakes of chili. Spicy yet sweet. VERY nice
So it was a night of culinary adventures last Friday and I finally got time to yelp about it. It started off at Herbs and Rye, which I have driven past umpteenthousand times without even noticing. The inside is very swanky, almost a Rat-Pack feel, as if Sinatra should come out of the other room telling you to scram, you're in his seat. It's the kind of place where the booze is cold and the broads are hot. (Wow, I've been waiting FOREVER to use that line in conversation.)

The food was good. Maybe I was just looking at a bar menu, but the selection seemed to be kind of small. It seemed to be like: Appetizer, Flatbread Pizza, Big Fat Steak, the end. But I ordered the hot wings, which were satisfactorily spicy. I tried some of my friend's sweet potato tater tots, but wasn't sold on them.

But the drinks... oooh lordie. If you have more than two, be prepared to have a designated driver. I ordered a Long Beach Iced Tea, which when made right should have a subtle red/fuschia color to it. Too dark means it's a weak drink; too light means too much alcohol.

The drink came back and looked less like a cocktail and more like a serving of pink lemonade Crystal Light.

Needless to say, I only ordered one.

I'm not knocking the place. If I was invited back by friends, I'd certainly go. But for such a good first impression, it kind of fizzled out.
Man oh man, herbs and rye, you truly are a hidden gem. MORE PEOPLE SHOULD FREQUENT THIS PLACE because everything about this place is awesome. Why you must ask?

-The bartenders are truly very nice and are easy to start a conversation. Especially Mike.

-The food is spectacular. And it's a steal when you go there doing happy hour. I love their Truffle Mac n Cheese and their sweet potato tots. Yes, I said it. Sweet Potato Tots! I couldn't believe my eyes and my mouth either! And don't get me started on those HOLE-Y donuts! Sweet and delicious. I preferred the caramel sauce with it. 

-The ambiance was dark and sexy.  Low lights, candlelights, modern-victorian decor, I love the ceiling. Please look up for me! Cause it's so damn preettty!

-Their theme of the Prohibition is unique. Drinks all themed! Boo-yah! How creative can you get?
The best double happy hour in Las Vegas and the classic cocktails are the bomb !
Love this Place! Great drinks - try the Moscow Mule! Its so delicious! 
Prices are very good and I went on Monday night and there was cool house music spinning in the background. Was Great.
Officially my favorite place to relax and have a few drinks. They have a unique variety of drinks to choose from, all of which, at least of those I have tried so far, are very delicious. The food exceeded my expectations as well and I fell in love with the half-dollar sized clams. To top it off they play a great selection of music to keeps you there for hours!
this is my new favorite place to excitedly totter at 2am, my cab driver staring like a concerned father at the party that ain't stoppin, woot woot! 

the bartenders and crowd were all very chill, and few obnoxiously lost tourists were to be seen. reverse happy hour here is great, if you realize you haven't eaten all day or that you've had 10ish drinks and only wish to pay for one more. 

I had the long island iced tea, and my drunk-ass visiting friends had some food(finally!). of course they loved the food, but i can't comment. we spent essentially no $, thus i have to give the place 5 stars.
Fantastic old school drinks. Good grub. I've never seen it hoppin' but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Good little local gem.
I really liked the ambiance at this place, it has a slight gothic feel with dim lighting and velvet curtains. The music wasn't too loud so it was easy to have good conversation with our whole group.  The classic cocktails were interesting, but a bit pricey for a "locals" bar.

 The Carpaccio was good and had a decent portion size. The gnocchi was awesome, perfectly cooked with a hearty and flavorful sauce. The Flatbread was very flavorful and was a decent size. I wouldn't order the calamari again, as it was a bit too chewy and there wasn't much flavor. 

Over-all, this place has a low-key vibe and is a chill place to lounge, eat, and drink. Don't expect a high energy party bar or dancing.
After a hard week of work our friends suggested we go here because their friend was DJing.  It was a Saturday night and I was really looking for a good time that didn't involve...long lines!  Entering the building you are immediately surrounded by brick which is really unique in Las Vegas.  The sound of 90's hip hop was very welcoming!  We greeted the DJ and walked to the old bar that stretched to the back of the building.  On the other side of the bar were these beautiful booths and the wall was covered in a red antique wallpaper.  The wait staff is super friendly!  We had a couple shots and beer on tap.  The price of the shots were a little high but, for beer on tap for $4 wasn't bad at all.  We also ordered french fries.  They were a little pricey and they didn't give you more that an large order of fries from McDonalds.  After 12a they have a happy hour.  I would definitely recommend taking advantage of that cuase it's 50% off.  I give this place 3 out of 5 stars.  We will go again.  I would even love to go here for a birthday celebration.  Great place.
Herbs and Rye is a swanky prohibition style cocktail lounge west of the Las Vegas Strip. They have an impressive menu of hand crafted cocktails to choose from and a fantastic dining menu as well. The mixologists serve up old school cocktail classics as well as new creations based on older traditions. This venue is not for vodka lovers as the majority of cocktails are made with whisky and gin. The stiff drinks are served up in the correct antique glassware in a venue that looks reminiscent of a bar scene in a film noir. Wear a fedora to complete the experience.
This place has a really cool vibe.  First of all, it's pretty small if you're hanging out in the bar area, which I love.  Nothing exemplifies the Vegas bar experience more than a huge 10,000 square foot room with a rectangle bar in the middle of it with Cruddy bartenders pouring overpriced drinks.  This place is more out of Chicago or San Francisco than Las Vegas.  It's got a pretty dark old school vibe that I really like.  The bartender was happy to make suggestions for drinks, since we generally aren't gin/rye drinkers in my party.  Every drink we had was off the menu, no well drinks on this night.  They were all outstanding.  Didn't get a chance to try the food, but if it's as good as the vibe and the drinks it's got to be great.  

Looking forward to my next trip to try the food and more of the drinks.  

Short story, if you're into cool bars and despise the Designer/Summerlin Bar scene, this place is awesome.
Outstanding! Fantastic! Amazing! Delectable!

We couldn't be happier with our dinner experience tonight.  The decor is dark and rich like an old speakeasy.  We sat in a cozy booth by the bar.  Chandeliers, velvet embellished wallpaper, and candles.

We went for happy hour.  It runs 5 - 8 and again from 12 - 3.  $5 well drinks and $3 house draught irish red.  50% off select menu items.

We started with the fries to snack on.  They aren't part of happy hour; they were $5.  They were perfect.  Hot, perfectly crispy and seasoned to perfection with salt and pepper.  Each fry had a perfect coating.  

Next we had linguini and clams and 12 oz. strip steak with truffled mac and cheese.  It was all magical.  The linguini and clams was surprisingly spicy and flavorful. ($12.50) The steak was cooked a perfect medium rare and everything was seasoned perfectly.  The truffled mac and cheese was creamy and dreamy ($14.50).  The dinners were served with bread topped with balsamic butter.

Although they aren't part of happy hour, we partook in some of their signature cocktails.  I had the diablo, a tequila, cassis, ginger ale concoction, and hubs had the martinez, a gin maraschino, lemon mix.  Both we excellent and strong ($9 each).  We then each had the house irish red ($3).

Service was super friendly, and attentive.

Total bill - $60 ?!?!?  For an app, 4 drinks, and 2 entrees! amazing!
We would have paid full price but why when there is happy hour!

Can't wait to tell everyone and go back!
Get the Blackthorne to drink, the carpaccio and the Bistecca flatbread! I'm still fantasizing about these vittles, and want to go back for a re-deux. I'd get all these items again. Great service tops it all off.

Note: flatbreads used to be in the 50% happy hour section. No more. That bummed me out. Please, H&R, return the flatbreads to the happy hour menu. They're super tasty but more suited to the $5 range than $10, IMHO.
Herbs and Rye is a place that we always end up at, no matter where we started the night.  It pulls us back like a vortex.  And, honestly, I always have the most fun and best conversations with the people who frequent the place.

I love, love, love handcrafted cocktails.  Herbs and Rye has this nifty drink menu that goes back in time and tells you a little bit about the history of each "drinking era."  I have been able to try so many different cocktails and been introduced to drinks I had never heard of before.  My favorites: Bees Knees (refreshing and citrusy), Blood and Sand (careful, it involves fire!), Sazarac (puts hair on your chest), Ward 8 (can't think of a description!  Lame, I know!).

I hear all sorts of buzz about the happy hour and the food, but I've never eaten here, so I can't comment on that.  Truth be told, I always end up at the Ricos Tacos in the parking lot outside of Herbs and Rye!  But I should really try the food here if it's as quality as their drinks!

Thumbs up.
After hearing great reviews about Herbs and Rye, I finally made it here for a Happy Hour and a double date on a Friday night. The place wasn't packed for a Friday, but that was fine by me. We were seated in the corner booth right away. The server came and explained to us what the happy hour items were. He left and didn't come back for another 15 minutes.....I asked him what drink would he recommend for me and he said the Clover Club. (Gin, Lemon, Egg White and Grenadine....something like that, I wasn't a big fan so he traded me for a lemondrop martini instead). 

We ordered the Carpaccio, Spicy Mussels, Linguine and Clams and the Rib Eye with the Mac and Cheese. After the server put the order in, everything came out pretty quickly. The Spicy Mussels were really spicy...to spicy for this girl. The Carpaccio was yummy!!! I could probably eat that all night, but just a FYI it's not on the HH menu. I LOVE linguine and clams and I felt that Herbs and Rye did a good job, but it was too spicy for me. The fianc was not to happy with his steak as it was cold and tough to eat, so that was a disappointment. Overall, the food was good although I'm sure I had a stomachache from all the spiciness but it was worth it. For two drinks, two appetizers and two entrees for a total of 75 bucks, it's pretty reasonable. The Happy Hour menu is limited, but the linguine and clams was pretty delicious. We definitely will be back to try the flatbread.
Reminds me of New York inside.  I love the dark atmosphere.  I have to say is the historic cocktail menu where you can get drinks from certain time periods, starting from the early 1900s.  There's not much vodka in the early years for some reason, not sure why.  I'm terrible with history.

I wish I had come during happy hour, because it can get a little pricy.  The food is great though.  They have their own take on calamari which I recommend for everyone to get.  

Got the spicy mussels also, which I don't recommend as highly as the calamari, but still good.

I would def come here to hang out and have drinks, but more of a second choice for dining.
Okay so it's been a long azz time since I wrote a review.  This place made such an impression on me that I just had to get back on here and share.  Damn it's been over a year!

This place has that old school speakeasy vibe that I've been looking for (don't let the outside of this joint fool you)..... 

-dark lighting to set the mysterious and chill vibe right. CHECK

-simple, classic styled furniture and decor as if you walked right back into the past.  CHECK

-leather booth seating.  CHECK

-small, quaint, and not a manufactured corporate chain.  CHECK

-friendly service that knows their menu inside and out.  CHECK

-damn simply,  a classic, cocktail lounge with character!

There's two sides to this joint, the restaurant side and the bar side.  Pick the side based on your purpose for being there.  Duh, I was here to drink....so straight to the bar I went.  The bar is the perfect place to chat it up with the bartender and ask questions about the drink menu if it's your first time here.  Mike (our bartender for the night) was very friendly and explained the menu very well.  School was in session.  Great service overall.

I cannot speak for the food since I came here purposely to drink and chill.  But from what I saw and smelled everything looked great.  Some random girl next to me ordered the donuts.  They looked so damn good I was gonna chat her up and see if she was willing to share!  She was a cutie, but it was the donuts I really wanted.  Hahaha.

Anyway, back to the real reason for this review....the DRINKS!  I cannot explain well enough how awesome these drinks were.  These drinks are handcrafted, classic drinks representing different eras of American drinking.  

Wait, did I tell you they were handcrafted?  Yes, handcrafted!  Hold up.....let me change that....these weren't just any drinks...these were cocktails.  And the cocktails weren't just poured....these were handcrafted.   Dammit......these were Handcrafted Cocktails!  No pre-made mixers or store bought juices used at all.  Cocktails shaken by hand over one shoulder.  Fresh cut fruits for the juice or zest only.  And a little bit of fire for the Blood and Sand cocktail.  Watch out now!  Very entertaining to watch these bartenders make your drink.

I listed below the eras the different cocktail menu items represented:

Gothic Age of American Drinking (?-1865)

Golden Age of American Drinking (1865-1900)

Old School Age of American Bartending (1900-1919)
.
Prohibition(1920-1933)

Years of Reform (1934-1948)

Dark Age of American Drinking(1949-1989)

The Revival of the American Drinking(1990-Present)

Side Story:
I came here on a recommendation a couple of bartenders (Kevyn and Jonas) from the Social House (yes I was drinking there earlier that day too) made to me when I had asked if they knew of any place in Vegas that was a chill, low key place that was unique.  They had asked in return if I was looking for something on the Strip or off the Strip.  I mentioned that I've done the stereotypical Vegas scene plenty of times already.  They told me specifically to check out Herbs and Rye.  And I'm glad I did!

My buddy and I tried a few drinks that were recommended to us by the bartenders from Social House:  Aviation, Blood and Sand, and Vieux Carre.  

When my buddy asked what was another good cocktail from the menu, Mike our bartender of course replied "everything", and then continued to handcraft a cocktail called Corpse Reviver No. 2 for him.

Man, they were all good!  Next time, I'd probably start with the Vieux Carre for the full, bold taste and end with the Corpse Reviver No. 2 which is more sweet and refreshing.  The Aviation and the Blood and Sand were somewhere in between.    I highly recommend all these cocktails.


SIde Notes:

-We came here for late night happy hour 12AM-3AM and only spent $9 a cocktail.  There's no way on the Strip we would've gotten strong quality handcrafted cocktails like these for $9 each!   Tell me if you do.

-It was Late Friday Night/Early Saturday Morning when we rolled in and they were spinning old school Hip Hop!

-It wasn't packed in here at this time and the clientele seemed more like locals then tourists. 


Okay yeah I get it, people come out to Vegas from all over to party up on the Strip....  dress up all fancy, throw cash around like you're dirt rich, drink expensive drinks, etc.  After awhile isn't always the same?  If you wanna check out something different check out Herbs and Rye.  At the very least start your partying here for the earlier happy hour...then head out to the Strip.  If you're already partying on the Strip, you'd probably wouldn't physically be able to make out here for the late happy hour (yeah I know you party hard).  In case you do, it's the perfect place to unwind and chill for a couple more cocktails before going to bed. 

So what if  I left this place about 3:30AM and feeling really good and ready to continue partying....don't judge me!  

Definitely coming back when I'm in town
Came here after we had some tiki drinks at Frankie's. Kinda slim pickins for HH, but we were hella hungry. I got the bone in Kansas Steak, wifey got the Wedge Salad, and we split the Steak and Arugula Flatbread with Truffle Vinaigrette(not on HH menu, but we got it anyway). We also shared the Sweet Potato Tots and Truffle Mac and Cheese with fellow Yelpers at our table

Steak was a perfect medium rare and the truffley goodnes of the flatbread was tasty, so was the wifey's salad...I love blue cheese dressing that "sticks" to your food and doesn't flow like a bad mess.
the sides were okay, not something I'd order again, just like their desserts...ALOHA!!!
I found Herbs & Rye on yelp when i searched "cocktails + Las Vegas".  We're from Atlanta and wanted to find a quality cocktail bar and Herbs & Rye was excellent.  

We didn't eat so i cannot speak to the food, though the menu looked great.  

We walked in, and despite there being a DJ who was playing shitty, loud music, the vibe and decorations are great. The back bar was beautiful and i first noticed vintage glassware. I'm a big fan of that. The cocktail menu is put together in such a cool way-by American drinking ages/eras, with cool pictures of Jerry Thomas etc. on it.  The lady had an Aviation, which while simple, seems to be screwed up more often than not. Hers was wonderful.  I started with the Buck's Fizz, which while good, was a tad too juicy as i suspect the bartender forgot the champagne. This was the only negative of the whole experience and it was quickly erased by a wonderful Vieux Carre which i was very happy to even see on the menu. 

The bartenders were very accommodating and genial, sporting vests and collared shirt, which i liked alot. All in all, the experience was wonderful, and really hope we have time to go back before we leave Vegas. If not, we will be back on our next trip, definitely.
Happy hour (HH) menu is VERY limited! Music is loud and unfitting with the speakeasy vibe. Streak and appetizers were good, cocktails were surprisingly lacking. Service is very slow.
I came for happy hour pricing last night and was not disappointed.  The prices are higher than their online menu. The steaks are $4 or $5 more.  I got the Kansas City ribeye and it was $14.50, half of the regular $29.  With you dinner comes one side and I got the creamed corn with japaeo.  The steak was cooked perfectly--black and blue as I ordered.  The creamed corn was excellent with the tang of the jalapeo.  I got an iced tea for drink.  Finally, I had a slice of Red Velvet cake for dessert.

I came early and was the only person there when I arrived around 5:30.  As others have stated, the place is quite dark and it takes a time to adjust from the bright sunshine to the darkened interior.

the hostess let me pick where I wanted to sit.  Ronnie was my server, and he was attentive.  Iced tea refills came without asking and he checked back periodically.

I had a show to go to at 7 in North Las Vegas, and this was a perfect time to arrive and enjoy the Happy Hour pricing and have a good dinner before hopping on the freeway for the short drive north.

I'll be back!
When I walked into to Herbs and Rye, it was almost pitch black. It took a minute for my eyes to adjust to the darkness. I was greeted by the hostess and walked over to the bar. I looked around and immediately was reminded of Fangtasia from True Blood.  There's an old school vibe with the brick walls, red and black wallpaper, chandeliers. and private dark leather booths. The background music was modern and made me feel like I was a vamp tramp. (Yeah, I'm a dork.) I know the theme is prohibition but I couldn't help but think of Fangtasia. Needless to say, I really dug the vibe and decor.

My friends and I came for happy hour. I was a little disappointed that cocktails weren't on the happy hour menu as I read about how well crafted and delicious they are. I was on a budget so I settled on a draft beer which was like $4-5 (I can't recall). 

The best part about happy hour is the food. Unlike other restaurants where you get small bites off of the appetizer menu, here you get 50% off hefty entrees. I ordered a Kansas City Steak Strip with Truffle Mac and Cheese for $15! My husband got the Flat Iron Steak with Jalapeno Cream Corn. We all ordered different items off of the happy hour food menu and everything tasted like it was fine dining. 

When our waiter mentioned their homemade donuts, we were sold. The donuts came with two types of dipping sauce but I preferred to eat them plain. They were so fresh and fluffy and definitely worth saving room for.

Service was wonderful. We never had an empty glass. Our waiter was friendly and answered all of our questions. 

I would definitely come back again to try the cocktails and to have another perfectly cooked steak with the mouth watering truffle mac and cheese. Maybe next time I'll sit at the bar and try to look dark and mysterious to match the vibe of this place.
WHO: If you love italian, you'll love this place for sures! The bartender & server were super sweethearts & also chatted it up with me!

WHEN: The first time I hit this restaurant up, I missed Happy Hour by a minute! Literally! So, from my experience, you definitely need to check it out from 5-8pm, and 12-3am! Happy Hour consists of half off the entire menu! =D Also, if you are a yelper and you let them know, you are rewarded with a free cocktail with the order of an entree. Yayy for yelpp!!

(I went there recently and there are cones directly in front of the restaurant due to construction! I automatically thought it was closed because there were no cars in the parking lot, but my friend and I took a chance. MISSION COMPLETE!)

WHERE: Located on the corner of Sahara & Arville, look out for the red sign!

WHAT: There were no cocktails for me this time, but I will look into it on my next visit! After a couple of hours of shopping, my friend and I decided we wanted to try this place out. (I really just wanted to see what the Truffle Mac&Cheese was all about, haha). 

My friend and I tried:

-Italian Sausage Flatbread: I was seriously expecting something small, but the server came out with an 8-piece flatbread pizza! It was marvelous! The sausage gave it the taste it needed, and I LOVE FLATBREAD!

-Truffle Mac&Cheese: Ahhh!! Thank heaven for mac&cheese!! I am a lover of macaroni & cheese and this has got to be one of the best I've ever had!! I am craving for some more just thinking about it! There is such a perfect amount of truffle in every single bite, and the perfect amount of cheese. It is just pure perfection!

-Pork & Figs: One word that describes this dish... BOMB!! I've never tried figs (besides fig newtons, haha) but they were just dandy! I wish I would have taken a picture of the dish (as I usually do!) It was perfectly created, the pork on top of the gravy'd mashed potatoes, and the flavorful figs all around it. I highly recommend!! =D

WHY: The food is a must & an A-plusplusplus, the service was incredible (newfound friends), and the atmosphere was just CHILL!

*NOTE: REMEMBER TO GO DURING HAPPY HOUR!
You don't know how much I love you,
You don't know how much I care.

This review is way old but since I'm sick and have nothing better to do than stare at my feet and feel like crap I thought I'd catch up on old reviews before they are erased from memory.

Happy Hour is where its at son!
1/2 off Steaks (and a gnocchi I just couldn't pass up)

The vibe is straight up sexy, (I never use that word because I feel awkward saying it out loud) but its just dark, sultry and sleek and straight out of an old-school movie.  

The specialty cocktails are divine, the bartenders take their time and they know wassup.  Quality drinks cost money, but oh what a way to burn.
A happy hour that can't be beat and top notch hand crafted cocktails in the (pardon the pun) old fashioned style.  It's a speakeasy, throwback place, quaint, understated and awesome.  All the food is great and there are so many drink options, it warrants many repeat visits to taste your way around the menu for both food and drink.  They've truly done something special here.
I love Herb & Rye. I like the dark decor and last time i was there on a friday night they had a DJ in there as well.  Aviation is my favorite drink there and i don't normally leave the bar without at least three of them ;)

The food is also great there, i like the wings (hot & sweet & crispy, YUM), beef carpaccio, mussels, and the steak actually tastes good here.  Definitely order it during their happy hours, really worth it :)
This was a great find for us. The outside of the building made us question our choice but once we got inside, we were sold. The service was good and included several visits by the owner. Be warned that the drinks are handcrafted so they take a while to get to the table. We all ordered steaks because of the 50% off prices during happy hour (5-7.) There was nothing fancy about them. They were cooked right and had an excellent seasoned taste. The truffle Mac and cheese side dish was incredible. Save room for dessert. The donuts melt in your mouth. 
By the time we left at 8pm, the place was packed, mostly with locals.
It was a $20 cab ride from the strip, but was well worth the trip.
Herbs and Rye is a fitting name for this modernized Speak-Easy cum Steakhouse cum Spaghetti Shop.

I LOVE this place and, though they may not be as "proprietary" as Downtown Cocktail Lounge or as "niche" as Frankie's Tiki, Herbs and Rye defeats others because, not only do they have Food and Classic Cocktails, they do both exceptionally.

A close friend and I have been frequenting them since last year and, each time we go, we're satisfied with the experience.

First, because it's not the thing you expect from a cocktail room, let's talk food.

My favorite thing on the menu is the Bistecca Flatbread.  I like the steaks (And, at either Happy Hour they are a steal at half-price!) and several of the pasta and Italian dishes, but the Flatbreads are the gold here.  The Bistecca is a well-balanced combo of crisp, fired, cracker-like flatbread topped with a perfect balance of cheese and steak, all topped with a mound of peppery, salty Arugula.  This is great accompaniment to any cocktail.

Also, I found the Pasta Carbonara (They don't call it this, but peas, bacon/ham and cream on pasta is Carbonara.) to be excellent - I've ordered it twice.  I will say it is incredibly rich, so be prepared for it.  Also, don't let it sit too long because it loses its pop if it cools too much.

Now, the coctails are definitely "where it's at" at Herbs and Rye.

After my first evening finding this place - desperate for a real cocktail, not beer, wine, or Frat Party Specials - my friend and I sampled about 10 of the cocktails between us.  With the exception of ones we just didn't like from preference, all were great!  Here's my deal, if you can make me a Blood & Sand that is coherent, I'm pretty satisfied.  If the Sazerac tastes good, I'm home.  Both met my test.  For something easily approachable, try the Aviation.  For something with a punch, the Corpse Reviver #2 will do the trick.

The one thing I would like to see is more consistency in the service.  The staff is all very friendly and helpful and knowledgeable, but the one time I've held a party there, they seemed a bit "run around".  Also, I rarely see more than one bartender, which is not enough for busier hours, especially during a happy hour.

A note about the Happy Hour, it's one of the few in town to offer items from all parts of the menu - with the exception of the Classic Cocktails - and one of the only ones that runs until 8pm, and then picks-up again at Midnight.  You can start and end you evening here easily.

Bottom Line:  If you want good food, atmosphere and OUTSTANDING cocktails, go to Herbs & Rye.
One of the few times I have seen every steak at the table cooked exactly to order. The service was great and the happy hour well worth while.
I seriously love H&R, and I'm a little conflicted about writing what I really think because part of me is hesitant about my favorite neighborhood spot becoming too busy! but the other part of me wants this place to succeed and stay around for a long time to come.... sooo....

This place is so cool. Very not-Vegas. no gambling. no smoking. and an awesome happy hour that goes until 8. 

half. priced. steaks. and not crummy steaks like you might expect for half price. tender, flavorful, nicely cooked cuts of meat.  they've got a couple HH beer specials, but sadly no specials on their amazing assortment of drinks.  it's a very prohibition era, speakeasy kind of feel to the place, and they serve old-school cocktails that have ingredients like absinthe and bitters and rye.... orange peels set on fire.... really fun stuff.

and their sweet potato tots and truffled mac & cheese..... i get them every time. and usually a second order of mac and cheese to go to eat at home in my pjs later that night... 

we also ate here with a large group once and they were so accommodating! perfectly separate checks, patience, attentiveness. we even had vegetarians and vegans in our group and they worked with everyone to make sure dietary needs were met - it was a great place for a group. 

closed sundays - which, like chick-fil-a, ends up being the day i have a massive craving, so just try to plan ahead so you don't get your hopes dashed!
Ahh yes. Herbs and Rye. What a fabulous establishment. I've only been a couple of times, but I've quickly become a fan. They not only have excellent classic cocktails, they also have excellent food. This is far from your typical local bar.

Let me start with their cocktails. Their classic cocktail menu is unrivaled. I love poring through the pages in search of my next beverage. It's just so detailed and well thought out. If knowledge is power, then the Herbs and Rye menu will make you a Cocktail superhero. Every drink has a little tidbit about its origin. It's also organized in chronological order. Want something from the Prohibition era? Herbs and Rye has got you covered. Perhaps something from the Gothic Age of American Drinking? Wait. What the heck does that even mean? Regardless, they have your back on that too!

On the other side of the coin, Herbs and Rye has some fantastic food offerings. Did someone say happy hour? A selection of their steaks are half off during HH. On my first visit, I went with the Kansas City Strip Steak with a side of Truffle Mac and Cheese (during HH, you only get one side instead of two). While the steak was flavorful, I admit that I was envious of my neighbor's Flat Iron. I'll definitely get that one instead next time. Outside of their steaks, I've also had the Clams from the appetizer section (also half off during HH). OMG those were incredible. It's basically a bowl of clams in a buttery sauce of awesomeness. On the side come two pieces of toasted baguette. Trust me when I say those are not enough. I ended up asking for more bread just so I could soak them in that buttery goodness. Yes, I know. Healthy as can be.

Will I return? Is it hot in Vegas in July? Does it flash flood when it rains? Is it dark in here?
I popped in late Friday night for food and drinks with friends and had an absolute blast. I have been here before and have always had a great experience. This was no exception.

Friday night we shared a carpaccio (a fave of mine, as some of you know, and so I am ultra persnickety about this dish), a pork loin dish, salads, and... I feel like we had half the menu between us... and there were only 5 of us! The food was perfectly cooked (or not, as appropriate), seasoned, and, truly, wasn't on the plate long at all. A lot of "you *have* to taste this!" and "I'll fight you for the last bite of that..." was heard amongst our little group. (To be fair, I think I may have stabbed someone with a fork while uttering that last bit...)

Not to be outdone by the food, the bartenders were on their game. We all went for the "Herbs & Rye"... a drink that is decided upon by whosoever is keeping the bar. We were treated to their famous classic cocktails (one of the best menus in town for these oldies but goodies), never receiving the same one twice, and sometimes finding them with a twist or a dash or a splash, to make them even more creative. Much like the food, drinks were passed around and lauded and coveted. Repeatedly.

The space is small and cozy without being stifling or claustrophobic, the decor is dark and enveloping, lit perfectly, and seems to transport you out of Vegas - or maybe just to a Vegas long gone (in other words, no seizure-inducing, flashing-light video game machines or clang of slots machines). 

Intimate and social all at once, there are romantic booths, classic table seating, or, do what we did... belly up to the bar and trust the people behind it. You won't be disappointed.
What a sexy place with sexy drinks, sexy food, and sexy people! Yes this place is amazing. The ambiance is dark and romantic: reminds me of a setting of the movie Dracula or something similar to it. Red lighting, black linens.. Would be perfect for a date. 

I've been to Herbs and Rye a couple times and I blows my mind everytime. My favorites are:

-lamb chops: unfortunately they do not have them on the menu during the summer but make sure you order them when they're back on the menu when it gets colder. The best lamb I've tried and I order at least two because I just can't get enough. 
-pork and figs: they were out of figs when I got this but I didn't mind! Perfectly cooked porkchop on top of bed of garlic mashed potato with glazed figs.. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Definitely my new favorite. 
-carcuccio: I think this is how you spell it lol a huge dish with fish, mussels, shrimp and all kinds of seafood you can imagine in tomato sauce. 
-truffle mac and cheese: enough said. 

They have happy hour daily from 5-8pm and 12-3am. Their happy hour menu is limited but be sure to check them out!
Really good place!
Drinks were good, creative.
The sweet potato tots were so good, as was the pork & figs. Happy hour deal of half off their steaks was amazing, the steak was very good.
Overall, loved the place, only bad thing I can say is it was and hour and a half after we sat down until we got our food, and they weren't very busy. We weren't exactly in a hurry, but the service was slow.
This is going to be one of those hazy reviews where I can sort of remember stuff but the fact that we were at Frankie's Tiki Room immediately before this makes it pretty damn difficult to remember what happened here. I definitely shattered my phone screen and lost my suit jacket either before or after arriving at this establishment...or so I was told.

We definitely came here for the 12a - 3a happy hour. Fact. I ordered a steak and then spent 5 minutes talking to the bartender and owner about the last drink we had at Frankie's and if there was anyway they could create something similar. Apparently I did not insult anyone or molest patrons while doing this and my drink order was taken. I believe everything up to this point to be factual. Now once the steaks came, that's where I lose it again. I think the steaks were really good. However, that was mainly from my less drunk better half telling me that her steak was really good. I also think I dug the interior; wooden panels if my hazy memory serves me right. But not 80's porn wooden panels. 

So to sum up: shattered phone, lost suit jacket, friendly bartender and owner, nice interior, and good steaks (especially at happy hour prices).

Vegas.
If I could give this a negative 5 stars I would.WORST DINING EXPERIENCE SO FAR IN LAS VEGAS! I went there last night with 2 friends and ordered a steak. I got the steak (which was IHOP quality) and it had 2 pieces of plastic cooked into it. They were not small pieces, they were the size of silver dollars! I showed the waiter and he said "that is from the plastic wrapping we cut the meat out of" (This WAS the same kind of steaks that Dennys and IHOP uses!) Well he asked me if I wanted a new steak and I jokingly said "yes, but no plastic please" and laughed. He then rudely replied "yeah, thats common sense, don't you think"! and walked away. My friends and I looked at each other and were shocked and asked if we had heard him correctly. I got up and went to ask the hostess if the manager was there and if I could speak to them about my waiter. The hostess informed me that my waiter WAS THE OWNER! The waiter/owner then came up behind the hostess and confronted me about me trying to make a complaint. I told him I didn't like how he talked to me at my table and that he then replied "Then get the (explative) out of my restaurant! I said get out, you and your friends too!" I stood there stunned and actually laughed in his face. That made him angry so he called over 2 "goons" from the dining room to try to muscle me out. One guy walks up and takes off his suit jacket like he is going to assault me. Not cool at all!  This being my first time in this restaurant will also be my last! The service was atrocious and the food was IHOP quality for strip prices. And then to add insult to injury, they still made us pay for our meal!
In wanting to get off the Vegas Strip, I sent out a call for recommendations and received a great one for Herbs and Rye, located in a somewhat seedy part of Vegas on W.Sahara. Don't let the outside location deter you. The inside of Herbs and Rye had a great, dark vibe and was definitely not a Vegas Strip kinda place. I am quite certain its a local hang out. In fact, if I lived in Vegas- I would be a regular for sure. They specialize in craft cocktails, a favorite of mine and the reason why my buddy and I went. I had a Buck's Fizz (on the menu) which was a great refresher followed up by a Pimm's Cup (not on the menu) which was done well, although with Ginger Ale instead of Ginger Beer. My buddy had a Moscow Mule which was great and quite large drink which kept him occupied during our whole stay. The menu is divided into cocktail "eras" such as "pre-prohibition", etc. I thought that was a cool touch. A pleasant surprise was the food. Being a cocktail place they don't do drink happy hours, which I admire- however they do food happy hours...with several dishes offered at a discount. To take advantage I had the mussels in a spicy tomato sauce and my buddy had the fillet and mashed potatoes. Both were excellent and a great deal. So, in addition to recommending this place for a great pre-strip hopping cocktail, I would definitely get there for some grub prior to going back to the stock tourists hang outs.
Wow, it's pretty sad when the owner of this restaurant has to make himself look like even more of a jack ass by bashing me after I let everyone know how horribly he treated myself and my 2 friends. He had to comment on my Yelp review to make me out to be the bad guy and say I was "drunk". That is pretty pathetic. I wasn't impressed with the food nor his lousy attitude when I came there this past weekend. I'm glad that people can now see how you are a complete immature jack ass after your response to my complaint. A good business owner would have responded back with an " I'm sorry about your unsatisfactory meal and service, what can we do to make this up to a valued customer?" However you took the low road and made YOURSELF look bad!
A M A Z I N G

I didnt want to go here to begin with, I thought it was gonna be some hole in the wall place I was being taken to save a couple bucks, boy, was I wrong! I have now had nearly everything on the food menu, & we havent even BEGUN discussing drinks! 
For the food, my fav appetizers have to be the littleneck clams, which are bsolutely perfect. I always want to like shellfish, but especially clams and oysters, no matter how many times I order them, I just never do....until I had these. The porton is more than enough for 2 people, and it comes w/ awesome bread. For the entrees...I have never had pork that tasted better than their Pork chops and fig meal. It is incredible, when I tasted that, it was like when you have a child, I just, didnt know I could love something so much. They serve your standard drinks of course but also, a huge array of prohibition era drinks. Seriously, if you go anywhere else in Vegas to eat a steak, you are wasting your money and making a huge mistake. Do yourself a favor and wait til Midnight, when most items on the menu at Herbs & rye are 50% off!
Favorite place to get a cocktail!
If you're thinking of coming here and getting a rum and coke, this isn't the place for you. These are quality cocktails. The menu is informative. It is broken down by the history of alcohol and spirits, from prohibition and beyond.

I'm obsessed with Brandy Crustas and Clover club. The mixologists are great! 

Happy hour is a great deal on food as well. I think its 11 or midnight until closing 2-3am. The gnocchi with the chianti meat sauce and the alsatian flat bread are my two staples. Those are addicting! Steaks are great too and the sweet potato tots and macaroni are good.

Great bar to hang and talk and catch up. But don't expect that on a Friday/Saturday night, club crowd and dj is in the house so it gets very loud. If you're in the mood for that, go on those nights. If you want a chill evening go on the other nights. They are, however closed on Sundays. 

Great hangout for groups too.
Truffle mac n chz is a must have! Great specialty cocktails and great happy hour 5-8 12am-3am
This place is for you if you appreciate a fine cocktail, like places that are off the beaten path and want something besides 'bar' food. 

This place is NOT for you if you don't know what a mixologist is, want to order a shot of Jager or anything mixed with Red Bull00, if you are are loud, obnoxious or wear too much Ed Hardy. So kindly please don't come. :)

Try the meatballs. They are amazing! I can't pick a favorite cocktail yet because I'm working my way down the menu.
Went for happy hour. Half off several menu items including filet mignon dinners! Drink specials weren't too good: $5 well drinks and buy one get one 1/2 off bottles of wine. I would like to see a discount on the classic cocktails to encourage people to try your specialty! I had a clover club and blood and sand classic cocktails. Both were good but the blood and sand was better! Steaks were cooked to perfection and the flat bread pizzas were huge! Great visual atmosphere but the music was off putting - you can't play house techno music in a fine cocktail lounge... service was fine once I mentioned I was a yelper.
So happy we discovered Herbs & Rye!! Happy Hour is great, food was delicious, and the classic drinks are a hit. Must try!!
AMAZING! ....Period! 

The true highlight of Herbs & Rye is that it is the complete antithesis of what you would find on the strip.**

**Great tasting food, innovative cocktails and prompt, un-intrusive service without the stiff upper lip atmosphere. 

I was comfortable the entire time! Such an amazing experience!

This place is undoubtedly for raw unfussy foodies!
Drinks are better than the food...  That being said the food is more than passable and the drinks are fantastic so I definitely recommend this place as a change of pace from the usual over-the-top strip wannabes.  Vegetarian options were available if not especially numerous.

The service was perfectly attentive and the ambiance was nice with a dark speakeasy vibe.  However, as other reviewers have mentioned, the electro lounge music playing does not suit the vibe of the decor.  Put some sweet jazz tunes on and everything would fall into place.
Clarify to the bartender that it IS Happy Hour...get him to acknowledge it! We rolled in after 12am specifically for happy hour. Looked at my phone to check time while I was STILL in a taxi...12:10..cool. We pop in and order food and drinks and have a good time. Bartender is cool...ask for the check, while he's doing stuff he says you look familiar...bla bla bla...where ya from. Finds out we're not from Vegas then shows up with a check time stamped by the register for 11:48pm as the time when we placed our order. I'm stunned that the "owner", Nicately, would pull something like this for an extra few bucks??? $22.00 dollars to be exact. I asked him about it and he said that was the time when we ordered. I told him we were in a taxi at that time...HA!! what a loser. Keep the money friend.
This place is incredible and will become a favorite. Go during happy hour for 1/2 off Filet Mignon!
Herbs & Rye has a great ambiance, the classic old school italian feel. Nice extensive drink list - some are very creative. Food was good, service lacked. They waited until we were finished our course, but didn't clear the plates, so we were getting plates on top of plates. I ordered my second cocktail before we got entrees and it didn't come until I was almost finished my meal! It did take a little too long for drinks that night. I'd go back to try it out again, but if I get the same service, that would be their last chance. I do have to say the desserts were really great! The doughnuts with dipping sauce and pazookie style cookie with ice cream...mmmmm!
Cocktail geeks rejoice - craft cocktails exist in Vegas. I'm not sure since when, but they're here in full effect at Herbs & Rye. The elixirs you'll find coming across this bar are seriously top notch and could stand their ground against any in my favorite coastal cities such as Portland, Seattle, SF and the like. I'm so glad  to have found this spot (thanks to all who recommended it and to Misti for taking me there) and it will definitely be on my itinerary for any return trip.

This is the lest "Vegas" bar in Vegas,  and that's one of the big reasons I am drawn to it. No flashy BS, no gaming, no smoking, no crazy-extreme high prices on the drinks, and almost zero pretense. Nice guys making stellar drinks in a chill, subdued setting (at least when I was in there) that's free of all the glam and glitz that exists a few blocks away. Nothing against that stuff (my stop prior to this was for a delicious cocktail at the fancy Vesper Bar) but I sure do love me good cocktails minus the snoot. 

The cocktails on the list are all classics, organized by the decade that gave birth to them. The list is medium-length but very carefully curated, and I found no less than three of my favorite elixers jumping off the pages and into my glass. The two drinks I sampled were a Vieux Carre (a personal fave) and a Remember The Maine (also a fave). Both were impeccable - perfectly balanced with a nice depth of flavor. High quality ingredients and trained hands sure do make some fine drinks. 

The story behind the guy who owns the place is a cool one too. He started out at the bottom and made is way up to the top - self taught. I respect that. And his humility and charm is something often not seen amongst the highest level of mixologists. He's a true barman. 

The food menu is hearty and tasty. I only sampled the truffled mac side fior $7 (a hearty portion) and it fit the bill. 

For a respite from overpriced drinks and chaos of the strip, get thee to Herbs & Rye. You'll make up your $$ on cab fare after only a couple of drinks and you'll be so glad you did.
Update.  Went on or just around Halloween.  Good times.  And they were open.

Well this is about the third time I've been here and they've "closed early". Thx for making me drive out here to get my drink on then close. Shiftys is awesome...  You guys are amateur...
UHHH!!! My stomach feels like it is going to explode. I am so full. I cannot eat another bite... but there is still half a dish of truffle mac'n'cheese. All are common responses when visiting Herbs & Rye. 

I have been so bogged down with work, or work related situations that I was set on treating myself to a nice meal. I called up a friend and we met up for happy hour. Both of us didn't feel like drinking, so we opted for their food specials. The deals are limited to five or six items, but they offer some meals for half off. Instead of just filling up on quick fryer food, H&R includes a few steak and a pork chop entree. We began with the spicy mussels ($10 HH, $22 regular). The tomato sauce was so good that I was scooping it into empty shells to slurp down. For my entree I got the 12oz. bone in strip cooked to a medium rare with the peppercorn brandy sauce and the truffle mac ($17.50). I have to say this was near perfection. Yet, I would have been happier without the sauce. My friend had got the same steak with the chimiccuri and asparagus. I stole most of her sauce. I should have listened to our server, the chimicurri was much more flavorful and bold. Usually I am not a mac'n'cheese person. My gaze usually zooms over these words, but Robyn and Kevin L. swears by it. Luckily, I trusted them and ended up a winner. 

By the end, two steak dinners with an large order of mussels to start cost us less than $50. Even though their HH list is minimal, Herbs & Rye's offerings are more than satisfactory.
I wanted to love this from the get go.I have read so much about it.Long story short I don't think I will be back or could recommend this place for food.Maybe a cocktail yes as the menu for such was outstanding.Service was weak sorry Thor when I have to ask you more then once for another beverage you slip.What is wrong for a server to be locked on, is it to much to ask? Paying steak house prices for a steak on a plate and getting nothing more the sweet potato processed tater tots not impressed. Loved the decor and think you have something but asking for change from the bartender and getting attitude ( green lantern) not good. Man I wanted to love you!
Last week, found out this is one of the kids' favorite restaurants... mainly for the bargains during Happy Hour...

On the menu...

House Beer (***) The waiter initially described their Beer... "Red, like Killian's". Reponded... "Killian's Irish Red???". "Oops! Excuse me! It's only Red... doesn't taste like Killian's."

Yes, the House Beer is Red... He was right... no way did it taste like Killian's.

Littleneck Clams Appetizer (*** 1/2 $11.00 Happy Hour Reg-$22) Parmigiano, Lemon, Broth. 

Smallish Clams in a... watery Broth. Frankly, could have used more Butter... a lot more. Had better last year... somewhere else in Vegas...

Bread & Butter (**) I'm a Dipper, an expert Dipper from way back... Love to Dip Bread & Butter in Broth from the Clams Appetizer and from my daughter's Linguine & Clams entree. At first EVERYONE received their own individual six-inch mini-loaf of hard, over-baked Bread. Asked for refills... only two were brought out. Asked for refills again for just me, which the waiter didn't know... only received one loaf. I'll bet if I asked again... we would have been ignored...

Kansas City Strip Steak (** 1/2 $14.50 Happy Hour Reg-$29) Chose this Steak over the Filet... mainly because of the price and size, which was 12oz... the Filet was $34, but was only 8oz. Chose the Jalapeno Cream Corn as a side. Wanted to take it easy on the kids' wallet...

When the entree came out... The Strip Steak was on a separate plate, which surprised me... and the Side of Jalapeno Cream Corn (which was Not Creamed!) was in it's own deep-oval dish almost as long as the plate itself.

Steak, itself, was the thin, smallish Steaks you'd buy for yourself at the local Super-Market... the one's that are gristly, and that you'd always over-cook... never can get right because it's so thin. Hate to say this... the best part of the meal... the watery Jalapeno (Creamed) Corn.

Also received donations of....

   Filet Mignon (**** 1/2) Word to Yelpers.... the ONLY Steak worth it's 
      price regardless whether it's Happy Hour or not is the Filet Mignon at 
      $34. $17, during Happy Hour, is an absolute bargain!

   Linguine & Clams (*** 1/2) Used the same Broth as the Clam Appetizer.
      Same conclusion... more BUTTER, PLEASE!

   side of Truffle Mac & Cheese (***) Tasted OK... if you ignore the 
      over-cooked Macaroni!

   Looks like I ordered the wrong things... all the way around!

Bee's Knees (* 1/2) Hand-Crafted Cocktails? They might be Hand-Crafted... but not by a qualified Barttender! NOT!

When the drink, which consisted of Gin, Honey & Lemon came out, there was the thin film of dark Honey on top over the light-colored Gin & Lemon Juice which indicated inadequate mixing of the beverage - minimum 30 seconds of continuous shaking, stirring, mixing... whatever. Very amateurish attempt. Sorry, fellow Yelpers, whomever mixed this drink will have to go back to Bar-tending school...


If you want to "do" Vegas on the Cheap, I guess this place is as good as any versus the super-duper-expensive Strip. But, you'd compromise first of all with the character of the establishment.... first impression... Old-School, Dank Red-Velvet Wallpaper, and Dark, mood lighting. And then when you're seated, you're handed a hefty, black, faux-leather bound Menu... that should have been re-bound years ago. 

About twice as many people at the Bar than people having a sit-down meal.
HAPPY HOUR FROM 5-8PM AND MIDNIGHT-CLOSE!

I haven't been to this "hole in the wall" restaurant since about the same time last year and I'm sad that they have shorten their menu :( 

I've been to Herbs and Rye total of 4 times, I absolutely love the atmosphere and setting of the restaurant. It has a very dark, sexy, low-lit lighting that kind of resembles an old-jazz-club or speakeasy! I love that they're never overbooked or that you don't have to wait to get seated. 

Their menu has shorten to about two pages. We were looking forward to their lamb chops Jane K. wrote about, but they no longer serve them :( we asked our server about the menu changes/ shortening and his answer was due to change of chiefs. 

Anyways on to our meal, we came just in time for happy hour, and because of their menu changes, it was even more limited to choose from for happy hour... for appetizer, we shared calamari (which is not consider a happy hour item). I ordered an 8oz. flat iron steak, and a side of truffle mac & cheese. and he ordered 12oz. steak with a side of jalapeo creamed corn. 
-my medium flat iron steak was juicy with just the right amount of red and seasoning. i don't like my steak tooo bloody red that when you slice a piece of steak with your knife it oozes out with blood. Herbs and Rye didn't give me that problem, thank you! 
-truffle mac & cheese. tasted exactly as how it sounds, and it was delicious!
- jalapeo creamed corn, was too hot at first, so be sure to let it cool down before taking your first bite! I was expecting to taste what I've tried at the Studio B Buffet in M Casino, but it tasted nothing like that. the jalapeo added its distinct flavor. If you're not into "spicy" food I would definitely suggest you get a different side because after a couple of bites, I had to stop being it was getting too spicy and I love spicy food! especially if I'm the type of person to have sriracha on everything! hahaha 
-calamari in my bf's words "best in the whole wide world" the breading was just right and not thick, it was drizzled with a sauce that had its own zesty taste that you wouldn't have to squeeze a lemon like other places that serve calamari. what makes Herbs and Rye calamari "best in the world" is the thinly slice cooked proscitto that adds the "crunch" to every bite. mmm DELICIOUS! it was soo good we ordered calamari to go so that our family would try how delicious it was! 

Herbs and Rye is definitely a place I would recommend to bring friends  & family from out of town and even a perfect place to bring a date! :)
This is a solid joint.  We came here for drinks only (though we ended up ordering some wings and calamari for a snack) and with one exception, all of the cocktails we ordered were very good & service very efficient.  Loved the exposed brick walls and candle lighting.  Too, the DJ spinning that night was great.  Played a bunch of old school hip hop stuff which was perfect -- upbeat but not clubby.   Would definitely go back.
The happy hour wasn't impressive, only a couple food items and well drinks & beer. The food we did try was pretty good, calamari was excellent, it was served different from any other place I've had it before. The meatballs were good, very spicy. We opted to try the specialty martini drinks, my favorite has to be the bee knees or the apple rose. 

Overall, I probably wouldn't return unless I was in the neighborhood. I drove pretty far to get to this place, I wouldn't go out of my way again to go there. The neighborhood is pretty sketchy. Lock you car doors and don't leave anything visible in your car!
Their food was bomb... Every single thing I've tried from their menu is really good! Italian food and even happy hour items. Bartenders are really friendly, place has a homey vibe which I always like... It is the perfect place to just sit chill and talk story with a friend or a group.. Certified locals spot!
We've been here twice.  Simply awesome off-strip location for quality of food, amazing cocktails, and atmosphere.  The spicy muscles are quite good, just be sure to ask for more bread at the beginning.  We've had both the filet and the strip steak.  Both were excellent and I am a little picky about steaks.  The sweet potato tater tots are a can't miss side item.  Finally, the cookie desert (huge) and the espresso were top-notch.  

Don't let the exterior of the building fool you.   This place is a rock solid choice if you want to go somewhere that doesn't involve the casinos.  And the happy hour 50% off specials are unbeatable.
Simply amazing! 

The food, service, ambiance, and cocktail selection is great & be sure to try the truffle mac&cheese!
Still getting good meals here.  No complaints.
12/14/2011 update.
Just went in for happy hour, aiming to get the carpaccio and a flatbread. Last time I was in, these were awesome happy hour snacks, and priced as such. Both $5. (Flatbread in the interim had climbed to $10). Things are a changing at H&R. Now, they're each non-happy-hour-priced at around $13/ea, and the only happy hour appys are the mussels and the clam linguine. So much for the good ol' days. Not so happy hour. Sneakin' those prices up. Definitely not worth a $30 hit. I left when I discovered this new situation. Pffft.
This is my second time here and it is definately a hidden neighborhood gem.  It's off the strip, so you'll need to drive or catch a cab there.  But let me tell you, it is worth it.  Jalepeno creamed corn was good, but would be more spectacular if they used fresh cut corn.  Bf had ice in the spicy mussels which had great flavors in the sauce, but unfortunately one mussel still had ice on it!  Get the flat iron at HH price $13, you will not be dissapointed.  It is juicy and delicious.  It's definately a bargain.  Bf got the pork and fig....omg, SOOO amazing.  Not HH deal, but worth every penny.  We had 3 rounds of cocktails each, all were unique and kept us smiling the entire night!  Will come back again next time I'm in Vegas.
Speakeasy in Vegas? HA! Yeah right. I was proven correct and would not recommend coming here for any speciality drinks. Reserve that for bartenders on the Strip.

I suppose the service was nice... but I'm not sure if this place has any much else going for it. They serve absinthe. So what? Who doesn't nowadays.

I might come back here for a prefunk but wouldn't mind going to Little Macau for that either haha.
It had been about a year and a half since I last saw her, but she came blazing back into my life on my holiday trip to Vegas. Without much debate, it was agreed that we would spend Christmas day out in the desert to celebrate our happy reunion. I felt the winter desert chill under my jacket as the sun began its daily journey below the horizon. And she, dressed in green, looked as beautiful as the last time I saw her. She had not changed one bit, still living life like it would burn out within the span of a half hour's time. Like always, she stormed back into my life and took over, burning my lips with her kiss and devastating my emotions with her words. In her presence, every fleeting thought escaped into a rabbit hole into which I felt compelled to pursue with singular obsession and undivided attention. Why was the desert so brown? Why was this road that we were on so long and windy? And what the hell did I do with my meager existence in the years 2002 and 2003? Time slowed and every possible outcome which could result from our actions became all the more manifestable.

An entire day spent with her left me drained and unable - or unwilling - to move an inch when I finally went back to the hotel. After a very restful slumber, I awoke in the morning and decided that one day was enough. I could not be with her again for my last day in Vegas. She left in me a need of recovery and triggered an unexpected feeling of homesickness. During dinner that next day, I noticed a book that the bartender had at the bar titled simply "PDT". Upon inquiry, I found that it was indeed a reference to the bar in East Village. The bartender said he loved the drinks in the book and I asked if there were any place like that in Vegas. He lamented that sadly there aren't any, but there was a particular bar-restaurant which made prohibition-era and classic cocktails. What better way to quench my homesickness? Off to Herbs and Rye I went.

Herbs and Rye was not located on the Strip, and it was definitely not within walking distance from the Strip, guaranteeing an establishment that wasn't inundated with tourists. It was the night after Christmas day, and the restaurant didn't have many customers. A lone waitress and the owner-bartender staffed the place. The mood was relaxing and and the lighting dim. I skipped the food menu and flipped to the drinks. Customers can easily tell that the owner was passionate about classic cocktails from what was offered on the drink menu. The drinks were divided into eras in which the drinks were popularised, including descriptions of the eras and history of each drink. Made with absinthe, of course I first had to order a Sazerac. Each sip of this clutched at my throat deliciously herbal and bitter. Next I ordered a Brown Derby, which I've never had before. Who knew honey and grapefruit could go so well together? With the bourbon, it made for a full-bodied drink with contrasting flavours. I must profess I liked the Brown Derby more. While I drank, I made conversations with the friendly owner about drinks and food.

Herbs and Rye is definitely a restaurant I will be visiting again the next time I'm in Vegas, and I recommend it highly. My only regret was that the drinks, while delicious, were not made strong enough for my taste.
Classic cocktails done RIGHT. Old recipes with a mix of flavors not available elsewhere. The bartenders know their stuff. Its worth going for the drinks alone, but you can get a good steak as well for not a lot of $. I went during "Happy Hour" 5-8pm which saw some menu items half off. The Filet Mignon was GREAT, and at half price was a good deal as well. A good drink, steak, garlic mashed potatoes and truffle mac and cheese (amazing) brought the bill to $36. Not a bad deal at all. Highly recommend.
How disappointing!  I was so excited to try this place out, but the food was marginal at best.  The silverware was dirty and I had to return my wine because the glass still had lipstick on it from a previous guest. I will definitely not be back!
Had reservations with a big group that they lost. They set up a table for us late...food came out 45 mins later for half the table and 1.5 hours for the rest of us...I left one-hour and 45 mins later and still hadn't gotten my food...
Great food and cocktails great casual chic atmosphere will be back
Okay...knocked another one of my bookmarked places off the bucket list last Friday.  I am only rating the drinks as I did not try any food nonetheless well crafted cocktails flow here.  I had a triple play of ward eight, remember the Maine and some offshoot of a sazerac cocktail.  I enjoyed the ambiance and talking with Nectaly.  I will be back for drinks and will bring a flashlight to read the menu...heard good comments on the food.
I had wanted to sample the fare at Herbs & Rye for some time, based on the recommendations of Yelp Friends.  Finally, the moment came, and Diane and I passed through the darkened entrance.  We were there for the food--not the creative drinks--and looked forward to a sumptuous dinner.  

First to be set before us by our friendly server Eddie A was delicious fresh-baked French bread and soft butter.  This was quickly followed by a lovely-looking Shrimp Cocktail featuring six medium-sized red-tailed and white-topped shrimps curled over the serving plate.  The cold crustaceans tasted very good after being dipped in the zesty traditional Cocktail Sauce that accompanied them.

Next was a novel surprise: an Iceberg Wedge that, instead of being crafted in the shape of a wedge as expected, was about two-thirds of a head of Iceberg Lettuce that had been sliced straight through the top to resemble a high mesa somewhere in the Southwest.  Festooned on the flat leafy surface were slices of tomato, red onion, bacon, Bleu Cheese crumbles, croutons, and a rich and ample supply of Bleu Cheese Dressing.  This was an excellent, crunchy salad course. 

Produced after this were my 9 oz. Filet Mignon with Brandy Cream Sauce & Peppercorns, and Diane's 12 oz. Ribeye Steak.  My entree was largely medium-rare as ordered, but a few parts of it were slightly undercooked.  Diane's Ribeye, on the other hand, was overcooked--more medium-well than medium-rare as she prefers.  When asked if her steak was cooked as she had specified, she admitted that it was more done than desired, but said that it was okay and she would eat it.  "No," said our server.  "We'll prepare you another one, and take it off the bill.  We want you to come back."  My wife politely declined the gracious offer, and slowly picked at her steak and sides until not too long afterward when suddenly a steaming plate was placed before her, with a new, obviously medium-rare and glistening 12 oz. Ribeye mounted on it.  The kitchen had quietly prepared a new steak anyway.  She accepted the promising substitution, and her old steak was immediately removed.  This fresh and juicy steak she really enjoyed, accompanied by a luscious Macaroni & Cheese side with bacon added.  I sampled the Mac & Cheese, and the hot white cheesy sauce really was delectable, just as was the Brandy Cream Sauce that covered my Filet and provided a liquid base for it.

We had other sides to indulge in as well.  Sauteed Button Mushrooms were hot and meaty, and I opted for the deluxe version of Sweet Potato Tots with Honey & Marshmallow Crust.  Large marshmallows were nicely melted over tater-tot-shaped knobs of sweet potato that had been sweetened further with honey.  

While we were eating our meals, mob movies were playing without commercial breaks on a large flat-screen TV mounted behind the bar and facing our booth.  It was actually quite enjoyable to have that as a backdrop, and we became engaged in following the action.  The final delight of the night was the gigantic, warm, and freshly baked Chocolate Chip Cookie a la mode that was presented with long trails of Chocolate Sauce drizzled across the massive cookie and streaming down the two large scoops of Vanilla Ice Cream that rested on top and stood like silent sentinels.  It was a great dessert, and a sweet way to end our leisurely stay.


P.S.  True to our server's word, when the bill arrived, besides a 50% price reduction off the cost of my Filet for dining during the extended Happy Hour, no Ribeye Steak appeared on the tab.  It was an unnecessary but generous and classy gesture.  So, I reciprocated by leaving a substantial tip.  And, I am sure that we will come back.
I really wanted to absolutely love this place but I just didn't love it as much as I wanted to. The decor is gorgeous and the dining room is much smaller than I expected but really nice. Our server was friendly and helpful. I had the linguine and some sweet potato tots. The tots were great and not too sweet. The pasta was a little too spicy and soupy for my taste (the chili flakes were dispersing in the broth). My friend and I shared the cookie for dessert. It was nice and hot and cake with ice cream; delicious. All in all, dinner was nice, liked everything but my entree. Nice place for a date night or private event.
Meh. I've experienced better -sums it up. 

Very small and intimate place. Low lighting reminds me of the Griffin downtown, LV. Came for a bday dinner. Our waiter was Eddie. He was friendly but couldve been more attentive. We needed more water and menus as the party arrived. Happy hour wasn't great. The 2 star items on the menu that was half off was very limited and expensive to begin w/. Tried some cocktails bizz neez(?) resembles a lemonade and the other more popular grapefruit-like cocktail. Nice and light, kinda like a crystal lite. Ordered the skirt steak well-done & truffle mac &cheese w/ bacon side. It was a little over cooked bc it was tough to cut and very dry. I know I ordered well-done, but I've had well done steak and it should not be that dry. The truffle mac and cheese is slightly under cooked. Took it home and the next day it was sitting in a pool of oil (: yumm!! 

I enjoyed the company &the atmosphere but there are better places in Vegas. Thanks but no thanks.
Their sides are absolutely delicious (minus the truffle fries)! 

Great happy hour deal, 50% off steaks, where can you get a better deal! Drinks were very interesting, loved the ambiance! Server was great .. especially right after I was at Capo's .. made the service here seem even better, they actually knew of my existence. 

Next time I must try the dessert, I was too full to try it this trip. :(
Great food, service and drinks... What more could you want from a restaurant.
I've heard of this place a few times and ended up going with a group of 8 on a Monday evening. We were the only ones in the main dining room with maybe 6 people in the bar area. The atmosphere was pretty cool, but ruined by painfully slow service, and servers who had poor fine dining etiquette. We all ordered steak and most ordered a simple side of mac & cheese or mashed potatoes and I really started getting nervous as the time passed... A half an hour later our food came out in 3 separate groups with at least 5 minutes between each one. I ordered a medium rare flat iron steak and my food came out last. As soon as the server set down my plate I immediately cut all the way through the center and.......hockey puck....well done with not a drop of juice.... I was practically insulted... After a quiet "sorry about that", and once everyone was done with their food I received a replacement steak that was delicious and cooked to medium rare, however it did not make up for the fact that I had waited forever just to have everyone in my group ready to leave watching me eat my steak. We received 2 desserts to share between 8 people, I guess this was their way of trying to make up for a horrible night.... 

Due to the reviews I may give this place one more try if I happen to be in the area, but only during happy hour because the prices do not justify the service and experience provided. Most likely I will not be going back and I would not recommend it to anyone else...
Love this place. I'm there or picking up something to go at least twice a week. The meatballs are fantastic.  My drink of choice is the Diablo.
Where to start... I love this place. The atmosphere, the cocktails, the food, the service, all top class. It is hard to find something on the menu I don't like. Some of my favorites are the meatballs, the truffle mac and cheese (w/ bacon)! and especially, the spicy mussels. All expertly prepared and absolutely delicious. With an excellent happy hour lasting from 5 to 8pm and midnight to closing, you can try selected dishes at half off. The cocktails are some of the best in town, hand crafted by one of their impressive mixologists. The Ward Eight is absolutely my favorite. The soft elegant lighting makes for a perfect romantic dinner. With their great prices,  coupled with the quality of food and service I am baffled at why this place is not packed every night. Herbs & Rye is a must for everyone.
Server named Deborah was awful. Ruined our meal with her poor service. Food was decent, drinks were pretty good. But will not return.
May be a nice spot for happy hour, but I found it only adequate as a dining experience.

My steak was nothing special, cocktails were overpriced, bartender was grumpy, and I was disappointed they don't allow smoking in the bar.  Could be a 5-Star destination if they followed Ichabod's lead and designed a dining area that has a separate smoking section, allowing grown-ups to be grown-ups.
I think this would be a great restaurant/bar if it didn't have so many staff problems. 4 bartenders behind the bar couldn't take care of 15 people sitting at the bar because they were too busy trying to get laid.

 Food is great here but it's strip prices basically, which is a huge problem in my opinion for a place that is trying to gather a locals following. 

Drink menu is brilliant, but it's a shame I haven't seen this place get their act together yet. Yes the reviews are glowing in 2010, but I'm 2012 it's a different story. I've given this place about 4 chances now.
I can't wait to go back!  What a cool place.  I just moved from Chicago and this totally made me feel like I was back in Chicago.  The exterior looks like this funky building that does not look fancy...but inside...exposed brick walls, dark lighting, beautiful bar...it was perfect.  The cocktails are all classics from different eras.  I had a bad day and needed some bourbon stat, Herbs and Rye had my medicine.  I had three seperate cocktails, all with bourbon, all delicious.  I would say the sazerac had a bit too much absinthe in it for me, but other than that it was all delicious.  The bartenders were good, knowledgeable and friendly.

We shared a wedge salad, better than most and a flatbread with prociutto and asparagus on it.  It was good, not phenomenal, but good.  

I need to go back during happy hour and eat and drink more!
The drinks are custom made, the food is delicious had the pork and figs, I keep coming back for more.
We went to Herbs and Rye for a nice night out. The first thing that caught my eye was the dark and mysterious decor! Then we sat down at the bar and started talking to the bar tender. He was so friendly and helpful with any questions we had about the menu. We also talked with the owner who was very nice and friendly as well! The food was pretty darn good but my favorite part of the night were the drinks. They have a list of specialty drinks and every one we tried was phenomenal. If you go, I highly recommend the Buck's Fiz  (not sure if I spelled it right) but its awesome!
Excellent place to get steaks late at night! Food does take a bit to come out, but it is worth the wait once it comes out. I recommend coming here during happy hours where half the menu is at 50% off. The food is pretty pricy.
This has to be my favorite cocktail lounge in Las Vegas. If you want to avoid the strip, wacky loud nightclubs and repetitive electronic beats, while getting a fantastically crafted cocktail, Herbs & Rye is for you.  I started with an Old Fashioned, followed by a Sazerac, Moscow Mule, Pisco Sour and a Pimms Cup.  Marone a mia!

The steaks are darn good too, after I successfully imbibed myself.  I hope this restaurant/lounge stays in business forever.
We had a great dinner. Food was delicious and service was a joy.

Take advantage of their happy hour (until 8 pm) and you get discounts on beer and cocktails as well as some of the meals on the menu.

I would recommend it to friends any time.
Great place for a late night drink but otherwise it completely blows!!  The service sucks and when we asked the waitress what do you have that's Italian she said well not much.....won't be coming back here again!!!!  Linguine and clams came in the shells?!!  Really?!  Bring on the Artisan!!
Happy Hour is 5pm - 8pm and 12am - 3am everyday with the exception of Sundays (closed).
Half price on select menu items. $5 wells.
Amazing specialty cocktails and to die for truffle mac and cheese.

The exterior looks really shady and creepy (especially at night), but the inside is a whole different story. It's a more intimate and cozy setting, with a blast from the 1920's Service was great, waiter was really knowledgeable about the beverages. The bartenders are amazing because they're held to such high standards from what I can tell. Would come back here for sure.
I have to say that I love Yelp!  At first glance I would have never stepped foot in to Herbs and Rye but based on the reviews we read hubby and I decided to give it a shot.  Much to our delight we found another locals spot that we will be sure to frequent.   However, take note that you do not come here for the service.  The waistaff was nice enough but didn't seem to have their at together.

Now on to the fun stuff...
Mussels in tomato sauce was awesome.  Enjoy the fresh hot bread and soak up every drop of the sauce.
The carpaccio was great although a little less of the mayo type sauce would have made it perfect!! 
Dinner consisted of the family style portion of the linguine and clams.  Great flavor and good sized portion.  It would be great to automatically bring up the proper bowls And utensils to we could enjoy dinner.
We were too full for dessert.

Another cool feature are the cocktails.  They have quite the throwback list and crush their ice in a bag, old fashioned style.  


Definitely a spot to try if you're looking for a new place to eat and drink!!!


***  ADDITION TO THE REVIEW  ***
We went back for another dinner.  Appetizers were the same as above but we made different dinner selections.  The notable selection was the Ribeye with Green Chimichurri sauce.  DELICIOUS.

However, the one that WINS it all are the homemade donuts to order.  A total MUST!!  They are miniature donuts with powered sugar.  Absolutely finger licking good.   Not a good take home item for later though.  Once they were cold they weren't so yummy...  so enjoy hot and eat them all!
Herbs and Rye has become my new favorite go-to spot for cocktails.  The wait staff are phenomenal, and I love the dark speakeasy vibe (red velvet wallpaper, black booths, and swanky chandeliers).  I've rarely seen it crowded, which actually kind of worries me because I wonder how it stays in business!

They have some steakhouse style food, but what I go for are the fantastic creative (old school style) drinks and service.  The "classic cocktails" are amazing, and the service is personal and helpful.  There are a few drinks that dabble with absinthe, so if you're a fan of the licoricey liquor, here's a place to try it.  My favorite drink is the Aviator - which from my memory is a combo of gin, lime, and a violet infused liquor - oh my!  They also serve classics like "Moscow Mule" and will likely make anything you request.

The happy hour deal is fantastic, with some of the steaks (half price).  My friend labelled it as one of the best steaks he's ever had.  I have tried a few of the flatbread pizzas, which are a fair deal at $10 a piece.  We tried the linguine and clams, which was good but not the best I've ever had.

For a cool off-strip vibe with great cocktails and an atmosphere where you can chat with your friends (i.e. not blasting boom-boom music), or sit at the bar on your own, check this place out!
Garlic mash and rib eye. It was delicious. I like the house rub the use. It's got a little kick and a lot of bite. Thinking about the food is making my mouth water. The mash had a very good roasted garlic flavor. Yummy!!! Need to try more me u items before I can give it a 5.
Didn't actually get to eat there, since neither the website nor the menu nor the recorded answering machine bother to list the hours of operation and we tried to go while they were closed. To make matters worse, Google's information incorrectly reports that they are open on Sunday. Yelp has it right, but damn, guys -- don't assume that all of your customers will check Yelp before they head over. I didn't. Shame on me, I guess.

I still want to go and will be happy to give them a full review as soon as I do so, but in the meantime they get a C- for effort. Boo.
Ambience is nice, pretty dark inside and has an old school feel to it. I was carded immediately to make sure I was over 21.  I came here for happy hour, in which I lrearned that only certain items on the menu are half price. 2 appetizers, the steaks, well drinks $5, and select beers (blue moon or a red amber) $3. Cocktails are regular price. I sat there for a while waiting for the rest of the party to get there, in the meantime I had a beer and water. After we ordered it took forever for our bread to come out, albeit it was very good, but why couldn't the server brought it out earlier? 
I ordered the ribeye and so did the rest of the group, we compared steaks as we all had pretty fatty and grisly steaks and couldn't tell what we were cutting into as it was so dark. For the price they were charging, I expected a better quality meat. However, the steaks were cooked properly. 

Service was fantastic, there was no smoking, and no casino noise. However, I am going to try the filet mignon next $17 for happy hour).
The food and craft cocktails are worth a visit.  However, I don't recommend this place for parties or if you have a large group of people.  We tried to hold a birthday party at H & R last night and were told beforehand by the owner that it would be no problem.  Unfortunately there were plenty of problems including really bad service and the staff not being alerted that we were coming.  Our waitress seemed far more interested in hiding in the back than taking our drink orders.  Everyone left hungry, thirsty and frustrated.  I will go back but never to do anything but sit at the bar with no more than one or two other people.
Finally got a chance to go. Happy hour is totally worth it. Our steaks were done pretty well. My wife got the ribeye and I got the NY Strip, and after having a taste of hers I wish I'd ordered the ribeye. My garlic mashed potatoes were better than my wife's truffle crispy fries (which weren't very crispy, to be honest) but those were still tasty. The littleneck clams appetizer was awesome. 

No surprise, the cocktails were dead-on, and the donuts for dessert were freshly made and perfectly cooked.

All in all, I think it was worth the wait. I would bring friends here for drinks, definitely. I'm not sure I would feel so good if I were paying non-Happy Hour prices for the steaks, but with such a long and generous happy hour that's not really a problem.
First time here, was enticed to because of their happy hour, I mean $20 steaks are worth a try. The ambiance was pretty cool and the energy was upbeat despite the gloominess of the lighting, definitely great for a romantic date! The sides were awesome, I was a bit disappointed with my steak though, it was a bit chewy and not enough flavor, I should've gotten the rib eye instead! Word of advice though save room for dessert! The doughnuts were the star of the show! The waiter said that the desserts change daily so I hope ur lucky enough to have this on the menu that day!
Went during happy hour at 5; they don't even open until 5. These are pretty good quality steaks. I wouldn't pay full price for it, but at half-price, I wouldn't mind making a return trip, though there are still too many steaks in Vegas I haven't tried. I ordered the rib-eye but would probably try the filet mignon next time. All steaks come with one side of your choice, which is pretty awesome for someone that doesn't like when you're limited to potatoes or chef's vegetables. I ordered the truffle mac 'n cheese, but I didn't notice any truffles, was probably just truffle oil. The asparagus that someone else got looked really good, though that side didn't seem as large, about 5-7 spears.

I agree the place is too dark, I too couldn't tell how well cooked my steak was with the lack of lighting.

The online menu (as of 8/27/12) does not do the place justice. Their in house menu is far more extensive, with a good number of half-priced happy hour items.

Also, the outside of the restaurant looks like crap, but the inside is pretty nice.
Sooo, Herbs & Rye is one of my favorite date restaurants. 

It's not in the nicest part of town and the parking really sucks, but, you kind of forget all that when you walk inside. 

Like I said before, it's a perfect place for date night. Dimly lit and the decor is pretty cool. Every time I've gone the service has always been excellent, bartenders to servers, everyone is really gracious and polite. 

Ok so, the drinks, yeeeah, they're pretty expensive, but! They're made well and they offer a lot of unique choices so, you really do get what you pay for, in my humble opinion. If you have savvy sophisticated drinkers in your life, this is definitely a spot to take them to. Oh, and let's talk about their food menu.

Holy hell, they have really amazing food here. I haven't been disappointed yet. Try the flat bread pizzas. They are scrumptious. 

So yeah, it's an intimate type of place so definitely come here with your significant other and get bonus points for picking such an awesome place to eat.
I love wine and beer...there aren't too many places where I WANT to order a drink.  Herbs & Rye is one of them!

Fell in love with the aviation here and have lost track of the gin drinks I have sense enjoyed here.

Current favorite drink here is the Brown Derby (Bourbon/Honey/Grapefruit/Yum) 

H&R has a nice vintage/hipster feel to it.
Cool enough... especially the brass/copper (?) mugs the drinks are served in.  The drinks are pricey and small, but you are paying for "the cool", not the alcohol.  I sat at the bar and didn't eat, but from my vantage point, the food looked and smelled good.  I enjoyed myself, as did "the others."  I'd recommended it, even if you only go once.
Alright seems i've been making it a trend to update this place once a year. 

Since discovering this little Gem back in 2010 i've been going here on and off. A few damn good memories of this place too:
 - First time i had anything from the FuKu truck they were parked outside of H&R
 - Going away shindig ended at H&R
 - Did a few birthdays at H&R
 - Coming back shindig started where we left off at H&R

So it's been another year...Whats new?

Happy hour is still there and all steaks are still half off during happy hour. Well all beef steaks, sorry pork chops and figs guess i'll never discover how you'll taste...

New draft beer selection. Wow i thought the house Amber was good the new draft selection goes hipster with their selection of micro brews and crap i've never even heard of. I've just discovered i actually do enjoy stout beers now. Funny how one thing can change your opinion of the entire category. 

New super large rib eye steak selection/challenges. 

14oz NY Strip on the menu now (personal favorite) 

So umm...yeah
Went for happy hour. Had a great pisco sour and clams were great. Very disappointed with sausage pizza. Tasted like cardboard and had no flavor
I discovered this place and decided to take my boyfriend. We love it and are hooked on their happy hour. My boyfriend isn't even a drinker....only once in a blue moon, but he can't say no to an Herbs & Rye cocktail. The service is very professional and the waiters and waitresses are attentive to your needs. Great place! Reminds me of Brooklyn. It's an escape away from Las vegas.
Until a recent episode of Gigolos I was unfamiliar with this place, but I can be easily influenced by what I see on TV so decided to give it a try.  I like the atmosphere.  It's a little dark and has an old school Vegas vibe to it.   We ordered a couple of appetizers, steak and a pork dish.  We shared everything and it was good.   Prices were a little high to make this a regular spot but they have a happy hour that seems very generous with half off steaks included so I think I will be back to check that out.
Went here for dinner on my fiance's birthday. She was very excited as she'd been wanting to come here for a long time. I made reservations for 8 and we were seated promptly. And that was where the service ceased to be good. Our waitress wasn't very attentive. Drinks that were ordered took 10 to 15 minutes to appear (but when they arrived they were VERY good). After we placed our food orders half of it came out after 45 minutes, and the other half came out 15 minutes later. The food was WAY overpriced for the quality (even accounting for the happy hour pricing). I'm told that the bar experience is MUCH different from the dining experience, so I might be back to check it out. As it stands I won't be returning for the food.
I do not know if there is even a true word out there to really explain the love I have for this place. I was very fortunate in its unearthing. It is amazing. Everything about it is amazing to me. 

The cocktails are so unique and exquisite. I love their Pimms Cup, Pisco Sour, Diablo, Last Word, oh I could name some more but you should go find out for yourself. The discovery of these classic cocktails is such a marvelous occurrence for your taste-buds. 

The food is wonderful. The BEST and I will keep saying this until some other place tries to beat them out on it, but seriously the BEST Truffle Mac & Cheese I have ever had. It is one of my favorite dishes. I also enjoy their cobb salad and filet. I have had their flatbreads too. So good. 

The bartenders are super talented, especially the owner Nectaly when he gets behind the bar on occasions. Nectaly, Brian, and Michael are the three that really stand out whenever I go. They are friendly, entertaining, and know how to make their drinks. 

I have never been bored just sitting there. The atmosphere is dark and mysterious. It makes me feel relaxed and mysterious myself. The music is usually good. The DJ on Saturday nights can be a hit or miss for me, but they do not ruin my mojo when I am there. 

Writing this is making me miss it. I think I shall have to get some Mac & Cheese after all my Halloween festivities tonight. 

Side note: They close at 2am M-Th, 3am F & S, and completely closed on Sundays. 

Thank you everyone at Herbs & Rye for being awesome.
Great Happy Hour !! but the wait for our food was long, also it was drafty and cold. Besides that the food was good when it came out. Great garlicky caesar salad and NY was cooked perfect (medium). We also ordered the flatbread, which had a crispy crust and a good amount of cheese. Also their  sourdough bread was amazing, since it just came out of the oven.
I went here last night and felt I needed let Vegas know what they are missing by passing the place. I have so many times. But it was such a great experience there, I will certainly go again.  Everything I ordered left mr speechless. My choices for the night and suggestions are: truffled msc and cheese , long neck clams, garlicy sauted spinach, and the Kansas cut steak (med rare). My tummy was very happy!!!
I really feel this place warrants more like 3.5 stars. Dark, clubby, with a sort of hipster take on vintage Vegas...cool menu full of mixology "craft" cocktails...solid steaks and accouterments. A cool place to go for late-night food...and located in a SOLIDLY unpretentious part of town (bonus points!!!). 

I went during regular hours and had a filet with a side of mushrooms, and caesar salad. All were good, but a pit pricey for what they were. I'll have to go back and try the happy hour menu...I have a feeling my cheap ass will like that more!

Overall, I endorse this spot.
Had my birthday dinner there - great ambience, so many cocktails, it was fun trying to select one - and I loved the explanations and list by time when they were created.

We took advantage of the dinner happy hour - very yummy!
11.13.2012 Herbs and Rye (Las Vegas, NV)

Herbs and Rye is located on the corner or South Valley View and Sahara. Every time drove past this restaurant the parking lot was always full (around dinner time). That is always a good thing! When we walked up to the building a little after 6pm, the black exterior and windowless building had a speakeasy feel to it. Opening the doors, it definitely reminded me of an older, classy, speakeasy type of restaurant. There are two dinning areas. We were lead into the area which also holds the bar. The bar is 3/4 the length of the building. Opposite the bar are booths. Chandeliers hang from the ceiling, dimly lighting the restaurant. While you wait for your dinner to be served they provide you with fresh baked bread and butter. We were lucky enough on out first visit to make happy hour. Which not only meant discounts on liquor it also meant 50% off our steaks. They identify which items can be discounted because of happy hour with a star next to the item. We ordered steaks and they each came with one side dish. In addition we ordered an additional side dish... we needed to try it all! The side dishes are served family style. Our meal was excellent as well as the service. Throughout our meal I noticed that the bar was continuously becoming busier. We left a little before 8pm and the place was still quit busy. I feel like I was the last to know about this lovely whole in the wall restaurant. They are always the best! There is not doubt that we will be going back.

 
Impressed!
This is without a doubt THE best cocktail bar in Las Vegas. Hands down. There is not one cocktail they serve that is not delicious. And they can make you anything that does not appear on their menu. And none of their cocktails cost more than $15 dollars.

Their cocktail menu is divided by cocktail eras, i.e. pre-prohibition, the golden age, etc. I own Tany Abou-Ganim's The Modern Mixologist so I know my stuff. So anything you order from their menu will be divine. And if by chance nothing on the meu speaks to you, you can tell the bartender what type of liquor you drink and give him an idea of what you are looking for in a drinks, say mangoes or something sour, and they will make it for you. They are so talented that the other day I went to the bar with a teetotaler and the bartender made her a drink with raspberries and stuff sans alcohol!

The service is also top-notch. We recently went on a friday with a large party and did not have reservations (I know, how dumb of us). The hostess informed us that the wait for a table was 45 minutes. 2 hours after we were barely being seated. At that point their happy hour had ended. We asked the waiter if he could offer it to us nonetheless and he checked and they did! Mind you, it was not their fault we hadn't made a reservation and thus missed their happy hour specials. So I think it was pretty cool of them to offer it to us. By this time we were super hungry and we all ordered steaks. They were delicious! I had mine with a martini, wonderful! 

Check this place out if you want affordable, hand-crafted cocktails.
My new favorite spot! Skeptical at first from the looks of the outside and location. But was amazed with the ambiance, service and menu! Happy hour is amazing! Delicious food for half the price. Truffle Mac is a must have!
Cozy, warm, delicious, friendly and inviting are all adjectives that can describe Herbs & Rye.  

From the warm greeting at the door, to the great appetizers and flat-bread and the old time cocktails, this place is a wonderful place to spend a few hours. 

We are not the typical guests here, since we are mid to late 50's and aren't employed in the industry here in town, but we still felt welcomed and enjoyed the cozy, comfy atmosphere that is Herbs & Rye.  There is no doubt it's more of a hipster joint, than a vintage Vegas place, but other than a DJ playing the current hits, you'd have thought you'd have entered a time warp with the old school cocktails. 

It's cool to see a fully stocked bar with a copper black splash and an Absinthe fountain.  The drinks were from another era.  Old recipes going back to the early late 1800's to the early 20th Century.  

We had the meatballs and though they were commercially prepared they were quite tasty as was the flat-bread pizza that we shared.

Overall a real hit and a nice way to share some good food, pleasant atmosphere and some old time specialties.
The girlfriend and I went for dinner and drinks at Herbs & Rye on our last night in Vegas upon the recommendation of many of the local bartenders we had encountered during our stay.  It's been our experience that the word of a local bartender especially in Vegas is one to be trusted and this was no exception.  Herbs & Rye is off the Strip and definitely not a stop for most tourists.  It occupies a fairly non-descript block building on W. Sahara, well marked with signage announcing its presence.  Stepping inside is like stepping into a time machine to an Italian steakhouse 30-40 years ago.  I liked it for its laid-back charm and unpretentiousness.  Still, we weren't there to appreciate the architectural and interior design.  We came to eat and drink...not necessarily in that order.

We started off with some cocktails and apps.  Herbs & Rye's cocktail list reads like the comprehensive history of American cocktails.  Even if you're not having drinks, the cocktail list is worth a read if only for educational purposes.   I had the classic Lion's Tail ($9) made with bourbon, lime juice, pimento dram, simple syrup, and Angostura bitters.  It was a well-made, tasty drink notable for the allspice notes from the pimento dram.  We shared an order of the fried calamari ($15).  It was nicely fried leaving the calamari tender (as fried calamari can be).  It was a bit overpriced by $3-4 considering the portion size received.

For my dinner, I had the New York Strip with a side of Truffle Mac & Cheese ($34).  It wasn't a dry-aged prime cut of beef nor was it wagyu, but my steak was cooked to my requested medium rare, juicy and tender enough.  The Truffle Mac & Cheese was cheesy and imbued with plenty of truffle flavor.  In fact, it was to the point of straddling the line of too much truffle essence, as it was the dominant flavor practically overwhelming the cheese.  Service was plus.  Josh, our server, was personable and attentive throughout our meal.

From its generic exterior to its dated circa 1960s/70s interior, Herbs & Rye's anti-Strip look and feel belies its true nature.  Herbs & Rye is a first-rate cocktail joint with its outstanding craft cocktails that are well executed and reasonably priced.  The food is satisfying, if a bit unremarkable, and doesn't shine nearly as bright as the cocktails.  That said, I still left fat, dumb, and happy!  I'll gladly return for drinks the next time I'm in town!  3 stars for the food...4 stars for the drinks.  3.5 stars overall.
This place came highly recommended to me from a few people, so before moving out of Vegas I had to give it a shot. What a waste. That money and time should've been spent somewhere better like The Griffin.

All I had were a few drinks, so I can't vouch for any of the food items. But for starters it was way too hipster for me. And the drinks were nothing to write home about, especially in this city. Half of what you're paying for is the wanna-be prohibition style atmosphere. Personally that does nothing for me, I just want a good drink at the end of the day. 

The Moscow Mule was recommended so that's what I had for starters. I have years of bartending experience under my belt, and even more bar drinking experience. What a shitty drink! It was all sugar, no booze. If that's one of your specalities, I'd hate to taste one of the more mediocre drinks on the menu. I can't remember the second drink because it was that unmemorable. 

There are SO many other better bars in town, skip this one.
um, best happy hour ever! half off of selected steaks, etc. amazing selection. And don't get me started on their classic cocktail menu, which by the way is chronologically organized according to eras of cocktails. The atmosphere is awesome too, beautiful, dark and sultry!
Not impressed at all. Way over priced even during Happy Hour. Service was basic when empty and non existent when busy (had to beg for the check then it was an imposition to split it). And come on now if you need a flashlight yo read the menu its too dark!!
Following a rather busy Saturday, a small contingent of us managed to get a late dinner in.  I only heard good hollers about this joint so took a detour from the Commonwealth (still never been to yet) to give them a try since the couple we was with lives deep in Hendo.

From the outside, the place looks like a dive bar or possibly even strip club or swinger bar appearance, with no windows or accents other than a well lit sign.  There is parking around the building and the place can be found on the south side of Sahara.

Upon entrance, I immediately dug the atmosphere.  Very dim lighting for those scared of the dark, lol.  It is deceivingly spacious inside and well designed in several sections for dining and the more bustling bar area.  

There was a pretty sick DJ in there spinning hits with the accompanying music videos to match.  Unfortunately, we were seated in a four person booth that was directly under on of the speaker monitors, making it extremely hard to communicate.  We resorted to sign language and drunken facial features before long.  

There is a vast menu of custom cocktails and saison beers.  Nothing extravagant, but offers a little more than your mainstream domestics and imports.  They brew their own beer as well but went with Chimay (red label) and recommended it to my buddy who is not accustomed to Trappist beer.  The ladies went with some cocktail that was a bit sour for my taste and probably explains why I didn't get its name.  

For dinner, there is two happy hours, one in the early evening and a reverse happy hour later at midnight.  All items with a star next to it are half off, considering some of the steaks range from average prices up to $160+.  My homie went with a New York steak, his lady the clam linguine, and I shared a medium rare rib eye with my girl.  Steaks are aged and grilled well.  Defiantly good cuts.  We got there about 11 and killed some time with the carpaccio, calamari and shrimp cocktail until happy hour hit.  Oh yeah the mac and cheese was on point as well.  Not nearly as good as DW Bistro though.

The decor is hip and trendy.  The bar was packed and this place seems to cater to a nice variety of heads.  A boat load of friends drove in from Cali on a whim and met over here before hitting up Spearmint Rhino for one of the girl's barfday.  It got a bit busier then and they were in the secluded section all on their own, and sadly, was not pleased with the waitresses neglect to them like some orphans with B.O.  (poor things).

The overall experience was great and can see ourselves coming by in the future, either to pre funk before a headliner venue, or just to get a late bite to eat.  The place is a hit and was highly recommended from my co dub and another couple.

Oh yeah, since the place is about rye's, don't forget to get the Sazerac...after a few, I dubbed it the commissioner sazerac (sic) instead of Sisolak...go figure.
We enjoyed perfectly cooked beef tenderloin and wonderful cocktails during happy hour. The drinks were wonderful and side dishes nice.
OVERCHARGED AND IGNORED!

My girlfriend and I went here for a late dinner about 2 weeks ago.  Nondescript exterior, pretty cool red lounge-y interior.  But, friends, the buck basically stops there.  

Immediately we were greeted by a rank bathroom sewage smell that creeped out of ladies restroom.  That odor persisted throughout our entire meal.

For drinks, we ordered the house brew: really boring beverage; at least it was well priced.  We were starving and ended making a pretty eclectic food order: calamari, mediterranean flatbread, chop salad, pork and figs.  Everything was okay; super rich, a wee salty, but pretty good.

Here's the point of my story: our bill came to $82, we left $16 for the tip and went on our way, glad to be smelling fresh air.  When the bill finally posted, we had been charged $36 for the tip!  I called 5 times, friendly each time, trying to get this rectified.  Each time I was promised a call back.  Not once did anyone call.  I even spoke to the GM/Owner, Nick, who told me he'd take care of it right away and to call back if I didn't see a credit in 24 hours.  The last time I called I was put on hold for a full 4 minutes and hung up.  I called right back; the line was inexplicably busy for the next 20 minutes.  I had to resolve the overcharge directly through the claims department at my bank.

Had they shown any real intention to fix their error and followed through with even a single call I expect we'd go back: ordering better beer and lighter fare, yes, and turning around at the door if it still stank.  Okay.  BUT! to be disregarded entirely despite making my best and patient effort repeatedly leaves me with a foul taste, odor AND impression.  Not Going Back.
Pretty hip joint I must say.  I thought that this place was just a bar that served bar food.  I was delightfully surprised.  

We took full advantage of their late night Happy Hour.  Drinks and food (that of which is listed with a star)!  Carpaccio, yum, shrimp cocktail, yum, calamari, yum.  Haha, get the pattern?  Drinks, wow, very colorful and detailed cocktails that I'm coming back to try more.  

Oh, the mac and cheese bacon was not what I was expecting.  It was good, but not as good as everyone made it to be.  Its seriously mac and cheese with cut up pieces of bacon and then they slap on a bacon slice as a topping.  I've changed my mac and cheese expectations for all the various mac and cheese I've tried around town :P

Great place to get away from the Las Vegas strip life.  They have a video DJ that plays some 80-90's goodies that had me bobbin' my head.  BTW, DJ in a restaurant means seriously loud music.  So not a place to have intimate conversations, you'll be yelling the whole time! 

Love it, We shall be back
This place has an amazing happy hour after midnight! Their steaks are half off and very good. The atmosphere is fun and great to when your on a date of with a big group of people. I didn't expect this place to be as good as it is. I was definitely impressed by the food, service and atmosphere.
Cool unpretentious bar with an extensive menu of classic drinks. The people serving are very helpful and will take the time to explain some of the more detailed or unfamiliar drinks without making you feel stupid. This bar is a class act!
I've been going here for the past few years and yes, it's been consistently lovely. I've taken even a few visitors here for late night eats as it surely beats having graveyard specials at a janky diner. We get to sit in a cozy, dark booth and listen to a really thoughful soundtrack if you like stuff like downtempo.

The main draw is every night from 5pm-8pm and 12am-close is HAPPY HOUR. No, it doesn't include the cocktails, but I believe well drinks and some beers are. The gem of it is the food. There is a limited half off food selection of various types of steaks, a few apps (currently spicy mussels and garlic butter clams), and a entree of linguine and clams. 

Get the steak! Its good quality for the price. I normally go with the 18oz ribeye (ends up like $20 at HH) or the Kansas City Bone In 12oz ( I believe $15 during HH) and it's been tender, cooked to the right temperature, and seasoned well that I don't put any steak sauce. It comes with one side and their sides are great here. I really like their truffle mac n cheese, sweet potato tots, or super garlicky spinach. No it isn't your dirt cheap steak special, but you get what you pay for and it's a great value considering the quality. We've brought even the BFs grandma and mom recently and both approved of the steak and would like us to bring them back.  

We also get the spicy mussels often during HH. It's a rather large pot they give you for the $11 HH price and the marinara is garlicky, a bit spicy, and needs to be sopped up. Ask for more bread - theirs is delicious, hot out the oven. 

They serve some of my favorite consistent drinks. Drinks here don't rotate so much, but are all classic cocktails using a lot of small batch spirits so it speaks to my heart.  The BFs and my drink of choice is the Vieux Carr'e (Rye, Cognac, Benedictine, Sweet Vermouth, Peychauds Bitters, Angostura Bitters) since its just alcohol on top of more alcohol. I just find I like less sweet stuff over the years and just want something unfussy and you can taste the nuances of the alcohol. If I want something tart and refreshing for a change, I go for Blackthorn or Moscow Mules. I find both great for summer. I've also ordered mystery drinks here and have been pleased, whatever I was given. I think at this point they can peg my tastes pretty well. I shockingly haven't drank the entire menu yet (but close) and will report back once I do with a running list of what each drink is like.

I think this place will always have a special little spot in my heart. It was actually the place I met all my Yelp friends, for the first time so it holds special memories. And throughout the years the steaks and the drinks have never disappointed.
I have always heard about Herbs and Rye. From co workers and locals alike, so I ventured out for a first..

We arrived about midnight. As we entered it was dim and very relaxing. We were greeted by Joshua, a very welcoming young man, eager to give us a great experience. We started out with the Beef Carpaccio (w/ aoli, balsamic, caper berries, and wild rocket arugula). It had to be one of the best carpaccios I've had in a while. The dish presented tasted very fresh, and had a great presentation. The carpaccio was smooth and delicate. Not too "beefy". the other key factors was the aoli and balsamic, making this dish enjoyable as well as flavorful. The capers helped balance out the arugula. All in all it got our appetite ready for the main course, and most certainly our taste buds were amused.  My date and I had a "Martinez" cocktail to start. It complimented it well as it made us feel like we were in the 'Good Ol' Days' of Vegas once again. Our server recommended this for us, and we were glad he did so.

For our entree my date had the Kansas City steak (bone in) cooked medium. I had the ribeye (medium rare). For sides we both had garlic whipped mashed potatoes, the 'infamous' truffle mac n' cheese, and the garlicky spinach. When our entrees were delivered, once again presentation was extraordinary. Our steaks were cooked to perfection and the sides were mouthwatering. The garlic whipped mashed potatoes weren't as "plain" as you ordinary mashed potato dish. They had a subtle character to them. The truffle mac n' cheese was everything we had heard about and then some. Made the entire meal even more enjoyable. Then there was our garlicky spinach. it was nothing like we expected. The spinach was vibrant, full of life. Not mushy and 'can like'.  Would definitely recommend for tourists and locals. Will be here again soon.
laughably over-priced.   24 bucks for appetizer mussels?  that takes some balls.  even if they gave you 6 or 7 pounds it's still over-priced.  steaks that can cost over 300 bucks?  i've been to some pretty good steak houses in vegas and i haven't seen prices like this anywhere.  impossible to enjoy such rediculously overpriced food.
We went here for a work related function. There was 20+ people in our party. The service was fast and efficient, the food was fantastic and the drinks were the best part.  New york strip and truffle mac and cheese!! To top off the whole deal, we made it in before happy hour and all steaks and appetizers were half price! Next time I'm in vegas i will be visiting Herb's and Rye!
I've been here several times, and my experience has been mixed.  The atmosphere is great, the service dependable, and the drinks are really good.  However, the food is very hit or miss.  I've had times where the steak is delicious and other times where its made me throw up, same thing with the mac and cheese.  

Their drink menu is a big plus, but while they are priced around standard 8-9 dollars per cocktail, they are on the smaller side.  

Wish I could like this, but probably won't be back here for awhile considering I threw up my last few meals at H&R.
Currently in my top 5 places to drink in the world!  First rate cocktail menu, second to none.  Excellent bar staff that knows what they're doing.  As I recall...and its not always easy to remember the details after nights like this...I enjoyed 3 classic drinks from their menu:  all gin based, all historical.  I talked with the bartender about what I liked about each and what else I'm drawn to in cocktails, and then asked him to take that info and create me something new.  It was the perfect drink...and unfortunately I have no recollection of what it was!  Job well done!  We also enjoyed some nibbles...a very nice flatbread...but thats all I remember.  Also, one bartender was hot enough to warrant sneaking a photo...so there's that.
The good:  Great happy hour items to choose from like the half off steaks.  The spicy Thai wings and clams were delicious! The atmosphere is very old school Vegas, dark and intimate. 

The bad:  Automatic 20% gratuity.  Not a fan of the auto gratuity.  I feel like it makes the wait staff a little lazy since they don't have to worry about good service equaling  a good tip.  We weren't even having dinner items and half our party of six left halfway through the evening.  

The ugly.  Our waitress, Debra, doesn't believe in giving back your entire amount of change on the bill,  To me this is sort of stealing.  Not that it was a huge amount but you already got your 20% and I imagine if she did this to us it's probably her common practice and that adds up after a while and that's not cool.
Great classic cocktails done by great BARTENDERS not mixologists.  The food is phenomenal as well.  My lady cannot get enough of the carpaccio that is covered in arugula.  The flat breads are very good as well and the butcher portion of the menu...whoa.  Definitely a local gem and worth checking out. We go several times a month.
It pains me to give the delicious food here such a low rating, but there are two reasons for it.

1. The prices. Without the Happy Hour, the prices here are ridiculous. You can go to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse for these prices and get a far superior cut of meat for the same prices, if not less.

2. The service. Oye. We were a party of 7. Normally, I'm very forgiving of mistakes in a big party. Things are just bound to go wrong when you have that many people to serve. That wasn't the problem here. The problem was that we were in the restaurant for almost 2 hours and saw our waiter 4 times. Maybe 5. He came and took our orders, then he disappeared. 35 minutes later, we haven't received any of our food, and we haven't seen our waiter in 35 minutes. Several of us wanted to order another round of drinks and were stuck trying to waive someone down. No one ever came. Finally, he came with our food and we quickly ordered drinks while we had him. He disappeared again until he came around with our check.

The worst part is, the restaurant wasn't even crowded when we were there. I counted 7 or 8 other tables that were seated, that was about it. When you've got a big party and you know you're getting a mandatory tip, that shouldn't be grounds to just ignore the group and collect your cash at the end of the night. If there had been a manager going around asking how patrons were doing, we might have been able to point out our problem to him. But there wasn't. Guess bad service starts at the top and works its way down.

To be fair, the food itself was delicious, which is why I'm still not giving it 1 star. Everyone was happy with how everything came out and all the meat was cooked perfectly. The flavors here are fabulous.  It's a great spot for some yummy food, but I'd suggest never going in large parties or during regularly priced hours.
This place is fantastic. The food is always amazing, the steak is so delicious. we first ordered the caprese salad, which was amazing but the size was too small for us, so we also ordered the spicy steamed mussels. The mussles were amazing!! it was a huge pot, I would even recommened ordering it as your entree if you wanted seafood. I ordered steak of course! The flavor of the meat is so wonderful, they only put a few salt, pepper, and baselmic butter on it when cooking. My personal favorite is the new york strip. It was a perfectly cooked medium steak. the side I picked was the mac and cheese with truffle oil. THIS WAS AMAZING! I would love to have a recipe for this!  The only reason i dont give them 5 stars is all based on the cocktails. I know they are supposed to be known for their cocktails but i personally wasnt a fan. I tried three different kinds and they all seemed to be way to sour for my taste. my face actually hurt from the puckering of my cheeks. I switched to beers lol. I will be back for more though!
A rally great happy hour with most of the steaks being 50% off.  I enjoyed a solid flat iron for $14.99, not the best steak I've ever had, but definitely memorable enough to give a repeat visit.

I also ordered the donuts (based on so many comments) and they were so soft, warm and delicious and having the white chocolate and caramel dipping sauce was the perfect finish to the meal!
Read some of the reviews prior to making my decision on this place, so my expectations were pretty high based of the reviews. For a Saturday night, past midnight, crowd was not bad. Place was clean and music was awesome! They played a lot of old school jams w/videos, which I thought was pretty neat. The bartenders were quick and kept traffic moving along. However, the food-a bit too pricey. For those prices might as well go to a nice steakhouse. The waitresses spent most of their time chit chatting with the D.j. and shooting the breeze with the bartenders instead of attending to all the tables waiting to be served. Fun place for drinks, probably not the best place to go to if you're hungry. Long wait, expensive and not worth the price.
Decided to come here late night for a late Valentina's dinner with the boyfriend. Good size restaurant and bar with a sexy and dark vibe. I absolutely love dark little spots like this. So thumbs up for that part! 

I decided to order the filet mignon (half off cuz of the 12-3am happy hour) and truffle Mac and cheese. The filet mignon was nice and juicy and I absolutely love that it was half off! The truffle mac and cheese was yummy as well. im a huge mac n cheese fan and this did not disappoint me! 'The only complaint I have is the service, took about 10 min to finally get someone at our table. She was just really boring and made me feel like I had to rush to eat lol.  Didn't really check on us to see how we were doing either.  This is probably why I had to give this place 3 stars! Sorry guys. But food was great!
For me the atmosphere was better than the meal.  From the outside, it looks like your standard neighborhood bar, but on the inside, you'll think you stepped into a trendy new hotspot at the Wynn or the Bellagio.  Dim lighting, attractive servers, and groovy music all come together nicely.  I especially like the old movies playing on the flat-screens above the bar.

About the food:  Appetizer was great.  Entree was not so great.  I ordered these marinated meatballs as a starter that had wonderful flavor.  I should have made a meal out of them, but opted for the filet mignon with a mac & cheese side.  Be careful how you order it because medium well somehow got translated into well-done.  So my steak arrived as a flavorless, dried-out piece of beef jerky.  And the mac & cheese was a little too bland for my taste.  To be fair though, my buddy ordered the same steak medium RARE and his looked (and tasted) much better.  I also preferred his mushroom side to my mac & cheese.  Those were the best marinated shrooms I've ever eaten.  So altogether, I'd say the food can be hit or miss.

About the price.  I thought for a "$$" designation, I would be under $30 (Yardhouse pricing), but after an appetizer, entree with a side, and a decent tip (20%), I was into this meal for $75.  I wasn't on a date; I was just grabbing a late-night dinner with a friend. So this was a bit more than I wanted to pay.

Would I go here again? Sure, but maybe during happy hour when the menu is a little cheaper.
My date and I arrived a little past 9:00 on a Monday night and sat at the bar. There were just a few other diners in the place, so that and the dim lighting provided an intimate atmosphere.

Our bartender was friendly and attentive. We order a couple of vintage cocktails from the really excellent menu. The menu divides its cocktails into historical drinking periods and reveals its recipe sources.

The food was excellent. We began with the Beef Carpaccio with arugula and Gorgonzola (at least I think that's what the cheese was. Might be off here) which was delicious. Then came the Pork with Fig -- a bone-in, thick pork cutlet served on garlic mash surrounded by a fig sauce and topped again with Gorgonzola (again, my memory may be off regarding the cheese).

We finished the meal with a side of bacon truffle mac and cheese and sweet potato tots topped with toasted marshmallow.  Both of these dishes were amazing, as were the additional cocktails we ordered.

If you're looking for a night out to slow down and really savor some great atmosphere, food and drinks, then Herbs & Rye may be the place for you. We spent $100 on 5 drinks total and 4 plates of food that we shared. For so many interesting and unusual tastes, I thought this was a great value.
We went here for after dinner cocktails. 
If you are ever in Vegas and want to get away from the strip I would have to say go here. Something low key. It's a prohibition gangster style bar and steakhouse. 

The cocktails are $10 each which is not bad for Vegas prices.  They also have a beer that they make. I believe it's an IPA. That was hoppily delightful. 

Although I did not eat there the food looked and smelled great. Although that was closer to Vegas prices but I think still a little cheaper. 

You won't find cran and vodka here. Not even a manhattan. Think rye, absinthe, and bourbon based drinks. The bartenders are very friendly and can recommend something if you are unsure about the ingredients (a few drinks have egg white for "froth and a creamy texture")

I have been to Vegas several times and I will definitely be coming back here on my next trip. 

Also happy hour (or hours) are 5p-8p and midnight-3a.
Don't ever come here!! The food is amazing, but it's not worth the terrible service. I have come here with friends about 8 times, hoping each time the service will be better, but no luck. I once waited an hour and 23 minutes for my food. It has become a game for us, how long will it take for a draft beer to come to our table? 32 minutes!! I ordered a steak one night, and was still working on it when the waitress picked it up to take it away. I told her I was not done, and she held the plate for me to eat it out of her hand! I finished my steak with her holding it for me, and she stormed off as if I was an inconvenience for her. Another time we told them we had a group of about 12 people coming, and I was told we are not allowed to have more than 6 people. I looked in the dining room and there was noone in there. I asked if we could push some tables together for our large group and they said no. It's such a shame because their food is amazing and their signature cocktails are delicious. Unfortunately, I will not be going back again.
How do you go to a place and receive a steak that is worth 5 stars, and your date get a steak worth 1? Well unfortunately that was my first experience of Herbs & Rye. I truly had high expectations after all the reviews and recommendations by fellow elites.  
I am giving 3 stars for my first and only trip, in hopes that I will return for a 4 or 5. 
So let's begin shall we? I get off work at 11pm, and recently have been finding a lot of late night foodie happy hours. When I heard about half price steak including BONE IN, new York, and Ribeyes selection I was sold!
They also offer $5 wells, and $2-3 beers during happy hour which is 5pm-8pm and 12am-3am. 
However they have a large selection of old school speakeasy style drinks so $10 a drink it was! I had a Jack Rose. Which was apple liquor, in house grenadine, and lime. Strong, good, worth the $$. 
We both ordered the 18oz ribeye. 
One, medium well with a blue cheese crust. (perfection)
Second, medium add mushrooms and onions. (horrible, fatty, and cooked rare & bloody)
All of our sides were awesome. Truffle mac, broccoli with cheese sauce, and jalapeno creamed corn. I felt bad sitting there devouring my delicious steak while my boyfriend watched. We did send his back and it was taken off the check. 
Oh I almost forgot, our appetizer of chicken wings, were some of the best wings I have had in life ever. They forgot our ranch, and we didn't even care. The sauce was insanely good. Honestly after the bad steak- the sides, wings, and drinks are what will get us to return. 
The service was pretty good, but she seemed a bit timid after returning our steak. In my opinion she should have been the opposite. 
I will keep you posted if I return.
Returned here for happy hour a couple weeks after my initial visit. Two of us had the New York Strip and the other in our group had the Kansas City. These were great steaks. I had the spice rub on mine, while a blue cheese mix was applied to the other two. Delicious. And the happy hour prices meant half off the steaks. Combined with a side item that came with each steak, this meal was outstanding, tasty and incredible value.
I heard good things about Herbs and Rye...must try dishes and what not.  We were already full after a great dinner in Chinatown so, we only went here for a few drinks during happy hour.  I was already pretty "happy" by the time I got here so, I just got myself a Chimay Red and a Moscow Mule per Elnino F's recommendation.  The Moscow Mule did not disappoint.  It tasted a bit like the Brazilian lemonade I drink at Fogo de Chao but with alcohol.

There's a bar and some booths with plush seats.  It had a great vibe to it and what I loved most about this place is that they were playing Kaskade, Moony, Samantha James, etc.  It's important to note that the men's and women's bathrooms are opposite and completely separate from each other (women's close to the entrance, men's towards the back of the bar).  I know after a few drinks, things can get pretty confusing.

The service was great.  Our server checked on us from time to time.
I most dig this Ol' Skool SpeakEasy type joint with a brief history lesson on prohibition era crafted cocktails.  Unfortunately, I didnt experience the wheel of a deal during happy hour, but I didn't regret even one sip paying full price!  Open up the menu and you will find a brief description on the origin or a fun fact of each cocktail.  From the Sazarac to the Moscow Mule chilled and served in its original copper mug, each one is worth giving a try.  The Bartenders take their trade seriously here which makes for a very artful show on its own!
Finally made it to H&E!

Since we just had an amazing dinner, I came here completely full...so no half price steaks for me!

We ordered a handful of beers and some cocktails.....they weren't cheap, but not obnoxiously overpriced either.  

Just being this kind of hole in the wall place, I would have thought the drinks be a little cheaper...at least during happy hour anyways.  I don't know if I would have ever stopped in here if it wasn't for Yelp.

The environment is clean and comfortable though, and the service was good.  It would be a good place to come for drinks, and maybe for the steaks I keep hearing about :)
Despite an earlier review from a fellow Yelper, Debra was an actually very good server, if not one of the best I've ever had. (Gotta take Yelp with a grain of salt) We came in at 11pm sat in the bar booths and missed the happy hour. 

Pro: food is generous in portion, even the flatbreads ($14)- 8 huge slices! I'm used to Blue Martinis flat bread which is a rip-off. The mac and cheese  ($7.5) was delicious and cheesy and flavored really well. Caesar salad was beautiful in presentation, but it took work chopping it up. The 3 Filet Mignon sliders were delicious, flavorful and just well put together. As opposed to the dried out sliders at Sugar Factory. I've sworn off the rip-off that are sliders just because of Sugar Factory.

Cons: The Diablo ($10) took forever to arrive- 10 minutes I'd say. It was only 4 people in the bar and we accounted for 2 of them. Not sure if the bartender forgot or maybe he was juicing the Agave?

 The server forgot to ask how we wanted our sliders prepared, which arrived medium rare. A real filet mignon is fine med-rare, but a ground up burger med-rare is close to raw. 

More specificity on the menu i.e. how many of each item- $11 for a meatball appetizer is unheard of outside of LAVO.  It's 3 meatballs btw.


Overall, Herbs & Rye re-imagines what real food is in Vegas. Not only was I surprised at the complex flavors of the food, but the mood and ambiance of such a quaint unassuming building really makes me want to go back.
Ok half off steaks is a pretty killer deal, especially for a fantastic steak, let's be honest! Also had the little neck clams which were amazing and the spinach parpadelle pasta which was prepared great and tasted delicious!cocktails were on point, unique and tasty. The trance music was a little off putting with the classic speakeasy vibe, i felt like it clashed. Being in the service industry I'm a big fan of friendly and knowledgeable servers, I think our girl was named dawn or Donna and she was super sweet.It did, however, take awhile for me to get a second cocktail and for us to get the check. When we first got there the hostess said we could sit at the bar and we would have a table shortly, but they forgot about us and my boyfriend had to go remind them. Those are the only things keeping it from being perfect though, definitely coming back and definitely into the atmosphere and good food!
We went to H & R for our anniversary...big mistake. This is a place that really doesn't know who it is or wants to be. The bar has potential as well as the food but when you mix expensive drinks with overpriced food and a wait staff that tries to get by on there looks with little or no concern for their guests you have chaos.
We were lucky enough to go during Happy Hour. If not, our 2 entrees and 3 drinks each would have been $165 instead of $140!
The steaks are priced like the Wynn as opposed to a dive on West Sahara!
The drinks are $10 each or more...my wife's glass of reisling was $12 for 3 oz!
The kicker...the server never thought to ask if they could buy us a shared dessert for our special day. I never thought about it til my wife mentioned it on the way home.
Would I go back..sure if I can get someone to give me a loan for dinner!
After volunteering at the Wine Walk at Town Square for 4 hours, it was already close to 10:30pm and BFF Mel C. and I still needed to eat some food, even though it was way past my bedtime.  We picked Herbs & Rye on the fly and it was a nice choice, especially since they stay open late.

I had:
tomato bisque with grilled cheese 
side of truffle mac n cheese
some of the calamari that Mel ordered

First of all, it's dark in there.  I had a hard time reading my menu.  They play really good music.  The service is great and our food came out fast.  Maybe because I couldn't see that well in the dark or because I was sleepy, I didn't realize my soup came with a grilled cheese sandwich.  I probably wouldn't have ordered the mac n cheese side, but then again, I love mac n cheese and theirs was flavorful. I enjoyed everything I had except the calamari.  There was too much going on there with some assorted toppings and I'm not even sure what they were:  green peppers, green onions, some kind of mayo dressing?  I had to dig towards the bottom of the bowl to get to some of the calamari that was untouched by all that stuff.  
Overall, it was a great meal and I enjoyed the ambiance of the place.  We'll have to go back to try one of the alcoholic concoctions on the menu that looked great and when I'm more awake.
Herbs & Rye was one of those late dinners with Terri R that was on a whim.  Herbs & Rye looks like a pub on the outside, even has that feel when you walk in. All I know is that it was a very long day, I was starving, and anything that was food would have hit the spot.  In other words, I didn't expect much coming in. Maybe a good thing that I didn't expect much because I was actually surprised by the menu.  I expected nothing but fried dishes or meals with zero sustenance. What I found was a menu ranging from apps to steaks.  Prices are not pub prices though.  Price here is what you are to expect at a steakhouse.  A ton of really tempting items on this menu like Filet Mignon and Lobster, Burgers, and other steak options.  

With all the recent talk about White Castle here in Vegas for the last couple of days (compliments of the Foodie Fest), I decided on their sliders.  The presentation of these sliders is probably the best I've seen in awhile.  It at least kicks White Castle's butt.  I thought that the sliders were pretty good, but just a little rich.  We also got their fully loaded calamari.  To me, I thought it was one big workout killing mess.  It had a ton of what appears to be mayo, bacon, and some other add ons.  Both Terri and I, scraped off this mess and ate some calamari the way it should be eaten.  

As for the ambiance, you can say that you get two types.  When you walk in, you have the bar to the right where all the action is.  It's louder, brighter, and this is where everyone else is eating.  Then you got the quiet side where it's dimmer, quiet, and barely where anyone is dining.  Normally, I'm good with either side. But on this night, the dining was a little too tight on the bar side. So, we ate where it was quieter and darker.  Since it was also late, keeping ourselves from falling asleep was a challenge in itself.  My other concern is that we would be forgotten and our orders never taken.  This wasn't an issue at Herbs & Rye.  Regardless which side you choose to eat, service seems to be right on. 

Overall, Herbs & Rye is a decent place to meet with friends, grab a drink, and some dinner.  I'm not a huge fan of pubs in general, but I still have my favorites.  Herbs and Rye can easily be one of them.  

PS:  I don't drink, but there's a some great Happy Hour specials here.  For all you HH dudes and gals, give this place a try. 


Sliders:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=hsoYlp9buT_qd3CKSPNLcg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Calamari (Fully Loaded):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=oTvwbAcO-gfxqfjK8Vot7g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Bread:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=wZ9FjsP6w30y6bUVLvBrtA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

You Know It!:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ll-CTLfvRCBFiNe7aWxfrA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Doughnuts, ribeye, drinks and happy hour. Amazing, happy hour from open to 8pm and 12am to close. half off steaks!
Great ambiance! The Pork and figs to die for... Very good staff... Great cocktails. had an awesome birthday dinner with delicious donuts
I'm a really big fan of Herbs & Rye. I've only gone a couple times so far, but the perfect storm of quality food, excellent customer service and happy hour half priced steaks has won me over immensely. 

Each time I have come here I have been treated awesomely right from stepping in the door and being greeted by the friendly hostess. And the waitresses Donna and Debbie are fantastic as well. They are friendly and they go above and beyond to take care of you. 

I have opted for the 18 oz. Rib-Eye both times and have been very pleased with it. Rib-Eye is my go to steak in most any circumstance. I did try a bite of the New York Strip and that was pretty fantastic too. The sides are incredible. My favorite is the truffle mac and cheese, but I have also been a fan of the garlic mashed potatoes and the truffle parmesan french fries. The steaks come with one side order and during happy hour, they are an absolute deal. They also have $5 well drinks and I think a $3 amber ale, if I remember correct. If you want Jack, they charge you $8. That's my one knock against this place, but I'll live. The bread also isn't bad and definitely hits the spot while you wait. Nothing really to write home about, but better than nothing while you wait. 

The ambiance of the place is pretty classy. It's dim and the walls are lined with a nice velvet looking wall paper that looks pretty elegant. It's the kind of place you would probably want to dress up a little for. 

Overall, Herbs is most likely going to be a regular spot of mine when I need my steak fix. If you haven't checked it out, do yourself a favor and head over there. Best time would be during one of their happy hours. The first one is from 5 to 8 and I think the second one starts at 11. Oh and they're currently in the process of changing out their beer and wine menu along with adding a few food items including a Porterhouse. More reasons to check back.
Why does the filet mignon taste like carne asada? 

So upset that my meal wasn't as delicious as usual, actually so upset I probably won't be coming back for a long while. My boyfriend and I would always come to Herbs n Rye for our steak and potato fix. Usually, it would always hit the spot, but not this time. It seems like its under new management (not a good thing). I have a few things to complain about, I suppose, and I hardly ever complain about my experiences with food. This is actually my first yelp review. 

I'm pretty damn sure they raised their prices on a few food items. The filet mignon happened to be one of them. That's my usual with a few sides. The sides were up to par with my past experiences, but the filet mignon is the reason for this review. It used to be $34 for it (not happy hour) and now it's $10 more! The worst part about this is the fact that my filet tasted nothing like a filet mignon! If anything, it tasted like carne asada. The meat wasn't cooked medium well (what I ordered), it was completely well-done. I don't know what the hell is up with this "butterfly cook method" but no. Never again. The meat was not tender at all, usually it "melts" in my mouth, and it wasn't thick or rounded like how a filet mignon is supposed to look. Maybe it wasn't even a filet mignon, even though the bill said it was. Also, not impressed with the service or that techno/electronic music shit like every other restaurant in Vegas. I'm going to miss that classy vibe from Herbs n Rye:(
Tasty cocktails, unique and historical recipes.  Not so great appetizer menu.  Prices seemed a little high and the only food on the "happy hour" menu seemed to be steak.....strange.  Exterior definitely does not match the interior, which is cooler than it first appears when you drive up.
Happy hour was awesome! Steak melted in my mouth!
UPDATE! I am just not ok with knowing I have a 3 star review for this place. The first time I went I had a great experience and my bf had a horrible one (read previous review) However, I talked him into going back and since we've returned 3 more times! We always go for happy hour between midnight and 3am. After trying 3 different steaks my favorite is the Bone in Kansas City cooked medium well add herbs and rye rub. I've had the blue cheese crust and the mushrooms and onions toppers. Both are yummy but they don't top the rub. Another highlight is the chicken wings. They are so different from any wings I have ever tried. I also had a chopped salad that was a meal in itself. I don't know what it is but every time I go here, I eat every single bite of everything. Appetizer, salads, sides, desserts (get the donuts) EVERYTHING! 
The mixology is one of a kind. Whether you choose one of the old school vivations, or a simple cran & vodka- its made special every time. They truly aim to please. So ignore the fact that this place looks like a hole in the wall bar, because once you walk thru those doors you are in a whole new time. A classy, enjoyable one.
How do you review a place where the food was excellent, the service pretty good, but the sit you in what looks to be the dance floor and in the corner of it to boot? A solid three stars is my guess. There's a great selection of cocktails from the older times of these being the "cool drinks" and some great food.  If I had to pay the full price (go during Happy Hour...period) I'm sure there'd be less stars given, but for the price (and company of friends in a trendy place) I'll keep it on the list of places to go.
I will begin by saying I am bias. I will continue by saying my dining experience was fruitful, I didn't despise this place nor do I now. But the touted "three-star" Herbs & Rye has received is solely based on what happened after the restaurant. Maybe I'm just as bitter as the beer I received, not a complaint, or maybe I'm just indifferent cause I have had world class bistec in my time, not a complaint. 

I came here on a weekday, I believe it was a Thursday. To get it started, we went during Happy Hour. Happy Hour is from 5-8pm and 12am to some un-Godly hour. It includes the choice steaks, well drinks and beer and some appetizers and such. A fair deal for steaks you usually overpay for in most cases. I came here with a bunch of friends for a nice relaxing, cheaper than usual meal.

I won't complain about much, the service was great and I wasn't misled on any of the items. Usually when you go to a place, the server will try and sway you from the Happy Hour deal for their own benefit. Not here, our waiter pretty much made it seem like we were crazy to choose any of the full priced items. I ordered a Red Amber beer because it was Happy Hour and when I got it, it was a little warm. He did tell me they were changing the keg, but I assumed that it would still be cool. Not in this case, I still drank the darn thing because I have problems, but it wasn't as refreshing as I probably expected. 

Speaking on my behalf, I ordered the "Bone in Kansas City Strip," which I added a spice to the steak (it started with a Ch- kind of deal, I can't recall - but it was olive oil, garlic and thyme I want to say). You also get a free side and I splurged and got the truffle mac n' cheese. Overall  the meal was delicious and I was super full after eating. I wish that you didn't have to pay 3 bucks to put the topping on the steak, but I mean when you're paying half price for $30-40 steak it's worth it. My steak did have bone in, but it was oddly peculiar that there was bone also lining the rim of portions of my steak. A tedious process to cut around, but again, steak is steak and a man likes to work and earn his food. 

Okay, so I left and proceeded to have a horrible night. I spent more time with the toilet then I did with my girlfriend that night, our date night. My stomach did not feel good and I was miserable after. Maybe it's the mess that is my body or maybe it's the food I ate, but I didn't enjoy the feeling. I haven't ever had food poisoning and I don't think I even had it at all, but the feeling after the meal I had wasn't normal. That being said, it may be a little bit till I go back because I may have to get bowel reconstruction (a joke -__- ). I don't blame on it on the place, but I just have to say I didn't feel like that until after the food. So, I applaud the efforts of the Herbs and Rye staff and I will be back. But when my bowel is ready for another round. Otherwise, people should come here for some decently priced food and drinks!
went there on a memorial weekend vegas trip on advice from Yelp .. sooo glad I did. ive never had a steak sooo good.. ribeye with blue cheese crust and filet mignon with herbs and rye rub.. truffle mac and asparagus.. went during 5 -8 happy hr.. half price steaks were $22.  and $24.. the others on the menu just sound insanely expensive. but these were worth $50 each..soooo goood!!! yummmm!!! waiter was a cool young man..no complaints... they played old black and white mobster movies in the bar which has booths too!! its tiny.. pitch black with a dim light to barely see your waiters face.. LOVE IT!!  bartender was a total cutie old school kinda guy..made some amazing cocktails too!! must try the Pims Cup Cucumber Mint drink! GULP!!!  sides were extra. total for two with one drink each.. including tip $85...  worth that and more due to flavor explosion!! also medium rare was cooked perfect!!  we got there right at 5pm. it was not very busy but full and food wasnt fast but perfectly timed!!!  the outside looks like a crappy night club.. lol.. dont let that fool you.. we will return on our next vegas trip for sure!!!!  one thing im confused on is our waiter said they didnt have any happy hour drink specials..?? WTF?  we ate in the bar in a nice comfy booth!  the music is quite loud which i would have loved if they werent playing the pop Beyonce hip hop .. didnt fit the scene or the customers..
Drink menu - so many choices, so much fun.  I tend to try something new, then order a Moscow Mule, partly because it comes in a cute little tin mug.

Food - yummy flatbreads...and the Pork & Fig is sooo good!
Came here because we've heard such good things and let me start off by saying the HH menu was shortened tremendously in regards to food. Aside from the half priced steaks, there were only 3 appetizers that were half off. Started off with the chicken wings with Thai sauce, we really liked it. Nice crisp wings and the sauce was good too. We all decided to order some type of steaks, I had the Kansas Steak and my 2 other friends ordered the rib eye. Our sides were truffle fries, truffle mac n cheese, and mashed potatoes. My Kansas Steak was really good and my friends agreed their rib eyes were delicious as well. I had the mashed potatoes, which I really enjoyed too. The food is worth coming back for hands down, however the reason for my 2 star review is because the service was horrible. Our server was Ronnie and he seemed kind of un patient with us. For instance, when we asked him to explain the HH to our friend who came late because it's kind of complicated, he rudely adds "Not really" and then explains to her what is included. There was an attitude problem I felt like to the point we were going to walk out.  Whenever we asked him for something we felt like we were walking on egg shells. My friends and I all work in service industries and know what it takes to be rude to a customer and this guys certainly was. I certainly do hope he was just having a bad day because we really enjoyed the food.
The only place where happy hour = 1/2 off cuts of steak!

Came here for date night with the bf on a Thursday around 6pm. While it was 100 degrees and sunny outside, the restaurant was incredibly dark and had a very old-fashioned Las Vegas saloon vibe. 

The menu was quite expansive with the majority of it consisting of drinks. They offer authentic classic cocktails that are worth the trip to the restaurant alone. These bad boys set you back $10 each, but they are worth it. I had the Remember the Main (it was a strong drink since it had Absinthe in it) and a Lion's Tail. These drinks were absolutely delectable and I just wish they were included in the happy hour. I'd be visiting this bar much more often then!

The bf and I split the special that night, a 24 oz porterhouse steak with one side (we picked button mushrooms) for $29. At that price, it was a no brainer. This steak was arguable one of the best steaks I've ever had. It had a gorgeous charred sear on the outside but was deliciously moist and flavorful on the inside. They have options to add on blue cheese or a dry spice rub, but we wanted to enjoy the steak in all it's natural glory. It was absolutely delicious. Both sides we had, button mushrooms and the garlic mash, were great and completed the meal.

For dessert, we split their homemade donuts. I'm not much of a dessert person, but these were incredible. You get both the soft and fluffy donuts and donut holes along with a dark chocolate and white chocolate dipping sauce. These were soooo good. 

Both their food and drinks were exceptional and I will definitely be back. Date night seal of approval!
Happy hour 5 pm - 8 am and midnight to 3 am.

My buddy and I decided to have a man date one night but we couldn't wait for the reverse happy hour because both of us had to work the next day. Well, it was just me. 

We were greeted promptly and sat on a semi-circle. It was an awkward setting for us two. it seriously felt like a date.

Shared a plate of Carpaccio (beef, arugula, balsamic). Mmmm-mmmm-mmm. At first, I couldn't find the meat, I thought it was just a plate of arugula. But because of the dim lighting, it was really there, under the arugulas. But my oh my, delish and refreshing.  It was a hint of bitterness, sweetness and saltiness. All my senses were confused in the right way.

As for drinks we got two...can't remember exactly what the names were mine was Scowoff? Scawhoff? S something. Even our server corrected me. My buddy got the drink with that comes with fire. Anyway, my drink was like a manhattan but with lemony goodness. 

Gosh, I wasn't even drunk but it sounds like I was based on this review. Haha. I would come back here to see what the happy hour is all about. Maybe have a plate of meat for me or clams.
You can't beat this place especially during happy hour where most of the steaks are half off. Not only are they half off but they might be some of the best steaks I've ever tried! I had the NY Strip, which was cooked to perfection and just seasoned perfectly. I didn't need any sauces or additions to make it taste better.

I thought the drinks were good but the prices were a bit steep (but not unexpected).

The donuts were to die for. Seriously the best I've had... and the dipping sauces were the absolute perfect complement! Wow! It is worth a trip just for these!!!

The atmosphere has that dark, prohibition feel. I wasn't sure what to think of it initially but it works. They play music from the era which adds to the ambiance. And finally, the service was super friendly and spot on. 

I would highly recommend this place if you are visiting Vegas!
great drinks!
Did you say Happy Hour from 5 pm to 8 pm?  Wait! AND half price steaks?  Had dinner with a friend before a show at the Smith Center.  Herbs and Rye is in the old Venetian Italian restaurant.  Loved the dark speakeasy vibe and brick walls.  Caution: let your eyes adjust or you will run over the hostess!  We started with the calmari appetizer.  It was crispy and served with a delicious aioli.  The crispy pancetta was a nice touch.  BTW - it was a very large serving. I order the filet mignon and it melted in my mouth!  My side was the crispy truffle french fries.  YUM!  They have an extensive cocktail list that is sectioned by time period.  I opted for the French 75.  It is one of my favorite cocktails and Herbs and Rye did not disappoint!
Our server was awesome and kept us on schedule for our 7:30 show!  Love Herbs and Rye!
After driving by this place countless times and saying "i'm going to go there sometime," I finally made it thanks to Mario S, Anthony M, Tien and others. Happy Hour is the way to go otherwise I can't see spending that kind of money here. Even on happy hour it adds up quick if you are not careful. Steaks, Mac & Cheese and linguini with clams were all very good.

Atmosphere and staff were top notch. I'll just leave it at the single guys weren't complaining about the girls that work there. Plan to visit this place every once in a while moving forward. Great spot to meet up with friends for drinks and food.
You cannot beat this place during their happy hour. Old time movies playing on the tv screens and a menu that points out that their steaks are half off during their happy hour. Our waiter was super awesome because he totally realized that I am frugal. When ordering a drink, he let us know if a drink was going to be half off or not, which I totally appreciated. I have frequented places that will happily "do you dirty" and not mention when something isn't part of their special to jack up the price of the bill. Food was pretty decent. Only complaint is that it was super dark in there. We needed our phones to look at the menu.
My husband and I went here for our anniversary. We both got steaks. I had mine with the herbs & rye spice mixture. I usually have to get my steaks medium well or well... (yeah, I know...), but I got mine medium, and it was great. 

I also tried the Pimm's cup. It was delicious. I would love to have one with Indian food. It seems like it would complement it well.

The atmosphere is nice. It kind of feels like you're in a classic movie. haha.
I don't drink so I'm no help there, but the food at this place is incredible.  Started with the bruschetta, had a caesar salad, then entree of penne pasta.  All of it was awesome, prices were fair, service was top notch.  The owner came over and introduced himself, very nice guy and I've been told he is there every night making sure the drinks and food come out perfect.  This place seems very popular too - parking lot was full and the bar did not have an empty seat.  Classy decor - not overdone but very homey and warm.
This is a excellent local's place to come for a protein fix!

Here's why:

-Happy hour food deals from 5-8 pm---and I don't mean those teeny-tiny bar-tapas things that pass as happy hour food at a lot of places in town! I mean STEAKS baby!!! BIG ONES! (The beef is Choice, not Prime, but it comes from an excellent ranch, and is thick, juicy and tasty.)
-Freshly-made donuts for dessert; one of the best finishers in town. Truly decadent.
-Ronnie the waiter, who's as good as they come: charming, smart, enthusiastic and a real pro. Ronnie rules.

This is a place that I go to and recommend to friends often.
Herbs & Rye has become my favorite restaurant in Vegas.

Herbs & Rye has also become my favorite cocktail bar in Vegas.

To put it simply, the steaks are one of the best in town.  They butcher the meat themselves, the season it perfectly, and it's always at the right temperature you order.

The cocktails are a delight as well.  More of a trip through drinking's history than a cocktail menu, you are practically guaranteed to find your new favorite drink from this menu.

The service is top notch as well. I accidentally ordered something spicy, and before I could ask for something to be done, my meal was remade without question.  I also like a place where I am not lacking water at any time.

And then there is the happy hour.  50% off of most steaks on the menu and many drinks as well.  I paid $22 for my filet mignon.  My incredible filet mignon.

If you want a unique cocktail, a wonderful steak, impeccable service and the best price in town for it all, Herbs & Rye should be your destination.
Awesome place. Really friendly staff, the owner is the nicest guy, also really cool decor. We go for the happy hour. Sit at the bar though because otherwise the service is kinda slow. Only reason I gave 4 stars as opposed to 5.
Order the cream jalapeo corn, and try the linguini with clams. They also have the best steak you will sink your teeth into in the greater Las Vegas area, hands down. 

Amazing happy hour.
The best cocktails I have had in a while!  We came for happy hour, but didn't realize until seeing the menu that the HH special mostly applies to steaks and not much else on the menu.  No problem, we had some delicious calamari and some sweet potato tots with melted marshmallow and bacon bits.  Oh, yeah.
The Hemmingway Cocktail was perfection and service was friendly.  I will definitely be back.
Absolutely love this place! The cocktails here are the star of the show. They hand-craft each cocktail with real passion, resulting in a great tasting drink that is unique. I'm sure most of you have never tried drinks like these!

The restaurant is dimly lit, the staff is friendly, the food fantastic and I love trying cocktails from each era and reading all about them. Perfect for a date night!
Yeah, okay, I know there are a bunch of 5 star ratings on here and very easily they could be justified, maybe we hit the place on the wrong night.

The food with the exception of one thing was excellent, far far better than I was expecting.

For me, the Kansas city cut steak with truffle and parm fries.
For the wife, a Caesars salad and the sliders.

The salad was excellent, a good bite to the dressing, the sliders were also very good, though a little over cooked IMHO.

The steak, while listed as choice, I would not have argued if I had been told it was prime, it was a darn good steak, perfectly cooked.

The fries...Yeah, here we go again..... Okay, the rest of the food shows that the chef knows how to cook and present good food, damn good food in fact, so why does he think that buy in bulk US food fries should in any way, shape or form be found in this restaurant ?????

Seriously, this place could easily hit it out of the park, but when you are charging $7.50 for fires, hand cut them, they taste better, they look better and they are cheaper in the long run.

So now you are probably wondering why I only gave 3 stars, sure if you know the way I rate places you would be thinking a 4 star review, well yep, minus 1 star for the BS fries.

But the service, wow, yeah, this was the let down for me in a big way, the place isn't that big, there were 3 waitresses working and yet they all seemed to be running around doing nothing, as I said, maybe a bad night, those do happen, but it really could have been so much better. Slow to take the order, slow to get drinks, slow to refill drinks, slow to clear plates, slow to give the check.

The place certainly has a great ambiance,  this is a place I would bring friends, one small issue, the music could do with being a touch lower, on a couple of the jazz numbers the trumpet note just went right through me, I could see the same reaction from a few others, so I am guessing it's not me just being an old fart...Though I will say, it's nowhere near the level of say Fire Fly which can be stupidly loud at times.

Last little thing..The happy hour...If your going to offer a happy hour on food and drinks, maybe something other than the steaks and a couple of clam dishes, which btw, made them prices I would happily pay, the regular price for say clams and linguine is $28...Yeah sure.

Drink prices as well, great to offer half price drinks, but when the regular price for a Pimm's cup is $22, your not really offering much, btw, the cost is just under a dollar to make that drink and while I will say, the bartender we were watching is maybe one of the best in Vegas, it's still a stupid mark up.

Yes I know, a lot of negative, easy fixes for the most part and yes, we will be going back, fingers crossed the service issues were just a bad night.
This is an out of the way - none-tourist old world bar type of a restaurant with a great "mixologist", and good quality food.  We thoroughly enjoyed our visit, as both the food and the service were excellent.  The drinks are truly exceptional.  If you want a nice non-tourist experience for dinner, this may be your place in Vegas.
You may need to wait for a few minutes for a cab, but the restaurant will arrange it for you.
As my girlfriend and I pulled up to Herbs and Rye I was very skeptical of the place because it is in just a dark dingy looking building but as we walked in my view changed. It is a very interesting restaurant. We got a table in the bar area, the wall paper had velet decor on it,  we thought it was a nice touch. The drinks were great, the menu is quite extensive. We started out with a ceasar salad, the dressing has a bit of a kick to dressing, it was a delisious surprise. My girlfriend had the surf and turf and I had the filet and ordered a side jalapeo cream corn. Everything was great! I would recommend getting the surf and turf though,  you get more food for your money and it comes with two sides, and the steak has a delisious red wine sauce. Service was great!
It was a great choice for a date night with my husband. They have all these amazing cocktails from different eras & they definitely pride themselves on them as they should. I had a sprite, but my husband enjoyed the cocktail he had tremendously. He raved about it even after we left. The steaks were awesome & we had the asparagus & macaroni & cheese. Unfortunately, or asparagus was undercooked, but the rest of the meal was fantastic. The music was up too loud & didn't match the vibe or mood of the place. It has a very mob feel to it... Like a speakeasy..... The music..... Not at all.

Anther reason it lost a star is because our waiter was not a very good listener. When he first came around to take our drink orders, I was ready, but my husband wasn't. I asked if I could get a sprite & he smiled at my husband & said "I'll just give you guys some more time." Our waiter wasn't even really a waiter..... The girls from the front f the house brought us everything, even filled my water & sprite twice because our waiter didn't come check on us. He showed up at the last second with our bill & we weren't even done as we were thinking of staying for some cocktails. 

Hopefully just a hick up, but we will definitely be back, maybe not for e restaurant service, but for the bar service.
Our friends rave about this place and now I know why.  We went here with the in-laws because they are steak and potatoes people.  My father-in-law is a former beef farmer.  He knows his stuff about beef. He was very happy with his steak. We each got a steak and side. I got two sides. We were impressed at how simple everything was prepared, but was so flavorful. Service was good and the cocktails were delish! We will definitely be back!
After my first visit to Herbs & Rye, I was going to write 2 reviews just to give the place 10 stars. After my second trip, I have to give it 3 stars, and here's why. 

On my first visit, my friend and I decided to indulge in the happy hour special and we ordered the flat iron steaks. He ordered his with $3.50 extra house rub, I ordered mine plain. We also paid for two alacarte sides that we decided to split. When the steaks were placed in front of us, we weren't sure which had the rub and which didn't. We later found out that neither had the rub, but those were some damn good steaks. So good that we considered ordering second steaks. The flat iron was juicy, flavorful, and tender. I wanted to slap someone they were so good. We went around bragging about how wonderful the steaks were, and they were. At the time we thought, since we were charged for it, that both of our steaks got the house rub. 

Fast forward to the next trip where we brought some friends along, we decided almost recreate our first trip. We got 3 Kansas City cuts 2 with the rub and one with blue cheese. Lets just say this is when we discovered that we paid for a rub that we didn't get and we also paid for sides that should've come with the meal. I had to verify, since the first server charged us separately for the sides whether or not a side was included with a steak order. That rub that we didn't receive the first go round was definitely not the be's knees.  A couple sitting in the both next us thought the same thing. Finally, my friend who got the blue cheese topping on his steak really wanted more steak than blue cheese. Blue cheese is pungent enough that the entire 12oz piece of steak did not need to be covered in it. I took a bite of his steak and tasted no steak at all, just blue cheese. 

My advice, get the flat iron with no extra anything.
Why couldn't I have a great experience like everyone else? :(

I came here for a late dinner with 3 friends a few months ago.  Our waitress did not seem thrilled to be working in the least bit.

I ordered the sliders and asked for them plain.  "So do you want the sauce?"  "No thank you."

Our drinks are all empty by the time our food comes out.  It is served by a different server, or a food runner.  Sure enough my sliders come out with sauce on them.  After the person drops off our food he leaves.  Clearly we all need refills.  Since it was so hard to find our waitress I decided to just suck it up and eat my sliders with the sauce on them.  After looking around, we finally see our waitress in a corner eating.  Umm okay, let's let her enjoy her food.. We flag down someone to get refills and a different person again later on to get our check.  Our waitress comes over to pick up our check and return it... What sucky service!!

The food was good, even with the sauce.  I will have to come back again and give this place a second shot.  Only because of the food.  However in restaurants, food and service go hand in hand.  Too often do I hear of places with great food losing customers because of crappy service.  Since I am a server myself, I will give her the benefit of the doubt and give it another go.
Awesome place to enjoy a delicious dinner. The food, drink and ambiance is excellent especially for off the strip. Everybody I've taken here loves it. Highly recommend it.
I have been here a couple of times now and really enjoy this place. It is great for just about everything...from just wanting to go out and have some cocktails to wanting to have cocktails + a good meal. 
Don't let your first impression throw you off. From the outside yes, this place is slightly shabby, however walk in and it's a whole new place. Dark, leather booths, perfect for dates. Amazing and interesting and HUGE cocktail menu...and the drinks don't disappoint!
The food is pretty good as well. Mostly a steak place but I've gotten appetizers and flat breads here that were good as well. Three stars for the food, but add the fourth for ambiance and the cocktails.
Wonderful Decor, wonderful drink menu , wonderful service , amazing filet , amazing Brussels sprouts , delicious truffle Mac and cheese... Shall I go on? Ok go here it's amazing . Hipsters everywhere unite!
Summary: Very solid off strip restaurant. 

Neighborhood and this part of Sahara Blvd have seen it's better day and I am sure that they have their up-hill battles w/ marketing this place. The lady and myself ate there on a Wednesday and every seat at the bar was filled for their happy hour (7pm). The two main parts of the restaurant were empty and they sat us at a banquette circular table in the bar area.  Little tight in the bar area as the actual bar itself is only a few feet away from the tables. So when you sit at a table in this area you are sort of forced to stare at the backs (and cracks) of the people sitting at the bar. Decor was retro and speakeasy like - place was clean and well kept. Red patterned wallpaper, TV's playing black and white movies and the music playing the old crooners (Frank, Dean, Sammy etc.). 

We ordered two appetizers - the little-neck steamer clams and the fried Calamari. Both were amazing, very tasty and well presented.  The juice or broth that they present the clams in was to die for. They give you a piece of bread that you can dip into the sauce when you are finished eating. We took advantage and LOVED them both! 

Good timing in the part of the waiter had our steaks presented to us with enough of a break between finishing the appetizers and starting the main course. Every night they have "happy hour" till 8pm and feature all steaks 1/2 price. We took advantage. My date had the fillet ordered rare + (with a fried egg on top) and I went with the rib-eye medium rare with an au pove sauce. We each chose the garlic mashed potatoes as a side. 

Steaks were right on and cooked perfectly. Been having issue with this and the chef at Herbs delivered perfectly! The cuts and the sides were stellar and would compete with the best steakhouses on the strip. My rib-eye was as good, if not better than the steak I had at the Wynn, Bellagio, Cosmo and Venetian. 

We each ordered two of the "custom signature throw back cocktails" from the lengthy drink menu. The menu spans the eras and the drinks from each time period. There are no prices on this section of the menu so be aware of what you are ordering. Most of these drinks fell in the high price or strip casino range ($12 - $15). Little too high priced for an off strip restaurant. They should also feature a couple drinks from this menu during their daily happy hour. Think people would take advantage. 

We were way too full and passed on desert (but it looked and smelled delicious). 

Bill came and the two of us racked up almost $150 in costs. Was a slightly taken back by this as those prices are what we do at a fancy strip restaurant. Seemed a little excessive for the local driven location. Might hinder price conscious locals? Might hinder us from going back more often, but we will most certainly go back. Food was delicious, service was on point. 

Food here is the big winner, food and service earned the 4 stars. 

Good job Herbs & Rye - enjoyed the visit.
We came into town hankering for a delicious cut of steak. When in Vegas you must live it up baller style. We called up to meet a couple friends who are locals and they suggested this place saying they had good food and interesting cocktails. After perusing the yelp reviews which are solid I decided we should listen to the locals and head off the strip. I really love checking out the local joints in Vegas, because there are so many places to choose from and a lot of times the strip places are amazing but quite pricey. We arrived a few minutes before our friends. I had used the handy dandy open table reservation through the yelp app! Upon arrival the words I said were 'don't judge a book...' The place seems like any other place you'd pass way out on the west side beyond the Rio. My boyfriend looked at me skeptically and then we walked in. Inside the intimate speakeasy type bar and dimly lit but very nicely furnished dining area we were seated in a big booth and handed massive menus. The server explained the cocktail menu was set up by time period each drink handmade by an awesome bartender with a fully stocked bar.  Each drink had a story of how it came to be and where it was popular as well as the ingredients. I was almost overwhelmed by the amount of choices until my friend ordered a drink called the bees knees and I copied! The server also informed us that happy hour was going until 8pm and that many items were 1/2 off including many of the steaks! Our 7pm arrival seemed to have been a miracle! My boy and I each ordered a 9oz filet with a side of dipping sauce, an extra but I love to dip, I had the au poivre sauce which was incredible peppery and perfect. We also split a wedge salad AND each steak came with a side! I chose the truffle Mac &cheese and boyfriend chose brussel sprouts with bacon lardon. We shared our sides of course, I shudder to say that I may really be becoming an adult because I preferred the brussels! Everything was perfectly cooked and to the exact temperature of our choosing. We had an after dinner shot of fernet to polish us off and when the bill arrived my jaw dropped! So much food & drink for such a low low price. We certainly were off the strip but you'd never know it by the food, presentation or service, only by the price. One more super cool thing is that you can order a 'surprise' drink from the bartender. They won't tell you the recipe but you can have them make you a special. My boyfriend asked for a special gin drink that came out quite tasty. All in all this is possibly my new favorite go to steak place off the strip. We will certainly be back for more tender juicy filet goodness in the near future.
I attended Herbs & Rye's grand opening four years ago and it was an interesting experience. The night started and almost ended as one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had (primarily the service). Fortunately, they took care of us and we ended up relocating to the bar and having the complete opposite experience. The food was delicious and the cocktails were wonderful. I didn't intentionally not return, but I never ended up going back until a couple months ago.

Teresa S., my fiance, and I were in the area and very hungry, so we headed over with a reservation via Open Table. We were very excited that we were in time for their Happy Hour (5pm-8pm), which meant 50% off select steaks and other items! What sounds better than a 9 oz. filet mignon? A $17 9 oz. filet mignon! I also ordered sides of Asparagus, Garlic Mash, and Roasted Brussel Sprouts (I can't remember what it was called, but it also had panchetta). My fiance ordered the Italian Sausage flatbread.

The sides were all very delicious. The highlight was definitely the brussel sprouts. Ridiculously good flavor! The asparagus were slightly overcooked, but still good. The mashed potatoes were so flavorful and creamy. My steak made me sad. It was dry and NOT medium rare. As you can see in the photo, there wasn't even a touch of red in the center. Le sigh. I lose all respect for a restaurant that can't properly prepare a medium rare steak (or burger). It's the worst offense and totally ruins my whole meal. Which made me more sad since I enjoyed everything else so much.

Service was spotty as well. Everyone seemed more fixated on the big group in the center of the dining room. I guess they were more important. Anyway, although most of the food was really great, it's not enough to bring me back.
I really enjoyed the experience but its a little pricey for the product .   The cocktails are fun to explore and I enjoyed the Mediterranean flatbread but I just wish their happy hour was a little better.  There isn't a discount on any cocktails or on the majority of food.  You can get 50% off a few wines, one beer, steaks and that is all.
Expensive. Happy hour is only on steaks... I thought it was going to be on drinks so that was disappointing. Food is really rich but tasty. Good if you want to take someone on a pricey dinner date.
I'm a regular here.  Best steak and lobster I ever had!
My boyfriend and I just ate here while we were staying on the Las Vegas strip. When we drove up...the outside of this place looked SKETCHY! Like a strip mall. Once inside, it is a very cute place. Like a dark, brooding speak easy. 

We ordered drinks, our waiter was very nice . He did warn me the Mint Julep I ordered was a very strong drink....and wow! It was too strong for me, he was very nice and offered to get me something else. 

We ordered the Kobe sliders...so juicy and flavorful! Also the carpaccio, perfection. Great meat and wonderful flavors. As well as the sweet potatoe tater tots with marshmallow crust...great idea, but fell a little short for me there wasn't enough salty contrast in the dish. We also ordered the farmers flat bread...ok, not wonderful. 

I did really like the good food we had here though. Be warned, if you like semi-sweet cocktails like me...there isn't a whole lot on the menu that doesn't involve bitters, gin, rum, or whiskey.
I love places like this. Its a really cool prohibition style atmosphere inside. We went for happy hour and got steaks and a side for half off. There is a decent beer selection and the highlight is old fashioned cocktails. I got the Kansas City cut with truffle mac and cheese-it was a great accompaniment. The house red ale is surprisingly crisp and flavorful, and the Brown Derby was a really great shaken drink. My wife got a really good off-menu jalapeno/gin concoction. She loved the Brussels sprouts. The Caesar salad was pretty small for the price, with three leaves of uncut romaine; but the dressing was really good. I'd love to go back there, its definitely worth driving 12 off the strip.
Very nice dim lit interior. My boyfriend and I came during the Happy Hour when steaks are half off. I ordered the 9 oz. Lobster tail and 9 oz. filet meal ($55 and not eligible for happy hour price) with garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. It was fabulous except that big of a lobster tail can be pretty tough. I enjoyed the steak though, very juicy. My boyfriend ordered the New York Strip which he liked a lot. We also had a side of the truffle mac n cheese which was fantastic. I highly recommend this place especially during the happy hour. Great bang for your buck!
The happy hour was great. Tasty steaks at 1/2 price. Beer was$3. The drinks were very good. We ordered a Cesar salad and we were disappointed. The gave us 4 romain leaves that we had to cut up ourselves. The dressing was very fresh and delish. Next time I will ask them to cut up the lettuce.
Herbs & Rye has been on my to do list for almost a year now. I am thoroughly ashamed of myself for not dining her sooner! What an idiot! 

This place is my new Vegas favorite! 
I actually expected it to be kind of divey but was pleasantly surprised when I walked in the door to find such a cozy and charming place.

Maybe it was because I was incredibly starving, but I was close to ordering  every appetizer on the menu, I was shut down... 

There were six of us, we all split about 3 apps, individual entrees and a few sides. Carpaccio, mussels, tomato soup,  Chops & Figs, jalapeno creamed corn, Filets, Seafood Linguine.

I don't have a negative thing to say about Herbs & Rye.
Excellent selection of hand crafted classic cocktails.
Mouthwatering steaks, and chops
Prices seem average 
Attentive servers
Where do I start?  One of my favorite spots in all of Las Vegas.  This place is a hidden Gem and I think a lot of people pass by it a million times and disregard it.  Here's the Low Down...

Decor:
Swanky, chic and old school.  One of my favorite "date places" or just a cool place to hang. 

The Booze:
BTG wine list is solid.

The cocktails are amazing.  These guys know their stuff and have really mastered the art of Mixology with their craft cocktails.  

Extensive list of all liquors, specifically their Gins and Whiskeys.

Solid beer list

The food:

The food as awesome.  Especially for the reverse happy hour!  My personal favorites are the Jalapeno Cream Corn, Kansas City Strip with peppercorn sauce and Prosciutto Asparagus Flatbread.   

If you haven't been yet, YOU NEED TO GO!
Today was bad. Just bad. Not sure if short staff was to blame or just our server, but never had a worse experience here. Waited 25 min (at our booth) for our first drinks. Food was good but steak was doused in oil from mushroom & onions, otherwise as good as always. Service just sucked! We had more interaction and service from bus boy (awesome should get server status) and hostess! Sorry for bad review but when things are bad ya gotta say something. Best part.... Server never even acknowledged the slow service or anything, someone give that bus boy a raise! Full price on the check too! Boo herbs & rye tonight!
I went to herb and rye with a few friends for a birthday party, being that I rarely eat chicken let alone any other meat I was bit weary. 

When we walked in the steak house has the ambiance of a haunted house with there being almost NO LIGHTING,old antique decorations, and creepy paintings. The menu is very brief but VERY DIFFICULT to read with the lack of lights. 

I did find a pasta dish on the menu and ordered that, much to my delight. Also found an alcoholic drink that was very tasty. I made the mistake of telling the waiter I needed more time while everyone else ordered their first round of drinks and I didn't get another chance to order for about 20 minutes, also takes a solid 15 minutes for the bartender to make it. 

Over all great food and drinks how ever the ambiance and service time suffer badly, also pretty pricey it was $450 for 5 people. A great place to go for a special occasion, but wouldn't go for a random dinner.
I think the broken sign and nondescript door all play into the prohibition theme of this restaurant....   A coworker told me about the happy hour here that runs from 5-8pm and 12am-3am....HALF OFF STEAKS! WHAT?!  Now that is my kind of happy hour! The 18oz boneless ribeye was $24 and comes with a side.  The ribeye was cooked perfectly and marbled well with fat.  We tried a few sides since we were with some friends.  Honestly, the sides were underwhelming (jalapeno creamed corn, sweet potato tots, brussel sprouts).  I definitely would not pay the regular price for the sides again.  A few of the appetizers were half price, so we tried the spicy mussels ($13).  The marinara sauce that these mussels come with is addicting, we kept asking for more bread to sop up all the sauce.  The bread is warm, freshly toasted baguette and perfect for soaking up all the garlicky goodness.    Honestly, the price of most of their happy hour items is what I would probably expect to pay normally.  The items on their food menu seem grossly overpriced for this location, so unless you are here for happy hour....I say there are better options.  I highly recommend if you want a good steak and don't want to pay a visit to your cheap steakhouses like Outback, then to come give Herbs and Rye a try.  Also make sure to sit in the bar area, the regular dining area seemed dead.
Food and cocktails good.  Service bad.  Avoid dinner rush and your can appreciate the place.
So I've been hearing about this place for a while for fellow Yelpers and been wanting to try. When I finally got the chance, we ended up having plans to go twice in the same week! If my rating was based solely on service they would've got a 1.5, based on drinks 4.5, based on food 3.
My first time there we were with a very large group ( 30+ people) on a Tuesday night at 8pm. It's not like they didn't know we were coming, but they seemed overwhelmed. They couldn't keep up with our drink orders, it took way too long to get the orders in let alone get the drink (even if it was just bourbon on the rocks). It took a long time to get our food as well, some people in our group were done and leaving when we didn't even get our food yet. They ran out of sides. Brought out sides way before our entree so the side was cold. Steaks were overdone. My lobster tail was over cooked. The food was just  "meh". We were all happy with the drink selection and drinks...when we got them.
I was turned off with that first try, but I gave them a pass since it was such a large group. And went back with some friends on Friday night around 7:30. Again, service was horrible. It took forever to get our drink orders, and it was nearly impossible to get the waiters attention if you wanted anything else. Once we ordered food, the food also took forever. I got the Calamari this time and the first time and it was good both times. I also got a Prosciutto and Asparagus Flatbread, it was good, nothing exciting, but good. My husbands steak was much better this time and his side, Broccoli and Cheese was yummy. A friend at our table never got his food when we were all done eating, so he cancelled his order. My drinks were perfect (order 2 drinks at a time because they take so long to get!) Brown Derby and Blinker, both good in their own way. It was our friends birthday so we all split some Donuts....they were awesome.
I like the decor and old fashioned vibe. I've been to this locale before it was Herbs And Rye...boy has it changed! 
The service alone would keep me from going back, not sure if I will go back. Only time will tell. Good thing they have some loyal Yelpers as patrons because they turned off a room full of people.
Loved the dark, old school bar area. We made a reservation on Open Table and were running late, staff accommodates us no problem. Our waitress Debra was attentive and very helpful. Ordered half off filet, truffle mac, and sharp cheddar broccoli (my fav). Amber ale is half price between 5-8pm as well. Great meal, great atmosphere.  Owner, Mr. Mendoza, even came out to greet us at our table. Don't be discouraged by the outside, inside is charming and comfortable. Order the donuts!!!!
Ive always been one of those people that use yelp but was too laZy to make an account, anyways this place is BoMb.com!!! Happy hour from 5-8 half off steaks! Got the ribeye and i give it 5/5! Went a second time and got the herbs n rye house rub, pretty nasty so i wouldn't recommend that, just get the steak by itself and you"ll be happy i guarantee it.
first time coming in here for happy hour. i tried their prohibition cocktail blood and sand its a mix of scotch, heering, dry vermouth, lemon and OJ. Its absolutely delicious i had to have another round for $9 its absolutely worth it! We took a few shots of chocolate cake, it's ok for $9 a shot. i dont think it'll be ordering it again. Our bartender Bryan was ok. It was an experience because of the cocktails and the company that i was with. i wish their service was as great as their drinks.
I finally got to try their steaks at happy hour!  I was going to get my favorite filet mignon but our server informed us that they have a filet wrapped in bacon. So, I got that and truffle fries. I also tried the truffle mac & cheese and the Herbs & Rye House Brew (HH price: $3). The sides aren't included in happy hour. We got beignets to end a great meal.

Bacon-wrapped Filet Mignon:
It had two thick slices of bacon on top and not wrapped around the filet. For a piece of steak that would normally be at least $50, getting this at half the price definitely changes everything. It was perfectly medium-rare, tender and juicy. 4.5/5

Truffle Fries:
Thin-cut fries with truffles and parmesan cheese. You can taste and see truffles, yay! The fries were crispy. I enjoy truffle fries but what makes this even better is that it's less than $10! 5/5

Truffle Mac & Cheese:
After eating great truffle fries, I was disappointed with this mac & cheese. I couldn't taste truffles. It was like regular, plain mac & cheese. 2/5

Beignets:
These aren't similar to the famous beignets from New Orleans. These are like mini doughnuts covered in granulated sugar. Normally comes with 2 dipping sauces: white chocolate and caramel but since I don't like white chocolate, our server threw in chocolate sauce. 4/5

The Kool Kids ordered Jack & Coke but it wasn't like Jack & Coke - our server later on said it's not really Jack & Coke, it was something else. That and my not-so-bacon-wrapped bacon-wrapped filet made me think we were getting punked by our server.
Great cocktails, perfectly cooked steaks and thoughtful service. What else can be expected?
Easily my new favorite cocktail spot. I was so stoked to see so many gin cocktails on the menu, with ingredients that enhance the herbaceous flavor of the spirit (I had the ford cocktail: gin, dry vermouth and orange bitters). SO DELISH. Can't wait to go back to delve further into their extensive list of creations!
WOW!!!!
Great food 
Great service
Amazing classic coctails
This is a must for those that love a local feel
Without the help of yelp I probably wouldn't consider this place just by looking from the outside.  Mainly because it just looks like a bar.  Walking in looks cozy burgundy wallpaper, brick, and dim lighting. We were first asked if we are over 21 years old. We were sat at a booth alongside the bar.  Candle centerpiece.  Black napkin wrapped utensils on side plates.  Large steakhouse style menu. An old western in black and white playing on the tv. The server had pretty hair and makeup styled that went with the theme.  Merlot for me, Napa Pinot noir for him.  Although we didn't order cocktails, I appreciated the art in the bartenders craft. Working in nightlife I am so accustomed to the quick pour of drinks. This was a nice change of pace. His napkin didn't appear like it was washed thoroughly.  The server quickly replaced it. She suggested the beef carpaccio and penne.  So we chose the carpaccio over the clams we had originally picked out.  He ordered rib eye with spinach on the side.  The carpaccio came out quickly. Arugula tossed with truffle oil atop the meat, drizzled with balsamic vinegar and capers. Very fresh and delicious. Large serving but not filling when shared between the two of us. The steak!  Mmm the steak...  Ribeye. Nicely seasoned. Cooked to perfection.  Juicy and tender. I love fat, so ribeye is one of my favorite cuts.  This place did it justice. My bf of course asked for A1. It was served in a sauce cup. The spinach side was a bit small so we ordered the little neck clams. When they arrived the server spilled the sauce on the table and my boyfriends hand.  Probably because the plate was hot. She apologized but did not wipe it up and picked up some empty plates instead.  The clams were nice and small the sauce a little creamy and you can taste the herbs. The bread it came with for dipping was nice and sour, soft in the middle. My boyfriend waited a while for a refill on his wine.  Another server ended up coming by and asked if he needed another. A few moments later our server came to check up.  My bf asked for extra napkins to clean the spill from earlier and that was when she wiped it up. By then our clams were done. Shortly after his wine arrived from the other server.  Minutes after we were informed it was now happy hour.  (Clams and wine are happy hour) Unfortunately, we waited to get them minutes before happy hour started.  The desserts were offered verbally. Baked cookie topped with ice cream or sugar donuts. The photos on yelp led is to donuts. Ohh my... 10 mini donuts with donut holes.  Soft and warm with the crunch of sugar. Caramel and white chocolate for dipping. We ate every bite of our meal but 2 clams.  No to go box? Rare occasion for us. The food alone would have gotten 5 stars from me.  The bill came out to $158 before tip.  Really excited that this is a late night spot.
Food is great, service is terrible and the ambiance is ok a bit dark and the music is so loud.
We had the Rib Eye with truffle fries, meat eas perfectly cooked, taste was excellent and the fries were great, dinner for two on a happy hour less than $70, it is bargain, excellent value for money
This is now one of my favorite places to come when I visit home.  The drinks are spectacular and the atmosphere is amazing.  Every drink I tried I have loved.  I recommend the corpse Reviver 2, and the bees Knees.  Drinks are around 11 ish dollars which is somewhat steep but considering they are speciality I don't feel too terrible.

Wish they would clear out the dining room put in some live jazz and swing dancing after hours.
In love with this place! Just love the cocktails and the vibe it has. Moscow mule is sooo yummy! Service is always great. Make sure you make a reservation if you want a booth, they get pretty busy.
There are some unexpectedly positive experiences that really change the direction of your day. Herbs and Rye was one of those experiences. I went here with two friends on Dec 6 after trying to find a good place in Las Vegas off the beaten path. After a little thought we settled on Herbs and Rye for a night of good drinks. While we didn't have a reservation we were able to get an open booth and the service was among the best I have seen at a bar. The drinks were reasonably priced and were among the best we have had, some of my other friends ended up on the strip. I'm pretty happy I ended up at Herbs and Rye. The place is clean, there is easy parking, the place has a great crowd, the service is among the best, and the ambience is perfect. I will definitely be back and have told my friends who are traveling to Las Vegas to do the same.
Incredible place! What a total best kept secret and hole in the wall finds. I had driven by this place countless times never knowing the hidden gem within. Thanks to friends taking me to this place, I would've never realized how awesome the environment is...kinda retro prohibition meets steampunk. Then of course the specialty libations and awesome menu. I had the New York Steak cooked to perfection and partnered it up with the truffle mac n' cheese...OMG!  The handsome and charming bartender Isaiah make me a creation of the most amazing gin drink that even he just made up in the moment and didn't name it yet. Loved his ingenuity & passion!  Great great place!
Service is SUPER SUPER slow. I mean we orderd our dirty martinis the second we sat down and didn't get them till right when dinner was served (30 min later) I understand they are handmade craft drinks but 30 min, really? Our server was wonderful ( a brunette girl) the busser boys all had attitudes, I feel like the employees don't work as a team. Bartender was awesome to (bearded guy with glasses) the people in the place were super trashy and loud. I had a lady next to me talking about sex and penis the whole dinner, it was repulsive. The salads sucks and the steaks were really good. Over all when you walk in the place it looks cool because it's really dark but I guarantee when the lights come on it looks like a shit hole. I was dying to get up after dinner, was not relaxing at all, super loud and the service was snail slow. Will not be going back here EVER. The food was not worth the experience.
The drinks are perfectly blended however food is very inconsistent,  service horrible to just ok. The wait staff plays word games to upsell every part of the meal.  When the bill came a bunch of extra charges for things we where lead to believe were "complimentary"  the waiter named Rick seems to be a thief.   Paid part of the bill with cash and part of the bill on debit card. The whole amount plus $20 was charged on the card. $100 just vanished and management and owner unwilling to investigate or make good on the situation. This was our second time going because we wanted to like this place but now just waiting till it goes out of business so something else will take it's place.  Stay away and to the great places on the strip, way better food for the same $$$
I dined at Herbs & Rye on December 14 and the customer service and meal exceeded my expectations.  I ate at the bar solo and the delivery of the start-to-finish service cycle was terrific compared to most full-service restaurants.

I chose items that were denoted as "Happy Hour" pricing and was highly satisfied with the prices for my glasses of wine, caesar salad, NY strip steak, and asparagus.  The NY strip steak was a perfectly prepared medium rare (actually maybe the best I've ever had, especially for $18).  I only wish I'd had some bread to soak up the leftover juices from the steak, or the leftover saute oils from the asparagus, which was also perfectly prepared.  

A minor disappointment was the choice of MeTV and shows from the 1950's on the flat panel TVs instead some sports programming.  Nevertheless, a great dining experience as a solo patron at the bar.

Bravo, well done.
My girlfriend found this place during our last trip to Vegas, and it has officially became our MUST VISIT!

We came here after the Vegas night clubs during the late night happy hour from 12AM-3AM, and it has one of the most amazing happy hour menu. All items listed with 2 stars are 50% off - which includes their steaks. But wait, there's more! The half off steak also includes a choice sides. We ended up spending about ~$50 for a 16oz Ribeye, and a 14oz New York Strip with two sides (Mushroom and Creamed Corn). I was speechless! The steaks were delicious! I would say they were on par with Flemings steakhouse, and for the price that can't be beat.

I'm savoring about the steaks as i'm writing this review. Looking forward to my next Vegas trip to come!
I've been hearing about this place for a while and we went last night around 730 right before happy hour ended.  We got a chopped salad that was great and I got a filet with the herbs and rye rub which was great, but a tad spicy and my friend got the linguini with clams.  All in the all the food was great, but the reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because the service was sub-par at best.  Def go to this place during happy hour or reverse happy hour as it is a smoking deal!
You can't beat the steak happy hour at midnight! 50% off selected items, and really amazing quality steaks, which include your choice of delicious side. They also have a happy hour on their own beer, which is delicious and you can't beat it for $3. I always treat myself to a few of their craft cocktails as well, of course I wish they were also happy hour, but I don't mind paying for a yummy Moscow Mule, and they are strong too! Not to mention, the great atmosphere, I always feel like I've gone back in time as soon as I walk in the door, from the decor to the gatsby-esque music, to the lighting, to the cocktails, to the black and white movies, and even the bartender's uniforms. I've yet to have a negative experience.
Update to my original review. Talked with manager, asked me to email him the details and bank print out to show him the draft was indeed too much. He managed to take my only record of the transaction from my girlfriend during her discussion with him then claimed that he did not take when whe asked for it back. No correspondence from the the email and no answer to phone calls. Dinner ultimately cost $320 for some basic food that way ovet priced with bad service. I'd stay away they seem to be ok with being shady business.
Sprouts and ham was delicious.  Spicy clams was excellent.  A must order!  Rib eye was flavorful.  If you add blue cheese to any steak... Order it on the side.  The flavor is too overwhelming with the steak.  Clams linguini lacked flavor.  Order after midnight for the 1/2 off steaks.  Pricey place...
The 4 star is for the steak, flat bread(pizza) and customer service not a good fan of their linguini clam pasta. The place is great for a lovely dinner date.
This is probably one of my greatest finds on Yelp. Half off steak during happy hour??! How can it not be?

Here's the run down :
+ Happy hour from 5-8PM and then midnight to close (3AM). 
+ During happy hour, you get half off steaks and a few other options. Each steak order (unless otherwise noted) comes with one side. I usually go for the mushrooms and creamed corn.
+ If you split/share.. there's an additional charge. Note : Don't bring people who aren't eating their own meal. 
+ free bread is good
+ Don't be scared by the grungy exterior look. This place is worth it.

They really do close right at 3AM, so better to come earlier rather than later!
Hand's down, our favorite place to eat/drink in Las Vegas.  Their happy hour has 1/2 priced steaks. The quality of their steaks is top notch. Right up there with the high end steakhouses:  the palm, mortons, Ruth chris. 

We always take friends here when we are in town. Truffle mac n cheese is heavenly. Garlic mashed is right up there as well.  You must finish off your visit with some fresh donuts.   

They use shaved ice in some of their drinks. LOVE this.  Writing this review is making me super hungry!!!
Ok so here is your deal of the day in FABULOUS LAS VEGAS, come here, for an early happy hour or after midnight. The steaks are all on the 50% fire sale... seriously BLUE LIGHT SPECIAL AT Herbs & Rye! and its super tasty to boot! So drag your bootay over here off the strip for a split second or ten and descend into decadent gluttony for a bit.

I arrived with a group of folks around 12:30 or so and most of us had had a few drinks already and had been gambling for a few hours. We hadn't had dinner yet as we were planning on coming here and had heard about it from one of my buddies who is a local. It was described as a great steak joint with cheap high end fare. It did not disappoint on that perspective whatsoever.

Pro Tip: Parking early can be tough, so be forwarned, perhaps taxi it over =D

I got the 18oz boneless ribeye for $29 Dee LISH  Ushhhhhh. Normally it is $58! Well I want another one right now... and the bacon haphazardly tossed on top was awesome as well. I had the bacon topper which was two thick cuts of my favorite veggie crossed on top of the steak. WOW, just WOW.

Pro Tip #2: Do NOT ask for steak sauce unless you are an uncouth Neanderthal with no understanding of good steak. Some jackwagon in my group asked for it and a few of us had our eyes just about pop out of our heads!

You get a side with it and I kinda messed up trying something experimental but *shrugs* the steak and bacon were AWESOME.  But for my side I got the asparagus with the broccoli cheese sauce and it didn't turnout as well as I had hoped it would. 

Pro Tip #3: Drink up before you get here. Their drinks are a bit pricy and kitchee IMHO. Unless you want to drink specialty drinks at $8-$15/ea...

The bread was fresh and super toasty tasty and just what you would need or expect for a meal like this. Ahhh the memories of this meal are still so fresh in my head I can taste that steak and the bacon strips! Since I have been here, I have had several friends hit this place up and no one has a bad thing to say about the steaks. 

I definitely plan on hitting this joint up again on another vegas run and I think you should too!
If you come to this place and order from the bar always order from mark! Everyone else doesn't come close.  Mark makes the best drinks.  My GF made the mistake of ordering from someone else .  Big mistake on her part!!!!
I just returned from this restaurant & thought I'd write a review while the experience is still fresh. Upon entering I liked the look of the place, it was very small and quaint and had that dark vintage feel about it. They had a dinning area that seemed really dead and dark and kinda secluded. We sat in the booths by the bar. I had a pisco sour and it was okay.

As for the food we started w/ beef carpaccio and it was good. For my main I got the filet mignon and garlicy spinach as a side. My guy got the Surf & Turf (Filet mignon & lobster) which came w/ garlic mashed potatoes & asparagus (he changed it for one of their other sides and they upcharge $4 for the change). My steak was good but my spinach was uneatable..no exaggeration, they were THE SALTIEST thing I've eaten my entire life..I think they might have accidently dumped salt in them. I told our waitress and got brussel sprouts instead, they were too charred and dripping w grease. His food was fine, steak was good and lobster was so so, potatoes were good. I must admit the broccoli he substituted was DELICIOUS!! I would recommend the broccoli here but that's really about it.

All in all:
Service - our waitress was polite and nice, she was great!

Food - pretty terrible, they messed up very simple stuff

Price - in comparison to the atmosphere and the food, definitely not worth it! You can get a better meal at another steak house that has a much better ambience and much livelier. Honestly though, im a foodie and if the food is great I'll go anywhere and this just wasn't. 

Atmosphere - small, not very lively. Nothing interesting.
We attended after reviewing the yelp reviews,   Have always been steered right.  We had the happy hour steaks all cooked as ordered,,,,   Very yummy we're also the sides.    Brussels sprouts are typically not my first choice, have shanged my mind...    Will definitely be back,,,,
Sooo! Me and my friends decide to go to dinner here one night and it was pretty good. We ordered off their specialty cocktails which were interesting. They have a lot to chose from. I think I'll try something different each time I go. We all got a different side to share and our own steak. My friend decided she wanted extra spices on her steak but didn't ask if it was spicy so when out steak came out she wasn't very happy, I decided to switch with her and thought it was great... If it was something you wanted. 

The side were really great we have the Mac and cheese, asparagus, fries, and I forget what else. We all agreed the best thing was the fries. Although the mac and cheese was a close second. 

My recommendation is to grab a group of friends, go during happy hour and all order something different. You can share and get to try everything.
Went here for the first time last night and had to go back again tonight. First of all, its nothing nice to look at from the outside, but once you get on the inside you definitely get the speakeasy 20's feel. The ambiance is great!

I ordered the moscow mule and the ramos fiz which were both the best I have ever had, and from what I hear you definitely get a show if you sit at the bar and watch them make their drinks. The drink selection is awesome and I cannot wait to try them all.

My fiance and I shared a caprese salad which tasted great. I really like how sweet and thick the balsamic sauce was. I ordered a filet mignon with a blue cheese crust and the steak was great. We ordered truffle fries and asparagus for our sides and both tasted amazing.

I really cannot wait to go back. It is a great date spot and I could really come here eery night for a post-work drink. I probably wouldnt come to eat unless it was happy hour though because the steaks were expensive, but such a good deal for HH!
Love the atmosphere of this place. Drinks are tasty and meatballs are a must try!
A lot of buzz about this joint since they opened.... All good... So checked it out with my brother from chicago the other night... Meh! Im a 45 year old native that used to frequent the venetian that was replaced by new said place & felt the old ambience that was here many moons ago...dark and retro old sxool vibe i dig. I guess im getting old tho & couldnt read the tiny print on the specialty drink menu so couldnt imbide in their cocktails. Great happy hr deals on steaks 5-8 but was shocked by the website menu price difference to actually being there ( u guys need to update ur web menu!!!)  Anyway our server was freakin knowledgable. And superb! Like i said tho food was...meh... Started with steamers and caesar which were good. I gots the porterhouse & my bro got the fillet... Cooked perfectly but no differently than going to the butcher block by my house & throwing it on the grill for 1/4 the price. Sides were asparagus.... Good but salty... Truffle mac n cheese.... Decent but oily... Then the worst garlic mashed potatoes ever! Obviously out the box & a piece of roasted garlic on top of em to make em garlic mashed.... Whaaaatttt? Decent place but doesnt match the reviews... Careful of false yelpers... Been in the industry along time & probably wont be back.... Not horrible but like i said..... Meh!
Absolutely loved herbs & rye! The service was great, ambiance and just the whole feel for the place was very nice!  I went on valentine's day with my Gf so their menu was limited but she ordered the prefix dinner with salad, filet mignon with mashed potatoes and garlic shrimp, champagne and fried donuts for dessert. I was way hungrier than she was so I ordered the bigger NY steak and had the garlicky spinach and truffle Mac and cheese on the side. Everything was so amazingly delicious and I can not wait to come back! Oh and I can not forget about the tomato bisque with bread and melted cheese! That is a must! I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu!
Quite possibly one of my new favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. I came here with two friends on a weekday evening for dinner. 

My only complaint was that the lights kept changing for some reason from normal dining atmosphere dimness to really really dark and it was kind of distracting. At one point we even joked and were wondering if we were about to witness a performance. Also parking was kind of annoying and I had to park in a sketchy ally quite a ways down from the building, but it wasn't the end of the world. 

I had a moscow mule to drink and it was AMAZING. It is one of my staple drinks and they served it with a ball of very finely crushed ice inside of a copper mug which made it more of a slushee moscow mule, but either way it was amazing.

For dinner I had the pork and figs and it was also amazing. Perfectly cooked and a VERY thick cut of meat. It was served over potatoes.

The service was also really good, and best of all was the happy hour pricing which made what could have easily of been a very expensive dinner, a pretty reasonable one. I cannot wait to go back soon!
Love the vibe here. Not what you expect from the outside. It's got the 20's prohibition theme here. Spicy mussels and meatball appetizers are a must! It's the first time I've tried Moscow mule. Pretty good!!!! It's quite pricey but I like the vibe and the food so is say it's worth it!
This is a hidden gem of Vegas.
Area is sketchy, but venue is pristine.
Early 1900s music and feel, herbs and rye had the best ambiance with its dark mood setting that's intimate, yet social. 
Ordered pork and fig and fillet mignon with truffle Mac and broccoli and sharp cheddar. 
No regrets at all. 
Dessert offerings were limited to a root beer float, cookie and ice cream, and fresh donuts. I skipped dessert. 

I would go here and recommend it anytime to anyone looking for great value and high quality, without the tourist trap prices of the strip.
Had dinner here on 2/15 at 6:30 with a group of 6. The cocktails were fabulous and so were the steaks - plus they were half off! If I lived in the area I would go back often.
This was a fun experience. The food was pretty awesome. The late night happy hour is a great deal for my carnivore husband. Not so much for his herbivore wife. But still a great time. The server was good, not great. We got told it would be a 25 minute wait, but it was definitely less time than that, however a group that came in after us got seated before us. So they lose a star for that.

The environment is very nice, in an old fashioned kind of way. It was pretty wild for a Tuesday night which I thought was odd.

The three ladies had a whiskey and ginger ale, the bartender was very friendly and I enjoyed his helpfulness. He was quick, friendly, checked up on us while we waited for our table and overall gave great customer service. Later in the evening I ordered an aviation. If you haven't had one before try it, it takes a bit to get used to but it was delicious none the less. Will definitely be back again!
I frequent Vegas from Portland and i have been to many restaurants, and many so called classy fancy shmancy places, one thing Portland is known for is the best places to eat in the US.

Let me tell you a floor guy from the Rio told me about this place, he said "the best steak i have ever had its a locals spot" i said that's a tall statement and i went.

First of all i called asked if i needed a reservation they said know how many people are in your party i said about 7 or 8 then we showed up maybe half our later and they had our table ready, i was a little shocked because it seemed to be a little hole in the wall place (which i like) but unlike the normal Vegas experience. The Decor and atmosphere was very welcoming and honestly reminded me of many nice places in Portland, then we were seated they played jazzy electro house , underground old school hip hop instrumentals HA i heard a MOB DEEP instrumental which i was shocked but i loved it and people seemed to love it,  this again reminded me so much of Portland because we can get away with it, I don't see other city's and places doing this especially if its a fancy dining! The Waitress was very friendly and so was all the staff, i ordered the NY steak and garlic mash , i am very picky about my steaks and it was AMAZING it was cooked to perfection, everyone else enjoyed there food and was completely satisfied!  Food, and drinks aside the biggest thing i loved was we had FUN, its was not like your normally fancy dining experience in Vegas i agree with the other reviews this IS a hidden GEM! 

this place is a MUST go every time i go to Vegas from here on out!
I hadn't heard of this place and the facade upon arriving looked unimpressive.  But that all changed as we entered the place.  The ambience was uncontrived and interesting.  It was bustling with locals. The staff was all very friendly and accomodating. But most importantly, the food, especially the rib eye steak was excellent.  I recommend the steamed asparagus that came as my siding.  Will try to go back once more, before I leave. Definitely one of the better steaks I've had.
Went for my favorite steak last night at Herbs and Rye for a get together with friends and a belated birthday for my wife. I have been to Herbs many times in the past 2 years since I moved to Vegas, brought friends and relatives here for the drinks and food. Well let me tell you this was the last time. 

We had a party of 12 and upon arrival we made it clear we wanted separate checks or 3 checks of 4 and wee told by the 'manager' on duty it wouldn't be a problem. SO the drinks came, and we ordered and as usual, the food was excellent and the drinks were great. We arrived just before 7pm to be sure we would get served for Happy Hour. Service was very slow for just about everything. We did not get our food until after 8pm and at 8:08 I ordered a beer and was told Happy Hour was over and it would be full price (this was after ordering 2 bottles of 40 dollar wine, multiple 11 dollar cocktails and beers). So when they say Happy Hour ends at 8, they mean it. 

About 9ish we had finished our meal and were waiting for the waitress to come around for about 15 minutes with the 'birthday donuts' and they finally did. Then we waited for the check....and waited.....and waited...spoke to the manager about the service we were receiving. SO we waited some more. Finally about 9:45 we got our check....ALL ON ONE BILL....when we told we were granted permission to get separate checks the waitress said she couldn't do it. We insisted she did so she took the check back and went out back....and we waited...and waited...NO DRINKS, NO SERVICE, NO QUESTIONS BEING ANSWERED. Finally at 10:20 I asked to speak to the 'manager.' He came out and gave a speech about how hard it was to divide the check up. I told him to ask the waitress to come out so we could help her with the check. The manager was of no help. Now we have been there for over 3 hours, nothing comped, nothing answered, and she comes out with the split checks and they are ALL WRONG. 

Needless to say it was very frustrating. We ended up staying about 20 minutes longer to get the check straightened out and finally left. 

I'm now looking for the next best steak because I won't step foot back in that place after the way the manager acted.
Was here on Sat/22 Feb about 11 pm.
- A cocktail is $11.  My buddy had an Aviator, I had bartender's choice and he made a great drink with my preferred liquor (vodka).
- The decore, ambience and the red patterned wall (wallpaper?) was really nice.
- After here we went to Moondoggies, total opposite decore and clientele (in a rough, good way).
- Will be back to have a meal here eventually.
Super fire. Best place to eat past 12am. Porterhouse truffle Mac with bacon. That's it period and a Moscow mule is a must. I eat her once a week. Medium rare is always just right.
Bad: it's busy during happy hours which are the only time I can afford to eat what I like.
We came here on a date night and am pretty glad we did! The inside is VERY dim and the candles in the middle of the table add a romantic vibe to the place. I know some people come here for their drinks, but my bf and I aren't big drinkers and we appreciate the preparation and the creativity behind food more so than drinks. It's been a while and I can't really remember what anything was called so bare with me. (I will provide pictures!)

My boyfriend got a HUGE steak with a chimichurri sauce drizzled on the top and it was one of the best steaks I've ever had. It was the perfect medium rare and the chimichurri was tangy, garlic-y, and yummmmyyy. 

I had the pork chops that had some sort of fig reduction and a blue cheese crust with a sprig of rosemary and mashed potatoes. This dish was a huge explosion of flavor! Although I was hesitant to get the pork chops (almost every restaurant I have ever been to has overcooked them) these pork chops were moist and cooked perfectly! My mouth is literally watering just thinking of them.............

We shared an order of truffle Mac N' Cheese and although it was pretty effing good, it was a little too truffle-y?

Then for dessert, we opted for their freshly baked donuts that come with a white chocolate and caramel sauce. These are SO good that on a different night after, we ordered them to go. JUST THE DONUTS. I called in and was a little embarrassed just calling in for donuts to go but the lady on the other line just giggled and said they get that all the time, so I felt better :D They're THAT good, people!

The whole experience was pretty awesome. The service was great. Our waiter was very knowledgable of both the drink and food menus. He came by a few times to check in on us and even recommended the steak that my bf eventually got. I like the romantic ambience, the only thing I don't like about it is where it's located. The *little* parking is in the front of the restaurant but on a busy night, i can see people having to park in the adjacent parking lots. Not a big deal. Wouldn't keep us away.
Stopped in for late night dinner 3/18/2014. As usual food and service was outstanding. We had wings (as usual) but this time we skipped the calamari (very VERY hard to do) and went with our waiter Cristian's recommendation of the beef tartare. It was amazing. Highly recommend this place, and Cristian was great!
It's just amazing! The atmosphere and the drinks. Bartenders are great! Food even better at half off 12-3am which is when they close. Parking isn't the best here it can fill up quite fast. Bring a non Vegas local for a little taste of the off the strip life!
The food was great & social experience was amazing. Unfortunately, the removal of the National Children's Cancer Society candy machine was disappointing. 
It was nice to have a gumball, chocolate or Skittles to snack on after our meal........owner must be more concerned about profits than customer satisfaction!
Very good place. Good service, and outstanding food. I do not eat meat, and always get the sides. Jalapeo cream corn, garlicky mashed potatoes and spinach is all I need. Great place to get together with friends. Great happy hour prices, including 1/2 off steaks for you meat eaters. Parking is hard to get sometimes.
I looked this place on yelp since I drive by it all the time and my wife heard good things about this place so we headed over to give it a try. Place is nicely decorated, hip and trendy the bar area is a little loud but they have two separate rooms for more intimacy. As for the food it was awesome had the Margherita, Truffle Mac Cheese, Flat Iron those were great oh and don't forget the donuts those were amazing! 

Will be back very soon!!!
Upon arriving here we were taken back by the rough exterior. But as I read with previous Yelpers reviews, I knew what to expect. But once you walk inside... Wow the decor and ambiance was pretty cool. I loved the feel of the place. Walking in was like a completely different place than the outside.

Me & the beau seated at the bar to wait for our friends. I ordered a Moscow Mule & he got a Pisco Sour. My Moscow Mule was so good, I just didn't like how it was filled with ice so I basically paid for a cup full of ice, I woulda liked more drink for my buck. Pisco sour had egg white in it so it basically just tasted like foam, honestly. I then ordered a Pimms Cup. Oh how I loved that drink! & had cucumber chunks in it! So delicious! My recommendation for a drink if you go here. 

Our friends started to come so we got a table. We were waiting for the clock to strike 12am so we can take advantage of their infamous happy hour! I ordered a Kansas Bone In w/ that extra spicy rub with Truffle Mac n Cheese as my side! OMG to die for! That rub on the steak had little flavor fairies dancing in my mouth! My friend ordered the Penne Pasta. That was also extremely good, not part of their happy hour though. The beau ordered chicken wings and everyone thought they were so good, but I think they tasted like chicken wings! Lol. \_()_/ 

What really stood out to me was our waiter, Christian. He was extremely delightful, making suggestions for which cocktails we would like. One of my friends got what he has suggested & didn't like it and Christian brought him another drink for free! Also towards the end he brought us out some bomb sugar donuts with 2 mouth watering dipping sauces, also on the house! How sweet of him. 

Overall I loved this place.. I'll probably be returning very soon!
I give it to our waiter, Christian and the steaks!

The outside is a bit "ghetto".. But soon as you come in, it's almost like a renaissance, back in the old days, touch of vampire feel.
Similar to the Artisan Hotel on Sahara.

We sat at the bar first while waiting for the infamous happy hour at midnight! I only did like one cocktail that night and it happened to be my friend's, the Pimms Cup - which had ginger ale, cucumber and lime. I usually don't like cucumber drinks, but this is the drink to try there! The other cocktails I had just had a weird after taste to me and so just wasn't a fan.

Midnight hits, we're seated at the table and so we ordered our steaks and other desired items. I ordered the 18oz Ribeye Steak with side of the Garlicky Spinach. Grilled to perfection, tender, juicy and oh SOO delicious! You can def taste the quality in the steak! My side on the other hand was, as you expected, garlicky. I had asked for it to be a little less garlicky, but nonetheless still a good side.

The group ordered Penne, Chicken Wings, New York Steak, Kansas Bone In, sides and more drinks!

Christian definitely accommodated our every need and was very knowledgeable of the items/ drinks on the menu! He even topped off our night with a complimentary dessert, which I couldn't, unfortunately have.

Nothing beats great service and food!
Come between 5p-8p and 12a-3a and enjoy half off on their happy hour menu! Great drinks, great food, great atmosphere.
Bad surprise at the end. 

The restaurant is located a bit far from the strip with strip prices.  Located among pawn shops and alike we got a bit scared but the good thing there is a parking in front of the restaurant. 

The prohibition like ambiance is kind of cool and you feel part of a boardwalk empire episode. You expect James Gandolphini or Joe Pesci showing up at any time. 

If you are budget conscious you'd better ask for the price of he cocktails before you order. We only took appetizers and no entrees but the cocktails were half of the bill and it wasted our entire experience. 

The food was ok and the bread was really dry and old. 

Disappointed.
One of the BEST Steaks in Vegas. The meat quality is amazing and there is a perfect charred outside and juicy and tender inside. Au Poive sauce is one of the best I have had. Wish they could bottle it! Fabulous drink menu for mixed drink snobs. I love the Bramble. Oh and the other dishes are just as great. I am now a regular and always share a steak, one of the pizzas and a side or two with my hubby. Truffle Mac and cheese is great, so is the  margarita pizza. Save room for the homemade fresh doughnuts!!!! It's a taste of old Vegas glam but a trendy and upscale crowd. Happy Hour from 5-8 and after midnight the Steaks are 1/2 price and so are a few other things...they seem to be very busy always after 8pm so if you want a more quiet dinner go early. Service is great, not much to complain about :)
3 stars only because service was kinda slow. But our server was really nice!

The bf took me to this hidden gem... this place serves awesome cocktails. It looks a little sketchy outside because of the area it's in BUT it's really nice inside. Awesome decor & feel.

A great place for happy hour! Definitely a must try for drinks.
Love this place!! They have a full section on the menu with classic cocktails like Manhattans and Negroni's, with little bits of information on each of the cocktail. Their Happy Hour is probably one of the best in town! The steak was awesome and so was the service. Cannot wait to go back.
I am saddened that I have to write this review as I thought my calls and emails to the GM and kitchen mgr would have been returned.

We went to Herbs and Rye on a Thursday night in the hopes of having an amazing meal,
but left heavy-hearted knowing that we probably would never return again. My
husband and I have been visiting your establishment for the last 2 years during
happy hour and have always had an amazing experience. We have been served by
Rickey several times in the past, and left extremely satisfied and happy. I have always
referred people to your establishment when asked "Where can I get the best steak
in town?". We've brought family and friends on numerous occasions as well.

We began our dining experience this evening at 6:30 pm. We were made aware, upon
ordering our food that if we were ordering a steak, to expect a 30 minute cook
time. We placed our entire order at 6:40. Chorizo meatballs, Truffle Mac and
Cheese and 2 Filet Mignons-cooked medium well with blue cheese topping and garlicky spinach. We anticipated our steaks to come out within the 30 minute "window" referenced, but they were not delivered to our table until 7:35. An entire 55 minutes later. I asked Rickey
if the restaurant was short staffed that evening, to which he replied "for happy hour, we
are short-staffed in order to keep the prices low." When our steaks finally
arrived, they were overcooked and dry. And, instead of an apology, our waiter,
took out his light, and asked us to cut them in half, like we were at Chili's. He proceeded to tell me that medium-well meant light pink, to which my steak was GREY in color.
He then saw they were grey and a little "overcooked" and would be sent back. I
told him that I didn't want to wait another hour for the steaks, to which he
replied "they won't take that long, there's always steaks already on the grill."
New steaks didn't return to the table for another 30 minutes. By this time,
we've been sitting for 90 minutes. Unacceptable in my opinion. I realize it was
happy hour, but this should never be an excuse as we've never encountered this
before. We were told a manager was going to come to the table, but never did.
By the time we received our check, it was 8:30, and we had spent enough time wallowing in this disappointing situation. I have read all of the success stories and effort to turn this
restaurant around, and I have appreciated the service and food in the past. If I
knew that I was going to be sitting for 2 hours, I would have gone to the strip
for a better experience. I'm not generally one to write letters or complain
about food not being cooked properly, as most of the time, it's rectified in a
timely manner. I was even more shocked that we were about to be offered dessert as compensation, and would have had to sit another 30 minutes. We politely declined. I've given the GM and the kitchen manager 4 days to contact me via reply to my numerous emails, but so far, they have not. It's a complete shame they don't have their act together in keeping local visitors who used to visit monthly.
Absolutely love this place! The ambiance is amazing and the steaks are out of this world! Love the happy hour and the cocktails! Anyone looking for a nice romantic steak dinner, this would be the place to go!
This is by far one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas.  You barely notice it driving down W. Sahara Ave but do yourself a favor and go have dinner here!! The ribeye steak I had with a side of truffle Mac n cheese was out of this world. Steak was cooked just how I ordered it. Go during happy hour and get 50%off of the steaks!
Normally a great place. We have been several times and lately the service has been fair to poor.  We took a friend there on Thursday night at 9pm. The dinner hour rush was over and there was only 4 tables that had people. So it was slow. We waited 75 mins before we received our food. We had to call the waiter over 3 times to get water to our table and final after 45 mins if waiting I ask if our food was coming. We were told that it was coming right out. I called the waiter again and then he said that the order did not make the kitchen since their ticket machine in the back was not working. However other people that arrived after us did receive their food on time and faster than us.  We final received our meal and the dishes came out separate.  My pork chop was not hot and I just are it as everyone else had received their food and we were ready to leave.  The waiter asked if we needed anything else and said he was sorry about the wait. I was pleased that he apologized but said that he would have to ask the manager if they could discount the meal since we waited so long. When the bill came they took off 2 drink for a table of 3 and did not discount the food????  Thanks for the $8 discount on a $80 ticket. Could do more...especially for locals that brings u business.  

I will have to consider going back again.  Sad because it is a cool place to go that true Vegas
Solid 4.5 stars. One half point deducted for an extremely heavy hand on the salting. I LOVE salt. But mind you, there are other flavours in the world. Salt is meant to enhance a dish's flavour; not dominate it.  The steaks are already generously rubbed with a house seasoning which renders any of the "add-ons" totally unnecessary. The apps are super salty, the sides are super salty, the steaks are salty.  So by the end of your 3 course meal your mouth is falling in on itself with pucker. We came during happy hour and unfortunately our medium rare steaks were overcooked. But they were still delicious, nonetheless. Service was attentive, the drinks were well balanced and delivered promptly. Even the hostess was really good at her job. My espresso (I am obsessed with the stuff): perfect. Creamy, rich, and had no burnt aftertaste as some espressos are wont to have. If you care at all about craft cocktails you MUST come here. I've never seen anything like it. (Bartender for 14 years)
For a long time, we've considered this restaurant our secret.  Happy Hour is the BOMB!

Herbs and Rye serves super tasty drinks and delicious steaks for a low price.  It seems that the people of Vegas are catching on to the best kept secret in town.  The last few times we stopped in the place has been full!  It's great to see a local restaurant doing such a great job!

You have to stop in and see the newly remodeled bar area and have the bartenders serve you a drink. 

This place is a MUST go! :)
Had a great time here...I am not much of a drinker but I do like my Whiskey...

The Menu needs to be fixed as I could not read it..the font was hard to read and the red letters made it impossible..I thought because I was not wearing my glasses was the reason, so i asked the guy next to me and he said the same thing.....so fix that and all is good...

I asked the bar tender what was a good drink for whiskey he made me a Brown Derby it was really good..I saw a lot of cool drinks

The Brussels spourtts are definitely  must have no they are a try them before you try anything else kinda thing and I am not a brussel sprout kinda guy.

My new place for a steak as there happy hour has steaks at half price
Okay it's one of the best stocked bars in Vegas - liquor wise. Their cocktail list is serious and well crafted. Now short cuts here. A true mixologist paradise for flavor and well executed drinks with attention to detail. 

Food- I only had the meatballs with chorizo and filet sliders.... I was stuffed and wanted to order other items to see if they were as good. I will be back to see!
After two consecutive incidents with the same server, Debra, I'm forced to write this review. First happened February 14th, 2014. My girlfriend and I came in for dinner. She took our order wrong, food came out wrong, runner went back into kitchen, couple minutes later food came out right so no big deal. Debra however pretended it didn't happen and didn't even apologize. Again, no big deal. Left her a 18% tip and totaled it to 90$ on my card. On my credit card statement I was charged 100$. 

I Talked to the manager, Alennry, on the phone and said he was busy at the moment so he gave me his email to explain the situation. Emailed him twice over the course of two weeks and no reply. I ended up letting it go, convincing myself it could have been an honest mistake. 

April 12th, 2014 rolls around and I decide their happy hour sounds good, which it is. Don't get me wrong it's a great happy hour. Again were sat in Debra's section. Funny right? This time I total my card to 33$ and I was charged 38$, same thing with my girlfriends card. Now I'm at the point where I'm very upset because it's clear Debra is forging credit card tips. Being a server in the Vegas industry myself I know this is the biggest no no. 

Now I go in and talk to Nectaly himself about the situation. He seemed very sorry and genuine about the situation and said he would get the money refunded. At the end of the day, the extra 5$ charged on not only one but both our cards is not a big deal, it's the principle that counts. Nectaly emails me saying he's getting statements from his merchant. Takes about a week but he finally gets them. Then he doesn't email back for a couple days and then I finally get an email saying he's in New York and will refund them as soon as he's back. I say that's awesome and couple days go by and no email or refund. I email again and now there's absolutely no response for a week.

And now I'm writing this review. It's upsetting because like I said, their happy hour and food quality is awesome. But this is not the way you do business. The first time could have been an honest mistake but twice from the same server is no coincidence. You don't steal from customers, that's not the way you do business. Please take warning. The managers and owners seem to be more than okay with doing shady business.
Awesome handmade cocktails.  Our servers - Christian and Ronnie - were really awesome to speak with and were extremely knowledgeable.  They recommended some great drinks based on the type of alcohol I enjoy, and the balance of flavor I was looking for.  The appetizers were phenomenal (we had the meatballs and muscles) and then enjoyed the salmon and new strip for our entrees.  We then topped it all off with their doughnut dessert with caramel and cream cheese dipping sauces - so freaking good.  Aside from the great food, the ambiance and excellent service from Christian and Ronnie really made the experience.  It has an old-school lounge feel and apparently has an awesome late night happy hour starting at midnight.  Definitely take the chance to check this place out if you're looking for some great drinks and food outside of the strip.
It was good service from the second we arrived and it was almost a full house. The portions were a little smaller but form happy hour specials they were bigger than most places. We both had the fillet and it was prepared excellently. The chocolate chip cookie desert is made fresh per order and worth the 10 min wait!
This establishment looks very appealing.. Ambience is nice, but their business would probably benefit by putting the correct closing weekday hours on their website. My boyfriend and I drove all the way from mountains edge to catch their late happy hour (12-3a) but unfortunately we arrived to find out that last call is at 145am, not 3.
Pushy on the drinks, but after midnight you can't find a better place in town for steaks. 

I've had every whiskey drink under the sun there and have never been disappointed. 

The porterhouse is great and the truffle fries are seasoned to perfection.
It's my second time visited this place like this place hip and trendy for chill out, good food came late night happy hrs, server was ok try to understand our server kind of lil bit busy with the crowd at night!
I question giving this place 5 stars because I don't want to make it impossible for us to get a reservation. . One of the most important things for me is consistency and they have showed us that time and time again.  Amazing steaks, cocktails and apps.  Happy hour is a must and luckily we live 2 miles away.  Calamari is crunchy but not chewy. Meatballs are flavorful and always order extra bread to clean the plate.  Steaks are the best in town. And a must are the donuts!!! Just try them and you will understand. Great classic place.
I can't count how many times I have been here? I can't believe I'm just now writing a review?! My bad! This is the best local spot ever! From the outside it seems like a dive bar. You walk in and it has good music and a dark setting. Super chill dive bar vibe with 5 star food! The menu doesn't match the spot at all! The drinks are specially mixed and themed during the prohibition era! Super good and super clever setting. I highly recommend his spot!!!
You step in off Sahara Avenue. It's late afternoon, 5:30 pm. The stark contrast between daylight and the darkness in Herbs & Rye temporarily hurts the eyes and causes you to see total darkness for a few seconds after the door shuts quietly behind you, escorting you into a lush experience as your eyes adjust to the light levels and you see the colorful yet subdued sprawling bar and restaurant. Dark woods, candlelight, think old Vegas, where the locals might hang out. Or those who go for a menu that is more drink than meal. Definitely more substance than fluff.

Happy hour is from 5-8 pm (and I think 12-3 am) with half off most cuts of beef and 50% off house wines and a few other things. 

The house wine (Dark Horse) was very good for a by-the-glass reasonable option and I had two glasses. My husband had a glass of champagne and thought it a bit sweet - he would have ordered more had there been a larger selection and a definitive brut.

My husband loved his steak, the 18 oz ribeye. It was so big he took half of it to go and it was done so perfectly that he was able to reheat it and it was still mildly medium rare the next day for lunch. Touche!

I am a vegetarian but I looked at the menu before we arrived and I knew what I'd order: tomato bisque soup and the brussels sprouts. The soup was spectacular and the sprouts were delicious and also served with...bacon...in the same portion.  I just picked out the bacon and ate the brussels sprouts. The menu should mention this as nearly everyone would think that an item that is labeled as brussels sprouts would be vegetarian. No biggy for me, I used to eat meat.

We will be back the next time we are in Vegas!
Fantastic place! Hope to go again soon. 

Love the 1920's prohibition vibe in there. It's dark, with small output chandeliers, and felt wall paper. I feel like I'm no longer in Vegas and instead I'm in a place that talks about its mob culture. The mob made money off bringing alcohol, then they built Vegas. It was the places that looked like this that made Vegas what it is. 

I had the rib eye which was seasoned so perfectly. Came out a perfect medium rare. I ate the whole thing, came with a side of truffle fries that had just a nice hint of garlic, not too much like most places. 

The calamari was a must. I would recommend it over most Italian places. It was a great presentation too.

The cocktails were so fun. I was trying to hit all the different eras of cocktails but I was starting to feel pretty good by the fourth set, there's a total of seven I believe.

Can't wait to go again, and impress more friends with this place!
I've been here many times and the drinks are excellent! They do not skimp on the alcohol either. The food is delicious and they have steaks on happy hour. The staff is always friendly and attentive. Nice 1920's ambiance. I will keep coming back!
I LOVE this place, suggest it to all my friends and come here at LEAST once a month.. I always have mark as my bartender and he is AMAZING!!  I just recently met JOJO and he comes off kinda rude.  He keeps slamming the bar with his hand, telling people to finish their drinks and asking guys if they need straws in their drinks... It just seems like he wants attention... And giving the fact that this bar has class and sticks to classic feel/drinks... He tends to give off a not so classy feel
Sadly, I won't be returning to Herbs and Rye.

My favorite waiter, Ronnie, informed me the last time I was there that the new manager has instituted a very high corkage policy that is nothing short of punitive.
Given that this restaurant has a very limited, not to mention mediocre, wine selection, punishing wine collectors like me is a breathtakingly stupid policy.

Here's a math lesson for this boy-wonder manager, who will no doubt be managing an Arby's in the future:
Fair corkage in a restaurant should be the cost of the lowest glass of wine on the menu....which is what I had. 
That means the restaurant made a few dollars on the sale. If they had charged me the same as that glass of wine to open my bottle, let's say $12, that would have been pure profit....and they wouldn't have lost a customer. 
So stupid.
Gothic/vamp inspired theme. I had the filet mignion with garlic mashed potatoes and a few cocktails. My hot date had the ribeye steak with the mushrooms which were uhmazing! And I don't even like mushrooms. Lulz. As far as the cocktails go I had the diabla which was a tequila cocktail and a jack rose which was whiskey based. Both were very strong and tasty but I preferred the Jack rose. Enjoy! it was a great steak place!
I've read multiple write ups on this restaurant and decided to check it out. I STRONGLY suggest reservations as the place as it is always packed. 

Called a week in advance to make a reservation and it was some how lost. The hostess did some magic and with a small wait at the bar was able to get us seated. 

I cannot rave enough about the cocktails. We tried 4 different drinks and fell madly in love with them all. 

The steak is mouth watering and came out perfectly cooked. Ronnie was an attentive waiter and offered great service. 

We will definitely be back again and again.
Decent steak prices... pushy service.

This place in the in the hood.  It looks ghetto from the outside but actually very nice inside.  We had reservations at 5:30 and their Happy Hour is 5-8, however, nobody was being let in and nobody from the restaurant was telling the growing crowd what was going on, which was beyond frustrating.  There were delivery people trying to get in but they wouldn't let them either.  

They finally opened the doors at 6pm and checked in.

#NOTE;   If you want a booth... you have to reserve it while you're making the reservation.  Who knew?  You'd think with the 1,000 questions the staff asks you while ordering, this would have been something they would have mentioned... but I guess it's not an 'add on', they don't care.

We got seated and IMMEDIATELY, "What kind of cocktails can I get you?"  I mean, as we were sitting down and not even looking at the menu yet.  We asked for a minute and literally got a minute, "Decided on some cocktails yet?"  Geez-us.  We asked for water for now and she was clearly upset.  Like, relax with the pushiness, we'll friggin' order cocktails.  Then she came back again, like a minute late and we finally got something without looking, not knowing what "Happy Hour" entailed.  I ordered a Riesling, my friend's boyfriend got a Stella... neither was a Happy Hour price, as we hadn't really had a chance to look things over yet.  

So, their Happy Hour... the 'big draw' are the steaks.  It's crazy how they're listing them around $40-$48 a cut, like this is a top tier steakhouse on the strip... pretty laughable actually.  However, you get "half off"... bringing the price to EXACTLY being slightly overpriced.  It got a NY Strip... there was some gristle here and there, not the best cut of beef, not the worst... just like a typical steak you'd get at a super market.  Clearly it wasn't aged (which sounds 'snooty', but for the $40ish price point, you expect that).  

There are TWO wines on the "Happy Hour" list and very mediocre ones.  I just had the Reisling, which was good.    

Now, here's the kick in the balls... the "bacon."  When we're ordering, the waitress kept asking, "With bacon?"  Does it come with it?  Dunno... "Um, sure."  Like idiots, we got it all around, not realizing how much extra it was.  $3!!!  She didn't mention it would be more but you assume it's like $1 or something.  So, we got bacon on the fries, the mashed potatoes, etc.  Guess what that $3 gets you... um, literally, ONE SLICE OF BACON.  ONE.  Uno.  "A" slice of bacon... placed on top of the fries.  The hell are you going to do with that!?  Chop it up and hide how cheap you are, at least!    

Anyway... the side.  Very average.  The mac and cheese sucks, very bland, almost chalky. Fries are okay but the cheese isn't melted - it's just room temperature cheese thrown on some fries... with a slice of bacon curled up, laying on top. Brussel sprouts are shockingly good. Mashed potatoes are good. 

This place was just a huge letdown.  The pushiness of the "upsells" from the waitress combined with the lackluster sides, the average cuts of the steaks, not being let in (and no explanation), and everything else just kinda blew it for us.
Cool spot to take a date. Cross between a 20s era speakeasy and a hipster type joint. Food was excellent and the prices weren't too bad. Try the donuts for dessert :) The music was just right. Not too loud and easy to eat / drink by. Service was also attentive, but not overly bothersome. Definitely a locals spot worth checking out.

Located in a slightly rough area. Be observant when you are in the parking lot.
Great HH!! Half off steaks..... Yes, steaks!! Drinks are old school prohibition style drinks made properly! Food was very good and although a little pricey, worth the price!! Drinks do take a while to get out and if the bar is full service is iffy but worth the wait.
My boyfriend and I invent reasons to come here. The main reason is usually their cheesy broccoli, among other dishes they make. Also, Moscow Mules. Theirs are delightful. As a cutesy couple who likes to snuggle up in a booth, share all our food and drinks, and get just a little tipsy. This place is just perfect. The food is surprisingly good, several of the items on their menu have become things I CRAVE. It's great for dates, for girls night, when you've got a friend from out of town, whatever reason you can think of... Get here, you'll enjoy it and you can thank me later.
Not sure about the bad reviews.  The service and food were both outstanding.  Mark the bar tender was very friendly and fun just to watch.  Even just ordering drinks and watching them make the over 30 or so old fashion cocktails is reason enough to go check it out.  Also the steak was amazing and during happy hour its half off steaks and drinks!
I was here with my sister and her pharmacy school friends a couple nights ago and was overall quite pleased with my experience. We originally made a reservation for 10 but we must have miscounted because we actually had 12 people in our party. What should've been an easy fix (adding a couple chairs and place settings) took about fifteen minutes and my sister overheard the waiters whispering to each other about making us wait longer since we inconvenienced them. Very uncool. 

The first thing I noticed when I walked in was that it was very VERY dim. It took a while for my eyes to adjust, but I guess it added to the ambiance. The service was a little slow but the food was quite good. Since we had a party of more than 8, we were told to order appetizers and share them family style which would cost each of us $8. We agreed to it and were not disappointed. We got margherita flatbread, meatballs, calamari, and caprese salad. For my entree I ordered a flat iron and it was cooked perfectly and tasted great. I ordered truffle fries for my side and the portion was huge. So even though the steak was a little pricey, I feel like I pretty much paid for two. We made happy hour thanks to our waiter who disclosed to us that we should order our entrees quickly before it ended. This meant that all of the steak entrees were half off which is a pretty great deal. At the very end, our waiter brought out free desserts for us which brings them up to four stars despite the questionable service at the beginning.
Really enjoy the style of this place- a fun speakeasy prohibition style vibe! Their drink menu is awesome- full of flare with variety, they also have a full service bar with lots of options! Excellent food! Attentive service!

Definitely a place worth checking out!
One of my girlfriends who moved to Vegas about a year ago wanted to take me out on a dinner date. 

Rather than perusing through Yelp, I opted for her to call the shots on where to take me. Now that's a rare occasion since more often than not, I do the cuisine-suggesting. The change was definitely nice and made for a few pleasant surprises.

She picked me up from MGM and took the backroads, clearly well off the strip to a local hang out called Herbs & Rye. 

Upon entering, you definitely are taken aback by how dark it is in there. Seriously, your eyes don't quite fully adjust until you are seated. We got there in the early evening and it was starting to get packed. Fortunately, my girl made reservations and we were situated in one of their awesome booths facing the bar. 

You don't have pages and pages of menu to peruse through. Their offerings are simple and to the point, no frills here. Don't get me wrong, just because the menu isn't laced with words you can't pronounce or ingredients you've never seen, doesn't mean quality has been sacrificed. On the contrary, the seem to use products of utmost quality with particular attention to the entree's final outcome.

We had  a wonderful server, I'd like to say his name was Richard though I'm no longer sure. He was warm without being overbearing, made us laugh a little and suggested deliciously buttery chardonnay for me. 

BTW happy hour is awesome here, but many of their dishes, yes even the steaks at 50% off!

We ordered:
Carpaccio - i have never had carpaccio before and this was just amazing. I would order this again in a heartbeat

New York Strip - We added bacon and oh my was that a thick cut piece of pork! They prepared it medium rare and seasoned just right

Truffle Mac n Cheese - Although not too truffle-y, this mac n cheese was still a hit

Sweet Potato Tots - We got this with the marshmallow crust. heaven in your mouth. geez.

Mind you they have a very impressive selection of cocktails as well.

We skipped dessert this particular time since we were going somewhere else for our sweet treats. Regardless, our meal was fantastic and kudos to the folks at Herbs & Rye for the stellar experience.
The food was very pricy and if your ready to spend that much go!
The service was good, he was that typical waiter, doesn't want to come to the table to much. 

I order the Pork and fig, it was super delicious, but I, as a cook myself, have never cooked a pork as rare as I had it. I couldn't really tell because the lighting was really dark, but the next I'm completely sick!!! I have never had to actually order the TEMP of pork before! If someone does not want it well done they say so! But the only reason I'm suffering right now is because I gave them the benefit of the doubt and believed in the cooks!

IF YOU ORDER THE PORK MAKE SURE YOU TELL THEM A TEMP TO!! because apparently it's a new thing to cook them medium RARE!! 

My boyfriend got the strip steak which he order rare and was perfectly cooked!
My girl friend got the salmon. I tried as well it was delicious.
They both loved the mash potatoes!

For dessert, they had home-made doughnuts with two different sauces, a white coconut and a delicious buttery caramel. Me and my girl friend over stuffed our faces with dessert!

"I could of skipped dinner and just had that dessert!" - we all said.


The alcohol selection was fantastic! I've tried scotch for the first time. I don't prefer it, but it was so cool, the one mix drink they have with scotch, they hold an orange peel over the alcohol and light the top on fire. SUPER cool.

The atmosphere was beautiful, the lighting kept changing in the middle of our dinner, which was weird. 

My girl friend that took me loves this place for the scotch, it's not my scene, but for someone that likes really good aged alcohol will love this place.
Happy hour is amazing...but honestly at full price dinner and drinks here are still a bargain anybody that disagrees is a negative yelper and refuses to be happy to pay for quality, the passion behind the bar menu and behind the bar itself is rare to see with such little spotlight or reward....they have one goal and that to impress and make you happy mission accomplished...the first bartender we had was probly my favorite he had moved here from California...and his on the spot mixology based on flavor and spirit preference was rare nowadays...I haven't seen him since not sure if he is still there or have just missed his shifts
great prohibition-y vibe with an extensive menu of cocktails, but the actual cocktails don't live up to the rep this place puts forward. 

Service was super lackluster.  Came at about 6:30 on a weekday and waited probably an hour to get our food. When I asked the waiter if our food was coming soon, he had the gall to ask, "Do you have to be somewhere? Is there a certain time you need to leave by" 

So..... if I said 8, would you wait til a half hr before to get me my food? What kills me, was that it wasn't even busy... other reviews might talk about the waiters running around with their heads cut off, but it was not even busy. 

3 stars for the amazing deal on steaks (got a kansas flat iron for 14$... really not bad) 

but there are virtually not HH drink deals (all 13$), and the other food was very average and expensive. 

I.e., 

flatbread - bruschetta style -- very mediocre $15 
Mac and Cheese, --only plus was the truffle flavor, but otherwise nothign special 
Prosciutto penna pasta -- a whopping 22$ and it did not knock my socks off. 


We asked the bartender (i think the owner) to make 3 different cocktails and he could not get it right... for a place that touts such an expansive list, you'd think he could make 1 well balanced cocktail, but he didn't really know what he was doing.  To his credit, was a nice guy, so 3 stars for that and the food)
Hand crafted cocktails in a avant garde type setting. It's one of my favorite local dive bars with great ambiance. The bartenders are always very outgoing and personable. Not that I frequent here on a weekly basis but I've been in quite a few times. 

Their menu is American fare with a focus on Steaks. They do have an decent seafood menu with clam and fish etc. I love their Happy Hour which is half off for all items with stars next to them on the menu. It's a great deal if your craving steaks! I personally adore their linguini & clams pasta in a white wine and garlic sauce. It's savory and portion size is decent for its price. The steaks I have mix feelings about. My gals and I ordered the flat iron and NY strip and each was requested to be cooked medium rare however the NY came out a little too rare. Too rare too tough, but whatever floats your boat.

The service provided last evening was pretty how shall I say crappy. We began at the bar and as always the bartenders were great. There were 4 of us so we dined at a booth. It's busy I get it and it's late night but it doesn't mean you should be understaffed and the guests should have to suffer for it. We waited a pretty long time after our food order, my stomach was coming alive!!Probably why we received many items on the house. Unfortunately, we had to remind our server several times of certain requests and it took another bjillion years on the check. O, hopefully it won't happen in the future and we will just sit at the bar.
The food was just awesome.  The 5 of tried 3 different steaks and 5 different sides and we loved everything.  The steaks were perfectly cooked.  My favorite sides were the jalepeno cream corn and the brussel sprouts....so flavorful.  Also loved the sweet potato tots and asparagus. The waitress was sweet and her service very good.  My hubby and i had 2 huge steaks and 2 sides for under 60 bucks.  The only disappointment was that we had 5:00 reservations,  (as well as several other patrons),  and we all stood in the 105 degree heat for 15 minutes because they didn't open the doors until 5:15 (even though a sign on the front clearly says happy hour is 5:00-8:00.) When they finally opened the door there was no apology from the hostess, and she didn't even hold the door open.  She just opened it then closed it on everyone.  Despite the bad initial impression,  we will go back for the food.  We will just be sure to go after 5:15.
Love going to this place during happy hour.  Their macaroni and cheese is phenomenal!  Moscow mules are made perfectly every time.  I'd give it a 5, but the last time we were there, our food took a very long time.  Some of it must have been forgotten about it, because some meals were dried out, probably from sitting under a heat lamp in the kitchen.  Manager made it up to us with a round of shots of our choice :-)  Definitely will go back again.  Hard pressed to find another spot to grab a late dinner that is so affordable and tasty,
Great atmosphere ! Bartender was great. Defiantly coming back. Spent many years contemplating  trying the place out. Only regret not doing it sooner.
Great food, good drinks and really cool environment. Reason for the 1 star was the horrible horrible wait staff. Everything he could have done wrong as a waiter he did & paved the way with apologies.. Don't say sorry, just be better at your job. Otherwise, I enjoyed the king Kong and a variety of cocktails. I may go back, but never on a Thursday at midnight again
Quite possibly the best steak I've ever had. 

The truffle mac and cheese was good. But not a great compliment to the steak. The broccoli with cheese and the whipped garlic mashed were both amazing and complimented my steak perfectly. The rib-eye is the only way to go. Perfectly seared on the outside and perfect pink on the inside. When you order medium, medium is what you get. For 3 of us, during happy hour, with 1 cocktail, came to about $150.
Food was incredible.  My only complaint was the service was nearly non-existent, and I also didn't care for the waiter asking me to pay my bill so he could go home even though we still hadn't been served drinks.  Had it not been for the service, I would have definitely given a five star rating.
I've heard a lot about their cocktails and have been meaning to make a visit for the longest time but for some reason only remembered on Sundays which is when they're closed. I finally was able to visit last night around midnight ! It looks like just a bar on the outside, so driving by if you've never heard about this place, you wouldn't think it was anything special. But people, enough about it's "in the ghetto". North-town, Twain/Maryland Parkway, Boulder Highway, MLK/Charleston, THAT'S ghetto. Sahara/Valley View? Not the best but come on, not ghetto. Let's not get crazy.
Soo anyways, the inside, kind of vampirey and a little dark, it takes your eyes some time to adjust but they have mini flashlights you can request. Oh and bring your glasses, goodness I felt like an old lady trying to read the super small lettering on the menu lol. There was lots of seating and at the time we came, not busy even though happy hour was going on (12-3). Happy hour was half off some steaks included with a side. Sounds like a great deal but my boyfriend and I didn't want something too heavy so we'll try it next time especially since everyone around us was taking advantage of that great deal and it looked delicious!
Onto the drinks! Oh my goodness, soo good, AMAZING. After my first drink, Weekend at the Walfdorf, which is a fruity rum based drink, I made part of my life's goal to try all the drinks on their menu Lol. Next I had the infamous Moscow Mule that I've heard soo much about. The best I've had. Perfect amount of fizzyness and Ginger. Yummy!! I'll take a liter for home please Lol. My boyfriend had the Ramos Gin Fizz and it was another amazing drink especially if you love Gin. It had a lemon tang to it and frothed egg whites. If you're from San Fran, my boyfriend said the quality of drinks were very similar to Burritt Room & Tavern in Union Square.
Next, the food. Carpaccio was flavorful and I always like when restaurants serve an argula salad on top, so really good. I wish there was a little more capers though. Very comparable to carpaccios I've had on the strip. The Pork & Figs we shared was large and really delicious as well. I loved the sauce and figs, and the mashed potatoes. The pork was not as tender as I liked it to be but the Gorgonzola on top made up for that. I could definitely see myself craving this dish. Now let's talk about their amazing donuts. Wow. First of all, I think there's like a dozen mini donuts & holes sugar coated and was served super soft and warm. Definitely enough for four people! But since they're soo addicting, two people could easily demolish these even with a full belly. It came with two sauces, I forgot the names but it seemed like a white chocolate and caramel. Lick your fingers good Lol. 
I just really wish that this place had a higher quality feel to match the great quality and pricing of the food and drinks they serve! You can still look prohibitiony and sleek at the same time! Lol The service was good and friendly, drinks took a little long but they are hand crafted cocktails! The poor bartenders even had to froth up egg whites for one of our drinks! Lmao I will definitely be back for their happy hour steak special and their drinks!! :)
Unfriendly staff. Overpriced food. Dark as hell inside. Some of the food was fairly good, I'll admit... (Like the bruschetta flatbread, the calamari, the sliders and the carpaccio) but not for the price at all. Only thing probably worth it would be the happy hour on the steaks, where they're half off. 

What I cannot get over, is that we asked if we could have two separate tables put on one check. Flat out no. We tried getting tables literally next to each other. Still no. Unless the tables were physically touching, they wouldn't put it on the same bill. This made no sense. I've heard of issues separating a bill, but this had me seriously laughing. 

Oh, and my "the farmer" flatbread came out SO burnt, it's ridiculous. It was almost inedible. Rock hard, completely black on the bottom... the cheese was so overdone it wasn't even white anymore! When I complained and had it returned, I was basically sneered at. We ended up spending $500+ but good service couldn't even be provided. Amazing. 

Overall, horrible experience. Money not well spent. Next time we are looking for a happy hour, I'll opt for a place with happier employees!

PS, the linguini is one of the only dishes on the happy hour menu for a reason. It sucks!
I've been here quite a few times now for happy hour and, yes, I am a bonafide FAN! I looooove their dirty martinis here.  I dare say I have yet to find a place in Vegas that has tickled my vodka martini fancy in comparison.  And then half off happy hour steaks?!? You just can't beat that.  Might I suggest the truffle mac and cheese and the garlic mashed potatoes? They just might save your life.   You're welcome :) Also, the staff ain't half bad.  Pretty nice service each and every time :)
Love the place. My friend introduce me to this restaurant and my Mother and I fell in love with it.  The food is delicious and not expensive. The ambiance is modernly hip. Great place to hang out and do karaoke. I recomend this fine establishment 100%. :-)
Nice atmosphere, very good food. They have a couple nice karaoke rooms and three private dining rooms. Bottle service is more reasonable then most places.
   A great place to go with a group of friends.
With my newly purchased Groupon in hand we decided to check out Match last Friday night. It's located at the corner of Maryland Pkwy and Silverado Ranch in a strip mall. From the outside it didn't look too inviting with their "Open" sign not lit up and no patio furniture. But the inside is a different story. It looks like they spent a pretty penny on the interior design of the place (or maybe the previous tenants did?). Either way, it's got a cool, modern feel. And the top of the bar is eyecatching because it's made to look like a ship's hull.

The owner, Gregory, was incredibly nice. Apparently, he's worked on the strip for over a decade operating restaurants like Morels at the Palazzo. Their concept of "cosmopolitan tapas" seemed a little weird to me at first -- not knowing how it would taste to pair flavors from different continents together. I'm also skeptical of restaurants that have large menus, thinking that with so many dishes it's more difficult for chefs to master all of them. But, based on the  seven dishes we had I was impressed. All but one of the dishes ranged from good to great.

- Spicy sour fish ($5.00) - Red snapper, ponzu, jalapeo. Not as spicy as I expected.
- Seared tuna ($6.00) - lightly seared with a garlic sauce. So fresh, so good.
- Olepe: mussels ($4.00) - my least favorite dish. The flavors were decent but the mussels were too tough
- Dragon balls ($3.50) - my favorite dish of the night. A ball of spicey tuna, chopped onions, and peppers deep fried.
- Garlic sausage ($3.00) - slices of a mild sausage topped with chips of garlic. A very simple dish but it tasted great.
- Croquetas ($3.00) - 2 huge croquetas. They're about 3 times the size of the croquetas at Firefly. Absolutely delicious.
- Frozen orange ($5.50) - orange sorbet presented inside a hollowed out orange fruit. It's pre-made and frozen. Although the sorbet was so frozen that I had to chip away at it, the flavor was nice and refreshing.

Their prices are amazing! Most tapas range from 3-6 bucks, cheese plates are $12.00, entrees from $9-17, Korean BBQ is $18, paella $25 pp. Beer prices are around $4-7. Their wine list is filled with some gems that are all reasonably priced. Service was excellent, as well. Our server gave us some great recommendations and did a great job checking in on us throughout our meal. The waitresses all wear schoolgirl outfits that they alter to fit their personalities -- some are punk/rocker schoolgirls, others look like your typical sexy schoolgirl. I don't really get how the outfits fit in with the global tapas concept, but I'm not complaining.

Their concept contains so many different dishes but the interesting thing about it is that you can try the same main ingredient in different cuisines. Want a meal with different styles of pork? They have a Chinese style dish and a Korean one. But it would be cool if they had more dishes with the same protein so you could create a whole meal around that one ingredient -- a southern style pork dish, Latin-American pork dish, European pork dish. You get the picture.

Overall, Match is an amazing value. The subtotal with four drinks and tax was $54.59. Minus the Groupon it was $19.59. So, with tip it was just over $31. C'mon, that's unbelievable considering the quality of the food. I really hope these guys succeed. There needs to be more of these type of restaurants in suburban Las Vegas instead of more chain places. Despite it being a bit of a drive from my place I intend to be back often.
So, our original plan was to go to the Thai Restaurant the other night, but it was closed so Match is where we ended up.  I love tapas, but this place just didn't quite do it for me.  The menu consisted of many things that I was unfamiliar with so that's probably why.  I ordered the Chow Mein which was just okay in my opinion...to saucy for my taste.  I tried my friends Mongolian Sliced Beef which was tasty though.  

The Korean BBQ is a really cool concept.  They bring out the thinly sliced meet and you BBQ it yourself right at the table.  The decor is really nice.  It would be a good place for a date!  

We went at around 10:30 on a Sunday night and it was absolutely dead even though they're open til 2am and they started shutting down early...felt like we had to leave, ya know?

I give it a 3.5 and would give it another try sometime.
I make a weekly drive from downtown Vegas all the way down to Silverado Ranch and Maryland Pkwy just to eat and drink here. 
The food is outrageously fresh and full of flavor , the drinks they have are hard to find and taste just right. 
Plus who can pass up the food and drinks BOTH being priced super low. The prices are fast food prices but with famous chef quality food.
I totally suggest the beef sizzle plate, the tuna poke and the 43 Valenciano to wash it down.
The enterior is totally rad too. Very modern, yet dark and warm feeling. I love all the metals,woods and stone that were used to fill the dining area. 
If you want to party, then check out one of the 2 state of the art karaoke rooms they have too. Drunken nights of karaoke always make for great pictures and memories.
One of my top 3 favorite restaurants. Definitely a place you need to check out!!
Too bad this place is on the other side of town from me.  The food is excellent for a local joint.  Tapas with raw fish were fresh and sauce paired well.  We found the Asian themed tapas to be more flavorful than the Spanish ones.  Many dishes had kimchi as an ingredient.  It was a little annoying when the table next to us had Korean BBQ and they had to turn on the overhead ventilation for everyone.  Suddenly we had to talk over the fan noise.  The best part was most dish though small, only cost between 3 and 7 dollars each.  Quality of food was excellent for the price.
Seriously the most delicious food available past midnight! 

The interior decor was really hip & modern (you would have never guessed by looking at it from the outside). 

Our server was very sweet & covered in tattoos. She was very helpful & attentive. My boyfriend & I drink water like its going out of style, & she didn't miss a beat when our glasses needed to be refilled. 

For the simplicity of the dishes, the prices could be a little lower or maybe the dishes a little fuller.

TIP- GET THE DRAGON BALLS & THE CALAMARI, delicious.
Atmosphere's great, music is not too loud and the servers are very helpful. Food is good and they have an interesting selection. Reasonable prices and a great place to go for a late night meal, since they're open till 2 am.
Checked it out on a sunday night and the place was DEAD. Six people including the waitress. But, that didn't stop us. We sat under a hood; all the tables have Korean BBQ setups. The inner Decor was nice and modern, but I have a huge problem with the lighting and the chairs. People listen up: if you have a restaurant put in comfortable chairs, Please!

Our waitress was friendly and dressed in a Japanese school girl get up; interesting. She suggested ordering a few things and then maybe ordering more if we're still hungry. So for the first round we had the fried shrimp, ahi poke, beef skewers, and sushi salad. The fried shrimp were wrapped in a shredded phyllo or noodle and then fried. Pretty tasty. Ahi was piled on top of a bunch of shaved daikon which was unremarkable. However, the Ahi was spicy, fresh, and firm. The beef skewers were finely cooked but just were ok. There wasn't anything wrong, just plain. Simple is good, but they were boring. We thought the sushi salad could have been more inventive. The quality of the fish was great, but it was mixed into what appeared to be that industrial restaurant salad; you know the one with iceberg, red cabbage and carrots. We finished our four starters, enjoyed our drinks and decided we needed salty-greasy to finish us off.....

We then dove into the french fries with spicy aioli and dragon balls! The dragon balls were interesting to say the least. Two spicy tuna meatballs that were breaded and fully cooked. The flavor was nice, but the breading was really hard. On the border of not being able to be cut.  
The fries were hot and salty just like we wanted.

overall, I liked the place. I hope that as word gets out more people will show up. If we go back I would try the korean bbq for something different.
Well, there were some good points and some not so good.  I gave it a 2 because the whole description is what it felt like-Meh.

I had heard some good things about Match.  Reviews from actual food critics. (whom I am not sure I trust so much right now).  So I might have had kinda high expectations going in.  It was a Tues. night, 9pm and we were the only diners.  Not the best sign.  We started with cocktails.  I ordered a Suspicious Minds-a ginger version of the cosmopolitan and it was drinkable although a bit dry.  My husband ordered the Aloha (something) which was made with pineapple flavored vodka.  Think artificial pineapple candy flavored with rubbing alcohol.  Not very good.  He could barely finish it and went for the Kiwi Caipiroska..due to actual muddled fruit, it was sour but better than his previous drink.  I wouldn't even suggest a cocktail menu any more if you aren't going to use real fruit, real juice, and infused rather than flavored alcohols.

I like that each food item has the country of origin printed next to it.  Kind of makes you feel like you are eating around the world.  They are open until 2am and that is a great idea for our side of town too.  I guess when you are drunk the blandness of the food would be a good thing.


The prices are very reasonable (not like SOME places in town) so we felt comfortable to get quite a variety of small plates. We started with the Sashimi Salad, Salt and Pepper Calamari, Belgium Frites, Dragon Balls, Tuna Poke and usually we would order more.  Well, here's why we didn't. 

The Sashimi Salad had a decent amount of little pieces of sashimi and for the price I think it was justifiable.  There was way too much vinegar-ey dressing on way too little greens.  And the greens weren't really green but that horrible industrial iceberg lettuce mix a Walmart shopper adores.  Greens are so inexpensive they could at least have given us a large portion to absorb all that vinegar.

The Salt & Pepper Calamari was missing the salt and pepper.  We actually really tried to find the pepper..maybe it was white pepper? But couldn't see any or taste it either.  I have had this dish many times and usually you can actually taste the Salt and Pepper.  The panko style breading was a good crispyness, the calamari a bit too chewy (it kept snapping back at me!) but it had about NO flavor.

The Belgium Frites could have been Ore Ida.  I had these in San Francisco and I wouldn't be surprised if these were frozen from the bag and barely fried.  No salt to distract me here either.  The sauce Andolouse (?) was supposed to be spicy and was about as flavorful as your basic mayo.

Then the Dragon Balls.  We have had these types of creations at some sushi bars so we KNOW that you CAN deep fry sushi and still have it be moist inside.  These were not. They were fried so much on the outside they should be called Dragon Cannon Balls..and the spicy tuna inside was cooked so much that it didn't have any more flavor.

Last but not least we tried the Tuna Poke..I guess it can be considered authentic because there was Tuna and sesame oil..but since tuna is so light in flavor, that much sesame oil can be over powering.  I love sesame oil but really, a dish of it isn't that appealing.

Being the food adventurers we are we were going to try dessert anyway.  And here comes the best part of the meal.  We ordered the Hawaiian dessert which was like a biscuit dough deep fried and rolled in sugar.  The doughy balls had a lovely browned crispy outside with a tender light biscuit consistency inside.  Served warm, the sugar covering the dough was moist and perfect.

We also ordered the Frozen Coconut.  This is a great coconut sorbet, not too sweet with a creamy (not like ice cream) texture.  Served inside a halved coconut shell it was the perfect ending to a less than perfect meal.
Great food! Great atmosphere! Bring friends and hang out in the karaoke rooms! Staff is friendly helpful and gave us great suggestions! I will definitely be back!
Been here a couple times with a group of friends and we all agreed that everything we ordered was delicious!  We enjoyed using the karaoke rooms and it was free because we order more than $70 worth of food.  Our favorite dish is the oysters and favorite drink is the Banzai tea!
We decided to try Match after a day of antiquing.  We we're so tired and hungry by the time we got there, I'm surprised we didn't order all of their menu items.  In any case, let me grade the food first.  I had the Tuna Poke and the Salt and Pepper Calamari.  My partner had the Pineapple Fried Rice.  My dishes were seasoned well and very filling.  They serve a lot of tuna in their poke.  My partner loved their pineapple fried rice but for me, it lacked some saltiness to it.  Then came the Malasadas.  It was the best ones I've had, even better than the ones we get at the Pure Aloha festival.  It is definitely something different.  If you haven't had tapas before, this might jar you a bit since most of their food is meant to be a tasting rather than a meal.  There were 2 other couples while we were there and the server was very attentive.  All in all, I would try them again.  Their food is great and the service is top notch.  Next time, I'm going to try the Korean BBQ offerings.
If  the flavors of Match matched the restaurant's style, this would be one of the top restaurants in Vegas.  But the food fell flat and we left disappointed.

We tried out Match based on the recommendation of some of Vegas' food critics who raved about the cuisine.  Maybe they were distracted by the waitresses' Japanese schoolgirl outfits.  I know I was until the food arrived and I just couldn't believe the lack of flavor.

We ordered the cheese platter, the dragon balls appetizer and the Korean BBQ.  The cheese platter came with an interesting assortment of cheeses and we were excited, until we discovered that one of the cheeses was a flavorless hunk with the consistency of wax and two others were merely bland.  

I'll admit that the dragon balls were tasty, but they didn't blow me away.  The Vegas food critics couldn't stop raving about them, but we didn't get it.  There were subtle flavors but nothing rave-worthy.

Finally, the Korean BBQ we ordered came as simple cuts of rib eye and vegetables that you get to cook yourself.  Now the self-preparation was fun (think make your own pottery), but the meat wasn't particularly tasty and they provided very little in the way of seasoning or sauces.  The sauces they did offer were so salty -- tasting like a slightly diluted salt lick -- that we barely used them.

All in all, Match was a huge disappointment.  The decor is very cool.  The waitresses' outfits are entertaining.  The grills built into the tables were fun.  But the main point of the restaurant -- Food -- was a serious let down.
The most fun you can have eating, drinking and singing with your clothes on!

The people running Match, from the owners to the servers, bartenders and kitchen staff are some of the friendliest people in town.  I always feel welcome, have a fantastic meal, and end up staying hours more than I'd planned.  

The atmosphere is modern, clean, and inviting.  With different textures from wood to stone, glass & stainless steel, it boasts a feeling of opulence without stuffiness.  The music is current and played at just the right volume.

They offer a fabulous array of sakes, and any questions I've raised have been cheerfully and knowledgeably answered.  The wines-by-the-glass list is diverse with a few lesser-known wines, which I always appreciate.

If you don't come back for the sake, the service, or the signature cocktails, then you'll definitely be back for the food.  My favorite dish is by far the malasadas; Hawaiian doughnuts coated with sugar.  They're made to order, warm, and cooked to perfection each time.  They melt in your mouth like a fine piece of gourmet chocolate, and I dare you to eat them without falling completely in love.

As for the savory dishes, Dragon Balls is Match's so-called signature dish and it's a must try.  Don't let the funny name throw you.  EVERYONE raves about them.

One of my personal favorites is the vivaneau; red snapper sashimi, ponzu, jalapeno & tobiko.  This dish is fresh, light, with just the right amount of spice.

Seared ribeye with green onion and ginger apple sauce, grilled chicken skewers, calamari, Korean BBQ and chocolate fondue I can also highly recommend.

Don't forget about nightly specials.  Last night they had pork sliders that were, simply put, TO DIE FOR. 

The prices can't be beat. Most everything is small plates and meant to be shared.  Match is the perfect restaurant to bring a date.  They serve the full menu every evening from 5 pm 'til 2 am, closed Sunday.  If you karaoke, your private room awaits, but call ahead to reserve because they fill up fast!
Went back to Match with a friend, ranting about how cool it was & how much I loved the food...left a little disappointed & looked stupid for hyping it up that much. 

Noodle Wrapped Shrimp was a great start! Crispy & saucy, Compliments to the chef! A little pricy at $6 for 3 pieces of shrimp? 

Dragon Balls- tasty, little on the dry side this time. 

Salt & Pepper Calamari- Normally my favorite, ALSO a little dry, this time. 

Pinchito de Pollo (chicken skewers)- Skinny, flavorless & very fatty. The description says "grilled chicken skewers", and thats exactly what we got. 

Needless to say, we sent the chicken skewers back- on the account that they were entirely flavorless. I've never sent food back before, but this time I felt it was absolutely necessary. After sending back the food, we were STILL charged for the skewers & there was absolutely no manager presence AT ALL. Which is really shocking, considering we were the only table seated at the time. 

There isn't a real likelihood of me returning to MATCH, I think I'll just stick to Firefly, thanks!
I had high hopes for this establishment, upon reading many glowing reviews.

Unfortunately, this is some of the worst food I have ever tasted.

The Salt and Pepper Calamari - bland, hardly any "salt and pepper" and heinously overcooked.

Chicken Skewers - Evidently low quality chicken, fatty and chewy, no seasoning and a very foul flavor.

Dragon Balls - UGH. I was looking forward to these after hearing rave reviews about them... and I was disappointed. The balls were very dry and dense, and also underseasoned.

I was surprised after complaining to our sloppy-dressed waitress that our food (specifically the chicken) was awful, she did not make one attempt to offer a different dish, or remove an item from our bill.

I will not be back.
This restaurant offers Korean BBQ hot pot and Cosmopolitan tapas (e.g. small plates).  We decided on the latter and ordered potato croquettes (very crisp on the outside and soft inside - 4), dragon balls (deep fried spicy tuna with peppers and onion and eel sauce - 4 ) and noodle wrapped shrimp (2.5).  We next ordered pork belly with garlic and chef's sauce (too fatty - 1.5) and pineapple fried rice (bland - 2).  We also shared an order of green tea and strawberry mochi (almost uneatable Japanese ice cream - 0.5) Overall our experience was satisfactory, but I am not inclined to return.
We decided to try this place after a friend recommended it.  I was totally dead the night we went, it was a Monday and football was on.  There were only 2 other guys at the bar with us, no diners in the restaurant.  Service was great of course being the only ones there, and the servers were friendly.  They had free shots when a touchdown was scored.  We ordered some small plates, Jalapeno Puffs, Dragon Balls, Crab Wontons, which were all delicious. Then we ordered the $18 Large Plate, Steak Frities, VERY DISAPPOINTED.  One side of the steak was well done, and the other side was totally rare, inedible for us.  The fries weren't totally done either, some of them were still hard.  That was a total bummer, because we really liked everything else. We left it on the plate and ordered the Sorbet, u can't screw that up.  
All in all, I think it's a nice little place, nice atmosphere.  We'll probably go back, but it won't be a regular place to go.
This is the second time I have visited the restaurant.  The menu has definitely been pared down, but if asked what was removed, I couldn't tell you since nothing stood out that time, much like this time.

The restaurant is lovely and I like the mood lighting. The service was friendly and great. Too bad the food was only okay. I got the Lychee Martini to start. I was pleasantly surprised that it actually came with three rather large lychees, which are always a plus in my book.

Since I came with some friends, I was able to try out a bunch of different foods:

Oysters: I've had better, but I definitely liked how it was served on those Asian soup spoons. Makes eating them a lot easier

Kim-chi fried rice: I did not see, nor tasted, any kim chi. I was rather disappointed.

Noodle-wrapped shrimp: Awesome! It was crunchy and the sauce was yummy. If I come back, I'm definitely ordering this.

Vivaneau and hamachi kama: I honestly don't remember how these tasted. So that must say something.

Rib eye Korean BBQ: it was a little flavorless.  It's no Honey Pig or Sura BBQ, but neither was I expecting it to be.  It was a little pricey for the amount we got, but then again, I am used to the all-you-can-eat variety.

Roast duck: I was pleasantly surprised about how tasty it was. My friend did ask for some hoisin or plum sauce, but they don't serve it with nor did they have any. But I was happy without it. This was also a bit pricey for the amount of duck.

Overall, it's a decent restaurant. I love trying new things and was excited to see what fusion tapas are. Unfortunately, the food was only so-so, aside from the noodle-wrapped shrimp. But if you're in the area, and have a coupon (or similar), it may be worth trying.
We decided to check it out for 1$ Tapas night, what a great deal, especially when you want to try something new.
The place was nice and staff was friendly. Drinks were good. All the tapas we had were average, nothing spectacular, the price made it worth it.
The only true complaint I had was that we were a party of 2 starting out at the bar, about an hour later we moved to a table with 5 other friends, we asked the waitress to cash us out before we moved, to make the whole check at the end of the night easier...she said not to worry about it, she'd take care of it. My other friends reminded her at the table that the majority of us would need seperate checks...again she said it wouldn't be a problem. As the night of ordering a plethora of food and drink, we noticed she never wrote anything down and when the food/drink was delivered it was never presented to who had ordered it, we even commented on it and she laughed it off.  When we asked for our bill, she presented it to us, said apologized that she couldn't split it up and left. We sat there bitched about it, then took on the task of remembering what everyone ordered and tried to tally it up seperately.  (Not so easy after a few martinis) We also noticed she charged us all automatic gratuity for our party larger than 6...even though most of my bill was from at the bar, where it was only a party of 2!! I think she knew what she was doing when she wouldn't cash us out earlier in the night.                                                 
 We should've complained to management at that time but we all just wanted to leave.   My friend and I both wrote to Match on their website to complain about the night, it's been 2 weeks and still no response...I guess they don't care about return business. .
I guess the management does not understand...I totally get that when you have a large party, your automatically charged gratuity, I may even pay more if the service is good...but when your 2 people and the waitress scams you into paying it by saying "she'll take care of us" thats another thing, if she would've warned us at the beginning of the night that we couldn't have seperate checks we could've kept track of all each party had consumed.
I sincerely apologize to Match restaurant for not reviewing all your policies and proceedures before eating there...I guess the customer is always right is not one of them.
What to say... The food was not terrible, but it wasn't great either. Match is one of those restaurants that you might come back just for the hell of it, but there really is no good reason to... You know??? 

We tried the sliced beef, ribeyes, roast duck, dragonballs, deep fried jalapenos rolls, poke, seared tuna, red snapper, hong kong oysters, baked mussels and the steak with fries. Out of all those, I really only enjoyed the sliced beef and seared tuna. Everything else was either too much sauce, not enough taste or overcooked. 

They do have this one guitarist/singer, and he was pretty enjoyable. Other than that, I'd probably venture into Match in six months just because it is there and cautiously optimistic that it'd be better if I was hungrier...
My husband and I went to match tonight for their happy hour. We were misinformed by another iPhone app, which stated their happy hr was 5-7, $3 tapas, $5 speciality cocktails. This was not the case. Their happy hr was only $2 off speciality drinks.
Regardless of the happy hr mishap, I don't think we'll b rushing back there anytime soon. Their speciality dragon balls were tough in texture. Wouldn't suggest ordering them. The shrimp with angel phyllo dough was good and so was seared ribeye. However, the portions are very small. In fact, I'm still hungry! If you're in the mood for tapas, don't waste your time...go to Firefly!
Just okay, 3stars
Most things I have ordered here has been so yummy! Pineapple fried rice is soo good. Cool vibe, clean, good for dates or group of friends.  There are specials such as.. Mondays girls drink for $1! Tues $1 tapas! Other nights there is live music. Place is still pretty new so not many people have caught on. A little hard to see where it is but in front of the smiths, close to McDonald's is the most helpful.
Disgusting and soo unpleasant!  Was dragged here with my girlfriend after a couple of my friends raved about it.  I don't even know where to start.

Atmosphere: Inside kind of looks like a bar/lounge.  Outside is a patio.  We sat inside as it's so hot out.  Unfortunately, on Fridays and Saturdays it turns into a 'club'.  Although the only people there were about 5 or 6 at the bar and our table of 6, the DJ still played the loudest, most irritating techno music throughout the whole meal.  We couldn't even talk to each other.

Food: Almost inedible!  I've had delicious mediterranean food before.  The food here was terrible.  The bread was hard.  My girlfriend called it poor man's bread.  We split the stuffed peppers and some garlic fries with herbs.  The fries were ok had they not been drenched in oil.  The peppers were so gross.  They had such a nasty flavor and were stuffed with some kind of mystery meat/rice mix.  It was all covered with a terrible white sauce with a weird dill flavor.  Our friend had a feta cheese stuffed pepper and it also had that nasty white sauce.  We ordered the tres quesos  pizza for the table and it was too cheesy and way too salty.  I prefer chuck e cheese over this!  Another one of our friends got the cheese in a clay pot and I can't even understand how that was edible.  It was hard chunky cheese and eggs with some veggies in there.  So gross.  

At one point, I had to go to the bathroom because I thought I was going to throw up.  The loud music mixed with the disgusting tasting and smelling food just put me over the edge.  

We will NEVER go back again!
I don't like wobbly chairs and tables and that's what they have here. Menu doesn't explain well what stuff is and I came for tapas but tapas that I like not to try some new form of meat.  Waitress was real pushy to have me get things she liked and I said no and she said "I thought you came here to try something new" and I said "not at all I came here to get food that I know I like and want".
The food I ordered was pretty good but what a painful process to get it.
I may come back but not without trying other tapas in the area first.
I've been wanting to try this place for a couple months, so when I got an email from restaurant.com advertising a $25 coupon for $2 it seemed like the perfect time to finally check it out.  The bf and I went on Friday night around 8pm and when we arrived there were a couple people at the bar, and that was it. Eating in empty restaurants makes me pretty uncomfortable, but we are always looking for places with a little character (and not part of a chain) so we wanted to give it a shot. After we sat down, the girl that was behind the bar came and took our drink order and gave us menus. There was no actual drink menu, which seemed strange for a place that supposedly has all kinds of infused vodkas and intl beers. Anyway, a couple more people trickled in and it seemed like they were all regulars. The bartender/waitress came back and took our order, but didn't write anything down and after I rattled off a few things she asked if we just wanted to start with that. Um, ok, but it's tapas and I'm hungry! There were a couple other things we had already decided on, but whatever. She did mention the portions of some of the things we ordered were small, which I expected from tapas, so we definitely wanted to order more. It's a pet peeve of mine when waiters don't write down orders--I'm sure some people really have fantastic memories, but 98% of the time I've had a waiter not write down an order it's gotten messed up in some way. This time was no exception. We were brought 2 different things that we hadn't ordered and had to remind her a couple of times what we had actually ordered. For a while it seemed like the girl was the only person working and since some of the people that had arrived after us were sitting out on the patio, she was a little all over the place and clearly needed help. A bit later another girl showed up (and FINALLY refilled my water) and things were slightly smoother after that. They were both really nice so I hate to complain, but they were just not on top of it. 

On to the food....first, we ordered a manchego, piquillo pepper toast which was ok, an eggplant dish that really needed bread or something since it was basically a dip (they did bring us bread when we asked for it), shrimp in garlic and olive oil and a Spanish tortilla. Everything had a bit too much oil (except the tortilla) and felt like it was just missing something. It wasn't awful, but it wasn't great either. The tortilla was more like a frittata with potatoes than a traditional Spanish tortilla. We also ordered manchego on grilled toast (I looooove manchego cheese) and a pepper stuffed with feta--I think it was called burek on the menu. I didn't realize it was going to be battered and deep fried, so it wasn't exactly what I was expecting. The breading was a bit thick for my taste, but the melty feta inside was good. I wasn't really sure what to make of the creamy dill sauce it came with. It looked like it was going to be tzatziki, but it most certainly wasn't. Oh well. 

Since we had the certificate from restaurant.com our total bill (food, 2 beers and 1 cocktail) came to right about $30. That also included 18% gratuity (calculated on pre-discounted check per the certificate) so it was pretty reasonable. However, it bums me out when I use a certificate that requires gratuity to be automatically added and I receive shitty service. I think if we hadn't used a certificate and paid $55 for our meal I would've been more unsatisfied. I really want to give 2.5 stars, but I'll bump it up because I think this place has potential and I want them to succeed. I would try it again...but maybe just to have a couple drinks and a snack instead of a full dinner.
Upon entering Forte on my initial visit, my first thought was that it was very European. This wasn't just because it was dead at lunch, as most restaurants in Europe are, but also because of the eccentric decor, dark lounge-like feel, off-the-beaten-path location, and genuine hospitality. That, and the fully stocked bar featuring very cheap glasses of delicious European wines (this I would find out later).

I've over-ordered Forte at twice now, and though I can't say everything on the small plates menu is a winner, I can say I will keep coming back due to the aforementioned charming qualities and a few unique, inexpensive food highlights.

The menu is broken down by European country (mostly Eastern) and their corresponding regional specialties. Under Russia, you won't find any caviar or borscht, but you will find adjarkski kachapurri, which goes down the hatch more easily than it rolls off the tongue ($6.99). This consists of a freshly baked bread loaf akin to a short, fat French baquette, that is hollowed in the center and stuffed with cheese, butter, and a raw egg. If I lost you at 'raw egg' then let me elaborate. The egg is mixed in table-side and is cooked by the heat of the bread, turning the dish into a protein-filled vegetarian friendly dish that will change your mind about Russian food. The flavor of the crusty bread combined with the egg and cheese reminded me of a quiche, yet this was unlike anything I've ever had. Extra (yet unnecessary) points for that!

The section from Spain features a variety of chorizo sausages, amongst other items. We had the chistora and bilbao (each $2.50) which were fantastically charred and of fantastic value. These rivaled the Polish links at Costco as far as sausage bargains go, and were much better in my opinion.

One note selections included the chicken skewers ($3.25 each), sauteed shrimp ($6.50), and the Bulgarian shopski served in an adorable clay pot ($6.99). Though there are a few minor flops, the thing I love most about this place is that you can try a lot of different foods you've probably never heard of, and, if you don't like them, you haven't spent enough to regret having given them a whirl.

Coming back to the wine, I ordered a glass of Spanish Cosechero Blanco, which I was told cannot be found anywhere else in Vegas. Guess how much? $4.50!! The owner of the restaurant, who was our waitress on my second visit, and a gem in and of herself, offered to sell me a bottle at wholesale cost when I mentioned I liked it. So, I got a bottle for later that cost me just $8.20. That pretty much sealed the deal for me!

This is a place you have to be experimental and open-minded to go to, but if you appreciate other cultures and want to join me on my mission to support the mom and pops in Vegas, then you'll have no trouble mustering the strength to go to Forte.
Forte has an incredibly extensive menu that ranges from Spanish tapas to Russian and Bulgarian specialties, but I'll get to the food later because the MOST UNIQUE part of this restaurant are the numerous house Infused Vodkas:

 The "Garden Vodka" when used as a substitute for every ingredient in your Dirty Martini excluding dry vermouth, creates an Exceptionally tasty yet one of a kind Cocktail. And I'm not afraid to admit that I am definitely a cocktail snob ;D

There is raspberry infused vodka, potato infused vodka, various Grappas... The list goes on- you need to check this place out if only to discover the rest. In addition they have Banana Sambuca, and while it isn't infused in house it's definitely going to be a pleaser for adventurous types. The bar is very well stocked from recongnizable alchohol to imported beers and wine, and especially imported vodkas; So don't be afraid to get obscure, like small village in the Ukraine obscure.

Service- One thing I couldn't understand are the bad reviews preceding mine! You cannot come here expecting your service to be like The Olive Garden or some other heinous food chain. Forte is definitely an intimate atmosphere if you go early or on a weeknight. Thursday night is quietest. Because like most Eastern European bars/ casual restaurants they like to get a little rowdy with music! It's apart of the culture. They are having Jazz on Mondays though FYI. Service is personable and casual, and perfect for what it is.

The food is incredibly fresh and delicious. The egg boat had a name I won't even try to pronounce (see pictures), and is a dish I've never come across before. So happy I did! My favorites were the almond stuffed dates (Rich and Delightful) and the Feta Burek with its flaky delicate crust and creamy center- Mmmm. For dessert we had the biscuit cake which reminded us of Tiramisu at first glance, but had this incredibly soft texture and taste that did not resemble Tiramisu, and it was a sumptuous finish to a quite filling dinner. They have flavored cappuccinos as well! 

If I had to sum up this place in a sentence it would be:
Don't miss out!!
Russian and Bulgarian foods and if that is not enough some Spanish Tapas. This place is as good as it is diverse. The food is delicious and they have a great selection of affordable wines to go with the meal. I highly recommend the Spanish Chorizo Plate. Delicious. The salads were great and the Pita bread that comes with the meal is great. Just go easy because you will need your appetite for this meal. Share some plates and enjoy.
I had high hopes for this place based on the local press it has been getting.

Kind of funky interior, and definitely has a European feel to it

I spent some time with the menu and was a bit overwhelmed by all the dishes available

Finally ordered a few things, and while sitting at the bar ( keep in mind this is a non-gaming establishment )    I notice someone to my far left smoking and then after speaking with the waitress / bartender another guest starts smoking 2 seats down from me on the left.     I overhear the waitress / bartender say something to the effect of "Smoking is ok at the bar"

No actually its not OK,   you can't just make up you're own smoking policy.    Its disgusting and I refuse to eat anywhere that smoking is permitted - legally or otherwise

Before my food arrived I left

I will not be returning under any circumstances
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!  

Forte has an awesome euro-vibe: hip and so authentic.  My husband and I go about once per week and we haven't even come close to trying everything on the menu.  Some of our favorites...patatas bravas, tuna-stuffed tomato with hard-boiled egg, sofiiska baniza (feta-stuffed pastry), queso manchego canapes, stuffed peppers, stuffed cabbage...  Actually, I could just go on and on...oh the lattes, too - fabulous!

Elizabeth M. really captured the spirit of Forte in her review so I won't repeat, but I agree with everything she's written.  And after reading Adam's review, I am thrilled that he won't be at Forte when I go tonight!!

I am so glad we discovered Forte.  It is our favorite place BY FAR to just go hang out and casually enjoy a delicious meal.
I've been to Forte three times now and have not had a bad experience.  Here's the deal though, going to Forte is a different cultural experience and is not going to be comfortable for people who are expecting an Americanized Eastern European restaurant.

What I like about this place is the great, very European vibe it has - pulled together, comfortable, eclectic, loungy.  This place is very versatile with an ample porch, a great bar (I will say the bar stools are not great.) and a dining room with a variety of tables.  The walls are covered with a variety of odd and, lets say, eclectic art that would make any hipster coffee shop proud.

I find the staff pleasant and helpful and always willing to give you a recommendation from a menu that is unfamiliar to most.

The food is very comfortable and, to my taste, good.  Things Americans will perhaps know include Beef Stroganoff, Kebabs, and Hungarian Goulash.  Things less familiar will be Plov, a dish of rice cooked with meat and carrots, and Katchapourri, a bread bowl with cheese and an egg.  

The thing that gives this place the 4 stars, along with the atmosphere, is the bar.  On tap, they have Pilsner Urquell, Stella Artois, Sam Adams Seasonal, and Blue Moon for beers and a variety of Russian and others in bottle.  The bar is extensive and all is quality - I don't think I've seen a mid-range bar without plastic-bottled well liquors or even lower-end standards, such as Jim Beam and Wild Turkey.  Also, at Forte, they macerate a variety of fruits in vodka and brandy, and they are great!  I particularly like the Sour Cherry Vodka and the Gypsy Concentrate.

One final note is the pricing, which is great!  My last bill included two appetizers and two entrees, a draft, two double Knob Creeks, and four Sour Cherry Vodkas (full rocks glasses with ice) for a total with tip of $55.  As much as I love Herbs and Rye and Nora's, the same bill would have been doubled.

So, if you're interested in a really good, pretty authentic Eastern European bar/lounge/coffee shop/dining experience, go to Forte.
We decided to have a late night appetizer so we decided to stop into this establishment.  Upon entry we were welcomed by a sweet hostess and friendly waiter.  They have a great variety of dishes to choose from, but we selected a few.  We tried: 

MIxed Tapas Plate
Pitcher of Sangria
Stuffed Grape Leaves
Chicken Shich Kabob
and for dessert...
Tiramisu with Baileys coffee easy whip ;)

I thought the Mixed Tapas plate was mediocre and not as exciting as the establishment's environment.  The tasty kabobs, flavorful grape leaves and striking sangria definitely made up for it.  I would go back to try other items on the menu, but would definitely order the sangria and grape leaves again!
I really can't say there wasn't a thing I tried that I didn't like. We had a group so we were able to sample alot of dishes.
Cute small restaurant with bar area and outside seating, interesting artwork on the wall, and mismatched chairs adds to the charm.
Staff was helpful, the place was pretty empty so we got good attention.
Alot of us started with a Rose nectar juice vodka, it was light, and strong. We all sucked those down. A few others got sangria or wine.

We got complimentary bread with oil and vinegar, the bread was great, airy and chewy, crisp on the outside.
A  vegetarian friend got the Shopska Salad and she loved it, it was smothered in feta!
We got the Mixed Charcuterie Plate, which was different salami, pepperonis and such. Not worth the price.
The Marcona Almond Stuffed Dates, Wrapped In Bacon were Yummy with a capital Y!
We tried the Adjarski Khachapurri upon recommendations of a fellow Yelper, The bread was hot, it magically cooked the raw egg before our eyes. Delicious!
Beef Stroganoff over rice, I'm used to it with noodles but this version was okay, maybe a bit salty, but good.
Pelmeni, beef dumpling, it was okay, the meat was very peppery, which turned me off, very doughy but done nicely.
Blini W/Meat was good, a bit on the plain side.
Vareniki with Potato, reminded me of a pierogi, which I grew up on, very good rendition.
We dared to try the Stuffed Squid In Its Own Ink, it was good, tender, had a salty briney taste, I was pleasantly suprised.
The owner was nice enough to throw in complimentary pastries at the end. They were light twisted puff pastries with red jelly inside sprinkled with powdered sugar. Thank You! They were perfect.

I'd love to go back and try something else, most of what I sampled I grew up eating(except the squid), so I felt right at home.
Be warned - their online menu is not accurate and probably half of those things are not available anymore.  This was really disappointing to me.

I was part of April's party and she clearly paid more attention than I did so I'll just add my 2 cents.  We tried this place based on a recommendation from my Russian realtor.  

I tried the stroganoff and it was ok - not the best I've ever had but it wasn't bad.  Oh - and the rose nectar vodka - that stuff was good but man it packed a punch.  

I tried some sort of dumpling thing (what April mentioned, I think) and it was *really* good.  I wish I had ordered one of those just for me.  I tried the bread side dish (the description was similar to bruschetta) but it was boring and overpriced.  

That dessert plate the waitress brought with the pastries was excellent.  Those alone are reason to go back.  

The decor is weird - it looks like a bunch of tables taken from peoples dining rooms.  And the artwork is really weird too.

Overall I liked this place.  Its laid back and has current music playing in the background.  If you're looking for upscale this is not the place to go.  If you're looking to hang out and have some good food its worth a try.
WOW! what a fantastic night with friends spent exploring the foreign tastes of eastern Europe. A typical Russian feast, first satisfy your thirst, three rounds of Gypsy juice (house infused vodka w/ secret ingredients) and 16oz bottles of Bulgarian lager did just the trick. We ordered practically the entire menu, so I will inform you of only the most cherished dishes from the evening. Selyodka (salty fish with mash and a pickle), Squid in its own ink over rice, Bilini (crepe stuffed with meat), Pelmeni (meat dumplings best with sour cream). Needless to say it was a party, the only downside to Bar Forte is that you can smoke inside. I really cant stand smelling smoke when I eat, but if you get drunk enough you wont even notice.
Another tip from the safety girl.  You need to walk through the patio to get into this place.  The patio is too crowded with tables and umbrellas and you will need to step over the base of a very large umbrella to get across the patio and into the restaurant.  Be careful not to trip!

Ok, now that we have our safety tip out of the way, onto the restaurant.  There's a small bar towards the back with old school video poker machines along the wall.  Not at the bar.  It's more like the video poker set up you would see in a grocery store.  Lots of smokers in this area.  Interesting music videos on the TV screens.  Don't expect sports here.

We came on a Friday night and there was one waitress so service was pretty slow.

We tried the mixed tapas plate, which was just olives, garlic cloves, cheese, salumi, and bread.  Nothing exciting.

The Thracian with Lukanka was to die for.  Sausage, feta cheese, vegetables all cooked in a clay pot.  We had to ask for more bread to go with it and it took a while, but once we could dig in it was pretty good!

The blini with meat was also pretty good.  It's a thin crepe with ground beef served with sour cream.  Simple but good.  

The portion sizes are big enough to share but small enough so you can try multiple dishes.  

I liked most of the dishes but it took forever to eat here and I'm not grasping the ambience.  Maybe I am not European enough but, then again, I'm pretty sure grocery store video poker machines are not European. Still, looking forward to giving it another try.
I was somewhat surprised to discover on entering that the interior was Spartan and more reminiscent of a biker bar than a fine dining establishment. Our waitress turned out to be very informative and helped guide us through the menu.  We ordered Adjarski Khachapurri, Selska Ljutika, kiufte (sausage), Hungarian Goulash and a biscuit cake.  

For those who have not been to Bulgaria or Russia recently, Adjarski Khachapurri is a boat shaped loaf of bread served directly from the oven with cheese and a cracked egg that are cooked and mixed together tableside.  The Selska ljutika is a refreshing salad of tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and peppers tossed in olive oil.  The Hungarian goulash over mashed potatoes was excellent, but took second place to the biscuit cake which is described in the menu as a liqueur dipped honey tea biscuit layered with creamy mascarpone, decadent espresso and chocolate

The rating is closer to 3.5 than 4.
what a cool place. food is amazing, really delicious!! house infused vodkas.. what can i say? the best vodka I've ever tried, and I'm Russian, I do know whats good :)) Anyways, i live in LA, but everytime I'm in Vegas, this is the place where I meet with all my friends! Love this Bar/Restaurant!!
Forte is called "Forte" because that's exactly what their food is filled with - strength. They're a strong restaurant. To hold their fort down, outside of the restaurant are heavy-duty patio furnishings and a green metal gate with two different entrances. Just hop right in whichever side, left or right, and open the darkly tinted door. 

A server, Robert, greeted us and told us to choose a seat anywhere. There were candles to light the dining room. There was one other group that we saw and they were chatting in Russian. 

Apparently, the dining room is split in half and there are other dining tables further back and to the left side of the restaurant because the server went back there several times with food and drink.

I highly recommend trying the Selyodka, Adjarski Khachapurri, Thracian Cheese Clay Pot, and their Pelmeni Dumplings.

Selyodka: definitely fish and potatoes done right with some olive oil, dill and great pairing of flavors that really wow you

Adjarski Khachapurri: Refer to Frank W.'s review for a description. It's a great description. This one was delicious and the bread just sensational

Thracian Cheese Clay Pot: brimming with seasoning, but not overwhelming. So delicious

Pelmeni Dumplings: European jiaozi... mmm...

Very European vibe... food was excellent. I will definitely be back again!
Went here for a quick lunch a few weeks ago.  Food was very good, cool atmosphere.  It was my first time in a tapas restaurant and I'm eager to check out some of the others around town.  I'd go back to Forte anytime.
Utterly delicious. Had the chorizo con vino, almond stuffed dates,  herring and potatoes, jamon Serrano y Quezo, a few of the different dumplings, stuffed squid in its ink, stuffed grape leaves, these had a dill yogurt that I finished with the hot crusty bread, mixed spanish olives, and finished with a deliciously flaky baklava. Great place to hang out with friends and enjoy the food. Try the infused vodkas in the strange jars. Try the gypsy juice!

A bit divey but very cool
I love this place! The inside decor is so fun. And we decided to be adventurous and explore the Bulgarian food. We were intrigued and delighted with the various dishes we ordered.
The owner also has an Eastern European charcuterie and the meats and sausages were obviously high quality and worth exploring.
re: complaints of smoking, yes, there was a table of women chain smoking. They were far enough away to not bother us and my BF is very smoke sensitive. Not sure why they are allowing smoking when it's now illegal in restaurants.

You can tell the owners put their hearts into this restaurant.
Really cool little European infused restaurant and bar. A rare gem in LV. Decor is so fun, gypsy juice is delicious, and a great environment for small and large parties alike.
After reading about this fun new tapas place I convinced my finicky French fianc to try it out, it took a lot of persuasion, but finding a new place that is open until 3 would be perfect for me and my friends because we work so late. Well this isn't the place to go because at 12:30 on a Saturday the week Forte was reviewed and recommended in seven magazine, they were closed. No sign, no notice just a waitress behind locked doors trying her best to ignore us. So we went to a chain restaurant, one that we knew would honor their hours. Boo on you Forte boo on you.
I have been going here since it has been open.  I love the atmosphere here and the food is very good and authentic.  My fiance is from Russia and agrees the food is very good.  It is nice to see many Eastern Europeans here at the place.  A big plus is they put on UFC fights for free!!!!  Nina the owner is very nice and awesome.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone who desires a small, great Eastern European place.
The place gets 1 star for several reasons, most of all for trying to serve crap under the guise of freshly prepared tapas. One such example is their so called spanish tuna which they get from the can and afterwards add some sliced tomatoes and serve it to customers. I come from a cultural background where many of those eastern European dishes are common in our household so I know what those things ought to taste like, I cant say they were terrible but it was definitely not worth the price. Also having gone to Barcelona myself their so called jamon iberico was just another sliced up pork and nothing like the iberico from Spain. The squid stuffed with its ink came semi warm and had a nasty fish taste to it rather than what they make you believe. a combination of bad food, bad service, trying to make you believe that their food is something it's not (dishonesty) gets this place the 1 star review. It's no wonder that we were the one of two tables occupied in the whole place. Stick with firefly and your will be a lot more happier.
Checked this place out after seeing it on DDD on Food TV. It's legit. Excellent food. Friendly homey atmosphere with cool art and lively music. The Thracian Clay pot was awesome!  The sausages were as good as they looked on TV.
Horrible service and experience. After being ignored for thirty minutes I had to tackle down a waitress. This waitress (short blonde hair) didn't write down our order therefore they  would walk table to table with plates of food asking if it was our order. 30 minutes later we finally got out clay pot and it tasted gross as if it sat out for 2 days. We asked for our bill since the other half of our order wasn't ready. So we left and went to Bachi Burger.
1) just go!
On the whole, this restaurant does give a new patron a great slice of  European cuisine and it is worth noting that if you've never been here before that you should try it out because most of the food as it is now is delicious, but having been here in the past and knowing what these foods really were has really soured my experience.

It's been a long time since I had been back to this place since its first inception. Back then this place was one of the only occupied storefronts in a dead strip mall. This place had a menu that was meat and cheese heavy and showcased a wide assortment of Eastern Bloc varieties.

The appeal of this place in addition to the great food was the tell tale sign of a great hole in the wall joint: Authentic European food, sketchy European groups of men and women engaging in non-English conversation and a woman running the show who knew what was good and made sure you ate it.

The most notable things were:

Shopska salad
-It has the creamiest Bulgarian feta cheese. Don't mistake this feta for Greek feta. This is incredible.

Cevape
-Homemade fat finger sized sausages served with lepina, a type of yeasty flatbread.

Artisian Charcuterie Plate/Cheese Plate
-These 2 are definite musts for light eating and drinks

Leskovacka pljeskavica
-similar to the cevape in flavor but served like an over sized burger

There were also a few kabob-like meats and a few other sausages similar to the cevape that were so delicious.

So why the poor rating? Mostly due to the fact that what I described is what I was hoping to find on this most recent visit today.

Our waiter informed us that he was brand new and didn't know much of the menu or the wine selection. He also pointed out on each trip back to our table that nobody was assisting him as he was learning. I'll point out here that for whatever reason he was not our waiter by the end of our meal.

We got the Beef Stroganoff Ragu, Thracian Clay Pot, Chicken Soup, Chebureki, Bacon wrapped dates and the Beef and Lamb Confit. We were really interested in the Thracian Clay Pot as it was recently featured on a Food Network show.

The Stroganoff was ladled over wild mushroom plemeni, a kind of Russian tortellini. This stroganoff had a lot of creamy goodness but was completely lacking the meat.

I'll get to the Thracian Clay Pot shortly. The Chicken Soup was desired by my kids ages 8 and 6, as well as the bacon wrapped dates. The chicken soup was quite chunky with big chicken flavor. The first round of dates looked like they spent about 1 minute too long in the pan where one side was cooked good the other burnt. We were informed that the cook likes to cook it that way to which our reply was, "Please give us unburned bacon wrapped dates." They were very good about getting this order back after the rest of our items had come out.

The Chebureki was akin to a samosa where it is a flattened dough item filled with something and deep fried in this case, a delicious meat filling and topped with some dill and chopped scallions. Fairly standard in flavor and not served with any type of dipping sauce.

The Beef and Lamb Confit was tender and tasty served atop a small scoop of a dill and scallion rice. While this was tasty it was not a distinct one. My son said, "Is this corned beef?" And you know what? He was right. It did taste a lot like the type of corned beef I'd find in a chunky hash at Hash House a go-go. But that's for another review.

So now back to the Thracian Clay Pot. It would seem that during the shuffling of waiters for our table, either our waiter put in this order incorrectly or it was given to another table because we didn't get it during the course of them bringing the rest of our order. When we questioned why the long wait, we were told that it takes a while. We didn't get it after an hour after initially ordering and 30 minutes after reordering it. So I can't tell you how melty and delicious it looked and how it would taste, but the table next to us seemed to really enjoy it.

I'm not a vodka drinker so please read the other ratings for their extensive vodka menu.

This still doesn't really warrant the low rating based on the food. Where it really lacked was the overall experience now versus where it was. This place used to have people who knew the food, wasn't afraid to give locals some food they couldn't pronounce and keep true to themselves. Now, there are waitstaff that don't know the product and don't make you feel excited about their food.

If your looking for something new in Vegas and haven't been, your experience will most likely be 4-5 stars. It is not something that you will find anywhere else and that makes it unique. You will not have the displeasure of seeing a restaurant jump the shark.
5 Stars on Food. -- come here when its empty for a great meal.
2 Stars on Service -- if its crowded, or a line in front of you, walk away and come back another day.

Being of Eastern European descent, I'll try anyplace that serves borscht, sausage and pirogi, no matter what their language calls it.  We saw Forte on DDD and their Thracian Pot and Mixed Grill platters were a calling to enjoy.

Ate here on a Saturday night.  Their website suggests reservations which, if you want service, I'd recommend.  There were seven of us and we each ordered different plates, all cooked so well.  Everything was perfectly seasoned.  I think Forte put "Tapas" in their name because this place serves your food like its in Europe, which means that your food comes to the table as its prepared -- its not like in the US where every order comes at the same time.  We had some main dishes before appetizers but most all of it came out promptly and we were all allowed to share each others plates.

The Borscht was basic and tasty.  Like at a food court in Moscow.
The dolmas were great -- it reminded me that we haven't made any since our grape leaf sister-in-law ripped out her plant.
The lamb and beef confit were great.
Ask for a carafe of water at the table because service is slow when it gets crowded.
Feta fries were excellent.  Made us think of the last place that we loved feta fries and we still can't remember its name.
The Thracian Pot was excellent
The pirogies, although they're called something else in Cyrillic, were great.
The stuffed meat deep fried turnovers were okay -- could use some more meat in them.  The meat was seasoned and tasty, just could use a little more meat.
The Beef Stroganoff was very very good.  Its something I'll try to recreate at home.  Their sauce was so intense in flavor.  I'll get this again.

I can't think of anything that we didn't enjoy eating.  Unfortunately, they have some problems -- it appears no one want to be a server.  We watched as table after table of people would just get up and walk away -- leave.  They would be seated, and after about 15 minutes of not being waited on, just leave.  All the while, 3 people are behind the bar just hanging out, pouring some drinks but hanging out.  Maybe the waitress's called in sick that day, but I counted about 16 people get up and leave.  That's money walking and never coming back.  I also saw the people next to us sit for a good 30 minutes before being waited on, and then 10 minutes later for some bread, a draft beer and a soda.   Its quite sad because the food is great, but the staff is scaring away the income.
By the way, after everybody in our party of 7 were fed and full, I was still waiting for my mixed grill.  It was about the time where I was deciding whether to just stop by a fast-food on the way home or put out the wait that our server asked if we wanted anything else.  I told her I hadn't had my plate yet.  Another 15 minutes later, it came.  Great plate - 3 kinds of sausage, some cold white bean salad that's not slimy or vinegary, and a red pepper/tomato whip -- I forget the name.  The sausages are all great to try as each has their own flavor and texture.  I was glad I waited.    Next time I'm here, I'm going for the Stroganoff, probably the Borscht again, and perhaps something else.  If I don't have a waitress next time, I'm just ordering at the bar like in Europe.  maybe that's the gig.
Yes, I saw this on DDD.  Yes, I'm slightly embarrassed about that.  However, I'm more ashamed of the fact that this place is walking distance from my house, and it took my tragic Food Network addiction to draw my attention to it!

First things first...this place is pretty small.  There aren't a lot of tables, and the bar takes up much of the main entrance.  There is outdoor seating, but given that this is summertime in Vegas, and the restaurant faces westward, it's way too hot to sit out in the evening.  

Second thing - if you, like me, are vertically challenged, I highly recommend getting a seat in the restaurant area.  My group had a table in the bar area at first, and the chair was so high I actually had trouble getting on and off.  Comfy once I was up there though!

Service wise...this place was fine.  Our waitress was nice enough, but it didn't seem like she got our group's sense of humor.  She was efficient, but not overly friendly.  It was pretty busy, but we got everything we ordered in a reasonable turnaround time, so I had no issues with service.

The drinks were awesome.  I had the gypsytini to start the night, and although it's a "house secret" blend that my waitress couldn't describe, what I ended up with was a vodka martini that was lightly tart and fruity.  Very refreshing and tasty.  Another friend had the Ginger Lemonade cocktail, and the addition of fresh herbs like rosemary gave it a wonderful flavor.

We ordered a pretty decent array of food for our group.  It's hard to mess up almond-stuffed bacon-wrapped dates, so those were a fab way to start the night.  I ordered the varenikis, and I was a big fan of the fried onion topping.  The dumplings themselves were slightly cold, but it seemed like that had more to do with the sour cream juice (sorry for the lack of a more appetizing descriptor) cooling them down on the plate.  My buddy who hates onions actually loved the onions on this dish.

I grew up with a mom and grandmother who made goulash on a regular basis, and Forte's version was almost on par with my preferred version.  The chorizo we ordered was pleasantly smoky, but not as spicy as I would have liked.

One of my less adventurous friends actually ordered the adjarski khachapurri, which is finished table side by the server, who breaks the egg yolk and stirs it around to made a sort of custard spread for the bread boat.  Although he wasn't sure about it at first bite, by the time we looked up we had eaten the whole thing!  It was addictive and delicious, so definitely try it out.

All told we had six people, five of us with at least a couple drinks, and we ended up with a total bill of about $100 including food.  Not a bad price, and we'll definitely hit up this hole-in-the-wall next time we want something a little off the beaten path.
I wish I could give a higher review but my dinning experience just was not very good. I love this kind of food but the entire experience was way off. The chicken soup was tasteless, the chorizo was not very spicy and the sauce was like warmed red wine. None of the hot dishes ordered were hot, and several were way salty. The staff were like zombies, they were nice but going through the motions. It really felt like we picked an off night. I will try again as I always like to give a place a fair chance but I will not run back. Oh quick note ... I am not a big sangria fan but they served a vey tasty Sangria and a very tasty mojito.
I learned about this place from Desert Companion (KNPR's magazine). Tried it out with the bf on a Thursday night (around 9pm) and we're still talking about it. 

Ordered:
Gambas al Ajillo (shrimp with garlic, wine, olive oil)
Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta (marinate baby squid in ink over rice)
Beef and Lamb Confit
Vareniki (potato + onion dumplings)
Adjarski Khachapurri (soft bread boat filled with cheese + egg)
Tolumba (fried dough bathed in honey)
Ginger Lemonade (like a gingery mojito with a hint of rosemary)

All the dishes were standard tapas portions (except that bread boat) and completely delicious. I'm lactose intolerant and not a big fan of meat. Despite that, there were still plenty of items for me, plus some mighty tasty drinks. I couldn't eat the Adjarski Khachapurri because of the cheese, but judging from the single crumb left by my bf, it was pretty good.

We sat outside at roomy, slightly wobbly tables. Ice water was brought without us asking, service was consistently good, as are prices. The only downer was the cigarette ash that was left on our table when the hostess took the ashtray away. Nobody came to clean it off so we shifted to the next table.

We'll definitely be back to try everything that we didn't get around to trying the first time.
I really wanted to like Forte more than I did. I went in optimistic and came out kind of disappointed. 

Part of it was just bad luck. My wife ordered a diet coke and got light brown water because the fountain was down and the server hadn't noticed. She instead ordered a mango juice only to find that they were out. So she had a peach juice instead, which was good but tasted a little bit too much like canned peaches for my tastes. I ordered a mojito. It was plenty strong, but the bartender didn't use enough sugar and the mint was pretty obviously on its way out. I also don't think it got much of a muddle, if any.

The first thing they bring out foodwise is their house-made bread, which was nice and flavorful, especially dipped in the olive oil which is fruity and fragrant. There is a little wooden boat with herbs for the oil, only we weren't provided a spoon so it was difficult to use it. Not a big deal. We managed.

We ordered the pelmeni, vareniki, serrano and manchego, and garlic herb fries. The fries were tasty and they brought plenty of them, so if you're looking for filler it's a good bet. The garlic could have been a little stronger, but I'm kind of a garlic fiend so take that with a grain of salt. The pelmeni were juicy and delicious and the dumpling wrappers had bite and weren't waterlogged. The manchego and serrano was good, but I would have appreciated the ham being cut into pieces so we didn't have to hack the thing up every time we wanted some. It came with some alcaparrones (caperberries) that added some vinegar contrast to what is otherwise a fatty/salty dish.

The vareniki themselves were tasty, but the fried onions that came on top weren't fried - they were burnt. Instead of deliciously caramelized onions, I got black chunks of carbon with some residual onion flavor. Since the vareniki have a delicate flavor on their own, it overpowered the dumplings and killed the dish.

One other thing: the seating is mostly low cafe tables, so you end up kind of hunching over to get at your food. I think we'd have enjoyed it more sitting at one of the tall bar tables or even at the bar itself.

We're going to give the place another shot, because I don't think anyone should rule out a restaurant based on one experience, but this one wasn't entirely positive.
Absolutely amazing food! I am always the one to try something different and this was a great pick. 

Servers were wonderful, fast and attentive.

Food was amazing! We ordered Olive sampler, Borsht, Hungarian Goulash, Stuffed Peppers and the Thracian Clay Pot. EVERYTHING was superbly prepared. I will definitely be going back.
Very comforting yet different foods.  I went with a friend and had a daily special.  Egg, meat and potatoes were baked and paired with tomatoes in oil.  I had the Uzbekistan rice as well.  My friend got the grilled meats.  Everything tasted fantastic.  The meats were cooked perfectly, not dry like other places.  My dish was very homey.  I also loved the atmosphere, just as the chalkboard wall with Guy Fieri's signature.  Very cool place.
Not bad.  Quite interesting as they aren't the usual tapas.  Some very unique european influences.  I say it is good but with the other amazing tapas restos in the valley (maybe just cause i've had sangria at all the others and stayed dry here).  Worth checking out and the vibe is fun, but really could get better flavors for my personal pallette at elements, firefly, or barcelona.  Still you might find a unique favorite on their menu if u are willing to try!
My husband and I went to Forte because my parents saw it on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and my dad literally pestered me for MONTHS about eating there.

We ordered sangria, some beef dumpling thingy (pelmeni), the bread with cheese and egg in the middle, the thracian clay pot and stuffed dates. The pelmeni and cheesy-bread thing were kind of bland. The clay pot was flavorful, with yummy sausage, and I think I would get it again. The stuffed dates were the only food we ordered from the Spanish tapas side of the menu and they were good but almost overpoweringly sweet (Firefly's are better!).

Service was ok; sometimes it was hard to flag someone down when we needed something. My husband greatly enjoyed the propaganda posters in the bathroom.
Saw this place on DDD on food channel while ago and finally had a chance to go there. Food was really really good! We tried octopus, bacon wrapped dates, boat shaped bread with picketed (not sour)cheese, and deep fried meat dumplings. We specially loved bacon wrapped dates (i don't even like dates!)and boat shaped bread ( ahhhhh, with that runny egg york makes it even tastier! ). Service was very attentive and friendly. Only if we didn't plan big dinner that night, we would have ordered a lot more food to try. I will go back there.
While searching on Yelp* for our weekly "food adventure" with my girlfriend, we came across Forte mainly because the Spain/Bulgaria description intrigued us!  

Located in a strip mall, Forte Tapas R & B has an unassuming exterior but boasts a mixture of Spanish/Eastern European kitsch that's not offensive to the eyes.  It offers indoor and outdoor seating but during our visit we opted for indoor to take in the ambiance of the decor.  (We would've sat outside  but during our visit, there was a food truck gathering that was blaring out really bad hip hop music.  That and the temperature was a million degrees that August 25th evening!)

We were seated promptly and our waitress take our drink order.  My girlfriend and I shared the Bulgarian beer called "Zagorka", which was  light and clean tasting with no lingering aftertaste.

We order the standard Almond Stuffed Dates, which was tasty.  Unless you are incompetent, you really can't screw up this easy dish!  My girlfriend orders the Lentil Soup, which she found to be very flavorful and earthy as lentils are by nature.  She also orders the Beef Stroganoff Ragu to round out her meal, which was very light and not overly cloying and rich as cream based meals tend to be.  

I ordered the Stuffed Baby Squid in Ink over Spanish Herbed Rice (Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta) for myself.  After watching "Bizzare Foods" I was always on the hunt for a restaurant that served mollusks marinated in its own ink.  All I can say is, "Wow!"  Do yourselves a favor, gentle readers and try this dish!  You may thank me later!  I also order the Chorizo simmered in Red Wine (Chorizo con Vino), which was good but left a somewhat oily aftertaste.  

Service was very attentive and knowledgeable when asked about the menu and establishment.  Our water glasses were never empty and the wait staff were quick and prompt and also took the time to chat with us, asking us how we liked the food.

I highly recommend this restaurant, especially when our bill came out to less than $55, minus the tip.  This place is a great alternative to FireFly if one finds that venue to be too crowded and loud.
I do not claim to be an expert on Eastern European Food or anything close.  We tried several items including all the ones that the menu recommended with their little icon.  In the end they were all edible...filled our stomachs...provided for some nice conversation pieces...but didn't leave anyone in our group wanting to run back anytime soon.

I would have shelled out 2 stars on the food alone.  The thing is though that even though Forte is trying a little too hard to be cool and inviting, they are doing a better job with their atmosphere than a lot of places around.

The drinks from the bar are A-OK as well.  I went a little safe with a Moscow Mule and I could enjoy one or two again sometime if I ever found myself here again.
You may consider me an expert. I can kill a person for a bowl of good borsht. I know that there are numerous variations of the recipe. The most disgusting version I had at Forte. Please never order it there. The person who prepared it should go straight to culinary hell. 

Borsht is not a bowl of roughly chopped crunchy vegetables lacking any taste or  flavour including salt. 

My second choice was Hungarian Goulash. Although I am not an expert on this I am capable to figure out that this dish should be not what I got: old starchy mashed potatoes covered with the sauce way too spicy for a goulash (think Indian or Thai level) with 5 tiny pieces of meat. 

I guess the waitress may have known that she is serving food not suitable for human consumption and therefore has never asked how was it. 

I am glad I didn't invite my friends to experience Easter European food at this place. I would be really embarrassed.
located in a strip mall this small funky place has some interesting food. Well made, fresh ingredients make Forte a place we will certainly go back to. Live music, great people make it even better!
Atmosphere, service, and taste add up to an experience that makes for a full dining experience. 

I was initially overwhelmed when I walked through the door. The space is plastered with posters of music artist, propaganda pieces, and a hodge podge of colorful artwork. The dimly lit room tames everything down, but also makes it look like a dive bar. The elongated dining area is spaced out with a total of maybe 10 tables. A few stools line the bar and a few tables are located in the front as well. During the winter months, those tables near the entrance will not be so enticing with the constant opening and closing of the door.

Our server, Elliot, was pleasant. Although he was taking care of the entire back area, he was able to control the pace. 

Our drinks took some time to come out, but with two people working the whole front of the house it is to be expected. The cocktails are not as balanced as I would like. I got the ginger lemonade and liked the spiciness of the ginger infused vodka. The citrus and sweetness was almost too much. It was as if all of these components were fighting for supremacy. 

The food was solid. The bread boat stuffed with cheese and a raw egg, adjarski khachapurri, was the it dish to try. The only thing we heard about from the tables around us was this dish was featured in Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. When Elliot presented it, we were impressed by how hot the content was. The center of the boat is hot enough to cook the egg when mixed with a fork. Tearing into this beauty with a light sprinkling of seasoning from the complementary bread was divine. Another dish worth trying is the beef and lamb confit served on a bed of rice. The starch is mixed with dried fruit, whole roasted garlic cloves, and herbs. We had also ordered the bacon wrapped dates because it is a staple when ordering tapas. Unfortunately they were not a hit. I did enjoy the sherry reduction. I ended up dipping the bread in it. Make sure to save room for the biscuit cake. It is prepared like a tiramisu and is ambrosial. I would scale back on the tapas to eat two of these.
I give four stars for the Thracian Clay Pot. YUM!!! My friend told me to order it, and I did, although it isn't something I'd usually order. It is SO GOOD, and occasionally I get a craving for that exact flavor in my mouth. Everything else was very good - I don't remember eating anything that I didn't like! I recommend this place to those looking for something different than their usual. It isn't somewhere I'd go all the time and call a staple, but I definitely see myself going 2-3 times a year. In fact - I can't wait to go back and have some more of that pot!!!
Loved everything ! Had the sausage plate which was out of this world flavor and the beans were incredible! Also had lentil soup which rivaled my own.
My wife and I went last night and Nina (the owner and star on DDD) took good care of us.  We tried all 3 dishes which were featured on the show (Adjarski, Tracian Clay Pot, and Mixed Grille) as well as the almond stuffed dates and the Garlic Fries.  The only thing we didn't have room for was the biscuit cake for dessert. Food was great and lets get to the good stuff, the cocktails.  

Must try the Angry Ginger lemonade with ginger infused vodka.  Also, my wife had the Sangria and she said it was the best she's ever had.  Finally, we tried a taste of Gypsy Juice.  Nina won't tell you whats in it but it is tasty.  All the drinks are very interesting and they even have a Russian beer.

Finally, atmosphere. Dark reds and Eastern European with a lot of interesting stuff to look at.

Overall, it was a small bistro thats easy to miss, but well worth the visit. Be sure to visit a fellow UNLV Rebel...
Had been trying to go to this place since seeing it on DDD, but every time I was in vegas I was unable to make it.  Its in a really weird spot.  Its in a strip mall between a cigarette store and a jewelery repair shop.  The windows are covered up.  Seriously, it looked like it was either closed or a store front for organized crime.  But when I walked in the door the difference is night and day, literally it's kinda dark.
Anyway I had the sausage combo.  I forgot what it was called. Possibly something with a lot of B's and K's.  Brokkfrughen or Krubbbrrnfffyka maybe; I don;t know.  But it was good.  It came with some navy beans and a sauce that I really enjoyed.  i believe it was made from pimentos or something.  Never the less it was delicious.
The service was kinda slow,  One lady seemed to be the bartender hostess and waitress.  I believe she was Russian.  Nyet,  Sorry thats the only Russian I know.  Wait.....Stolnichaya.  I know that too.
Anyway had the food, prices were reasonable and I would go back.  oh and try the Sangria I hear its a good cure for a hangover.
good food but its Americanized Russian/Ukraine food.
DDD was right on point with this place. Great service and atmosphere. Food was really good as well. Tried the Thracian pot and it was just like on TV . I think I'll try this place again soon
I saw this place on triple d and couldn't wait to try it.  Best place I've eatin in a very very long time.  PLEASE never change just continue to grow
Hubby and I have been trying to stop by this place for awhile since seeing it on Triple D.  What a disappointment.  We went on a Saturday and even though the sign said it was open, the restaurant did not open until noon.  Ran errands and returned to some very spotty service.  We had to ask for water refills and the deal breaker is having not bringing both dishes out at the same time.  We'd never been to this place and it would have been nice if the server would have explained what some of the dishes were before just leaving it up to their menu descriptions but she was in somewhat of a hurry since it appeared she was the only server.

Not likely to return but glad we went there to try.  A little pricey for what we got but you live and learn.
Saw this on DDD.  Wow!!! This place is amazing.  Great food, great atmosphere, great price!!!  Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  Take a look at their specials as they were quite delicious, decent portions for tapas like portions, and excellent price.  Their Georgian wine was fantastic.  I hope this place stays around for a while.  I am certainly going everytime I comeback to Vegas.
This used to be a go-to place for me, I am sad to say that has changed. They made some changes to the menu and removed a few items I really liked, the belini for one, and the service has just gotten bad. Last 2 times I was there we had a waitress, while very nice, who didn't speak enough English to take our order. When we asked for a single sliced meat she brought us a whole platter, when we reminded her we only asked for one thing she blamed us and told us to be more clear, really?
Just went here for lunch.  SLLOOOW but friendly service, my feeling is they keep a very bare bones staff, at least for lunch that is. Nina herself seated us, ask if we wanted water but never got it.  While does the restaurant just opened at noon, I noticed that not one of the 8 people seated when we got there  had any food or drinks and it was 12:30 pm when we arrived.   It basically took about 10 minutes for the waiter to ask us if we wanted anything to drink, and another 10 to bring us the drinks.  We realized that since we were hungry we better order our food with our drinks. 

We ordered:
Sofiiska baniza- My husband order this, which is filo with cheese...looks lovely, but it didn't look like light layery filo though, more like a bit too doughy.  My husband said it was dense and just "fine". (I don't eat starches.) 

Octopus over rice from the tapas menu.  The octopus was fishy for me, but the rice was nicely cooked, according to my husband. 

Mixed grill- It was very good, one of the sausage links was cooked way more than I like, almost dry, but maybe that is the way it is suppose to be.  Still tasty. The patty seasoning was assertive, but not overpowering.  I liked the red pepper condiment and the onions marinated with mint that come with the mixed grill, it also comes with beans which we didn't eat, but looked appealing.   It really is a good portion size, especially for the price.

Thoracian Clay pot- By this time, we were pretty full, but we loved this and ate it all, but  it reminded me of a great breakfast dish that could easily be made at home, because the little clay pot had sauteed tomato, onions, bell peppers, feta, a few slices of charcuterie, and what probably should be a baked egg with an oozy yolk, but our yolk was cooked through. Still it was delicious. However, that little tasty claypot maybe way too small of a portion to satisfy a very hungry person if this is all one orders.  

You can tell almost everyone in the restaurant that this was their first time.  I guess inspired by DDD.  Yes, sadly and quite embarrassingly, I saw it too and wanted to go.  While I am not above them, I think the "foodie" want-a-bes were pretty annoying...one actually playing the DDD episode on his phone, and two old but very plump ladies asking annoying (stupid) questions to the waiter about the owner and trying to get EXACTLY same menu as on that episode of DDD...as if it was a tasting menu.  

Cool environment though, better if I just want to hang out, relax and have a few drinks at a VEEERRY leisurely pace.  I am glad I gave it a try, but probably won't go back, definitely not for lunch.  

My advice: definitely try this place out, but don't go here for a "quick" lunch on your lunch hour.
In Vegas...this is a good as it gets for great food at AMAZING PRICES. Let me stick with the value comment here....Literally, nothing costs more than $10. If you're tired of the usual hotel eateries and yes there are hundreds of absolutely amazing places in LV, try Forte. I found this place, er should I say my husband found it watching diners drive in's and dives (a show I can't watch but he LOVES) - Paul and I have been to a few of the show's recommendations in L.A. and they weren't bad so I was not adverse to the suggestion of having lunch away from the usual confines of the strip hotels, plus I was excited to bring my girlfriend Zana, who recently moved to town, to a place that served some menu items from her homeland of Serbia. 

We arrive at the restaurant in a fairly large but unassuming strip mall, and walk into the just the cutest place ever. Art on the walls, deep rich colors and a huge beautiful bar and a small cozy dining room. For lunchtime on a holiday week it was crowded enough so that my party of 6 had to wait a few minutes for a table large enough to seat us opened up. The owner was so sweet and nice offering my pre-teen nieces flavored sodas from Spain while we waited and sipped our wine.

Serbian Hamburger....don't knock the name. It was the best thing I had there among amazing stuffed grape leaves, grilled meats, rich chickpea soup and the lamb and beef confit over rice was almost like a jumbalaya. Other good picks are the pan con tomate and this dish that comes in a super hot individual pot that has beef/sausage, tomatos, onions, spices, an amazing broth, cheese and an egg for good measure. It's apparently an very old dish dating back to ancient Greece.

I am soooo going back for dinner next time and will take a taxi and leave the kids so we can take our time and enjoy the wine.
Forte is fun! I love the traditional Euro atmosphere. From the Russian music to the decor, it is a must try!  

We started out with their  "Gypsy Juice" martinis. It's a house secret but I can tell you it's to die for. It's not overly sweetened but it has a blood orange citrus flair. 

For apps:

 we went for the Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta. Stuffed baby squid, marinated and served in their own ink over rice.... They were pretty good, but not my favorite. I would have preferred calamari stuffed with something other than.... calamari. It was basically squid stuffed squid. This is why It's only a 4 of 5 stars 

2. the Mercona Almond Stuffed Dates, wrapped in bacon.. BACON! How can these NOT be good?... DELICIOUS!!

Finally #3-  Beef & lamb confit,  slow cooked, fork tender beef and lamb. I'm a fan!!

Our "Tapas Entree" was their food network famed Thracian clay pot. It's Bulgarian stile Charcuterie (sausage), feta, peppers, tomato and egg. It was fun and really good.
It was Interesting... and decent... but I should of saved my money... I watched Guy give this place raves on TV... I am not sure it's all that... but over all interesting food that was good. :-)
I was visiting this place from Los Angeles. Once I stepped in the place it went all wrong. It isnt walk in dining, there must be a reservation which I found that out after waitibg at the entrance for over ten minutes. There wasnt a welcoming enviornment there at all. Id say it was because I was the only person of color there but thats a stretch. The food im not sure but the service here from my experience was AWFUL
I'm sorry but I have to retract my original review. My husband got food poisoning from their calamari. It was the only thing that we ordered that I didn't eat. I took a small bite but something in me told me I didn't like it. I have a good sense for food quality. 

My husband agreed that it didn't taste like it was bad but the calamari was not hot enough and we think it wasn't stored at proper temperatures. I've been in the food business for years.

Although most of my orginal review was accurate outside of the calamari, I can't get past the fact that my husband was sick for two days because of them. 

NEVER AGAIN.

There are toooooo many upscale restaurants in Vegas to waste time with places like this. They got lucky to land a small feature on the food network.
Had some hits and misses with this place. I always re-order the same thing after some of the "misses". Now it's just shopska salata and Adjarski Kachapurri (spelling may be off). Mixed drinks, I've had better. Wine list, not too shabby. Some of the servers aren't the sharpest knife in the drawer. Service can be a bit slow. It takes forever to get your bill.
I heard this place was small so I was nervous they were not going to be able to accommodate my party of 10 on Sunday night. Luckily, everything worked out perfectly as they seated us at their large family table with benches. I think there was only one other table of customers so we basically had the restaurant to ourselves! Sunday nights must not be a big night for them but we didn't mind.

Regardless, this place is really funky inside. The artwork on the walls, the music, and the vibe offers a fun and offbeat experience. They have a fairly extensive selection of beers, wine, and cocktails. I had the Angry Ginger cocktail which was basically ginger infused vodka in lemonade with muddled mint. It was like a mojito lemonade, but with a ginger kick. Delicious!

We shared two orders of the Georgian bread for the table. This is their famous boat bread with the egg and the cheese in the middle. It was a huge hit! It takes a little longer because it's baked fresh right then and there but once it hit the table, everyone dove in. 

The menu is kind of funky so with a party of ten, we just jumped in and ordered a ton of items. We ordered a few Spanish tapas for the table, then a few entrees to share. Some people ordered soups and salads, etc. Overall, I think we did it the perfect way. There wasn't a morsel of food left over and everyone left satisfied. Not one person was unhappy with the food. It was truly delicious and fresh. They are really doing it right in that kitchen!

I had to order the clay plot specialty after having read all about it on yelp and seeing it on Triple D. Once it arrived, I was surprised - it was really not anything special. I thought it was going to blow me away but almost every other entree was much more of a delight. I would skip it next time. 

Highlights were: Georgian bread, Beef Strogenoff, Pelmeni, Mixed Grill plate.
Man, I am hating to have to give this place only 3 stars, based on food quality and prices, this place is easily 5 stars, but we had some weird service related issues that tipped the scales ...

1. It was hot and stuffy inside the restaurant so we asked our waitress if she could prop open a nearby door. The door was locked but it had a sign on it that read 'Must remain unlocked during business hours' so then our waitress just said 'no that door is locked' and even though we pointed at the sign, she made no attempt to fix the situation, it was pretty rude.

2. After we ate the hostess called us 2 cabs, but only one showed up, and since this restaurant is far off the strip, cabs are essential. So when we tried to go back into the restaurant to arrange another cab, it was locked! They locked us out!!! The restaurant wasn't supposed to close for another hour, sheesh, it was a cold night.

Anyways  ... on to the food:

The grill plate is outstanding, the sausages are dry and firmer that what you may be used to but they are full of flavor. The stroganoff was everyone's favorite, the dumplings were amazing and the sauce of delicious. The claypot was a big disappointment, all the ingredients individually were great but together they did not mesh well.  The egg bread is a must, not because it's so tasty but because it's a unique dish. Overall excellent food, reasonable prices, but sketchy service.
Great authentic food in a world of overpriced tourist chains.  Found it on DDD and will definitely return.  And to top it off, not a single dish or beverage priced over $10!
Learned about this place from watching Guy Fieri on Triple D. This place is def. off the beaten path, but well worth the trip if you have a car while in Vegas. The owner is pretty good looking, and the female server at our table was also strangely hot, in a very European way. 

The menu is full of dishes that I can't and won't even try to pronounce, but I dare say that most meat lovers will like their Mixed Grill. The meat was well seasoned and very tasty. Almost felt like I was in Eastern Europe, but without the death metal heads and bad Jason Bourne Villains. 

The bread dish with the egg cracked right in the middle is good too, for all you carbo lovers out there. Prices are way cheap, making this a great destination for foodies in Vegas. HInt- if you want to know what Guy ordered they have little icons in the shape of his head next the dishes.
FUN! This place is a funky bar with another world feel to it, I feel like I had been transported to Eastern Europe for the night, FUN!! Both the wine and food menu are diverse and interesting with lots of options for meat lovers and vegetarians alike.

Note, try the bread with the feta baked into it its AMAZING!!!!!!!!
Been here a couple times. very good every time! First saw it on the food network, Guy Fieri does a episode in Vegas and forte was featured.

The inside is decorated all European with posters and pictures of European things. its average size inside and has a full bar also. The staff and service are always very good. 

Ive tried a lot of things and i can never remember the name because its in bulgarian/ russian / or some other language. My favorite though is the meat platter they have.
Its 3 different types of meats sitting on top of diced onions. Comes with a little tomatoe paste and beans. Very flavorful and delicious.

I would definitely come back to hear for lunch/dinner because its very good.
Try this one , Bulgarian deal was scared but don't be . Great  new seasonings for me. Chicken soup A+ , Cured truffle meats, Good real good. Salads excellent. Nice to find something new, different & simple. Enjoy.
Will not return.  Food was lacking in flavor, as well as being brought to the table in a haphazard way.
This was easily the best meal we had in Las Vegas last weekend!  The drinks were amazing - in presentation, flavor, and inventiveness!  The food was amazing as well - so delicious and fun to share.  The staff was really great - we loved the laid back vibe.  Very European and funky feel.  If I lived here I would eat here all the time!
I have been to three Balkan restaurants here in Las Vegas over the past few months. I have been trying to visit Forte after meeting Chef Nina and sampling her food at a taping of American Chefs but my schedule did not permit.  

Finally last evening my dear friend from Belgrade surprised me with a special treat for my birthday,  dinner at Forte.  No matter your cuisine preference this restaurant offers comfort food executed elegantly with no pretense what so ever.  

The Shopska Salad, best I have ever had the pleasure to eat,  with Persian cucumber, tomato, sweet softened green pepper and Bulgarian feta - a classic and even though one is big enough to share , don't fool yourself you will finish the whole dish.  The stuffed peppers - words cannot describe. Guy Fieri got this one right!

As a bonus the patio, the subtle decor and the warm ambiance, Chef Nina has brought Eastern Europe to Las Vegas - do yourself a favor - get there sooner rather than later! I am looking forward to the caviar and few more Balkan favorites on my next visit. 

KD
This is one of the best finds in las Vegas!   6 of us went to dinner and tried everything on the menu.   The only one we did not like was the pot of food with the egg.   It looked great but the combination was not there.   We would recommend this place everytime.   The second visit was as good as the first.   Very consistent!  Exceptional Food and presentation!
I adore this place!  It's an eclectic cozy spot great for friends and families.  Good food, strong cocktails, toddlers allowed and great conversation, what more could I ask for?  Come in around 6pm on a weekend to get the full vibe of this place and its piped world music.  

They have great house bread served with olive oil and Bulgarian spices (yum), and we've tried most of the tapas, all good.  Our faves are the Spanish blue cheese (queso picon), the khachapurri (its a cross between bread and croissant with pickled cheese and a cracked egg), and you can try the chorizos as well (check out my food shots). My husband loves their Serbian burger... it's a tasty patty with buns, sour cream and diced cucumbers. If the place is packed, you have to be patient with the food service.  

Our bill for bread, 7 tapas and 5 strong cocktails was $95, good for 3-4 people.  We will definitely frequent this joint, so happy it's in our area!
Everything on this menu is out of this world. Please get the biscuit cake - you won't be sorry! The ambience is great. There is a steady soundtrack of electro pop to get you grooving. It was on Diners Drive ins and Dives for a reason!
I love everything about this place except their slow service, which is why I'm only giving it a 3 star.  Their food truly is exceptional, but their service need some improvement.  I've been here a few times, even at nights less busy, and have always gotten the same service.  Slow and inattentive staff.
I was asked if is like to sit at the bar and I did. The bar is very uncomfortable so I moved to a high top table nearby. I sat for 20 minutes with no menu or anything. Both servers walked past numerous times without even looking my direction. There were only four or five other tables in the place.

I have been a server and can overlook a lot of things, but this was unacceptable. I finally left and as I walked past the host/server at the front, she said nothing.  I'm sad because the online menu looked excellent, but I am so peeved at the service that I don't think I will ever return.

Forte needs to learn how to treat a customer!  Also,I would have given it zero stars if yelp would let me. Stay away!
I heard good things about this place and they were true.  Cool ambience (if you don't mind some old school propaganda) and all the food I had was very tasty.  Good, authentic Eastern European tapas and some of your normal Spanish style tapas fare.  Fair prices.  Highly recommended.
Great spot to get off the Strip and unwind.  Menu is unique, food was very good and the atmosphere was like a good massage.
Went to Forte on a Girls night out.  amazing little gem hidden in Vegas!! 
I am a big fan of small restaurants that have an amazing menu! 
From the fries loaded with fresh herbs and shaved Feta cheese to the Beef Stroganoff.
Drinks? OMG.......Delicious!!  We all had one called Jackass, its a take on the Moscow Mule and  we all loved it !!!
Serve in a Cooper keg cup   this was a mixed drink of Ginger Beer, vodka and Limes. 
Fantastic!!
I took my wife and mom here for mothers day as I saw this in a book of top 100 restaurants and mom love beef stroganov which they serve.  

I tried to order a wine, they did not have it.  I tried to order another wine, they did not have that one.  Third time was the charm.

I like the lamb confetti ap, very good.  My goulash was not really hot when served.  I had a soup with pickled meat that was interesting and tasty.

The honey cake for desert was tasty.  

I would go back if in the area, but this will not be a regular place I visit.

My service experience was good.
Great tasting food and service was prompt and friendly.  Hip new place with great music and late-night theme.  The Forte Fries is a must.
Overall A
Food A
Atmosphere A
Service A
Pluses: Nice Music
Minuses: None
Had the Beef and Lamb Confit, wow the flavors in this dish were a nice suprise. Next had the Mediterrean Salad, full of mint, tomatoes, cucumbers, spanish olives and basil. Also powerful flavors in the best way possible. Next had the Gambas shrimp sauted in garlic and wine, olives and lemon. yummo. Bread served with your meal was fresh, light and lovely. Washed it down with a Sangria Forte and for dessert a shot of Rum. Unique Russian food at affordable price.
Have had the pleasure of enjoying Fortes food many times in the past two years but just writing about it now. Lastnight, came in with wife and baby. Great atmosphere and food came up very fast. Happy to report that all the changes since the last visit have only improved forte to a whole new level. I feel as if it's a place to go if you are in the industry after work, or even as a causal guest. There is something on the menu for everyone and, more importantly, something new for everyone to try. Giving 5 well deserved stars becuase the owner obviously cares about her guests, as she is always there to give a personal touch to the venue. The only thing that I would say that I commented on was the amount of staff working. Just seemed like too many, but maybe they had a party coming in or something. Happy Cooking/Eating!
I love this place. Saw it on the tube and went like several other folks......I've been several times and never been disappointed. First off, I'm the kind of gal that loves dill, pickles, tomatoes, mint, basil, feta cheese,boiled potatoes and so on.....I was married to an eastern european guy for a hot minute and the best thing about the marriage was his Mom's cooking....So needless to say, I'm a fan. Regardless though, I have a good palette and having eaten a fair amount of traditional eastern european food, I do consider myself qualified to give an opinion. Which is why I am so baffled at some of the bad reviews on this site....Seems like maybe folks, both at the restaurant and those writing the reviews might have had a couple of bad days. 

The prices? Awesome. The food? Awesome. The service? Every time I've been there, Awesome. Last time I went in I looked a hot mess having just driven 11 straight hours coming from Wyoming on a Sunday, starving like mad cause the entire state of Utah was closed for church. Which is cool for me, but I share that to say that  the circumstances of my last visit to the bistro were less than ideal. Ratty road trip clothes, hair and face, walking stiff like Frankenstein, and still, they greeted us with a smile and a cool drink. Seated us right way, the place was full, and brought us delectable treats to nom. We had wine, a roy rogers, goulash, salad and some damn good chicken meatballs and potatoes. Bill was $33 bucks. YES! AH love this place. I'll go back forever.
Heard about Forte's from Guy Fieri and I have to say he did not disappoint.  I am always looking for something different and reasonably priced. The food was fantastic.  This was my first visit so I ordered the Bulgarian Mixed Grill which had 3 different types of sausage all made from scratch and delicious.  It came with a white bean salad and a tomato sauce dip.I  rate that dish 10 for 10..
The waitress suggested I try the Vareniki which was a potato dumpling with fried onions and OMG she was right another hit.  Food was soo good I had to bring my room mate home some Beef Stroganoff and Baklava for both of us.  Did I mention the atmosphere and service were great also and we sere surprised with some entertainment also..I will be returning to try other things on the menu... By the way everything was priced reasonably with good portions.
Great food and service.  Very European feel and food was just like my dad used to make.   We'll be back to try more tapas!
I want to be fair to Forte, it was busy and most people seemed to be enjoying their meals so maybe my tastes are not the norm for usual repeat customers but I was not overly impressed with the flavor palate of the food.

But the two stars is about the service, or lack thereof.  We made reservations specifying a birthday, that was ignored as were we for the first 10 minutes after being seated.   Nothing came quickly, no apologies for the slow service and we had to ask for refills to our water 3 times before anyone brought us some.  There was a large birthday celebration just beginning to set up while we were there and MAYBE that threw them off but then be aware of it and apologize to those who got bad service because of it.  I didn't see anyone who could be called a manager there.

Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and the food and recommended her favorites.  She was from Russia and I trust that what we had would have been considered good by those familiar with the food.

The decor is funky but nice, the guy playing the guitar was reserved and nicely in the background but you can't excuse the slow service.   And maybe the food was good just not up to my tastes and I do think I am adventurous.

Maybe the popularity of this place was the mention of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives which I didn't see but they promote their appearance on it a lot.

We won't be going back or recommending it to others.
Our friends are regulars at Forte and we joined them for dinner. On previous visits they have always had a wonderful experience. Also the Yelp reviews are positive and the visit by Diners Drive Ins and Dives was excellent. Our visit was on Saturday July 20th. The place was nearly full and included a large group celebrating a birthday.
The dining room has an Old World comfortable feeling and the wait staff is friendly and helpful. Service was excellent up to the up to the point of placing our dinner order.

Items ordered were Chicken Salad, Stuffed Grape Leaves, Hungarian Goulash and Thracian Clay Pot. While waiting, a glance around the room reveled that very few tables were receiving their food. Our server apologized for the wait and told us that our dinners would be out shortly and the entire meal with cocktails would be complementary. 
We waited one hour for our food.

The Stuffed Grape Leaves were appetizers however we received something else and it was returned and replaced with the correct item. Several other items were not up to our satisfaction. The Hungarian Goulash was over salted and the dish was refused. The Thracian Clay Pot was heavy on the cheese and light on sausage. It did not look like the one made on the Diners Drive Ins and Dives show. There must have been something seriously wrong in the kitchen on the night of our visit. I hope this was an isolated situation that the owners of this authentic European restaurant can correct. 
We would like the mom & pop places to survive.
I've been hearing about this place for some time now and was excited to try it. It's crazy that it took us this long to make it here since it is a stone's throw from our house. We went for lunch and it was pretty empty with only one waitress working. She was attentive but as the place started to fill up she got a bit overwhelmed. The bread they bring is phenomenal and when paired with the oil and spices I felt like I didn't need anything else it was so good. I ordered the Chebureki (Georgian style, deep fried beef dumpling) for us to share; the dumplings were very tasty the beef was very flavorful. They reminded me of an empanada in shape and pastry but the taste was very different. For our main courses I ordered the Bulgarian Mixed Grill (3 sausages) and my bf ordered the Goulash. I liked two of the sausages a lot, the third was ok just not for me sadly I don't know which was which. The beans that are served with the dish are very good if not a bid over oiled, i did not care for the red dipping sauce it is served with. My bf's goulash was very tasty though the serving was small and it was a bit on the salty side. We really liked the atmosphere of the place, there is tons to look at, the discotheque music was terrible and if it weren't for that we probably would have stayed longer. All in all we will certainly be back if for nothing else then to try the yummy looking biscuit cake.
After a long drive (9 hrs), it was refreshing to step into this friendly place.  We were seated very quickly and just as fast had bread with seasoning and dipping sauce to try.. fresh and flavorful... which also goes for the great salad, the bulgarian mixed grill (excellent) and hungarian goulash (ok but not amazing).  the salad was loaded with fresh everything and the feta cheese grated all over it was perfect.  then the biscuit at the end.. I was already stuffed but had to try this dessert which melts in your mouth.. the only thing better would have been coffee with it but it was gone before coffee could have arrived, so order your coffee in advance.  At the end of the meal Nina stopped by.  it was nice to meet her and thank her for the quality she is committed to as she brings old world foods into a modern atmosphere.  Great job of respect for family and tradition while doing something new.   Im already looking forward to my next trip to Vegas so I can come back and bring more friends.
I'm shocked at the few bad reviews I see for this great place.  They mostly seem to be about the service and not the food.  My wife and I had a great experience and the food was fantastic.  My grandparents are Polish and Ukrainian, so I grew up eating some similar foods.  Similar but not the same.  The dishes have a different spice profile and are more delicate.  The food we had was delicious.  The borscht beat my grandmothers.  The pelmeni are tender and so tasty.  We had both the stroganoff and the plain with sour cream and dill.  We had the Thracian clay pot ... yummy.  We also had the Khachapurri which is a bread with a cheese and egg filling.  Also delicious.  They have a nice selection of vodkas, wines and beers too.  Our service was outstanding.  I think she was the owner, but she was friendly knowledgeable and very engaging.  

I highly recommend checking this place out in Las Vegas.  It was better than any meal we have had in the Bellagio I can tell you that.  The final bill of $45 including drinks beats most of prices on the strip as well.
This was our first time at Forte. Initially we were a bit concerned about the food considering the interior design of the place. However, the food was definantly good, the spices were unique and not bland. The interior decor grows on you as you sit back and look at all the newspaper and media clippings on the wall...feels authentic and almost makes you feel like your in another time and place. 
Service was good when we got service...however, i was surprised that they had one individual working the front (serving, ordering, hosting guests)...this caused some interesting service experience. 

For me (im from eastern europe), the food was good enough to surpass all the negatives about this place...i would definantly come back.
This Beautiful Authentic Gem is the best kept secret in Vegas.  The body and mind are lifted the second you walk in the door. The Food is made with integrity and Love. When the food is prepared with this much love, you can taste it in every bite!
Incredible meal and experience!   Bookmarked forever, I finally made it happen with a group because I wanted to try several dishes and needed lots of people.  My best friend from middle and high school came in from Boston for a short weekend visit.  Last year when she visited we went to Komol with Carmin H. and Cole R., and they wanted to join in on our Forte dinner with me and Eric R.  I made reservations for 7:00 and we were seated in the back corner of this artistic and funky restaurant and bar.

I ordered prosecco, Carmin H. and Nithya V. ordered angry ginger lemonade cocktails, Cole R. had a giant dark beer of some sort, and Eric R. got sangria.  We then ordered in waves and the food came out quickly and staggered perfectly.  Our server (Christina or Kristina) was fantastic.  She offered us a bread basket that was replenished upon request, served with olive oil and Bulgarian spices.

The plates were so intricate and pretty, all the way from Bulgaria.  Our first bite was the Shopska salad, with cucumber, tomato, and lots of Bulgarian feta.  Next was the squid stuffed with baby squids cooked in its own ink served on hot rice.  I loved the rice that came with it, a squeeze of lemon...delicious.  The squid itself was more room temperature but definitely tasty and unique.  On our server's recommendation, we ordered potato dumplings with fried onions.  I was shocked to discover that NIthya V. like my husband did not like potatoes!  Two crazy people exist!  Nevertheless, I went with the rec and all 5 of us ate one.  Both potato haters enjoyed these dumplings!!!!  They were scrumptious.

Eric R. ordered one of his fave things, hot meat stuffed grape leaves, also recommended by our grape leaves expert friend Mamie P.  They were very good.  Finally the dreamy bread (kachapuri) came, shaped like a boat filled with cheese, topped with egg, swirled at the table.  I cut this haphazardly into 5 pieces for the table and it was so hot, no wonder the egg cooked on it!  Sooooo good.

After watching Triple D, Nithya V. wanted to try the Thoracian clay pot.  We ordered 2 for the table, one with meat and one without.  I ate the no meat one and it was amazing.  The serrano pepper was legit with it, and I liked the combo of the cooked egg, tomato, peppers, and feta.  This is a must order.  Lastly, one of Eric R.'s favorite dishes came out, beef stroganoff.  We have only had this on egg noodles, so the dumpling/ravioli style made this dish unique.  I could taste liquor in the sauce, which can only be a good thing.

Overall, every bite of food I put in my mouth was tasty, fresh, and unique.  I would absolutely return with a group of friends to try more.  The vibe is funky, the service great, and the food special - you won't find this anywhere else in Vegas.
First time here. Had an anniversary meal with family. Very nice atmosphere and wonderful service. Never had Bulgarian food before so this was a great experience. Drinks are a little pricey but the food is very reasonably priced. The cheese and jelly platter was tasty but small. Main courses were excellent and bountiful. Particularly enjoyed the lamb dish and sausage mixed plate. Definitely worth a trip. Everyone must try the biscuit cake for dessert.
This was unfamiliar cuisine for me but I went with a friend that would help steer me towards foods I'd like. We shared charcuterie and a few other dishes and each tasted different and were excellent. 

Restaurants like Forte created examples of the difference between independent and chain restaurants. The atmosphere, service and food were unique and top notch. 

This is the kind of restaurant worth leaving the Vegas strip for. The locals should cherish that they have such a restaurant.
The atmosphere was great.  The theme and the ambiance were nice.   The food?  Well?  While an average American can't tell the difference between a beet soup and a borscht,  a Russian most certainly can.  And while the chebureki and  the stuffed peppers looked like a miniature version of the real thing,  they were a pretty far cry from it.  The vareniki while needed more salt in them did taste pretty authentic.  If you want to get some idea of Russian food without going to urban.  This is the place for you.
Nice atmosphere, a little tight but cozy place. Happened to see this place show cased on Triple D (Food Network) so figured might as well give it a shot while I was in Vegas. Food is different but tastes great. Portions are a bit small and you may end up spending more than you'd like but it's a nice experience trying something different. Feta cheese fries were awesome. Not the kind of food you eat every day but you'll become a bit more cultured after experiencing. Give it a shot you won't be disappointed.
Recently stopped by here the last time I was in town after seeing it on DDD, and all I can say is what a welcomed and refreshing change of pace from the usual internationally-inspired restaurant. It really is an authentic European experience taking influences from a range of countries, many of which don't get represented much if at all in the states, and mashes them together into a melting pot of awesomeness.

The adjarski khachapurri, beef stroganoff, and beef and lamb confit were all excellent and seriously flavorful. They do the food right here, and some dishes take time to make. So relax, order a drink, and just enjoy the atmosphere of this place while your order is being prepared. The exceptionally good food, along with the friendly and attentive service, and funky-cool interior made it well worth the cab ride off the strip.
absolutely amazing as always. ive been coming in for about a year and the service food and drinks are always great. prices are fair but the owner will make u the best drinks u have ever had, not to mention her awesome paintings through out. 

well worth the visit.
If you claim to be a foodie you have to try this place.  The location of the restaurant is questionable but it makes it a neighborhood gem.  Ask you server what they recommend and enjoy being transported to Europe!

The service was fast and excellent.  Take a look at the beer selection as well.  Personally I recommend the Hungarian Goulash!
This is a great and totally unexpected surprise of a restaurant. When you go to it, it seems like a completely Spanish Tapas bar, which in fact it is mostly Eastern European. The food is so tasty and savory and the atmosphere is fun and relaxing. We had the cucumber salad, the bacon wrapped dates, and a sausage dish for our tapas and for our entrees we had the pelmeni and I had a traditional Bulgarian dish that was spectacular. They also have some pretty funky cocktails as well. Definitely coming back!
Because fellow Yelpers said so... Pulled up to Forte last night @ 7 and the place was near empty... Almost drove away, but what the heck at least have a beer. Enter to the delightful sounds of a solo guitar man strumming light soothing jazzy rock. Love the cafe atmosphere. The menu is so full of unfamiliar tasty gems to try that it will take several visits to enjoy them all. The gin martini was stiff:-) and properly chased with the cold recommended Bulgarian beer served in an artful ceramic euro mug, very nice. Delicate home made rustic euro bread and table olive oil drizzle add the 20-something-spice-mix dipping for starters. The soups (Solyanka & also Chicken) were delicious as was the lolly pop lamb chops, truffled salami small plate, and bacon wrapped dates stuffed with Marcona almonds... all in all, fantastic! Go figure, by the time we left the place was showing a much larger following, as it should be. See you soon Forte!
Ignore the dodgy location, as that is the only thing about this place that isn't A+. This isn't a place that mascarades as European cuisine, it truly has all the old world flavor, and you can taste the love that goes into each and every dish. 
They have a nice selection of artisan beers and you can even just sit at the bar(I've been known to do so). Every single waitress is so gracious and kind. 

Incidentally, I once had a friendly cab driver bring me home from the airport and as we passed Forte, I mentioned that it was a great place to eat. He said, "Yes, I know.... my wife is cook there". 
Vegas really is a small town.
A truly mixed bag...critics in LV love this place...in fact the last time I was there I saw two of them with their spouses...the food is eastern Europeon and really about three stars....so why the hype....the owner Nina is in her 20's and smokin' HOT with a personality to match- couple that with generous wine pours, a hip interior and the those meatballs known as our local restaurant critics rave about this place...so...I give it FOUR stars- HEY I love good wine pours and HOT women as much as the next guy- just don't expect to be blown away by the food....
I've been looking forward to dining here for over a year. Tonight was finally the night! I had a great time! The service was excellent, the staff was very friendly and accommodating. The food was great! We tried a variety of items going full tapas style. The stroganoff fries (a special) were delish, the goulash was very flavorful, the clay pot was interesting and good but I probably wouldn't get it again because I'm not a big fan of cooked bell pepper, the Serbian sausage platter was excellent- the sausage was like nothing I've ever had, flavorful but mellow and wonderfully fresh! The quality of food was great!

Also thought I would mention the live music. I really appreciated the fact that it was loud enough to enjoy but I could still carry a conversation with friends and hear what they were saying. Everything has character here from the people to the dishes and glassware! I will definitely go back!
We have dined here in the past, but this evening's visit was for the purpose of satisfying my wife's itch for a biscuit cake.  She refused to share so I ordered my own. These are honey biscuits with mascarpone cheese, chocolate, espresso and spiced rum.
Great music.... Sangria was money! I came just for some charcuterieand chz.... Got that and it was quite good... They brought me bread with it. Service was nice... Ambiance was hip and good... I really liked it and will be back... The shopping center is a bitbild and odd... But food and service was on the money... 4 stars for now... Looking to do better in future... But ill def be back.
Thanks to Guy for putting this place on Triple D! Forte has become our go-to restaurant when we're in Vegas. It's great for date night or an adult gathering, especially if you're a foodie....the kiddies probably wouldn't care for the food. 
You wouldn't expect this amazing place to be in this part of Vegas but it's great. Once you walk in you're immediately taken by the decor, upbeat music & incredible ambience. 
Once greeted by the friendly staff, or owner who is there often, you are brought scrumptious bread. You need to order a pitcher of Sangria! It's pretty delish, not too sweet but just right. 
We always order tapas here & highly recommend items from their specials menu. Last time we were there we had the Lamb Lollipops with Forte Fries...HOLY GOODNESS! Then we had the Artisian Characuterie Plate, also spectacular. It doesn't matter which dish you try, it's a great experience & you will be back for more. 
The decor in here is awesome. Love the bar area & it's also a great place to celebrate a birthday, they were preparig for one when we were there & it looked very festive. 
Can't wait to go back to Vegas for some more Forte!
The gf and I finally hit Forte - it's relatively close to our house ( about 2 miles ) but just now made it to the top of the "new try" list.

Went on a Tuesday night and the place had a decent crowd.  Quirky looking place and kinda strange lay-out of the tables but ok by us.  Servers were pleasant and attentive.  The gf was really focused on one of the servers hair style, " Should I get my hair like that?"  - must have asked me 4 times, hey !  I'm here to eat, not look at hair !

We avoided liquor since it was a weekday.  They provided a mini-loave of bread with olive oil and they recommended you add a special Bulgarian seasoning mix to the oil - the gf loved it - I also liked it though I felt she added to much of the herb mixture to the oil.

We ordered:

Beef Stroganoff Ragu ( $8 ) - Holy cow, the ragu was perfect !  the pasta shells were like little cups to hold the ragu - also very good but we wish they gave us more !

Chebureki ( $3.50 ) -two beef filled fried dumplings - basically a turnover.  perfectly fried, nice flaky crust, a little light on filling but what do you want for $3.50 ??

Bulgarian Mixed grill ( $10 ) - pork grilled three ways - two are sausage, one a patty.  Different seasoning and texture on all three .  came with a side of white beans and a salad similar to cole slaw but better - overall, an excellent plate of food !

Stuffed grape leaves( $5) - each one had a sausage in it.  I enjoyed but the gf prefers the middle eastern version that includes rice.

I wanted to avoid the sweets but I was being hounded so we ordered the rice pudding( I believe $4 ) and the biscuit cake ( $5).  The biscuit cake was very good - reminded us of tiramisu but the liquor flavor is lighter.  I'm not a rice pudding fan but I liked the generous amount of cinnamon on top of the pudding that gave it a nice kick.

a few pics attached

we'll definitely return
The decor and the atmosphere are great. This is a very Cousy bar, a place where you can bring your friends, enjoy a good drink and nice conversation.. 
The food is good, we ordered chorizo en vino and it was amazing!  My boyfriend ordered the Bulgaria goulash, which was a small but decent plate! We also tasted the hot pot, which had a very interesting flavor! Sausage, tomatoes, onion n eggs.. If you dont like eggs too much do not get it as this is the main ingredient! 
Overall the place is very interesting, you need to come and check it out for your self!
At first, I didn't think that this place was even open. It was located in a shopping center, but from the outside, appeared dark and shut down. I actually called just to make sure they were open.  They were, thankfully! The inside is..interesting! They've got twinkly lights hanging, music posters, and artwork. A musician was softly playing a variety of songs, mostly 80s and soft-rock hits. 

I started with the Ginger Lemonade, which I thought was great. Our server was nice enough, but didn't seem to know much about the menu.

The food was fine. I'm not super familiar with Eastern European food, and having eaten it, I don't think that it will be my favorite cuisine, but I'm glad that I had an opportunity to try it.  I enjoyed the bread stuffed with cheese and topped with egg (it really does cook in front of you!) as well as the potato dumplings. 

It is definitely an "off the beaten path" type of restaurant, and something different in Las Vegas. Worth a look if you're in the neighborhood and want to try European foods.
Why the heck did it take me so long to come here?  Forte was great!  Being open until 3am is a big plus.  Lisa R's terrific review finally persuaded us to check them out and we actually ran into her having dinner at one of the tables upfront!  It was fate :)

The vibe was really cool.  Definitely don't feel like you're in LV.  They had a one man band doing covers ranging from Depeche Mode to Nelly Furtado in a whole Casio keyboard meets karaoke with an eastern Europe flare that definitely enhanced the experience.

We surprisingly started with a complimentary order of the "Marcona Almond Stuffed Dates".  Apparently they made an extra plate by mistake and our waitress gave them to us on the house.  Most tapas joints execute a kind of stuffed date tapas well but the size of these dates were a lot bigger than normal and the jerez sherry reduction gave it a very unique flavor.  Thanks to the staff for that one.

Our favorite dish was the "Calamares Rellenos en su Tinta".  They were stuffed baby squids (squid in squid) that were marinated and served in their own ink on top of Spanish herb rice.  We were kind of surprised the squid was served cold but it actually worked with the hot rice.  100% getting a double order of this the next time since my lovely wife hogged most of it :P

The "Thracian Clay Pot" almost sounds like a nickname for a torture device in "Game of Thrones" but it was anything but that.  It's a Bulgarian specialty served piping hot served with veggies, sausage with a baked egg on top.  The broth was perfect for a chilly evening.  It defines comfort food.  Some might find the broth to be too sausagey but I was digging it.  We also had the "Bulgarian Mixed Grill" and both liked the kiufte best.  They could Americanize those babies and make them sliders! hahahaha 

We couldn't get enough of their table spice and put it on everything including the olive oil we dipped their amazing bread in.  I asked the server what the blend of spices were and she rattled off a whole list of things in it.  It was so good that I bought a bottle of their home blended spice before we left.

Their $20 bottles of wine rocked too!
In Las Vegas, many of the really interesting places to eat are overrated, overcrowded, and overpriced.  When I saw Forte featured on "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives," I was skeptical that the food could be as delicious as it looked and sounded.  But wow, I'm so glad I tried it and found out that I was totally wrong - this is excellent food and drink, in a lovely atmosphere with great service.

The location is definitely more for locals than Strip-visiting tourists, so I'm glad that we had rented a car (to spend our days at Red Rock Canyon and the Valley of Fire).  At first, it wasn't clear that they were open, because the windows are dark (an open sign would aid walk-in business), but we trudged through the patio area and went inside and were met with a gorgeous colorful interior!  It's a fun and eclectic space, I really loved the style.  (The men's room is particularly awesome, decorated in crazy Eastern European propaganda posters.  Or so I hear.)

The table bread was fantastic, especially dipped in oil with their hand-blended spice mix.  We could've eaten tons of it!  Everything on the menu and specials board was enticing, but we finally settled on a bunch of small plates: Adjarski Khachapurri (really fun dough boat, enjoyed the egg on top), Thracian clay pot (smaller than expected, everything inside was tasty), chebureki (dumplings so deliciously flaky and dill-y that we ordered a second round), kebabche (one of the sausages we saw on the show, as delicious as we'd hoped it would be), and the Bulgarian bean relish (refreshing, something I'm going to try to make at home).  I also got two tasty beverages - the angry ginger lemonade (delicious, not at all boozy) and a bloody mary made with their garden veggie-infused vodka (this was so amazing, I need to infuse my own vodkas immediately).  I was stuffed by the end of the meal and still longing to try more things!

The best part?  It was an incredibly affordable meal, especially for the quality and quantity.  You can easily eat a great meal, with drinks, for $25 per person.
Amazing food! Must check out! Service is excellent and try the shopska salad,
On a recent visit to Forte, it seemed like the staff was in way over their heads. Since this was my only experience here, I will give them a little bit of slack. The food we had was all solid. I cannot say the same about the drink menu. With there being a large jump in price from the house wine to the next selection, I opted for the house red. It tasted like Kool-Aid. I would have tried a second glass, but the aforementioned service prevented that from going down. The specialty drinks on the menu all looked like they would rot your teeth. Unfortunately, throwing sugary ingredients into a cocktail glass is a common trend these days, and Forte is no different. The atmosphere is charming and cozy. I may try Forte again and hope that the staff is less chaotic.
Great place! Yummi food!! The biscuit cake is delicious, save some room for it! Good staff and cozy atmosphere!
Can't miss here.  Everything is delicious and everyone that works here is kind and hospitable.  I don't live in Las Vegas, but sure gives me a few really compelling reasons to want to :)
First timers here. We went to Forte after seeing it on "Dinners, Drivers, & Dives." The place was quite small but it had a quaint atmosphere.  It was also pretty packed for a Friday night. It took a long time to get seated and even longer to place an order, which is understandable. 

We ordered the Bulgarian Mixed Grill, Calamares Rellanos En Su Tinta, Thracian Clay Pot (which our server addressed that it would take 20 minutes to make), and Baklava for dessert. The food was amazing. The mixed grill was an assortment of 3 types of sausages and pickled vegetables. The Calamares was squid with spanish fried rice. It was wonderful... but we never got the clay pot. It was 40 minutes after we placed our order. We had to flag down another server to let them know we never got the other half of our order and we'll just settle with the baklava. Our server said the clay pot never went through the system. I find that hard to believe considering one of the servers tried to serve the couple next to us who was seated around the same time as us the same clay pot (which they got earlier) and then the server went back. Thankfully, we weren't charged for the claypot and the baklava was comped. 

This sort of deterred our dining experience but we'll gladly eat here again, just not soon.
If you are staying on a LV strip your cab ride will be around $30 one way. If you know what the Russian food should taste like than you will be greatly dissapointed after visiting this place. My husband and I came here craving some Russian Solyanka soup and Pelmeni... ended up being nothing close to the real taste at all... this place didn't worth a $60 cab ride.
I really wanted to like Forte. A reasonably priced European tapas restaurant in Vegas, sounds amazing ! Unfortunately, the restaurant did not top more than 3 stars. 

First the service was sooooo slow. This is not a large restaurant, but it took our server over 20 minutes to bring a menu. We had to ask for drinks several times, and we had to ask for a second set of flatware 3 times. 

I started with a ginger lemonade cocktail served in a bronze mug. Delicious! This was the winner. Well worth my $8.

We ordered borscht, a cold beet and cabbage soup, a particular favorite from Eastern Europe and Russia; truffle mashed potatoes; and stroganoff. Each was good but not great. We followed up with the beef and lamb confit, and the star course of the night, lamb lollipop chops! 

I did not care for the size of the portions. Forte holds itself out as a tapas restaurant, but each of these dishes were large enough for a full course. Smaller dishes and smaller prices would be preferable, otherwise this is just an Eastern European/ Russian fusion restaurant and not a tapas place.

The atmosphere is nice and Forte makes for an interesting date spot. I look forward to trying Forte again and hopefully improving their 3 star rating.
This place is really cute. Love love love the decor. Very female oriented. Our waitress was adorbs and super sweet. I wasn't eating much but the table bread was delicious they have some yummy spice combo you add to the olive oil that is really good flavor I've never had before. We had the clay pot with egg. Egg was over cooked and that kind of ruined it, but I've never had Bulgarian food so maybe it's supposed to be that way? Grape leaves were good delicious dill sauce. We can't remember the other dish we had so it wasn't very memorable. Very laid back vibe is what we liked most. The beer selection was interesting and you get a hobbit mug for them. Moscow mule was really good. They infuse their own vodka with ginger. Family friendly. Bought a bottle of wine to go it was disgusting.... From Spain. So don't get that.
We went on Friday night and we're able to get a table despite not having reservations. FYI reservations are recommended for Friday and Saturday nights.  Great date night atmosphere ..dark cozy and comfortable.  There was also live music which was great because it wasn't ridiculously loud - you could still carry on your conversations.  I had a delicious cocktail that came in a copper mug - can't remember the name of it - it had ginger infused vodka, lime and ..? We'll worth the eight dollars.  Home made bread was excellent - the olive oil was top quality - reminded me of the olive oil that you get in Greece.  The feta cheese pastry was like a dessert.  The meat dumplings were good they were very meaty -almost games which I wasn't I the mood for at the time but they were delicious regardless.  Bacon wrapped Marcona almond stuffed dates were yummy and the biscuit cake dessert was as delicious As it sounds.
The best little hole in the wall in Vegas!

Came here with a group of girlfriends from work, one being from Russia. We had made a reservation ahead of time, for which I was glad. At 7 pm, the place was pretty packed, but began clearing out a bit around 8 pm. 

Here's what was on our table:

Adjarski Khachapurri - giant boat bread with soft cheese and a cracked egg. This was amazing. The flavor wasn't overdone and it was fresh out of the oven!

Beef Strogannoff Ragu - we all know what this is and it was awesome

Vereniki and Pelmeni - two different types of dumplings with sour cream. They were not overly greasy and paired with the sour cream...amazing!.

We ordered some of their signature house drinks and a bottle of wine. 

I have to give the food 5 stars. It was so nice to go to a place where the tapas wasn't pre-made and sitting under heat lamps getting greasy and dried out (*cough* Firefly *cough*). The food was not overly seasoned to cover up the lack of quality...like a lot of places do. The vegetables and fresh seasonings (scallions, parsley, etc.) served with each dish really complimented the home cooking and quality ingredients. 

The service was slow, but due to everything being fresh out of the oven, it was more than acceptable. Plus, in Euro culture, you take your time to eat and talk. Why is everyone in such a hurry?! We stayed here for over 4 hours listening to the live music and chatting away. It was a really nice atmosphere, and we all left happy.
We had stuffed grape leaves, mixed grill, chorizo in red wine, stroganoff, and the fried dough in honey--all delish!!
delicious, unique, great tapas spot.  Chicken kabob was amazing! Make a reservation or go early because it is a little small.
Amazing flavors! Try the KGB martini, its very flavorful. The threcian claypot is supurb! All of their dishes can be served for any meal of the day!
Any place that sells something called the sausage party gets at least two stars from me without even having to have gone in. It gets a third star because the food was actually good, but on top of that my plate had what looked to be a fist sized side of pure butter on my plate.

4th and 5th star for the wait staff, all the chicks are uber hot. I accidentally knocked over some oil and our waitress leaned over to clean it up, giving me a free show. That earned her a $20 tip.

Will definitely be back!!
At some point I saw the DDD episode featuring this place, and immediately bookmarked it upon moving to LV. I'll admit, I was saving it for a day when I needed to take out the BF to get some extra brownie points: he's from Russia and loves to find cafes to have the food when it's cooked well. Knowing this place would blow him away, I saved it for precisely the right moment.

We went in and immediately fell in love with the interior dcor and atmosphere- there was a musician in the corner singing covers of easy-listening hits, small mismatched tables and chairs arranged in cozy groups, and little trinkets sprinkled everywhere. I belatedly noticed the chalkboard specials in the entry area after we'd already ordered, but it gave me several ideas for what to order next time.

BEEF STROGANOFF RAGU ON PELMINI: BF said this was the best stroganoff he's ever had, and he grew up eating it in Russia and has had the dish more times than most Americans have had spaghetti and meatballs. Dumplings were great (though few, the order comes with 4 so it's shareable but only barely), loved that they weren't overcooked as they have been elsewhere we've ordered them. The mushroom ragout though was what really made the dish, and we made sure to scoop up what remained using the crusty homemade bread.
KHACHAPURRI:  Georgian bread dish with cheese and egg; really rich and seems more like a breakfast or lunch dish than a dinner one to me, but something worth trying if you've never had it before. 
CHEBUREKI: a two-piece order for a good price,  good to add on and try. They're fried beef dumplings, similar in size and shape to a large potsticker, topped with green onion and dill. The dill especially really complements the filling, you'll want to pinch up extra from around the plate. 
THRACIAN CLAY POT: a small-looking portion served in the clay pot it's made in, the dish is composed of tomato, egg, sausage, peppers, feta, and onion. Reminiscent of shakshuka, and best eaten with some of the homemade bread.
BISCUIT CAKE: a take on tiramisu, super moist and flavorful with just the right amount of chocolate to make it sweet but not overwhelmingly so. Slightly disappointed that I did not taste the Lavazza espresso at all.


We've already decided to make this place a regular date night stop. So glad Ive finally found a place we'll go to regularly for eastern European food.
Everything on the menu looked terrific...choices between Bulgarian, Hungarian, Polish, Russian, Spanish, Greek and I think Romanian. Went with 2 local friends who recommended it and was the best eastern European restaurant I have been in in the USA.. We shared the Bulgarian Mixed Grille (Kiufte, Kebabche and Loukaniko), Adjarski Khachapurri..spelling?) and Thracian Clay pot. Everytime I visit Vegas now I will eat here., DELICIOUS!  10+ service by 2 very, very sweet Bulgarian ladies and the bread with their oil dip (their own spice concoction which I bought a bottle of) was sooooo good., I love this place.
First time diner at forte. My brother and I and our two friends were in Vegas and wanted to get something to eat for lunch. Since we have a real penchant for trying new, exotic, and interesting places, we thought we'd try out forte; Eastern European seemed to fit the bill. We tried several dishes and shared them all. I must say, it is a rare instance when we do this and have every dish get a thumbs up but, in this case, it happened. We loved every dish we had, right down to the delicious biscuit cake for desert. Four guys with very divergent tastes, who tried 7 different dishes, each gave this place an enthusiastic thumbs up. We will be back.
We originally discovered Forte on an episode of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives featuring their Thracian Clay Pot-we immediately fell in love and make it ourselves almost weekly. If you haven't seen it...check it out their traditional Bulgarian dish here: http://www.barforte.com/ 

When we found ourselves in Vegas a few months later, we decided we needed to try it in person despite
a)being about a 20 minute drive from the strip
b) being located in a strip mall....not my ideal locale for a nice dinner. 

The two of us arrived without a reservation, which wasn't a problem at our time of arrival for a Saturday evening. There is a small outdoor fenced in patio area, but we opted to sit inside instead. The place is seriously cute. Great, cheeky dcor, mismatched tables, clusters of seating, a bar area, fun wine cellar, chalkboard walls with specials, etc. We were brought fresh, warm, house baked bread in a turquoise colander with our menus. The bread is accompanied by their own spices and oils. Water is served in old fashioned vodka bottles with seriously awesome labeling. 

Our server was the absolute sweetest (and absolutely gorgeous!) and we put our Thracian Clay Pot order in right away-they take about 25-30 minutes. ($9.99 but we got it on some happy hour special for just $6!)

We ordered the stuffed sweet peppers to start-and WOW, we were surprised. They were delicious with the yogurt dill sauce and we scraped up the last of it with our warm bread. ($6.95)

We also tried the lamb lollipop fries ($9.99) which were a special for that night. The lamb chops were on a bed of amazing fries and gravy sauce. 

We tried the Pelmeni beef dumplings which were also good.

We had the Adjurski Khachapurri-the only thing I wouldn't give a 5 star. It is a bread dish in the shape of a boat stuffed with pickled Bulgarian cheese and topped with a cracked egg. This menu item is listed as "finished table side" although all she really did was break up the over easy egg and mix it. This was a good dish, but much more suitable for breakfast or brunch, rather than dinner. 

We tried traditional Bulgarian beer, Argentinian wine (Gascon!), and even the Moscow mule-house infused ginger vodka, limes, and ginger beer in a copper mug. One of my favorites!

The best part is that Forte is extremely affordable. For two people who ordered 5 items and 5 drinks total, our bill was around $60-unheard of!

Get off the strip and check this place out!
They open at 5 pm have live music starting around 8 pm.
A definite favorite of our trip!
I wasn't crazy about this place. I went after it was featured on one of Guy Fierri's shows a couple of years ago and remember not being impressed. Fast forward to 2014. . . fool me twice.  We ordered the *octopus, *beef stroganoff fries, *Chartreuse platter and *lamb lolipops. $49.00 later we are still hungry and not impressed. We were the only ones eating lunch there on a Friday afternoon at 12pm. Hmmm. ... 

PROS: The interior is awesome
             
CONS: Small portions - big prices
It all began 2 weeks ago, when dining at Forte for the 4th time.  We twice requested a change of music-- a loud, constant drone of a musician on the same note--but were told it can't happen because the owner makes the decision & she's not here.  The service that nite was spotty, despite their wait staff (as  usual) being in abundance.  And otherwise, the food was very good.

Since we had made plans w/friends for a 1st time at Forte, we four arrived at 6:30 on Sat. 7/20.  It was crowded & the same music was playing.  This time, despite plenty of wait staff (& owner present), we waited over one (1) hour, and so did most everyone there.  A customer setting up for her friend's B.D. party w/balloons, told me they had requested the food be ready when 25 arrived for this celebration & was upset that at 8:00 when they began arriving, it was nowhere in sight.

To make matters worse:  Forte was out of a favorite beer, out of meatballs & out of the Polish sausage platter w/potatoes.  One friend rec'd. the wrong tapa plate.  One friend's goulash had an amazing amount of salt & was not edible.  My partner never rec'd. his coffee.  The staff did not handle any of this with aplomb, and by 7:30 most of us were uncomfortable because it seemed the A/C wasn't working.

Due to our complaining, espec. the hungrier we became, Forte picked  up our tab.  

This foodie has been called a glutton, but never a glutton for punishment !

K I K I
After many visits here I am thrilled to discover many delicious dishes from several regions around the world, along with a darn tasty spice blend, great atmosphere, and excellent service.

Everyone starts with house-made bread, the Bulgarian spice mix and olive oil.  The spice blend (15 herbs and spices) is for sale in cute jars for $6 each.  This is a great gift for friends or for yourself!  I have even used these spices to coat raw cashews (using coconut oil) which make for a great snack!

I have successfully shared the joy of Forte with friends, family, and other visitors alike, from vegetarian to carnivore.  Last night I learned that Forte could make Eric R. a fan of octopus, which he never enjoyed before.  My friends have really enjoyed the sausages made in house, but since I don't eat pork I am not able to tell you how they taste.

Dishes I have tried:
Shopska Salad: basic salad covered in shredded Bulgarian feta.  Tasty but simple.

Fetamelon Salad: special in spring 2014. Huge portion of watermelon squares, Bulgarian feta, mint, and chopped red onion.  Very refreshing but needs people for sharing!

Calamares Rellenos en su Tinto: Stuffed squid marinated in its own ink on Spanish herb rice. Room temperate squid, tasty and different.

Octopus in Olive Oil: super tender octopous on top of warm rice with green onions, served with lemon.  Truly outstanding though simple, converted a non-octopus eater.

Beef and Lamb Confit: beef and lamb that melts in the mouth cooked in its own juices and fat on top of the Uzbeki Plov rice - I ordered the rice dish separately once with a veg friend but just get it here.  The meat juices coat the rice, which has dried cranberry and cornichons.  Love this dish!

Adjarski Khachapurri: bread boat with cheese topped with raw egg at table that cooks on the bread because it is so hot.  This is very delicious but hard to split, so at most 2 people should share one or it loses the fun.  Sooooo delicious.

Thracian Clay Pot: Peppers, tomato, onion, feta, and egg baked together (with sausage typically but I ordered one without, no problem).  Served in a beautiful traditional pot, though all serveware is Bulgarian.  This is topped with a serrano pepper for some nice heat!

Stuffed grape leaves: meat-filled and served warm with a delicious dill yogurt sauce.  Dip the homemade bread in the sauce after the dolmas are gone!

Beef stroganoff ragu: wild mushroom dumplings topped with a beef strogranoff ragu is one of Eric R.'s faves (he loves stroganoff in general).  Very rich sauce.

Vareniki: my favorite simple housemade dumplings stuffed with potato, topped with fried diced onions.  So good it converted 2 non-potato eaters!

Biscuit cake: dessert for David S.'s birthday.  Honey biscuits, mascarpone, walnuts, chocolate - tasty!  I would rather eat more savory food than sweets though if I had the option! :)

There is more for me to try but I never leave without flavors dancing in my palate.
Thanks DDD for bringing this restaurant into the spotlight! It has old-warm charm and delicious food that keeps bringing me back.

The bread and olive oil is a great starter; the fries with feta are delish, but I love the crusty pastry with the egg and cheese filling best-Adjarski Khachapurri. It's like the most wonderful personal fondue.

Oddly enough- the truffled mashed potatoes are also out of this world.

The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the charred onions on the pierogis- I love onions but these were a little too burnt each time I ordered the dish.
This is primarily a Bulgarian restaurant though menu items include tapas and entrees from much of eastern Europe.  We started off by sharing a Mediterranean salad  - tomatoes, cukes, olives, peppers, basil, parsley, mint and a drizzle of Spanish olive oil. Our first entree was the Thracin Clay Pot - a Bulgarian specialty of tomatoes, peppers, onion, feta cheese, charcuterie and egg.  Our second entree was Hungarian Goulash over mashed potatoes.  To wash down this feast, we ordered small (who knew?) glasses of Zagorka beer that were flat.  My wife was unable to restrain herself so we closed out the meal with a biscuit cake (similar to tiramisu).  Standouts were the goulash and biscuit cake though everything except the beer was very good.
5 of us met again to try a new restaurant and try different food.  I have had Forte bookmarked for about 2 years but I never seemed to think of this place.  

We were seated at two high top tables right as you come in the door.  While we were looking at the menu and talking about other things, we were approached for our order.  We asked her to wait awhile as we kept studying what we wanted.

We were soon brought some bread.  They were large round puffs larger and flatter than a doughnut.  There was olive oil on the table and we pulled pieces off the bread to dip in the oil.  It was good.

Our things started coming out.  The first plate was a shared Spanish "nacho" platter.  It consisted of some chips with thin chorizo slices and topped with a tasty truffle salsa.

We were brought two orders of meat pies that were also good.  Next came a dish stuffed baby squid served over Spanish herb rice.  

We also ordered each of their specialty breads--a feta cheese stuffed filo dough round and Adjarski Khachapurri, described as traditional Georgian boat shaped bread filled with two types of Georgian styled pickled cheeses and a cracked egg mixed on top (after our photos).  Both were good breads.  It was difficult cutting the Georgian bread with the egg but we managed to mangle it enough that everyone got a chance to try some.  The filo round was easy.  All we had to do was pull a piece of the roll off and dip it in the sour cream if we wanted.  The bread was brought straight from the oven because it was extremely hot.

We had two orders of almond stuffed bacon wrapped dates with a sherry reduction.  The dates were OK but I thought they were cooked a bit too much.

Next came some Easter or spring lamb with some mashed potatoes and some salad.  I didn't think the lamb had much of the lamb flavor I was expecting and it was in a dark sauce.  I guess I'm too used to having lamb rare and not done in a stew manner.  It was extremely tender.

We closed out this part of lunch with the Thracian clay pot described on the menu as a "traditional Bulgarian specialty of tomatoes, peppers, onion, feta, Bulgarian style charcuterie, and egg baked in a Bulgarian clay pot.  For me, this was the stand out of our lunch.  it had lots of flavor.  I used some of the spice on the table to give it some extra flavor.  On the table was a spice boat with a small wooden spoon.  The woman told us that it was a mixture of 40 spices with cumin, garlic, salt, and.....  We didn't ask her to continue.

Then dessert was ordered.  We got some baklava and their biscuit cake.  The biscuit cake was the star!  The menu describes it as "decadent cake layered with honey biscuits, mascarpone, rich chocolate, Lavazza espresso, and a kick of spiced rum topped with walnuts and more chocolate.  Need I write any more?  The baklava was not like I'm used to in how it's made but it was OK.

I thought the food was pretty good.  I wanted to give the place more stars but the part that held me back was the service.  We had asked at the start not to bring all the dishes out but they just kept coming--not all at once--but close enough together that there wasn't a chance to rest a bit between tastings.  The number of plates and fitting them on our two tables became a bit of an issue.  Instead of giving us clean plates periodically, we had the same ones until the main courses were completed.  We got clean plates for dessert.  We also had to ask twice to get more water.  For such a small place with two servers at least, things should have been done better.  

I might go back to try one of the other main dishes.  And of course, getting some more biscuit cake should always be foremost in my mind.

As always, good company made lunch a much better time!
Items Selected:
Thick Pita - served with olive oil
Spanish chorizo chips con salsa tartufada
Chebureki - Georgian style deep fried beef dumplings
Marcona Almond Stuffed Dates wrapped in bacon and topped with Jerez Sherry Reduction
Calamares rellenos en su tinta - stuffed baby squid marinated and served in their own ink over Spanish herb rice
Adjarski Khachapurri - Georgian boat shaped bread filled with picked cheese and a cracked egg
Bulgarian Easter lamb with spring salad, arugula mashed potatoes, lamb jus
Sofiiska baniza - Feta cheese rolled in hand made phyllo dough and baked
Thracian Clay Pot - Bulgarian-style charcuterie, egg, tomatoes, peppers, onion, feta baked in a clay pot
Biscuit Cake - honey biscuits, mascarpone, chocolate, Lavazza Espresso, spiced rum, walnuts
Baklava - Walnuts and lemon honey syrup

Literally hidden by a gated patio in a strip-mall on Rainbow but featured in numerous publications as well as 'Diners, Dives, and Drive-Ins" Forte European Tapas had been of interest to me even before moving to Las Vegas and recently opting to open its full menu for lunch a visit was planned - six persons cramming into a small high-top near the front door for a multi-course meal marred by hassled service and uneven culinary techniques throughout.  Small in size and kitsch in dcor with heavy woods accented by posters, graffiti, and Christmas lights as American pop played overhead it was less than sixty-seconds after the final member of our party arrived that orders were requested and having twice deferred only to be given the first of two strainers of warm bread a somewhat rushed order was placed with a request for items to be appropriately paced - a concept that, along with beverage refills, proved as foreign as the food with the table soon overburdened and serviceware for sharing few and far between.  Opting for specials and staples from diverse regions including Spain, Greece, and nations of the former Soviet Union it was with oddly 'truffled' store-bought potato chips mixed with dry chorizo that our tasting began and rolling next into the duo of oily Chebureki and overcooked dates propped up by an outstanding sherry reduction it was with good fortune that the meal would soon improve, the tender whole squid restuffed with their tentacles and cooked in ink subtly sweet over aromatic rice.  Left precious seconds to digest and discuss a second wave of food soon smothered the table once more and finding far more success than round one both of the breads proved superlative with big flavor and a pleasant degree of grassy funk that I only wish had been present in the tender but flavorless lamb, a 'special' by title only and completely forgotten compared to the bombastic mlange of meat, cheese, and vegetal aromatics contained in the clay pot.  At this point sated but happy to finish with something sweet, two-parts each of baklava and biscuit cake rounded out the afternoon with the former benefitted not by lemon nor liberally applied simple syrup while the latter proved exquisite; a delicate balance of crunch and cream with mild sweetness harkening tiramisu but dressed up with honey and nuts that were perhaps stolen from the baklava and used here to better effect.
If you saw Forte on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives just know it is everything you would hope it is. Do not leave Vegas without visiting Forte.
The food was really good, but the service was pretty terrible.  We'll go back again for a second try.  The Bulgarian mixed grill was awesome.  The beef and lamb confit was spectacular.  I also enjoyed the dates wrapped in bacon.  the prices are very reasonable.  Atmosphere a little loud and it's more of a bar than a restaurant.  The food was so great that I am willing to overlook any of the other issues.  The biscuit cake was sort of like terramisu and tasted really good.
I was invited along with a group of a friend's friends... and I had eaten earlier in the evening, so I wasn't in full restaurant exploration mode, but still, even from the few things I nibbled on, I was impressed and am looking forward to a return trip.

Highlights for me were the Adjarski Khachapurri and stroganoff, though I didn't snag a bite of anything that was less than tasty.

Also, I was enchanted by the painted glass my cocktail arrived in, it was deemed instagram worthy! After checking out their website, it seems it was painted by the owner herself, which between that and her "punking" of Guy Fieri (also viewable on the website) leads me to believe she's a pretty neat lady.

Can't wait to go back with an empty stomach and an eager dining companion.
I arrived at Forte with high expectations after reading all the rave reviews from Yelpers I admire. The seating we chose wasn't the best, since the chairs weren't comfortable and the table too high. What we won't sacrifice for good lighting for our food pictures. 

With a semi-large group of diners, we were able to sample a good number of menu items. We started with the house pita bread, which I didn't love. A little on the doughy side for my taste. We decided on a good sampling from the options on the menu and waited with anticipation. 

As others have noted, the timing of our food didn't come out as spaced out as we would have liked and refills came only after a few reminders, I still enjoyed quite a bit about our meal here. 

My favorites from lunch were the Calamares rellenos en su tinta, Thracian clay pot, sofiiska baniza, Chebureki and Adjarski khachapurri. I would return for any of these menu items in a heartbeat. My least favorite parts of the meal were the sugary sweet and drippy baklava, the overcooked and overly sweet almond stuffed dates and uninventive and incrediby generic-tasting Spanish chorizo chips. The Bulgarian lamb was just ok, I can't see myself ordering this again and the biscuit cake, although a favorite at our table was a little too dense and sweet-tasting for my particular palate. 

I was on the fence on how many stars to give Forte, debating between 3 and 4 stars. Based on the number of items we ordered, I notice that the ones I didn't like outnumbered those that I did enjoy, but I would return to enjoy those few items I loved alone.
I've never really eaten European food before, but after seeing this featured on TV me and my bf wanted to give it a try. We were so pleased with the food and we will definitely come back again
The mix grill is phenomanal, has to try! Lutenitza with feta is also a must from the appetizers. Home made bread with olive oil and traditional spice mix. I'm loosing my mind. This place is unbelievable. If you are going to Vegas you MUST stop to try it at least once !!!!!!!
Really good unique dishes and friendly staff. Very cozy inside too. I went with a friend and ordered several items from the menu. Everything was great.
Went here again while on a business trip. I dropped a star because, although the food is tasty and exotic, the serving sizes are too small for the price. Didn't really notice last time cuz we ordered multiple items and shared family style. I would still say that I haven't eaten anything I haven't liked yet.
The Russian food was great. I got the borscht soup and pelmenis. The pelmenis were similar to the ones I've had made by a Russian friend of mine. The mixed drinks were good but a bit on the weak side. Servers were nice. Service was a bit slow but it had a nice ambiance so it was nice to just sit and drink. Will go back and try some of the other specialty items.
Best hole in the wall in Vegas I have found. Great Beer, Great Service, and Great Food.

This is a must stop! My favorite item was the lentil soup which was super flavorful and creamy. The beer the server recommended was one of the best lagers I have ever had.

For desert we ordered this tiramisu wannabe dish that was super delicious.
I must have tried half the menu on my visit to Forte. It felt like every single dish was better than the last. The charcuterie plate, stuffed sweet peppers, and stroganoff ragu were all over the top. Service is excellent, atmosphere is fun and intimate, and all at a great value. Would love to go back when they have live music. A gem.
I was out with my 13 year old son and we were hungry.  I was in an unknown area so I turned to yelp.  One of the top ranked spots was a Bulgarian restaurant named Forte that I had just seen on Guy Fieri's DDD...so we gave it a try.

Don't let the plaza keep you from trying this place.  It's in a predominantly Hispanic plaza anchored by a Mexican market.  My son thought I was joking when I pulled in.  However, the restaurant inside was quite nice.  It felt like a funky restaurant that you would find in San Francisco.  Cool colors, cool posters, and a good mix of deep house music playing on the speakers.  

Once we walked in we were greeted by some beautiful servers in tight black striped dresses.  Behind the bar was the even more beautiful owner that I saw on TV.  She was charming and I told her that we were there because the show.  

We sat down and our server (I think her name was Nataliya) brought us a loaf of homemade bread and water in a recycled bottle of vodka.  She instructed us to dip the bread in olive oil with an optional mix of Bulgarian spices.  Delicious.  

We happened to be there in the last hour of happy hour so I ordered their Angry Lemonade (delicious cocktail with lemon juice, mint, vodka, and a sprig of rosemary).   They serve this in an attractive copper mug.  

My son ordered a sprite but the nice touch was the carafe of sprite that they left for refills.  

As I said, we were hungry so we ordered the Bulgarian mixed grill, garlic fries, Serrano & Arugula pizza, and Gambas Al Ajillo (delicious shrimp sauted with garlic, white wine, and other herbs).   

I was a little disappointed that the fries came first, but they were delicious.  They looked like McDonald's fries covered with herbs and garlic.  Only $5.

The shrimp came next and these were unbelievable.  It was so good that we immediately ordered another.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the white wine sauce was so good that we asked for another loaf of bread so we could dip it.  Only $7.

The pizza was mediocre.  Generous amount of Serrano and arugula...possibly too generous because it was a bit salty.  The texture made it tough to eat.  I don't think it was cooked long enough.  The dough was soft and the pizza was a bit runny.  We are less than half of this and took the rest home.  

The mixed grill was as delicious as we saw on TV.  Homemade sausages grilled with an delicious bean relish and this tomato sauce.   Only $11 for this plate.  Wow!!

Service was excellent.  The food was delicious and very reasonable.  The ambience was hip.  This is clearly a restaurant that is well-run with attentive owner-operators.  

We will be back with the rest of the family.  I would return to the bar for the beautiful servers.  They were hot!!
Every time I go here I am impressed.  From the helpful and cheerful staff to the amazing foods and homemade alcohol infusions to the live music and eclectic people watching.  I have enjoyed every single item I have tried off the menu and that has been ample in the many visits, it's just done right every time.  I look forward to friends and family visiting the area because this is always a stop I look forward to making with them!
Wow- a pleasant surprise.  I got in to Vegas late one night and managed to miss lunch and dinner on my way.  So, I was pretty hungry by the time I got to Forte late at night.

I got the stroganoff fries and the mixed grill.  The fries were great and the mixed grill was quite satisfying.  It comes with a number of side sauces and salads that I can't identify but were very tasty.  

This location is in a strip mall but the inside is very cool and comfortable.  Prices are very reasonable compared to the high quality of food.  I would definitely come back!

The atmosphere is very relaxed and I would definitely come back here with friends.
I'd seen Forte a million times, its in the same strip mall as two of the stores I shop at frequently.  The other night, my fella and I took a walk up to La Bonita, and decided that we would have date night at Forte on Saturday night.

We arrived at about 9:00pm, and walked in, not really knowing if they were open or not, as there were two people out on their patio, but there wasn't an "open" sign or anything.

Luckily, they were still open, and the kitchen was working until 10 pm.  
We were seated, and one of the girls brought over two glasses and water...in an old vodka bottle!  How fun. 

We were given some bread with Bulgarian spices and olive oil...this was delicious. the bread was crispy on the outside, and super soft on the inside...I really need to learn to make bread like this!!

We chose:
Marcona Almond Stuffed dates, wrapped in bacon: These were tasty.  Granted, I was comparing them to the other tapas place that shall not be named and has been shut down, because THOSE were always amazing...I found these to be not quite on par, but still enjoyable.  

Gambas Al Ajillo: Shrimp sauteed with garlic, white wine and spanish olive oil.  This was good, but a little disappointing in the size.  $6.99 for 5 TINY shrimp.  Now, the flavor was good.  Really good actually...so good we took the bread and sopped up the "sauce" that was left over.  But...at $1.40 per shrimp, I want the shrimp to be a little bigger, even if there aren't as many.  I would have been fine with 4 larger shrimp, not even jumbo.  

Lamb Ragu served over polenta:  I wish I remembered all the details of this special (not on their regular menu)...there was this cheese that they served over it...oh my stars it was delicious. I'm picky about lamb, and this was cooked very well.  There were a few pieces that seemed a little fatty for my taste, but all in all, this was a good dish.  I enjoyed the polenta, never having had it before, and thought that it worked really well with the lamb and herbs.  A winner.

We also have a glass of refreshing sangria.  At $5 a glass or $23 for a pitcher, this was a good choice.  We only had a glass a piece, but I would definitely drink it again. 

Service was friendly, but a little slow.  It took a while for someone to come take our order, and to bring the check, but the food came out in a timely fashion, and we were really not in a hurry, so it wasn't awful.  I'd honestly like to either have the servers speak up just a touch, or turn the music down a little...it wasn't overly loud by any means, but one of the girls that was taking care of us was very soft spoken, so it was hard to hear her over the music.

I love the decor.  It fits very will with the name:  Forte, in musical terms, means "loud or strong."   The decor itself is very loud, and very artsy.  They also had a guitar player/singer who played some soft dining music while we were there.  That was fun.

All in all, I really enjoyed my visit to Forte.  I definitely plan to go back and try some more things from the menu, and maybe have a mojito next time!
I absolutely love this place! The Easter lamb, the Kachapurri, Thracian clay pot are favorites. Great wine selection and cool atmosphere. This is one of my regular places and has been for the last year. Highly recommended!
Bomb food don't know much about Eastern Europe but I know they eat damn tasty viddles. Clay pot was so good worth the wait both the Serbian and Bulgarian mixed grill are must try's.
We had been here on two occasions and were ok with the experience and food.  Service was always slow they seemed under staffed but the flavors and food seemed worth the wait.  So much so, that we invited friends to join us for an early Saturday evening meal.  When we arrived the hostess was visibly upset we were there and said, "You have reservation?"  We said no and that if there were fully booked that was ok we could go elsewhere.  We weren't upset just confused the place had only one couple sitting there and it was 4:30pm.  We assumed maybe they were expecting a large party.  The hostess asked another girl about seating us and both rolled their eyes and acted like they were doing us a favor finding a table.  No greeting, no customer service, just attitude.  It was disappointing.  I get it, it's a European feel and they were on the Food Channel, but don't let it go to your heads folks, this is Vegas and there are plenty of fish in the sea so to speak.  If this was all that occurred I would have been more generous with my rating but it got worse.  We ordered simple items, lentil soups and salads that took 45 - 60 minutes to arrive.  My only item, lentil soup came 30 minutes after everyone else was served.  When we asked the hostess who was now our waitress about the wait on the soup she said it was on its way then waited 20 more minutes.  The soup arrived and tasted ok but wasn't as good as previous times.  It tasted a little strange but after the wait I was starving.  Later on our way home I felt sick and spent the better part of the my night in the bathroom.  The entire time we were there the place never had more than a few tables of people, so we never figured out what the challenge was with seating our small group of 5.

If you alright waiting an excessive amount of time for simple food, being disrespected by staff who present as having a chip on their shoulder, and spending your night sick to your stomach, enjoy Forte; otherwise I would recommend many of the other dining establishments in our fair city that value one's patronage and health.

If this were my hot spot, I would be looking in to hiring staff that value customers and ensure my staff prepare and serve my food in a timely manner.  After your location is on TV people have a certain expectation for service and if that is not met because you fail to have a consistent deliverable your establishment will not remain viable in our market.
I can't say enough good things about Forte. Went there tonight with my wife.  We both thought the food was great, service was great and the price of the meal was so reasonable.  Our waiter answered questions, made thoughtful recommendations, and was attentive to our needs.  We shared the bacon wrapped dates, a great cucumber, tomato feta salad, the clay pot dish and assortment of Bulgarian sausage.  The food was perfectly seasoned and very tasty.  It is well worth the cab ride to get off the strip and have a great ethnic meal.  Our whole meal only cost $35 and was just right for two.  We well definitely return when we are in Vegas and recommend it to friends and family.
Ambience, excellent food quality, and cheerful staff.  We arrive at 7:30 on Wed. night to be greeted with a smile and seated immediately with our reservation in a restaurant that was about half full.   First they bring out their homemade bread, to die for, with olive oil and Hungarian spices.  My wife and I are not big bread eaters, but this was sensational.


Like many others, I discovered them on triple D with Fieri.  So many things on the menu look great, but we went with the two highlighted on the show, the mixed grill and the Thracian clay pot.  If you are a pork lover ,this is your place!  All three items on the mixed Grill are prepared differently with unique taste and all were exceptional.  The clay pot with feta cheese, tomato peppers and more sliced pork covered with a baked egg was unbelievably good. The feta cheese took on a flavor I've never had and the tomato was cooked down to be cut with spoon but still have body and flavor.  We cleaned both plates.

At that point I asked for the check as we were trying to make a late show. In passing, my wife said it was my birthday. The hostess would not let us leave without boxing up a dessert to take with us. At no charge!  What an unexpected pleasure and it too was delicious later that night in our room!

You have to have an open mind for this is not your standard fare, but if you're willing to try something out of your comfort zone, it is well worth it!
I really liked this place.  It felt like we were in Eastern Europe.  The only thing missing was a hint of Drakkar Noir in the air.

We had the following items:
---  Cheese plate:  Four cheeses paired with pureed fruit and nuts.  
---  Mixed olive plate - just OK, got to be a bit much
---  Chorizo con vino - this was my favorite
---  Vareniki - dumplings - also very good

The service was quite good and I really loved the atmosphere.  There are a lot more items on the menu I'd like to try.

Give Forte a try if you want to have a unique (for Las Vegas) dining experience.
You must order the bacon-wrapped dates w blue cheese and almond. Great music, atmosphere and staff. Outside patio area when weather is nice. The chicken salad and the filet sliders are also a must at Firefly Sahara on the west side.  And of course, if you are thirsty, their mojitos and sangria will hit the spot.
I HATE GOING TO RESTAURANTS THAT MAKE ME FEEL LIKE I'M AT A CLUB BY BLASTING THEIR MUSIC SO LOUD THAT I CANNOT HEAR THE PERSON THAT I AM TRYING TO CONVERSE WITH!!!! OMG. It's the same story at the other location on Paradise which I used to visit quite frequently... By the end of the night I feel like I was lost my voice. Gah, minus 1-star for that. 

Their menu is pretty much the same, the waiter mentioned that they only changed the wine list but other than that, pretty much the same. I do have to mention that in the last year or so the size of the dishes seem to be shrinking but the prices are staying the same. Not too happy about that but whatever, the food is pretty good. 

We ordered: Gazpacho (Cold Soup), Albondigas (Meatballs), Pulpo Asado (Squid or Octopus, eh, something w/ tentacles), Lamb Skewers, Mango Mojito, and Tres Leches. All flavorful and full of goonie goodness! If you're not accustomed to cold soup, I really don't suggest the Gazpacho... I'm the only one out of my friends and family that like it LOL. 

Parking wasn't too bad, then again we lucked out since we found a spot right out front. 

RESERVATIONS, yes, I do suggest them. There were tons of people waiting and seemed a little annoyed when we were seated before them and they had been there way before us. Anyone that has eaten at Firefly, you know that there can be a 2 hr wait, so please, don't come without a reservation and definitely do NOT come hungry!
This place was AWESOME!  Great TAPAS and a really nice environment.   The only problem we had was not knowing when to stop ordering!  Well....that and we were slightly underdressed compared to the other clients.
The food was amazing! Great happy hour specials too. They just need to add more tables and more staff...then it will make the five star rating.
Love the first Firefly*, love this one too.  There are a few differences of course, but the food, drink and atmosphere are all great. 

Happy hour is nice, all drinks, not just 4-5 things like other places around.  All in all it's great, maybe better than the first just because I can drive home in minutes from here.

Welcome to the neighborhood Firefly!
I am a lover of the original Firefly (so much so that I was there 3  times in a week and a half recently)- so when I heard the new, much closer location in Summerlin was open- I brought my out of town guests here for some nibbles.

I used to visit this building years ago when it was Z Tejas, and the new decor is right in line with the Firefly brand. Love the painted walls and the layout is not too crowded and not as loud. I would suggest a long communal table- truly Spanish style!

Hostess I called was much friendlier and more helpful than original location, and we had no wait to be seated (a first!) The dinner rush was subsiding, as it was after 9pm, but a fair amount of tables were still there- only a few were empty.

We ordered all of our regular items and most were really good. There is always a learning curve at any new place, and I took that in to account in this review.

Garden Variety Salad- smaller than the original location and not as many "goodies" but still very edible!

Boquerones (Anchovy toast)- Good but bread not toasted- had to send back.  Beautiful presentation and this cook likes to use his sauce bottles;)

Artichoke toast- Bread not toasted (really? it's on the menu as toast) and there was a little push back from the waiter when I sent them back to be toasted. Oil and dressing were fanstastic on these- much more flavorful than the original!

Mac n Cheese- excellent!

Stuffed Chilis- Amazing and on par with the original location.

Staff
Waiter had too many tables and wasn't all that attentive. He wasn't as familiar with the menu as I would have hoped- but again, they just opened. Luckily for him, he had good support.

Busboy- AMAZING! If he wasn't trained at the original location, I would be surprised. He was very attentive and bent over backwards to make sure our meal was perfect after we sent back the toast(s).

Manager?- there was someone in a suit flittering around, not sure who he was, but he didn't stop and address the table- only the staff when we sent something back. Would have been nice for him to have received our feedback personally, not just from the staff. No harm done though, and I was glad to see someone was there.

Overall- I can't wait for this place to gain some more experience and really shine! I will go back, I did enjoy the meal and wine and wouldn't hesitate to send friends there, with the caveat that they are still working out the kinks.
This was our first time with tapas.  Didn't know it was really small appetizers.  I'm not sure if you just go there to hang out and snack as you would have to order several dishes to make a meal if you were really hungry. However, the food was some of the BEST we've had.  Very upscale little bites of heaven.  Which makes me torn if it's too expensive for 4 bites because the quality was just sooooo good.
I guess I could discount my rating by a half a star for having to drive around looking for parking...or parking across the street and walking in...but in all fairness it was a small price to pay for the rest of the evening.  I arrived with nine good friends...yes, I had a reservation...still had to wait about 30 minutes since all the tables were full and no one was leaving...even the manager seemed perplexed on how to solve that in a positive customer service way.  Luckily, we were served our first round of sangria which made the wait pass quickly.

The food, was...according to myself and most of the group..."a 12 on a 1-10 scale.  In all fairness, there were a few dishes...when you have that many people you get to try a lot of things (one of the great things about this style of dining)...that weren't finished when we asked they be taken away to make more room for the new items coming out.

As this was a first for most of the group, I could sense their concern at having enough to eat if you aren't familiar with tapas.  By the end of the evening all concerns taken care of.

The staff...some of which were noticeably new...did a great job with a large group.

I will be a regular customer every trip to Las Vegas...
The Skinny: affordable fusion-Spanish tapas with some hits and misses (3.5), service: not as prompt as the Paradise locations - then again, we went when the place wasn't official open, lol! (3), value: for what it is, it isn't a bad place to hang out and nibble on some snacks. I have to say though - the chocolate tres leches is to die for! (3.5)

My hubby and I came with a group of friends to enjoy Firefly two weeks prior to the official opening date. I have to say - the place was pretty hopping from the get go and we got the feeling that the staff wasn't quite ready for it (ie, long waits for drinks, lengthy time between dishes). Seeing at how the Paradise location operates, I'm sure once their open for good, the service will be brisk and efficient.

The beauty of tapas is that you can try a little bit of everything - sorta family style. We were enthused that we now had a location so close to our neighbourhood.

So we ordered the thai beef salad, the chicken salad, the ahi tuna tartare, meatballs, filet mignon sliders, diablo shrimp, some skewers (steak and mushroom, chicken), crispy duck rolls, and the grilled Merguez sausage.

Overall - I have to say that the dishes were only so-so - nothing terribly exciting and would generally rate a 3 stars. The food was generally seasoned well however were often times overpowered by a strong sauce (ex. meatballs, diablo shrimp). The proteins in general tended to be on the overcooked end of things (the Merguez and the skewers tended to be a trifle dry). And the Asian fusion dishes fell flat due to oversweetness in various sauces (not to mention the duck rolls weren't really that crisp).

The chicken salad for me was a big surprise because I thought it was going to be grilled chicken on top of salad topped with some sherry vinegar dressing. Nope - it's a creamy mayonaise chopped chicken concoction you normally get in between sandwiches... without the bread.  I couldn't even taste the grapes and there's virtually no lettuce at all on the plate. Would not recommend. 

I have to say this - if you're looking for a good tres leches cake, come to Firefly. My favourite thing on the menu by a long shot. The cake soaked in milk is perfect for when you have the doldrums - a nice chocolate sponge drenched in milk - yum! A definite pick-me up. That alone is a 4 star dish.

Given these factors, I'd say Firefly deserves a 3.5 star review.
Wow...great place. Just came for "linner". Best tapas I've had.  Definitely try the stuffed dates!! Even if you hate dates. You'll never know
I was in Las Vegas on a business trip and was invited to dinner at the Firefly (it's always nice to get away from the strip) and I was not sure what to expect but I was in a group of 9 so I thought that even if the food was bad (I am a big foodie/wine guy) the company I was with would make it fun. We had a BLAST.  The food was delicious, fun and creative (yes it is not one of the so called foo foo 5 star digs on the strip)but this a truly a hopping place where it seems you could have a intimate diner with someone special, hang out with your pals at the bar or have a party on the patio(thats where we were). The service was as good as the food and they seemed to be spot on, they were like a machine. The wine list is very varied they had some "fine wines". Also save room for desert, great also. Yes it's a ways "out there" but thats why Ford invented the car! The biggest problem I had was that I have to wait until I get back to L.V. to try it again.  
Fun! Fun! Fun!
Thanks
I'm a sucker for Mac and cheese. Anywhere I eat, if it's on the menu, I'm trying it. Pretty Tasterrific(Tasty & terrific combined). In case you didn't catch that. 

Mediocre service, everything we ordered was outstanding.

Unfortunately, the acoustics are great for choirs, but not for 30 people trying to have a conversation in one building.  It sounds like wall street meets press conference room with delicious tapas.

Me and the boy were trying to have a decent convo in the lower part of the restaurant away from the bar. But the loudness just kept resonating. It kinda contrasts from the romantic candlelit dinner.

Fortunately there's a firefly much closer to home.
Apparently this is a very popular spot in town.  It was jam packed when we got there on  Friday night ~ 7:30 pm - prime time for dinner so we had to wait for ~ 40 min on a Friday nite for a table for 2.  Drinks & food were good and they've got pretty fast service.  The staff were always circling around taking empty plates, glasses of our table. Prices are also very reasonable as well.  Definitely will come back next time we're in town
Party of 12 please...

We had a huge group and arriving to firefly was a hassle. Most taxi companies allow 4-5 people per car, so we drove in style... Party of 12 in a nice stretch out hummer. The driver was cool asking us what kind of music we like. We dance in our limo ride to firefly and was it fun!! 

The ambiance of the restaurant is dim makes it romantic. LOL. Service was good.

Anyways back to firefly....I'd recommend making reservations for big groups and in general so you wouldnt have to wait that long. We had a prefixe menu so we had a variety of appetizers and 3 desserts.

A must try items...
Ceviche of shrimp - Delicious but has a lot of lemon juice.

Stuffed dates - Bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese. Delicious but not a fan of blue cheese.

Patatas bravas - love how the spicy aioli is smothered on the potatoes. Not too spicy.

Mushroom tart - Delicious mushroom tart especially the cheese!!

Filet mignon sliders - These sliders was delicious!! especially the fried onions on the side..

Babyback ribs - sweet and smoky yum!!!

Fried calamari - Love the dipping sauce mildly spicy yum!!

Crispy duck rolls - Delicious, savory egg roll. 

and for Dessert we got offered a dessert platter of Flan- rich and creamy. Cheesecake and chocolate tres leches cake yum!! And the Lemon-berry tart - a little bit tart.
How can I not give Firefly 5 stars?  Same great food we've all had a million times at the Paradise location, but sooooo much closer to my house.  No wait to get a table, and the food came out super quick.  We tried a few new dishes, and they were really good.  Old ones were great, too.  Will do my best to not become a total regular here, lol.
I've been a huge fan of the location on Paradise -- it's my go-to place whenever I have friends here from out of town.  It's got a good vibe and a "locals" feel to it.  But the best thing in my opinion is the sangria.  That's why I'm thrilled about this new location --- it's within walking distance for me!

I will admit it, I'm a girly-girl.  That's why I like the sangria.  It's light and fruity and tastes good.  But the other thing is the price.  You can get a glass for $6, a pitcher for $24.  And if you go during happy hour (3- 6 pm, weekdays), drinks are half-price!  That means you can get a pitcher for less than the price of one drink at many Las Vegas establishments.  

The food is an issue for some people -- it's hard to know how many tapas to get, especially if you're hungry or if you're planning on drinking and need something in your stomach.  That's why I think it works best to go with a group of people and split a number of dishes.  

That being said, I think everything on the menu is good.  I've never liked dates before, but the ones here are fantastic.  I'd never tried octopus before, but I get that here on a regular basis.  The mac & cheese is good, especially if there are vegetarians in your party. 

As for service, I've had both good and bad here.  It depends on the time of day and how busy the restaurant is.  I've been at 3 pm, right when happy hour starts and it's usually fine.  So I plan on being there at that time on a regular basis.  And yes, I'm going to walk so I can have as much sangria as I want!
Use any excuse to check out the new Firefly on Sahara in Summerlin.  It's a larger space than the one on Paradise and I think it's great for kids.  
I came here for lunch to meet up with an old friend at noon and right before the lunch crowd started to come through... it never got to full capacity but it did get pretty busy.  Service was good, but you can tell the hostess and wait staff were still tryin to get the feel on how to best service the guests (asking every 5 minutes if were ok and if we needed anything)...

Since there was only two of us, we shared 4 dishes.  We ordered the babyback ribs, mac n cheese, thai beef salad, and terra y mare skewers.  I thought it wasn't going to be enough for us but it was just right.  Every dish was so good - just like on Paradise.  It was my first time having the mac n cheese and it had really good flavor.  The Terra y Mare (filet mignon steak, shrimp, chorizo) skewers i felt were a just a lil overcooked but all else was great and pretty much melted in your mouth.
Can't wait to go back!
Thank you God for letting us arrive at Firefly Tapas Kitchen and Bar.  I couldn't be more than thankful to leave the bar we were just at.  It's definitely a nice change of pace.  As soon as my friends and I arrived, I gave my boss's name and they advised us it could be about thirty minutes wait.  That was fine by me since I was still a little bit tipsy from the drinks I had at the other bar.

I decided to use the ladies room to freshen up, and they really keep that up.  It was one of the cleanest restrooms I've seen in a while.  It might just be because I was a little buzzed and when I'm in that state, I am normally biased in a positive way.  As soon as I got out, not more than five minutes after we got seated.  The hostess was super sweet enough to seat us outside where it was away from all the noise of the inside.  Seemed like people there can't hear each other well since they seem to yell at one another while in conversation.

I've been to the Firefly on Paradise Road and found that really great.  It's one of my most favorite restaurants to take my friends to when they're in town or if there's an occasion to celebrate.  I'm really glad they made one on the west side of town and a good one at that.  

As soon as we were seated, we were served with bread and butter and olives.  Mmmmm... olives.  I love olives and these olives were so yummy too.  The bread wasn't old and had the right texture, and combined with the butter was just oober delish.  It was time to order and considering I wasn't in the right mind to order, my boss ordered for me.  :D  I'm not very picky so anything would do.  I love to try different kinds of food.  I guess that's a great thing about me.  My tummy is easy to please.  

My friends ordered as follows: (Oh and I remember because it's food.  When it comes to food, I have a sharp memory.  Don't ask.)

Firefly*fries  [parmesan, herbs, aioli]
I close my eyes and remember these are the best fries I've ever had.  I keep forgetting to take a mental note of what they put in this so I can make it myself at home.  Luckily, I can just remember this review and make my own.  :)  The combination of the cheese, herbs, and aioli definitely work well together.

Empanada  [pastry stuffed w/roast pork, red pepper, w/salad, aioli]
This was delicious.  However, I think that Filipinos make the best empanada's.  This has a whirlwind of flavors.  I'm still impressed.

Lamb chops [2 chops, red wine reduction, sauted lentils & julienne vegetables.
I love lamb when it's prepared correctly and they did a fine job getting all the flavors together.  I didn't taste any of that weird lamb after taste.  Thank goodness because I would've spat it out on the floor, or to not be overly dramatic, just close my eyes swallow it and drink the whole jug of mojitos on the table.

Plate of Serrano ham, Manchego cheese  [grilled bread & garnishes]
I loved this one too.  It definitely goes well with a tipsy body.  I think this is what helped me sober up a little.  Or it could be the combination of all the food on the table.

Albondigas  [meatballs in sherry tomato sauce, parmesan]
I will definitely order this one again.  I love meatballs and the cook was definitely happy that night when they prepared it.  The flavors definitely played with  my tastebuds and was happy with it.

Pomegranate Flavored Mojitos
I normally only like the regular way mojito is made, but the flavors of this was pretty decent.  No complaints to how this was made.  I was thinking keep them coming.  But I know I would've had to be carried out of the restaurant if I didn't stop drinking it.

I can't forget about our awesome waiter who was very attentive and on top of his game.  What ever my boss wanted, he was there to give it.  Could it be because he was under my boss's charmed spell.  She can be very bewitching and full of charm.  Or, it could just be because he's just that way with all his customers.  Great job Mr. Waiter!

My overall experience in Firefly was awesome!  My expectations of Firefly has always been high and they've always come through.  I hope everyone else has the same experience as I did.  I will go back again soon.
Fantastic food. I've eaten at the one on the eastside before... service was a little strange, but the waiter warmed up after a few pitchers of sangria... wait, that was us that were doing the drinking. Anyway.. loved everything we got! Especially the bacon wrapped dates. Yum. 

Would recommend for a date night out or a group of friends. But beware... it gets crowded and loud and stays that way the whole time!
Although I enjoy the view from the Firefly in the Plaza more, once you walk into the Firefly on Sahara in Summerlin the red hue makes you feel at home!  You must have the Red Sangria!  Out of all the tapas dishes you can choose from, the top 3 are the bacon wrapped dates, stuffed peppers, and the kobe beef sliders!
Always terrific tapas with great service!  Note: they do not take reservations on weekends.  Kind of a pain in the ass when you have 8 people. However, they let us take over a table for a 8pm reservation (apparently you can get them if you are willing to pay $55/person or have a friend that works there) as long as we were gone by then.  Turns out the 8pm reservation were friends of ours.  How funny!

The red sangria was awesome and they kept it flowing.  Good local Summerlin place to celebrate that doesn't close at 9pm.
awesome place for happy hour! all the drinks were half off including pitchers. came after work with all my co-workers. ordered pitchers of white sangria, passion fruit mojito, and paradise mojitos. the paradise mojito was not my fav...it tasted like a big glass of coconut malibu. we also ordered a bunch of tapas...some stand outs were the diablo shrimp, sliders, bacon wrapped dates, chorizo and clams, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, and the firefly fries. honestly, all the food was excellent! minus one star for service...our waitress was nice but not that attentive. yea it was busy, but it would have been nice if she checked on us more often. all in all i would love to come back. =)
On a very wintery day, i gotta say how much i dig the huge fireplace. 

Our server was chill, very anti-typical server- meaning she had her own hippie, unique lingo. "wanna start with some drinkage?" i imagine that's who she is outside the walls of Firefly. 

Speaking of Firefly, here's what we ordered: of course the Mt. Everest of firefly fries, very garlicy, make sure you bring your stash of gum for later. 

I ordered the 4 ounce Petite filet medium well, nicely seared but on one side a little bit burned, I'm assuming from the red wine. Next time I'll order it medium for more juiciness. But allow me to say this $10 item was worth every penny. Besides its simply beautylicous presentation, it came with a good amount of roasted potatoes and mushrooms. I should've stopped there. 

But I also had veggie empanadas to balance my diet. Packed with spinach. It's like popeye making culinary art work. 

The fish sticks were ok. It was the crispy texture that made it fun to eat, but the spicy tarter sauce made it extra spesh.

i noticed how almost each dish was complemented with some kind of ruffage (crisp romaine or arugula).

Fast forward to dessert. Their bread cherry pudding topped with vanilla ice cream. What A close.

As far as service, the great chemistry between our server and busser made our experience smooth.
Always great food at Firefly!!  We had the best server her name is Mandy...she was awesome, great personality and good sense of humor... Hopefully she will be working the next time I'm there because she will be requested..cool girl!

Nothing bad to say!  I eaten at Firefly's numerous times over the years and I've never had a bad experience.  

Ask for Mandy if you dine there!
Went there tonight. Nice place. Food was excellent and that service at the bar was great.
Words cannot express how much I absolutely LOVE this place. I could eat everything off the menu and I'm pretty sure I will one day. The atmosphere, though a little loud, is quite coozy. 

If and when you go, get the mushroom tart. SO DELICIOUS and make sure you have plenty of napkins ready when you start glancing over the dessert menu, because you will drool a little, guaranteed. While on the topic of dessert, the chocolate cherry bread pudding is to.die.for. 

So in conclusion, amazing little snackies with mouthwatering desserts. AND GO!!
The food was good and this place might work its way to 4 stars eventually. But the service was spotty and I was only in love with half of what I had. Ham and Cheese Croqueta was great along with the Empanda. The dates and Tuna skewers skip.
We stopped in for lunch, and we were very happy. The food was very good and the wine was super. Prices were good, and the place had a very good vibe. The bacon figs were great, but the stuffed red peppers, well, the were even better. New lunch spot in The Sin..... Good work peeps.
I love the food and mojitos. The price is very affordable and the service is friendly.
Great place to go with a group-
A group of friends and I went to Firefly on Jan 15 2011 - It was a little wait but we went to the bar... The bartender was really cute and made a great white sangria... 
We had great service - 
We ordered:

A pitcher of Mojitos and a pitcher of White Sangria - excellent

 Chicken skewers
[marinated chicken, tomato, mushroom, roast garlic cream]
So good 

Stuffed dates
[bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese] when I had this at the location on Paradise wasn't that great, but at this location was the best 

Veggie empanada
[spinach, mushroom, artichoke, herbed cream cheese in pastry, red pepper aioli] - crispy little pies that taste so good

Firefly*fries
[parmesan, herbs, aioli] - really good

Mushroom tart
[puff pastry, boursin cheese] - you have to try this

Manchego mac 'n' cheese
[baked w/baby shells] - taste like mac n cheese but kicked up a little notch

Ham and cheese croquetas
[Serrano ham, Manchego cheese] - it was gone before it hit the table

 Lamb skewers
[marinated leg of lamb, tomato, red wine sauce] - if you like lamb this is the dish for you

Steak and mushroom skewers
[grilled filet, roast garlic cream, red wine reduction] - don't eat red meat but was told that this was so good

Fried calamari
[spicy gribiche dipping sauce]


Great experiences - Perfect for groups - great music too...
Crowded on a Thursday night, but not really worth the wait. We had fun, and the bar is decent, but the service was average (which for Vegas is code for "not great") and the food is fair. A few good tapas (I particularly liked the crispy duck egg-roll thing), most were only OK and not that special. Lots of Asian-fusion tapas, which sounds like it would be good, but it wasn't really (except the duck thing). I much would have preferred amazing Spanish dishes.

I also was a little surprised that the inside was almost exactly the same as the old Z Tejas, just a new paint job. I never liked the step-down dining room and I think a complete renovation of the space would have been better.

Quite frankly, the reason it was so crowded is because there's a dearth of places like it in or near Summerlin. Which made it fun to go to, but I'm not rushing back anytime soon.

B-
Everything about this face is fantastic!  As if you wouldn't be able to tell by the overtaken parking space and the long wait as you enter.  Every dish I have ever tried has been thoroughly enjoyable and their sangria is to DIE for!  Great place to go with friends to share multiple tapas and a pitcher of sangria.

Not only is their food and service impeccable, but the ambience is as well.  With a spanish flair mixed with modern lounge seating, anyone could see why this is such a hot-spot for first dates, mingling, or even late-night get togethers with friends.  Definitely a go-to place for any and all get togethers with out of town friends.
Saturday at about 8:00pm and the place was packed!  There was a 30 minute wait for a table - but any place with a bar makes the wait OK.  

The service was very good, which is hard to find in Las Vegas.  The place has a nice vibe going - good music too.

The tapas were all pretty pretty pretty good.  If I can remember them; spinach salad, dates/bacon, veg empanadas, grilled lamb, stuffed mushrooms, smoked salmon and eggplant.  One of those dishes was on a bed of lentils and that was very tasty.

There seemed to be a high ratio of nice looking ladies too - that seems to make the night a little better.
Tapas + Paella + Sangria = Recipe for a Successful Soire in Sin City.  Having said that, I did walk in with some level of expectation as I am a huge, huge fan of Spanish cuisine.

DECOR: Contemporary, Artsy, Tall ceiling created an open space feel while dimmed lighting dominated the entire venue, in fact, reading the menu was somewhat difficult but manageable, LCD TVs at the bar!

VIBE: Cool and Energetic, Loud music played throughout the Evening, Hustle and Bustle from the Staff

DRINKS: Red Sangria had that great balance of fruit and wine which resulted in a very tasty concoction you would expect, so good we ordered 2 pitchers! 

FOOD: The sweet, nutty ALMOND BUTTER that came with the COMPLIMENTARY bread was OUTSTANDING! 

**TAPAS- incredible flavors and texture for just about everything we ordered, from the FILET MIGNON to the Eggplant, the STEW with thin, Toasty Bread was delicious, the EMPANADAS came out crispy and full of porky flavors

**PAELLA- Packed with all sorts of MEAT and SEAFOOD, I could not find a single complaint about the tenderness and flavors of each element in that regard.  The RICH SAUCE that encompassed every single solid object in that sizzling, hot pan was very HEAVY but not overwhelming, the RICE was cooked PERFECTLY, however I typically prefer my rice to be fluffier but for an $18 Paella, it did its job, as far as I am concerned! 

SERVICE: The only complaint I have was it was somewhat slow at times when trying to get some attention for more bread or water or just ordering more food.  Our server was doing his best but I can sympathize with the overwhelming demand and service at this particular night.  We had to wait 40 minutes to finally get a table, so I can understand that, perhaps they were understaffed? 

Due to the quality and price of the food, I was able to overlook the slow service and grant Firefly it into my Vegas Hall of Fame!
I finally tried out the location closest to my work. We went shortly after they opened and the place wasn't busy at all. The service was excellent. Even walking to the bathroom every employee I passed said hello and smiled! We ordered the steamed mussels, the white anchovies on toast, the stuffed dates and ribs. Everything was on par with the quality and taste of the restaurant on Paradise, Delicious! I have to say though that the steamed mussels dish was literally half the size of the portion I got at the other location. 

I can't wait to come back for Happy Hour!
I absolutely love the Firefly on Paradise and I have a review of them up already. I was crazy excited that there was one now close to my house because this town spoils me to the point where I dread having to drive more than 10 minutes to have to do anything. So how does it stack up??

Initially, I was expecting the ambiance to not even come close to the Paradise location, and unfortunately I was right. It's not even close. But they do get props for a fireplace. Even though it was off to the side nowhere in sight while we were eating. It looks like a typical restaurant that you would find in this neighborhood. This strikes me more of a Firefly that people might bring their kids to, which I definitely wouldn't say about the Paradise spot. This may be due to the fact that I was there around lunch time. For some reason, the average decor takes a bit of the magic out of it all. I guess should I one day have kids, it will be nice to have both options.

The hostess was very friendly. The waiter on the other hand, was one of the crappiest waiters I have had. The guy reminded me of Andy Samberg, minus the personality. That part I don't really care about. I mean, you should be friendly in the service industry; but if you are a great waiter who is attentive, I can easily look past the lack of friendliness. This guy however never really checked on anything, filled drinks or saw if we needed anything at all.  It's like he disappeared and went to the gas station to play the machines and pick up a pack of smokes or something, while the busboy took care of everything. The busboy by the way was also pretty nice. It also came to the point where we had to ask the hostess to tell our waiter we were ready for our check. That's  just plain sad. Now I should note this was during lunch time. It's possible the other waiters during lunch and the nighttime staff are better, but that has yet to be seen.

The food was pleasantly similar to the paradise location. Not quite up to par but close enough I think. I definitely prefer the herb roasted chicken at the other location. And the menu appeared to be identical. 

I will say this, the Mojitos were a bit better here. I like that they don't crush up the mint where you wind up sucking mint particles up through the straw like the other one. Maybe it can be argued it's supposed to be like that, but in my crazy mind, this was the better version. I'm not usually much of a Mojito drinker but I'm always tempted to order them at Firefly. It kinda reminds me of Family Guy where Brian drinks a Mojito while he's on the dating show. "I don't think it's a gay drink. Mo-jiiiiito." Lol. My normal drink is a Jack and Coke, so it's one of the few times I actually branch out. 

So there's my overall assessment of Firefly on West Sahara. I will probably be back. Plus, if the service was an isolated incident, I'll probably be a regular.
Great food, amazing mojitos. Busy location. On a Friday or Saturday you better have reservations. The bar seating area is very noisy with a lot of people walking all around you. This location is best enjoyed midweek in the dining area. Can't think of a better place for a Tuesday date night.
The bacon wrapped dates and Sangria will change your life. Great vibe and lots going on. Usually pretty crowded but worth the wait. Not to mention they're very fairly priced. I will be back again to try more of their endless variety of tapas to choose from!
If you find this place, you're a foodie!!

First, this isn't on the strip, so there's no way you can find this place unless you do your research or know locals.

I enjoyed every bite from Ahi Tuna, Potatoes, to the MAC N CHEESE! amazing!!!! 

Prices were pretty cheap so, it's a plus!!!
Less touristy, more local. Great prices, siick menu. 

Olive tapenade, ahi tuna, crispy foie graus (cherry hoisin sauce) and blood orange mojitos are ethereal
The wife and I are first timers at Firefly. I have been to the one on Paradise before, but was only there for a short time and only had one thing to eat, so that really does not count. 

We were in the neighborhood and decided to give it a try as it was about 3pm on a Saturday and we new we would not have to wait. The place was about half full for being an off hour. We were seated right away and helped immediately. All of the staff we encountered were very helpful and very friendly. We didn't try the famous sangria this time (we've heard its incredible) as we just stuck to water. We ordered 5 different tapas and a dessert. We liked the selection of vegetarian tapas. Some tapas places have only a handful, but even after selecting 5 there are more that we can try on our next visit. Each one was quite delicious. My favorite was the stuffed red peppers. 

We finished off the lunch with the chocolate tres leches. Wow...that is one mighty fine tres leches. Very chocolaty but also pretty light. 

The price averaged out to about $5 per dish, which was pretty nice. 

We will definitely be back.
Having been a regular to Firefly's other location on Paradise, I found this additional location a treat and conveniently located near my office. The menu does not disappoint with its variety of delicious small dishes...be careful as your table will go crazy ordering different delightful temptations...tapas is intended to be shared! 

Some of the favorites that stand out include the curry chicken salad, the fresh ceviche and filet mignon sliders...(I'm getting hungry just writing this!) Many of the dishes are created daily in the restaurant to maintain the authenticity of the dishes. 

You will certainly be tempted with their "adult beverages" like their house-specialty Sangrias. They are marinated for three days and provide the perfect accompaniment to your meal. Try their delicious and fresh mojitos, brews on tap, and other signature cocktails.
most devine sangria! And their so *healthy* tapas are so delcious OMG i am getting my panties in a bunch just thinking of them!
The best!  They've worked out all the kinks that were present in the first weeks they opened....back to great food, great service.  The sparkling sangria is a MUST.
What a fascinating place... Coming from NY- I have to say the tapas portions are double the size and half the price I'm use to... Hurray!! My boyfriend and I had about 6 dishes and 4 would have been plenty...
 Had the spinach salad........ MMMMMMMMMMMM sooo good... then artichoke bread... pass, the lamb kebabs were the most amazing thing Ive ever put in my mouth... and the server assistant accidentally gave us another round.. Whoops! we kept our mouth shut... We also tried one of the salads, eh.. OK... nothing special... The fries are ridiculously huge... Definitely not Tapas! But the flavor was out of this world good... Parmesan and garlic. mmmmmmmmmm... don't wast your money on the fillet Mignon with potatoes.... it just didn't cut it ... Didn't get around to desserts because we were so stuffed!! Will definitely be going back again!!!!!
Love Firefly -- Food was great so was the service. The only thing that sucked was Happy hour in this venue was only for drinks and not food. But overall it was delish!
What can we say, we love this Vegas chain of fun and deliciousness. And how excited we we're when they opened up their Westside location. Whether it's the terra y mare, empanadas or the blood orange mojitos (best mojitos in town) this place never disappoints. Excellent customer service, great atmosphere and good eats and drinks is a recipe for always a good time.
This is the second Firefly location that I have visited. The first one was downtown which has a spectacular view but it's too hectic for me. When I go out to eat I like to relax and enjoy good conversation over tasty food. The Sahara location had music playing in the back round ....but it's not too loud. She Will Be Loved by Maroon 5 was on during the meal which helped me relax even more because I do like that song. 

The interior is done in a nice red and they have this huge fireplace that's on the left as you walk in. It gives off a homey feeling in a "From Dusk Till Dawn" kind of way. It's not because Selma Hayek comes out and dances with a big yellow snake either... I think it's because of the picture hanging above the fireplace. I didn't have my glasses on but it looked like a skeleton of a male Flamenco dancer. It just gave me that vibe but it was cool....I liked it. 

The service was very good and we didn't feel rushed even though they were closing in an hour. My husband and I ordered a couple of tapas to share. I started out with the Tomato Basil Soup that came with a mini grilled Brie sandwich. I'm sensitive to salt so it was a little too salty for me. My husband who is a bread and cheese lover didn't like the grilled sandwich so for us that was a miss. We also ordered a Beef Thai Salad which was delicious. The meat was very tender and had some kick to it! Our last non sweet dish was the Filet Mignon sliders. It had ham, crumples of cabrales cheese and onions on the side. The cheese had a very sharp taste but it was still very good. We polished off our mini meals with Banana Nutella Sandwiches per recommendation from our waiter. He knew what he was talking about! I wish I ordered it with some ice cold milk. 

I think this is a nice cozy place to grab a bite to eat whether you are on a date or hanging out with a bunch of friends.
Great for happy hour! Sangria is only $13 for an entire pitcher! Get the red it's so delicious.
Does Firefly need another shining review about how fabulous it is?? No, but I'm going to write one anyways :)  

I've been a fan of this place for years, and love their new Summerlin location because it's so close to my house.  It's always very busy and attracts a young, hip crowd.  Luckily we had a large group when we went last weekend, so we didn't have to wait for a table since they'd let us make a reservation in advance.

They have 3 sangrias on the menu (the white is my favorite!) and at $24 for a pitcher, it's a good deal since you'll easily get 6 glasses out of the pitcher (versus paying by the glass).

The impressive menu is loaded with hot and cold tapas, most of which are perfect for sharing.  The complimentary baguette toasts with almond butter are really good and addictive.  Menu favorites include the firefly fries (loaded with parmesan cheese), the bacon-wrapped dates (a delicious combo of salty and sweet), the baked tetilla (a cheesy baked fondue to dip bread in), the manchego mac n' cheese, albondigas (meatballs in tomato sauce) and the fried calamari.  I wasn't as fond of the tomato bread (it's served cold and I think it'd be way better warm) or veggie empanada (kind of bland).

Service here is usually pretty good and our servers were very attentive and constantly refilling our glasses with our sangria pitches and whatnot.  The food also came out very quickly despite the fact that we had a large group, which was great.

Anyways, if you haven't been to Firefly yet, you have to check it out -- you will be very glad you did! :)
We called and made reservations for dinner on a Saturday night around 6:00. I recommend making reservation because everyone is catching on how to how great this restaurant is and the I heard the wait got up to 45 minutes. 

Everything tastes great. My favorite was the Tierra y Mar. It is one of the most expensive tapas at $10, but it tastes great. It includes a few skewers with steak, chicken, sausage and shrimp. The best part was actually the green chile sauce on top. If I knew how good it was going to be, I would have asked for a side of it. 

After eating a few tapas and a basket of Firefly fries, it was time for dessert. We split the flan and chocolate tres leches cake. I have to say I have never seen chocolate tres leches cake, but what more could you ask for? It was really moist like all tres leches should be, but had a great chocolate taste. I hope I can find someone to make this in Houston. 

I was also a huge fan of their beer list which included Delirium Tremmens.  It has become more popular over the years, but it is still hard to find.
The bacon-wrapped dates are TDF. 

Im going to put this place on my STD.

You better RSVP cause this place is OTC (off the chain)
We tried out the new Firefly at Sahara on Friday night. Upon entering, the ambiance and atmosphere were great! We sat at a table in the bar/lounge area, right in the middle of the action, though I liked that there were a few different areas to sit in booths, or tables if you had a bigger group and wanted more of a "dinner" atmosphere. There is also an outside covered and screened in patio area that is smoke free. That will sure to be a hit in the warmer months.

The Tapas were great and reasonably priced. Our favorites were the bacon wrapped dates, and the filet mignon sliders. We also enjoyed a pitcher of the red sangria. Between the 3 of us it gave us about 3 glasses each. A perfect size pitcher. 

Our waiter was awesome! Very attentive and helpful. I asked for a shot that included something that he was unsure that they had from the kitchen, and with out delay, he arrived back at the table with what i had asked for. The bar staff was just as helpful. We asked him to make a specific drink, gave him the recipe, and he made the drink to perfection.  We left the table for a moment, and when  we came back, we were set with new plates and roll ups. That to me is great service.

I would definately recommend this spot for a first date, or if you are just looking for a good place to grab some apps (tapas) and drinks and mingle with friends.
Pretty cool date place. Lots of options and finger foods keep the atmosphere fun and relaxed.
Don't know what it is with any business that starts to expand, but once you open other locations around town, the quality of the food suffers. 

Perfect example is Firefly on Sahara. The only decent items we had were the olives and tomato butter you get in the beginning, and the Bacon wrapped dates.

We ordered the other following items which were a total failure in taste and execution:

Ceviche-totally overkilled with lime juice and you could hardly taste the fish, and where's the salt?

Boquerones- When I ordered these at the Paradise location, the bread was slightly toasted, the roasted pepper vinaigrette was full of flavor, and the Aioli was garlicky and creamy-this time, the bread wasn't even toasted, the pepper vinaigrette was barely noticeable, and the aioli was not only flavorless, but was also runny! Aioli does not run!!!

Mussels-Ever had mussel jerky? They do it very well here. My order was almost all shells. when I did find a mussel, it honestly was the size of a dime!(PLEASE SEE MY PICTURE!!!PLEASE!!!!) To the idiot who doesn't know how to cook mussels properly-They're done right when their shells open!!!!

Pulpo Asado-No charred,grilled taste whatsoever...more like stewed with peppers and sherry vinegar....wtf?????

Firefly Fries- we got these free because the table next to us that did order them already had their order. Cool! Right? WRONG!
drenched in that same tasteless aioli-YUCK!

So our waiter suggests the Chocolate Tres Leches and the Banana-Nutella Sandwiches......sandwiches were forgettable and the tres leches was a total mushy mess! You're better off going to Mariana's or Cardenas and getting the real deal Holyfield Tres Leches at a fraction of the cost.

Why all the 4 and 5 star reviews?????Like Flava Flav says, 
"Don't believe the hype!!!!"....ALOHA!!!!!
The atmosphere is incredible and the food is great. Small, bite size pieces of delishiness.....

Definitely try:

Apple/Manchengo salad - very refreshing
Smoked Salmon toasts
Ceviche of Shrimp - this was the best
Veggie Empanada
Roasted eggplant cannelloni
Stuffed peppers
Calamari - this is a huge plate)
Trio of gelato
Seriously....if you haven't been to a firefly yet, you've been living under a rock.  

Trendy, upbeat atmosphere coupled with tasty beverages and chic tapas style food makes this a winning hotspot.

Happy hour is awesome.  Food is normal prices but ALL drinks are 50% off! That's right! That means you can get a pitcher of sangria for $14 or a pitcher of mojitos for $15.  That could be the price of one glass elsewhere!  You can get a glass for $2.50 or a shot of infused tequila for the same price! Bananas!  Wines are priced low anyhow... $5 -12. But at 50% off, this is probably the best drink prices you'll find!

Went on a date with my hubs yesterday.  We shared a pitcher of white sangria which was zingy and refreshing.  We also had mussels.  They were served steamed to perfection in a spicy curry coconut broth with a baked baguette crusted with cheese.  Very good!  We also had the thai beef salad.  The flavor of pickled ginger is overwhelming; however, I love that flavor so its fine by me.  The bacon wrapped dates are a winner too.  They are crispy and hot and served with a stinky blue cheese and an incredible red wine sauce.  Ask for extra bread to soak up the sauce and they will gladly bring it to you.  

Firefly is always good; however, if youve been as many time as I have to their three locations, you know....nothing ever changes! It's the same menu all the time for like 7 years!  YAWN! Personally, I am hoping they will wise up and create some specials and new items!  I know, if it ain't broke, don't fix it, but we are begging for more!
The paradise location was my favorite, now I have one a block away!!! Don't miss happy hour. My fav's here are chorizo clams, manchego fondue, sliders( don't remember if they're filet mignon or Kobe beef,but delicious). For drinks,to die for! passion fruit mojito and for dessert, passion fruit mini cheesecakes. I love everything about this place. It's romantic with your love, and my 8 yr old loves the food and the novelty of everything being in small portions ( bcuz it's a tapas grill.) love love love
From California to Vegas my best friend who now lives in Vegas took us here. . . and after reading the reviews I knew we wouldn't be disappointed! Sure enough, my fellow Yelpers you were RIGHT!!! It definitely lived up to its reviews! 

It was happy hour so we were in luck! The three us best gals shared a pitcher of their White Sangria which was mighty tasty.

We had:
Camarones a la diabla [I think out of everything we tasted this was the best plate. What really made this dish as delicious as it was, was the spicy chili sauce which was YUMMMYY!!]
Fried calamari [Calamari was good buy not anything exciting but like the Camarones a la diabla it was the SAUCE that made it delicious!!]
Roasted eggplant cannelloni [I don't plan on getting this again, I love eggplant but the goat cheese was overwhelming]
Firefly*fries [Never can go wrong with fries and the sauce!! Yummy!! AGAIN]
Stuffed dates [Bacon wrapped stuffed dates sounds good if you look the salt & sweet combination but the dates were too much for me! ]

All in all although I wouldn't try 3/5 of the plates again, I do want to go back and try everything else they have because the service was great and for the plates we tried that I liked. . well I LOVED!! 

Can't wait to go back!
For the uninitiated, tapas are meant to be small plated hours d'vours to be eaten during long stretches of pub drinking. Served on small plates, tapas were originally meant to rest on a small plate on top of your beer as you stand in a group and talk ( thus the name tapas ). Eating small amounts but throughout the entire evening helps combat all the alchohol thus allowing you to drink more and longer! Brilliant! Firefly is a fun place to gather with a large group of friends, drink and eat. A decent selection of many spanish styled tapas ensures that one can find at least a few pleasing dishes. Here, variety is the spice of life and make sure to have a ride as all dishes are best paired with heavy doses of pickling ones own liver!
Let me begin by saying i have never spoken with anyone that has given this place a bad name. Only rave reviews. From the ambience, to the wait staff to the delicious food and cocktails what more could you ask for.

We went on a Friday night around 7 with me, my hubby and toddler and my parents. Even on such a busy Friday night, the staff was very accomadating with us and our small child. 

To start off, there are so many delicious cocktails to chose from so we asked our waiter Eduardo for suggestions. We ended up with the Blueberry Mojitos which i have had before and are to die for. My husband had the Delirium beer which is a pretty strong beer but refreshing. 

Next i feel like we ordered everything off of the menu. Its pretty hard at Firefly when it comes to ordering because pretty much everything on the menu is fantastic. From the Bacon wrapped Dates to the Shrimp Diablo to the lamb chops and mussels. YUMMM! Even though you can get a little crazy ordering for dinner since there are so many fabulous options, i would highly recommend saving just a tad room for dessert. 

We went with the Tres Leche Cake and Chocolate Cherry Bread Pudding. OMG! Even though none of us had any room for either of these, we shoved them in our faces as if we had never eaten before. Man they were both to die for. So good!

 Its so refreshing to go to a hip place with a small child and have a great time and leave 100% happy.

I would suggest Firefly to any of my friends and it is especially great for groups. We came here for my 30th birthday party in December and were wowed again.

This place is GREAT!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place and the BACON WRAPPED DATES!! They are the best creation ever. It sounded disgusting but my friend made me have one and I'm so glad I did! 

The West Sahara location can get very busy. I first went on a Friday night around 7pm and had to wait for over an hour, but I didn't care, it was my birthday and I wanted to eat here. The bar was also crowded around this time so we sat outside. The hostess asked for our phone number and called us when the table was ready. 

Our server was ok, he was slow and didnt come over and ask if we wanted more drinks. We ended up going again last month and got the same server and the same bad service. They bring out the food at all different times. My husband and I ended up getting all of our food before my friends got any of theirs. So they had to sit there and watch us eat.

I still love this place and we will keep going back for sure!
Locals know this place and there seems to be a minimum of yahoos in cowboy hats.  Thank goodness that people who stay at Imperial Palace aren't likely to make the trip "off Strip" to eat here.  
I've been here several times, at different times of the evening and it always seems to have a wait for a table.  No reservations for small parties - first come first served.  Kitchen put out very good quality small plates.  The menu is extensive and full of very tasty offerings.  I only wish I could order a plate with one of everything because it would take a dozen visits to eat through the menu.  Firefly is a "must go" for every trip to Vegas.
What a GREAT place!! YUMMY food and DRINKS!!!!!
Since writing the below review, the manager of the restaurant contacted me to discuss. This is huge to me as it shows that the restaurant "gives a $%#@." I'm going to amend my review to 3-stars until I've had time to maybe give it one last shot - and discuss my experience with the management.

Previous Review:
It is not often that a restaurant goes from extremely good to extremely bad, but here is the exception. This restaurant used to be really good, but the quality and service has slipped over time. I have been beyond dissapointed the last three times I've gone there and embarassed in the cases where I brought others. Further, our last server badmouthed another local restaurant - low class. Oh, and here's the killer... the owner of the restaurant they badmouthed was the person that recommended  Firefly to us in the first place! The bacon wrapped dates which are a tapas staple used to be a standout, but the last few visits the bacon was barely cooked and was more like a withered grape wrapped in a cold rubber band. it also seems that they perhaps downgraded the quality of the meats they use overall. Hopefully they don't continue their downward decent quality wise - and hopefully they gain a simbilance of class back by not badmouthing their competitors to customers. I can only speculate that whatever made this restaurant what it once was either left or moved to the other new location across town.
Yummy Yummy Yummy but not as good as Julian Serrano at Aria.

Firefly is definitely solid.  I think most people will walk away from there extremely happy about their meal.  However, once you've had the potatoes bravas at Julian Serrano and compare them to what you get here you'll know what I'm talking about.  The bravas here is just a little bland and not as interesting as at Julian.
The same basically goes for all the dishes you get.  Firefly is upper middle class and Julian Serrano is elite.  

But you'll get away from Firefly for about 40% less than you will at the Aria joint.  Highly recommended.
I prefer this location. I guess they have to work harder to earn the love and keep the trust of their Summerlin clientel. Due to the niche location they have more to lose so they cannot be inconsistent with their food or service (like I feel the Paradise location is a hit or miss!). The bacon wrapped dates (stuffed with candied almonds) with blue cheese are TO DIE FOR. That's why I order two because I don't like to share. Tip: Instead getting an order of garlic fries and an order of the filet mignon small plate, a bright idea is to go for the ribeye entree (which comes with a big serving of garlic fries). It comes out to the same price, but the portions are bigger. More to share. (see my ribeye pic). Other than that we got the octopus (I prefer the Paradise locations way of preparing it, it was dry bland and not as fresh as I would have liked or had in the past at the Paradise location). Lastly we ordered the mushroom stuffed chicken chirzo (forgettable). When I go back, I will order three bacon wrapped dates and my ribeye entree ONLY.
After being a huge fan of the Firefly Paradise location, I was very eager to try out the new spot while the Plaza gets remodeled. I loved it just as much this time as my first. This is totally MY kind of place, I would go back 1,000 times! Tried out a couple new things this time, I would recommend all of them: White sangria is a must, lamb skewers, ceviche, bacon wrapped figs, & patatas bravas. The calamari was also good last time I tried it. This is a great date spot, or even a night out with the girls. Vibrant, fun crowd. Go!
I had never been to Firefly until last night; I used to go to Sedona for the type of experience Firefly offers, since they used to have a fantastic happy hour with awesome, cheap appetizers and drinks. Now they've gone through several menu changes and what's left is barely worth the price, so it was finally time to scope out a new spot.

The service at Firefly was top-notch, very fast, and as a bonus our server was nice to look at. The decor was pretty cool and I loved the table we were sat at, which had little couches instead of chairs; it really lent itself well to the relaxed atmosphere, plus they were SO comfortable!

When we ordered, our food came really fast--much faster than we expected, not that that's a bad thing. Unfortunately it was definitely hit-or-miss. Here's what we ordered with my impressions:

-Artichoke toasts: These were pretty good, I liked them but they weren't very noteworthy.

-Smoked salmon toasts: The only thing I really did not like. At least to my palate, the dairy and salmon flavors they used were not complimentary at all, and the added dill and capers just made a bad combination somehow worse. Yuck.

-Stuffed dates: These were fantastic and I could eat them all day if no one stopped me and the dates didn't run out. If you don't at least try them you're depriving yourself.

-Tomato basil soup: The soup was too salty and nothing much to speak of, the brie sandwich was good (if you LOVE brie like I do) but it would have been done better justice if it were paired with some fresh strawberry slices or strawberry preserves. It's just not a good tomato soup companion.

 -Firefly*fries: These were delicious, but the aioli was nothing special and I would have loved a different dipping sauce with these fries.

-Crispy duck rolls: These were just OK. The duck was overcooked and tough, but the flavors were okay. It would have been better if the duck had been shredded more finely, and the hoisin sauce a little sweeter.

-Lamb skewers: These were the biggest disappointment unfortunately. They tasted OK but they were very tough and unremarkable. You can get much better lamb skewers at Flame Kabob.

Dessert platter: I had the lemon-berry tart (delicious but it's just a bite), flan (very good, not too dense), and the tres leches cake--which was much too dense, a little mealy, more like a brownie. I was not a fan, nor would you be if you like REAL tres leches cake.

Plus a martini, forgot what it was called but it was a gin martini with cucumber and lime. That was pretty fantastic.

Overall, I would go there again for the $15 pitchers of mojitos during happy hour, but I will have to learn what's good and what isn't from their food menu. The place is pretty OK, but not great.
We've been to Firefly on Paradise Rd. and since we happened to be in this part of Vegas, we decided to try it out.

This location is much bigger and a bit more trendy compared to the Paradise Rd. location however, that's not necessarily a good thing.

The menu offerings are exactly the same as the other Firefly location.  This time around the s/o of course had to order the Bacon Wrapped Dates, which are always a hit.  We also ordered the Ham & Cheese Croquettes which were okay, kind of reminded of a Fried Cheese Stick.  I ordered the Stuffed Mushrooms and totally forgot I ordered that the last time and didn't like it much, thankfully I did remember to ask for lemon to squeeze over it, which in fact did help tremendously.  Not sure why but, I ordered their Fried Calamari, which was really basic but wow, it was greasy.  You know that lethargic feeling you get after eating greasy food...thanks Calamari!

The service...oh boy, this is where they fail and why they lost so many stars from me.

Our server who I won't call out, was really blah.  When he introduced himself, he didn't go the extra mile about talking about Happy Hour, any specials, etc. he just simply asked what we'd like to drink.  To sum it up, we saw him four times; first to introduce himself, second to take our order and last to bring the check and return the change.  I did have to roll my eyes when he asked, "Any change needed?"  Eff yeah dude!  However, credit is due to the food runners and bussers, they were the ones that provided us spectacular service.  I wish we could've given them the tip instead of our server.

Overall, nice location but we won't be back, we'd rather go to Paradise Rd. instead.
I think i wasted my time and money on this restaurant. I ordered beef salad,steamed mussels in wine, and tempura dish. I was dissapointed with the taste of all, because it was greasy and salty for me. I could have just made peanut butter sandwich at home. In fairness service was good. The waiter and waitresses were very friendly. Im willing to give it one more try with their other dishes.
Ok so here goes...have lived in Vegas for about 5 years now and after all of the word of mouth about Firefly from friends and co-workers, I finally made my first visit to the new Westside location. The crazy thing is that I actually made two separate visits in the same day with different friends, was so not planned that way however this place I could go round the clock! Is just crazy, have never been and then i go twice in one day! lol

Mouth Orgasm at it's best. I seriously sat and moaned for two hours straight, savoring every bite, not sure what the waiter and other patrons thought, so it was either, amused, aroused or annoyed? A tasty explosion in my beautiful mouth no less.

I have to say is really night and day in comparison for my two visits, the first time was at 3pm, only one other patron in the whole restaurant was quiet and we obviously were seated immediately. The next visit was at 8pm, wow a whole other world, we waited about 30 minutes to be seated and the place was packed beyond capacity, lol. I have to say either way it is a fun experience! I have listed the goodies I was able to enjoy during my two visits. Everything was scrumptious!


Stuffed dates 
bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese

Firefly*fries 
[parmesan, herbs, aioli]

Manchego mac 'n' cheese 
[baked w/baby shells]

Empanada 
[pastry stuffed w/roast pork, red pepper, w/salad, aioli]

Ham and cheese croquetas 
[Serrano ham, Manchego cheese]

Lamb skewers
[marinated leg of lamb, tomato, red wine sauce]

Filet mignon sliders
[mini burgers w/Serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions] 

Artichoke toasts 
hearts, aioli, basil, pepper

A Pitcher of Mint Mojitos

A Pitcher of Sangria
We went to Firefly on a Thursday night and were surprised at how crowded it was.  Good thing we had a reservation.  We found out why people flock to this restaurant after we ordered 5-6 generously portioned tapas, including duck rolls, tortilla espagnol, pulpo asado (grilled octopus), apple and manchego salad and wilted spinach salad.  That was plenty for two people, and the bill came out to about $50, drinks included.  We left very satisfied with our dining experience.  Firefly is definitely worth checking out next time you are in Vegas.
I was a little worried for this location when they first opened b/c my husband, friends, and I didn't think the food was as good as the Firefly on Paradise.  Being that this Firefly is so close to our house, my husband and I went back to give it a shot during happy hour.

I'm happy to say that months after opening, the food is just as delicious as it is at the other Firefly locations, and they are still always busy!  Definitely make a reservation, and if you can...get there early!  

Little tip...since it's a tapas restaurants, the portions are snack size.  Order just a couple at a time so the food stays hot and you can stop when you're full.  And check them out during a happy hour.  All drinks are half off including pitchers!

We especially love the Blood Orange Mojitos, any of the Sangrias, the Steak and Mushroom Skewers, the Mussels, the Clams (are BOSS!), the Empanadas, the Albondigas, and the Mac n Cheese is great here too.  Really anything you order from here will be awesome!  Oh and for dessert, be sure to try the Banana Nutella and the Bread Pudding!  YUM!
YES to firefly!! I lived in vegas for a year, but did not discover this place until I visited this past weekend.  Great food at a great price.  Excellent sangria to start of the meal.  Then we ordered an assemblage of plates that tickled the palate to the maximum.  The best dishes of the night were bacon wrapped dates (we ordered 4 of them), the diablo shrimp (sauce was amazing), paella (juicy rice with good mixture of meat and seafood), and the fall off the bone short ribs (tender to perfection).  Overall I would definitely come back here and bring a big group to sample all the dishes!! It is definitely worth the drive off the strip!!
So I came back to Firefly with my two daughters to give this place a second try - and I've got to say, we were blown away!

To start, the service was wonderful, just as it was before. Every time we went through a glass of our drink, it was replaced almost before we even noticed! The waiters were so attentive, and always came in with friendly expressions. We were even able to meet the chef (James), who explained some of the concepts behind the dishes and entertained us. Everything was just perfect as far as service was concerned.
 
And now for the greatness of it all - the food! We really enjoyed some of their signature tapas, such as the skewers with the grilled beef and shrimp (called Terra y Mare skewers on their menu), and the tomato soup with the grilled cheese sandwich (called Tomato basil soup on the menu). And let me tell you- that was no ordinary grilled cheese sandwich! It was simply amazing on its own, and definitely going on my list of favorites! The outside was crispy, the bread was so tasty, and the brie cheese on the inside just completed the deal. We will be craving it again, that's for sure. And for some other tapas that get noteworthy mention: the tuna-stuffed red pepper on a thin taro chip (called Tuna peppers), and the bacon-rolled dates in red wine sauce (called Stuffed dates). The Tuna peppers made any of our apprehensions about cold tapas disappear in an instant- It was tasty, it was fun, and it was wonderful to snack on! And perhaps best of all, it was unique. As for the bacon-rolled dates, you've just got to taste it to believe it- We weren't very fond of dates, until we tried this dish! And that's not to say that it tasted primarily like dates, but actually quite the opposite: it made us realize that it was possible to make dates appeal to people who weren't keen on them to begin with.

As a side note for fans of more traditional food: they make an awesome macaroni and cheese dish. You can't go wrong with it, and it's one of the best mac&cheese dishes we've ever tasted!

And anyways, I think by now, you already get what I'm saying: the tapas here are excellent if you're willing to give them a fair try!

And what I mean by that is: maybe not all of them will match your tastebuds, but you've gotta find those that cater to your taste. And with a selection as varied as that of Firefly, you definitely have a chance at finding "the one," or "ones" in our case!

As you may already know: we didn't hit a home run the first time we went to this place, and even had a couple dishes fall through the second time: we didn't dig the spiciness of the spicy shrimp tapas (Camarones a la diabla), nor were we huge fans of the Padron peppers. However, with the fulfillment we received from the other tapas mentioned above, one or two tapas like these were mere bumps in our road to satisfaction.

Finally, we got to taste their specialty Paella. And it was absolutely wonderful. The flavor of the tomatoes and peppers blended with the wholesomeness of the rice, and mixed with our favorite seafood, just made it an absolutely worthwhile dish, that we only wish we could fit into our stomachs. Quick tip: believe the menu when it says it could serve six.

Bottom line: Come with an empty stomach. Try as many items as you can. Leave as a changed person with a satiated appetite and a somewhat wider horizon, wishing you'd done it sooner. And that's all I have to say. Thanks for reading.
I have eaten at firefly at least a dozen times, and I have to say I am a huge fan!  I came in for happy hour tonight and enjoyed a half priced of pitcher of Red Sangria with my friend, this is one of the things they are known for and is a must have!

The Food is usually on point at this location and that was the case this afternoon.  If you eat here you HAVE to get the bacon wrapped dates, they are freakin amazing, sweet and salty.  I also ordered the Calamari, which was perfectly fried and tender, and the Stuffed Piquillo Peppers.

My friend ordered the Duck Rolls, they were a little overcooked.  The food also seemed to be taking a while to come out of the kitchen, especially for 3pm. 

All in all, I will definitely be returning for another happy hour.
LOVED this warm, friendly, yummy place!  During our short trip to Vegas, had lunch here twice and dinner once...all of our meals were amazing!  Creative, delicious food, excellent service and a very comfortable, inviting environment.  Love the small plate approach...made it feel as though we could try such a variety of fun dishes! The cheesecake...with the passion fruit sauce...was soooo delicious!! (all FOUR times I had it!!)
Great food and great sangria.
we had a huge group and we couldn't get into my first choice, RAKU. 

so we decided to come here instead, which I've already been to before, and enjoyed, on a separate occasion. 

tapas and sangria were enjoyed by all, especially the bacon wrapped dates, the mac and cheese, the filet mignon sliders, the lamb skewers, the thai beef salad. some people will be like, oh is this place authentic? blah blah. well, it's better than some food I had in barcelona, if that answers your question, and I had some food in spain that could never be beat by anything stateside. 

Who cares? It tastes good and you'll have fun, but make sure you get the sangria.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!

I frequent Vegas often, but I had an unplanned, overnight stay on Sunday, due to a layover. I ended up going to Firefly for a late dinner w/friends, around 10:30pm. We waited less than 10 min for a table for four. Their menu is on the lengthy side, but it was very easy to scan through, which surprised me. There are a lot of words, but descriptions get to the point and just tell you the main ingredients. Good enough for me.

Things we ordered: (Ready, set, DROOL!)
-Ceviche of shrimp
-Firefly fries 
-Mushroom tart
-Steamed mussels
-Ham and cheese croquetas
-Steak and mushroom skewers
-Crispy duck roll
-Chocolate "tres-leches" cake
-Passion Fruit mojito

Drooling yet? YUMMO! Everything was great, but my favorite was the mushroom tart. The mojito was very refreshing, the service was great. I can't wait to try more tapas from their menu! When I'm a fan, I'm very loyal. I will definitely make it back to Firefly again soon.
Cam here with some friends and enjoyed myself. It was a huge group but the service was great and the sangria was bomb! I love that they keep it flowing like water. The bacon wrapped dates are always a treat! Definitely recommend!!
We just went on a Friday night and they were very accommodating in fitting in our 12 person party.  The service was outstanding as well.

We tried many different dishes and liked them all.  There are a few that are good for kids (the tomato soup and mini brie sandwich; chicken skewers), and many that the vegetarians in our group enjoyed.

They have a lot of different options for sangria (!) and mojitos.  

It's definitely loud and busy, but the kids fit in fine and the staff was excellent.
Nice place to grab a drink and a small meal.

Waiter was nice.  We didn't know what to order. The waiter told us what was popular and some of his favorites.  We tried the stuffed dates, it was very flavorful.  We also tried the lamb chops. Lamb chops were good.
The unfortunate truth is that no other location will ever be the same as the Paradise location. The food and atmosphere are just always going to be better there.

Going in, I was kinda prepared for disappointment. My dining experience at the downtown location was quite dismal. However, the food at this location did pretty much hold up. I can't really complain about any of it. 

This location, though, seems to always be packed. It can be hard to find parking. And it gets super loud, making it hard to hold a conversation.
Maybe this isn't my thing... but its not a meal. A lot of little expensive food and really sweet wine.

The wine was REALLY sugary with almost too much sweetness. The appetizers were pretty good but not filling at all.

After an hour of eating tid-bits and drinking sugar-wine we ended up going to the Ft.Apache Fatburger for dinner.
Came on a monday afternoon for lunch. and it was delicious! 

I've only had tapas twice and there was not a thing we ordered that was not full of flavor and savored each and every bite. 

We oredered:

Tuna Peppers: Sweet with a little kick. loved the different testures of this dish

ceviche of shrimp: i didnt eat it, cause im not a fan of the shrimp. but my friends loved it

stuffed dates: Hands down my fave dish of the afternoon. it was sweet and savory and tongasmic. Bacon, cheese, dates and a piece of nut in the center. How can you not love??


Veggie & pork Empanadas: the veggie one was great and didnt feel like you were eating veggies wrapped in fried dough. it was smooth and great flavor. The pork was good but the veggie was my fave

Camarones a la diabla: i didnt eat  the shrimp cause im not a fan of the shrimp, but the sauce that came with  it was  superb! we requested more bread and i lathered it up with the sauce and inhaled it! 

Albondigas: i love meatballs but i had better. the meat was a bit tough and not as succulant as meatballs should be. but it had delicious flavor. just the texture of the meatballs turned me off

Lamb skewers:  meat was a bit dry but non the less delicious! must eat with the mushroom, the sauce and the veggies  all together!


Filet mignon sliders: yum yum yum!


def will come back when im back in vegas!
Here's your two question quiz.... I know I didn't tell you to study. I'm sorry. I am an easy grader though. Here we go!

1)Firefly is....
A.) a delicious mouth watering tapas and sangria experience that you can't miss out on....

2) I would rather...

A.) GO to Firefly the delicious mouth watering tapas and sangria experience that you can't miss out on..

For question one if you answered  "A"  you are correct!
For question two if you answered "A" you are correct.!

See I told you this would be easy. You had nothing to worry about my little foodie scholars. Now, lets get down to business.

Firefly Tapas Kitchen and Bar is one of the hottest spots to eat in town. From their wide selection of hot & cold tapas to their delicious I repeat DELICIOUS sangria. 

Firefly is very family style. Not so much as in large meals as it is having everyone order two different tapas to pass around and share. So, my family and I ventured here the other night. 

We ordered ALOT. My goal was to be in  food coma by the end of the night. (mission accomplished)

I loved and adored the following menu items.

Smoke Salmon: This was such a delightful tapas. You really can't go wrong with this choice and I don't even like salmon.  It had a very fresh 
summery taste. Very Barefoot Contessa esque.

Ahi Tuna Skewer: Oh my lanta. We ordered 2 plates of these little guys. Mariniated  with mango, basil, mustard-ginger glaze, it is so good you may want to eat the skewer is came on... not that I tried. They are cooked rare, but you can't taste the rarity of the ahi tuna. The red wine reduction really completes the dish.

Stuffed Dates: Ay yi yi! This is possibly one of my favorite things to eat on Earth. The bacon-wrapped, smoked almonds, with a nice red wine reduction and stuffed with a bit of blue cheese.  This dish I recommend to hide when it comes to the table...most likely on your lap under your napkin. This isn't something you want to share.

Manchego Mac& Cheese- also may want to hide under
 your napkin.

Paella - They bring this puppy out in the pan. 
Saffron rice, clams, mussels, shrimp, calamari, chicken, Spanish chorizo sausage don't tell me you don't want to take  bite of that!
If you really don't want to take a bite of that...lie to me please. You'll hurt my feelings.

FIREFLY FRIES: This is one of their signature dishes. My favorite fries on the planet. Fries mixed with herbs and topped with Parmesan cheese. Then with the magical aioli (garlic mayonnaise) on the side?!? This is one of those things you eat and you cant stop saying mmmmm and mid chew looking at the person with you and saying "THIS IS SO GOOD" 

These dishes you cannot pass up. We ordered more however, none of them can compare to these 4. I'll leave it up to you to take your taste buds on an adventure different from mine..

Now for the GRAND FINALLY!  It is what you have all been waiting for.

SANGRIAAAAA

It is a crime not order  pitcher of Firefly Sangria. You can order Red, White, or Sparkling Sangria. We ordered all 3. Don't judge me. Sparkling is my absolute favorite. It is so light and airy while it trickles down your throat. You will just die and go to heaven with one or two glasses.
Fun Fact: They marinate the sangria's for three days before serving it. So you know you are getting the absolute best sangria in the city hands down. 

  My  Tips
1.) Try and go early on the weekends. Firefly is always busy but weekends are the worst. 
2.) Order the paella as soon as you can. It takes 45 min. to make, but well worth the wait.

So my time is up. I've got nothing left to say. Actually I always do. You know me to well. I'll leave you with this.... If you don't eat at firefly, you ain't livin doll. 

All my love...from my heart & belly.
Its nice to have firefly on my side of town.  As I stated on my last review I wish they updated the menu making it exciting to see a few new options every once in a while.
Pretty cool little spot in the middle of nowhere. We all dug it.
Arrived on a Friday night with no reservation. We were told it would be a 20-25 minute wait, but were seated after only 10 minutes. Just as well since no one offered to serve us in the 10 minutes at the bar. Our waiter was prompt and courteous. The four tapas we ordered came out extremely quickly. Unfortunately, this seems to be due to the fact that everything had been prepared well in advance.  The bread seemed several days old. Very disappointed by the quality of the food. Too loud to hold a conversation.
I had about enough Vegas strip food as I could handle for a bit and wanted to try some local places.  I called up my friend from Vegas and she took me to Firefly!  I would never have thought to come here and I would never have found.

I had her order all of her favourite items and we had a feast!

Meats on a stick?  YES PLEASE!
Garlicy goodness?  Don't stop!
Raw seafood?  More!
BACON ANYTHING!

Yes I really enjoyed my meal here.  I'd recommend trying something from each section of the menu as there are a lot of delicious items.  I wish I had the stomach and time to try everything!
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  Good and reasonably priced food.  We had the cerviches of shrimp, bacon wrapped date with walnut and cheese, mussels, lamb chop, and paella.  All were delicious.
Random find for a tapas place, but they have the best steak I have ever had. And for $20 with fries and dipping aioli you can't beat the price. The steak is topped blue cheeses crumbles and it's tender and perfectly seasoned. My boyfriend was not a fan of this place until he tried their sirloin. I have been on a search to find a steak better than theirs' and I haven't found it yet!
I was feeling blue and a good friend took me to the one on Paradise. I fell in love, love, love with the place! The sangria was sweet nectar from the Wino Gods!  I normally don't like dates but OMG!.. the BACON WRAPPED STUFFED DATES! That is a FOODGASMIC EXPERIENCE! So, I was giddy with excited to learn they opened another location just 2 blocks from my house. Sometimes when there are multiple locations, things get lost in translation but not with Firefly. They are on point with every detail right down to the atmosphere. Every time friends or family come to visit I make them come with me and I get them addicted just like I am. I instruct them they all have to have their own order of DATES and then we get several items to share ranging from the Ham and Cheese Croquettas that just melt in your mouth, or the Artichoke Toast, or the Lamb Skewers that are tender and juicy every time! There isn't a bad item on the menu.  For those of us who are allergic to seafood, they take great care not to mix the dishes. I wanted the Paella and they combined they added the other meats to it so there would be no chance of cross contamination. Wonderful service always. Never have to wait for a refill on any beverage. If you haven't tried Firefly, what are you waiting for? An engraved invitation?
Love the concept, and love this place!  Tapas are the way to go to sample small dishes with lots of flavor.  Firefly is trendy, but the food is good and the atmosphere is great.  This location is a little quieter and a little less crowded than the strip location.  Love it!
In Vegas for a work trip and our group went to Firefly (Not sure if it was this location or the other). Fabulous food- and the mojitos were spectacular.  If you get nothing else, get the stuffed dates- bacon wrapped, smoked almond, redwine reduction and blue cheese. OH MY GOD.... they were amazing and fabulous and rich and wonderful. Everything that I had was really really good. The Padron Peppers are also great- these are some of my favorites. The lamb chops were really great with the sauteed veggies and veggies. Empanandas were smashing as well. It's a great place to go- get off the strip if you go to Vegas and go here.
Manchengo Mac and cheese!!! Mix up orders though :/
Took the kids and went to celebrate my husbands birthday. Loved the ambiance and enjoyed the food. Recommend this place if you want to get away from the craziness of the vegas strip
I recently went to Firefy due to a friends recommendation. The food was amazing, the atmosphere rocked and my waiter was really knowledgeable about the menu plus really attentive. Every time we needed a refill on a drink or a napkin he was right there. On my next visit to Vegas I will definitely go again.
This is my first time visiting Firefly and I was thoroughly content with my experience.  The menu was huge, but my waiter at Firefly really knew the menu and advised me well! The food was amazing! I'll definitely return.
I went to this tapas bar a few months ago and the service was awful. 

Then last week (despite my moaning and groaning) my friends really wanted to go to Firefly.  I couldn't believe that I was in the same place.  The wait staff was amazing! Everything was great from the food straight down to the service.  Well done, Firefly!  Keep it up!
Love this new location, and can't believe it took us this long to finally go check it out! It's so much more spacious then either of the other locations, I love that I can walk here! 
The sparkling sangria hit the spot!  We were pretty hungry & got carried away, we ordered 4 tapas! My fav this time was the vegetables & lentils, yum. 
This might just have to become a regular outing, but next time 3 tapas for 2 people is plenty. Especially since a pitcher of sangria during happy hour is pretty much mandatory :)
I love this place. I just moved here from SF and I was wondering if i would find a chill local bar/lounge near me to hangout and relax with friends. It's within walking distance. I'm stoked. I had the Crab Leg Corn Dogs, Duck Rolls and a pitcher of Sangria with a friend of mine. 

I'll definitely be going back.
I love love love tapas and am a new fan of Firefly.  

1. Gather a group of friends
2. Order a pitcher of sangria
3. Order everything that your heart desires
4. Taste a little bit of everything
5. Order more sangria
6. Take notes so you know what dishes to order and what to avoid next time. 
7. Top off the meal with dessert and more sangria!

With so many tapas options on the menu- there will obviously be some hits and misses.  Personally, there were a lot more hits- including:
- Bacon wrapped dates: sweet, salty, bacony- always a hit
- Manchego mac n cheese: one of the best mac n cheeses I've ever had
- Artichoke toast: hearts, basil, aioli, pepper- perfect blend of flavors
- Petit filet (medium): very tender, but the mushrooms and red wine sauce were my favorite part.    
- Tierra y Mar skewers: shrimp, filet mignon, and sausage on a skewer. Delish.  But, order your filet, medium. 
- Steak and mushroom skewers- another hit
- Camarones al ajillo- recommended by our waiter was the star of the meal!
- Chocolate tres leches and the Cherry bread pudding were both decadent desserts and will definitely order again. 

The items that I can do without the next time:
- Tuna tartare and the Shrimp ceviche were both missing something (maybe salt?)
- Firefly fries- if you don't mind your fries soggy- then you will enjoy Firefly's version.  I prefer mine more crispy which is why this didn't appeal to me. The aioli was tasty though. 

And of course, the sangria and the mojitos were faaaaabulous. But, that may also be because I just had a baby- and had my first taste of alcohol after 9 months. Come during happy hour and you can drink even more! The atmosphere and vibe are great.  And the service was one of the best I have encountered in a while!
The only disappointment here, was that with a group of 25 people, we had to have a stuck menu.  They brought out bread and almond butter and green olives as we first sat down.  & some very strong Sangria! We had a set menu that continued to come out. First was the Artichoke Toast, then bacon covered dates, patatas, steak & mushrooms, meatballs,  & smoked salmon.  Everything was phenomenal! My favorite part was the cappucino and dessert.  Chocolate tres leche!!! HOLY AMAZING!!!  Highly recommend this restaurant & I will definitely be going back!
Quality food. The electrician at our hotel recommended Firefly and we ate here twice in 3 days. We ate at Julian Serrano the day before and felt the food at Firefly is just as good and half the price. Avoid the date night crowd by going between lunch and dinner.
I went there the other day.  The food was good, the Sangria was average.

If there would be a negative, it would be a misleading menu.  I ordered the Filet Mignon Sliders, that (according to the menu) come with cheese (I forgot what kind,) and caramelized onions.  What I got was ground Filet (at least I hope it was,) a crumbly white cheese, some kind of orange sauce on it, and the onions were some fried thinly sliced onions on top of the sliders all over the plate... sort of like having onion rings on a burger... not really caramelized onions.

Other than that, we had the Tuna Tartare, which was excellent.  Also, the Lamb sausage, which was good as well.

I was going to give it 3 stars, as it didn't really blow me away.  But, the quality of the food, and the cheap prices made me raise it to 4.  I would go back.
a nice chill and mellow social experience.^^

TIME SPENT
2x at night-time

LAYOUT
south american decor, low lounge seating, very somberly lit.   everything seems to roll together to give off the right upscale and interesting social experience.^^   it may even be even good for a romantic engagement.

SERVICE
prompt at first, but delivery is slow.   i found the server friendly and knowledgable about the menu.

FOOD
be warned, the majority of the food is not meant to fill...   the portions are small and the selection is meant to be picked over while u converse with your party.   however, what u get IS tasty, but the sangria is average fair.

PRICING
the menu isn't expensive, but all the small orders do add up.   drinking prices can look pricey ($8-$16 avg), but is really the norm in Vegas.   i'm actually surprised they're not pricier as Firefly feels very upscale.

CLOSING
i think Firefly is a great place to be -- if you're a local.   sure, the decor is nice and the ambience is good...  but ur buying into a look and not the over-all experience.   IMO, the Vegas experience tourists should value, is the kind that they can't find anywhere else...  am i right.??

low lighting, common tapas food, and the selection of exotic drinks (who doesn't have a signature drink these days) at Firefly won't leave you with a lasting impression of Vegas.   this place is more for locals who want to kickback after a long day of work or schmooze with their friends.

and i hate to say nay to something and not fix it.   the Gordon Biersch Brewery right across the street would do you a better service.   i know my friends would recommend Musashi's located in the same shopping center, but i say meh to that also......  i'm not on their payroll, btw... LOLz.^^;
Maybe my expectations were a bit too high.. If this review was solely based on the paella, I would've added another star. But we got four items, and that was the only one we both liked. Tuna skewers were bland, the lobster "escargot" was just off, and the sliders according to the guy was "ok."
Service was also mediocre. Sure money is important, and focusing more on larger parties means better tips, but we tip too!! And sometimes alot more than we really should! We shouldn't have to constantly flag someone down for a refill and we hardly saw our server. We politely asked for more bread, and he looked at us like we were bothering him. =\ 

Anyway, I'd probably come back for the paella..and only for lunch. This place gets real crowded for dinner and lunch time seems a bit more laxed.
I honestly don't understand the fascination with this place. People rave about it but our first (and definitely last) experience with it was abysmal. The West Sahara location is dank and dark, the decor is creepy and the food was almost inedible. 

My husband and I ordered some tapas -- two each -- and the salads alone were at least a half hour coming. Even the waiter looked uncomfortable about the situation and kept heading back to the kitchen to check on things. When it finally arrived, the food was terrible. They have a gluten-free menu, which I ordered from, and I ended up getting sick after. This is only the second time this has ever happened to me after eating in a restaurant.

The place was noisy and packed, too, which added to the negative vibe of the experience. Maybe we just hit this place on a really, really bad day but it's not a chance I'll take again. Give me happy hour at Sammy's any day; we're giving this place a pass.
Good items on the menu and some not so good items on the menu. I can't fault them on that for the very large varieties they offer. 

Items to avoid- the duck rolls sounded great but were not.  The Civiche was disappointing.

The fillet was amazing!! Surprising for a Tapas bar!
The selection of different things to try at this place is endless.  Come here during happy hour and feast like you've never feasted before.  Try the sangria and just about anything on the menu is worth tasting.  If you are picky then maybe this isn't your place.  But if you like tapas this is THE spot.
We went to Firefly last week for lunch. The service was excellent (their were only 2 other tables). All the food came out hot and fresh. Everything tasted great. I would recommend this place to my friends and family.
totally underwhelmed.

Too loud
Too slow to seat
No one even asked us if our food was ok (and it wasn't)
Too bad; the steak was supposed to be medium, but came out raw; the tuna was awful and the fries were soggy.

Very sad about the whole experience - the waiter never once asked how it was or if he could get us anything else - wow, did he expect a tip?

It was totally packed to the gills - what recession?

We were bummed.  Hopefully we'll find something for tomorrow night where the staff gives a c^&*(&(&ap about us.
I'm giving a revised 5 stars to Firefly, not based upon the merits of a second visit (we haven't been back), but because of the stellar customer service provided by the manager in a recent series of emails and phone calls.

I was delighted and surprised that the manager (Dave) read and responded to my less than positive review.  We had the most amazing conversation wherein we shared our thoughts and views about customer service, expectations of customers and how he trains his staff to deliver the best experience possible.

It was very clear to me that he is committed to not only the restaurant and his employees, but to providing an outstanding experience to every guest.

He extended a very warm invitation to visit again, which we plan to do.  Although Vegas is not only our schedule for 'weekend flings', we'll definitely be back to enjoy a meal and I'm confident I'll be able to post a much more positive and happy YELP!

Marcy.
This place is amazing, great sized plates, amazing choices, the petite filet has to be the best piece of meat i have ever eaten, moist, flavorful all around delicious. The ceviche was ok, the tortilla chips were a lil stale, the tomato basil soup was great, the fried dates were great, and the vegetable empanada was savory. All i can say is that i am gonna go back for another plate of that petite filet.
Sooooooo good!  Excellent Tapas for a chain restaurant. Plate of Serrano ham and Manchego cheese, Stuffed dates, Patatas bravas, Mushroom tart, Tierra y Mar skewers, Ham and cheese croquetas, Filet mignon sliders, and Cabernet Sauvignon by JAM from Napa, CA were all very excellent.  The Cab was some of the best I've ever had.  The stuffed dates made me copy the dish at home - made it numerous times throughout the holidays.  Atmosphere was super loud, but then again I believe it was a December holiday weekend evening.  However, we did sit "outside" in the screened-in porch with a patio heater and all was good - not as loud as inside.
First time at Firefly and will definitely be back!  Made reservations for 3 at 6:00pm.  Many people are like "WTF are tapas?"  I would define it as: small plates which allows you to order and try many things on the menu.  It's usually good for a group of girls sharing dishes. :)

We ordered:

*Roasted baby beet salad 
[mixed greens, goat cheese, toasted pecans, sherry vinaigrette ]
-YUM!  The vinaigrette went great with the greens and the toasted pecans were almost like candy!

*Chicken salad 
[chopped breast, grapes, smoked almonds, creamy cider dressing, endive]
- delicious!  Just like a classic chicken salad.

*Firefly* fries 
[parmesan, herbs, aioli]
- this was probably the biggest dish we ordered.  The 3 of us couldn't finish it.  It was delicious and the aioli was so good, I wanted it more of it!

*Camarones a la diabla 
[shrimp, spicy chile sauce, grilled bread]
- wasn't too spicy at all, just a tiny bit of heat, which was nice, since it was the only "spicy" thing we ordered.  6 shrimp came on the plate.

*Empanada
[pastry stuffed w/roast pork, red pepper, w/salad, aioli]
- really liked the salad.  Only one empanada came on the plate (cut in half), a little dry, but still good.

*(i don't see this on the online menu)
Lobster w/ parm and basil
-it was OK.  That was the only dish that the 3 of us didn't like.

For Dessert:

*Banana-Nutella sandwiches 
[w/Nutella cream dipping sauce]
-can you go wrong with nutella?  no.  'nuff said.

*Chocolate cherry bread pudding 
[warm w/port wine reduction, vanilla ice cream]
-good except for the fact that they use cheap vanilla ice cream and that ruined it for me.

I had a glass of the red sangria, which has a very strong brandy taste, but still good.

We all had a great time!  We left around 8:30pm and the place was PACKED!!!  Which was surprising, because the waitress did not rush us at all, which was really nice.  It was kinda loud in the restaurant, so be forewarned, but not horrible.

I would definitely go back here!
My husband and I made a super last minute decision to try Firefly after every other dinner option we'd considered failed. I mean, it was on my list of places to try... but I wasn't explicitly in the mood for tapas that night until we checked Open Table and found they had a table available at 10:15.

We were seated right away, and a waiter magically appeared seconds later to take our drink orders, before I'd even opened the drink menu! I'm glad I took a second to peruse it because they have three different kinds of sangria and I decided to try the sparkling first. I wouldn't get it again; it was more like a sweet cocktail than I'd expected (I swear there was midori in there) but the yummy red sangria I had next made up for it. The red sangria is GOOD STUFF.

We were really hungry so we ordered like 6 dishes and enjoyed them all. We had the tiera y mar skewers (steak and shrimp with chorizo), baked tetilla, patatas bravas, crab claw corn dogs (i LOVED these), lobster "escargot" (little lobster knobs in a scampi or de joghne-like sauce) and shrimp ceviche. Everything was delicious! 

The only thing really lacking was the service- the two girls at the hostess stand ignored us and kept right on chit-chatting for a couple of minutes when we first walked in, and our waiter could've been friendlier, but it was nothing egregious and the food and sangria is good enough for me to come back MANY times.
Great tapas for Vegas.  Loved the grilled octopus.  The menu is super hard to read and they need to work on that.  Shrimp al fuego - bomb, TONS of calamari in one order, awesome bacon wrapped stuffed dates.  Not the best sangria, thats for sure.
Only 10 miles from the strip, but a 25 minute drive because of all the lights.

This location is less busy, way newer, way cleaner, and way spacier than the Paradise location.

Food portions are small and pricey, but very flavorful.
My first tapas experience was at a Strip restaurant 4 years ago. The bill for two people was $70+ and we left still very hungry. I have been scared to try tapas since, until I couldn't stop hearing about how amazing Firefly was. Unfortunately, Firefly ended up being more or less the same as that other restaurant: really small plates, mediocre food, and overpriced. 

Bacon Wrapped Dates - These were pretty decent but the bacon was so hard that it could be viewed as a weapon in prison. 

Manchego Mac and Cheese - Really cheesy but I can make a 9 x 13 pan of margherita mac for only a couple bucks more. Not worth it.

Vegetable Empanada - The crust was yummy and flaky but the filling wasn't as delicious. My husband didn't finish his half. 

Firefly fries - big serving and decent but I wasn't planning on getting full from fries alone.

Our bill was $24 for those dishes and we left to get different food because I didn't want to drop $70 to get full off of seemingly mediocre food. I think if you're the type of person to who doesn't need much to get full and likes variety, Firefly is for you. For those of us who have a never-ending appetite, you'll go broke before you're full eating here.
First time at this particular location. It's a great place for small or large parties for drinks and light bites. I'm always a fan of their tapas. 

Some of my favorites include the macaroni & cheese, padron peppers, bacon wrapped dates (these weren't as good as before, hopefully just an off night) and the shrimp diablo. 

On this particular location we brought my friend's 3 year old daughter. Not the greatest location for kids, but we were running out of options and this was a good alternative. The staff was very accommodating and it ended up being a fantastic evening.

Good company helps, so I highly recommend this place for groups.
Felt like having tapas and had read good things about Firefly.  Thought we'd give it a try.  

We had used open table to make reservations and when I checked in with the hostess she said "for Jen?"  Yup, that's me.  Thought that was nice. They asked us to sit and wait for a bit because the people prior to us hadn't left our table yet.  After about 5 mins the decided to sit us elsewhere which I thought was nice.

The food was very very good. The average price I would say is about $6 per plate.  Some are $7, some $10, some $4. We had 7 different plates and the dates and the lobster escargot were the fav's at the table.  I had the Red Sangria which had a flavor that I wasn't expecting and I didn't care for it.  I ordered the White Sangria instead and sadly, still didn't like it. Of course I cannot let alcohol go to waste so I drank it anyway!  We also ordered the Padron Peppers.  I love these peppers and they say that 1 in every 100 actually contains some heat.  It must have been my lucky day; I should have hit the casinos.  The ones I was lucky enough to choose were friggin' hot!  Hot as in burning my mouth and getting the hiccups level of hot. Getting the hiccups while at a nice restaurant is something I would like to avoid going forward. One person at our table loves super hot anything and she loved them!  I did like them and which I could have had more but I just couldn't do that do my mouth anymore.  

I deducted one star because of the sangria.  The server was great, food was wonderful, decor very contemporary.  Would definitely go back.  Total bill for 3 people including tip was $112.
I've only been to Firefly a couple times for drinks and to nosh on tapas. Well, I'm glad I did since it was an excellent choice. It gets super busy come 5pm and stays packed until close..I should know I pass it everyday from home to work. Try Firefly you won't be sorry you did!
By far the better of the two locations. If it was not for my friend wanting to drive around before dinner, I would still be going to the Paradise location. These two are like polar opposite siblings; one is the dark party monster while the other is a more laid back social butterfly. 

The reasons to love the Sahara location. 
1- The fireplace is a nice touch that gives off a more chill atmosphere.
2. High ceilings and adequate lighting makes it look larger. 
3. It is not crazy busy, so we were sat right away.
4. Staff are quick to drop off food, remove dirty plates, refill drinks, and even pour my sangria for me.
5. For the first time in eons, I checked the bill and it was right. (The last three times my group went to the other one, we had to get things removed because they never came or they ran out and didn't take it off.)
6. Food is still delicious (Different presentation style then the other one, but flavors are spot on.)
7. Right now they have Pumpkin Beignets. They are not really beignets, more like donut holes, but still delicious. 

The reason to dislike the Sahara location.
1. If you are sitting on the high tops near the door, a cold draft hits you every other minute. 

The Lamb Skewers were tender and juicy. They sat on a bed of lentils. I would have been happy with just a bowl of these phenomenal legume. The purple onions contributed to the flavor and gave them a nice bite. Duck Roll with a hoisin reduction will always be high on my list of to get items. The Stuffed Dates and Patatas Bravas are also crowd pleasers. 

We made the mistake of getting a pitcher between the two of us. $28 is a great deal compared to the regular price for two glass, so it was a no brainer to just man up. This man will be giving up alcohol for a while.
I had never had tapas before. Did not even know what it was. My son suggested this for lunch. 
It was amazing. the food was so good. by far one of the best meals I have ever had in Las Vegas. 
The Artichoke Toast was my favorite. Everything I tried was delicious. 
The service was excellent. 
I can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu.
I've been to their other location on Paradise Rd. a few other times before, but the boyfriend and I decided to try this new location. We were surprised that this location was pretty spacious compared to the other one. The atmosphere is similiar to the other location. However the food was AWESOME! We had Stuffed Dates (always order this when we go there), Fried Calamari, Ahi Tuna Skewers, Lamb Skewers, Lobster Escargot and a pitcher of the Red Sangria. Oh! and we also had a small plate of bread with olives & butter. (yummy!!!) YES! That was a lot of food for 2, but as parents on a date night it was a must! Haha! I LOVE their food, but when someone mentions Firefly's, I automatically think SANGRIA!!!
Great place to be loud and socialize. Portions are small and cost between 3 to 10 for tapas, and 12 to 20 for entrees. There is dessert but we never try it cuz we get filled up fast on tapas.
We had our company holiday dinner here on Saturday night. The place was hoppin by 6 when we arrived. We were not totally satisfied with where they sat us, but the manager apologized and sent our party of 12 a couple of pitchers of Sangria. That was VERY nice of him and we enjoyed both the red and white Sangria. Yummy. 

Service was wonderful, our waiter was very patient and diligent. We were somewhat slow and indecisive as a group so that was appreciated. 

Food was awesome! I didn't have a single bad or unsatisfactory dish:

calamari - OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
veggies and lentils 
bacon wrapped dates
duck roll
beet salad
Thai beef salad
apple and manchego salad
crab corn-dogs
steak and mushroom skewers
banana nutella sandwiches
chocolate bread pudding

...that's all I can remember right now. 

I haven't been to this location of Firefly, and it's been years since I've visited the other location so now I'm wondering...what took me so long to come back? LOL I won't let that happen again.

Prices were very reasonable and we all ate our fill but didn't break the bank!

I will certainly return to try some other items and get another excellent pitcher of Sangria. Mmmmmmmmmmm.
I was thrilled when this location opened up since I don't always want to drive all the way to Paradise. My friends and I had frequented both other locations many times and Firefly is a staple for me when I'm trying to find a nice inexpensive meal with good ambiance. My friend had never had tapas before and was on a bit of a budget so I figured this would be a great way for her to get a nice variety and still save a bit of cash.

We had about six plates between us and left pretty full. I always have my tomato basil soup, eggplant cannelloni, and one new item. Everything tasted just as great as usual and my friend would not stop raving about her Thai Beef Salad. Service was a bit slow but it was understandable since we hit the lunch crowd and there were a couple of large groups doing holiday parties in the restaurant. Our server still came by frequently to check on us and update us on our food. I'll definitely be coming back to this location more since it saves me the extra 20 minute drive to Paradise!
Ok, my top dishes...so far...the dates, the shrimp diablo, filet skewers, and the cheesecakes with passion fruit sauce!  The service is always excellent, though the wait times for a table are sometimes a little long. (hazard of a popular place)
Terrible service.  Twice in two weeks I have tried to dine here only to be told the kitchen closed early because of a lack of customers.  This is terrible and a properly run national chain restaurant would never do this, I guess this explains why so many local restaurants fail.  I will never return again and waste my time! 

Wayne Gorsek
I really liked this place.  Great place to meet after work.  One trip to Spain and now I'm hooked on tapas.  I think this is the best place in Vegas for tapas.
The place was packed.  I don't remember all the tapas we ordered but there wasn't a bad one.   The sangria was excellent.  Good food and drinks.

On the service side it lacked.  Our busser took better care of us than our waiter.  I watched our busser in action and he was keeping the place going.  He was busting his ass.

Three stars
I was visiting my friend in Las Vegas and he happened to bring me to this nifty little joint...and by little I mean quite large. When we first walked in on a chilly Tuesday night, the restaurant seemed poppin'. After looking around, I realized most of these kids were teenagers! WHY! Is this where the cool kids flock to during the weekdays in Vegas?

The hostess seated us after a few minutes and we took our orders. I was FREEZING! Has this restaurant heard of a thing called HEAT?!?! It was especially cold for my table because we were positioned right next to the patio door. Every time someone walked through...WHOOSH! A slap of cold air delivered directly into my face. OK, so maybe I'm exaggerating a bit...but it was cold!

I ordered the meatball tapa, a nice salad, and the sliders. They were all extremely satisfying! I especially liked the sliders, but I was a bit full off of my other orders and the bread. My friends ordered the fries...and that meal...was...wow. The fries themselves weren't fantastic, but when you have a bunch of friends at a table just talking...the finger foods will inevitably be eaten just because they were there in front of us.

So that was our meal. A little pricey for the drinks...the service was subpar...and I was shivering most of the time. But if you're going here to catch up with some friends (or make new ones), by all means...go for it!

I can't say that I'll be here again because I don't live in Vegas, but I wouldn't mind returning if someone wanted to go. So all in all....mediocre.

Bring a jacket.
Andy is awesome and friendly and makes awesome drinks. I came here on my birthday after a terrible lunch experience (elsewhere) and he brightened up my day!
Headed to this location after driving by the Paradise spot and seeing a ton of people outside the front door. It was also busy here but at least we could wait indoors near a fire place. There were some less than optimal seating options near the constantly opening doors that we were crossing our fingers not to get called for. Luckily we got a table not near the doors(patio and front entry way). The service was fantastic, especially compared to my last two visits to the Paradise location. The staff was attentive and friendly. The dishes were mostly good but some were a little different that we expected based on previous experiences at Paradise. Most were as good or better but the Chorizo and Clams was the only one that was WAY OFF. The menu description even stated the sauce was made of white wine yet the sauce here was made of a heavy tomato base and came across more as a pasta sauce. The chorizo was the saving grace as I think it ranks right up there with bacon. Overall, I would return to this location based on service even though it is far from my home.
Love this place! The small "Tapas" style food means I get to taste several items, which makes my taste buds happy:) Food is priced well, atmosphere is fun and funky, and the service is super.  Have and will continue to visit. 

P.S. Mac and Cheese is magnanimous!! Order one for yourself, you wont want to share this Tapa.
Love the small portions and great atmosphere.
I went on a Friday between lunch and the happy hour crowd (guessing). The restaurant was 60% full and the bar area was relatively empty. But, I thought a pretty good showing given it was 2:30 pm. I had never been to this location (except to buy gift certificates) but have been to Paradise a couple of times, but it's been a few years.

Service was really good. My waitress was attentive but, agree with other yelper, the bus guys bust their butts and there was always one around to order more food (yes, surprised they did this, needed more water, or plates cleared).

Food was great too - I am not a drinker but everyone else had a drink - I do not eat meat for the most part and everything I ordered was delicious. In order of tastiness:

1) Thinly sliced roasted eggplant stuffed with cheese (goat, I think), with a little tomato sauce
2) Veggie empanadas - first time I have seen empanadas served without meat - YUM, you won't even miss it - seasoned empanada eaters
2) A tie with above, the salad of apples, manchego cheese and bits of smoked almonds
3) the potato espanola thing, a potato casserole, this may have been better but, it was the last thing to come out and the other dishes were so flavorful. I couldnt tell if this really fell short of the others or if it was timing.

I had the berry lemon tarts for dessert - presentation was pretty and they totally hit the spot for the sweet little something.  I ordered this from the bus guy, and had asked him the flan or the lemon tarts - he hesitated giving me his recommendation but, said for him, the tarts. Good recommendation! 

Tapas generally are pricey given the quantity but, I thought my experience at this location was better than what I remember of the Paradise location.
We were able to slip into Firefly during lunch when it was not too crowded. With a group of 12, we were lucky that it wasn't. However, the restaurant doesn't plan so well for larger groups with the tapas styles, as all the plates we were ordering didn't fit so well on the table that we were at. 

The menu has a wide array of items and everyone should be able to find an item that they like. I personally enjoyed the filet minon sliders with a good balance between the sauce and feta. The ahi tuna was a little tough and would have been better if just seared on the outside instead of completely cooked. However, in the tapas style, it was great to try a number of dishes you didn't order to add to what you did, such as the mac and cheese which was pretty good considering I am not a big mac and cheese kind of guy.

They also have a good selection for drinks to compliment the various tapas. With a good wait staff and good ambiance, I would say I'd be back, but only if I drive, as it was a bit out of the way.
I love freaking tapas! This place was a great birthday dinner location, and I had a blast! We came an hour before happy hour ended so we were keeping those drink orders rolling since they were half price! We had the pumpkin spice martini, pomegranate martini, a martini with ginger (I'm sorry! I forgot what the name was), and the passion fruit mojito.

Passion fruit mojito? BOMB!
Pomegranate martini? BOMB, but strong
Pumpkin Spice martini? Strong, spicy, and EXPLOSIVE in your mouth!

The food? I honestly lost track of how many items we ordered because it just kept coming! They were all so good! I mean we practically ordered half of the menu.

Chicken skewers: so full of flavor and tang, that its kicking soccer balls of flavor in your mouth. chicken very tender.

Beef and mushroom skewers: very very good. Tender, juicy, and flavorful.

Fish sticks: a great crispy breading with a very tender filet.

Lobster escargo: AWESOME.ORG!!!

Ceviche: Very light, and soft flavor

Honestly, we had more food, but I just lost track and couldn't remember thanks to the food coma I had towards the end of our meal. I was so stuffed and buzzed that I didn't quite know what hit me more...

The service was great! The server and bussers came back to check up on us every 15 minutes, and they didn't mind at all that we kept making more orders. Most of all the nice waitress gave me and my friend free tres leches cake with a nice candle for our birthday...we didn't even ask for it. Aw..she's so sweet. HUGS FRIEND!!!
I love Firefly...I've never been to this location though. I find this location more convenient, the food and service was just as good as the Paradise location.
I always get their yummy Stuffed Dates, Filet Sliders, Lamb Chops, Tempura Shrimp, and Ham and Cheese Croquetas.
The Artichoke toasts,  Padron Peppers, Firefly Fries, and Baked Tetilla are tasty as well. Not a fan of the Albondigas, a bit plain, nothing exciting going on there.
Their mojitos and sangrias are perfect belly washers. The complimentary olives and toast with butter spread is perfect. Fun place for a group to pick a bunch of tapas and share, then you get to try more.
The only dessert I've ever had was their Chocolate Cherry Bread Pudding which was bit too heavy after all those tapas.
Manager emailed/called after my prior review about closing kitchen early and apologized and offered complimentary meal.  This is how you should treat a customer and as a result I have returned them to five star.  The Sliders, Padron Peppers, Fries, Mushroom Tart, Complimentary Bread and Spanish Red Wines are awesome and at reasonable good value prices.
Love the firefly. They are so friendly and helpful choosing from their nice variety menu. Everything was yummy and we were served promptly too. The decor and Music is very tastfully done. The bartenders are friendly and the drinks were amazing. This was our 20th time in and will go back soon. If you have not gone you are missing out. Try the bacon wrapped dates. I promise you wont be dissappointed. You will be hooked.
This. Place. Is. AWESOME.

I cannot express this enough. The tapas here are so delicious to the point it's exciting. It's exciting because the plates are small but SO packed with flavor. The menu is practically an all-go menu. No matter what you choose, it will always be satisfying. I have tried maybe every dish on their menu due to my constant cravings. I guess that's what makes it exciting -- you never know what to expect but you will always know your taste buds will be happy. Another thing you can't miss while you're here: their mimosas and their flavored mojitos. 

If you're looking for a good time with friends, or here for a first date, you won't be disappointed. 

Omnomnom
I planned my birthday party to be held at this location last month and these people really delivered.

I had a group of about 25 and had setup reservations for the lounge area.

I showed up and they allowed me to choose how I wanted the seating arranged which was great and they had it done in less then 10 min.

The waiters were very understanding and very nice. There were no struggles with orders and no conflicts what so ever with anything. Everyone had fun and enjoyed being here I personally absolutely love this location and the staff here are seriously beyond fucking great. Really great managers too I reccomend anyone to go that loves eating tapas.
I never thought going to a different location the food would be different. 

*Food*
5/5 Bread w/ sweet almond butter spread: I'm addicted to this FREE appetizer. It's just a simple french bread cut into slices with olives and this amazing sweet almond butter spread.  

3/5 Baked Filets of Tilapia: Tasted like your normal fish sticks with tarter sauce. It came with a salad and this light dressing. I loved the dressing very light and I can't really explain it but it was delicious. 

4/5 Ahi Tuna Skewer: The tuna's seared with mango's left in a a sweet soy sauce salsa. First I didn't think this was my ahi tuna skewer till I realized OH ITS SEARED. I was expecting fresh chunks of tuna but its okay it gave the skewer a nice flavor seared. 

3/5 Camarones al ajillo: My favorite and one of my usual orders at firefly, I was pretty sad to taste that there was a huge difference between the paradise location and this location. Camarones al ajillo is shrimp/garlic/butter and its delicious. I felt at this location there wasn't enough butter or garlic but more lemon. It had more of a tangy sauce rather than the butter goodness I'm used to. 

4/5 Steak and mushroom skewers: One of my usual orders, I pretty sad to taste that there was a difference between the paradise location and this location. The creamy sauce the skewers are placed in tasted off. If you want to try this tapas I suggest trying it at their paradise location first because you'll absolutely love it there. 

4/5 Filet Mignon sliders: The filet Mignon came wit 2 small buns topped with some kind of creamy cheese and caramelized onions which were crunchy. Very delicious. The filet Mignon was also juicy. 

*Drinks*
5/5 Sangria: Red, everyone knows Firefly is known for their sangria. I've always gone to their other location on paradise but my boyfriend and I couldn't get a reservation there. So we tried this location and in my opinion I think the sangria was much strong here than their other location. We ordered a pitcher for 2 people surprisingly we finished it. 

*Desert*
5/5 Chocolate "tres leches" cake: get this desert, I've tried the Gelato which was also good but super bad for you lol but this cake omg.. it melts in your mouth. Its not your traditional chocolate cake you would expect. The cake is super soft and what ever cream sauce they drizzle on it is so yummie...

*Service*
5/5 The Service here was amazing! I went on Valentines day with my boyfriend. Before walking in I felt bad because the workers had to work on Valentines day. I thought they would be sluggish or rude but omg they were so nice. I had a great waitress that was super funny. Also we had a busboy that knew the menu really well that helped us with our order.
We went to several restaurants while in Vegas (yes as tourists) this was the only one that was any good.  If you're looking to find something off the strip that's good and not a mortgage payment, check out Tapas.
I dig this place.  Tons of selection and each one seems outstanding.  Great atmosphere.  Not much into Sangria, but the menu is diverse enough to warrant the reputation.  Will be back.
I was so excited to take my mother-in-law to Firefly for her 70th birthday, but the restaurant does not take reservations for parties smaller than 10 people on the weekends. 

I generally don't ask for, or expect, special treatment, but I was so disappointed when they wouldn't make this small concession after saying the wait could be as long as an hour.
So I finally got to go to this Firefly on Sahara.  The setting was nice but not as spanishy outdoor-esque like the one on Paradise.  But nontheless, it was somewhere new to try.  So we first ordered what else...Red Sangria, not as tasty but a little stronger than Paradise some might like that I did not...So here comes the bread and sweet almond butter...Yum can't get enough I even like the olives.

First order...Thai beef salad...umm portion was wayyyy smaller here and I needed a little more sauce, I liked the fact that they sprinkled red pepper flakes here but I will just ask them to do it on Paradise. Tierra y mar...filet mignon skewer with shrimp and sausage with salsa verde sauce.  Sauce was better at Paradise.  BBQ ribs, I don't care for it at all but my hubby tored it up!! I can tell you that this place is good.  We always end up sitting at the bar and eat at the bar, we don't mind.  Bartenders are always nice and helpful. But I rather go to the Paradise location for better food and more of it.
(actually 3 1/2 stars as I don't think you really get your money's worth here compared to some of the other restaurants I have given 4 stars to.) So I have been waiting to try this place over the year since I moved here but my wife always said NO I DON'T LIKE SPANISH FOOD.  So the other day she goes out with friends and ends up at the Firefly on Paradise.  Lo and behold she comes home raving and admitting I was right and we should have tried it long ago.  So a few days later she finally lets me go to try it.  Other reviewers raved about the bread but we were not offered any.  We loved the bacon wrapped figs (even my daughter loved it to my surprise.).  The crab claw corndogs were good and I did love the spicy mustard dipping sauce.  We enjoyed the mushroom tarts, the steak and mushroom skewers.  The crispy duck spring rolls were excellent.  My daughter liked the empanada.  On the negative, I would stay away from the big bowl of pasta.  With shrimp it cost $22.00 and to behonest, I have had microwave meals that tasted better.  THe sauce is good but watery and the angel hair was way over cooked.  Also, it wasn't $22.00 worth of pasta and shrimp.    Although you could probably control yourself and eat much cheaper than we did, if you aren't careful the price can add up quickly as the plates are small.  The sangria is excellent and the Paella looks great, I think we will try that next time.  The service was good as the waiters and hostesses were friendly and attentive.
Had a great time tonight, our server Mandy was fantastic, very sharp and on point with our order!! I am sitting in her section from now on.
Who doesn't love Firefly?  All I know is that I do, and whenever I go, it is mandatory to order:
1.  Sangria
2.  Stuffed dates
3.  Tres Leches cake.

A friend and I met there last night for a pre-movie meal, partaking of those requisite dishes, plus the apple/manchego salad, chicken skewers, shrimp tempura, and shrimp ceviche.  We got seated without waiting at  around 5:30pm, which is great for a Saturday night without reservations, and made it before happy hour was over.  This meant one glass of red sangria for me, two glasses of some kind of red wine for him, attentive service, delicious plates of food, and another satisfying experience at this terrific tapas (not topless!) joint.  Muchisimas gracias!
I love the other firefly but after eating there tonight I was left disappointed.  The food isnt the same as there other location its just not as good and greasy.

The employees are awesome and very attentive.  The happy hour is great prices on mohitos and other drinks.  If the food starts tasting as good as there other location I will definitely be visiting more.
Loved this place. Visited Vegas and had some plans at red rocks that took me away from the trip. I thought for sure the dinning would be mediocre out of the drag. Wrong! This place is one of my favorite restaurants. The ambiance felt like a lounge, with just the right amount of comfort mixed with attitude. Service was stellar. Padron peppers, lamb rack were tasty. Octopus on the menu? Awesome.
Loved the Sangria and lots of tapas untill our Paella arrived. Great service, no dissapointments there.
I think this place was on the TV show "Restaurant Stakeout", and I know why. The service was bad. It was slow, the servers were impolite, and they did not pay attention. Even when we made eye contact or flagged them down, we were ignored. A few simple plates took forever to come out, with no excuse or apology. I didn't even get my water for a while. The food was pretty good, but it does not make up for poor service. What did make up for the poor service was our small tip. I hope they cleaned up their act after that TV episode, because we're never coming back there.
Great food, great service. need I say more? Try the stuffed dates and chicken/chorizo stuffed mushrooms.  Tasty!
The food = Amazing. 
The Ambiance = dark, cozy and intimate.
Service = Cool, but not very impressionable from what I've experienced.
Drinks = great cocktails and great selection of pitchers of mojitos and sangrias.

Come here for cocktails with friends.  Great place for a date night with the lover.  Celebrate something special here.  Compared to the other location on Paradise this place in bigger, better and convenient since it's in my area.  

Favorites: 
-Chorizo and clams = 5 star
-Stuffed dates wrapped in bacon = 5 stars
-Veggie empanada = 5 stars
-Petite filet = 5 stars
-Shrimp ceviche = 4 stars
-Carmel flan = 4 stars
-Red Sangria = 5 stars

TRY ALL OF THEM! You will fall in love with this place.
We celebrated our adult daughter's birthday here (her choice) on a Saturday night.  I was happy they took reservations and was informed by the hostess that it was a $25 dollar minimum for larger parties during the weekend.  There were thirteen of us and I figured a drink a person and food no problem and encouraged everyone to eat-up.

The atmosphere was festive, the service was spectacular.  The food was tasty, but after sampling quite a few of the dishes I was a bit overwhelmed with too many sauces and mixtures of taste.  Others in our party had no problem.  

My husband was asking for the entree menu and everyone in our party laughed.  My daughter had to explain a couple of times that they serve tapas and only a few entrees, none that he cared for.  We never received the bread that everyone raves about, unfortunately I read the reviews after eating here or I would of asked for it.

The sangria was delicious.

$700 plus later, seemed a bit much for appetizers and drinks.  We did enjoy ourselves, but not really our cup of tea.
I am SO glad that there is a Firefly location on the west side of town! It is a very cool location for either a date or with a group.  It was definitely busy on a Saturday night, but our group was able to be seated in the lounge area at one of the tables in the back. This was great, because it was intimate with couches and low chairs, and we were able to stretch out a bit and enjoy ourselves.  Service was a little slow, but we couldn't fault them for that- they were pretty packed.

I had a blueberry mojito, and while it wasn't bad, I've definitely had better. The food was very good, however. We had the meatballs, empanadas, duck egg rolls, lobster escargot, calamari, steak and mushroom skewers, stuffed dates, and maybe one or two other things I am forgetting. The calamari was great, and I also enjoyed the empanadas.  Despite all of this food, the portions are small, so you likely won't get full. The stuffed dates were delicious as always, and so was the calamari. The lobster escargot was good, but had lots of garlic!  

All of this adds up quickly, so keep track of your ordering.We'll be back!
This is a great spot for locals to bring visitors. It's nice for Vegas to have a non-chain/non-gaming/non-smoking restaurant that has good food and good drinks. They have a great happy hour with $14 pitchers of sangria! Their chicken salad tapas is to die for. The only reason I'm not giving this little gem 5 stars is because their service is hit or miss. I feel it often takes longer than it should to be greeted by our server and receive our drinks. However, that's easy to overlook when you're getting such great food, drinks and ambiance!
When you are craving great Spanish Tapa's food (and you should often....) and are in Vegas make sure you stop by Firefly Tapas Kitchen and Bar!!  The food is amazing....  Finish your meal with the stuffed dates because it is soooo yummmy.  You won't want any other flavor to end your great meal.  We always hit this place up when we come into town which is once a quarter.  We went to the new location and it is so nice inside.  Cozy and warm.  You won't be disapointed!!1
As a chef who has worked for a tapas restaurant before I use say that Firefly reminded me how much I love this concept.  The food and drinks were amazing and the service was pretty much the same. A little slow at points in removing dirty plates but to me that is only a small thing.

My wife and I had a strawberry mojito and a watermelon mojito which we very flavorful and delicious. 

For food we had:

Manchego and Serrano plate 5 stars
Bacon Wrapped Dates 5 stars
Pulpy Asado 4 stars
Firefly fries 4 stars
Tomato bread with Manchego 5 stars
Manchego Mac n Cheese 5 stars
Lobster escargot 4.5 stars
Albondigas 4 stars
Filet Sliders 5 stars

Dessert
Flan 5 stars
Tres Leche Cake 5 stars
Bead pudding 4.5 stars
Banana and nutella sandwich 4.5 stars

Great food, great drink, nice environment. We will be back for sure.
After much consideration, my fianc and I decided on Firefly for our wedding rehearsal dinner in September 2011. We had been to both locations numerous times and loved the food. The management was very helpful in planning the event, picking out menu items, reserving the private room, etc. At the rehearsal dinner (the night before our wedding) everything went wonderfully, all of our guests had a great time and enjoyed the food... UNTIL 10+ of our guests came down with horrible FOOD POISONING the night of our wedding! Both of my parents, my sister, my fianc's mom, members of the wedding party, and friends from out of town, all became severely ill, to the extent of visiting the hospital emergency room! My family was so ill that they were not able to see family and friends that had come in town for the first time in years.  Once we realized exactly what happened we called and spoke with the restaurant manager who, when first hearing the story, did not seem all that surprised. He offered to speak with his boss and get back to us. When we finally heard back (after having to track him down) he offered to do NOTHING!  Not even an apology!  After spending quite a bit on this dinner only to have our family and friends fall ill, I was amazed.  This is the first Yelp review for me, I just had to let others know. Do not plan a special event at this restaurant!
The best tapas in vegas, hands down...

Patatas bravas.
camarones al ajillo.
Dates.
Pulpo asado.
Stuffed peppers.
banana nutella, and a pitcher of the best sangria ever!
We've been to this location multiple times. Last night we had good service and our food hit the table in record time! However, it also lacked a little bit of flavor and some of the sauces that we're normally accustomed to.

Quality control was lacking and that's the reason for 3 stars instead of our normal 4/5 star experience.
Service was very friendly. It was our first time at a tapas restaurant and decided to try it for my 20th birthday. Our busser, nick was so entertaining and personable. He made us smile every time he came to the table. he even got us a complimentary flan with a lit candle. For the occasion. He definitely made my night!
Perfect for a girls night out or meeting with another couple. Low key on weeknights and lunch can be crowded Friday and Saturday nights.Firefly has both red and white Sangria, which are both good. My favorites are the Mojitos by the pitcher, bacon wrapped dates and apple salad. Calamari is good with a group, it has a bigger portion.
Skinnier portions greater prices greater meaning inflated
This place was recommended to us by a Vegas local friend of mine and I was so glad we discovered this little gem.

We made a reservation since we wanted to dine at 7pm on a Saturday with 8 guests.  We arrived at 745 and the hostess politely greeted us and escorted us to our table a moment later.  The whole concept of tapa dishes was new to me and most of my group so the waitress explained everything and recommended a few dishes.

The best was the sangria and I tried all 3 kinds and just couldn't decide which I enjoyed more!  Sooooo good :). They have sparkling, red, and white.  They are all super tastey!!
We stumbled upon this place while we vacationed in beauty Summerlin - Las Vegas that is.  

Right away I loved the decor and the giant fireplace in the bar.  The Staff is amazing and efficient.  Firefly reminded me how much I do love tapas - 2 nights in a row.  The bar is great and comfortable with plenty of high tops, but they also boast a large heated patio.

Any tapas place worth it's weight should have outstanding Sangria in both varieties - and Firefly delivers.  My favorite was the sparkling White Sangria - it was refreshing, fruity and superb.

As for the small plates, we sampled the following:
Tierra Y Mar Skewers - the sausage is the most outstanding tidbit.
Empanada - 2x because just one a piece wasn't enough.
Meatballs - or Albondigas as they call them.
Veggie Empanada - delicious, and just as good as the pork.  Maybe better!

I sure do wish there was one of these nearby me!
Awesome servers, great padron peppers, sliders, fries, steaks and infused martinis!
I always have the best time when I go to Firefly!

They have amazing food and perfect Sangria's!

I would definitely recommend their bacon wrapped dates - cannot even explain to you how amazing they are!

I would also recommend their steak and mushroom kabob - I do not even like mushrooms and I order this every time I go there - because it is that good!

The only complaint is that it is always crowded and I hate waiting for a table. At least you can sit outside if you would like, or order a drink while you wait.
Excellent tapas and service.  We probably tried about 10 different tapas and they were all pretty good.  The tuna tartar was excellent as was the petite filet.  The petite filet arrived well after all our other food and without even asking, they removed it from the bill.  That is the kind of service that I like, not having to ask them to do the right thing.  The sangria is excellent as was the outdoor seating.  For a pitcher of sangria plus all our tapas (less the petite filet) it was $88, not bad for a big dinner.

100% would eat here again and recommend to friends
We were really looking forward to coming here, we had good memories from when we came at Christmas for our 5th wedding anniversary. 
The service during happy hour was allover the place. 
The waitress attempted to prove my wife wrong when my wife pointed out that the sangria was sparkling and she ordered the still. 
The food was really so-so. When we came at Christmas it was much better. We noticed there was not much flavor and most things for some reason now have chilli or some kind of hot sauce in them.

Totally bummed, this was going to be one of the highlights of our trip.
Firefly, oh Firefly, how I love thee!!! 

Been to this location twice now and while it doesn't have the same feel as the original on Paradise, the food is just as good. I could go on and on about Firefly, but lets just say it's one of my favorite places in Vegas and I highly recommend going if you haven't already. Although if you haven't made that decision already based on all the other great reviews, you are clearly too picky!

My only gripe with Firefly has been that there portion sizes seem to change frequently and that often the dishes are inconsistent in appearance and extras on the dish. Most noticeably to me is the Eggplant Canneloni which I've gotten several times and always seems to be different sizes. Sometimes they are big, sometimes they are small, sometimes they are medium... you get the point.

Outside of that, no major complaints.
I would rather not write this review seeing as how i have been a fan of the firefly on paradise road. I have been going there for four years.

So i have only ever worked in this industry. I am 24 years old and work in the back of the house now but i started at 16 as a hosts. I have done every position in the front and back of the house so i know the problems that each can face and i tend to give leeway whenever i go out to eat. but this firefly was another story. 

The food: 
I have nothing bad to say about the food, as always my guests ( in this case my 7 relatives from out of town)  were impressed with the quality of the food. We ordered so many different items and everyone was so happy.

The service:
So our servers name was Mandaline. she was very Rude when i asked her about splitting a check. Then when i asked her to keep track of who had what so it would be easier for us to divide up ourselves at the end of the meal she refused to do that as well. She neglected to take some of our food order, did not hold the desert to be delivered at the end of the meal like 2 of my guests requested,  after taking the food order she never visited the table to check on us even though i specifically told her that we would b ordering another round of tapas. At the end of the meal after my family had had there fill of food the check was presented and we proceeded to attempt to break the check up ourselves (which was extremely difficult seeing as how it is so loud in the restaurant and that despite everything being ordered in groups by the people who wanted to share individual checks the items where all jumbled on the check. When we figured out the check and everyone had paid their portion i handed the check to our server and in a condescending tone she said "there that wasn't hard was it?" Had our server been nicer and paid better attention to our table our bill would have been much higher and her automatic gratuity would have been much higher. but there is a price to pay when you want to give bad service. I just hope she reads this review or her manager reads this review so she can take a moment and realize that good service is the cornerstone of a good dining experience. 

I am known by my friends and family to over tip.our automatic gratuity which was applied to the check was 25 dollars. had we received better service the check would have been higher and the gratuity would have been higher. and i would have added on an extra 10 bucks of my own money at least. but thanks to the bad service we received  if the gratuity had not been there i would have left no tip. a tip is a way to thank your server for taking care of you. our server took no steps to take care of us in any way imaginable. 

Conclusion:
Service sucks, food was good as always, but i will not be returning to this location.
service was great. Cozy restaurant.  Mojito was delish!  We came with 11 definitely was good to have a reservation.  Favorite was the tuna tartare and chorizo clams.  We had at least 20 items and all were great. Lemon berry tarts are a must! Will come back to vegas just to go here
I like this location as it's close to home and the library!  Went here the other night and stuffed myself silly.  There were 3 of us and it was around 6pm and the place was hopping.  We waited for about 30 minutes, which is short, and were seated by the perky hostess.  All our tapas were great and flavourful; on this visit, our favourites included the padron peppers (mild), the bacon-wrapped dates (because anything in bacon is great), and the tortilla a la espanola.  We also enjoyed the sangria and dessert (lemon tarts and chocolate-cherry bread pudding).  Our server was fantastic and attentive without being insincere!

Come out for a good time and some great nibbles.
I went to the west side Firefly location for the first time last night. I was meeting a large group, but I got there first so I had a drink at the bar. The bar was busy, but the bartender looked cool and calm and I had excellent service, he even took the time to go through some of their new wines with me and I ended up trying a malbec that was amazing. I talked with the couple next to me and they come in at least twice a week. They said they even like it better than the one near the strip, which I was surprised to hear. My group finally showed up and we were seated right away. There was eight of us total. Our waiter was so nice and friendly from the moment he walked up to the table. He recommended some of his personal favorite tapas dishes and of course we had several pitchers of the famous sangria. The entire staff was great. from the hostess, the bartender, the waiter, the busser I honestly had no complaints... Except that I ate too much ;) The manager even came by our table twice throughout our dining experience to check on us. It seemed as if the staff worked well as a team and that's what makes a restaurant one I want to go to. I will and already have recommended the Sahara location to many of my friends and plan on being there for happy hour later this week. See you there!
Really good food and excellent service both times we went. I highly recommend this place. It also has excellent atmosphere.
Have always loved The original Firefly on Paradise, but actually prefer this west side locations ambiance more. Brittany is an awesome bartender with a great personality!  She made our dining experience wonderful. Was very patient since I couldn't figure out what I wanted to try that I haven't had before! Great suggestions!  Will be back more when she's here! Btw. The food is always terrific! I love the bacon wrapped dates, and the warm spinach salad is delicious! So many great things.........
Solid 3.5 stars.  

We hadn't dined at a Firefly in at least a couple of years so what the heck.  I actually prefer the atmosphere of this one over Paradise.  High ceilings, less cramped and more parking space.  

The menu hasn't changed much from what I remember but I did notice a couple of things like the lobster corn dogs and lobster "escargot style" so we got those at $10 a plate.  The corn dogs were the only disappointing dish of the night.  The breading was not good and it was kinda soggy.  The escargot lobster was tasty.  I suppose anything cooked escargot style would be.  

Aside from the usuals like bacon wrapped dates, empanadas (pork is better than the vegetarian) and sliders, we went with our waiter's one suggestion of the warm spinach salad.  Glad we did that!  Who knew warm wilted spinach with pine nuts, roasted peppers and artichoke would be so good??  I think whatever dressing they had going on knocked it out of the park.  The sangria packed a nice punch as well.  I would be fine coming back to this location.
horrible not tolerable waiting period.

The waiter selects and profiles who he will handle first.

We came in and sat down. The waiter never not once came to me but
Took care of TWO other older customers that were seated AFTER me. They
were next to me.

Waitresses have prissy attitude problems that owner
should be aware of.

We just got up and left.
I think we should all have a friends night out at this restaurant. Share the food (macaroni shells!), share the drinks (sangria!), enjoy the menu. Big parties are better. Firefly does not take reservations so expect a wait, especially on weekends!
Had dinner at Firefly last night. Good energy in the whole place. Waited about 10 min for a table. Waiter came right away and got us started with drinks. I had the Hendricks cucumber martini which was very good. We had about 10 items, all of which were good. Standouts were the chicken skewers, tortilla espanola, shrimp diablo, mac and cheese and firefly fries. Unfortunately they were out of lobster somewhat weren't able to try those dishes. For dessert we chose the fruit tarts and the chocolate tres leches. The tres leches was definitely the better of the two but nothing to write home about. All in it was about $45 per person with a cocktail. It isn't haute cuisine but the ingredients are good, dishes well executed and the hot food hot, cold food cold. Service was friendly and a little rough around the edges but not annoyingly so. We enjoyed the meal and the atmosphere. I would certainly go back. Next time I will be sure to try the sangria.
Excellent service! Almost too attentive! Great food! Took my husband to dinner he had never been and I had never been to this location. Very good.
This review is directed at Brooke C's rude and ridiculous review.. First off I've been coming to this firefly location for quite a while now and I have never received anything but excellent service even during the busiest times.. And as for the bartenders I've found them all to be nothing but professional and service has always been quick and courteous.. Never have I heard the bartenders be rude or inappropriate but this is a bar and sometimes the talk at the bar isn't what everyone likes to hear and if u can't handle that then don't sit at the bar.. Go patiently wait on the numerous chairs and stools around the restaurant..The food has always been very good and there are few things on the menu i havent't tried.. The wait staff have always gotten to our table very quickly and our food orders have never taken an overly long time to get there even on the most busy of nites.. I find this review by Brooke C to be very personal and attacking and think it is way outta line and uncalled for.. It sounds to me like u were having a bad nite before u ever walked in here and pretty much parlayed your shitty mood into the rest of ur evening and took it out on everyone who served u and it seems a little biased and unfair.. My opinion is u should give this place another try or just keep ur bitterness to yourselves and stay home and be miserable there., but either way your review of this location of Firefly is way off base and inaccurate and everyone who reads it should take it with a grain of salt and anyone who wants to try this place should just come in and give it a try for themselves...!!!!I
We came here for a birthday celebration and had a great experience. 

We had about 20 people, and they were quite accommodating to us all! The drinks we fantastic, loved the sangria! And the food was delish. Between all 20 of us I think we at least got one of each thing on the menu, and everything was amazing. My personal fave was the muscles in a coconut curry sauce, YUM!

Only reccomendation... it IS tapas after all, so each person orders multiple things, the tables are so small!!!!! They need some bigger tables, and maybe people would eat and order more!
Hands down on 5 stars for food and drink! However, I've noticed a decline in the customer service department. For the first time, I've left a 7% tip instead of my usual 20% tip. Step it up guys!
Really great atmosphere!  They were super busy on the Saturday night I went to dinner with friends, but they somehow managed to give stellar service!  The server and busser (this place apparently works in teams to handle tables) were attentive, pleasant, and funny to boot.  

The food, well, it's super tasty, and you would do a disservice to yourself to not come here at least once.

Big kudos for a larger space and more parking than the Paradise location.

Oh, and they're allegedly doing salsa nights on every other Saturday, though don't quote on me that as I only heard that from the busser in passing. 

Great option for dinner with friends or for a date night!
Sunday, July 15,2012. Firefly Tapas. Dear Mr. Vernon, We accept the fact that we assumed that Firefly was only a Lunch/Dinner spot. What we did *was* wrong. But we think you're crazy to make us write an essay telling you why we came for Sunday Brunch at 10:00am. What do you care? You see Firefly as you want to see it - in the simplest terms, in the most convenient definitions. You see it as a brain (making delicious cocktails), an athlete (bringing top notch service), a basket case (what's with the pictures of cocks, and was the wall paper painted after a fifth of gin?), a princess (paintings of beautiful flamenco dancers, but why are they all facing away?) and a criminal (black leather seats and rivets? Are they into S&M). Correct? That's the way we saw Firefly until at 10:00 this morning. We were brainwashed

Yup, you heard right, Firefly is now open for Sunday Brunch. If that doesn't make you squirm in your seat, moth watering for tasty tiny plates of flavor, you need to get out more.

Here is a detailed breakdown of what we had, and what we thought:

Firefly*Benedict - one Benny with chorizo - lots of flavor, but you'll need something else to rest your palate. 
Patatas Bravas - Mmmm, tasty potatoes with a seasoned aioli, very yumm
Carne Asada Breakfast Taco - good complement to the benny, this could be a bit bland on its own
Huevos Rancheros - perfect balance of egg, bean and sauce
Lemon-Ricotta Pancakes - the Molly Ringwald of the day, light and fluffy, and tasty with blueberry gravy - we had two
Kinky Kelly - this is one of their signature cocktails, like a sweeter belini with a fruit rollup candied flower floating in it
Blackberry Gin and Tonic - another delightful cocktail, perfect balance if you like gin

One last note about the service, please remember that this is tapas, which means that you are likely going to make your server run in several orders as you taste and sample the many delights. If they are able to manage this with multiple tables, with some sunday brunchers bringing groups of six to eight, they are kickin' butt. For good service, you might want to kick in an extra percent or two for the extra effort that this requires.

So in closing:

Dear Mr. Vernon, we accept the fact that we thought Firefly was a night time place. What we did *was* wrong. But we think you're crazy to no get your butt up on Sunday to try their Brunch. You see them as you want to see them... In the simplest terms, in the most convenient definitions. But what we found out is that each one of us is a brain drinking cocktails
The server: ...and an athlete, remember 15 visits to your table...
The decorator: ...and a basket case, those are chickens, not "cocks"...
Flamenco Paintings: ...a princess, isn't my neck lovely...
The decorator again: ...and a criminal, leather and rivets remind me of Spain...
Skacey: Does that answer your question?... Sincerely yours, the Firefly Brunch Club.
The other reviews were right on with the red sangria ($7), yummy!  Although I thought it was on the strong side, which is fine by me.

Smoked Salmon Toasts ($7)- raw salmon layered on top on wheat toast topped with dill dressing and capers.  Oh yeah, these were yummy.  This tapa seemed to provide the most bang for your buck.

Bacon wrapped dates($4-5)- You want to order these!  They were the best tapa we ordered.

Ham and Cheese Croquets ($5-6)- 3 fried little things that were the most unhealthy thing we ordered and were my least favorite.  Not very cheesy and did not have much ham in them.

Spicy Shrimp ($?)- Cooked to perfection and were not terribly spicy.

The waitstaff was very attentive.  Our waiter was able to split our check three ways with credit card, which was helpful.

I wouldn't recommend this type of dining to parties less than two.  It's family-style dining, so you would want to go with at least three people.  I'm not sure this place is for manly men, lol, being that the portions are small and aren't meal-like.  It's a great place for us ladies, though.

It is on the pricey side, about $20-30 a person.
Love the food and drinks, but could someone please turn the music down!  You have to yell to the person sitting right next to you to be heard.  Would have stayed longer and ordered more, but it was just too noisy.
Firefly is by far one of my favorite restaurants in the city. 
I love tapas personally. I belive that variety is the spice of 
life so I like that you get several small plates, it makes me happy!
Its always busy at this location and is becoming as popular as the 
paradise location. Its easy to spend a lot of money so be careful still
and if anyone goes that hasn't been the absolute musts are:
stuffed dates; sparkling sangria;nutella sandwiches and last but 
not least the sliders.. 
You cannot go wrong with those four dishes.. oh and lets not forget the 
manchengo mac & cheese! 
Damnit now i'm drooling..!!
This is now one of our favorite restaurants in town. We love the stuffed dates and beet salad. The food is perfect for sharing and the pitcher of sangria too! :) Firefly is a must do while in Vegas.
This is definitely a cool and hip place.  Lush, red decor and comfortable high tables in the bar.  They have a patio, which is always a plus.  Great mix of people here.  I should be giving this place 5 stars, right?  But here's the thing: I HATE TAPAS!  I hate that there are only like 2 bites of everything and the worst is when you go with a party of, say, 4 and there are 5 pieces of something and then everybody keeps eyeing that last piece and there's a bunch of fake

"Oh, do you want that?" 
"No, you can have it!" 
"No, YOU can have it." 
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah, it's ok."
"Are you sure?  Because you can have it if you want it."  Uggghhhhh.  I want to enjoy food, not play Goblet of Fire for the last bacon wrapped date.

So why am I fan of this tapas restaurant even though I admit I abhor the dining style?  Well, when it's a sultry summer eve, crisp fall night, chilly winter evening, or fresh spring twilight...nothing is better than a glass of perfectly made sangria.  And THAT is why I love Firefly.  And when it's happy hour, a pitcher of that delicious sangria is only $14.  You can easily get about 8 glasses out of that pitcher.

Sitting on the patio with my man or some good friends, having beautiful conversation, drinking perfect sangria, knowing I'm getting it for half price, and enjoying life...that is my definition of a perfect afternoon.  And I'll even let my husband have that last bacon wrapped date.
It was the FIL bday so to celebrate we went to Firefly.  It's good that he likes to try something different.  

The atmosphere was very nice, the bar area looked great for friends who want to meet up, nosh and catch up.  

Their menu was full of great options.  Here's what we ordered:
-gazpacho
-chicken salad
-tortilla a la espanola
-firefly fries
-pulpo asado (grilled octopus)
-paella
-chocolate tres leches

The food was really good, lots of flavor, and scrumptious.  Tapas can be hit or miss, but this place was definitely a hit.  Vegas is sure surprising me.
I love to try a multitude of things at one time, and tapas is the way to go for that food mood.  This was my first time going to Firefly after watching them on a rerun of that restaurant makeover show.  I was a bit hesitant, but it turns out that the service is decent.  

The food, however, is okay but lacks finesse and pop that I expect when I pay $10 for two small sliders, for example.  I also bit down on a fish bone on my ahi tuna dish.  Ouchies.  I didn't tell the staff, but I do have a picture of the bone just in case anything happens to my gums in a few days.

Any who, service was decent and the best part of the tapas experience there were the steak and mushroom skewers.  I don't dig paying that much for small plates, so I guess I don't fit into that "in" crowd.  I also didn't dig the black walls.  The whole color scheme screamed villain to me for some reason. 

Well, posh pals, I'll leave you to your tapas foo foo and stick to other ways to catch a bite.  Still, nice place, nice people, but nothing I will swoon for in the near or distant future.
Favorite date night restaurant ever!!!! It is amazing how much food you can order and still be under $100 even with a pitcher of sangria!!! Love love love!!!!
Amazing Tapas. Love this place. Great for big groups or 2 people.
This location is nowhere close to the ambiance and intimate atmosphere that makes Firefly special, but the food and sangria is exactly the same so 5 stars is all I can give. If you hate anything about Firefly that makes you a terrorist. DON'T BE A TERRORIST.

For a serious review please see my original Firefly on Paradise review. I would post a link but we all know that takes effort.
One of my favorite places. The stuffed dates are amazing, as is almost everything I've had here. Loved the lamb skewers as well. And the Sangria!!!! Great service to boot!
Got seated in a flash! Our server Michael was super nice, everything came to our table hot from the kitchen. Food was perfect! Good job guys!
Thanks to the help of the yelpers Firefly became my choice for my wedding dinner/reception.  I heard from locals the food was great and a fair price.  I wanted my guest to feel as if we spared no expense in them. Tiffany understood my needs and helped shape my vision for the night.

When I arrived earlier in the day to drop of decorations Andrea was sweet and very helpful. I left the decorating up to her and she made me very happy. All my guest commented on how festive and nice the decor looked. The private dinning room was perfect and left a romantic feel in the air.

I am a foodie, so I will try anything once. I was a bit nervous that some friends and family may not like some of the dinner choices.  But to our surprise everyone was happy even the kids with the food.  I appreciated that they brought out a few mac and cheese for them and sorbet for my nieces that are lactose intolerant. Shane our server was all over it. He tended to the groom and I perfectly.  His assistant helped keep drinks filled and food coming out for our guest. We have some hefty eaters and even they came out stuffed.

My thanks to Regina the manager who was very accomodating and nice dealing with some unexpected party crashers. LOL! A big hug of happiness and thanks to all the staff that made this evening perfect on our wedding day, Tiffany, Andrea, Regina, Shane, the cooks, and anyone else I may have forgotten.
Happy hour allows you to drink half priced, and the cocktail list and sangria is to die for. Every time my Hubs and I go, we try something new and never feel disapointed. Some of my favorites are:
Watermelon skinny Sandia cocktail(no longer on the menu but will make for you)
Octopus(pulpa asado)
Thai beef salad
Stuffed dates
Fish sticks

The crowd is worth mentioning, as well as the bar staff. They give top notch service. Cheers!
Awesome food. Loved every bite!
Ah yes. The infamous FireFly. Excellent sparkling sangria. Awesome tapas. Dinner...AND a show! 

If there was a Housewives of Las Vegas, this would be their major hangout spot. Seriously.
I love Firefly. This is one of the few restaurants where I have a hard time ordering because I love so many things on the menu. 

The sangria is great. It's an absolute must. I love both the white and the red.

When it comes to food, you pretty much can't go wrong, no matter what you order. And despite being tapas, the portions are actually pretty generous. Because there are so many options, I try to change up my order every time, but I always bully my friends into sharing an order of the fries (which are amazing). 

And if you somehow manage to save room for dessert, the banana nutella sandwiches are highly recommended. 

My only complaint is that it can be a little bit loud at times.
Totally delicious! Great date night spot or for a treat with friends. The food is really fresh, crisp and delicious, the ambiance id describe as sexy and modern and our waitress was lovely. We ordered the shrimp ceviche, which turned out to be my favorite, the Thai beef salad, the tuna tartar, and a couple other dishes. My glass of wine went perfectly, all in all a great experience. Will be back for sure.
I pledge to myself that every time I visit Vegas, I will drop by Firefly. Food is amazing, wine list is great, and sangrias are the best in town. Staff if knowledgeable of their menu, the process and ingredients...and friendly! You feel the local ambiance and you don't get stick with high prices...
Best dinner all weekend long!!! Great value!!! Next trip we skip the fancy shmancy dinners and head straight to Firefly!  Seven of us ordered three choices each, we all shared our food and with gratuity included it was less than a dinner for two at other Vegas dining destinations.  The only downside was that I only have one stomach!!!
I decided to try Firefly because there has been so much buzz about the place. So because everything is appetizer size I automatically thought I'd still be hungry so I ordered everything that I thought sounded good which ended up being about 8 plates. I had so much food I thought about "accidentally" knocking my plates into the floor so I could stop eating. The raspberry mojito I got was also to die for. The waiter did only come by once every 15 minutes, but none the less this experience was wonderful and I'll definitely be going back.
We recently had our wedding rehearsal dinner at Firefly.  We were seated in the private room in the back.  Everything about the dinner was fantastic.  The food was exquisite, the drinks were phenomenal (love the sangria), the service was outstanding (thanks Michael), and the setup was great.  We can't say enough nice things about this place.  Everyone kept commenting on how unique it was to have our rehearsal dinner there.  All the food was so delicious, but I particularly liked the chicken salad and my wife loved the ham and cheese croquettes.  But really, you can't go wrong with any of the food there.  Also, the coordinator Tiffany was very helpful and answered all the questions I had.  I really recommend this place if you're looking for a unique and fun venue for your wedding rehearsal dinner.
I do lots of research about restaurants before i hit Vegas. I'll gamble on anything there for the EXCEPTION of where i eat.  Bad meals sour vacations. Having been fortunate to have visited Vegas many times, Firefly is a restaurant that always popped up on list of Vegas favorites, especially by locals.  Never had chance to go, or didn't want to pony up the cab fare and would settle for something on strip.

My wife and i treated a friend who is local  to a show and drinks, and told him we have to go to Firefly after the show for eats.. It was a great move, and a great meal to cap off a great day.

Firefly is happening. Dark, nut not too dark.  Music at just the right volume.  A Younger crowd, but not too young and obnoxious.  Lot of service professionals frequent this place.  It was 11pm on a monday and they were busy.  Thats a testament to what they deliver on here: solid flavor,solid portions, @ great prices.

We started with the bacon wrapped, almond n bleu cheese stuffed grilled dates(5pc).  This is the signature starter of every tapas place on Earth.  Its pretty dam good here.  Not as good as the ones at La Cave (Wynn) but real good.  The Salads we ordered (Garden Variety & Apple Manchego) were great. Fresh. Not small.  But a little overdressed.  Get them dry or ez dressing.

The Firefly Fries are pricey($6) but 3-4 people can share them.  They were a wonderful accompaniment to the Filet Mignon Sliders that came with breaded onion straws.  While i doubt they are ground filet (perhaps could be utility grade), they were hearty, not tiny, and the breaded onions were great.

The chorizo stuffed mushrooms were great, but the star of the show was the Lamb Chops.  Loin cut, cooked medium in a red wine reduction with lentils and julienne cut veggies.  They were tender and had great flavor.  Must have been 3/4' of an inch thick. 2 of them for $8.50. If you know cost of lamb like i do, then you know thats very reasonable.

We passed on dessert. I had a glass of red wine sangria and it was great. Not too sweet.  Sangria @ Todd English's OLIVES= $14  The one i enjoyed at Firefly=$7.

Firefly is worth the trip off the strip and is one of the city's best values with an upbeat atmoshere.  We'll be back.
Amazing love the food and the drinks. Works of  Advice the drinks are strong but good
The menu intrigued us, but the food is only so-so.  The kitchen has a very heavy hand on sauces, drowning the food and most the flavor.

For example, the Thai beef salad.  The beef tasted good.  But the lettuce was drowning in sauce.  On top of the beef salad, a heap of fried crunchy strips that you find on Chinese Chicken Salad.  Below, there's even more fried crunchy strips SOAKED is sauce.  We ordered this because they don't have many green vegetables on their tapas list.

"vegetables and lentils" =' carrots and celery.

The boquerones that come with roasted red pepper and yellow pepper "vin" is also overpowering.  There's also dotted aioli on the plate.   You can't taste the fish which makes you wonder if the chef and staff hate boquerones as it's total disrespect for the ingredient.

The chorizo clams is more like a chili with so much cumin and chili oil, it's diarrhea in a bowl.  I could totally see Anthony Bourdain doing a schtick about this dish on No Reservations.

The roasted tomato basil soup was plain and comforting.  Especially in light of the heavy sauces overpowering the palate.

Albondigas pretty tasty.

But the service.  It ain't Picasso even though there's faux Picassos hanging.  And service doesn't even come close to the strip.  Unprofessional and uneven.  Bus boys work pretty hard, and ours was no exception.  Our waiter, however, was more interested in flirting with single women patrons and other staff.    We had to ask two people to get our waiter as he left us hanging with appetizers (3!) and no wine.  He still didn't come.  Uh hello, people want wine WITH their meal.  We even made that clear when we sat down.  We just needed a moment to go through the wine list. 

It's also obvious when there's all this SAUCE left over and separation of food from the sauce that something is wrong with the dishes.  The waiter chose to remain oblivious.  

Happy Hour from 3-6.
I didn't really know what to expect going here, but was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was.  I had the apple and cheese salad which had a little kick to it thanks to some finely chopped cilantro.  Then I tried a mini fillet mingon which took a while to get to the table but was worth the wait.  I ordered it without mushrooms and the first one came swimming in them.  It was ten dollars and in my opinion a really good deal.  The mac and cheese was gooey goodness.  I ordered the dessert platter but wasn't impressed with anything because the cheesecake was too tart for me and the rest was just okay.  The only thing I didn't like was the service was a bit sketchy.  It started out great but over the course of the meal, but the waiter was few and far between after we were seated.  I couldn't even ask for sugar for my tea until halfway through the meal.  My party had to grab several people walking by to get service and it took at least thirty minutes to get our check.  I'm looking forward to trying out the other location because the food was very yum.
Great value, excellent and interesting food. See Wesley at the bar for a Hendricks and tonic and a shot of Jamo!
A ton more low key then the firefly on paradise, but the food is just as good, the drinks are just as good, and the prices as always are the best, its just a much more toned down crowed, so If you want the up beat aura then hit up paradise, but if you want to sit back, have some good food, and make fun of your friend for totally striking out with the hot hostess, then try this firefly
Firefly is the ultimate, "anytime" go-to spot. Awesome tapas & refreshing drinks! You can come before or after work, with a group of friends or even a date. You can have dinner or dessert here, and even get hammered if you'd like. I highly recommend this place for you sangria &/or mojito lovers! Paradise mojito is my favorite.. As well as their sliders! I like their skewers and macaroni tapas. The atmosphere is kind of on the business formal or semi-formal looks. So put on a summer dress or button-up & prepare for a pitcher of your choice!
This is my go to place and has yet to fail me. Everything is consistent. From the service, to the food, to the drinks, everything is on point. All their tapas choices are very good. I've tried a good chunk of the menu and I have yet to taste something I didn't like. My favorites are the filet mignon sliders, stuffed dates, and lobster escargo. You literally can't go wrong with anything on the menu. For drinks, they have some of the best sangria and mojitos in town. It can get crowded on the weekends, so be prepared to wait or come early!
I studied abroad in Spain so I was excited to try a tapas kitchen in town. Went with a decent sized group and ordered a good selection off the menu... Wasn't let down by any of the food. It was all really good. This will sound snobby and I can't do anything about it but, a lot of them weren't the traditional Spanish tapas or pintxos (Basque Country) we ate abroad, but still good. HOWEVER the ones that were traditional Spanish or Basque WERE AWESOME. I got completely nostalgic and felt like I was back there. If you can, try to go during happy hour (Monday-Sunday 3-6pm) otherwise you will leave with your wallet pretty worked out as they charge generally $5-8 per dish.
It would be hard to express more disappointment with this well hyped establishment.  From the service, to the ambience, to the food, just bad.  Granted the place was packed (for what reasons I couldn't tell you), we were seated relatively quickly on an outdoor enclosed patio under the outdoor heaters which made it about 80 plus degrees.  They weren't seemingly able to remedy this by turning them off or down.

The drinks came well after our first tapas arrives, tapas which included flash fried padron peppers.  These peppers are supposed to be relatively mild with an occasional "hot" one.  Turns out, these were among the hottest peppers I've eaten and that is saying something after living 14 years in New Mexico.  After the third request for water, we were brought some about 25 minutes after we were seated with the first request being made with our drink order.  Basically, the peppers trashed our taste buds for the next  20 minutes.

Other tapas included grilled squid which was barely recognizable under a mountain of chopped garlic, little potatoes and whatever else made it completely over seasoned.  Diablo shrimp pretty good but again in a pool of sauce accompanied by two soggy pieces of bread (billed as grilled bread), roasted beet salad, meh.  The eggplant cannelloni was OK also, but tasted as if the red sauce was siphoned off a can of spaghetti o's.

Don't know what more I could say.  Not very many redeeming qualities. The wait staff was of course pleasant, but the service just plain sucked.

Maybe this sort of restaurant is indicative of the Vegas strip mall and chain eating scene, but there really, really must be something better.
Came here while on a recent trip after hearing some rave reviews from friends. It was everything I hoped it would be!! My wife and I tried a few of their fresh fruit mojitos at the recommendation of the server and they were very tasty! All of the food we had was absolutely delicious!!!! My only problem was it that we had neither the time or the appetite to try everything. I will definitely be returning here!
This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas! Everything is good.  I recommend the Blood Orange mojitos!
We went to Firefly on Sahara tonight. It was so amazing!  The service was great. George was our server. All the food was fresh and delicious, and the plates were large enough for 4 people to share each one. We sat outside in  seats in front of the fireplace...it was perfect. We go out to dinner and every Friday night to a different place and we will be going back there next Friday.
I always have a great time when I come to this FireFly.  The service is great, the food is fabulous ! I always get the artichoke toasts .. they are amazing !!!  The things I like.. the chorizo stuffed mushrooms, dates, macaroni and cheese and the briw sandwich served with the tomato soup... Is delic ! YUM
We have dined at this Firefly location a number of times and I finally decided to submit a review. On this visit there were 3 of us and we shared a number of hot and cold items. There are several choices of seating. Bar area, dining room and outdoor patio.  The patio has a fireplace and gas heaters. Service was friendly and the food service was timely. The dishes were delivered at different intervals as to the various cooking times. We shared the following: Tuna Tartare, Padron Peppers, Firefly Fries, Chorizo Clams, Albondigas (Meatballs) Steak and Mushroom Skewers and Babyback Ribs. All of the dishes were delicious and perfectly cooked. The Babyback Ribs were served in a Mango BBQ Sauce as noted on the menu. However, the sauce had a tangy bite. We were told the sauce also contained Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce. You may want to verify this before ordering. Since I enjoy heat it was fine for my taste. The food goes great with a pitcher of White Sangria. Cheers!
Excellent food and very fun to eat! A little pricey, but they have a good happy hour - all drinks half off, including pitchers! We have been here several times and never had a bad dish. You have to try the stuffed dates. They are small, so get something bigger to go with - but they are totally worth it. You will probably wind up ordering another round.
Go hungry! Everything we tried was amazing. Especially the sangria, stuffed peppers and bacon wrapped dates!
Fresh, great tasting food and amazing service. Speciality cocktail was great as well. Could not be more impressed. Food came out fast and did not taste like it was sitting there... Very fresh
Bacon wrapped dates yummmm!
My boyfriend and I came here after reading very good reviews about the place. We got fooled by the walking distance in getting to the restaurant from our hotel but thank goodness we persevered because I can't imagine missing this restaurant after our experience. 
We were seated immediately because we chose their outside seating area. There was a 25 min. wait to be seated inside the restaurant. Yes, it is very popular and we saw why. The outside seating was fine because the heating lamps were adequate and kept us warm. It also had a very fun and vibrant atmosphere with some string lights hanging outside and the music they played was great. We were greeted immediately by our very friendly waiter Jesus who recommended so many good non expensive dishes. We really liked that. I read that their sangria is excellent and Jesus told us it is the best. I couldn't agree more. It was very close to the sangria I've had in Madrid. It was so delicious and the alcohol was not weak. We ordered the stuffed dates, crispy duck, sweet and spicy shrimps, artichoke on toasted bread and sirloin skewers with shrimp and chorizo. They were all divine. The service is just absolutely great. Our waiter was very attentive and always checking up on us and a guy named Jaime kept pouring our pitcher of sangria in our glasses. Every staff member we met was friendly and smiled at us. The price is also very reasonable. The bathroom was very clean which is very imporatnt to me. What a gem! I'll definitely come back here.
Get the dates!! The best tapa ever!
Don't get the scallops, they are probably frozen first and were really gross/fishy. I was afraid they were going to make my husband sick so he just put them to the side. 
I have been going to Firefly for ten years and it has remained an awesome hang out. This is a Vegas must! Just watch out for those scallops!
Overall, excellent food with mediocre service.  We had the following tapas:

Tuna tartare
Stuffed dates
Camarones a la diabla
Chicken & chorizo stuffed mushrooms
Crispy duck roll
Serrano sliders
Petite filet

  All the tapas were excellent, with the exception of the stuffed mushrooms, which were a bit dry.  The food was fresh and tasty, especially the filet which was outstanding.  Prices were not outlandish and we got away under $90 for three people.
  The only issue we had was the sporadic service.  The waiter arrived promptly to take our order, but then was gone for long periods.  Initially the busboys also ignored the table.  There were only 6 customers in the entire place (Saturday lunch), and 8 servers were in the upper level watching TV and talking at a table while we waited for drink refills.  The busboys did step it up near the end, but the waiter was almost invisible.  I had to have a busboy seek him out for the check after waiting 15-20 minutes.
  The service brought the rating down, but we will be back.
Tapas - glorious tapas.
We went on our last trip to Julian Serrano...

and we must say - Firefly is world class; Julian Serrano's is run by chefs hoping to become Denny's salad cooks.

And the price is half the cost of going to Julian's (note: We pigged out so you could actually save a lot more if you were not as piggy as us.).  
The decor is stellar - rich hues; red lights; beautiful.  While Julian Serrano is right off the casino floor - none of the richness of some of the restaurants you so want in las Vegas.  Firefly delivers.

So if you want tapas and wonderful sangria wine to go with it, do not stop but head immediately to Fireflys.

Our party was a party of 3 and of course we started with their wonderful dates - just right.  Fantastic.  We continued with their lentil and vegetables (and so good). We continued with their meatballs, steak and mushroom skewers, ahi stuffed pepppers, and empanadas. All pure food magic - great taste; and so much more.  We had a very good banana desert.

The person we brought was not sure when we wanted to go to Firefly's.   He had read some down reviews about the place and said - what the heck - at least we get to talk.  And we did in our nice booth in the back.    However, his comment at the end was - This was truly the best; it is a memorable meal; it is fantastic.  And the reviews I read - they must not have eaten here.  

Locals love this place as well as visitors.   Its closer to Red Rock Casino than the strip but if you have a car its worth the short drive.  All in all - a big thank you to the cooks, the wait staff; and everyone at this fantastic restaurant.
We love tapas and have tried a number of tapas restaurants in Vegas.  This was our favourite - atmosphere is inviting and the food was outstanding!  

We had the eggplant canneloni, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, pork empanadas, duck roll, mussels,  lamb skewers and the sliders.  All of it was excellent and very fresh.

Go at happy hour (3-6 pm), and all the drinks are half price.

The only downer - The busboys and servers were friendly, but our waitress seemed like she had better things to do.  She did her job, took our order and no further.
Never again will I step foot into this place! I have never been treated so horribly as I did last night while dining at this restaurant. With the temperature here in Vegas being 30 degrees, they decided to sit my family and I on the "patio" with space heaters. When asked if we could have a different table that is in a warmer place we were taken to a table that was NEXT to a space heater. In top of that, the waitress acted like it was a bother and didn't even offer us a table inside or give us the option to wait for one. After sitting outside I ordered a coffee to try to keep me warm and never even received it! Later after calling the manager named James I was told that when it gets busy the indoor tables are reserved for people who spend a lot of money there! How dare them assume what we were going to spend there! I intend to draw a lot of attention to this matter contacting news stations and seeking out higher levels of management!
It's true - this tapas place is glorious.  World class is an understatement.  Price very reasonable.  A must.  We even took a taxi to get her.  Every dish was a delight.  Place was packed for dinner.  Service was phenomenal too - this is a must go to place!
Lovely and inventive tapas. We shared tender octopus, roasted potatoes, skewers with shrimp, sausage and filet and amazing shrimp and mangos with soy ginger sauce.

The sausage was absolutely amazing. Everything was perfectly spiced and prepared. 

The space is an awkward set up and on a cold evening, the wind came through and it was bone chilling.
This is probably my favorite restaurant. i used to go to here like 3 times a week. I love me some tapas since i always like to try a little bit of everything on the table. The food is great anytime, day or night. The happy hour is great, half off all pitchers! Their red wine sangria and their mango mojitos are delicious! 

Ooo their Firefly Fries!...I could clear off the entire dish. I think I have tried almost everything off the menu, but i cant decide which dish is like the most. I suggest trying as much as you can off the menu. Everything is delicious!

The ambiance at night is so "romantical." It does get busy at night, especially all day on the weekends. Unfortunately, they don't take reservations on Fridays and Saturdays! Other than that, must go!
They serve tapas here, which are like small appetizer sized plates. They're a little pricey for what you get portion-wise and the food is ok... Service is usually decent, but they do get really really busy on Friday and Saturday nights so get there early to avoid waiting too long
Food and service not the same as the Paradise location. Overall it is still a good place to lounge and have great sangria.
Keeping this short and sweet because I'm not a fan of tapas. 

Selection here was great. Food was inventive and nicely displayed upon arrival. For the most part, service was quick on our initial order, but then very slow on our order additions. We had to remind them multiple times about orders already placed. 

I didn't really like the type of people this place attracted either, but you'll be fine if you live in Las Vegas but wished you lived in Los Angeles. That is not at the fault of the restaurant, but still a factor in my dining experience. I didn't think the final bill reflective the quality or amount of food we received, but then again, I don't get tapas.

Also, we found a giant hair in one of our dishes. I understand no one is going to die from a hair, but at the price you're paying for a tiny dish, I except a little more attentiveness to cleanliness.
noisy atmosphere but very tasty. A must try for the snack eater.
Ok let's get one thing straight when it comes to dining you look for 3 main things to make your experience pleasurable- 1) service, 2) food, and 3) atmosphere! Sometimes one may totally overshadow the other so that nothing can really help it. That is what happened when I visited here to celebrate my friends birthday. Walking into this place it was dark but lively. The hostess were friendly and sat me right away. Be warned Saturday night was busy and they don't take reservations so FCFS. Well Jorge came by and got me started on the Watermelon Mojito (eh, not bad). We ordered the Petit Filet, Duck Roll, Ahi Tartare, Ceviche, and the mixed Paella. Believe me for two people this was way too much but it was necessary. All the tapas we ordered were delicious. The seafood was fresh, hot plates were hot. My favorite had to be the Filet Mignon as it was tender and juicy plus I loved the sides it came with-spinach and potatoes. Everything came out quick too, except the Paella but that takes awhile. While we were eating our tapas the hostess approached us bc she needed our table for a big party. Like who does that!? We were a little taken aback but we said ok. When our server came back to move us I asked if they normally do this and he said they have a few times? What? I've worked in restaurants for over 10 yrs and we have never done that. So we move and we are at a loss for words. We had a momentum of gabbing and it was lost not to mention ppl watching us move. Anyways the manager on duty, I think his name was Carlos, came by to apologize and took care of us but still it was awkward. The Paella finally came and it was enormous! It could feed six ppl. It was very tasty.  We also had the white and red sangria, both were good but I preferred the white. It was like alcoholic apple juice. For dessert we had the tarts which were the size of dollar coins but just enough for us since we were stuffed from dinner. So food was on point. Atmosphere was loud and dim, next time we'll eat in the bar. And Jorge was nice, knowledgable and attentive. But that game of musical chairs while we were eating was no bueno!
I've got three words for you: Sangria, Sangria, Sangria. If for nothing else, Firefly is worth it just for this. 
I like tapas style, allowing you to try many different dishes, and Firefly has a good selection to choose from. I try to stay away from bread/pasta as much as possible and there are still plenty of options. And any of their locations are good. 
Why a 3-star you ask? It's a good consistent place, but food quality lacks for me to be able to give it a higher rating. I usually keep my higher ratings for grass-fed beef, free range chicken, organic option places. 
For lunch I get the chicken salad tapa, which is plenty for me. For dinner, it's a great place to go with friends. My top favs that I always gravitate to are: the Firefly fries (addicting), stuffed dates (very addicting), chicken skewers and petit filet. 
Drink Menu: White or Red Sangria, can't go wrong! Goes down like kool-aid. Not a fan of Sangria? They also have an excellent Pomegranate Martini.
I've been meaning to try this place for the loooongest time and finally got the chance to this past Valentine's Day! We had no reservation so we had to wait. How long? An hour and a half, according to the hostess. However, tables cleared out faster than expected and the congestion of people in the waiting area magically disappeared. 

The menu was simple and the prices were not too outrageous for me since I prefer eating many smaller meals throughout the day instead of stuffing myself full. The atmosphere was chatty and a bit upscale but not too noisy or pretentious in any way. The waiters all looked sharp and young, which probably helped. However, one gripe of mine is that our waiter was not so attentive at the right times and overly attentive at the wrong times. 

We tried 8 different tapas, my favorites being the lamb skewers, the eggplant, the shrimp ceviche and the chorizo clam. Everything else was pretty tasty as well. The fries were missing something though, and looked better than it tasted (even with the yummy aioli). Maybe I'm just used to stronger-seasoned fries.

Overall a good place to go for a night out with friends or a date.
Of all my times at Firefly, my only thought is "hit or miss." It seems to always be a trade-off between good service, or good food.

Friday and Saturday nights - good (not great) food, ambiance, and lots of [great] sangria. But you won't see your servers much. Any other time, it's a little less crowded, you'll see your servers plenty, and the food is for some reason a little more mediocre.

Anyway, if you're looking for new things to try, I'd say go for the Thai beef salad (if they still have it), any of their beef skewers in general. Their fries aren't too bad, either. I would avoid the ahi skewers and the scallops. They were both rather tasteless and clearly frozen prior.

In general, Firefly is definitely somewhere you go to enjoy the ambiance and some sangria. If you're hungry, you're going to fill up on expensive and mediocre items. Consider that your PSA.
Delicious tapas! I always order the same things like the apple & manchego salad, empinadas, & bacon wrapped dates! We are becoming regular tapas eaters and love what comes from the Firefly kitchen. Can't wait to go back.
This is a great spot. Friends of mine took me here while I was in town visiting, and I was impressed with the ambiance and large menu.

I ordered the sparkling white wine sangria, and it was so delicious! My favorites that we ordered were the apple & manchego salad, bacon wrapped dates and ahi tuna tar tar. 

Can't wait to come back to this spot every time I'm in Vegas.
I'm torn. I loved this place the first few times eating here, so my wife and I decided to come here for a private event (our rehearsal dinner). The food was good, as always, however the service left something to be desired. 

We were told that, with the package we chose, we could have 6 different tapas and they would be served family style and  be all-you-can-eat. Well, there's a catch. Not only were they served on the usual small plates (not very family style-ish), but you can only order more food once all the courses come out. So after waiting (at least 10 minutes between each course), we were finally able to order more. By that time, though, no one felt like waiting any longer. 

The servers, though hard working and somewhat nice, seemed to be blind as to making sure drinks were adequately filled. Most people had to ask (in some cases, several times) to be served a drink.

I like this place. I love the food. There just seemed to be a little bit of a breakdown the night we were there. I'll be back, but won't be booking any more private events there.

Another tip: This is, in my opinion, the best tapas place in town...including the ones found on the strip. And DEFINITELY the best value.
I was so excited to see that Firefly added a restaurant closer to my house! This is my favorite place in Las Vegas to go out to dinner too. I love that it isn't a chain and is one of a kind. Even though their sangria is very popular the mojito is where its at. My favorite mojito is mango although their passion fruit and blueberry are in close second and third. I love that all of their plates are small portions. I love going with a group of friends or family and choosing many plates. That way you can sample much of their menu without getting too full. My favorite chilled tapa on the menu has to be the apple manchango salad. If you haven't tried it yet it is a must! Their petite filet is also a must try! If you are vacationing in Vegas or just a local this is a restaurant you will have to try! I have been to the one on Paradise as well and is just as great! I really want to visit the one in Henderson as well because I heard the view there is amazing!
This is one of my favorite places to go when I'm in vegas. Its perfect for a girls night out or a nice date. 

I was weary about coming here at first because someone told me it was mainly shell fish in their food, and I'm allergic, but they were wrong.

I've been here quite a few times, and my favorites are the mac n' cheese, bacon wrapped dates, the duck with plum sauce, the kobe sliders, and the fried bacon cheese balls. 

The sangria is to die for, especially the champagne sangria... Yum.

It can get a bit crowded, but other than that the ambiance is pretty near perfect.
Came here for the first time for a friends bday. I had heard soooooooo much about this place from pretty much every one I know so I was pretty excited. The place overall is very busy, noisy, and dark. All the servers and waiters were very courteous and never forgot one of our orders. Excellent. All the tapas that we ordered were pretty much delicious so I won't bore you with the details of what to order however I did notice that most of the tapas were on the salty side especially the firefly fries and the sliders. Granted they tasted delicious, just wished they cut down on the salt a teeny tiny bit. Ordered 2 mojitos which were also good. Just the right about of alcohol for me. I would definitely come back here for more girls night outs.
I've been to every firefly location in town. This particular location in the summerlin area I've been to a couple of times and the service really wasn't all that great. 

I do love everything I've tried on the menu which is a good handful of items. I cannot say anything bad about the food on a positive note. Personal favorites are the firefly fries - crispy and served with shredded Parmesan cheeses and really good dipping sauce, delicate little bacon-wrapped dates, spicy beef salad, calamari, tomato soup, sliders, chicken skewers, empanadas, and a few others. At every location the food is similarly presented every time and is absolutely delicious. The prices are a little high for tapas, but a few options shared will still leave everyone with a full and happy belly. 

The one thing you always have to get when you come with a group of friends is a pitcher of sangria or the passion fruit mojitos. So yummy! 

The service at this particular location however is another story. It has never really been outstanding. First of all, the hostesses were not pleasant and did not really appear like they wanted to be working there. 

Our waiter was hardly that friendly and did not return once to our table to check up on us and see how we were doing when we had dined there for about two hours. The busser was not very nice either. She came a few times to see if we were done with our plates when I was clearly still eating and when I told her that she seemed really annoyed. 

We asked for another serving of bread to go with our cheese fondue dish and she forgot about that. Since our waiter never came back once I had to track him down in order for us to get a chance to order some of the Nutella crepe dessert that they have. 

I think waitstaff is pretty important. They make a big part of the dining experience and contribute to the ambiance of the place. I am not trying to bag on this restaurant at all because I know I'll be back for the food, but I sure hope I'll get waited by people who know what impeccable customer service is like next time.
I would drink of their blood orange mojitos every day if I could.  This is a favorite happy hour spot.  The tapas are good and the drinks are delicious.  Very good array of tapas and this location has a fun, hip atmosphere.

The drinks are moderately priced and the service is usually pretty fast.
My first birthday in Vegas since I went to college and turned the legal age of 21 and I'm clueless on how to celebrate. Zero. Zip. Nada. My friend in L.A. randomly chose and hell, why not try something new?

It made my birthday even better.

Whether they're hot or cold, their tapas are graciously portioned and reasonably priced. The Firefly fries are such a tongue twister to say, but simply delicious and full of crispy, parmesan-covered potato goodness. I'm also a fan of the mushroom tart, mac and cheese, and the bread. Oh, the bread with its honey chipotle butter or whatever that is. Just keep it coming!

Their watermelon mojito was just balanced and refreshing. I didn't quite like the pomegranate drink with the lillet blanc, and it's precisely because of the aperitif wine that was mixed in. Just haven't acquired a taste for wine yet, so don't let my opinion sway you against ordering it.

For a Friday night, the place was packed, but the service was excellent and the dishes came out in a timely manner. They're definitely on top of their game. Parking can definitely be an issue, so try and carpool if possible. No reservations on Fridays and Saturdays, but hey, more reason to come early for their happy hour right?

Now that I've got a new go-to place, I absolutely would love to try out more of their menu and grab a drink with coworkers or spend a night out with the girls.
I cannot recall the name of the dish I ordered but its a steak dish with potatoes and Marsala sauce. Anyhow, completely different from the one at their Paradise location. Same menu, prepared completely different. 

Service:
Very slow and waitress was not very nice. She snapped at me when I told her dish was prepared completely different from Paradise location. She said it wasn't possible because they use same recipe. She didn't ask if I wanted anything else, instead I brushed it off and ate it anyway. Later, she comes back and apologized after confirming with Paradise location they do in fact prepare differently. Again, she did not offer to bring something else. 

Conclusion: 
Sangria is awesome. I love this place, just not this location. To wrap up my story with cherry on top; we come to find out later the the restaurant gave themselves a $20 tip! Of course we disputed this charge and recovered the money but will probably never go back to this location.
Fantastic and fun... tapas and atmosphere!  As a party of 5 we got to try a plethora of items, along with a pitcher of red wine sangria with bits of apple and pear (half price during happy hour)! 

The most authentic tapas  I've had since Barcelona... and that's saying mucho gusto. The Serrano ham was paper thin, soft and delicious, on toast with sun-dried tomato and manchego cheese. Don't miss a plate of the Padron peppers... roasted and doused in olive oil and sea salt. My favorite was the shrimp diablo... grilled and hot in a delectable sauce that was just the right burn. Stuffed chicken and chorizo mushrooms were awesome as well as the phyllo topped sauteed mushrooms in a lite cream sauce, The empenada actually seemed mundane after the myriad of flavors the other dishes had! Wait staff was efficient... serving the  plates taking and taking away the finished ones at an appropriate pace. Tried the dessert platter to top it all off and it was just enough... 2 bites of tres leches chocolate cake, mini cheesecakes, ice cream and a pirouette cookie.Perfect! Bill came in at about $30 per person for a feast.
The food is always amazing at Firefly's and the bar staff is always very friendly and their drinks are very generous. However; I have now dined in twice at this location is Summerlin and both times received pretty bad service. The most recent visit the server was quite friendly but almost absent the entire time. The first time the server was very unfriendly and only came to our table once to take our order, once to bring the food and last to bring the check. I gave him 0% tip. The second server received a little over 20% because he was really really nice and he did look busy. I would highly recommend checking this place out as a TACO TUESDAY spot. they have great tacos for 2 bucks a pop and they also have latin night so the place is open until 3 a.m. Blah blah blah
Everytime i go to Vegas, this is one of my favorite stop.  I absolutely love the food and the service.  I'm not too excited about the waiting, but it's worth the wait.  Best time to go is probably at noon or early evening because anytime later, you will waiting in line. This is not on the strip so do not attempt to walk there.  I wish I had a private chef in my kitchen that can cook like this.  The portions are not too small and each plate have their own special flavor.  If you don't like something, try it anyways, because they would change your mind. For example, I'm not a fan of dates, but the way they make it, I finished the entire thing.  As I'm writing this review, I'm actually thinking about taking another trip!
Really fun place to eat.  I love the tapas menu, the small servings allow you to sample several different items.  One of my favorite restaurants.
The food is very tasty but the service is very lacking.  The servers are very friendly but not attentive at all.  The last three visits we were never asked if we wanted a second drink or more tapas.  It hasn't mattered where we sit, the service has been very poor.
This place isn't bad but it isn't the best. I must admit that I must get my artichoke toast, bacon wrapped dates, and albondigas fixing every couple of months. The atmosphere is cool for an after work hang out. It's not too much of a bar but not too snobby.
The ambiance of this location is what you'd expect of Summerlin. It's a cool, hip and more trendy vibe. Service is on and portions seem a bit bigger.
We came here a couple months back with a large crowd. We ordered the sangria pitcher which was very potent but very good. We love the complimentary toast with honey almond butter & green olives which were set down immediately after we were seated. Ordered our favorites like bacon wrapped stuffed dates (get a few of these because they go fast), artichoke toast (love the creamy garlic sauce and grilled artichoke), manchego mac & cheese (comfort food) big bowl of pasta (which is like angel hair pomodoro with vegetables), tuna tartare & taro chips (perfectly fresh & good portion), albondigas (a little dry), the empanadas (were ok).
For what seemed like a lot of food & multiple orders, plus sangrias & other alcohol, we were very surprised with the reasonable bill. Fireflies is definitely our goto spot for tapas.
been to the original numerous times and i was excited to try this westside addition.  overall the food is good but it lacks the atmosphere of the paradise location.  it looks exactly like it did when it was z tejas.  started with the serrano ham and monchego cheese tray.  the ham was buttery and the cheese had a nice sharpness that paired well with the meat.  overall an excellent start.  we also had the suffed peppers.  they were also very good.  we then ordered calamari and croquettes (neither were my choice).  the calamari was ok but too heavily breaded and the dipping sauce was way too strong.  i didn't care for the croquettes at all.  they were mostly cheese.  in fact, i tried to dig into one and find some ham but i couldn't.  the croquettes at cuba cafe are much much better.  service was attentive but not overbearing.
Delectable and nicely priced tapas-- Check
Sexy atmosphere- Check
Amazing Happy Hour Drinks- Check
Yummy Wines- Check
Creamy-almondy-savory butter, olives,  and homemade bread- Check
Orgasmic stuffed peppers- Check
Yummy house made Sangria- White or Red- Check
Bacon wrapped dates- Check

I am in love with everything about this place. When I am back in Vegas I will be back. During my last visit, we went two times in one weekend!
Perhaps the best dining experience in the past ten years! Nothing less than top-notch food, and the service was prompt and polite. Kudos to the professional staff, from the manager Carlos to our table expert, Jorge. Value for money, my friends! Do yourself a favor: get over here, and know what being treated well tastes and feels like.
Terrible service from the two hosts at the front desk. They let FOUR other two-person pairs get a table before we did, and we arrived FIRST. It got frustrating to the point where I decided to directly confront the Host staff, and refused to step out of the way (i'm intentionally making them uncomfortable) until she made it certain that we are getting our table NEXT. 

Insanely expensive tapas for portions the size of little niblets. At least Sammy's Woodfired has tapas that are considerably larger, two of which can add up to a meal. 

But between me and my brother, we needed around 8 or so shared between us to get full. With a humungous freaking bill totalling over $70 before tips. 

At least our actual server for our table is fairly fast on his feet and competent. Both of us tipped him while specifically telling him not to pool his share to the Hosts. 

Oh, and this is not the same location as the 2nd one on Paradise, which is all the hoopla about the food poisoning outbreaks and restaurant closure by the health department (read the Review Journal). And as far as I can tell, me and my brother never got sick from our one and only time coming here. 

Watch out for the drivers in this side of town in the establishment's parking lot. The locals don't care if they hit your car or run over your infant toddler, since they got plenty of dough to hire their lawyer and fix up their Mercedes while suing you all the way to a homeless shelter. 

In fact, I would say that as a poor person, I wouldn't ever want to be taking my own car to Summerlin and definitely not a place as trendy as Firefly. The locals on this side of town make running over "peons" like a GTA video game.
These chain of restaurants have the best service that you can get in Vegas, it is genuine and warm. I've worked for the industry in Vegas for almost 3 years and it is so refreshing to find servers and service of these quality. Going to firefly, we are helping our local community by investing more in our local business. It is a versatile place to dine out, either for a date, friends, or even family reunion. I am latina and firefly is THE only place in vegas that offers a tasteful place to enjoy latin american culture. I hate to hear people bad-mouthing these great restaurants, but plz keep in my these are ignorant people. Before any out there start pointing fingers, check your own kitchen and how you prepare you on own food, there are more chances that you will get food poison in your own kitchen, than in Firefly. Media is just taking advantange that Firefly is a place loved by locals and they are just making money out bad publicity. I can speak for my friends n myself that i will go back to firefly as much as I always do ( which is twice a week, every week) no matter what. Thanks again and please support our local business
The food and the ambience is always good.  I have had both the red and white sangria and I can say, they are both so good I can not choose a favorite.  All the tapas are delicious but my favorites are the stuffed dates, the eggplant, and the calamari.  Tuesday evenings after 10pm, the restaurant has a DJ playing great Salsa music and makes part of the restaurant into a dance floor.  A very enjoyable time.
The tapas were excellent.  I highly recommend the dates with bacon and the shrimp.  The thing I was most excited about was the paella, but when it came it had been cooked with too much water.  As a result the rice was soggy and it just wasn't good.
I feel the need to not only give a bomb-ass review to Firefly but to stand up for them despite what happened at one of their locations within the last few weeks.  First of all, let's all be sure to understand - when you go out to eat, you are choosing to put yourself at risk to any number of things that could happen.  You could slip and fall walking into a restaurant or yes, you could eat food that won't sit well with you.  Neither event is ideal to you and certainly not ideal to the owner/staff of the establishment.  People get into the restaurant business mostly because they want to host and give everyone a great experience.  They never anticipate the unfortunate event that the science of food and cosmic forces at work will cause anyone to get sick.  So, let's not continue to punish them because I'm sure they feel bad enough.

Again, being new to the Vegas scene, there are sooo many places that I have yet to try.  One of the fellow foodie girls that I work with had been insisting that I needed to try Firefly so we took advantage of the only night we were both free! Again, I have to say - I LOVE WHERE I LIVE! Firefly is a 10 minute or less drive down the street from me that requires all of 2 turns to get to.  The decor and set-up is pretty standard but with the kind of food they are serving - they don't need to worry 'bout it! We shared a pitcher of the red sangria that was BOMB.  I'm pretty sure I consumed most of it but she was busy talking so I don't think she noticed.  As far as food, we tried SO MUCH! I'm so glad I saved the receipt to know exactly what I had so I can be sure to try more next time: tuna tartare, terra y mare, camarones diabla, petite filet, dates, camarones ajillo and the banana nutella dessert.  The bonus of this place is that everything (with the exception of the dessert) was Paleo-friendly! I mean seriously, meat on sticks with sauces?! You've got this girl's heart.  And I'm sorry, don't put nutella on the menu unless you want to see me dominate a plate - because that's exactly what happened.  We rounded out the night with a shot of Don Julio and their Ginger-Pear cocktail and I'm already excited to go back!
Excuse that i can't make any specific recommendations. We just closed our eyes and pointed at the menu. Everything we got was FANTASTIC.

The sangria wasn't too expensive (I think $15 for a pitcher?). After a quick dousing of that my friend and I were both feeling pretty good.

The waitress who helped was very cute, Eastern European I think. She was super-friendly and chatty, but we had to let her go to help other people. Service was prompt and the food came pretty fast for the entire evening.

The place was really loud, but at one point I made a comment to my friend about the food that the couple adjacent to us were eating. the gentleman at the other table willingly offered me his plate because he was full. Not really a +1 for the restaurant itself, but I suppose it's one for the crowd.

Overall, we ended up spending about $70 and left with full stomachs while feeling pretty wavy as well. Having arrived here from New York about 3 weeks ago, it's doubtful I could replicate this experience at that price where I'm from, but I find myself saying that a lot out here.
Delicious! Love this place. It isn't really kid friendly. Ill go back over and over. Loved everything I've had and would love to go now.
Mouth-watering experience for sure! We went for happy hour which made the experience even better! For starters... the house mojitos with pineapple were spectacular. Gotta a pitcher and enjoyed every sip :} Must try the bacon wrapped dates... Ok.. we both were in heaven with each bite, left us wanting more :] Then we tried the diablo shrimp which was super fantastic!  Get extra sliced warm bread for dipping... it is sooo worth it. Let's just say we ate to our palates delight! Our waiter was great, met the manager and he too was super nice. Really like this place and it is worth going! Don't forget dessert... bread pudding... was unbelievable!  A must try!
A friend of mine wanted to meet up at the Sahara location and had to doublecheck she didn't mean the one that shutdown on Paradise.  I love tapas and I love Firefly but I don't want to sign up for food poisoning.

We ordered the bacon wrapped dates, fries, scallops escargot, empanada and baked tetilla.  I had 1 sangria and 2 sparkling white sangrias.  As always, food and drinks were amazing.  And I didn't get sick afterwards!

However, out of all the Firefly locations in the Vegas area, this one has the worst service.  Our glasses would be left dry for a long time.  Nobody was there to check on us or make sure we have enough to drink.

The one in Anthem is much busier than this location yet the service there was sooo much better.
I love Firefly! Ive been to the other two locations but this one is my favorite. Its closer, less crowed, and I like the way this one is set up. Right when you walk in you see the bar and the large beautiful fireplace. They also have a really cute patio for when the weather is good. Ive never had to wait longer than 10 minutes here and the time that I did have to wait they gave me a free glass of sangria while I was waiting! 

First of all I love the drinks! Ive tried some of the mojitos but mango is my favorite, its so delicious that if I know Ill be there for a while I get a pitcher. Their red wine sangria is phenomenal. I always think of Firefly first when I want sangria. They do have a happy hour for the drinks I believe after 6PM the pitchers are half off. Make sure you at least try one of their mojitos or sangrias. 

Okay now on the the food! Every time I come I try to get something I haven't had before but its so hard because I have so many favorites! If you've never had tapas before the way it works is you order a bunch of things (they are all small plates) so you can try a variety of food. Everyone at the table shares, its family style dining :] I personally love this kind of dining because you can try some many different dishes and everyone else can try them too! My favorites items on the menu would have to be: 

Apple and Manchego salad: Apples and cheese are cut julienne style, so crisp and flavorful! They also sprinkle nuts on the top, delicious! I always get this first whenever I come to Firefly. 

Steak and Mushroom skewers: THE STEAK... mmmm so tender and juicy! I cant get enough! OH and the mushrooms so amazing and they complement the steak beautifully. I absolutely love the sauce the pour over them, ahhhh these are a must get! 

Stuffed dates: WOW small little things but packed with flavor! These cute little dates are wrapped in bacon, yes bacon and stuffed with blue cheese mmmmm. Get these, that's all I have to say. 

Shrimp Civiche: Wonderful, so fresh and with large chunks of avocado. The chips that come with it are very good too. 

Baked titilla: Not sure if I spelled that right, but this dish has manchego cheese in fondue form with chorizo and tomato. Very good if you're a fan of Manchego cheese. It also comes with crispy bread to put the cheese on. 

Tuna taretare: mmmm very tasty tuna! Comes with taro chips! 

Those are just some of my favorites, everything on the tapas menu I've gotten I've loved! Ive also tried the chicken and mushroom piallea, very good, very large! If you want to order this make sure a few other people with help you eat it. I was with 2 other people and we barely made a dent. It also takes around 30 minutes so make sure you order it right away or have time to spare. 

Oh yeah and the desserts! I think I've had almost of them, banana-nutella sand-witches: decadent and oh so yummy! The tarts are really good, and you can go wrong with bread pudding! That is if you even have room for dessert, I usually don't because I get so much food...  If you've been wanting to try tapas come to firefly!
Like the mistress you brag about to your buddies... But have to keep secret to some you know, because you know if the secret gets out to everyone, your whole life will change... I have eaten there four times lately, and even with the rabble-rousing reports of another store in their chain~ They are a treasure I could enjoy daily!  Figuring out the menu, enjoying the service, compiling a mounting list of "Must-have" stand-by's that I wouldn't want to live without~ To the list that many great minds have sited:
Dates stuffed with an almond, wrapped in bacon, wrapped in bacon and resting in red-wine reduction, sprinkled with Bleu crumbles~ Do the math! (Or the Chemistry!)
Fillet with mushroom on a skewer, covered in a veg-mix that I don't want to describe~ You tell me~
Ham and cheese croquettes~ crunchy, smokey, Cheesy! A fantastic compliment to everything aforementioned~
Best staff in Vegas at the bar, but a big busy floor~ I get that a bit, but I'm always happy leaving, regardless of what I spend~
Value is always excellent!
Updates will have to happen~
Do get the bacon wrapped dates, as well as the braised ribs. Oh, and the lamb chops are pretty righteous too. I really wanted to try the paella as well, but the wait is pretty ridic (like 40 minutes). #lame
firefly westside has good food, drinks, atmosphere, ambiance and staff! i would recommended it to anyone! there are so many different options of food there, and yummy drinks! also, latin nights on tuesdays is fun and energetic.
OK so I have mixed feelings about this place. I looked in the Summerlin business guidebook for a place that was late night and not fast food. Firefly looked very appealing. The ad and menu in the back of the book both stated they were open until 11. We arrived at 9:25, the hostess said they were about to close but if we "hurried and ordered" we could make it. Being super hungry we decided to stay and hurry our order. There was so much to choose from that it was a shame we had to pick the first thing that caught our eye. We were excited to try many plates but couldn't because we were rushed. The Dates were great as was the steak. When the food came out we asked if we could order dessert right then they said we just made the cut off time. We ordered the dessert sample platter, it was obviously pre made/plated. The dessert quality wasn't as good as the food. Plus, we were sitting at the bar and both had empty drinks and had to ask 2 times for more beer and water.  Another table had to walk up to the bar and ask for more wine, the bartender just handed the customer the entire bottle without even corking it. I could hear employees in the back talking about how its pointless to close at 10 when they allow people to stay until 11. When one of them came out I told him that the advertisement said 11. He expressed to me that some ads say 10 and some say 11. No big deal but we just felt like we were being rushed, There were so many great choices on the menu that we were looking forward to having the full Tapas experience. Great ambiance, we will try it again but this time will make sure we are there at a decent hour.
Just call me the Firefly barfly! Love this place. Been to three locations now (one closed and reopened a few metres away)

Simply put: Best tuna tartare ever!
Refreshing gazpacho and a delightful selection of tapas.

They have a nice happy hour that is 1/2 off cocktails in the bar area.

I could go on and on, but I have already! (Read my previous reviews)
It's the fun and tasty Firefly and its just on the Westside!
One of the best.
Below average food and below average service.  The easiest way for you to see what I mean is just look at the pictures post in the reviews.  Below average food plated awfully.  Not only does the food look unappealing so are the flavors ..... bland, dull and unimaginative.  Look at the picture of the Tuna Tartare.

I guess I just do not see what people like about this place.
I came here with a group of yelpers. Not a UYE or anything, just a super casual dinner. 

We got there right at 4 pm when they opened and Vanessa N. right off the bat says "it's happy hour from 4-6, we need a pitcher of white and red sangria." I just met her, but I knew I liked her already. By the time everyone showed up, I had already gone through 3 glasses of red sangria. 

Anyone who has been to firefly knows that almost everything is yummy. I always order the bacon wrapped stuffed dates. They are sweet and savory all in one. The pork empanadas are flaky and the pork is flavorful and moist. The spicy beef salad was also yummy. Beef was tender and dressing on the salad had a nice heat, nothing too overwhelming. The only bad dish was the tuna tartare. I usually get this dish, but today the tuna was really fishy and old. Lisa G. ordered the same thing and we had to send it back. 

Out waiter was a little flustered when it came to the bill since we all wanted separate checks, but we worked it out. I had an awesome time with everyone (Vanessa, Anthony, Loren, Lisa, River, April and Doug). Sorry there's no initials for last names, but you know who you are. Vanessa and I did have to finish off Loren's white sangria. My thing is, I'd rather waste food than alcohol. So we were not about to let an entire glass of sangria go to waste.
A great place for happy hour. A great place to meet up with people. A great place for pitchers of sangria. A great place to order tapas and share them with your friends. I arrived at 4 when they opened and by 5:00 this place was buzzing with laughter and fun. My group ordered a variety of items off the menu and ended up sharing them which was a great way to sample. The sangria was bubbly and refreshing. I would definitely go again with a group of people. I did like the dark and romantic vibe of the decor and the background music set the tone of the evening.
Loved the atmosphere, loved the food. The firefly fries are so good, I ended up eating them ALL and it's a huge portion. The chicken empanadas were excellent as well. We got banana Nutella sandwiches and lemon tarts, both great! Although I wish the tarts were bigger. Great, fast service. Fun place to go with a group!
Having heard great reviews, we decided to check it out for ourselves with another couple. I was not impressed. The food was...eh, ok. Nothing to rave about. The portion sizes were not that impressive for tapas and they did not have a lot of vegetarian/vegan options, which I always look for in a restaurant. Their sangria was pretty good and our waiter was helpful. Overall, an ok experience, but we haven't been back and don't think we will return. There are better options out there.
Awesome lil tapas place! Good tapas and great service. In the same parking lot as la quinta!
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!

Yes, I'm living in the past. I hadn't been to Firefly until a couples weeks ago, mostly because I had an bad first experience with tapas and after hearing about all the health violations at the other store I remember giving myself a pat on the back for never touching the place to begin with. 

Everything there was delicious, except the tuna tartare that I tried from Marie T.'s plate which was fishy tasting enough to be sent back. I had the shrimp diablo which was fantastic, and the fries which were possibly the best fries I've ever had. I was thinking I needed to order 3-5 dishes to really fill up, but to my surprise I only ordered 2 and I was stuffed. We also ordered pitchers of sangria which were as phenominal as everyone on Yelp has already mentioned. 

My guy and I live in NLV and there are very few places that we make special trips for, but this is a place I'll be dragging him sometime soon.
My first time at this location.
I'll start with the pros: The food is still pretty good. I ordered the Patatas Bravas (roasted red potatoes $5.5) and the Steak Skewers ($9). The steak skewers were the same delicious steak and mushrooms that I remember, served in a flavorful red wine reduction. The potatoes seemed to have a little more of a cheesy sauce to them, than I remember but they were still really good. 
I also still like the original, red sangria. Red and fruity deliciousness. 

The service was good, they seemed to be attentive. One of the servers did forget to bring me a water, but he apologized, and brought it later.

The cons:
One of the side plates on our table had dried food on it, this was before we were brought any food or drink. The menu also had some dried food on it... not that big a deal, but they should be more attentive to cleanliness. 

When I arrived there was only a few of us sitting at the table and I asked if I could be on my own check. The server agreed, I only had one sangria and more people joined our group, the server told me that I had to cash out and go on the group check. All parties of six or more must be on the same check. This doesn't really make any sense to me, and is quite an inconvenience.

Also, our table was never brought any bread. I didn't even think to ask for it, and actually forgot about it until I saw the photo of it on here. 

Overall the food is good, service is ok... I'm not overly fond of the "rules" but I guess I just need to limit my group to 5 or less.
Best Sangria! And best dessert try the tres leches cake I have cravings for this plate all the time! I've been a couple times but make it an event to come here every time I'm in Vegas! It's off the strip but worth trip! ooo and that rhymes!
Amazing food! Seriously..the tapas are phenomenal and the sangria is on point! Only negatives would be they can get pretty slow with service and getting food out and sometimes the crowd is a little loud for a restaurant. I have had to literally shout to the person sitting right across from me. But overall, the tapas make it worth it. And the waiters, though sometimes slow, are always nice and helpful!
Food was excellent. Service was very good. To our surprise they even have a happy hour on Satursdays and Sundays until 6 pm. Drinks are 50% off.
This location is such a hit or miss for me. 

I first came here and I didn't really enjoy my experience. The service was slow and not enthusiastic.  The food was bland.  I ordered a dessert I forgot the name but I know it was nutella something.  The dessert was not appeasing, I would have rather just eaten the nutella out of the jar instead of ordering that dessert ever again.  

A few other times I came here, the service was great, the food was delicious, and I think that they have the best stuffed peppers here in this location.  I did like the fact that they also have an outdoor seating area. & I actually like this outdoor seating area than the one at the Henderson location. 

I would still come back to this location since it is closest to my house now.  But i will miss the henderson location.
Security ONLY on Latin night?! WTF!

JUST KIDDING, I know us Latin people are fiesty little mofos, but seriously, HELLA CREEPER at the door!

So basically this is the first time Ive ever been to Firefly and I can really only review this one night, LATIN NIGHT! So I met up with my beloveds, Vanessa, Sweet Angel Anthony, mArio, and John here and was ID'd by this hecka weirdo at the door. He gave me my free drink coupon and I went inside. The interior is large and spanish-esque and nice and cool. I loved their black and red lamps and their mosiac tiles by the fire place (I think thats what it was, twas dark inside!) The bar area is large and there are plenty of seats as well as high tables around the area. I love the high ceilings and color scheme they used as well.

The bartender WeSSSSSley is super awesome and nice and put up with Vanessa nicely. CAUFEE, CAWFEE, CWAFEE! She was rather loud and he handled her with ease. The drinks are strong and yummy and fresh mint complemented the mojitos nicely. 

I would def go here during the day to try it out. One of the things I did really like was the street taco area outside prior to leaving, for 2$ you can get pollo, adobada, or asada and you can put as much crema on it as you like.... I love me some crema!! LOL.

Go here on Latin night, the drinks are yummy, music is awesome, people are beautiful and get yourself a street taco to go!
Lovely atmosphere and great service. Everything is good and certain menu items are fantastic! I especially love the paiella and salmon toast.
As always I just love firefly. The feel, the atmosphere, the people, tapas and of course... sangria!! Perfect place and how can you not drool over those dates .. Mac n cheese ... Shrimp diabla... Sliders.. the bread pudding. I could go on forever only bad part is deciding .. love this restaurant. Lets not forget who started it all-Vegas favorite for sure. Can't wait for my birthday!
Love this place. Perfectly executed food, perfect service, perfect drinks. If I had a restaurant I would wish it would be this great. If Gordon Ramsay came into this place on Kitchen Nightmares, he would say 'what is this a joke-there is not one thing wrong here'. Love it!
ok, with all the negative press this place has received recently, you would think the service and drinks would have been better. since when does a mojito-which is a 'muddled' drink- not come muddled? they just throw some mint leaves in the glass and call it a mojito, pretty lame. the service was slow and the server acted like he was doing us a favor by coming to our table. this location has always been the worst out of the firefly bunch but this last time was especially disappointing. i told the server i wanted my mojito like it was supposed to be made (apparently, you have to ask for it to be made properly by asking for it "paradise-style", meaning the way they make it at the paradise location) and my mojito came back to me with coconut rum and pineapple juice?! it was way too sweet and was the last disappointing straw. at this point, its only saving grace is their generous happy hr that features half off cocktails. if you can get your drink made properly...
The dates were amazing! I am excited to eat here again to try more things from the menu. I will have to try the sangria, thanks for the suggestion!
I've always heard this place had really good Sangrias. But no chance to try it yet! After the whole massacre of everyone getting sick from the other location of Fireflys on Paradise, I was thinking "wth"...they should of bumped it up a notch on being clean at this location right? The service was great, not once was our water glasses not filled up. I ordered the ahi tuna tar tar plate and sad to say the tuna tasted not really fresh at all. The meat looked dark, i thought it was just the sauce. The chicken empanada came in just 1 piece cut in half. Kinda disappointing for $8 bucks if i remember the price correctly. However, the mango bbq ribs plate was the best! And the bacon wrapped dates we're amazing too. The steak and mushroom skewers were good also. Take notes, they are tapas so most of the plates are very small dishes. The dessert was next and I got the dessert sampler. The cheesecake was sour, the flan tasted like spoiled milk at first, but my friend loved the tres leches cake. So this place really has its up and downs on food plates. I would come back, but maybe think twice about what i ordered before & get a glass of red sangria. ;)
I forgot to write a review for this fabulous restaurant, shame on me! I was here for a Bachelorette party and really enjoyed the food. 

Firefly has a massive tapas menu. There's something for everyone. The stuffed dates were really wonderful, just would have done without the blue cheese. The calamari wasn't greasy at all. We had some sort of an awesome manchego cheese dip. We had a couple other items (fish/shrimp?) but I can't remember which. All in all great quality food and service, this would make a great date spot!

The white sangria pitcher was a great price, but not as good as the sangria I make of course ;)  And to finish the chocolate tres leches cake was to die for. Just the right amount of chocolate without being too rich or sweet. Very refreshing.
I went to Firefly when it was in the Plaza quite a few years ago but haven't been to one of their locations since.  We decided to try the West Sahara location last night and am I glad we did!

We started with three plates--the Firefly fries, steak and mushroom skewers, and marinated and grilled octopus (pulpo asado).  All three dishes were excellent.  The fries are completely addictive.  You cannot stop eating them.  The have parmesan cheese and herbs on them and a side of aioli for dipping.  I liked them without dipping.  Did I mention they're addictive?  I think the FDA will soon start regulating their distribution and sale.  :)

We decided to try two more things because this is tapas.  I ordered the scallops "escargot" for myself and my wife got the ham and cheese croquetas.  Both were winners all the way.  The butter/garlic/herbs with the scallops fooled one into thinking they were having real escargots.  The ham and cheese deep fried croquetas were really tasty and the aioli on them was super.

Finally, we ordered some dessert.  My wife got the chocolate and cherry bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream and I ordered the banana-Nutella sandwiches.  The sandwiches had mashed bananas inside and Nutella drizzled on top and there was a small side container of more Nutella.  Absolutely delightful!!!

Our server was Joshua and he was top notch!  He answered questions we had, recommended some things when we asked, and he always saw to it that we had new glasses of iced tea before we finished the ones we had.  It seemed like everyone in the place was very customer oriented and we felt welcomed and appreciated!

I will be back to try some more of their goodies.  But, this time I'll skip the fires.  As addictive as they are, they can also be very filling and you just cannot stop eating them.  I was waiting for my wife to say, "Put the fries down and put your arms up."

5 stars for a place with great food and service to match.  And, 5 stars to a place where my wife tries a piece of octopus and actually likes it!  Miracles do happen!
It's Kevin B.'s birthday and we're going to Firefly for dinner! I haven't been to Firefly for YEARS and I've never been to this location, only the Paradise one waaaaaaaaaaaay back when. 
This location is a lot roomier than the Paradise spot and it is better for accommodating large parties... and we were a LARGE party! We had a bunch of tables put together in the middle of the restaurant and the more people that came, the more tables they added on. I have to say, the staff, especially our server JOSHUA, were all VERY accommodating, nice and friendly, and were super nice about getting us more tables, getting the food out to us, spread out all over the table, clearing the table and getting us drinks and water! Everything was just as tasty as I remember, especially the SHRIMP DIABLO! I could just eat this ALL day and order all the bread in the place to soak up the DELICIOUS sauce!! NOM NOM NOM! The main thing I wanted waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas the Red Sangria!! This is THE best! It's the thing I look forward THE most at this place! When I think Firefly, I think SANGRIA. FREAAAAKIN' DELICIOUS!!!!!
Went to brunch today with friends' We had all different tapas. Especially Wed the hwevos rancheros and vergie benedict
ps Love You Eduardo
Epic fail firefly, epic fail. I have eaten there before and it was much better then this time. I understand that some things are just not anyone's fault or at least out of the restaurants control for example getting your tap lines cleaned in the middle of service so I can't have a second beer during dinner but I could have the first. Out of your control and no big deal. Keep in mind I manage a high seafood restaurant on the strip. I never complain or make a fuss about anything at a restaurant but the next part is inexcusable. The steamed mussels were bad and I don't mean the taste I mean the freshness of the mussels. So we told the server to take them away cause they are not fresh maybe ate four or five mussels from the dish. He takes the mussels away apologized and business as usual which is fine. Until the check comes and you still charge me for the old mussels which if I ate could have made me sick. I mean really I have worked in restaurants for over 10 years and have never seen anything like that anywhere. Wow. But I am still to proud to make a fuss paid my check and left.
Went again this afternoon for Saturday lunch, all the food was great except the artichoke bread, which we did not enjoy.  The waiter today was excellent and the service was outstanding.  Kudos to Firefly.
We were thrilled to see their new location. Ample bar seating and no one crammed around the little cocktail tables any more. Drinks are 5 stars.  Crafted cocktails with a little ingredient background to boot. The curious in our group got a little taste test of some interesting bottles of spirits. I sampled the sparkling Sangria. Delicious! The tapas menu was varied but a little lacking in vegetarian options. We ordered generously and drank plenty for a couple of hours. Our bill before tax and tip for 4 was $150. Fleur de Cossette, Old Fashioned & Watermelon mojito were favorites. Worth driving/cabbing off the strip!
Dates and bacon, pretty good. Cute venue, dark ambience. Pretty busy when we went. All the tapas were decent.
We had a friend in town and opted for the way off strip location.  It was not busy at all which was great for conversation.  

It was nice because they had a brunch menu so the picky eater was able to get breakfast food.  Highly recommend the pumpkin beignets!  As usual, everything we ordered was awesome.

We had a table full of delicious goodies to share.  The service was nice, they left us alone to visit and didn't interrupt unnecessarily.  

We love bringing out of towners to Firefly!
Great food!
Came here on a saturday night. Yes, it was pretty busy but that does not excuse the quality of the food. My hubby and I love their sangria. Ham & cheese croquetas are pretty good. The rest was so so. Plate of serrano ham & manchego cheese is served on a hot plate with dry cheese. Told the busser which brought us another plate but was not better.  I guess this will be our sangria place only.
I went here with friends while we were in Vegas for a couple days.  I'll be back  anytime I'm in Vegas again.  The goat-cheese stuffed, almond-filled, bacon-wrapped dates in a red wine reduction are AMAZEBALLS.  Seriously.  A-MAZE-BALLS. Bacon is meat candy, right?  And these are like the See's Candy of bacon dishes.  I've decided I want a pan of these instead of birthday cake.

The chicken & mushroom paella was delish, too, but next time, I'd probably just stick with an assortment of the tapas because they were so great and outshone the paella (not to belittle the paella).  The ham & cheese croquetas, yummy.  The roasted eggplant canneloni, tasty.  The only dish that we didn't love was the grilled scallops, which, with pureed saffron potatoes, seemed like a good idea, but just didn't really mesh with the rest of the meal.  The service was excellent, especially for how busy the place was.

I highly recommend it! The food was an experience and a memorable one.
If I could give -50 stars I would. Don't get me wrong the food is delish, but the service? I'm better off at the swap meet. The server Karina is extremely rude. She has 0 customer service skills. She made the biggest deal because we asked her to split a check, exclaiming "it would take too long" since she had 10 tables to serve. I had never had such a bad experience at this location. If I do come back, I will make sure our server is NOT Karina.
Great server, Joshua, great food, and super fast. It made a great birthday dinner experience.
Worst service of my life. Staff is mental! And Joshua is a complete idiot. Went there for happy hour with my family. Showed up at 3, place was completely empty and the host asked if we had a reservation because out party was too big. Waited for 30 minutes to be seated. Server showed up twice our whole time there. Once to take our order and the second time to drop the tab off. Waited another 30 minutes for him to pick it up and he never did I had to go up to the bar to pay. And still waited till my server gave me the tab to sign. And was charged for a plate that they gave to the opposite side of the table so I never received it. Plus paid for a new order of the item and still waited 20 minutes more. NEVER AGAIN DONT COME HERE!
I still love the food.... But the service is getting progressively worse! Last night we went out with friends and we had a gift card and wanted to pay our half of the bill with it. So we asked the waiter to just split the check between the gift card and the debut card. Well e ones skipping back hey guess what you didn't need to split it, the gift card had enough on it for the entire meal! Really?!? Idiot! So we explain to him that not what we said and to fix it... He comes back ten minutes later basically telling u the same thing... Umm no I want my money back! It took a total of 35 mins from dropping off the check at the table to leaving! I was so frustrated with this guy! If your servers can't understand basic math like divide by two... Then get out of there! Anyways love the food but the hostess and servers are lacking. Maybe I should just go back to the paradise location!
Our go-to destination whenever we visit Las Vegas. Great food, ambience and service! Get the Stuffed Dates, you won't be sorry. 

Our waiter Anthony was fantastic, very helpful and attentive to our large party and made Mom's birthday celebration a memorable one! Created a Yelp account just to shout him out because he was that great! :)
My family loves lunch and dinner at Firefly. We just found out about Saturday brunch and it is awesome. I don't think you can come here and not like a majority of the things on the menu.  It is tapas so you can order another small dish and try everything!
Food and service are pretty equal to me. If I have a great meal I will come back to a place. If I have great service but a bad meal I'll come back and try another item or a different time of day. At Firefly you will find fantastic tapas at great prices and generally very inconsistent service to go with it.

I have been to this location 3 times and have been consistently happy with the food. The lunch deal ($10) is basically a full portion with a side and fills you up for cheap. The brunch was really good too and offers some gourmet lunch items in small sizes. I really liked the breakfast tacos and benedicts. The chicken skewers are a must for the lunch deal and the Firefly french fries are a delicious go-to when ordering off of the regular menu (get extra aioli).  I haven't found a favorite dish yet because everything I've tried has been great so far.

The happy hour wasn't really described by my server but the gist seemed to be 50% off everything from the drink book from 3-6pm and no food items are discounted.  We got a large pitcher of white sangria (delicious) and it came out to a total of $14 on the bill, what a steal!

On the flip side the service has been pretty nonexistent all 3 times. Does your server ever come back to check on your food or allow you to order more food? Rarely, and usually by then you aren't hungry for more. Does your server bring you water or keep it full? Not when you sit in the on the patio.... although a female back-waiter we had yesterday was very attentive.  It seems that the only time we had good service was when the restaurant was actually busy instead of an off time.  The bartender was chewing gum with her mouth open while talking to guests, there were servers on the floor talking in large groups instead of working and one server was even at a table with his cell phone out for a good 5 minutes before he left the table.  We also saw that fabled creature, a manager, for the first time as well.  But with all of the above we still had an awkward server that forced some jokes and seemed to be around when we needed him, which was a welcomed change to the type of service we usually get here.

The food is fantastic, reasonable priced for gourmet style, and the service is hit or miss.  Will I be back?  Absolutely, I'll just make sure I come during regular times instead of off times.



Food: 5/5
Value: 5/5
Service: 2/5
Food and drinks were awesome. The service lacks, we asked for bread and more water for hot tea twice and it never arrived.
I LOVE this place! I make a special trip out here every time I come to Vegas. Now as a personal favor to your old pal Lauren B. Please please get some sangria. Now you may ask yourself who is Lauren B. to that I say less talk more sangria ordering. Any flavor is good really, I like the sparkling sangria personally but I like champagne so order based off what you like. 

I highly recommend coming for happy hour because it's 50% off drinks and pitchers of sangria. To me this doesn't translated into savings it translates to woohoo 50% more drinks. While you're at it try the bacon wrapped dates and firefly fries. I would avoid the fish sticks they were good but I felt like two small strips of fish was overpriced for $9.
Get off the Strip and go somewhere that is un-pretencious, affordable and fun.  That would be Firefly.  I have been coming here for years and am a little sad to say that too many of my industry associates have discovered this hidden gem.  

I come to Vegas several times a year on business and this is my go-to place to get out, relax and NOT see anyone I know or work with in my industry.  I guess that you can't keep a secret for too long, as I always see people I know here now.  Even so, I won't stop coming because of it, although I may go to one of their other locations further outside of Vegas?

I cannot pinpoint any one item on the menu that I love more than the others (except for the Stuffed Dates, which simply ROCK), but just take some friends, order 6-10 tapas plates, get a few pitchers of Sangria and try not to look surprised when the check comes.  Its half the cost of anything comparable on the Strip.

A real treat for a small-business owner or someone on a tight expense-account.  Go check it out!
Food was good. Bread and almond butter was delicious! Had tuna tartare and ceviche that was full flavor and close to perfect. Server assistants and Bussers were on top of it but our server was not attentive at all. Will be back for the bar and food!
Outstanding food, service, sangria!  An absolute must when we go to Vegas!
I was really craving this place when I last visited Las Vegas! Specifically, I was craving the bacon wrapped dates and sangria. I was so disappointed when I heard about the health code issues at the Henderson location, so I was happy to see that this location was good to go. 

We ordered a plethora of dishes, all of which were very delicious! However, they are so overpriced that it was hard to make sure the small party I was with got even a taste of each dish. Some of the small dishes had only 2 pieces! For $10-ish dollars, I think that's a bit ridiculous. I simply couldn't afford to eat here with more than one or two people, because that adds up quickly. 

I love the interior of this restaurant. It is a pleasant place to be! I especially love the patio, although it was closed the last time I was there. 

Overall, this would be a good restaurant for a date, but, in my and my wallets opinion, not so great for a party of multiple people because you would need multiple plates of the same item. The bacon covered dates and sangria are must haves.
Love it!  Apple & manchego salad is amazing.
Just went back after a month.  Warm Spinach salad is great.  The dressing and the cheese, peppers, artichokes  were good.  My fish was excellent, great sauce.
Unfortunately I was next to this rude and grumpy table of six.  They didn't understand that little plates come out at separate times.  They all wanted to eat together.  And they were confused by what they ordered.  The people that had the lunch specials complained about the fries being cold.  Now that was a real complaint but it could have been fixed.  
The "Ringleader" of this group was very unpleasant.  I think we all know what type of foods they are going out to eat now.  (No more Chinese!)  Apparently they eat out a lot!  Eating out is great but we don't all need to hear for 15 minutes what you six are going to eat.
Firefly is a lot of fun, and very good food.  The atmosphere is friendly but trendy.  I hope that the ladies working there don't get in trouble.  These people were difficult.
Yes I will continue to eat there, keep up the good work!
What a great off-the-strip destination!  They gave a very tasty menu with good wines and sangria by the glass.  I recommend the shrimp ceviche and the pulpo asado.  The staff was attentive and personable. When we arrived at 6:30, we found it packed with those who came for happy hour.  It was still full at 9 pm when we left.  I was there for a business dinner, but many were vacationers enjoying the fun atmosphere.
Went here for Valentine's day and glad we did! It was really too busy plus we were able to get reservations so we walked in and got seated right away.  There seemed to be a little wait on getting our food but man it was so worth it!  Everything that we had I loved! The staff was really nice and helpful. Have to go back to try more stuff.
Always a good time there.  The food is great, especially the bacon wrapped dates & the wine selection is awesome.  The staff isn't bad to look at either.
Great atmosphere and even better food!! They have a delicious brunch menu for Saturday's. My mouth is watering now thinking about it! 

Must try's: pumpkin beignets, watermelon water, salmon toast!
I have never been to a Tappas Grill before and it was a good expeiernce, they have very good food and the prices were not bad at all, its a nice place to share your food and such! Will go again!
I've been to this place several times and have always had a good experience. Most everything is Tapa's style and very reasonably priced. My favorite is the petite Filet that comes with some potatoes & some greens with a very tasty sauce for under $10!! The bacon wrapped dates are Amazing!! They have a happy hour but not for food, just for drinks but you can get a pitcher of flavored Mojito's for $25 and it comes with plenty of drinks for 3 people. Nice outdoor patio and nice dining area. Great good, good prices, nice atmosphere.
Excellent, excellent!!!! Great service, great food and fabulous atmosphere. Me and some friends met here afterwork even on a Thursday the place was packed but it was comfortable and you could hear yourself talk without yelling. The good and drinks were reasonably priced and worth every penny. I will definitely come here again.
Came here on a Saturday night during prime dining hours. We were seated immediately, which should have been a telling sign in the first place. The service was good. Our server and the support staff were prompt and attentive, and never were left waiting for anything. Well except some taste, or flavor. We ordered 5 plates for the two of us: the mushroom pastry, steak and mushroom skewers, tuna tartare, smoked salmon toasts and some fries. We had plenty of food, but overall, the food was very bland, underseasoned and generally uninspired. The ingredient combinations sounded appealing, but the execution was very poor. The tuna, for example, had zero seasoning of any kind. None. Cubed raw fish with a couple chunks of avocado does not a tartare make. The food wasn't bad, per se, but it could have been substantially better. Even the sangria was underwhelming. Unlikely that we'd return.
I dont know what it is about this place, but every time i come its like a hit and a miss! My friends and i ate here for New Years and ordered several dishes, like the ahi tuna, the stuffed mushrooms, idk what else but alot of food, most of what they brought was cold! Being that they were very busy, i let it slide, i hate sending food back considering how long it took to get there, and we were starving! The Sangria was good at least!
I love, love, love Firefly! I've been here before and I am never disappointed. I've tried many items on the menu and everything is good. One of my favorites is the chorizo clams. So many flavors, all complimenting each other, in a bath of the most delicious broth. **Drool** The paella is wonderful, all the flavors perfectly balanced. Their ceviche is fresh and stuffed dates are amazing. It's a fun atmosphere with lots of wines and drinks to choose from. I consider myself a regular.
Firefly is amazing - from the food to the drinks, to the great ambiance and fantastic service. Manny G came up with a fantastic mojito not even on menu - strawberry, cranberry, and malibu! The place is easily in my all-time favorite Vegas places and I can't wait to go back.
Did a Yelp search for tapas before heading to Vegas from Buffalo and found 2 close to our hotel.  Turns out we could walk to Firefly it a minute.  Soooo glad we did.  We've had dinner and lunch here this week.  All the goods ..... Nice atmosphere and patio, Service was VG, and great menu.  We're going there for lunch again before we fly back.
Suggestions: Heirloom Tomato Salad, Stuffed Dates, Grilled Garbanzos (although they're "in the shell" meaning a little messy to eat), Ahi Tuna Skewers and Chicken Skewers.
Firefly will be on our "To-Do" list each time we return to Vegas.  Enjoy!
The food was good and well prepared.  The service was also pretty good.  The restaurant however was really loud, Granted it was a Friday night and a few tables had no plates just tons of empty glasses.  We took a visiting Mom here and we were pretty embarrassed about the drunks sitting behind us screaming about pretty nasty bodily functions.  The food,  service and prices were good.  Probably won't go back on a Friday night.
The food is good as always disappointed they removed some items but added some new. My review is based on service and in the restaurant industry customer service should above and beyond that's what tips are based off right? Well in my case my server took a few mins too long to greet our table didn't really care for us.... Our food came she didn't even ask us if we liked it or how was it... She didn't even top off our waters!! She was passing my our table and didn't stop once and she would be either her coworkers by the register chatting away ... This is tapas plates get empty fast and we finished and waited for some interaction from her. I was so irritated I had to speak to a manager who then only offered drinks... She allowed the same server to serve and she was now being rude in purpose. For a Friday night that was only maybe 8-10 tables with people they were having bad customer service as if they were a full house and short staffed sad to say I won't go back in particular to this location
I got better customer service at old firefly that has a wait and elbow to elbow tables that are full 
The atmosphere and ambience was also bad... Too bright no music until I addressed why there's no music it was awkward
Simple fare but very tasty.  Many choices and the service was pretty good.  The stuffed dates and chicken empanadas were our favorite.  I also enjoyed the flan for dessert.  Solid meal and they didn't rush you out the door.....
This location has a nice dim lit kind of ambiance perfect for a date or small group of friends. Staff was friendly and their service was great! Must try the combination paella! Pairs well with Victoria and a lime (which they have bottled).
Firfly is awesome! Always fun atmosphere and always good food!  We came most recently last Thursday and got the same stuff as always... Stuffed Peppers, Diablo Shrimp, Steak and Mushroom Skewers, Apple Manchengo Salad, and the Chicken Empanadas.  Love every single dish!! We also were going to order the Strawberry mojito pitcher but then our server asked us if we wanted to try a mojito that he had recently made up with some coconut rum and strawberry.  It was REALLY good we were glad we took him up on his recommendation!All in all great place and will always come back!
I love this place!  Great food, great service, one of LV's hidden GEMS!
On Sun. 11/24 the 4 of us arrived at Firefly at brunch time.  There were only 6 others in the restaurant and 1 server.  Of all the tapa orders, only the steak turned out.  One friend's eggs came alone on a plate & her toast was burnt & not buttered.  Myself & another friend ordered the same warm spinach salad & sent them back because they were swimming in a very acidic dressing & hers didn't contain any of the red peppers.  We exchanged these for a garden salad but that equally small one didn't contain hearts of palm as stated in menu.  Either the server or chef forgot about my eggplant cannoloni for a half hour & it came only after my reminder.  Unfortunately, it was a tiny portion, mushy & obviously overcooked.  Since  they were serving pumpkin beignets, we weren't offered the bread basket with the good almond butter.  We asked; then received enough for two, & weren't offered more.

The restaurant never did see many guests that morning, and considering the faux pas on so many items we ordered, the manager could have offered a future free meal or desserts for all of us, or a glass of wine.  But we merely were asked if we wanted anything else.

As a recent newcomer to Firefly, I was not impressed and will make no plans to return to neither the Sahara location nor Paradise.

K I K I
If I could give 0 stars, I would. I used to visit the Paradise location until it closed due to salmonella. I figured this Westside location would be fine. My coworker and I went last night for dinner. The service was absolutely terrible considering they were about a quarter full, but we dealt with it.

Soon after we got home we were both experiencing terrible abdominal pains, followed by throwing up every bite we ate. This went on for a few hours. Double food poisoning? Disgusting.

They need to revamp their entire business. Kitchen, staff, service. Firefly is headed down a bad road.
Our awesome server Manny G was great with the service and was even better exposing us to new drinks. New drinks that were not in the menu were a treat. My friends and I return to restaurants constantly due to their cocktails and food. But mind you the cocktails keep us coming. Thank you Manny for the great drinks we (6 of us) hope we see these in the menu soon. Thanks so much Firefly!!!
Happy birthday to me! Came out with my roommates for some drinks and tapas. This place is on point with drinks and tapas. I will continue this after meal.
This was my first time here for brunch. I've done dinner here half a dozen times, but had never come for anything else. I've never had a bad dinner here and now I've never had a bad brunch as well. The service is just as fast and friendly as ever and the food is the same great quality. The brunch drink menu isn't too long, but everything on it is very good (blackberry gin and tonic!). And you can't go wrong with pumpkin beignets.
I'm really excited to have this place close to my home, I just hope they keep everything in order so they don't close it. Great place to hang out!
Open late, great ambiance and even better staff. Manny G was a great server, very attentive and very helpful. Suggested a variety of delicious tapas. Overall he was an excellent server & Alexis was great too! 

I recommend the the tuna tartare.
Nice looking restaurant, interesting food choices at very reasonable prices, good service and away from all the casino's smoke and bustle. 

We went at about 10pm on a sunday and it was perfect for a romantic dinner experience. we sat in the patio, which has just the right amount of light and the music level is good for having a conversation. 
However, if you are looking for a different experience, you can sit inside or at the bar where the music is louder.
Delicious mojito.  Super empty compared to normal, chairs up on tables in half the room when we walked in at 5pm seemed like a bad sign.  All the favorites were good except the scallop escargot... Half burnt and half raw does not equate to properly cooked despite the waiter's attempt to say it should be done that way. Hopefully issue rectified in ordering something else.
The food was amazing. My sister took me out for dinner and at first we did not know where to go. She suggested Firefly and I had no clue what it was so I decided to give it a try. When we arrived it was full of people. The wait wasn't long but I was sure this place will be worth it.  The service and people were great. They got everything delivered in no time. The chicken salad was definitely something I would get again. I would recommend this restaurant to kids and families.
Reason why I'm giving 2 stars and not 4 is because of their lack of service. Firefly has always been my go to place for tapas, but after the service today, they are not on my top list anymore. We racked up a $200.00 bill just to have to ask for a refill because an hour has gone by and still no refills on our drinks, we had to tell them to take our dirty dishes and on top of that handing them our dirty plates! Not to mention, caught the servers gossiping about our table because we look like a group of younger people. You really think we can't afford your food? Where do you think you get your paycheck and tips from? YOUR CUSTOMERS.
Oh Fireflys, despite of the heat this place has been getting I've always loved this place. But, now the quality of the food has    deteriorated as well as their customer base. Now I know the whole salmonella thing happened to the paradise location. You would think Fireflys would learn from it but than I hear the Eastern location closed down. The eastern location was the fanciest one! The building structure was ridiculous (the good kind). Than that leaves the Sahara location. People might thing I'm crazy to eat here again but I do enjoy their food until now. 

Friday nights are always usually super busy. We came in and it was pretty dead. Ordered the usuals that we usually get-- 

spicy beef salad (my fav)-- still taste amazing. Warm salads are always my fav. Add ginger in it for the kick & it's delicious. 

Empanadas- really dry. The salad that comes with it had a sour dressing with it that didn't taste too familiar. 

Ceviche- oh how this dish had change. Less less less. I remember they would bring a bowl with hella chips. Now it's 6 chips with palm full of ceviche. One of the worse ceviches I ever had. 

Albondigas- the meatballs are smaller now. Tasted pretty good still but something was missing. I don't know what it is. 

Cocktails & sangria -- pretty much the same no changes there. 

I used to be in love with this restaurant but I guess all good things must come to an end.. \_()_/ Oh and if anyone's wondering.. I didn't get sick.
It's about time that I review this place!  Fire Fly has been one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas for years. I discovered this restaurant when I was craving tapas after my semester abroad in Spain. Everything that I have ordered off the menu has been delicious, from the baked tetilla (anyone who speaks Spanish knows it's a funny name) to the paella. We spend the last NYE here and ordered the AYCE special so we have ordered almost everything! Today we went here for brunch and we were also impressed! I loved the idea of the breakfast tapas! Order the lemon ricotta pancakes!
Place has the best tapas selection in town.  The bar menu rocks and the service is efficient.  Just don't cross contaminate in the kitchen and I'll keep coming back.  I like the skewers, lentils, meat pastries, mushrooms, octopus and Spanish tapas.  Sangria's are the bomb.  Gr8 happy hour value and crowd.  Noisy but bearable.  Skip the meals and have more tapas.
Another Brunch at Fire Flys. Food as always FANTASTIC!!!!! This time , however the Bartender, (Stephanie), was  Outstanding. Our drink orders were perfect and served in a very timely manner. Something that was lacking on other visits. Our server Karen was knowledgeable an was spot on with recommendations and bringing our food on time and hot. She ensured that all our needs  were met and made our dinning experience the best we have had at this restaurant. We have always enjoyed our Brunch at Fire Fly.  Today, the experience was enhanced exponentially. New management makes this restaurant a must go dinning experience.
Love the sparkling sangria and bacon wrap dates. I also got the scallop escargot it was amazing
My cousin that lives in Vegas took my partner and here one day. I was very excited to try a tapas restaurant. I get to try many different dishes because the portions are so small. Every dish we ordered was tasty. The staff here are very friendly.
I don't drink, so since the appeal of this place seems to hang on the Sangria, I can only remark on the food. 

The food itself is fine, but the prices for them brings down the rating for me. 

It seems to be more a place to hang out and spend money with the drinking + social life combo hang out. 

I prefer tapas in the Japanese places around town or dim sum.
Even though they had a bad health grade at the Paradise location and the Eastern location closed, I still dined there today because I haven't eaten here in a while, I was craving some dates and I bought a groupon. We walked in and it wasn't busy at all. We got choice seats in the bar so we could watch soccer. A bit disappointing was the bar menu wasn't updated as every single beer that my husband wanted was no longer available and the server said sorry the menu is wrong.  

Stuffed dates are a must! I love their dates compared to Toros Tapas.  The dates in the red wine reduction is so good! 

Pulpo asado- still delicious according to my husband!

Boquerones- Spanish white anchovies with roasted peppers avocado- my husband said its not as good as it used to be.

Veggie empanada- if you like mushrooms, spinach and cream cheese then you will enjoy this. I would order it again

Smoked salmon toasts- If you like smoked salmon then you will enjoy this dish. It was good and tasty! 

And we can't forget dessert!

Banana nutella sandwiches and chocolate tres leches are winners! Still my favorite at Firefly! 

This is a nice restaurant, good food and I hope it starts to be a happening place again!
Love this place! Lots of flavor and tapas options. Every time I have gone it hasn't been super busy so there is no wait. A fun place to socialize with friends and try new things but each item you try definitely adds up so be aware when you are ordering that your bill may be larger than expected.
I LOVE FIREFLY! It's a nice and relaxing place to munch with friends or go on a romantic date. 

I love the ahi plate and of course the sangrias!! I will definitely be returning... Bringing all my friends
The food was varied, lots of selection, and really a lot of unusual choices-most were quite good. We ordered approx 15 dishes and liked about 85% of them. The service was terrible. Slow and unorganized but we weren't in a hurry so we didn't make a fuss. Not the cleanest...menus were sticky.
Great food and drinks!
I visited Sofrita on Saturday. The food is very good. The sangrias were outstanding. Too bad they were not able to solve the sewer gas smell in that location. The last restaurant in that spot also had the problem of a dried out drain. It's not that hard to figure out, get a plumber to fix it.  Fountain Hills needs a nice place to have tapas. The atmosphere is charming and once you get used to the smell you can eat but it is a real turn off when you first walk in the door. I hope they make it.
I visited Sofrita on Friday evening and had the most wonderful experience.  The entertainment, Flamingo Guitarists and Dancers were awesome.  The food, service and ambience were sensational!    I sampled numerous dishes from the menu and found everything to be absolutely delicious!!!!  The location is beautiful and perfect; especially when the Fountain is on!  Can't wait to return for another delicious and perfect dining experience!  If you haven't been to Sofrita yet then this is a must  for your next dining pleasure!
I visited Sofrita's a few Friday's ago and had a wonderful experience. They serve generous portions and savory Sangrias. We ate the Bacaladitos and the Puerco dish. Both were delicious!  We sat on the outside patio to listen to the Flamenco music and the whole ambiance was warm, cozy and the perfect date spot. The staff is friendly and hospitable. Great place...must try!
There's gold in them thar (Fountain) Hills! Chef Anthony Redendo has blessed this quiet little town with one of the best Tapas restaurants I've ever eaten at.  I love Tapas, but usually hate the small servings and high prices.  Someone forgot to send Sofrita the memo, because the prices are small, and the portions are large.  Most importantly, its delicious!  It's not only mandatory eating if you live near Fountain Hills, its worth the trip from anywhere in the valley.  Don't even get me started on the delicious Sangrias, white and red.  YUM!
Awesome new spot in Fountain Hills.  Friendly staff, great food, and Tracy!  Hope the snowbirds will open their minds and support this piece of culture that is so badly needed in the "stuck in the Midwest 70's" culture of Fountain Hills!
OUTSTANDING! FANTASTIC! WONDERFUL! These are all words I use to describe this quaint restaurant. This is now my favorite Puerta Rican/Cuban restaurant in the Phoenix area. Mouth watering food and sangria drinks to die for!  All at an affordable price!
The best Puerto Rican cuisine this side of San Juan!  Without a doubt, the VERY BEST sangria ever!  I had their winter sangria infused with fresh blueberries, cranberries and raspberries.  For tapas, we had tostones, bacaladitos, bacon wrapped dates and the el cran combo salad.  Know that Puerto Rican cuisine is NOT Mexican food.  It is not spicy, rather it is very flavorful.  My next visit, I am eager to try the ropa vieja and the habichuleas, not to mention the macarron con queso!  Sofrita is also open for breakfast and I would be most curious to give that a try some morning.
Had lunch here yesterday with the husband.  Wow, it was fabulously fresh and delious!!!!  The Sangria was to die for, lots of fresh fruit floating on the top. YUM!  Tried 2 of the 4 different tacos and the black beans, very very good.  My husbands salad with a lime/coconut vinaigrette was sensational.  We will bring our out of town visitors here for late lunch soon!  You must try it! Very affordable pricing too!
Saturday morning for breakfast, nice selection of teas, I had the desert floral sweetened with aguave nectar, and my wife had coffee which I snuck a taste of, very good BTW. Quaint atmosphere looks like I'm in my Nana's house with the decor definitely spanish feeling! Music is nice, servers are great very personable. We ordered breakfast burritos and the chillequilles verde. My baby boy was with us and they brought out some diced up fruit for him, perfect for a 9 month old. I actually was able to speak to the owner and she was very nice. She told us about upcoming events that the restaurant is having & to say the least we were very interested. We plan on returning to see how it is in the evening because it just looks like it would be Fun!
Sofrita is a great little restaurant with a very unique Boricua/Nueva York sort of ambiance. There's outside seating available under umbrellas, besides the inside seating.  I've tried a few of their dishes and all have been tasty. I hope Sofrita can expand the menu a bit beyond tapas (love to see pasteles added). They could seriously rock with an expanded menu, I think!
I recommend Sofrita to all, for Puerto-Rican inspired food that doesn't follow rigid culinary rules. Tea Lovers: Their selections are awesome!
Yah! I went to Sofrita's today for lunch. The spanish tacos were great! tasty meat lots of fresh topings, Lovely. They had live music playing on the patio. A very pleasant afternoon. Prices are very reasonable too. 
I am happy to report that the problems with the buliding have been resolved.  Frequent Sofritas often Fountain Hills needs this place.
Best food in Fountain Hills ....Check

Best entertainment in Fountain Hills....Check (Flamenco singers and dancers every first and third thursday of the month)

Best location.....Check  (you can sit on the patio, drink a sangria, and watch the Fountain)

Best service .....check (Tracy always treats us well)

not having to drive over the hill to Scottsdale......PRICELESS
My wife and I have been here several times. The food is very fresh, and the cozy restaurant is clean and inviting. Everything on their dinner menu is Tapas except for the Puerto Rican pot roast dish which we have yet to try. The Bruschetta is outstanding because the bread is so delicious. The first time we were here they had a great scallop ceviche but it is currently not offered. I would suggest the potato wedges with mustard aioli. Lightly crispy on the outside and tender as well. The bacon wrapped dates are to die for. The best part about Sofrita are the sangrias.I have traveled all over Spain and never encountered Sangria as good as they have at Sofrita. My favorite is the berry...GET SOME!
I think the high reviews of Sofrita must simply be a function of the limited dining options in Fountain Hills as this is the worst excuse for tapas that I've ever had.  We walked in and were greeted by a strange, musty smell that remained pervasive throughout the meal.  We should have taken that as an indication of what was to come and left, but based on the great reviews, decided to stay.  Big mistake.

I ordered a red sangria which was okay, but had a strange flavor of figs or dates so I'm not sure if it was just made with old wine that had turned and took on a prune juice flavor or if that taste was intentional.  We ordered the olives, fried potatoes, grilled zucchini, shisito peppers, and four different types of bruschetta.  The olives were, well, olives (tough to ruin those) but also contained some off-putting caperberries that we avoided.  The grilled zucchini was just plain zucchini with no seasoning whatsoever served with a side of what looked like potato salad as a dip, but we never really could identify what that substance was as it had absolutely no flavor so we opted to avoid the fat that it was obviously adding to the zucchini.  The shisito peppers had no spice or flavor at all and were absolutely swimming in oil.  I've never had a "roasted" pepper that was so soaked in grease.  The waitress asked if we didn't like the peppers when she noticed that all but a few remained and when we pointed out how greasy they were, politely took them off the bill.  The four pieces of bruschetta were all of different varieties: roasted eggplant; ripe tomatoes; avocado and beans; and grilled artichoke with cheese.  The bread was thick and chewy and none of the bruschettas had much flavor at all.  In fact, I think if I had just closed my eyes and randomly selected one off the plate, I probably wouldn't have been able to tell which it was.  The fried potato wedges were actually the best part of the meal, which is sad when the best item is a simple fried potato.

The atmosphere was severely lacking as there were candles on all of the tables and numerous votives on the walls, but not a single one was lit.  The restroom was extremely dark and was absolutely filled with unlit votive candles so I'm not sure if this was an attempt at saving costs, but had I known this, I would have gladly spared a box of votives from home just to create some sort of ambiance while we ate.  The place is also incredibly tiny so I have no idea where the flamenco band and dancers that other reviews have spoken of would perform.  If anyone tried to move through there, they would literally be bumping into tables.  

While I love tapas style dining, if this were the only tapas restaurant that there was, I would gladly forego the experience.  Needless to say, we won't be back.
This is a cozy and colorful tapas restaurant in Fountain Hills, that features many delectable small bites such as bacon wrapped dates, shrimp street tacos, papas del padre (organic fried potato wedges with a mustard aoli), and mojitos pelotas (fried crispy meatballs with a green salas) as well as a dozen varieties of bruschetta.  

With 4 selections from the bruschetta menu for $12, you can get a great variety that will fill your belly.  We enjoyed the  warm artichoke with queso blanco, the roasted egg plant creole with remoulade, the hearts of palm salsa verde pesto, and the Frangelica (nutella spread and crema Dulce).

This Puerto Rican inspired eatery, which is excellent for small groups and sharing, also has some heartier dishes on its menu such as the Pork Pernil or Ropa Vieja, which are a 12 hour slow cooked pork and beef pot roast.

There are breakfast and lunch menus available here as well, and they all have a very latin american flavor!

Thursdays the restaurant features live flamenco music, transforming this quaint little spot into a romantic destination to wine and dine your darling.

Aside from the diverse menu of Latin dishes, their home-made Sangria is a special treat.  Infused with seasonal fruits, you can get either white or red sangria, either one is fruity and delicious!

A local favorite in Fountain Hills!
Very nice place in Fountain Hills. It did not disappoint.  We had the meatballs, the tamales one chicken and one pork.  I liked the pork better.  We also had the shrimp tacos, very tasty, and of course I had to have Tostones, delicious plantain slices that are fried twice, what is not to love about it.  My little boy loved them.  Service was excellent, they are very friendly.
Great Tapas bar in Fountain Hills! Went on a Yelp search and Sofrita was spot on with the reviews. The restaurant is small in size, but it may have seemed a little smaller with the live entertainment. BTW the spanish guitar and singer were amazing. I don't mean to knock Fountain Hills at all, but we were pleasantly surprised to have great entertainment like that there. The food was inhaled!!! Bruschetta was absolutely delicious. If you go there make sure you order it. We also had the Macaroni Cheese which was excellent and we called it. Crumbled Cheese Its on top. Yum. If you are looking for a getaway from the valley, head up to Fountain Hills and visit Sofrita. You will not be disappointed.
Very creative menu.  Delicious food for the most part.  Occasionally there have been some weird waitresses in there that act like they are too good to help you, and you are an inconvenience.  I was very put off when I walked in and asked if I could order something to go and was told "NO"...seriously WTH? You don't want my money...alrighty then.
Great find!  White sangria was very good.  Shared a tortilla wrap and salad.  Both were fresh, interesting and tasty.  This is a place we would come back to to try more of the interesting Spanish-inspired menu
Sorry, to say our meal was not tasty at all and our tamale was cold. Maybe they can improve as we need more types and styles of food in Fountain Hills.
Enjoyed the perfect meal last night. Sangria, monfongitos appetizer, smoked salmon, brie & apple, BLT and fresh tomato bruschetta platter, followed up with an incredibly delicious caf Rico and flan. All served up by an exceptionally professional and friendly waitress Kim.
Great little restaurant a short stroll from the fountain in Fountain Hills.  I visited with my hiking group for lunch on a Wednesday.  Even  though there were 28 of us, Carolyn Redondo and her crew made us feel right at home.  

The menu is chock full of new & different approaches to Latino favorites (I'm pretty sure there is a strong Puerto Rican influence here).  This is an especially good stop for the vegetarians in your circle but the meat lovers won't go wanting....loved the pork tacos!  Can't wait to go back for breakfast...the Chilaquiles Verde looks awesome!

Great find!
Great atmosphere and amazing food... and the most romantic bathroom in town.
What a gem! Wonderful food, beautiful atmosphere, and a friendly, helpful staff. Do not miss the fish tacos, bacon wrapped dates, or the flan....out of this world! I love this place. Worth a trip from Scottsdale for drinks and yummy food, as there is just no place else like it.
4 1/2 Stars...Hubby and I lunched at Sofrita on 3/28/12...loved it!!!! Cute outdoor patio with big umbrellas for shade. Inside did seem rather tiny though. 

Had the absolutely delightful Shrimp Tacos...totally addicting (actually craving them now but we live 60 or so miles away).  Anyhow, the 3 corn tortilla tacos had one large shrimp that had a light, crispy breading with shredded cabbage and a delicious sauce...just yummy!  Almost everyone ordered the Shrimp Tacos while we were there. Hubby had the HUGE breakfast burrito...which he loved but had a hard time finishing..and he usually finishes everything. Believe me it's huge!! Margarita not very good but the Red Wine Sangria was wonderful! Light and refreshing. Chips and salsa (which you have to purchase) were really good...chips were homemade and the salsa was very fresh with just the right amount of heat for me. Had a Chocolate Whiskey cake for dessert...very rich and very chocolatey..not great but good!! 

Prices are great. Had two alcoholic beverages, one iced tea, two entrees, chips and salsa and one dessert for about $45. Menu at lunch seemed rather limited but sooooooo good. Will definitely go again for dinner hoping there is more on the menu. Actually I really want the Shrimp Tacos again... :)

Enjoy!!
The best Huevos Racheros ever and great tacos! Always great service, very friendly, and very good prices.
Absolutely incredible food. Service was quick and friendly. I'll definitely be here more often.
Absolutely delicious! We had their shrimp tacos, tortilla soup, El gran combo salad, and tamal con huevos.  everything we ate was amazing! Their ginger lemonade was refreshing.  But the most amazing dish was their Caramelo cake! OMG!
Tried this place multiple times.  Many different items.  The only thing Worth remembering were the margaritas and the had pretty good service.
This place is sensational. Went her about 7-8 times in our 10 day stay in Scottsdale/Fountain Hills. Just couldn't get enough. Food and variety of is great, terrific decor and friendly service. A restaurant that really has it all together. Red Sangria best I've ever had.
This wonderful little place is as good as it gets!  Small, intimate, and a wonderful array of dishes to choose from... Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner!  Service is amazing and very personal.  Wait for the cool down of the weather and eat outside with music and entertainment.  Sangria is to die for!  Shrimp Street tacos a must!  Prices are great and  the staff/owner is warm and inviting.  As far as in the Valley, it may be a drive, but well worth it!
Sofrita is a great happy hour spot! We went last night as their happy hour runs 3-6p daily. We tried a lot of food - chips & salsa, potato wedges & a few street tacos. Everything we had was delicious & tasted authentic. If you're not drinking, try the ginger lemonade! 

Awesome tacos, breakfast all day, adorable patio, great service, dog friendly patio...check it out!
08/05/11

I went during happy hour. I had two mini-margaritas, which were good.

I also has the rum soaked puerco tacos. They were very good. The serving "rack" is a nice gimmick, but I'd prefer a normal plate.

The coconut flan was delicious. 

The service was fast and friendly from beginning to end. Upon entry to the location, I could smell something very pleasant, although I could not determine the source. It was not a food type smell and was not overpowering. I'd like to know what it is, so I can use it in my house.
Cons:
1. We were seated 10 minutes before happy-hour ended, but were not greeted by a waitress until it was too late to order.
2. I had to ask 3 times for another drink before either waitress would bring me one, and then was overcharged on my bill for an incorrect number of beers. Just because I asked 6 times for a beer, I only actually ordered 3. This does not give you permission to charge me for 6 beers.
3. None of the food came out at the same time. There was a 10-minute gap between when the first plate came out and when the last plate came out.
4. The quality of the food was poor to say the least. $7 for a salad that was no bigger than the bowl of cereal I ate this morning is unacceptable. Also, the creations found in the selection for the bruschetta board reminded me of when my 4 year-old nephew made his own lunch one day; "Nacho cheese with sliced dates covered in crushed-up Dorito chips"

Pros:
1. None of my party has contracted Dysentery.
2. They serve alcohol
3. I was able to beg and plead and get at least 3 drinks from the watiress.
4. I was able to spend time on the patio with my family.

Overall:
Next time we will know better...
The sangria is the best. If you're looking for TAPAS, you've come to the right place. The food is unique and wonderful. Tried their Shrimp Taco, YUMMY. The brushetta, 4 for $12, was delicious and filling. Also the Tomales were great. Seems that all the vegetables they use are fresh. I tried their salad which came in a small bowl which looked like it wasn't enough until you start digging down and eating.

Service was excellent and polite. Which I had enough room for the coconut flan. I'll order it the next time.
Stopped in after a long walk around Fountain Park.
All our food items were homemade and fresh.
We tried 6 different plates and all were very good.
Prices are reasonable.

They have a daily happy hour with $3 mini-margaritas, $2 beer and $1 tacos.
Think the timing was 3-5 p.m.
Will plan to go back for one of the happy hours when the weather improves.

Our server was very friendly and they have an outdoor dog-friendly patio area.
Several people were there with their dogs, enjoying the afternoon.
They also have another outdoor patio area for people only.

Overall, it was very enjoyable lunch and will definitely go back.

(Ate outside, but the inside seating is very limited, so could get crowded quickly in the evenings or on bad weather days.)
3/18/13 - sangria was too sweet! Sat on the patio and enjoyed the tapas. Definitely try the bruschetta sampler. Brie with apple and jam was favorite. Also enjoyed the roasted eggplant. The cilantro hummus was bland. Waitress should become a little more knowledgeable of menu.
This is a nice little Latin American themed restaurant. It has a very homey feel, like you're visiting someone's home kitchen. The staff members were friendly and working hard. We tried the chilaquiles, tortilla soup, and shredded beef tacos. The chilaquiles were very good, especially the tender pieces of flavorful chicken and the fresh green chili sauce. The tortilla soup was hearty and had a pleasant flavor. The tortilla strips and melted queso fresco inside added a nice touch. The shredded beef was marinated in interesting flavors (something beer/alcohol-based I believe) and made for a good light taco meal. The prices were fair, with entrees coming in around $10 and individual tacos at $2 each. The soup was very good, but at $6, it feels a little overpriced. Overall, it was a good experience and a tasty meal. They even gave me a tea refill to go afterwards. I would like to visit again.

I am concerned about the service, however. While the two people there were friendly and working hard, it was a tad bit slow with only a few tables occupied. Since it appears that the only staff is a mother/daughter team, there is no way they could adequately serve this place if it were half or more filled. There were tables filled with leftovers from previous guests as we left, which is another sign that it's just too much work to keep up with when understaffed. Thus, the experience of a diner during a busier time would likely be worse than my own on this trip.
This place is really great.
I have only come here after spending some time at the dog park down the street. Why?
Well by then my pup is tired and Sofrita allows dogs on the patio (not just outside the fence). 
Be prepared to be on Spanish time when you dine here. The service is slow and no one is ever in a hurry. This can get annoying if you aren't expecting it.
They have great sangria's, served in huge glasses with lots of fruit.
The chips and salsa is really good! The chips are made fresh and so is the mild salsa. If you want it hotter you're going to have to add some hot sauce. 
The tacos are quite doog and a steal at $2 a piece (less during HH I think). My favorites are the pork and potato...stay away from the chicken, dry and boring.
Definitely a great place to relax, take it slow and enjoy an afternoon on the patio.
I went here for lunch one day with a couple of friends.  We enjoyed the views, the service was very friendly and the prices were great.  But the MOST impressive part was the food!  SOOO yummy! And I enjoyed their creative presentation of foods by using unique dishes.
And, their patio is dog friendly; complete with doggie treats and water dishes.
I'm looking forward to going back. :-)
Website exaggerates the atmosphere and location. The website video makes this sound like it will be a special dining experience and itjust isn't.. 

Food was somewhat bland and average. Not a great value ($75 for two) and the owner who was bright and cheery in the website video was anything but... Maybe she was having a bad day.

Go to Scottsdale.

PS The website also gives the impression that the restaurant has a waterfront view of the fountain, but the fountain is actually a few blocks away. :-(
Went here on a Thursday night for the Flamingo Dancing which was entertaining.  

This was my first time here.  The service was slow but they had a full patio of people.  Great the ambience.  The only thing I tried on the happy hour menu were the tacos and they were amazing.  The red and white sangria on the other hand was terrible.  Tasted like watered down sugar.  Great happy hour pricing - cheap beer.

I do like how it's an animal friendly patio and will definitely be returning.  

I hear their breakfast / brunch is to die for.
Hands down the best restaurant in Fountain Hills!

When you go here you MUST try the chips and salsa. They make the chips in house and they are seriously THE BEST tortilla chips I have ever had. The salsa is also nothing short of amazing. It is fresh, flavorful, and refreshing. 

I have NEVER had something here that I didn't like. I have been here for both lunch and dinner. During lunch, their breakfast menu is available. If you order off of that, try the tamale y huevos. The tamales are amazing. They're light and have fresh veggies in them (if you order the veggie one). They also come with a side of potatoes, which are the best potatoes I have ever had. 

Next time you're in Fountain Hills, definitely stop in here. You will not be disappointed.
Good drinks, good Latin music, but so-so food.
We frequently stop in for Sunday brunch. We've never been disappointed in the food, and the service has improved substantially as the restaurant has matured. Nice variety and good wines, too. One of Fountain Hills best.
The food was tasty, but my service was RIDICULOUS! 

I seen 3 couples leave as they were not seated and ignored by the employees,
along with them I was about to leave until I said something to the server, who gladly told me I could sit where ever and he'd be right on over...well that was not true I sat there for 10 mins and had to go get him myself from the bar area where it seemed all the employees where conversing and having a great time, I know that owners would not approve I've been to Sofritas when they are around and its totally opposite. 
The food was good and tasty,
Delicious food and generous wines by the glass! Yummy!
This is an amazing place. The flavor combinations are exquisite, the owners are wonderful, and the Happy Hour specials are great. You have to try the new Hummus dishes! It's a great relaxing place to eat, drink, and hang out.
Sofrita is a fantastic place to dine in Fountain Hills when you are looking for something different from the standard burger.  The atmosphere is very nice; it almost has a romantic feel to it (great date place!).  The patio is fun to dine on when the weather is cool enough. It's also nice to sit at the bar during a solo outing and the bartender is friendly and professional. The food is amazing - I highly recommend the Mediterranean calamari and the salmon dinner, and the veggie breakfast burrito is a great way to start the morning.  They have a great happy hour menu - the garbanzo fritos and bacon wrapped dates are delicious. This is not someplace to go when you are in a hurry - it can take a little time for them to cook your food.  I wouldn't say it is super slow, but it's not like you order and it comes right out.  It is well worth the wait!!  To me, it's just an opportunity to take a little time to focus on my dinner companions and enjoy a sangria (excellent, by the way).  I highly recommend Sofritas to anyone looking for a high quality meal out.
This place is a jem within Fountain Hills. With its lovely views of the lake when dining outside, and live music/ performance playing every so often, it makes this place such an romantic and joyous atmosphere to dine in. We loved the wonderful variety of foods that we tried being that flavors here in Fountain Hills seem to be bland and usually American, this place kicks it up a notch! Ethnic eats, and soulful atmosphere makes us want to return again and again. Service was always excellent.
Perhaps it was the setting, dark and muggy night. Light breeze kicking up small palm fronds which danced along the sidewalk. Not sure if we felt like having something "heavy" so late at night (8:30p) but could entertain something light. 

Female servers (didn't catch names) greeted us w/warm smiles under the semi-eclectic dcor and soft lighting. SOLD!

Ordered the Lo Santo salad w/chicken and Toronja (w/Grapefruit Jarritos soda) Margarita. Mmmmm! Delicioso!! Dining partner ordered their Garbanzo/spinach soup w/bread - tasted his and blew me away!

Go and eat here. Just go.
One of those great "best kept secret" kind of places.  Food is exceptional and the service was great.  Quaint with great ambiance.
Went here the other night and I ordered the chopped salad, the pimientos, and some red sangria. 

The pimientos, which are cooked peppers, were SOOOOO good! There were a few spicy peppers in there, which made this appetizer flavorful. 

The chopped salad was the usual deliciousness. I got it without cheese and with the lime dressing instead of the creamy chipotle dressing they put on it. In the past I have had it with the chipotle dressing and it's reallllllly good.

The red sangria was good, a little sweet, but the fruit was plentiful and it was refreshing. I like sweet though, so it's all good.
The restaurant is styled after Spanish tapas bars, but with a diverse and creative menu with a Latin American influence. 

Cute interior, plus outside patio. Fairly small, not many tables, but there was also a bar area where it looked like you could eat at the bar. 

Food was quite good. The bruschetta plate was excellent. 

I would definitely repeat.
Sofrita's has great Sangria and street tacos!  It is a fun place to eat, and you can even bring your dog and let them sit on the patio while you eat!
Came here with my parents for a nice dinner. The decor is great, and we were greeted and seated promptly. We ordered quite a bit and decided to share:
Bacon wrapped dates: OMG delicious
Calamari: Some of the best ive had in a long time, cooked perfectly and sauces were a great compliment
Tostones: ehh.. the least favorite of our order
Alcapuritas: DELICIOUS!!
For dinner we shared the Ropa Vieja and the Pork, the pork was good but the Ropa Vieja was beyond amazing.
All in all, the staff was beyond pleasant, helpful and attentive. The atmosphere was dark, romantic- but still family appropriate and the food was delicious.
I highly, highly suggest you check it out!
Let me start by saying if they made six stars, this place would get them ALL!  Amazing and creative food, great atmosphere, not a chain, sweet and knowledgeable waitress... Why oh why Sofrita can't you be located in Old Town???!!

This cute little place has a mom-and-pop type charm with great dcor and nice outdoor seating where you can view the fountain from.  We started off with the white wine Sangria, which was de-lish and then got the bruschetta board to split.  Chicken salad- Raspberry Mayo, Dried Cranberries & Smoked Salmon with capers and egg salad... Each bruschetta was better than the next.  Then the tamales, the shrimp street tacos, the street corn elote, tostones and finally these puffy bread treats.

From reading this you might think my boyfriend and I are either obese or part of a competition food eating team, but no both in fact are not true... the food was just that good we continued to order after we had eaten each morsel.  The waitress even applauded us for being "troopers", which I think meant we had eaten more than the party inside of ten, but we couldn't help ourselves.  

This place is a MUST if you are in the area... I cannot wait until we make the journey out of our Old Town bubble and back up to this mouth-watering resto.
Wow what a nice find in FH. The Sangria and afternoon Tapas plate for $12 was wonderful. Visiting from Chicago and highly recommend - will be back on our next trip.
Over priced taco stand with little flair. Plastic silverware and wine is $9 a small glass in plastic. No thanks.
Excited to try this place after exploring Ftn Hills. Sangria- if you like your Sangria with a whole lotta sugar you'll like this stuff. Way too sweet for me, typically red sangria isn't so sweet. Bacon Wrapped Dates- were just ok. Tamales were good. Stopped after those 2 as we were underwhelmed.
A homerun, the tapas are a great size for sharing (as well as trying as many different items as possible).  I can't really comment on the sangria because I am not a great fan, however, the prickly pear margaritas were outstanding!  I think I have seen Carolyn harvesting fruit for these.  The atmosphere is fun, just remember that it is a small place, so during high season you will probably have a longer wait.  The food is worth the wait.
Unique inspired tapas- elegant rustic home cooked feel!!

The hunny drove me randomly out to fountain hills one date night.  He could not recall the name of the restaurant so I was getting a little frustrated!!!!

We came in here- he finally found it!  What a yummy gem!

Pros:
Zucchini
Corn cob
Bacon wrapped dates 
Red sangria

We also had the pork pernil- very good too! 

This restaurant had a great staff, helpful server who gave us space but checked in at all the right times.  This is a perfect date night or family spot.

We ate our zuchinni so quickly the first time we ordered a second plate.  The flavors of everything were so unique but balanced you didn't want to stop eating.

Next time we must get dessert!! I can only imagine!
This was very good. We sat down and had drinks. The margarita was good but the sangria blanco was excellent. We ordered tacos. Rocket got the shrimp tacos. I ordered the chef's taco tasting. My taco were ok but the rockets shrimp tacos were awesome.  So when we return it shall be..... Sangria and shrimp tacos!!!
I cannot see why anyone would give such great reviews for this restaurant. There is not much to choose from in Fountain Hills, so that might explain the raves. Notice there are no real pictures of the restaurant on their website. There is a good reason, the interior is small, dark and cold, both in temperature and decor with maybe 8 tables. The bulk of the seating is outdoors and if eating on the sidewalk is your thing, then this might be your place.

The food is okay, it's a tapas place so you expect small plates and prices to go along with it. When portions and prices are not comparable, the word pricey comes to my mind. However, they do have wonderful multigrain breads, the freshest salads and deliciously brewed coffee.

Maybe we tried it on a bad day, but I would say the service was less than spectacular. We actually had to get up and walk to the door in order to get our check.

From our experience, there is nothing here to draw us back.
I'm a big fan of many of our Fountain Hills, locally owned and operated restaurants - but Sofrita is probably my favorite of all! Largely a tapas-based restaurant, some of the best things on the menu are the small bites that are meant to be shared with the whole table. I love its close, warm atmosphere inside, and it has the dog-friendliest patio outside. A pan of water and a cookie from Spike's Treats is delivered right away, for all furry patrons. Also, the patio is perfect for relaxing on a non-summer day, for people watching and of course, for watching the fountain blow, every hour

For breakfast, I've had the chilaquiles, the huevos rancheros, and the bruschetta board on various occasions, and they're all really good! The chilaquiles are an especial favorite with yolks cooked perfectly-oozy making it an egg-ophile's dream come true! And the bruschetta board (smoked salmon, caribbean toast, and the hash mash are my favorites) is plenty for two...or enough to bring half home for a yummy second breakfast later on

As mentioned before, my favorites for lunch and dinner are the tapas. Warm nuts, tostones, zucchini, street corn, the afternoon/evening bruschetta board (this time, my favorites are smoked salmon, brie with apples and jam, olive tapenade with goat cheese, cilantro hummus, mozzarella and red peppers)...are all super yummy! But I think my absolute favorite are the bacaladitos - served piping hot, in a paper cone, with lime mayonnaise on the side...these are the best, crunchy-on-the-outside-pillowy-&-chewy-on-the-inside salt cod fritters you'll ever have! 

I've also had the salmon narania (I would kill to be able to figure out the glaze and sauce), and the pork pernil (unctuous and glorious)

And, they're constantly trying new things and changing the menu, based on seasonal availability and weather-appropriateness. I love seeing them post on facebook that they're "experimenting" with something new, that it's available "now!" - and that I'm just a two minute drive away from benefitting from the quick notice

It truly is a little gem!
First time at this place and what a pleasant surprise. My wife and I come out to Fountain Hills for mountain biking and I think this may become one if our go-to places to eat post ride. 

Food tasted great and presentation was also nice. Much more than I expected for the price.
Sofrita was fantastic. The boyfriend and I were enjoying a little staycation at a resort nearby and wanted something good for dinner. We were not disappointed here. It was a Saturday night, and a little later (for Fountain Hills, anyway) so we got a table no problem. So many things looked good on the menu but we decided to start with the garbanzos fritos and share the pot roast tacos and a bruschetta board.

The garbanzos came out in a bowl and there was more than enough for the two of us. Overall the servings here were pretty big. They were crispy and crunchy. We didn't know if you were supposed to eat them like chips or with a fork so we did a little of both! Regardless of eating style, I loved them so much I kinda want to figure out how to make them at home now.

Next came the pot roast tacos and the bruschetta. First the tacos. We were expecting a few little tacos - you know, meat in a tortilla? So when they brought out a big bowl of basically pot roast stew with a few tortillas on the side we were pretty surprised. But we dug in and just ate the meat and veggies as is, occasionally using the tortillas more like dipping bread. So like the garbanzos I don't know if we ate it "right" but it was delicious regardless.

Then there was the bruschetta. This I knew how to eat - haha! They do not skimp on toppings on these things. We got one with dates and cream cheese - loaded with dates. So good. The artichoke one was really tasty too.

It was all tasty. I honestly enjoyed everything we tried. We don't go to Fountain Hills very often (like pretty much never) but that may change now that we found Sofrita. It'd be worth the drive from the south end of town.
Loved this place, best Sangrias!!! And the various bruschettas were so tasty.  I'll probably go back tomorrow night.  Can't wait!!
The food has always been terrific but now the service is equal to the cuisine.  The reason is pretty straightforward a new manager John I believe.  He has the place humming.  No more long waits for food. Terrific attitude from everyone.  It's great to have a real professional managing the restaurant its such a jewel!
We are here visiting our good friends in Fountain Hills. They raved about this place and so we decided to try it for a lunch. (Our friends came with us). We were very disappointed. 

1. Service was awful! Our waitress acted like she was doing us a service to wait on us. We waited over 30 minutes to even get out drinks. She spilled two drinks on us at separate times. First time she didn't say anything and the second time she offered to get us a wet towel. Never apologized.

2. The food. We had heard how great the food was, and even with the bad service we stayed excited to eat. It wasn't good at all. Cold when it came out, and overall tasteless. Their house tomatillo salsa was overly salty and not tasteful at all. Not one of the members of our party finished their meal. 

Overall we were very dissatisfied. Even our friends from fountain hills expressed their annoyance. Them, along with us, won't be back.
This restaurant is amazing! We know the owner/chef personally and really enjoyed what we ordered....and we ordered a lot! I suggest starting off with a sangria, white or red, I chose red and it was perfectly sweet. My husband got the Ropa Vieja and I got the Pork Pernil which was cooked for 12 hours. Don't forget to end your perfect evening with their wonderful selection of coffee. My husband got the Cafe Cubano which was a small double shot coffee BUT I GOT THE CAFE RICO! Amaze balls, super strong coffee like I lot with rum and Kahula. Let's just say I was feeling like a million bucks after that Cafe Rico, lol. Sofrita's may be in Fountain Hills but is a short trip away from Mesa, Tempe, Scottsdale, Phoenix or Glendale. Don't miss out! OH AND IT IS PET FRIENDLY!
All I can say is YUMMMMM. Great sangria and have the bruschetta sampler to share. Hummus one is my favorite. Per other reviews I had the shrimp tacos and they lived up to the reputation. They are great. Finished everything off with coconut flan and another sangria
I really enjoyed it! It's far from our house in PHX but I saw it on a local TV show and had to try it. The service was very friendly. We had bruschetta and soup, salad, and tacos. I liked the black bean taco the best and the tortillas are fresh, homemade. The drinks looked fabulous but we had tea. I will go back for sangria or margaritas and bring friends. My bruschetta was divine even as leftovers! Everything was high quality and fresh, lovely tomatoes, salad greens. Very small dining area.....so make a reservation if you plan to go. Or sit outside if the weather is nice. Enjoy!
One of the best restaurants we have been to since moving to Scottsdale 7 years ago.
Worth the drive to Fountain Hills. Great food, service and it's dog friendly.
A restaurant trifecta.
Took Mom here for lunch on May 1st.  She was looking forward to it, as she had seen Sofrita's segment on Check Please! Arizona on DVR the night a few days before, while I had just seen it the previous night, although I've bookmarked to try this place for many months now, ever since I saw it advertised in the defunct Redendo's Pizzeria on FLW.

Mom ordered the Shrimp Street Tacos, which she very much enjoyed. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=XheSZOnLvhbEccywz17GsA#XheSZOnLvhbEccywz17GsA  I asked what in particular was the best part of this dish for her, and she said that the shrimp were of very good quality- big and great texture. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=mKqlv2n89udvqZ5NxN1-QQ#mKqlv2n89udvqZ5NxN1-QQ  I had the bruschetta board, choice of four, which Mom was also looking forward to trying, since it was featured on the show.  I ordered it, because it was one of the few items I could try (other than the salads) since the tacos were all encased in corn tortillas (corn allergy).  Their website mentions sandwiches, but I don't recall seeing any listed in their one-page menu...  I chose (from left to right) Cilantro hummus- awesome flavors, and one of my favorites of the four; Red pepper hummus- didn't impress me, but I've had a sensitivity to red bell peppers over the past few years, but Mom loved this one (!); Smoked salmon (with egg salad El Diablo and capers, and diced cucumbers as well, for those who are allergic to cukes)... this was another one I liked; and Chicken salad (with raspberry mayo and dried cranberries)- took me a couple of bites transitioning from the smoked salmon for me to enjoy this one.  I liked the textural differences from the soft mouth-feel of smoked salmon and egg salad to the chunky grilled chicken cubes and chewy dried cranberries.  Mom didn't care for it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=8lgYMMl2ej3wAyJJtxxk7Q#8lgYMMl2ej3wAyJJtxxk7Q  And last, but certainly not the least, was the star of the show... Postre de caramelo, or simply "Santa Marta," a yellow cake, which reminded me of pineapple upside-down's yellow cake, with a layer of flan on top, toffee crumbles, and caramel and cream sauces drizzled on top.  I had the berries on the side due to an allergy (yes, it sucks to be me).  The two-sauce combo also gave the yellow cake a slight "tres leches cake" flavor, which I love.  This was a big hit with Mom!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sofrita-fountain-hills-2?select=wdwuhI4KDoUYz3cU1IAVoQ#wdwuhI4KDoUYz3cU1IAVoQ

3.25 stars for now, but we definitely want to go back.  Mom wasn't happy about the prices, but our server, who I later found out was the manager (chatted her up after Mom left and I paid the bill), and the kitchen were willing to work with my allergies and tried to accommodate.  I love that the area is across the water fountain!  I somehow missed the fountain on my way to the restaurant (we came in separate cars), and I was on my way home when I spotted it across the street, so I parked at the shopping complex and went for a stroll.  I want to take Mom back to Sofrita, so that she and I can have a stroll after.  That is, if I can talk her into it...  Btw, the fountain comes alive on the hour, every hour, and I was lucky to catch the show before it turned off around the 15-minute mark.

p.s.  The unisex restroom was quaintly-decorated (unlit ritual candles, wood sculptures, etc).  It's dark in there, which may have contributed to the slight urine odor I detected, possibly from little boys (and/or perhaps drunk men) missing their marks?  I didn't want to stay long enough to find out.  I meant to say something to our server on my way out, but got sidetracked talking about Redendo's former pizzeria location on FLW that was sold a couple of years ago.
Very satisfied!  Great food! Quiet!  Perfect!  New to Fountain Hills. This is the place we were looking for
My girlfriend and I tried this restaurant. It was new, and delicious. 

For two people + dessert, the bill was ~$48.
I went to Sofrita 30min before closing time and I was pleasantly surprised with outstanding service and food! The grilled salmon was perfect! The decoration was lovely and the restaurant was very clean. The waitress was exceptional and represented the restaurant t well. The relaxing  "Bossa Nova" songs played in the background was a nice touch too. No doubt  it's one of the best restaurants in Fountain Hills.
I drove all the way from Phoenix to find a bit of Puerto Rican food. The lunch menu was very small with very few items to choose from. When I ordered a side of Tostones ( a typical PR item) the waitress said they are out of season. WHAT? We ordered tacos with pernil and rope vieja, and I can honestly say they were the worst street tacos I have ever had. If you are looking for a small taste of Puerto Rican food, this is not the place. I know Puerto Rican foods are very time consuming and I can say this restaurant has taken the lazy Americanized route making this restaurant at the bottom of my list.
I was surprised that for under $110 (including tax and tip) that 2 people were able to have drinks, be well fed, and have it all within the pricey Wynn hotel.

Great by the glass wine selection due to the ever gaining popularity enomatic system.  Quite pricey though, but what isn't in these upper class casinos?

I love the coziness of the restaurant, and the service was impeccable.  The food was fantastic, and surprisingly filling despite it's small plate size.  I really enjoyed my dinner here before going to see Le Reve, and would probably come back next time I'm in Vegas.

The only thing that I felt could have been better: they turned on the big screen TV on the wall and put it on football during my dinner.  When I go for an intimate dinner in a nice low lit fancy restaurant, I don't really want the blaring lights and distraction of sports taking away from the experience.  It's not a sports bar, and that kind of surprised me that they had that.
I really enjoyed this place and would recommend if asked about places to go in Vegas.  It is intimate and unique.

There are 3 sections:  You walk into a round low ceilinged bar area with some seating, then you walk back further there is a high ceiling dining room with wine all the way up to the top, then to the right there is a lounge room with couches, weird furniture and a beautiful view out large wall of windows.

We sat in the lounge on a comfy couch.  The lighting is all candlelit.  The lounge reminds me slightly of a less ostentatious Parker Palm Springs.

Menu is small plates with a few larger entrees.  Portions are very small, but food is delicious. (bacon dates, beet salad, cheese and charcuterie plates, etc.) They aren't calling it a gastropub, but it is.  

The have a large artisan beer selection and tons of wine.  Even the pricey highly specialized enomatic wines.

The vibe with soft reggae and jazz with some bass with the atmosphere was awesome.  I was thinking the lounge would be a perfect place to snuggle, smooch and nosh with a love, but unfortunately I was with my mom, oh well ;)
Great food for a great price. I highly recommend this place for dinner before or after watching a show at Wynn. My sister and I had  exactly one hour to eat before watching Le Reve. We asked the host and the waiter if they could serve us a whole meal within one hour due to the show time. They were very understanding and sent a message to the kitchen to try to make it faster. It was excellent service. Most customers in this restaurant are very friendly. People from near-by tables exchanged a few words about our food and experience in Vegas after learning that my sister was visiting from Vietnam. I love this place. Oh, the pizza is very good. Get it!
My favorite place in the Wynn!  the atmosphere is very cool.  Our waitress was incredibly friendly, quick and very helpful!  We had the sliders and a steak dish - both which were delicious.  Our bottle of wine - a Syrah - was incredibly tasty.
Dropped by this place before Le Reve at  the Wynn. The place looks casual and fun. The wine menu is pretty decent with a good number of wines by the glass. 

I was in for a quick pre-show dinner, so I only ordered a glass of wine and the Jumbo Lump Crab Lettuce Cups with citrus segments. The food was good, but not fantastic.
Stopped here for a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised on how good the Sliders and the seared Ahi Tuna was. Tasty, tasty.
Have to say there have been only 2 times in the USA we have had a wow,..good food experience coupled with staff that where wonderful.

Charley Palmer at South Coast PLaza was the 1st 

La Cave at the Wynn is the 2nd.

We had a meal that was stunning as well as excellent.

Take your whiny big portion attitude and hit the road - please.  Small services,...wonderful seating, great food,..

We had so much fun eating the food we did not order any wine,..but we sat next to the wine cellar and it was well stocked.

Had bacon wrapped dates with a blue cheese fondue,..yes i know what u r thinking - so I was,..but holy freekn amazing,..the different flavors of the three items was stunning.

We then had the Ahi,....ahhhhh ahi,.. still one of my fave foods to eat when done well,..this was - with some pom and a vinigrette and basil oil.  wonderful


Then we had this flat bread with very delicious canadian bacon and quail eggs,..yeah i know,....but seriously -- this flat bread dish was really really really good,..I could see having a wonderful brut champagne - and just this flat bread,..my gawd it was to die for,...I am not going to add quail egg to my regular dishes at home.

Last dish we had was thin sliced sirloin with baby mushrooms and stuff, Yes it was good and tasted like it was supposed to,...but of all my dishes it was my least fav,...we did go through almost 2 liters of sparkling water - again ,..well chilled and they kept my glass full at all times.

Now,..for those who like a drink,... and who are demanding on a well made drink,..and none of that crap stuff,..

I ordered a standard mojito - it we well muddled,..and perfectly mixed,..and it was a good sized glass too,,..lordy I hate those served in a micro tom collins glass or something,,..this was served well with sugar cane and plenty of mint and lime,..the way it is supposed to be.

I did not take pictures of the food here as it was soo perfect and wonderful that i expect you to go in and enjoy this place before everyone else knows about it and it becomes a reservation only place,..

We ate at around 7 pm and the line was slow - but by 8:30 the place was packed. Packed - crazy packed.

Loved the place,..the staff and the food as well as the seating,...yeah the chair was so special - lol seriously a great seat in a resturant is one of my high points --nothing sucks more than a chair u cant wait to get out of.

Okay I talked enough,,,get ur ass to La Cave - Hurry before it is too late.
We were just here over the weekend for a friend's birthday dinner.  We had a large group, and everything was great.  We decided to split dishes between couples, to make it easier, and I think each couple got around 4-5 dishes.  Everything was delicious.  The cocktails were super good too.  Service was great.  My fiance and I shared the seared tuna, which was good but we could have done without, the scallops, which were amazing, the asparagus and egg salad, also amazing, the prosciutto flat bread, and the filet mignon.  The plates are small, but that was the perfect amount of food.  Others in the group loved the flatbreads too, and the beat salad, bacon wrapped dates, sliders, and hamachi.  Would definitely go back next time i'm in Vegas, and would love to try some of their wines.
A romantic spot with a Mediterranean feel tucked away from the main action.  It's a Wynn-Wynn: delicious generously sized tapas at Wynn prices. Highlight: beer list
I'm a sucker for a good wine bar, and this place is now in the running for my favorite one in Vegas! 

*Atmosphere - we sat in the beautiful back "sun room". It had an almost Moroccan feel to it with nice brown tones and a huge planter built into the wall overflowing with greenery. Floor to ceiling windows, comfy furniture.. I loved it! It was a nice contrast from the more cave-like room in the front. 

*Wine - The wines by the glass weren't all that exciting to me, but we had a couple of half bottles. They were stupid expensive ($50?), but it's the Wynn, I can't say I was surprised. 

*Staff - weird, honestly. The waiter was aloof and the hostess had to get my name and whether I was staying at the Wynn or not down on some piece of paper before I was allowed to sit down in the empty restaurant. We were also told we could only have the table for an hour, but whatever. The bus boys tried to pick up our water glasses and remove them several times. It was bordering on silly. 

*Food - I adore meat and cheese and this place had a phenomenal meat and cheese list. Reasonable portions were $5 or so, not all that bad. We had an aged gouda, proscuitto, and truffled goat cheese. Seriously some of the best cheese I've ever had! So freaking yummy. 

This was a great place for a pre-dinner drink and snack, but would also be a fun place to end the evening. Sexy enough for a date, but also fun for a group of ladies - one of my new favorite spots to drink on the strip.
Great food, environment & wine.  The Wynn hotel does a great job with additions of vegan & vegetarian plates.  All of the restaurants I have tried here at the hotel do a great job catering to the guests with dietary concerns.  This restaurant had a great quinoa eggplant dish as well as the beet dish.  it is hard to find a good beet dish anywhere.
I run the risk of my one regret in life being I didn't eat at more 'small plate' places.  Beyond the obvious brilliance of being able to share, I love to try many different things, particularly at a new place.

La Cave is small plates, and it is great.  On to the food in a minute, but I have to relate my wife's experience.

She has several food allergies and sensitivities, including gluten, and we typically get mixed reactions when we ask what they recommend.  The chef at La Cave went above and beyond.  After a little bit of back and forth on what could be done with our server, we got the message "the chef would like to do something special for you".  We agreed, and he came out to talk with us after we ordered.  Extremely friendly, extremely attentive, great service.

The topper was the food they brought, which was simple, expertly prepared, and absolutely delicious.  My wife had a version of the Salt-Roasted Beets (which may have been the best beets I've ever had) and a version of the Grilled Shrimp (which she thought was the best shrimp she's had) and some terrific grilled Asparagas.  Did I mention absolutely delicious? 

I also had the Bacon-wrapped Dates with Bleu Cheese Fondue and the Ham, Egg and Cheese Flatbread (with quail eggs).  The Dates were fantastic, and the flatbread quite good (and a bit rich).

The food was so hot when served I took notice - it felt like they took it off the grill to our table in just a few seconds.

In a couple square miles of many, many food options, La Cave was worth repeating on a single trip.  And the service put them over the top.

I wish I could go back right now.  I've written myself hungry.
Great new place at the wynn
Flavorful great small dishes 
Great  and atmosphere
Had lunch here on a Friday afternoon ...

Ok.. so what's up with needing my first and last name before seating me?  It's not like it was used in any way to speak to me during my visit here.  Anyways...

SCENE:

Great vibe... really cool bar in the front area... cool bar in the back area
Low lighting, dark, modern, upscale cave like feel... kinda romantic without being gushy...I guess you might call it 'casual-intimate'.

Good place to hang out with friends or work friends ...but not a good place for a power lunch.

There's a patio area with nice looking couches, chairs, tables, live plants, and really nice (fancy) looking hammock chairs.  They just begged to be sat in with a glass of wine and enjoy the day.  However, it was a bit chilly and they didn't have outdoor heaters out there so we sat inside.

SERVICE:

For a Wynn establishment... I expected more / better.  I'm not saying it was 'Bad'... it was just Mediocre which is NOT how you would think anything at Wynn would be.

We were sat immediately but the wine menu was not part of the menus provided.  I mean... they give you an additional menu that is sorted by Gluten-Free or Dairy-Free or Meat-Free, etc.... but they don't give you a Wine menu?  Hello... you're surrounded by wine and isn't this supposed to be like a really nice wine bar?

So... after waiting for 5-7 minutes to gain the attention of anyone... we asked for a wine menu.  And it's a very nice wine menu.... not ridiculously priced and they have a good selection of different priced wines. 

We ended up ordering a glass each... by the glass ranges from about $10-20 depending.  Not cheap... Not atrocious.

FOOD:
The Fiery Artichoke Flatbread is FANTASTIC!  Comes with fresh ricotta, roasted red peppers, pepperocini and of course artichokes.  The flavors went really well together and the ricotta was like butter.  The bread itself was perfect!  Not dough-y and not tough.

The Beet dish is really good... very rich because of the melted goat cheese, but so YUMMY!  The beets were juicy yet firm.

The Asparagus dish was 'ok'... I don't think I'd order it again... it came with shaved hard boiled egg and crispy pancetta.  It sounded good on the menu but the flavors did not blend together well.  And they put some sort of lemon or citrus sauce on it which made it too sour-like.

The Dates were 'ok'..... I've had better.  I think it's because the bacon they used was not of the Applewood Smoke type and that the blue cheese fondue (on the side) was really runny.... versus being melted inside the date.

Anyways...overall... Yes, it's a bit pricey... $76 b/4 tax... for 2 people with a glass of wine each... but it's a really lovely meal.

If I go back... I intend on sitting on the patio and being able to savor the experience better.
This is a really nice new place at the Wynn. Has a fun and cozy atmosphere for small group gatherings to come for happy hour/drinks and little tapas/snacks to share. The plates are all pretty small so definitely do family style. They also have a sommelier and a great wine selection so take advantage of that too if you like wining and dining. 

Out of the small plates, my favorite has got to be the sliders. They were so delicious! The flatbread pizzas were good too, esp the ones with the quail eggs, which was very interesting and first time seeing that on a pizza. The hamachi was also good as well. The desserts were also super delicious, with the chocolate toffee covered donut ice cream bars and chocolate mousse! 

Because the restaurant is pretty small, there could be a wait, esp if you want to go to the bar area and chill. But I definitely recommend this place esp if you're staying at the Wynn!
I love staying at the Wynn/Encore, but this one of the few places to eat at the Wynn that isn't grossly overated. Service was spotty but the food was well above average. We had a nice late dinnerl at a reasonable price that included several stiff drinks.  We sampled:

Sunny side duck egg w/Jamon and Serrano asparagus: Nothing special. It wasn't possible to determine if the ham was Jamon or procutto (big difference) because the egg dominated the flavor. Not well balanced. 

Bacon wrapped dates: I try these at every Tapas joint. These don't disappoint and made a perfect desert to our meal. 

Salt roasted beets, whipped goat cheese and pistachios: nicely presented, with a balanced pallets of flavors. A nice rendition of a common tapas dish. 

Sliced sirloin steak with a mushroom fondue and cippolini onions: easily the best dish we tried. The steak was cooked to perfection and the mushroom fondue had a rich smokey flavor.
Did someone say tapas?!

Yummm... this place was really really good. If you're not obsessed with tapas you'd probably give it five stars. It's a great place to go if you've never had them. They had some traditional ones (dates wrapped in bacon; but they added a twist with a side of blue cheese fondue which I was surprisingly happy about) and they have some new age ones (crab filled lettuce wraps; soooooo good. I devoured them like they were my last meal on earth and didn't care who was watching. Judge me people, judge me!) 

We also ordered the angus burgers (nothing special, but good), and prosciutto and arugula flatbread (too die for, the saltiness was so satisfying) and a bottle of wine.  The decor was awesome. Try and sit in the back; they have romantic lounge styled sitting. Too fun!

Our server was really nice and cute, BUT girl... you gotta come back and keep pouring the wine into our glasses if you want to follow proper restaurant etiquette. I mean common... you know how it goes... the faster/more I drink the drunker/stupider I'm going to be when I over-tip you... Common girl. You know better than that.
MUST EATS for sufferers from Celiac Disease or any food allergy.
Of all the restaurants we attended, this one went out of it's way the most to accommodate food allergy sufferers.  Separate menus for each potential allergy so there was no guess work or long drawn out discussions with the server about what was safe!

The food was absolutely amazing (favorite was the Mushroom Grits, hands down)  the ambiance very trendy and hip.  And the staff was very kind, nothing snotty in the tone at all! 

Will return to again and again when we visit Vegas :)
We held a group lunch here (16 people.) The service was excellent and attentive and the food and wine were INCREDIBLE.  The charcuterie is some of the best I have had (and I've had a lot of charcuterie!)
Maybe I went to a different place than everyone else, but after all the rave reviews, I was disappointed.  I felt like I was trapped at a really bad country club somewhere in the midwest.  
We were going to see the Phantom, and wanted a snack before the play, but not a full meal, so we chose the Cave.
From the moment we approached the hostess, the place felt awkward.  Our hostess could not find a table, and sent for a fellow worker, who checked the rooms, but could not locate a table.  Several people just walked in past us, which was curious, then another hostess arrived, who said maybe we could sit on the patio.  Fine, it had been too cold and windy to sit there all day, but would we like to sit there? 
 Sounds, er, great.
We were led through three rooms, each with several empty tables seats amid the sparrows on a small outdoor balcony overlooking people being told to leave the pool, because it was too cold.  I sat shiverring in my faux fur vest, happy I had dressed for the cold Phantom theater.
The waitress was very nice, and our orders arrived prompty.  Tapas is my new obsession, so I was delighted with the selection, but the dates were a bit overdone, and the chicken rolls were also dry.  The most fun I had was feeding the little sparrows who darted about delightedly.  
I would give the place another try another day.
I couldn't pull the trigger on a 5th star because I am a little unsure how much of an effect the alcohol had on the deliciousness of this meal. Regardless, La Cave is a big time winner in my book. I ate a late lunch here with my brother and we were seated on the outside patio with a nice view of the pool and since it was a beautiful day in Vegas, this was a nice touch. Everything on the menu sounded quite good, but there are definitely two must try's, the angus mini burgers and the prosciutto flatbread, while both were great, the angus mini burgers were outstanding and completely melted in your mouth... those are a dish that I have since craved and will order again when I return to Vegas next month. We also had a salad and the jumbo lump crab lettuce cups and those were also quite good, but if we could have substituted two more orders of the mini burgers for those two dishes, we would have done it in a second. The service was very good and the atmosphere was lively and La Cave seems like the perfect place for a lunch before or after a day at the Encore Beach Club.
Mini sliders- excellent
Quail egg flatbread- excellent 
Mushroom grits- excellent
Sliced sirloin- a little salty but saucy, excellent onions, well cooked
Beignets- excellent
Strawberry bruchetta- very good
Simply put, amazing! The ambiance was very serene, modern, classy.  Service was knowledgeable. The wine and cocktail list appeared well rounded... Though the wine options seemed to start above $50 for a bottle .  We tried six small plates: hamachi with hot peppers (divine!), bacon wrapped figs w blue cheese fondue (one of the highlights of the night), butter lettuce w dates Gorgonzola and crispy prosciutto, flat bread w quail egg and fontina, and delish baked clams, and for dessert  beignets w three dipping sauces. I also tried a wine sampler of reds. It was really a nice set of tastings.
A couple (if minor) weak points include that unless you stagger your orders , all of the plates come around the same one and the waiter really didn't  advise us of this.  Also I felt the dessert, while tasty, was not quite as superb as the rest of the meal.  All in all, if I were back in Vegas again, I would definitely take a second trip back to la cave among all the other excellent restaurants in Vegas.
Really enjoyed my dinner at this "new" place when we went for the 1st time! The place is very nice, one bar facing the kitchen (which is too warm for me), one bar facing the wine, and one large bar facing alcohol bottle and wine bottle.
The tapas were fantastic! The staff was amazing, one of the bartendar was the master in food recommendation and the other bar staff was the wine expert. Perfect team! The place is little too warm for me, which made the wine too warm for my taste. Even if poored from the wine fridge, it was too warm for me. 
The food was amazing, the ambiance was great. The bar high chair were not comfy but the bartender recommended switching them with the one from the middle of the place which were much MORE comfy!! 
The highlight of my experience were the beignets!!!! ...and the sliced sirloin!!!! :)
Going back this week and cant wait!!
Yoohoo!!
La Cave is a smaller Tapas joint hidden in the Wynn corridors. Part of its allure are the 3 different seating "rooms" the restaurant offers. Indoors for the person that wants an intimate, dark setting with chatter around. A covered patio type situation with wicker seating for the casual diners who want to have a more spacious experience. And of course, the tables completely outdoors that face the pool area.

Having had the opportunity to dine here for both a late-night dinner as well as an afternoon lunch, I was able to experience the entire restaurant. The hostesses and waitstaff here were very friendly and they even remembered me when I came back the next day. This is truly the most heartwarming restaurant - service wise- that I've been at the Wynn properties. Yes, most of the time service is impeccable in these resorts but this was the only place that I felt that the wait staff actually cared and weren't just carrying out directions. 

The chef, Bill De Marco was there the entire time at dinner and I actually saw him inspecting all the food that left the kitchen. That to me, is a good sign (as I constantly mention in my reviews). 

Once again, we had partaken in the vegan menu offered here (all priced between $10-$15):

1. Salt Roasted Beets, Vegan Cheese, Pistachios
- The beets were cooked very well and sweet red juices were oozing out of every bite. The pistachios here really made the dish. Grated to the tiniest piece, they provided the uniquest crunch to the dish. I can only say that perhaps adding a few more pistachios might have made this dish more memorable

2. Mushroom Tortellini, Arugula, Tomato "Cream" Sauce
- I was going insane at the plump juicy cherry tomatoes that topped the dish. Yumminess! The tortellini's were savory and the cream sauce was exquisite. Pieces of mushrooms mixed into the dish were also so satisfying. Served in a cast iron cup, the presentation was also eye-catching

3. Gardein "Chicken", Celery Root Puree, Lemon Caper Sauce
-Yum Yum Yum. After we plowed through this, we wanted seconds. The protein was cooked amazingly. Crisp in the right places and moist in others. The concoction your fork made with some Gardein, the celery root puree, some of the spinach and sauce was just heavenly. Deliciousness.

We had blood orange margaritas that were rather potent and very tasty to round out the beverage portion of the night. 

La Cave is a nice place for all events...date night, a nice weekend brunch or a rambunctious group dinner. And they have a menu for everyone. I like!
We popped in here before our dinner for a cocktail and appetizer. We sat at the kitchen bar seating - ordered a martini and two apps. The whole menu is small plates but very decent size small plates. 

We ordered the lump crab lettuce wraps and mini mozzarella/tomato flatbread. Both were amazingly fresh - you could tell they really took the time to make sure their ingredients were fresh. The taste was equally as impressive...would recommend this place to anyone and everyone! 

Service was good and decor was very cozy - it definitely stands by it's name "La Cave"...
This review is for La Cave at the Wynn Hotel. There is also a restaurant called La Cave at the Paris hotel. Different restaurant, a bit confusing.

Back to business, La Cave at the Wynn Hotel. This is a tapas restaurant. You order a bunch of small plates and share. Everything we ordered (and we ordered a lot) was delicious. There were 5 of us and we probably ordered about 15 different small plates. Also had wine. There was also a vegan in our party, and she ordered 3 different menu items off the vegan menu (you have to ask for it but every single restaurant in the Wynn hotel has a vegan menu if you ask.)

My favorite item was the flatbread with artichokes and ricotta cheese on top. It was amazing. I don't eat meat, but the guys in our party loved the mini burgers. They wound up ordering an additional serving of those. Cheeses were phenomenal. Had to ask for more little breads to go with the brie. My sister the vegan ordered another version of the artichoke flatbread (sans cheese) which she said was phenomenal as well. She also had a beet dish that she said was very good.

Just a couple negatives. First of all, I called this restaurant a couple weeks before our trip to make reservations. I was told that since La Cave was one of the more "casual dining options" at the Wynn, they did not take reservations. Upon arriving at La Cave on the night of my 40th birthday, I was asked if we had a reservation. I told the hostess that i had called and was told i could not make a reservation. She said i must have spoken to the wrong person. She proceeded to tell me that their tables were all booked up for the night, but that she could make room for us in the lounge area. This turned out fine. I actually liked the lounge area better than the main restaurant area. A lot more light out there in the enclosed patio area. (Outdoor patio was closed due to high winds....although we saw people sitting out there even after we were told it was closed.) The only problem with the lounge area was that the tables were low and the seating is not really set up for a meal. But it worked out fine since it was a small plates/casual eating situation. I was just disappointed that when i called the phone number listed for the restaurant online, i was told one thing, then was told something different on arrival. I am so glad they had room for us since this was a birthday trip planned months in advance, and i picked La Cave out of all the other restaurants in Vegas due to their menu options that worked for everyone in the birthday party. We dropped about $1,000 at this place, and they almost lost our business. I would say they need to fix this issue asap.

One other caveat: this place is very expensive. It may be one of the more "casual" dining options at the Wynn, but not when it comes to the price. Since it is a small plates/tapas style restaurant, you have to order at least 2 plates per person to have enough food (that's why they're called "small plates.") Each plate is around $12-$20. And then there's the beverages. A glass of wine will cost you about $15. The cheapest bottle is around $65.

Also, i have to say that I wish there were some restaurants in Vegas where all the servers/waitresses/hostesses were not dressed like prostitutes. No matter where we ate throughout our stay, no matter how upscale the restaurant, without fail, all the waitresses were wearing skin tight stretchy dresses/skirts that just barely covered their private parts. Since it was my first trip to Vegas, this caught me a bit off guard. But i guess that's just Vegas. This is definitely a town set up for men. I noticed that male servers were not dressed similarly/scantily. Just the females (and most of the servers were female in all the restaurants.)
We were staying at Encore, and had an afternoon flight to catch, we decided to have something small and quick. La Cave was the perfect choice. They offer tapas-styled dishes in the afternoon. 

We ordered the jumbo lump crab lettuce cups, which was incredibly delicious. Very light and well-flavored. There was so much fresh crab meat in the lettuce cup. Awesome!

We also ordered the chilled taylor bay scallop and fiery artichoke, roasted pepper pizza, they were both yummy. 

The wine we ordered were quite satisfactory. Service was great. 

We were sitting outside the patio overlooking the pool area. The weather was warm, nice, and breezy. It was quite an enjoyable late afternoon/early evening dining experience.
This place is definitely a hideaway!  We came here to grab a drink before pre-dinner drinks before dinner and drinks....maybe it was a little too early b/c we were about the only people in here, oh well!!!  

What I recommend....Jumbo Lump Crab Lettuce Cups and a glass of Pinot Noir!!!  Heard their pizza is pretty good as well.
Best food ever :)
@nd night in vegas and SW was booked again! so La Cave it was.

Loved their selection of cured hams and cheese! I've never been a fan of wine until i started pairing them with cheese and I was so glad that la cave had malbec!

my favorite choice of wine. They had goat cheese as well and many different varieties.

The ambiance was perfect, dim lighting and high ceilings and great staff.

We also ordered the beef carpaccio, chicken, and others i can't remember.

Not a full entree type of place but a great place to grab mini items for a night out.

who wants to stuff their face before drinking anyways? just so you can throw it back up later? ummmm no thanks.
Another small plates joint.  I love small plates and sharing.  I also love enomatic machines.  They ensure that the wine comes out at the right temperature.  Red wine is always served too warm.  I had the Blue-Eyed Boy Shiraz by Mollydooker and a nice Malbec.  Both were excellent.  Some of the wines are not served in the enomatic machine.  Make sure to order from the enomatic machine.  And ignore the $120 glass of wine.  I don't know what's up with that.  The rest of their wine is reasonably priced.

Our bartender, turned server as the night went on, was also excellent. Very attentive and anticipated our needs. We tried the bacon wrapped dates, mushroom grits, and the prosciutto flatbread.  I could have lived without the bacon-wrapped dates... too large and mushy. you have to cut them in half to eat them. The blue cheese fondue the dates came with didn't have much flavor to it.  I like Firefly's bacon-wrapped dates better with the almond in the middle for some crunch.  I think our bartender did too, because he asked if we'd tried Firefly's.  The mushroom grits were to die for... so tasty with the truffle oil.  I adore grits.  And the prosciutto flatbread was also very, very good.  Lots of prosciutto with arugula made for a nice balance of flavors.  The flatbread is huge compared to the other dishes, so beware.

The desserts were ok. There was a toasted poundcake with strawberry and sour cream ice cream that sounded great but turned out to be underwhelming.  The poundcake just tasted stale and the sour cream ice cream just tasted like vanilla.  We also tried the beignets which were just beignets.  Nothing to write home about.

I like the ambience, but I would suggest sitting farther away from the door.  Maybe at the bar in the back or at a table.  At one point, these kids coming from the pool in swimsuits decided to play in the revolving glass door... and the hostess and their mom let them.  In about 1 minute, one of the kids got slammed in the door by the other kids.  Screaming ensued. The mom couldn't figure out how to get the kid out of the revolving door for a while.  So annoying.  I think the hostess should have put a stop to that before it happened.  It was pretty predictable.

Later in the evening some drunk guys in t-shirts and shorts came in, falling all over the place and asking for Coors Light.  Charming.  Just get a table in the back if you are looking for ambiance that does not involve the regular Las Vegas tourist. 

It's a cute spot that has potential.
Great Concept. 
Great Food. 
Great Wine. 
Great Service. 
Oh, did I tell you...amazing! 
Defiantly has now become our "TO GO" place! 
Congrats on you all.
Great place for tapas.  Bacon wrapped dates, Fiery Artichoke flatbread, and Diver Sea scallops all amazing.  I will be going back!!
I thought this place was amazing.  Part of that may be because someone in our party knew the chef so they brought out all kinds of cool off the menu items. But everything was delicious (only thing I didn't like was the beets). Most memorable dish for me was a flatbread wih an egg on it and a bunch of other delicious toppings. Another plus was that the courses were timed really well- you'd finish a dish, very short wait and then the next thing would come out. Also a nice non-pretentious/casual vibe for this caliber of food. One of my top restaurants in Vegas. Can't wait to go back. Oh, and prices are reasonable too, which is a nice change in this town.
Yum. We loved the ambiance, the wait staff was helpful and prompt,  and the food was great. In fact, my husband liked his dinner so much that he wanted to go back for lunch the next day. The charcouterie plate was wonderful & our waiter was knowledgable enough to help us in our cheese selections. The flat bread was to die for. I highly recommend this place in the lovely Wynn Hotel.
I absolutely appreciate the ambiance this restaurant radiates!  For a party of 6, we had to order quite a few plates (typical, they're tapas! ;))  These dishes were full of flavor...oh and don't forget the wine!  We had a bottle of moscato that was just one of the best I had.

I crave this place!
I was pleasantly surprised at how affordable and delicious La Cave was.  However besides that, I just loved the mood and the layout of La Cave.  There are 3 distinct rooms where you can enjoy delicious Tapas and wines.  Me and friend were in the swanky NY Lounge room that reminded me of being in a Lounge somewhere in Lower Manhattan.  

Now let's talk about the Tapas... 2 thumbs up for the Mushroom Grits and the Diver Sea Scallops... awesome.  Together we ordered 3 Tapas dishes and had a glass of wine a piece.  Total with tip and tax about $43 a piece... which is excellent for a Wynn restaurant.
I love love love this place..i would give 5 stars but the service - like all las vegas restaurants - is lacking. we had the stuffed chicken (OMG, delicious!!), the bacon wrapped dates - which is an interesting concept but not so yummy, the chicken rigatoni - must have, the marinated shrimp - eh.. not so great, and the mini burgers which weren't WOW either. the dessert is so so so yummy - i love the caramel peanut butter bars (which are two giant lollipops) and the chocolate cake was sooo yummy. i love the outdoor patio and the ambiance. overall a must to visit at least once in vegas. interesting menu, great wine selection, and yummy dessert. all this for $150 (+ a bottle of prosecco)
Finally I find another gem. This place is classy and casual. Our waitress, Lisa, was very attentive. Food was excellent, simple not over powering. The price is reasonable but remember it's tapas style so you'll get little bites so it's fun to share with a group of friends. Nothing bad I can say about the place. For four of us we end up ordering six dishes bill was about $80

If I get to do it again I wouldn't order beef cappachio very small portion... the classic way is to lay thinly slice of beef flat, a little dressing, and choice of micro green. This way there are plenty of raw meat ( 16 - 28 slices on a plate). The best one I had was at Chaya in Beverly Hill.
La Cave only served four thinly slices, rolled up with sauce. 

You should order:

Crab lettuce wrap
Angus beef slider
Pizza with quail eggs on it
Belgium beer.
After 2 days of partying, loud music and empty stomachs, La Cave was just what the doctor ordered. The cozy, lounge like atmosphere made La Cave the perfect beginning to our last night in Vegas. To satisfy our greens craving we ordered the asparagus, egg and pancetta salad which was spot on! The quail egg, ham and cheese flatbread was super delish and had an unexpected, yet nice spice to it. The steak croquettes topped with blue cheese were also delish! What was that sauce? Yum! We also enjoyed a nice bottle of Malbec for $48. The service was great and our waiter was super accommodating. He even allowed us to hang out long after closing to finish our wine and enjoy the view off of the balcony. In the end, we spent about $120 (including tip) for two girls. Best and least expensive meal we had in Vegas. I would recommend calling to see if you can reserve a table outside on the balcony.
I was really impressed by this cool, relaxing wine bar located in the strip.  The atmosphere was classy and chic, the wine list was extensive and the service was good.
La Cave at the Wynn is by far the best Tapas restaurant if not one of the best overall places to dine in Vegas, I wish they had one in LA. It was just three of us who went last Friday night, sitting in the back room past the bar gave us a great view of the wine bar and beautiful arches. We are huge foodies and were starving so we thought we would just order a bunch of items thinking they would be tiny...We were pleasantly surprised to find that they were huge and no skimping on portions like most tapa digs. While waiting for our order the sommelier was more than attentive and patient offering up tastes for us to find the perfect glass of wine for the evening. We appreciated the patience and the good listening, if they were only all like that then the even the most inexperienced wine lovers would be taken on a journey. After finding our perfect pairings we served with the chorizo andouille sausage flatbread, the pomegranate sashimi that has this incredible taste and hint of cinnamon, hamachi, some truffle cheese grits-OMG-they got it right! Growing up in the south and a avid grit cook not many restaurants can get grits right but they do, served in a tiny cute cast iron pot keeps them hot for hours making each bite perfect! we then continued our tapas excursion with beets and goat cheese, bacon wrapped dates, grilled asparagus with fried egg(a little difficult to cut into but well worth the bite), beef filet with crostini served with these two sauces, one truffle and one like a red wine glaze, rack of lamb which was again to die for, some green salad and by this time we wanted to keep ordering and eating but were stuffed. We would have ordered the entire menu if we could have, everything is just that good. We ended it with a mixed dessert plate and a huge smile. Michael Morton and Executive Chef Billy really know what they are doing. This is a hidden gem in not only Vegas but everywhere. The service and ambiance were up to par. 
We even returned the next night for a late night bite after we were sorely disappointed and left starved from our stint at blue ribbon at the Cosmo. 
I'd fly to Vegas just to eat here.  It's a breath of fresh air to someone who got it right.
The service is terrible and the food is average. I'm not sure what people find so interesting about this average menu. 

The hostess had absolutely no clue what having a reservation means. If you make a reservation - don't plan to be seated any time soon or be told when you might be seated. And the bar is small, so you will not be able to sit and have a cocktail before dinner. 

Terrible!
This place was pretty good. They had a separate vegan/vegetarian menu which was a great bonus. The food wasn't anything extraordinary but it was a good restaurant for small plate food and drinks. Ask to seat at the outdoor patio the view is so pretty.
This is probably one of my favorite tapas at Vegas.  Its intimate, quiet, and the service was excellent.  The wait was kind of ridiculous though, because we waited 45 mins for our table when there was no one in front of us and the restaurant wasn't full at all.  
The few dishes we tried were light and refreshing.  Everything we tried were quiet impressive, love the wine also.  Especially the scallop
I love me some good tapas and this place did not disappoint. Tried the halibut on the toasted baguette and the marinated grilled shrimp. Both were out of this world. I still crave those shrimp!
Very delicious. Very intimate. Very fun. A bit pricey for what you get, but if you're looking to splurge a little or impress, definitely the place to consider. It's good for dates because the portions are decent so you get to taste some yummy food without getting full. Nice glass of wine or two and you'll be enjoying everything else as well.

The highlight of our meal was definitely the pizza with chorizo. I could have ordered 3 more of them and kept eating because it was that good. Service was attentive and polite. They screwed up our wine order and sent it to the table next to us, but the staff quickly cleared things up and I was enjoying my nice warm buzz by the end.

We were fortunate enough to sit right in front of the kitchen, so we got to see how hard the chefs work to get the food out. It's like sitting at a bar, but with the kitchen cooking right in front of us as we ate. I got to say, they work hard. It was also great to see that they took the affair of cooking seriously and were concentrating on producing a great meal every time. 

Overall, a great experience. The food is thoughtful and creative. The flavors are, in my estimation, meant to be paired with wine. Even if they're not, definitely get a glass because the food and wine definitely complement each other.
La Cave is described as a "Wind and Food Hideaway" that serves savory small plates and oven fired flatbreads. You are greeted at the front with what seems to be typical for Las Vegas Hotel restaurants.
"Can I have a last name."
"Can I have a first name."
"Are you staying here at the hotel?"

At first glance, the restaurant doesn't seem very large. There are 3 different parts to the restaurant: the main dining area, the garden lounge, and the cave. In the front room (the cave), the ceilings are low and there is a bar on the left and seating at a long table in the center. On the right side, you can sit by the open kitchen and watch the food being prepared as you eat. The back room (where we were seated) is slightly larger with higher ceilings and a more open feel. There is seating along the sides and middle of the room, and another bar at back. The last room, which is partly outside, is called the garden lounge.

After we were seated, our waiter introduced himself and made sure to tell us that the food would be "small plates" and pointed to the plate on our table to show how large each item would be. Apparently the people that sat down beside us didn't want small plates, so they got up and left. Moving on to the food, we were given a short overview of the menu, told about the Chef's specials for the day, and given an extensive wine list.

We decided to order three things:
Meatballs, Marinara, Bread (Chef's special)
Sliced Sirloin Steak, Mushroom Fondue, Cippolini Onions
Lamb T-Bone, Bacon, Mustard Greens, Fresh Figs

After ordering, the food was brought out much faster than I expected it to be. I suppose this could have been a bad sign (it wasn't). Although not extravagant in any way, the Meatballs were my favorite item from the meal. The meat was seasoned perfectly and the marinara didn't overpower the flavor of the meat. Also, for the price, the portion was very large. The Sirloin Steak was cooked well (I mean flavor, not that it was burned to a crisp). I don't really like mushrooms, but in this case they didn't detract from the overall flavor. Finally, the Lamb T-Bone. This was almost as good as the meatballs.  Great seasoning/flavor and very tender is how I would describe it. The lamb was placed over a bed of mustard greens with bacon. In almost any situation, I hate mustard greens. Not this time though, as they were actually good.

No room for dessert, but I'll assume we didn't miss out on anything special. The desserts are standard desserts served from the hotel (Wynn) and not unique to the restaurant. Beyond the food, the service was very good. From the person that showed us to our table, to our waiter, to the person going around refilling drinks. There was just enough attention, but not too much to the the point of being annoying. The next time I'm in Las Vegas I'll definitely be going back to La Cave to try out a few more things.
They stray from calling it tapas, but they have magnificent small dishes.  The decor and patio are great, a fantastic setting to enjoy the great food and great cocktails.  Make sure you make reservations.
Stopped in for some late night munchies after catching Love at The Mirage. The decor and the ambiance is fantastic. Just a really comfy feel. The menu is small, but packed with lots of interesting stuff. 

Be aware that everything is basically tapas. Small plates, but really good for sharing. We ended up with 5 items for two people. Roasted beets (excellent), bacon wrapped dates (divine),  grilled hanger steak with mashed potatoes (fantastic), flatbread (tasty) and some kind of chocolate mousse dessert (very tasty and rich). 

All around good experience. Can be sneaky expensive if you are not paying attention to what you are ordering. 

I would easily good back. Especially for late night dining.
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because we were confused when we first sat down about how to do the place right.  The place was packed, and we just walked up, but the greeters couldn't have been nicer helping us get a couple of seats at the kitchen.  We ordered some cocktails - DANG! - don't tell anyone, but our vodka tonics had to have been a whole glass of vodka poured over ice.  No complaints here.  We started with a charcuterie plate, which was good, but the lesson we learned is to skip the charcuterie and move directly to the flatbreads and small plates.  We learned this hard lesson after seeing all the amazing dishes being turned out by the kitchen.  We ended up ordering one we saw - a flatbread with filet, mushrooms, caramelized onions and blue cheese - DANG AGAIN!  This flatbread blew us away even more than the flammable cocktails.  La Cave does not mess around.  We will definitely be back next time we're in town to try the bacon wrapped dates and more goodies.
Great food, fun presentation, attendant and proactive service, and wonderful atmosphere.

We'd had a couple of mediocre or bad experiences in Vegas on our trip, but this was the one that we were hoping for.

Our server, Larry, was top-notch, accommodating, and pleasant.  

The food was tremendous, especially the lump crab lettuce wraps and bacon-wrapped dates.  

Thank you for a great night out at a reasonable rate!
Fabulous... Had a wonderful time. Atmosphere was great! Food was very rich so we didn't end up eating all that much. Do the wine flight- best deal.
I would have never picked it. So glad we went here. The meats are fresh, the wine selection is fantastic and they are open late. Comfy vibe and outdoor options. The 4 of us shared everything and would definately come back. Overall great experience!
I was fortunate to have business meetings at the Wynn this past week and made it a point to have lunch at La Cave as I had heard great things. And I was definitely impressed. La Cave, known for their small plates, flatbreads and extensive wine list, was simply amazing! I dined with 2 colleagues and ordered 5 plates, which was more than enough to share. I will review in the order we received our food, starting with the mushroom grits which were to die for! I don't believe I had ever had grits before and my first experience eating them was amazing. The grits are served with the mushrooms, pecorino cheese and butter on top and after mixing everything in, each bite I took was absolutely delicious. Next up was the salt-roasted beets, topped with goat cheese and pistachios. Every beet salad I've had in the past is usually served cold, whereas the beets I enjoyed at La Cave were warm and fresh. Shortly thereafter came the bacon-wrapped dates which were also out of this world. Our chorizo & sausage flatbread came next which was a very generous serving. The flatbread was unlike any other with the unique toppings served here. Finally, we had ordered the stuffed chicken and that is the only dish I wouldn't highly recommend. While not bad, it was just chicken with no unique touches. All in all, I am so glad I was able to dine at La Cave and will definitely return upon my next trip to Vegas.
Small plates = 2 to 3 plates per head.  Flatbreads are a little bigger.  Next time I would request to sit outside on the patio.  Filet flatbread was very tasty but greasy, and lamb with bacon and greens was great.  Extensive wine list and great drinks.  Vegan menu is a huge plus with losts of choices.  Mushroom tortellini and beet salad made us happy.
I was recently in Vegas with my boyfriend to celebrate his birthday. We had an awesome dinner, and then checked out Lewis Black at The Mirage. After the shot let out around midnight, we were looking for a chill place to enjoy a glass of wine and some snacky type food. This place seemed to fit the bill, so we made our way over to the Wynn.

For what we wanted, this spot was perfect. We were seated in a quiet, hip little room and presented with the late night menu and wine list. I selected a prosecco, my boyfriend selected a viognier, and we went to check out the menu. We were a bit surprised that they didn't offer their cheeses on the late night menu. You'd think it'd be the easiest thing to get ready, but I guess there aren't a lot of people looking to sip wine and nibble on cheese in Vegas at 1am. Oh well. 

We ended up with the bacon wrapped dates and some of the mini-hamburgers. The burgers were probably some of the best sliders I've had. The meat was very fresh and well seasoned, and they were topped with a tasty chipotle mayo. I'd seen bacon wrapped dates on menus before, and had always been curious about them. They didn't disappoint. The sweetness of the dates compliment the saltiness of the bacon very well, and the creamy blue cheese fondue that was served with them was delicious. 

The service was pretty good. Our waitress mentioned that it was her first time working the late night shift, so we understand when she had to ask for guidance on a few things. The prices are about what we expected. Overall, it was a perfect end to a great day. I think we'll be trying La Cave for a full on dinner in the near future.
Great spot for wine and drinks. Lite menu but very tasty snacks. Flatbreads were outstanding, especially the chorizo, anduoille one, and just what we were looking for as we wanted to duck out of the hustle of the casino and just have some conversation.
I'm kinda easy to please when it comes to an afternoon filled with a glass (or a bottle) of wine, a cheese board and charcuterie. 

We were seated in their outdoor patio that overlooks the pool and started out with a glass of wine. They have over 250 bottles of wine to choose from, as well as wine served by the glass. Our first round of orders included: Jumbo Lump Crab Lettuce Cups (excellent), Bacon Wrapped Dates, Blue Cheese Fondue and Rigatoni Pasta with Grilled Chicken, Basil Cream. Everything was larger than your average tapas plate. Definately enough to share with 2 or 3 people (depending on your appetite). 

We then split the Charcuterie, you have an option of 3 meats and 3 cheeses (cow, sheep or goat). We enjoyed everything that came out. 

Don't forget to try the S'mores Flatbread.
Couches and pretty staff.  Good place for a drink.  It is loud though and the service was crappy.  Did not eat so I can not give you any input there.
Polite People @ door.  Nice ambiance. Bit loud. Pro waiter.  Great Cocktail.  Food was great.  we were wasted but it was great.  Bacon wrapped dates, and Lamb T Bones on Mustard Greens were amazing.  We'll be back
We have visited the Wynn/Encore three times now and it is always a delight.  La Cave is new for our third visit and we were knocked out satisfied.  In fact, La Cave is the ONLY restaurant we ever visited twice in the same Las Vegas vacation.
Our server, Beverly, was delightful.  Very knowledgeable and helpful, but not pushy.  The three meat flatbread was fresh, well prepared and presented on a neat cutting board.  My wife is still talking about the wonderful charcuterie appetizer.
On the second visit we tried several other tapas and were very satisfied.  The beef selection had a great taste, along with the blue cheese topping that is!
After our not so great 5 star Italian experience from the night before I wanted to go somewhere close- in our hotel. Something light, something quick, and something trendy. La Cave caught my eye right awag from the endless restaurant menus at Wynn/Encore. I thought it would be the perfect place to dine, relax and try a few things.

Fact: Michael Morton created this restaurant!

Here the breakdown:

Ahi Tuna Sashimi-pomegranite flavor, small dish, refreshing.

Thai Snapper Cevice- not impressed. It came with little taro chips, but the fish was very "whatever"

Hamachi-refreshing, but nothing special.

Jumbo Crab Lettuce Cumps- a little too watery, hard to eat, but also very light and tender

Charcuterie-amazing! I loved all the difference options of mixing and matching.

Marinated Shrimp-also pretty great!

Angus Mini Burgers- I'm not the biggest red meat fan, but these were pretty delicious and very simple! They came with roasted tomatoes!

Mushroom Grits-the favorite at the table! Even though it was a very small dish it was great for sharing! Very rich and creamy!

My friends also got the Salmon and the beet/goat cheese salad. Both came in small sizes and were perfect for a course or to share.

Overall I really enjoyed this restaurant. We sat in the lounge which had low chairs, dark atmosphere and very lively vibe! I would come back here again!! 

It's also a full bar!
We went here after seeing La Reve.  Unfortunately we were sat next to a table of very drunk people (who were loud & started putting their used plates on our table).  It wasn't the restaurants fault these people were so obnoxious, but it impacted our feelings about La Cave.

We had the mini Angus burgers, meatballs, steak & mushroom flatbread and a couple of Pinot Noir wine flights.  

The mini burgers were excellent (I would recommend getting the chipotle mayo on the side - the chipotle is really strong (and I like Chipotle!))  The flatbread was decent.

The meatballs were good, but the burgers were the star.

I might go back to this place if I could pick a table away from any obnoxious drunk people (maybe when the weather is better sitting on the patio is nice?)
One of Wynn's newer places, sometimes called a tapas restaurant; but let's get serious.  That has lost all meaning.  It is small plates, in no way Spanish.  Come on, people! It seems like it was just a few years ago that if I said I went to a "tapas" place, that was misconstrued as women with no clothes.  Now every spot that wants to overcharge for a flatbread is throwing that moniker around.  (End rant.)

The Vegan Menu, which is all I care about, was small, but everything on it looked great.  There are about 6 items, ranging in price from ~$10-14.  I went with Amanda, and we shared four dishes: roasted beets w/ cashew cheez and pistachios, roasted pepper, kalamata, and artichoke flatbread, quinoa with caponata, and gardein "chicken breast" with sauteed greens and celery root puree.  I thoroughly enjoyed everything, but the gardein and beets were my favorites! The bread of the flatbread was pretty amazing too.  That would make a fabulous pizza.  No real vegan desserts (they offered fruit).

I had a flight of Spanish wines (4 2oz pours, $20) that were all good.  They have flights for every budget, which is AWESOME.  Great way to expand your wine palate. 

My only real complaint is the ridiculously small tables, especially for a place where you will be eating multiple dishes at once.  Also, they do not make any effort to time the dishes, they just come out willy nilly, so ours were all there at once.  

The service and ambiance were fine, nothing to write home about but no complaints.

I would definitely go back and try the remaining two dishes (and get the gardein again!).
We came here for post-dinner, pre-show drinks and all in all it was quite lovely.  The ambiance is really great - classy without being uptight, dim without being too dark.  If we weren't on a schedule, this is the sort of environment I could hang out in sipping wine for hours.  The service was exceptional and the drinks delicious.  My friends got the blood orange margaritas and they were amazing - tons of flavor and not too sweet.  I had a white wine flight that was also very good, and reasonably priced at $15 for four 2 oz samples.

Oh, and the server explained the date on the plates to us - one was clearly the year they opened, and the other was 6,000 something B.C., which apparently is the first recorded date of wine.  Pretty awesome.
Beef carpaccio is orgasmic! And don't forget to try the mushroom grits and quail egg pizza.
My first visit was 12/13...and loved it so much I went back the 15th. Nice little Wine Bar - "Tapas" style - small plates. In 2 days, I tried the Asparagus Salad, the beef Carpaccio, the salumi charcuterie board, the cheese selection and the "Chef's special flat bread - bacon - quail eggs...Everything tested great and service was right on. The atmosphere is very nice, chic and intimate. I really liked the Wine Flight menu (everything from US - France - Spain - Italy - White - Big Reds - Pinot Noir etc...and quite reasonably priced also. A must go for a nice lunch, quick afternoon bite or...anytime
Dined here three times already... Obviously that means I like the place. 

Tried a variety of plates..... Crab lettuce cups (YUM), caesar salad (very basic), crispy wonton salmon (LOVE) , tomato flatbread (pass on this.... too saucy and tomatoey.. a little different than expected), chorizo flatbread (WINNER. but spicy. PRETTY spicy), onion soup (lots of onions and above average), mini burgers (3 burgers nice for picking.... not anything out of the world.... pretty average but will get again).

Wines they have a nice array of....... Always just do the flights for the sake of being able to try different types of wine..... Tried the France and Italian and def the French was a nice choice :D

WILL BE BACK AGAIN :)
Went for an early dinner the day after Xmas and really enjoyed the two flatbreads that we shared (one with steak and blue cheese and the other with quail egg and pancetta).  Service once we were seated was very good as well.  We opted to sit at the counter next to the display kitchen.  This turned out great for us, as the chef in charge of the flatbreads noticed that one of the ones intended for us was instead delivered to another table.  He quickly let us know that he was making us another one while passing a complimentary plate of bacon-wrapped figs around the partition.  Really above and beyond the level of service I normally expect at LV hotel restaurants, even at a hotel like the Wynn.

One complaint was with the hostess.  We stopped in early (no reservation) when the place was nearly empty and noted that we just wanted to grab a quick round of drinks and appetizers.  Before seating us, she went through this whole process of getting our full names and whether we were staying at the hotel.  Struck me as completely unnecessary and rather ridiculous - they should really do away with it.
Multum in Parvo... that's what the sign says above the hostess stand.  I asked her what that means and she didn't know.  Then she asked the manager and (s)he didn't know.  Google tells me it means "much in little".  That's how everything is served.  Little dishes for sharing.

The wifey and I came here because I read an article about Mr. Morton's little creation in the Continental magazine.  I was excited about trying out his new joint however, La Cave let me down.  The food was not spectacular.  The wines by the glass were ok.  There are other places on the strip where you can spend the same amount of money and get better dishes.  

We tried the following dishes and I have rated them from best to least tasting: raclette cheese and potatoes, 
ahi tuna, 
mushroom risotto and 
the tomato mozzarella and caper pizza.
I was not impressed by La Cave at all. They had my favourite wine (Joh. Jos. Prum) which is = to a * on its own. but they only had it by the half bottle so that's loss of 1/2 *. The service was mediocre at best.  The food sounded like it was going to amazing and flavorful but most of it was very bland, the only exception being the beef carpacio which was amazing. 

Food
Ahi Tuna- tasteless
Thai Snapper Ceviche- bland
Angus Mini burgers-  not enough sauce too much meat
Beef Carpaccio- phenomenal

repeat- nope
Pretty good food but i am not a very big fan of tapas.  overall i thought it was a fun vibe for some good wine and a light dinner
Not outrageous :-D!

Flights of wine start at $15 (4 tastings about the equivalent of 2 glasses of vino) and have a very wide selection of Whites and Reds to choose from!

On top of that, they have a separate vegan menu.  It's short and sweet but my two items were fantastic and filling.  I went with the artichoke flatbread (huge!  and delightful!) and the Gardin Chicken "somethingorother" I forget the name but it was really good.  

All of our portions were pretty good sized.  Everyone kept telling us the portions were super small (duh, it's Tapas) but these were big for tapas.  I guess they're used to feeding the more hearty of customers that Vegas attracts.

Props to Steve Wynn for going Vegan and making it so ALL restaurants on his properties offer some tasty veg options!
Though the designation 'Vegas Val" is by far my favorite and well-used moniker, my newly minted "Vegas Veteran" is a close second. And yet, with such a classification as these I have to ask myself "How have I NOT been to La Cave before?!"

Perhaps it was all those Bellagio Buffet visits that got in the way of such a fine Vegas dining experience. Or, as a complete contrast, perhaps it was all those late-night, post-libation cravings for all things fried and greasy. Whatever the case, I'm really glad I came here!

My friend and I had some time to kill as our man-friends waited in line at XS. Starving, we wandered the casino until we found something that looked reputable and served meat. Finding La Cave almost instantly, we both ordered the sliced sirloin and an accompanying wine flight. (Yes, I likely did not enter the establishment sober, but it doesn't take a sober person to know that their steak is LEGIT.) Tender and covered in a mushroom fondue, the sliced sirloin hit the spot. And at roughly $20, the wine flights were a great way to sample from the thorough wine list (as well as continue that pre-clubbing buzz!).

Like most Vegas experiences I happened upon La Cave by chance. UNLIKE most Vegas experiences...I don't actually regret this one!
Ate here before hanging out at Surrender.  I ordered the filet flat bread, my friends - shrimp avocado flat bread, and beef tenderloin.  

The flat breads were phenomenal.  Beef tenderloin was on the small portion side, but was cooked perfectly - melted in my mouth!  I originally had this marked down as a 5 star, but took one away for service.  The ladies at the front were not too nice when I asked what seats were available without reservations, and our waitress forgot the tenderloin dish.  We put in the shrimp flatbread after the initial order, and it came out before the tenderloin.  No comps for their mistakes, just an oops.
A lovely spot with delicious small plates and totally unfriendly, indifferent service.  Three of us sat at the bar (where only one other guest was sitting) and still struggled to get the bartender's attention throughout our meal - to acknowledge us upon arrival, to order drinks, to get said drinks, to order food, to ask for anything. . . though he was great at refilling my water at the end of our meal oddly enough.
Maybe you'll have better luck at a table.
This was a great little place to eat before seeing La Reve at the Wynn.  We had the artichoke and red pepper flatbread, the sirloin steak tapas, and a salad.  The flatbread was excellent as were the sirloin steak.  The salad wasn't anything memorable but wasn't terrible.  I can't exactly recall what it was but it was similar to a caesar salad.  Wine selection was also good if a bit pricey but what can you do, its Vegas!
The best vegan meal we had in Vegas, if not the best of any meal since we became vegan.

We had:
Salted Beets w/Pistachios: Amazing
Artichoke Flatbread: Fantastic
Quinoa with Eggplant Caponata: Incredible (husband doesn't even LIKE eggplant, but he couldn't stop talking about this dish)
Gardein Chicken w/celery root puree: Friggin Unbelievable

The atmosphere is great, the space is beautiful, and the service is awesome.  My only complaint, and the reason there are 4 stars, and not 5:  Even though they boast a huge collection of wines and the Wynn touts itself as being very vegan-friendly, they had no vegan wines (most wines are refined with egg whites or some other animal product).  It's not their fault that they had no wine, really, but more the fault of the Wynn.  You can see my review here:

http://www.yelp.com/biz/wynn-las-vegas-las-vegas-3#query:the%20Wynn

I asked when we made the reservation if they had vegan wines, and was told that they do not, nor does the Wynn have any vegan wines at all. Period.  I asked if we could bring our own wine, as I was told that yes, we could, but there was a 2 bottle minimum.  Luckily, we had rented a car, so we drove to Whole Foods, and picked out 2 bottles of vegan wine.  When we arrived at La Cave, and were seated at our table, we were informed that the corkage fee was $50 PER BOTTLE.  With a 2 bottle minimum!  I told the server that we were very disappointed and felt like we were getting ripped off.  The had no vegan wine, so we had to go buy our own, and now we were going to have to pay $100 just to drink it.  All we wanted was to sip some wine while we enjoyed our romantic dinner.  Our server told the manager, who then came and told us that this one time, as an exception, they would waive the corkage fees.  This was by no means something they normally would do, but they did it as a courtesy to us.  We were so grateful for this act on their part.  It was so kind and generous of them.

We loved our meal at La Cave.  We will go back if they perhaps start carrying vegan wine (please!!!), or if we don't plan on drinking at all.
We went here a couple of times for a late afternoon glass of wine and snack.  We sat outside on one occasion and sat at the bar on another occasion.  Service was pleasant and efficient.  We found the ambiance and experience to be relaxing and a nice way to pass some time and have a light bite.  There were lots of interesting wine selections by the glass.  We would visit again.
I love tapas but this was the best, great variety, everything was great.  Service A+, late night going with team at HIMSS2012 conference.  Love the bacon wrapped dates and himachi. A most in Vegas.
La Cave is located inside of the Wynn hotel. The restaurant serves small plates of food so that you can order a bunch of plates to share with your friends. It's best to dine in a group of 2-4 people because the plates are small and even though you can order multiple orders of the same dish it's still hard to pass everything around the table...or you can do what we did and split you table into different groups. We had a party of 8 but divided the table into two groups to make it easier to order, share food, and split the bill. We were advised by our waiter to order about two plates per person and it was the perfect amount of food.

Ahi Tuna (Pomegranate, Basil Oil) $15 - The ahi tuna was super fresh and the sauce was very flavorful.
Hamachi (Pickled Chilies, Candied Lemon Zest) $15 - Again, the Hamachi was very fresh and the sauce was light but flavorful. I also liked the added spiciness from the chilies.
Beef Carpaccio (Arugula, Truffle Aioli) $15 - I love truffle everything and the truffle aioli in this dish was delicious!
Salt-roasted Beets (Whipped Goat Cheese, Pistachio) $10 - I loved the salt-roasted beets. The beets were sweet, the whipped goat cheese was rich and creamy, and the pistachio gave the dish a nice crunch.
Shaved Asparagus (Hard Boiled Eggs, Pancetta) $10 - I loved all of the different textures in this dish...the crisp asparagus shavings, the soft egg whites, and the crunchy pancetta.
Sliced Sirloin Steak (Mushroom Fondue, Cippolini Onions) $19 - The sliced sirloin steak was to die for. The meat was tender, the sauce was amazing, and the mushrooms and onions were super tasty.
Diver Sea Scallops (Polenta Cake, Shrimp Sauce) $17 - The scallops were melt in your mouth delicious. I loved the polenta cake...it was soft and creamy on the inside and slightly crispy on the outside.
Chef's Selection: Nueske's Bacon, Poached Quail Egg, Fontina Flatbread $14 - The bacon pretty much looked and tasted like ham. I liked the addition of the quail egg on top...it's something unexpected. The flatbread itself had a nice chewy texture and a nice crisp on the bottom.

Everything was really good...we ate every last morsel of food!

Including a bottle of wine and tip it came out to be a little more than $50 per person which is pretty reasonable for a nice dinner in Vegas. I would highly recommend this restaurant!

P.S. They also have a vegetarian/vegan menu! There was someone in our party that is a vegetarian and she thoroughly enjoyed the vegetarian dishes as well.
Came here with 8 other girls for a friend's birthday. Needless to say, we tried pretty much everything on the menu - and was VERY PLEASED! Our server, Matt, was also extremely attentive, funny and quick! The service overall here was very quick - even though we had 9 girls, we were out of there easily in 1.5 hours. 

Some of my favorites however include (but note, there really wasn't anything that I disliked):

* hamachi with jalapenos - SO refreshing & crisp! (small portion)
* crab/lobster lettuce wrap
* flatbreads - both the artichoke & the bacon/egg were delicious
* bacon wrapped dates 

All in (including tax & tip), ended up being $60 / person (this is excluding alcohol).

They also have various wine flights (4) available ranging from $15-25.
La Cave services small bites and has food I would consider as California Cuisine.  We ordered the bacon wrapped dates, flatbread, and grits.  The food was good, but nothing out of the world.  What really stuck to us though would be the horrible service we encountered while at this restaurant.

After ordering our food, we were pretty much ignored by our waiter even though there were other customers in the room with us.  The wait staff helped our the other tables but never really came back to us to see if we needed more water.  In the end, we ended having to wave our arms like mad in order to catch the attention of anyone in the room to hand us our bill.  We never received a refill of water that we wanted.

After getting our bill, it took a lot of flailing around trying to get the attention of our waiter to finally get him to take our bill.  What was frustrating about the entire situation was that he walked by us a few times, saw that we were trying to get his attention and continued to ignore us.  I was able to see him look over at us, ignore us, and then continue on.  After doing that twice, he finally came by to pick up our bill once he saw how frustrated we were becoming and asked "oh, are you ready now?".  He didn't bother to hand us our credit card back himself, sending someone else to do it.  We wrote our unhappiness on the receipt.

I don't feel as though it was so busy to the point that this type of service is okay.  Actually, given the fact that La Cave is at the Wynn, I had expected so much more from them.  I was very disappointed and upset.
Best meal of my life, mushroom grits were unbelievably creamy and the flat bread melted in  your mouth
Although our server Perry was not as great as I would have expected, you have to come here to try the food. It is amazing. Reservations are highly recommended to this place. We were seated immediately after checking in with the hostess who happens to be outside La Cave (one of the walkways of Wynn).

We were seated in a dark room with a view of the pool area. In fact, the whole place was dimly lit. Our waiter took forever to serve our table (15-20 minutes after being seated). I was rather disappointed with this. He apologized for this, but this is not the way to make a good initial impression. We started out with wine flights. I had the French wine flight and one of my other friends had the Italian wine flight.  The Italian wine flight was clean and crisp, typical of what you would find in an Italian villa. The French wine flight was full of flavor with a kick after each sip. I believe that both of those wine flights were great. I think that the Italian wine flight was $25 and the French wine flight was $30 for 4 tastings each. The wine flights had half reds and half white wines. You drink incrementally from light to dark so you drink the whites first before you drink the reds.

Make sure you bring lots of money because for the three of us, it was almost 100 bucks per each person. I have to say that the dishes we had were so good. I think the combination of all the flavors as you take a bite of each Tapas item was orgasmic. We had the Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes, the Diver Sea Scallops with Polenta Cake, the Gorgonzola Salad, Sliced Sirloin Steak with Mushroom Fondue, Mushroom Grits, Beef Filet with Crostini, etc. Do not order everything at the same time. Order in batches so your food is warm when it comes out of the kitchen. Some dishes are quick but some take a while so you should consult your waiter about the lead times. I would love to come back here again for a special occasion as it is very expensive to dine here, but it is worth it.
Our group of seven ate here on a Wednesday night. We had made a reservation earlier in the day and were only able to get a 915pm seating (so make a reservation in advance if possible). We were seated at a very large table, which had large comfortable chairs. The room was dimly lit and had an open and airy feel (since the back of the restaurant opened to the pool. All of the food and drinks were very good. The service was not extremely fast but we were not in a hurry so it didn't make a difference to our group.
The head wine buyer for the Wynn just called me in response to a letter I wrote to them about this situation.  He said they do carry a few vegan wines, but perhaps the staff were not aware.  They are working on adding more and told me to contact him when we plan on revisiting so he can give us an up-to-date list on what vegan wines they have so we know what to order.  I am so impressed with the Wynn.  Truly amazing customer service and a beautiful hotel to boot!
I've been to La Cave enough times since it first opened to get the "lay of the land" and become pretty familiar with the menu. So far, I've experienced solid cuisine and tantalizing wines. Add the poolside setting, and all in all it's a lovely hideaway for a casual lunch or dinner.

The pizza (sorry, "flatbread") with micro mozzarella and capers is quite delectable, and it's big enough to constitute either a good sized entree for one or a tasty snack for two. I had never even realized I like capers before trying this dish here. But once I did, I had a new found appreciation for the salty bite of capers (especially when combined with nicely melted micro mozzarella and crushed good tomatoes on warm flatbread).
 
And if you're in the mood for something sweet, then don't bother leaving. Just order the beignets and dig in! They're puffy little dough balls that just become extraordinary when dusted with powered sugar and paired with tasty dipping sauces. I tried it with the raspberry jam, the chocolate sauce, and the creme anglaise, and in all cases I had to hold myself back from licking the plate. This may have been the high point of my most recent dining experience here.

Oh, and don't forget the vino! I mean, come on, "In wine we trust" is written in Latin on this joint's ceiling! I'm trying to remember the name of the wine I tried on my last visit, but it was red, sparkly, sweet (but NOT Lambrusco!), and quite satisfying. If you like being adventurous with your wine, then you'll most certainly have fun here.

So far, La Cave has been a great addition to Wynn's dining scene, and it fills a void in providing a "tapas style menu" at a price point that shouldn't even scare away tourists who think they can't afford anything inside Wynn or Encore.
Came here with a party of 9 girls for one of my good friend's birthday dinners prior to clubbing at XS.  Every single thing we ordered was bursting with flavor, featured very common ingredients in a new or exotic way, and had great textural composition.  We shared:

*hamachi with pickled chilies, candied lemon zest and taro chips: I couldn't stop eating this!
*thai snapper ceviche w/ asian pear and habanero peppers
*jumbo lump crab lettuce wraps with citrus - they do not skimp on the crab meat
*prosciutto wrapped chicken stuffed with cheese, lemon caper sauce
*sunny side egg, jamon serrano, asparagus, toast
*flatbread with quail egg, bacon and fontina cheese
*flatbread with artichokes, roasted red peppers, olives and feta cheese
*diver sea scallops over polenta cake and shrimp sauce - beautiful, savory, amazing!
*marinated shrimp with roasted tomatoes and chili oil
*shaved asparagus with chopped hard boiled eggs and pancetta - was a big fan of this lighter, fresh dish
*bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese fondue
*salt-roasted red beets with whipped goat cheese and chopped pistachios

Our server was this super cute and funny guy, and he was very attentive to our group.  It probably helped that we were all glammed up in our clubbing dresses too ;P
I don't know if I fell into one of those cases where my expectations were just too high, but I wasn't a fan. I expected a great dining experience considering the reviews on here, and the price, but the dishes were hit or miss. The ambiance was nice, but I wouldn't recommend this place.

Hits: 
The cheese sauce for the bacon wrapped dates was really good, making it different
The sirloin dish was delicious, especially the onion and mushrooms

Misses:
The flat bread was pizza...not what we were expecting for a Spanish inspired restaurant
The ahi tuna was bland and nothing special
We stopped in here for a bit to eat before Le Reve.  It is not a place that we even researched prior to going there but it was recommended by our server at Parasol Down.

The ouside patio is beautiful with the surrounding pool and gardens.  We had some Prosecco and 3 tapas - bacon wrapped dates, some smoked salmon wonton thing, and stuffed chicken.  They were all quite tasty although the chicked was a bit dry.  Service was great.  I would love to go back and try some different items on their menu - the wine list looked very interesting as well.
When I called 2 hrs before our reservations, they were able to accommodate a table for 8 with no hesitation!  When we arrived we had our door seats, aww pretty view, but it was way to windy, so when we asked to be seated indoors, they were able to accommodate us after about a 10 mins wait.  Great!  5 stars for that alone! 

We wanted to try everything on the list, but were forewarned, each dish were very small portions.  we ordered 2.5 dishes per very 2 people, that wasn't enough for dinner.  But everything from the flat pizzas (4) to the scallop cerviche were delicious! After we all had our own desserts.  They were all very yummy.  The smores pizza was my favorite and I don't even like smores! 

The pricey dishes kept us from ordering to be full.  As for flavour, it gets 6 stars, for dinner place to go when hungry it gets a 3 star.  but overall I'd rate it a 4 start place.  I'd definitely go again for dinner but make sure you had a full lunch prior.
I love La Cave!

Everything from interior to food to service was outstanding.  We came here before the Phantom of the Opera and were seated in the garden area since it was a little chilly for outdoor seating.  We were in a slight rush to make the show which we explained to our server and she was very accommodating.  She was at our table frequently in case we wanted to order more, and brought our food out as soon as it was ready.

In terms of food, I highly recommend Ahi Tuna with pomegranate, ti's absolutely out of this world!  Flat-bread with tomato, mozzarella and capers was also very good.  The Truffle Tremor and Bermuda Triangle cheeses we also outstanding.

Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going back for more La Cave tapas!
My girlfriends and I came here for our highlight bachelorette party dinner and it was FANTASTIC. I've loved every restaurant I've gone to at the Wynn (Tableau for brunch) and will continue to make sure I try one of their restaurants every time I'm back in Vegas!
 
Every dish was delicious, plus their service was awesome (we needed to be out of there within 2 hours to make our show and all our dishes came within 20 minutes of us ordering! It gave us extra time to lounge around and order extra drinks at the end of the meal before we had to go. The environment 

On to THE FOOOOOD!
 
*Thai Snapper Ceviche, Asian Pear, Habaero - $15
4 stars
Great way to start the meal - light, well balanced flavors, fresh seafood. I don't even normally like ceviche but I liked this one as it had some really stand out flavors!

*Jumbo Lump Crab Lettuce Cups, Citrus Segments - $16
4.5 stars
Love the contrast in texture between the fresh lettuce cups and the crab. The citrus added a great tangy kick to the flavor. A wonderfully simple but refreshing dish.
 
*Bacon Wrapped Dates, Blue Cheese Fondue - $12
3.5 stars
Delicious - as bacon wrapped dates always should be. The I thought the blue cheese would add a really unique bit of taste but it was a bit bland, also a bit too much creamy (like those dips that come with those veggie platters at the grocery store).

*Beef Carpaccio, Arugula, Truffle Aoli - $15
4 stars
Yummy, tender, well balanced.
 
*Fiery Artichoke, Roasted Pepper, Olives Flatbread - $14
*Chorizo, Italian & Andouille Sausage Flatbread - $15
4 stars
Both flatbreads had a great crunchy crust that was soft and steamy once you bit into it. They all had a good balance of flavors.

*Salt-roasted Beets, Whipped Goat Cheese, Pistachio - $10
4.5 stars
Beet-lovers (and even non-beet-lovers) unite! A wonderful little dish that has the sweet, the savory, the creamy, the crunchy. 

*Lamb T-Bone, Spinach, Pomegranate - $19
4.5 stars
The lamb is SO tender and delicious. With just enough pomegranate seeds to add that kick of unique flavor into every bite.

*Diver Sea Scallops, Polenta Cake, Shrimp Sauce - $17
4.5 stars
Fantastic use of seafood, soggy carbs (my fave), and a delightful sauce.
 
*Chocolate risotto
3 stars
Well done, and it came with some small cookies, but nothing particularly unique/memorable about this dish. Get if you like chocolate rice pudding =).

*S'mores flatbread
4.5 stars
Ohhh yes. A delicious fatty way to end the meal.
I was by myself and sat at the bar.  Sort of a tapas place.  Had a nice flight of wines,good deal. Ate light cessation salad. Expensive but nice presentation. $9. Salad was small
Service was great, food was excellent, and drinks were oooo lala!

The only dishes I really did not like was

Ahi Tuna, Pomegranate, Basil Oil-the pomegranate over powered everything and was horrible

Rigatoni Pasta, Grilled Chicken, Basil Cream-came in this lil cute pot, but the pasta was not cooked all the way and the grilled chicken pieces were too big. we gave this back to the kitchen

What I LOVED:

Thai Snapper Ceviche, Asian Pear, Habaero-really fresh

Crispy Wonton Salmon Sashimi, Avocado, Sesame Soy Dressing-just like a realllllly amazing nacho

Sunny Side Organic Egg, Jamon Serrano, Asparagus-i don't usually order stuff with eggs, but this was good. the toast was a lil hard

Chef's Selection~Nueske's Bacon, Poached Quail Egg, Fontina Flatbread -the most amazing flat bread I ever had. This was sooooooooooooooo good I can just only eat this. Must order more stuff with eggs from now on. I LOVE this dish so much

Sliced Sirloin Steak, Mushroom Fondue, Cippolini Onions-great mushroom sauce and cooked perfectly

Diver Sea Scallops, Polenta Cake, Shrimp Sauce-EXCELLENT!
It was amazing! The vegan food was so delicious. The atmosphere and service was fantastic! Will be going back soon.
Must try the bacon-wrapped figs. Quick service, amazing food. We also had the onion soup, snapper ceviche, ahi, and sirloin. The style here is more like tapas so be prepared to order several plates. A little pricey, but great quality food.
Tapas style American food. I would say at least $50 a person for food + 1 drink (like a glass of bubbly and not the higher end stuff). It wasn't my favorite eatery and here's why: ... Who could possibly mess up bacon wrapped figs/dates? The dates were huge sugary blobs, which overpowered the bacon and cheese that it was paired with. The beets were tasteless, even with pistachio crusting, it really didn't stand out. The sirloin with mushroom fondue was  a filler, not as savory as I expected. The flat bread was good, but not what I come to vegas for (I got mozz and capers, thought simple would be the way to go, but it wasn't great). The diver sea scallops were the star of the show stacked on top of a pan fried polenta patty. Not impressed with my dishes, try the luck with others!
Love the atmosphere both inside and on the patio.  The food is fantastic and not ridiculously expensive compared to other strip restaurants. My husband and I shared a flatbread pizza, a salad and a delicious scallop tapas and shared a flatbread dessert with another couple and that was perfect for us but I would probably say 2 tapas per person would be best.
We've eaten here 7 times now and never have had a bad meal. Sitting in the back bar is our choice, because the service seems to be exceptional there. If you sit in the back,ask for David....he rocks!
1 good natured waiter, 12 dishes times 2, and several wine flights later we were 9 happy girls! Food was awesome - felt kind of familiar but new at the same time. Thoroughly enjoyed our pre-XS bday celebration dinner here!
Went again last night and had a table on the patio as requested. We had very slow service which was disappointing but the meal was outstanding. I had the beef filet with gorgonzola for $20 and it was thick and delicious.  I will definitely have that again next time. The salads are great, the various sashimi were all good and the atmosphere is outstanding. I love this place but they could do a better job in the service department considering they were not full at 7:30 on a Friday night. Not a great sign of the times.
Service is lovely at the front of the house, but is "less than" once you reach your table.
I really am sorry it has taken me so long to write this review..

La Cave has become a must do when in Vegas..now that they added a Sunday brunch I will definitely be stopping in then as well.

The place is beautiful, if your lucky enough to sit on the patio, just sit back and enjoy.

The wine flights are reasonably priced and come with some awesome wines..The appetizer plates are good enough to share, yet they are so good I hate sharing..

We also stopped in on a sunday one day and our friends showed up with their 18 month old child..The chef came out to ask what he could cook for him and within 10 minutes they had his food ready..This goes beyond customer service, such a nice gesture and such great service all around..
Sunday brunch, beautiful garden inspired patio, long booth for us, so relaxing and comfortable, a bit of a retreat from the strip, with a hint of romantic....perfect for a quiet Sunday after hard partying on Saturday night ;p. We were looking for a restaurant for lunch at Wynn, this place looked pretty nice, decided to give it a try, host lady was very friendly, took us to a nice patio table, our super cute eye candy waitress Lisa came to us, introduced the brunch with bottomless mimosa or mojito options, also gave us a wine list to decide. 

The brunch buffet was amazing! Unlimited salad bar in the front, along with chilled soup, veggies, fruits, pastries, assorted cheese  and carving station. Servers brought us tapas every few minutes, scrambled egg, bacon and sausage, ham or veggie flatbread, potato, beef slider, cheese mushrooms,  pancake, French toast on a stick, egg and beef Benedict...so many choices, they were so delicious! Our mimosa and mojito were so yummy and strong, they brought a few desert treats too after we finished our brunch.

The service was great, all eye candy waitresses kept our glasses full all the time, servers kept bringing us more and more tapas. We enjoyed our brunch so much, with the garden patio seating? Even better! 

The tab was $130, with bottomless mimosa and mojito for $20 each. It was funny I had to run back to give our waitress Lisa more tips, cause hubby realized he didn't give enough, and she deserved more. :) 

Love this cute little restaurant, romantic, intimate and relaxing, one of my favorites in Vegas. :)
There seems to be two locations, but the one I went to was at The Wynn hotel. Beautiful restaurant, but a lil cramped when packed. There's a beautiful indoor/outdoor patio which woulda been awesome had the temperature been conducive to breathing, but twas not thee case. The lighting was perfect for a sexy date and the food was very good. The flat bread pizza was yummy, the grits were surprisingly good, but the gratin with the cornichons was bad. I heart cornichons, but warm and amongst gratin did not work at all. My peach fuzz drink rocked and their wine sampling was yummy. All in alll I;d go back oneday. Service was great!
This restaurant was suggested to me by a friend.  

We were seated half way between the outdoor patio and the interior.  The restaurant is sexy and dark....hard to read your menu dark, but that's ok.  The vibe is lounge, with an extraordinary wine list.

Everything on the menu looks amazing.  It was hard to choose, but we finally settled on the sausage flatbread, pesto cream pasta and the hamachi.  All were incredible, flavorful and fresh.  I was surprised how spicy and perfect the flatbread was, only because pizza crust can be tricky at a restaurant that isn't really a pizza place.

We skipped dessert, so I can't comment on that.

Service started great.  As the night went on, the server became more absent and we finally had to stop a random waiter to get the check.

I plan on coming back.  For drinks or dinner, it's a great place to go with a group or a date.
If you're looking for a great meal, THIS IS NOT THE PLACE!!! Their Food is ok, their  service is horrible and all their meals are both appetizer sized and over priced. The service was the worst i've ever had.
Great beer and wine. Great Tapas. Must go for a nice little moment with your significant other. The food really was well done.
My visit here Sunday eve. was similar to dating a gorgeous jerk. Atmosphere, service (attentive) and wine options were great and expectations high(based on looks)... but half the tapas I tried were poorly executed. 

Drinks: a tasty (affordable-like all their wine/cocktails in general) glass of Chenin Blanc(cheapest I've ever seen, but from S. Africa), then a good moscato. Wine flights here are fairly priced as well and offer grouping or individual tastings as an authentic wine bar should. The wine, cocktail and bubbly lists are amazing and the wine list is esp. eclectic.

Tapas: 
First up, a delicious gorgonzola salad w/ crunchy proscuitto and delicious dates. Best salad ever. Yay! Finally, a great meal to impress my friends visiting the strip!.... then s%!t starts tasting very cheap very fast:   

The onion "puff" pastry soup came out within one minute and tasted like it had been under a heater or overcoooked(burnt, rubbery crust, sans any puffiness or flakiness to its texture). The scallops were tasty and perfectly cooked. I wasn't sure what to think.

Then came the stuffed chicken... very overcooked... unforgivable?(should we break up; I just didn't know what to say... like all the others, huh?). 

The filet with blue cheese was flavorful and met expectations, even though my medium rare was probably medium. Proscuitto di parma was great-a therapy session to address my unstable joy-then aged gouda was served with a delicious raspberry jam but also with the most stale crostinis I've ever tasted. These were obviously not prepared of me but for some other guy who'd stopped by earlier, or maybe for anyone with mullah-typical. I only ate the crust for its mild crispiness. 

The flatbread dishes looked/sound creative and appealing but I was not in the mood.

Dessert:
They offer a beignet, but one friend suggested we share the crepe. YUCK... they sent out that one joke-on-a-plate, where the chef has reinvented the crepe as a cold ("deconstructed")one w/ flavorless, unripe fruit that makes italian desserts overly sweet by comparison... we(all french) each took a bite and smirked. I've enjoyed similar crepes before at a ton of other places, but this one sucked... no honey/sauce /nothing on the plate was on the same page.

To be fair, this place is cheaper and far more chic than the the Bellagio's Pettrosian or those cheesy bars at the palazzo/venetian. Predictably, I plan to return to this sexy spot for wine and maybe try a couple dishes but nothing serious. Maybe I'll ease in w/ sunday brunch. I just need time. I regretted not going to the encore's (consistently fabulous) lobby bar.

They should definitely cut their menu in half and master a smaller # of dishes.
I had the serious DISPLEASURE of attempting to dine at La Cave in the Wynn Hotel, Las Vegas this evening. What a dark, miserable little dungeon run by trolls.

I was seated by a very snotty, skank hostess who apparently had little interest in the answers to her canned hostess questions: Was I a guest here? No. How do I like staying at the hotel? Uhm, I'm not. Would I like a wine list? No, I'm not drinking tonight....still got the wine menu. Why even ask if you don't even care??? Robot in fishnet stockings that she was, I'm glad she got off her stripper pole at the gas station in North Vegas in time to come to work at La Cave and find me a wobbley little table. YIKES.

Anyway, I was dining alone and sat at the table waiting for a waiter/waitress for well over 15 minutes without ANY service, water or otherwise. Waitstaff walked by constantly, still no service.

Since I was on a tight schedule, I got up and tracked down a waitress in the kitchen area and politely explained to her what had happened and then handed her back my menus. No one cared and no one tried to remedy the situation.

I wound up eating at another restaurant in the hotel, with great service. Sorry, La Cave. Your service was beyond rude, your hostess staff was dirty and I was happy to take my 40% tip elsewhere.
Went here for dinner! It's worth it to order two plates, because the portions can be quite small! The ambiance is nice and the food is super flavorful! 

Of course it's pricey, but it's Las Vegas. The drinks are strong and the food is delicious!
The only good things I can say about La Cave is the service, staff and atmosphere. The food was not that great. The Beets with goat cheese was not bad at all, but the seafood we tried was sub-par. The salmon sashimi tostadas was not sashimi but smoked salmon and it tasted funny because it just don't go together with the sauce they serve. I wonder if they ran out of sashimi and just put smoked salmon and hoped we wouldn't notice? Maybe an error in the kitchen? I don't know.

Our white sangria was actually wine spritzer with 3 pieces of fresh fruit in it. They charge $15 for that. Come on guys!!!

Nice crowd, nice atmosphere and good vibe, good service but the food was just not good. They need to try a little harder.
This place has the best s'mores I have ever had. It is a s'mores flat beard but be warned you may not want to share so getting two might be a good idea.
I love this place.  If you're in Vegas and just want to nibble and nosh, and not the full gluttonous experience of dinner, then this is the place.  I had a crisp white Vermentino which I love on hot days. It was refreshing with a sharp bite and faint aroma of fruit, but not quite as cold as I would have like it.  The food, on the other hand was awesome.  We tried two flatbread pizzas, the Fiery Artichoke, Roasted Pepper, Olives Flatbread [sweet and salty and light] and the Chorizo, Italian & Andouille Sausage Flatbread [meaty, smoky and rustic].  Both were quite different but great, esp. the crust. My faves were the beef carpaccio and salmon wontons....we even ordered more.  Definitely will go back to try more dishes.
We went to La Cave as a party of 6.  Tapas + party of 6 = very expensive meal.  The reason is because you have to order 2 or 3 of each dish so that everyone can try it.  We ordered a number of dishes: salt-roasted beets with whipped goat cheese, caesar salad, stuffed chicken, shrimp, sirloin steak, chicken and fontina flatbread, bacon wrapped dates, angus mini-burgers, and s'mores flatbread for dessert.  Most of the dishes come with 6-8 pieces, except for the salads.  Probably the best dishes were the shrimp, bacon wrapped dates, and sirloin steak.  Everything else was good, but not mind-blowing or very special.  Service was very good, and the atmosphere is nice.  Note that it can get very loud in the dining area, especially in the front room next to the bar.

If you like tapas, La Cave is worth checking out.  But if you go, bring one friend (two at the most).  Otherwise, you'll be seeing a long bill, as is shown in a one photo.

I personally am not a tapas fan because it's not really a good value.  However, it can be fun for happy hour, or a light meal.
Wonderful food in a great setting.  My friends and I had dinner here while staying at Encore.  I did not realize that the food was tapas style so don't expect large portions.  Having said that, we all ate well without walking away feeling grody.  The waitress was extremely helpful and we opted for two dishes based on her recommendation.  My friend had the 3 bean salad.  Simple and nothing out of the ordinary, right?  Wrong...it was a great salad.  Other friend opted for a salmon dish that was expertly cooked and tasty.  I had the chicken and pasta which was also amazing.

The vibe is a casual/romantic--outdoor seating, lots of candles.
I feel like there are a ton of "ritzy" small plates establishments cropping up, almost like a fad. But with all fads, there are the trailblazers and the me toos. La Cave falls under the "me too" category. 

For me, price should be an indicator of quality, and while La Cave excels in providing amazing service and creating  a wonderful dining atmosphere they fall short in their menu offerings, the most important element of dining out. 

We ordered the fixed menu where they bring out their best dishes for us to sample. Overall the dishes were good but overall nothing to make you say WOW. That doesn't mean there weren't 'wow' elements to the dinner. My favorite dish was the Mushroom Grits with Pecorino Cheese. Hands down the best dish they offer and definitely a dish I would go back for. The mixed green salad was also out of this world. 

Bacon wrapped dates were ok. The seafood dishes were also okay, the salmon was overcooked and fishy. For dessert we were brought the s'mores flatbread. My thought of those, why reinvent our beloved wheel? Graham crackers, Hershey's and Marshmallows... a sacred match made in heaven never to be broken up. 

Will I be back? Probably not until they revamp their menu, but if you've never been might be worth a check out.
Stopped at La Cave for a small lunch after working up an appetite shopping all day. Our server was very friendly. We ordered the seared scallops and the filet w/bleu cheese and crustini. I had an Asian pear martini and it was tasty. 

 The scallop was one of the best prepared scallops I have ever had (next to gary danko in San Fran and Alinea in Chicago) Next time I return, I would definitely do a full dinner at La Cave. I definitely want to try a flat bread next time.
Went to La Cave for lunch on Friday.  They were not busy at all and we can pick and choose where to sit.  The decor is beautiful and the patio area is just fabulous.  They offer wine flights that features 5 kinds of wines in each flight and the cost ranges from $20-$35.  You don't get a lot of each wine though so they probably add up to a little more than a glass of wine. 

The waiter came over and told us that their food is tapas and sharing style and the portions are small so you'd need about 2-3 dishes per person.  HE LIED.  The portions are good size actually.  Depends on what you order, say the flat bread pizza is enough to feed one person, and so is the pasta.   The food itself is very tasty and nicely prepared though.  We ordered a side of truffled fries ($5) and it's the yummiest fries I've ever had.  Their shaved ham with quail egg pizza ($18) is also fantastic.

Not sure if it's good enough for me to return given so many great restaurants in Vegas, but it was an enjoyable meal for sure.
Very delicious, great tapas located right in the Wynn plaza. I had no idea it was tapas until we sat down though, so the price ended up being a bit of sticker shock in the end, when it looked so budget friendly to begin with.  I think there could have been more creative dessert options, instead of donuts, which were also served as dessert in another Wynn/Encore restaurant that week.
I had the lump crab lettuce wraps for lunch and they were very good.(Thats why the 2 stars) The service was good and I decided to make it our dinner spot. Unfortunately dinner was not so great. Steak was over cooked (all flavor was gone) and the scallops were literally raw.(I like mine undercooked and these were not edible) The service wasn't bad but not great. They should have removed the items as we didn't eat them. They brought a cheese course desert instead. (didn't ask for it nor wanted it) Might go back for the crab but probably not.
Service was excellent. Food was to die for. Wines were delicious. Ambiance was very nice as well. And all this with a variety of vegan options!
Personally, I was unimpressed with our meal.  In any event, if you are a group of girls making rezzies, make sure to request that you are NOT seated at the low lounging tables.  

We arrived promptly for our 9 pm reservation.  After a brief wait, we were seated at what I would call "lounge" tables.  The tables were no higher than my knee.  To give some perspective, no higher than my knew is super low since I'm only 5'3".  "Lounge" tables are just fine to sit at while sipping on cocktails, but not good for eating an actual meal.

Plus, unless you like to give people a peek at your crotch, it doesn't work so well for ladies in dresses.

They were nice enough to move us to a regular dining table, but that only meant an additional delay before eating, which probably put a damper on me even possibly enjoying the food.
Per my galpal from Colorado's request to try a fine-dining meal together during her visit to Vegas, I did my research and thanks to these magnificent yelpers for their recommendations, we ended up opting for La Cave at the Wynn for dinner. 

We were tight with time and had quite a struggle getting a ringside table at Olives (located at the Bellagio) because apparently, making a reservation in the morning doesn't guarantee you a spot for the night. It's just that in demand! So we stuck with a 10pm reservation there and a 7:15pm reservation here at La Cave. As the day progressed (this was on Saturday), we had to buy more time to squeeze in other stuff to do for the day and realized we would not be able to make it in time here. Fortunately, La Cave had another opening at 9pm and were accomodating enough to push us back, plus leave our table open for 15-20 minutes to make it even more flexible. We got there just in time to be welcomed by some friendly usherettes who led us to a nice high table in the most cozy-looking restaurant, dimly lit with lines and lines of wine bottles ranging from varieties made as recent as last year to vintage wine (I think the most expensive bottle I saw was priced at almost $500)

We enjoyed the most nicely presented food I've ever seen (Naturally, considering this was my first fine-dining experience). The portions were just as cute, enough to fill our tummies. And to think that I should've splurged at this opportunity, I actually ended up with a health-conscious choice of roasted salmon with vegetable pasta and yellow tomato broth for $16. That and a glass of water. Our server was patient enough to split our checks for the night and we were prepped and contented. Was a long night of great conversations despite the chitter-chatter in the background seeing as how the restaurant was packed. The atmosphere had such a classy vibe to it, totally worth dressing up for.
If you are looking for noisy overpriced bar food restaurant in Vegas this is place. Food was just ok. The Filet was barely warm when it came. This is really a bar and grill with a fancy name and some moody decor. Prices were way too high for what you get in quality and service.
Wonderful little gem inside the Wynn hotel.  We arrived late afternoon to the hotel, too late for lunch but not early enough for dinner, so we popped in for a glass of wine and some cicchetti, and were very pleasantly surprised!   A very extensive list of wines by the glass, and some very nice flights.  We tried a nice flight of Italians (2 whites and 3 reds) then settled on one to stick with.  Food wise, the bacon wrapped dates were excellent, salty, sweet and crunchy all at the same time, and the blue cheese fondue was an interesting twist on this dish.  The sunny side egg was a show stealer, wonderful soft fried egg with some crisped up serrano ham and still crunchy asparagus.  A delightful dish!

We were impressed enough that later that same weekend, we came by for the sunday brunch.  This was also a unique take, with most of the food being passed "butler style" as they call it, rather than at a traditional buffet.  Huge selection of different dishes, from breakfast sandwiches to duck hash to freshly made pizza.  Pair that with bottomless mimosas and we were in good shape!

The room itself is also very nice, with a wine cave sort of effect as you come in, but a very nice open air patio in the back looking out on the Wynn grounds.   And the wait staff was excellent on both visits.
I pull up this place while I was walking around the Wynn on Yelp and saw some great reviews. I decided to stop by and give them a try. I ordered many food items and was please with everything. The atmosphere was relaxing and beautiful. The Scallop Diver was so fresh and well put together. Their flat bread tasted so good and their ingredients were so fresh. Their meat & cheese platters are nice,and well put together with a side of fig spread.  I highly recommend everyone to give them a try!!!
I really likes this place it had a good atmosphere. We tried several different things charcuterie plate, chorizo flatbread and steak dish. The steak dish was over cooked but actually ok. We told the waiter after we ate that the steak was a little well done... they gave us an appetizer on the house. It is nice to see that a place actually cares what the customer thinks...hard to find in Las Vegas.
After checking into our room at Encore, we wandered around the resort and came upon La Cave.  Yelp reviews were promising so we stopped in for a light lunch.

Ordered:
Beef Carpaccio - thumbs up (and I am NOT a fan of raw meat...that's how good it is!)
Bacon Wrapped Dated - neutral (if you like sweet dates, this could be your thing)
Bacon, Quail Egg, Fontina Flatbread - thumbs up (yum yum yum)
Beets - thumbs up (warm beet salad is delish)
Angus Mini Burger - neutral (others in the group liked it, but it was just another slider to me)
Diver Sea Scallops - thumbs up (perfectly cooked)
Beignets - thumbs down (this was disappointing...it was just dry dough balls covered in sugar)


All this and a bottle of red wine, fed a group of 5 (3 of which were manly men who love their las vegas buffets) as a great tasting menu for a little of $200...no one left hungry...everyone was satisfied and energized for another round of gambling!

Will definitely be back!!!
I was there for diner 2 weeks ago and, the waiting time was good, the food and wine were good. But the service not so good. It took so long for somebody to come and ask us for something to drink and so long for them to bring water first and then long time to bring the wine. I might go back again, not so sure.
Had the gorgonzola filet flat bread and was totally blown away. The ahi tuna was very good and the wine selection was stellar. The service was lacking or I'd give it five stars. Also they sat us right in front of the kitchen and the waiters kept bumping my chair. It was a small annoyance but enough to subtract a star. 

Would defiantly go back if just for the flatbread.
La Cave has excellent service, an elegant and chic atmosphere, innovative and delicious dishes and an amazing wine selection with brilliant sommeliers. All-in-all I had a wonderful dining experience and for a very fair price. 

Thai Snapper Ceviche-this was my favorite dish; bright and light flavors with a subtle heat
Ahi Tuna w/ fruit salsa- had a great spiciness to awaken your taste buds
Sunny side up egg w/ serrano ham & asparagus-crispy ham and a friend egg over toast was simply delicious
Bacon wrapped dates-everything I hoped they would be: sweet & salty & crunchy & chewy
Raclette- heart warming and flavorful gooey-cheesy baked Swiss dish
Mixed greens salad- great combination of acidity and earthiness 
Roasted beets w/ whipped goat cheese and pistachio-my favorite vegetable dish 
Diver sea scallops atop a polenta cake- great textures and flavors, a must-order!
Beef filet with crostini & blue cheese- classically delicious and perfectly cooked
S'mores flat bread- sweet, chewy and rich--a great way to end the meal!

With all this food and wine, we were stuffed! This restaurant is a cozy, beautiful sanctuary in the Wynn...I can't wait to return!
STILL a fan but I'm starting to think they have new management because the employees don't seem happy.  While waiting at the bar for my husband the bartender didn't say two words to me and the other bartender had a big frown on her face. Lots of large parties which mad the dining room very loud but we got outside on the patio at 8 pm no problem and it was only 1/2 full and the weather was glorious. The food was great (Gorgonzola Salad is fantastic) but it's been hard to order a glass of wine with dinner (*bar must take a while) and this has happened to me repeatedly.  We had better service than our last viist but it's quickly slipping off my radar but we do enjoy the atmosphere. I think we will try Jaleo in the Cosmo next time we want tapas.
Great atmosphere, Great service & Great food!
We had dinner before the Garth Brooks concert on a Friday night. 
Patio seating was excellent and our server was fantastic! 
We had a party of 8 in which she gave us several reccomendations of items to try along with our drink orders. She was so accomodating and nice, even when she forgot 2 items, it was ok, because she was that good and everything was perfect. 
Wonderful cocktail selections along with the food. The carpaccio was absolutely delicious! Tender meat served with capers and herbs along with an aolii sauce. 
The flatbreads had a wonderful combination of ingredients with the flavors bursting in your mouth. 
Would definitely recommend this restaurant to others.
Lamb was way overcooked but otherwise tasted good. Beets were literally inedible thanks to way too much salt, and the waitres didn't even offer to remove them from the bill or bring another dish when that was pointed out.  Flatbread was good.
I really wanted to love this place... hmmph oh wells my search continues for a nice hideaway. 

Food: 
Sliced Sirloin Steak: 2/5
Our waitress continuously reminded my table when we ordered our food would come out the order it was made. We said that's fine but when I got my order the sauce was very cold and so was the cut. BUT the plate was definitely heated, I ended up getting it sent back and the chef offered a free desert and his apologies. 
Veal: 4/5
was very hard to slice through, maybe it was my knife but I swear it was definitely but it was very delicious, soaked in a pomegranate reduction, on top of a bed of veggies. 
Chefs selection Thai Sweet Basil Flat bread: 4/5
very delicious, not too sweet and the flat bread was very soft yet also crispy. 

Desert: 4/5
S more's Flat bread courtesy of the Chef for sending out a cold order of sliced sirloin Steak. It was very delicious. I love the dough they use for their flat breads. Very soft and it complimented the chocolate well.  

Wine: 4/5
$70 bottle of La Sala Chianti Classico $70, Great Wine, very light and refreshing. I thought buying a bottle would've been a better deal than buying mutilple wines by the glass. Happy we picked this bottle.

Service: 2/5
Personally I think our waitress just forgot about us. She mixed up our order and forgot to order our desert. Well at least she had the balls to come over and apologize that she forgot and the chef offered a free desert. 

Ambiance: 4/5
Great atmosphere, I loved the decor. Very modern, dimmed lighting, if you get seat on the patio they have big windows over looking the wynn garden or the waterfall. Very elegant.
Had another great time at La Cave last weekend.

Casual yet nice wine bar, good food, great wine list, and fun/hip crowd. We like the high top tables in the bar the best. Good people watching and vibe.

Great waitress and service. The hostess could be a bit more friendly.

This place is on our rotation for our Vegas weekends.
Finally made it out to La Cave for a full dinner and I hate to say it, but I wasn't as wowed as I thought I would be. We came in and took a seat at the food bar, where we watched the guys cook awesome looking flatbreads all night long. The first task was inspecting the wine list. I must say, even for Vegas the prices on the list were high. Saw a pinot grigio that I can get for $12 in Utah on there for $55. But we're celebrating, right? But there were many unique varieties of wine on there, which is much better than we can do back home. After asking the sommellier a few question, we decided on an ansonica, which we'd never tried (or heard of) before. We were very happy with the selection, which had a very unique slightly sweet flavor. 

First, we had a couple of meats and cheeses: one blue cheese, one soft and creamy cheese, and a bit of salami, all very tasty and complimentary. The first (and biggest) miss of the night was with the beef carpaccio dish that came next. I'm sure the beef was of very high quality, but all I could smell when it arrived was truffle oil. The smell was a huge turn off and negatively impacted the taste of the dish as well. I definitely wouldn't recommend that dish.

After that, we had a shrimp dish with piquillo peppers. The dish had a lot of nice, big, fresh shrimp that we loved. However, we'd primarily ordered this dish due to our love of piquillo peppers, and this just had a few chopped bits that were overpowered by the accompanying sauce. I really would have liked to see them do something with this that accented the peppers more.

Our final two dishes were veal short ribs and a flatbread with olives and artichokes. The veal was probably the best dish of the night. The tender veal had a wonderful flavor. Still, I felt that the accompanying sauce was a bit too strong for meat of this quality. I really wanted the natural flavor of the veal to stand out more. The flatbread was a nice way to end the meal. It was perfectly cooked, with tasty fresh vegetables. The goat cheese really accented the flavors. 

I feel as if this review might be overly picky, as we definitely did enjoy the wine and the food (except for the beef). But simply put: while this was a very good meal, there are many better places to go for small plates in Vegas. And given the choice between those places and this one, they're going to revamp the menu a bit to get me to come back.
I tried La Cave for the first time on Sunday and I really like it there. I love our waitress! She was so nice, I believe her name was Lisa. We told her it was my first time in Vegas since it was my 21st birthday so she came out with a little cheese cake for me and we didnt even ask for it! 

The food is kinda pricey but then again, it's vegas. Lol

I love their Angus mini burgers! Their wine is really good! I can't wait to come back when Im in town again (:
La Cave had great customer service and the environment was chill. I love all the dishes that came out. I went here for a business trip to Vision Expo and got to eat charcuterie plate. Cheeeeese is so dam good with prosciutto & salami. Charcuterie is my new thing now.... Had ceaser salad with a little bit of sardines, a kick with some saltyness and prosiutto with the salad. Also, I enjoyed truffled mac and cheese and shrooms and some fresh scallops with polenta cake.. scallops were very sweet. Tried bacon wrapped dates and it was interesting... sweet and crunchy. They are all small plates but after all of them, I actually got full.

While we waited we actually went to the bar to have drinks. There was a delicious cider champagne ( I think it was apple or some type of fruit ) but it was nice during the wait. The bartender was very helpful and social.
I was really excited to visit La Cave but I wasn't impressed.  I planned on having a party of 13 eat and drink there for my sister's bridal dinner and went back and forth with the manager regarding seating.  She claimed if we wanted to sit on the patio we had to have a set menu, which would run us about $60 per person.  Honestly, I don't have that type of money and if I did I wouldn't have spent it there.  Also, where is the patio located in this place?  The pictures online are very misleading.  We talked to the manager and wanted a large table in the back and we were told that would be fine.  We were put in the very front of the entrance in the middle of the room ( which was in between two bars).  The thing that irritates me the most is we could have just shown up and probably got a better seat with having to go through all the hassle of reserving a table.  

The service was ok.  There was one lady who was actually paying attention to our table and she wasn't even our waitress (I wish I could remember her name).  On several occasions we asked for waters and the waitress said ok and never came back.  In all honesty she knew because the party was over 10 people she had a guaranteed tip included.  She was NOT worth the $91.00 tip.   

The food was ok.  I wasn't wowed by anything.  The waitress said everything would come out when it's ready and at different times.  I've worked in a restaurant for 9 years and I'm sorry that's a load of crap.  It's called knowing how long things take to make and timing when to ring things in.  I'm also sure the waitress could walk over to the kitchen and let people know to bring everything out at the same time.  

There are hundreds of other places to eat and drink at in Vegas.  Sadly, I will not be back.
Ah yes, YUMMY! We went before the Garth Concert. MAKE RESERVATIONS!! We didn't and we had to sit at the bar to eat dinner, which was OK, but I would have preferred a table. Anyway, I had the beet salad and OMG was it good and rich and super delicious. My companion, had the little filets and he said they were fantastic. The flat bread pizza's looked really good and I will have that next time and the beat salad. FYI - tapas style, all little plates, but rich rich food and so you don't need "Super Size Me" portions.
Reservations are a must - regardless of the number of people in your party. A nice place for tapas, where you can share as a group, or greedily order multiple dishes for yourself. A variety of food options, even a menu for the vegetarians. They do have a full bar which is nice, since most of the cocktails are quite sweet tasting.

The food tasted very good, and they do have some very interesting concoctions. Because it is tapas, and the menu is a bit priceier, if you're super hungry, this might not be the best place for you (try Johnny Smalls or Firefly). But if you're looking for a place with a nice ambiance, this is a nice one. They do have a beautiful patio area overlooking the pool which makes for a beautiful backdrop at the end of your meal.
Came here for dinner before La Reve since they are both conveniently located at the Wynn hotel and left full and satisfied. The place has a unique modern cave like atmosphere and it was definitely cozy inside. Service was excellent as our server was not overwhelming and allowed us to take our time picking their tapas like menu items. Everything I tried was absolutely delicious, but nothing compared to their phenomenal bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese fondue, it was to die for. My husband who is a okay about most food in general, was like 'these are amazing." So that has to tell you something. These are a must get! I had the mini burger sliders and they were prepared excellently, perfect combo of bread and meat. Plus, they were also served with a little tomato vinaigrette salad which was really refreshing. My  hubby had the sirloin with mushrooms and he really liked the way it was prepared in a plum like sauce, super tasty as I had a bite. 

All other items that our friends had including the flatbread, the veal, the garlic shrimp, they seemed to enjoy it all. Plus the beer was served in these fun glasses, very cool in my opinion. But only reason for not giving them 5 stars is that I felt that the dessert menu was a little limited. My friends had the s'mores flatbread and they seemed to enjoy that but that's not really my thing, the only crust on s'mores should be graham cracker not pizza dough. Oh well, but if I stay in the Wynn next time, I will definitely come here again as it was super tasty, nice ambiance and great service.
I love this place! So freaking good! 

Must Try:

Food: The carpaccio and mushroom grits (amazing!)

Drink: The Fiery Yazi (trust me - you won't regret it!)
3.5 stars. We had a very nice patio seating and the weather was perfect. Service was good but not attentive. We raised our concerns about the desserts that we had ordered & the floor manager took care of it immediately - which we appreciated her for. But the desserts were still a disappointment tho. Food & experience overall was just A-OK... we weren't impressed as we had hoped for.

Between the 4 of us we shared the following:

:: FOOD ::
Jumbo Lump Crab Lettuce Cups  (5/5)
Beef Carpaccio, Arugula, Truffle Aoli  (4/5)
Grilled Shrimp  (4/5)
Diver Sea Scallops  (4/5)
Angus Mini Burgers  (3/5)
Fontina Stuff Chicken  (3/5)
Veal Pasta  (3/5)
Chorizo, Italian & Andouille Sausage Flatbread  (3/5)
Snapper Ceviche  (2/5)

:: DESSERTS ::
Chocolate Risotto  (3/5)
   - Unique. I liked it but i don't think my party members agree with me
Beignets  (2/5)
   - I had better elsewhere. Hate to say but it's not worth the $9.
Crme Brle (1/5)
   - Looks good but it was deceiving. Had it remade twice and it still came out undercooked. The second time around they over torched the sugar & it came out pretty burnt tasting.


I'm not sure if I'll come back or not for I really wasn't super impressed by the food. But who knows... I could give it a second try. i do love tapas and it's so close to XS :D
Went here twice while in Vegas...Enjoyed the cheese plate & their Raspberry Mojitos, made with fresh raspberries.  Their flatbreads were really good.  Would def go back!
Come for the ambiance over the food!

I first dined at La Cave for my BFF's birthday party. And by party I mean the birthday girl, myself and our third musketeer. We were keen on a more upscale experience. Somewhere around casual fine dining without breaking the bank. We also wanted to do a girl's night where we could actually talk to each other without a voicebox / stereo system throwdown. La Cave maintains a reasonable volume level and never gets very loud regardless of how full it is.

AMBIANCE  |  It definitely has the low-light, sultry feel going for it with a few very intimate dining areas. In my experience, the further away from the entrance you are the better. The main dining room is alright, but the garden room is a little more luxurious with the indoor/outdoor sliding doors. You get the cozy seating and low ceilings but you get to check out the Lake of Dreams-inspired garden.

FOOD  |  The veal short rib deserves a solid 5 stars. It's always perfectly cooked and really well marinated. At $20, portions are surprisingly bigger than expected. At the same cost, they have the sliced sirloin which is 100% pass. The mushroom fondue is more salt than flavor and on one occasion, it was served cold. Honorable mentions are the warm beets w/ goat cheese and the pepper/artichoke flatbread.

WINE & SERVICE  |  I've been to La Cave on a few different occasions and service seems to be consistently mediocre. You'll see your server a couple times in the beginning but don't expect them to check up on you very much. For my friend's birthday we got a relatively inexpensive bottle of chianti ($70). But the second time I went, my other friend purchased a nearly $300 cab and even then, our server rarely came by to top off our wine glasses. The wine selection is extensive and organized in a way where a wine lover of any calibre can pick something they like. La Cave also being a swanky wine bar also has a pretty decent selection of wines on tap on those fancy Enomatic systems.

Nice choice for a date spot or a GNO!
This is not La Cave. It's La Cah-ve.  HAHAHAHA.

Me (on the phone): Hi, I'd like to make a reservation for La Cave.
Girl: You mean, La Caaahve?
Me: *embarrassed" Oh, yes, that's what I meant. Sorry.
(boyfriend breaks out into hysterical laughter, mocking me)
Me: (to the bf) Shut up! If you're so smart, YOU make the reservation next time!!!
Girl: ...
Me: (to the girl) Oh, sorry! I wasn't talking to you!
Girl: That's okay.
(boyfriend going into convulsive fits)
Girl: Let me check on that.

I'm put on hold

Me: (to the bf) You're such an...
Girl: Hello?
Me: @$$hole!!!  (realizing I just shouted @$$hole at the girl on the phone) OMG, I'm so sorry!!!  I was talking to someone else.
(boyfriend roflhao)

AHHHHHH!!!  Worst and most embarrassing conversation EVER!!!!

Luckily, my experience at the restaurant was much better. 

The short rib capellini is TO DIE FOR!!!  I could have eaten tubs of this for days. I want to learn how to make this so I can have it at my disposal at all times!!

The bacon wrapped dates were large and had substantial pieces of thick bacon, but there was no cheese inside, and I didn't notice the bleu cheese dipping sauce until the last piece. :(

The ah tuna tartar was lovely, but waaaay too small for the price. It's three small pieces.

The beef flatbread was awesome and a great value. I would order this for sure. It's not only delicious, but it will be the largest portion of your meal. 

The stuffed chicken was highly disappointing. It was dry and lacking in flavor. Unfortunately, this was the last thing we ordered.

The space is intimate but cozy. The lights are dim, so it's difficult for older people to see the menu. Be sure to bring your glasses. Lol. It's a great place to sit in one of the swinging seats or lounge areas and enjoy a quiet evening.
Love this little hideaway!  Doesn't look very inviting from the outside, but if you venture through the entrance, you'll find a cozy "bar" that overlooks the chefs that make the exquisite flat bread masterpieces - my favorite item on the menu is the Beef Filet, Caramelized Onions, Mushrooms, Blue Cheese Flatbread.  You definitely have to be a fan of Blue Cheese to truly appreciate it.. wash it down with a fun flight of wine and you can't go wrong.  Did I mention it was pretty reasonably priced?
We were staying at the Wynn, decided to give this place a try.  I thought this was a family restaurant, but it's more of a bar lounge.  If you are looking for that kind of an environment, this is a nice place.  I was with my kids and they were hungry we decided to stay anyways. 

The Thai Flatbread - not too bad for the size and price.  I personally don't like the Thai flavors on pizza or flat bread it always too sweet.  My kids liked it so I guess it was alright. 

Cavatelli Lamb with brussel sprouts - it was ok it's super small...Good thing I wasn't hungry so it was fine.

Angus Burger Sliders - Now if a 9 year says his burger is dry then you know it's dry.  They eat McDonalds all the time and don't complain.  These sliders were really bad doesn't live up to it.

French Fries - Surprisingly, they were the best things, then again they're probably frozen fries.  
 
Beignets - You get 5 doughnut holes with some jam for $9, talk about getting ripped off.

I ordered a 4oz pour glass of wine and my kids had soft drinks, bill came out to $96.

I guess you pay for the ambiance and not the food!!!
Five Stars all the way.

Have been to La Cave on a few different occasions. All different, but all just as excellent.

In short, the food is all tapas style and everything is delicious. Do share a few different things. And if you are like me, do order two of the crab citrus lettuce wraps....

The wine is phenomenal. Their selection is great and they have the best wine flights I have ever had. Personally, I only order from their wine flights, so that I can get a few different tastes of the wines I like versus just focusing on one.

Their Sunday Brunch is truly an experience. Everything is served in small plates, and there is no menu. Waiters just continue to come by with different options and you can get as many different things as you like. For $30 you can also add bottomless mimosas, bloody Mary's or Caipirinhas. Overall, an awesome deal for the quality and quantity you get. (Just ask my mother in law and her sister, who in their 70's can throw back more of these drinks than any 20-something.)

If it is a nice day, make sure to ask to sit out on the patio. It is gorgeous!
Really enjoyed ourselves in the low-key intimacy of this venue. The food was excellent: beets with goat cheese and the flatbread were great!

The huge TV inside was a bit distracting, we ended up moving to the 'outside.'
Can't say enough good things about La Cave.  I love the energy here, and the food and the staff. We've tried about almost everything on the menu and it is always top notch.  I'm not one for chain restaurants, but if they were able to keep the quality of the food and service I would love to have another La Cave in my home town.
Absolutely divine. I've eaten a lot of beet salads in the last year - it seems to be on every small-plate and farm-to-table restaurant menu nowadays - but this was the best. Served warm!

We also got a flatbread, scallops and shrimp - all delicious. Got the French wine flight, which was very good. Expensive? Yes, but not the most overpriced restaurant in Vegas.

And like every other place at the Wynn, top-notch service. 

Unfortunately the patio was closed that evening so we couldn't check that out.
My BF and I came here for a drink and a nosh in between games. It was a beautiful day, so we sat on the patio and enjoyed our food and drinks. The service wasn't overly attentive, but no biggie. The food was good. We had one of the best Nebbiolo's there...I would go back just for that reason.
Love this place!  Actually thinking of framing a menu and placing it in our bedroom (?)
Love the wine flights (tho Nickel & Nickel hits me just fine).
The shrimp and beef dishes are universally delightful; flatbreads are well - flatbreads.
This place screams, "You made it, baby!" and furthermore, "You enjoy great food".
So let's be honest: the girls working at the front of the restaurant are the reason most people give La Cave a second glance. In a city well known for scantily clad women, La Cave still manages to outdo itself.

And, oh yeah ... the restaurant.

The almost-tapas style menu means that you're going to order a lot of finger food style dishes that are tasty. How exactly they come together as a meal depends on whether you carefully select each dish or simply order a smorgasbord ... but either way, the food was delicious, if not pricey. But this is Vegas, after all.

And did I mention the girls who greet you at the front of the restaurant?
The bf and I wanted to find a wine bar during our trip to Vegas and after reading various yelp reviews, we decided to go to La Cave at the Wynn.  I called to make sure I didn't need a reservation for a Thurs at 7:30 pm.  The phone rang for awhile and I almost gave up but someone finally answered and was very friendly and said we should definitely make a reservation.  They asked about dietary restrictions and I said I was a vegetarian but I'd already found things on the menu I wanted and I was informed they have a vegan/vegetarian menu.

Now, we arrived 30 minutes late thanks to the monorail/shuttle service no longer offering a stop at the Wynn...and I was wearing heels having not expected to be walking for 20 minutes.  By the time we reached the Wynn, I had extremely painful blisters on both my big toes and was not in the mood for anything.  Seriously, you want me to be a heinous b*tch, put me in uncomfortable shoes, and make sure I'm late for something and starving.  Thankfully, despite our lateness, they said they could get us a table in 10 minutes and we could wait at the bar.  We plopped down at the bar and started to go over the extensive drink menu and were about to order something at the bar when they told us our table was ready.

Our server Desiree came over to greet us very quickly and asked if we'd dined there before.  She explained the portion sizes (they are "made to be shared" more like tapas) and the flatbreads are 8-10 pieces.  I asked for the Veg-friendly menu and was tempted to try the mushroom tortellini with cashew cream sauce but I don't like mushrooms enough to go on that adventure.

We decided to split the wine flight of white wines that was $20 for 4: Sauvignon Blanc, Riesling, Moscato, and Chenin Blanc.  The presentation of the wines was very cute...a long wood block with small cupholders built in labeled I through IV in order of the lightest to the most full-bodied.  Our server explained this and left the wine menu there for us to observe as we drank.  I noticed she got a few other tables around the same time one of which was larger.  Another staff member came to check on us to make sure we were doing ok in our server's absence.  

The only issue I really had with the place in general was the music.  It was kind of club-style dance music and it seemed wrongly placed for an intimate wine bar.  My bf and I couldn't really have too much conversation in there because of it.

We started by ordering salads: the Mixed greens salad and the 3 bean salad.  my mixed greens salad was ok but the 3 bean salad was awesome and I wish I had gotten that.  The crunchy chickpeas were my favorite part.

For our entrees, my boyfriend ordered the onion soup in puff pastry with gruyere and I ordered the fiery artichoke, roasted red pepper, artichoke flatbread with goat cheese.  Neither of us minded not being able to talk much once those two items came.  My bf was practically licking the bowl by the end and I was enjoying the fiery burn of the spicy peppers.

We wanted dessert and afterdinner drinks so we asked for the dessert menu.  My bf had already ordered a cappuccino which was unfortunate because there was a tasty caramel-coffee drink on the alcoholic drinks menu that he would have ordered had he waited for the dessert menu to get to the table.  I ordered the Spiked hot chocolate which tasted like liquid tiramisu.  YUM!  We decided to try the basil and mint infused creme brulee and our server made sure that we understood it had the herbs because clearly she'd had a customer complain about this in the past.  Kudos to our server for checking!  When we got it, the dessert looked like it was cooked properly and the sugar had a nice crack when we dug into it.  The first bite was VERY herbaceous and I probably could have done with just one herb.  The combo of the two was a bit overpowering, but the diced strawberries broke up the savory aspect a bit.  By the end I was wanting more.

Our bill all together was about $104, not bad for a nice sit-down dinner in Vegas.  Great experience!
Came in with a group of 6 girls without a reservation on a Saturday night around 8 and only had to wait about 10 minutes.  When another table opened up the waitress gave us the option of sitting there as well.  They were very accommodating. 

The food itself is very good, and the servings are just right.  Definitely share the plates because you will likely get sick of the one thing you ordered.  The flatbread with steak was my favorite.  I also had a beet salad (there were a lot of beets and I was hoping there'd also be some greens, so it was a bit one note).

Drinks were nice and strong.  You can also order drinks to go.
Overall I loved it. 

The scallops were beyond delicious,  scrumptious perfection, but only 2 pieces. 

The veal short rib with brusell sprouts was delicious,  but unexpected specially since the description didn't mention it would be penne pasta with shredded short rib.  The sauce more than makes up for the misleading description. 

The flavors in the beef carpaccio decadent, too bad it's such a small portion. 

The ceviche had no flavor,  u couldn't even taste the lime,  that alone makes me want to take a star away,  but everything else was delicious.

I wish they would bring the lamb chops back. 

The place is suppose to resemble a wine cellar hence "La Cave"  but it could be too dark for some folk. Oh and the portions are too small for the price of each dish.  

The price range was from $8-12 for salads not bad,  but $15-20 for main dishes,  which are tiny.  


By the way I'm not a fat ass that gorges on food I actually like sharing with my significant other,  and I believe in quality not quantity,  but these portions could use a slight enlargement. :-)
This is easily one of my favorite restaurants ever!  The customer service was phenomenal, the food was absolutely delicious, the atmosphere could not have been better, and the waitresses & their outfits... well you have to go and see for your self!

Food:  We ordered a variety of things including salmon, flat bread, shrimp, pasta, s'mores flat bread dessert, pinot wine flight, and a couple of beers.  It was recommended to share with the table and it was really nice having a mixture of foods - all of which were cooked to perfection. 5 out of 5

Atmosphere:  "Darker" type of environment with both a inside and outside area.  I'm personally a huge fan of this type of restaurant and thought it was visually one of the most appealing restaurants I've eaten at.  There was also a more modern music selection which made the place feel alive. 5 out of 5

Customer service:  When I originally booked the reservation they asked if there was a special reason for my visit and I let them know it was for a 30th birthday.  The person who scheduled my reservation on the phone said she would try to get us one of the nicer tables (all of which are extremely nice) which was appreciated.  Upon the day of our reservation, our flight was delayed so we had to push back the reservation time and it was done without any issue.  The waitresses and bus boys paid close attention to all tables but didn't overly show up at the table.  5 out of 5

If you are looking for a nice place to have dinner, pay an extremely reasonable price for what yo get, and a lot of fun - I HIGHLY recommend La Cave.  We will be back every time we are in Vegas!!
DATE/TIME: February 25, 2012 // 11:00 PM

PRICE: $25-$75 depending on appetite & beverages
VALUE: Great tasting food in small portions. Worth the prices if you're the type to be more interested in satisfying your taste buds.
AMBIANCE: Tasteful modern interior, dimly lit and a bit sultry - provides a great intimate atmosphere. There's an indoor and outdoor patio area where you might be able to enjoy the view of the waterfall or garden. The further away you are from the main entrance, the more cozy you'll be. 
SERVICE: Attentive, friendly, beautiful servers with plenty of great suggestions.
CHANCE OF RETURNING: 85%

___________________________________

Great tapas-style dining experience, allowing you to sample a wider array of dishes in smaller quantities. Everything was consistently well prepared and delicious. The five of us quite literally wiped the plates clean.

It's also one of the few late-night places that maintain the quality of its food and service even past your typical dining hours. La Cave is a good pick whether you're just looking to pop in for drinks and a snack or an actual meal.

Will definitely be back the next time I stay at the Wynn/Encore.
This is my very favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!  I've been here numerous times (shame on me for not writing a review sooner!) and it is always a wonderful experience.

We were there for Saturday dinner and were seated on the patio.  Our reservation was a bit earlier than usual so it wasn't as crowded yet and there several large parties so that was a new experience. 

One of my favorite parts of La Cave is the selection of wine flights.  I'm partial to white wine so I was excited when the selection of the Worldwide Whites had changed since my last visit.  The chenin blanc & the riesling were my favorites.  

We ordered our usual favorites: bacon wrapped dates with fondue (YUM!), the three bean salad, and the mushroom grits.  These grits are what made me start liking grits--they are amazing!  In addition, we ordered the crab lettuce cups & the fontina stuffed chicken; both were great!  And, the icing on the cake was the S'Mores Flatbread--always delicious!

La Cave is always reliable--excellent food, wine & service!
Went to La Cave for an unexpected brunch this afternoon. Immediately seated and served upon checking in.  The dcor and ambiance of the restaurant is amazing.  Service was top notch with a detailed explanation of the various items on the menu for the uninformed.  Had the Asian snapper ceviche, side salad, bacon wrapped dates, stuffed lemon caper chicken and chocolate risotto with pistachio.

As  previously mentioned servings are tapas sized, which isn't bad...but they are pricey, $10-15 per plate.  Food was very tasty and fresh, so in my opinion, certainly worth the price.  Bottom line, wouldn't go every weekend, but I would go back.
Great food, service and atmosphere.  Wine flights are a must.
I'm going to break this down and make things really simple.

Two words. Fiery Yazi.

Now go. Now!

Oh... Also, top notch bar service - absolutely impeccable and special. Now you may go.
Love love love. Came here for Easter dinner. Exquisite food sampling a with a phenomenal selection of beer and wine and pristinely warm and attentive service. I will surely be back.
This was my second time here.  Co-workers and I kicked off a conference here mid-week for lunch to strategize.  La Cave serves tapas and small plates to share.  Without exception, every dish we tried was fantastic, from the crab lettuce cups, scallops on polenta cakes, beets, charcuterie, ceviche etc.  Between four of us we knocked out about 8 different plates.  We sat outside and it was a beautiful day.  The Wynn does a great job of creating a very relaxing setting at its restaurants.  The only ding was the wait.  It took a really, really long time just to get the order in, and then the plates almost all came out at once, so there was a lot of juggling of dishes on the table.  Either way, La Cave is a place that I recommend and look forward to coming to again.
Definitely a different experience than most.  I didn't like this restaurant.  Came in late at night and sat at the kitchen bar.  Nobody else was there.  Good place to sit if you're solo because you can watch the kitchen.  I love kitchen seating because the action is really fun to watch.  But this was a very weird experience.  They probably had 4-5 people on the line and they didn't communicate with each other- at all.  Every.  Complete and utter silence, which I thought was so strange.  They were not a-lovin-their job.  They were just robots going through the motion.   Maybe the kitchen is set up that way on purpose, but I have never seen a kitchen not communicate- at all.  I think it came across in the food too.  No love in the food.  I had a flatbread that was really, fell flat.  Nothing to it.  I did have a braised veal pasta dish that was good.  The service was okay.  I had a decent wine flight.  All in all, it was a strange experience that I didn't enjoy.
Visited La Cave before our 9:30 Le Reve show.  Our waitress suggested four plates so we ordered: salmon sashimi, scallops, pasta with chicken, and steak with mushroom sauce.  All were very good and we were full so we ended the meal with a dessert of creme brulee.

My only complaint is that the food came out very quickly and we were done in less than an hour, leaving a long wait for our show.  A more leisurely pace would have been nice.  Bill with tip was $98.
Our last visit gave us great service and excellent cocktails, but not as good food as in the past.  We had the bacon wrapped dates that were stuffed with blue cheese - the bacon was very, very well done.  Our favorite flatbread with filet and caramelized onions had way more mushrooms than filet, way more cheese than in the past and was underseasoned.  Remembering how this dish was always such a flavor explosion, I felt weird shaking salt and pepper on it.  The caesar salad with the lemon anchovy dressing, all tied up with a proscuitto ribbon, was outstanding.  I could've eaten 4 of those.  We've enjoyed La Cave so much in the past, the other dishes overshadowed the salad, making this visit disappointing.  La Cave's not at the top of our list anymore.
Located within the WYNN, this is a great place for a casual to upscale dinner experience.  Food is served in a tapas fashion so you can order several dishes to try.  Place is a bit expensive, but what do you expect being located in the WYNN.  Service was fantasic, food was delish, all within a relaxing enviroment.  I don't recall excatly what I had, but we ordered 5-6 different dishes. All were great.

We dined here on 5/10/13.
Awesome feel and decor of this place. Tapas were good- beautiful presentation, and service was spot on. The snapper ceviche could have had a little more, thus the 4 star review, but in all a solid place. Will give it another try for sure- and bring your wallet. It is not for the people looking for happy hour or the value menu.
Pre show meal and were not disappointed.

Bucked the trend and had craft beer rather than the expensive wine choices.

Had snapper cerviche (B), Bleu and Gouda cheeses (A), the house special flatbread (B+), the shrimp with garlic and peppers and potatoes (B).

Service was good and serviceable but probably the most inattentive we had all week.
La Cave is a great spot to eat.  I love the atmosphere here.  Food was great too!

We had:

Mixed Greens
Mushroom Grits
Onion Soup
Thai Snapper Ceviche
Hamachi
Beef Carpaccio
Cavatelli
Fiery Artichoke, Roasted Pepper, Olives Flatbread
Beef Filet, Caramelized Onions, Mushrooms, Blue Cheese Flatbread
Angus Mini Burgers
Not impressed. It does NOT resemble a cave so don't be expecting any cool ambiance.  A 4oz piece of fish or chicken is $15-20. Not worth it. Small plates are enough for 1 person. Don't go here hungry.....
La Cave is nice cozy spot to eat for lunch or dinner. Their food is tapas style so most of the entrees are meant for sharing or are of a smaller portion size.  Pretty moderately priced too!  It's also got a nice patio.  Unfortunately since I didn't make a reservation for dinner, they sat me down at one of their bistro tables inside which still had a nice view of the pool outside.

I ordered their Roasted Salmon but knowing that it probably wouldn't be enough to fill me up, I went with my server's recommendation and ordered the Hamachi Cubes for my appetizer.

Hamachi Cubes -- Yuzu Aoli, Crispy Lemon Chip
http://bit.ly/11dvgs1
Very fancy dish!  It was too pretty to eat!  But the bite sized cubes were very good!  The Yuzu Aoili made it very flavorful.

Roasted Salmon -- Vegetable Pasta, Yellow Tomato Broth
http://bit.ly/Z3gBmY
I guess I underestimated the portion size on the salmon.  It was a pretty generous portion!  The salmon was cooked perfectly and I liked the vegetable pasta that went along with it.  While it may not look like much on the picture, it was a very hearty entree and I was very satisfied!

Service was exceptional and on point!  My server was very good and she always checked up on me and also very knowledgeable about the menu.  She definitely earned a nice tip!

Although I didn't get to eat out on the nice patio, I still had a nice dining experience at La Cave.  I must come back again to try their flatbreads and all the other entrees.  It's top notch dining on a very affordable budget!!  5 Stars!!
I would definitely come back here. Service was friendly. View was great. Food was awesome. Pizza, soup, burgers. You know. Nice rounded meal LOL. That's what everyone was raving about though, and we just had to give in. 

Worth it.
We had a friend in town for a convention and all hit up La Cave on a Friday night.  She had an event, so we had an early reservation at 5:30.  No other tables were seated, but a few came in shortly thereafter.  The wine list is solid, but the sommelier was gone for some reason, so after picking our bottle we had to wait at least 10 minutes, which was annoying.  It was a cab, and it was at perfect temperature.  You will spend on bottles here, but they had a few selections by the glass as well.

We shared a bunch of the small plates:  bacon wrapped dates, the steak/onion/blue cheese flatbread, gorgonzola salad, meatballs with polenta (a special), a charcuterie plate, and diver sea scallops.  The charcuterie was $33 for 6 choices, 3 cheese and 3 meat.  You get a LOT of food with this, so while the price tag may seem high, it's certainly worth it.  Excellent quality, and they come with a nice spread and many crustinis.  The menu is not enormous, but what they make, they make well.  I prefer that to having dozens of options that are all average or worse...

The flatbread was also large, with 8 good-sized pieces.  The dates only come 4 to an order, and they are delicious.  The bacon crisps up nicely, but didn't get burned.  They are served with a blue cheese sauce that could have a little more blue flavor for me, but it was a nice sauce nonetheless.  The salad was a slight miss for me if any dish was.  But, overall, a fantastic meal, and we certainly had enough to eat.  

It's a cool atmosphere, pretty dark in the evening, but a nice place.  I will return.
Came here for a Sunday brunch on Father's Day. The place was nearly empty! It should have flagged us to back out immediately and I regretted so much afterward that we didn't! They charged $48/person for brunch but serving mediocre food like tater tots, scrambled eggs (I can get these for much cheaper at a fast food place), chicken wings, pancakes (which, btw, tastes much worse than my homemade ones), mixed fruit salad, bacons.... I mean, we paid over $100 for two for this kind of food was such a joke!!! To top it off, the server also dropped the food on me! That brunch totally ruined our entire day which btw not only Father's Day, but also our Anniversary! Never again we will waste our money like this at a place like that. Should have gone to the buffet instead! Don't go there, save your money for the slot machine!
A stunning restaurant. Period 
It is a Tapas restaurant but offers so much more. The decor is beautiful and very impressive wine list 
I recommend the meat / cheese tray and chicken flatbread. Unreal
Yummy food!  Good/strange service...  Odd music selections.
We sat on the patio, which was soooo nice.  We hit it on an overcast day and really enjoyed some rare summer cool weather - lucky us!   
I made reservations for the patio and they asked if we had dietary restrictions.  When we arrived, they tried to seat us inside!  They didn't have record of the patio request even though the lady confirmed it on the phone.  But, they did have our dietary needs noted.  The view was awesome and the surroundings are so nice.  The food we ordered was great, but my friend ordered a salmon dish and I ordered a side of fingerling potatoes.  They brought out my potatoes with a hunk of salmon resting on top!  So weird!!!  They apologized and took it back, presenting them both the way they should be.  Well, I'm allergic to fish and I asked if they just brought back the potatoes that had the fish resting on them (they took it away instead of leaving it, so I assumed they just separated the two and re-presented them).  They came back and said that they couldn't verify if that had been done (to me that means yes it had and that was embarrassing to admit).  So, they re-did the potatoes.  There was a woman in a suit helping us fix problems and seemed more of the upper level management sort.
This whole ordeal didn't sit well with our waitress who was not happy that we "tattled" on her about her messing up the order somehow, her taking the food away and having it re-prepared, etc.  But what choice did we have?  Two dishes were combined into one and I'm allergic to fish, so we needed to say something!

So, when it came time to order desserts, I asked the waitress if we could see a dessert menu.  She goes, "All of the desserts were listed on the original menus I brought out to you!"  As if we were supposed to have them memorized and pre-know if we wanted dessert or not!  Really strange.  I told her that I did not have her menu items memorized and if she could please bring out the menus again that would be most appreciated.  Unreal to have to ask twice for a dessert menu, which she didn't even offer up.  Even lower-end restaurants ask if you want dessert.
We ended up getting port instead of dessert and it was really good.  
All of the food was AMAZING!!!  Everyone was happy with their plates and everything I tasted was 100% delicious.  
The only other caveat was the music selection on the patio.  It went from classical to dance club to david bowie and back again to other types of music all over the place.  All music I love, but somehow this randome mix on the patio with palm trees nearby just doesn't go.  I think a little upbeat mediterranean mix would be perfect for that patio or even just the more ambient dance club stuff turned down low...  Bad music choices can make or break the full dining experience.
Overall, four stars with a few little glitches!  We had a great time and the service was outstanding mixed with not-so-great.  We decided that they need to train their waitstaff across the board so there aren't problems like this for future patrons.  
I will be returning though, and crossing my fingers that these minor details are fixed!  :)
We wanted something to eat, but we were still way too full from a late lunch to handle a lot of food, so we headed for small plates. La Cave to the very delicious, very enjoyable rescue!

As many reviewers have already noted, these are "small plates," not Spanish tapas. However, if you enjoy delicious food, you'll be alright.

They had an entire vegan option menu, which we ended up ordering from exclusively after some debate about whether or not to diversify. We got the three bean salad, the eggplant caponata, and the mushroom tortellini. The sommelier, a really fun and knowledgeable woman with whom it was a pleasure to speak, steered us to an unusual Trousseau Gris from the Russian River that was unique and very good. It paired very nicely with everything, but it really shined with the tortellini.

The three bean salad was AMAZING. It's green beans (haricot vert if that's your thing), white beans, and roasted chickpeas, along with roasted artichoke hearts, some seasoning, and an ice wine vinaigrette. The artichoke hearts were phenomenal. They were tender, cooked perfectly, and so flavorful. I could have eaten a plate of those and been happy.

The mushroom tortellini, in a cashew cream sauce, had amazing rich flavors and textures. The pasta was ever so slightly over-cooked, but that was easily overshadowed for me by how delicious the dish was. I think this was my favorite dish of the night.

The eggplant caponata was good, but the spices in it clashed with our other two dishes. It was also cold, but the eggplant was warm, so it was a little bit confusing in my mouth. It was, nonetheless, enjoyable--it's just that with standout dishes like the previous two, this had a lot to live up to.

The staff was universally pleasant and on top of their game. They were genuinely enjoyable to interact with and had great suggestions and thoughts for us. However, a word of warning: they recommend two small plates per person, but we were not that hungry, so we went with three for the two of us. We had PLENTY of food. Unless you have a huge stomach/appetite, I suggest sticking to 1.5 per person if you don't want to leave uncomfortably full.

Overall, I really enjoyed the experience thoroughly. I would love to come back to delve further into their impressive wine list.
Here's a review that's long overdue. I dined at La Cave at the Wynn a couple months back for Father's Day. Their weekend brunch is an all you can eat feast served butler style -- meaning the servers walk around with trays of food and you pick what you want, like a dim sum place. It is more expensive than the buffet ($48 for adults and $28 for kids under 12) and a less diverse selection, but the quality of food is probably better and (for all you lazy people out there) you never have to leave your seat while dining. For an extra $20 you can get all you can drink bloody mary's, mojitos, and caipirinhas.

Dishes that were served included:

Pork ribs - meaty, tender, with a little heat from the sauce.
Sliders - the beef patties were well seasoned and juicy and the bun was soft and slightly chewy.
Pancakes - small portions are perfect for sampling. The light texture of the batter worked well with the raspberry compote.
Cornmeal crusted French toast - the crunchy exterior and light fluffy interior made for a delicious combo.
Jamaican jerk chicken - the thick, crunchy exterior was exploding with flavor and gave way to the tender, juicy meat underneath. It was one of the best dishes of the day.
Egg with a veal hash - a large portion that was plenty for two to share that was served in a cute little cast iron dish. The meat was oily but the amazing potatoes and mushrooms made up for it.
Caprese salad - the slices of tomato could have been thinner. It was decent overall, but nothing too special. 
Yogurt parfait - I didn't try it but we did get some fresh berries that were delicious.
Steak and egg benedict - the steak was ok and the muffin was stiff, thick and chewy. The egg was overcooked but the hollandaise was perfectly balanced between the egginess and butteriness of it.
Cup of bacon - it was nothing fancy, just a white cup with bacon, but it was delicious. You can't go wrong with crispy bacon.
Asparagus - another dish I didn't try but it did look good. I didn't want to ruin my meal with too many vegetables.
Mushrooms and grits - i enjoyed the creamy texture of the grits and liked the toothsome bit of the mushrooms, but there was way too much truffle aioli.
Tater tots - not sure if these were made in house or frozen, but they weren't bad. By the time this dish came around I was so full I could only have one or two.
Flatbread - pretty good, the crust was slightly crunchy yet chewy.

To finish the meal they brought out a couple plates of chocolate chip cookies, oatmeal and golden raisin cookies, and chocolate raspberry brownies. I was stuffed but had to try one of each. The chocolate chip cookies were great -- chewy and warm, the oatmeal cookies were ok, and the brownies were excellent -- fudgy, dense, and moist.

The mojitos were good but could have used more mint and the caipirinhas were strong with just enough sweetness to them.

It was an excellent way to spend Father's day and a great alternative to the madhouse that is the buffet. The relaxed and intimate setting on the patio is the way to go if you want to stuff yourself silly without having to move. And after you're done you probably will (like me) have some difficulty getting your fat ass off your seat.
This was the second time we have eaten at La Cave and it was just as wonderful as the previous visit. Food was delicious, wine flight very tasty and went well with the meal and the portions were perfect for sharing. We will be back whenever we visit Vegas. Oh, and the staff were great. The only drawback was the techno music. How about something a bit less jarring?
La Cave is a nice hidden gem (at least the entrance is) not far from The Buffet. When the line for the Buffet is easily over an hour long or you don't feel like paying the extra $12 for the VIP line, consider coming to La Cave to enjoy a meal. Tapas-style portion sizes means you can order a bunch and share it amongst the table.

If you're looking for a cozy brunch, La Cave offers an AYCE served-tableside brunch option. Think of those Brazilian churrascarias, but instead of coming by with skewers of meat, they come by with trays of yummy breakfast items including but not limited to berry crepes, french toast sticks, jerk chicken wings, pancakes, sausages, grits, tater tots, and CUPS of bacon. Yes, that's right. You can have CUPS of bacon at your table. Oh, and short ribs (of all things??)

If you can score a seat on the patio, you'll have a nice view of the guest pool, and if you happen to be at the edge of the seating area, you'll catch a nice balanced draft of A/C and desert air.
La Cave is one of my favorite spots when in Vegas. Atmosphere rocks (consider asking to sit outside if you can bear the nighttime heat) and food is delicious. We ordered the onion soup which was excellently prepared, along with the salmon sashimi crackers, gorgonzola salad and grilled salmon. Salmon sashimi was the only one that was not outstanding; it was fun but not amazing and a bit pricey for what you got. I ordered the La Cave pale ale which did not disappoint. I also find that the price-value is good here in comparison to all the other overpriced restaurants on the strip. For three drinks and four dishes, we got out for under $100. Service is a little uneven but they are very nice and that makes up for a slightly awkward server set up. Would highly recommend this to anyone staying near the Wynn.
Have you heard of a gourmet buffet?  I hadn't either till we came here on Sunday during our stay at the Wynn.  

It's not cheap and you don't get up to fill up your plate.  The waiters walk around with what ever they create fresh in the kitchen and offer you small plates.  You can decline or take what ever you like as it comes.  Everything we had was perfection.  From the crepes to the sausage, it was pure perfection.  

Although more people were seating outside, we wanted to be inside (cooler, darker and more quiet).  As with any Wynn Resort Restaurant, La Cave doesn't skimp on quality. 

The food and drinks were delicious!  The staff were pleasant and very helpful.

All I can say is, I can't wait to be back!  Yes, it's that GOOD!
We celebrated my husband's birthday with about 24 of our friends last Friday.  We originally reserved the patio area but realized that it was completely outside not indoor/outdoor like the picture on the website.  We explained our confusion to the manager and he accommodated us by seating us inside the garden room.  It was quite the ordeal to move all of us inside and re-arrange several other parties to make room for us.  

The service was superb and the food was absolutely amazing.  There were a number of people that are foodies in our group and everyone of them gave the place a thumbs up.  I would highly recommend this place and would definitely come back again.

Thanks so much for the service crew working Friday night.  You made our event very memorable and special!
Snapper ceviche and crab lettuce cups were my favorites - both very good and something I would come back for. I've had ceviche a thousand times (well, maybe not that much but you get my drift). Theirs is different - flavorful and not overwhelming with citrus. Also had the beef filet flatbread and scallops with polenta cake, which were also good.

The best part was dessert. We had the s'mores flatbread and beignets (which come with 3 dipping sauces). Flatbread was good, but the beignets were AWESOME!

Plates are small but the price is a bit high, compared to what you'd expect at a "tapas" restaurant. Average plate price is $15 and you'd want to order 2-3 plates per person if you're having dinner. However, the quality here is heads above your typical tapas place.
My boyfriend and I really enjoyed La Cave.  We ordered a nice variety of items, including a super tasty charcuterie board (only $33 for 3 meats and 3 cheeses!).  Other items included:

*Bacon wrapped dates- YUM YUM YUM! The blue cheese dipping sauce was a great compliment.

*Filet Crostinis-  Very tasty and generous portions

*Cheeseburger sliders- Pretty normal, but good nonetheless.

*Carpaccio- A little too salty for my taste bud.

*Did a red wine flight- all three were delicious!
We were staying at the Wynn and looking for a place to eat before our show--not too fancy, not too expensive, but also not a burger and fries. 

This place got good reviews and looked nice, so we thought it would be a winner. Honestly the food wasn't bad--but for the price, it just wasn't all that. The only dish that was really pretty awesome was the snapper ceviche--flavor and texture were both good, and we liked the little fried lotus chips that came with it. The flatbread with steak and mushrooms wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing, and again, for the $16 or so it cost, I would have wanted to be wowed a little more. My husband had asparagus with jamon serrano and a poached egg; he was underwhelmed. The ham was so crispy it was more like bacon than prosciutto...again, edible, but way overpriced. The waitress forgot to put in our order for chocolate risotto, then did; the taste wasn't bad but the texture was a little mushy and the portion was tiny. I had a glass of wine, which was a little too warm and the bottle had obviously been opened at least a day or two before. Not so bad I couldn't drink it--I did--but at $15/glass, I think they could have tried a little harder. I know $15/glass is standard in Vegas, but that bottle wasn't worth more than $15; the least they could have done was serve it at the correct temperature.

For 3 tapas dishes, 1 dessert, 1 beer and 1 glass of wine (low-end wine, mind you) the check was $84 plus tip. OK, not the most expensive place in the resort or on the Strip, but it was pricey, underwhelming and my husband left hungry. They should either lower the prices, beef up the portions, make more amazing food or all of the above.
Delicious, creative dishes in a gorgeous space tucked inside the Wynn.

The best part about coming with a big group (we had 8) is being able to basically sample the whole menu...which we pretty much did. That being said, La Cave is a place that I like to classify as a great "girls night" restaurant because the tapas sized portions don't really compare to a good ol' steak and eggs at Buffalo Bills; unless you're willing to drop $70+ on food per person (not including drinks), you probably won't leave full.  Expect to order at least 2 of every dish if you have a party of more than 5.

The food was excellent overall. Some of my favourites were the bacon, egg, and fontina flatbread, the diver sea scallops, and the short rib cavatelli (which in a twisted way tasted like Chef Boyardee's beefaroni, but in the best way possible). Another big hit was the beignets, or more specifically, the creme anglaise that came with it....long after the beignets were gone, we were still scraping up the creme anglaise. Some "meh" dishes were the shrimp with piquillo peppers, the jumbo crab lettuce cups, and the bacon wrapped dates, but I only say they're "meh" because they didn't do these dishes any better than anywhere else that serves them. 

Because the menu is extensive and the portions small, your best bet would be to ask the waiter for his/her recommendations and take it from there. Hopefully, your waiter will be a bit more opinionated than ours (when we asked her for recommendations, she waffled on every suggestion so I ended up taking the reins and ordering everything myself).
They have the best pizza I've ever had in my life.  Please come here and try the pizza (flatbread).
Rounded up from 2 1/2*

Nice atmosphere/design--feels like a Spanish cava cellar--and attentive service.

But, the mixed green and shaved goat cheese salad is one of the most horrific salads I've ever had--bitter, unbalanced and possibly not-so-fresh greens.

The glass of pinot grigio was decent, and people seemed to be enjoying food other than the offending salad.
Well lets just start with the Host station, the women who checked us in very snobbish, the girl who took us to our table, Alexis she was quite nice, conversational~ 
   Our server, Perry.....must  have just been promoted from the buffet. Quite incredibly inept!!!! Spoke down whenever a question was asked. When explaining the chocolate risotto ~ do you know what risotto is???? Ok it's like that with pistachios, sweet and savory~ REALLY???? He constantly reached across the table, just really not what was expected from the Wynn. 
   The food was good, but this is a VERY LOUD bar/restaurant so don't go if you want to chat,
   Our food runner Ralph, very good, polite, explained what was on each plate without making us feel like he was rushed~ the other food runner, a blond kid also just promoted from the buffet. Walked/ cut us off in front entering the restaurant!!!
    Again NOT WAS WAS EXPECTED FROM STEVE WYNN ~
Fantastic ambiance -- the indoors feels like you're dining in a wine cellar, and the outdoor patio overlooks the pool area, which at night is lit up very pleasingly. I sat in the middle -- a sort of open-air dining room with the best of both. Nice!

The food is great, but expensive. We had roasted beets with goat cheese, quail's egg pizza, some kind of steak and mushroom dish and a sort of deconstructed Caprese salad. The salad was really small and weird, but everything else was great!

The clientele is a mix of upscale one-percenter hipsters and upscale one-percenter thirtysomethings. Some kind of pleasing background music played; it was either jazz or some kind of loungey electronic stuff. The fact that I can't remember means it was played at exactly the right volume!

Overall, recommended!
One of the best tapas places I've been. The food was amazing, and the place is very nice and trendy.
Mushroom grits!!  I would have licked the serving dish if I though I could get away with it. Tapas style dining- it can get pricey. Nice for a quite bite and a drink
Was in town for a conference and one of the companies I do business with invited us to a private event here.  We were in the back bar area and the patio out back.  This place is awesome for hosting parties.  

The staff greets you as you walk in and immediately offers you a glass of Wine or Beer.  Hors d'oeuvres were passed by servers.  I had the Kobe Sliders and Flatbread....they were awesome.  The Wine was very good too.  On the patio there are very comfortable chairs and sofas.  They even have a couple of those chairs that hang from ropes....very fun to sit in and have a couple of glasses of Wine.

Cigar smoking was allowed on the back patio....a few people took advantage of it and the awesome weather we had that night.

Overall, I was very impressed with this restaurant and their staff.  I want to come back and have dinner.  Their service is definitely 5 Stars and the food is a solid 4-4.5 Stars.

Return Factor - 90%
Great place to dine while dressed in style, at the Wynn, yet not too painful for your wallet. Yes, the portions may be small for hungry Y chromosomes, but it was perfect for a group of ladies hungry for food after watching a Cirque de Solei performance. The waitress recommended us ordering 2 dishes per person, but we found that one dish per person was more than plenty. However, you have to try their drinks! I ordered Yuca Java? (contained jalapenos) - it gives you that perfect kick of spiciness just to make your mouth tingle. giggle giggle. Everything on their menu is delicious - but I ordered the Chef's special flatbread and it was delicious and filling! Can easily be an appetizer to serve 4 people.
Through weeks of prior planning, I was able to booked a surprise birthday brunch for my dear friend and 8 other people while visiting Vegas for a wedding.  The venues and space was perfect!  I made reservations via OpenTable through yelp which was very quick and efficient.  

The hostess and staff at La Cave were awesome.  Upon arrive with the birthday girl, the hostess led our "table of 2" to the back patio where all our friends were waiting for the big surprise.  The patio area was beautiful and I adored the two hanging chairs next to our table.  The relaxed atmosphere and friendly staff made our experience quite enjoyable.  

For the food we decided to all order tapas style and share amongst each other.  We considered partaking in the chef's tasting, but one person in the group was not that hungry.  

We ordered:
- bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese fondue
- salt roasted beets with whipped goat cheese and pistachios
- beef carpaccio with truffle aioli
- beef filet, caramelized onion, mushroom, and blue cheese flatbread.   
- angus mini burgers with a side of beer battered fries
- diver sea scallops on top of polenta

My favorite dishes would have to be the beef carpaccio and beef filet flatbread.  I loved the texture of the flatbread...slightly chewy on the inside, crisp on the edges.  My biggest disappointment was the bacon wrapped dates.  I raved to my friends about how good they are, but the fondue sauce was a big letdown for me.  I prefer to have my dates stuffed so the cheese oozes out, perfectly mixing the sweet and savory flavors.  

Overall, great place and will definitely have to come back in the evening for a romantic dinner with the bf.
La Cave can be loud n crowded especially if younare seated in the cellar area. However, while the menu may not be extensive, this may be the best tapas/small plates restaurant in town. Portions were significantly larger than what we had at Julian Serrano the night before.  The salads were excellent, with perfect amount of tossed dressing. The flatbreads here are tops in town besting those at Olives.  The cavatelli pasta with short rib was amaZing,  maybe best pasta I've ever had anywhere. That good. But the real star is the Smores flatbread dessert. Un effen real. Cocktails were solid and cappuccinos were served piping hot. This places delivers a lively atmosphere and phenomenal food. We ll be back.
Excellent food, thanks to yelp for finding this.  BTW, please follow everyone's recommendations before ordering.  The salt-roasted beets and beef filet flatbread were recommended, we tried them and were impressed.  We ventured on our own and ordered the shrimp with fingerling potatoes and it was over-powered with vinegar, so it was just marginal.
One of the best spots in Vegas. ALWAYS a GREAT vibe.  Sommelier Chloe is one of the best in town and has an eye for obscure wines. EVERYTHING is incredible. Must haves - crab lettuce cups, salmon ceviche, chorizo flatbread, lamb chops, grits (one of the best things on the menu) beets. If you don't like beets or grits , order them anyway-guaranteed you will love them. Save room for the smores flatbread. Best dessert ever.
Debated 4 and 5 stars on this place as the context of Vegas makes it hard. Anywhere else, a solid 4, in Vegas, it gets a big 5. 

Inside the Wynn casino, La Cave is american small plates served tapas style with a very comprehensive wine list. There are a range of small dishes which are actually pretty big and some interesting and thoughtful wine flights which are fun. The atmosphere is dark and very lively. It is an excellent place to go to get the party started if you are going out. A little high on the bachelorette party quotient for me but that is Vegas generally. 

We started with the Italian flight which was excellent and ordered a bottle of Prosecco for later. The food started coming out fast with the first being the salted beets with goat cheese and mushroom grits. This was actually the first time that I have ever had beets so they were good? My husband enjoyed them so I am assuming they were. I ultimately discovered that beets aren't for me. I do however fancy myself as a bit of a grits connoisseur and the grits at La Cave were excellent.

Our shrimp and flat bread came next and were also excellent. The flat bread was sirloin, blue cheese, caramelized onions, and mushrooms. In all seriousness, with ingredients like those, you would need to try to make it bad. The shrimp was in a pepper sauce and actually went nicely with the grits as a pleasant surprise. 

Price wise, it was very fair especially for being in the Wynn so if you are looking for small plates, this is the place. As a side note, Steve Wynn is a vegan and as a result they have a vegan menu which is really nice in the land of steak houses.
This was our only dinner in Vegas that I didn't meticulously research ahead of time, and it turned out to be fantastic.

La Cave is a sexy dark little restaurant in the Wynn Hotel, specializing in small plates and wine. We were seated immediately despite lacking a reservation. Unfortunately, given the theme of the restaurant, I was very much not in a wine mood and so opted for a cocktail instead. That said, La Cave offered several different wine flights as well as an extensive menu of by-the-glass or bottles. If I went back I'd be interested to try a flight as they seemed to have interesting themes.

The food was excellent. We shared four dishes: The shrimp with piquillo peppers and potatoes, a three sausage flatbread, the beef sliders, and pasta with short rib and Brussels sprouts. All four dishes were delicious, but the shrimp was far and away the best one. The shrimp were perfectly cooked and the seasonings in the dish were just delicious. We fought over the dregs of the sauce. The pasta came in a close second place. The sausage flatbread was surprisingly spicy, so be forewarned if you're heat-phobic. Four dishes turned out to be plenty for the two of us to share, with a small amount of leftovers.

My only reason for not giving La Cave five stars is that the service was very slow, particularly at the start of dinner. We waited quite a while to give drink orders and again to order food. Once the food order was placed, service picked up, as each dish is sent from the kitchen as it's ready. Honestly, the service would not stop me from coming back--it wasn't bad, just slow--but I feel like it kept our experience at La Cave from being "as good as it gets."

Recommended.
The food was good, but we got there at 5pm. At first the lighting was perfect. I could see the face of my date, or potentially the food that was placed in front of me (we hadn't ordered yet). Then, BINGO, the lights were turned off and I was in a DARK, dark cave. Too much mood lighting for my taste. It made me want to lay down and go to bed. More importantly, it left me wondering what my food even looked like. Presentation of the food and overall ascetics adds to experience. Don't take this away with dark lighting.

Now to the food, 

Gorgonzola Salad, Bibb Lettuce, Pickled Onions, Crispy Prosciutto  - good overall. Tad too much cheese. All I tasted was gorgonzola. There was also something sweet on the plate that tasted like dates... BUT I couldn't see for the life of me what it was thanks to the lighting.

Bacon Wrapped Dates, Blue Cheese Fondue - okay, the dates were too sweet, but the blue cheese fondue attempted to offset that

Chorizo, Italian, Andouille Sausage Flatbread - it was okay. I wish I went with the chicken pesto

Onion Soup, Puff Pastry, Gruyre Cheese - it was okay.

Angus Mini Burgers, Mushroom, Chipotle Mayo - good dish
I am amazed with how poorly this restaurant treated me just now...and I thought I would share my experience with all of my yelp friends.  

Last year I took my wife to the Wynn Resort and had a very nice experience with a very nice dinner at La Cave as a hilight of our trip.  We went all out and enjoyed wine flights, appetizers and several small plates and left the restaurant completely satisfied.  It was a great meal enjoyed in a cool setting near the kitchen so we could watch the food preparation in real time.  

When we got home, we decided to re-create the experience for our office team and arranged a rock star holiday party which was to include arriving in las vegas at 3:30, a 5:30 dinner reservation at La Cave and a 7:00 showing of La Reve.  We pre-arranged everything in SEPTEMBER so that all details would flow smoothly and we could make our 9:50 flight home the same evening.  Keep in mind, the entire experience for our team of 7 awesome individuals was based upon our fond memories of the La Cave restaurant and the airfare was paid in full back in SEPTEMBER.  

well....today it got interesting.

A voicemail saying, we have arranged to book the restaurant for "someone else" and "unfortunately you wont be able to dine at la cave as planned."  

say what?  

After several I'm sorry phone calls and an experience not unlike pulling teeth, I was able to get my La Reve tickets refunded, however, this leaves me with a week's notice to plan an entirely different Las Vegas experience for my co-workers.  Hopefully there are still some reservations available around town...

Thanks for making me look like an ass La Cave.  Unbelievable!
Super cute restaurant that very much embodies the 'cave' vibe.  

I enjoyed many of the little plates, especially the charcuterie and the beef carpaccio.  Our server was very friendly, but he did bum me out a bit by taking forever to get our wine to us.  I did want to enjoy some of the meat and cheese with the wine we knew would complement it.  A bit more conscientiousness on the part of the wine service could go a long, long way. 

Go with a few people and try 5 or 6 dishes; you'll enjoy yourself for sure!
The Sunday brunch is . It's served butler style (they bring the plates to the table). All the plates are absolutely delicious. They have bottomless drinks for an extra $20. It's a great deal and different experience compared to other buffets. It's for sure worth  a try.
We can here as a group of 8 and got an amazing table in the back room and the services was spectacular. What surprised me the most are the totally fair portion sizes - we followed the 2 per person and everyone was stuffed (with a few plates leftover). The items that really stood out:
- Thai basil chicken flatbread: We ordered three varieties of flatbreads and this was one immediately consumed.
- Three bean salad: delicious
- Ahi tuna: amazing
- Onion soup: while Delicious, definitely not a sharing dish.
- Sirloin steak: tasty
- Shrimp: tasty
- Steak fillet: tasty
- Mini burgers: tasty
(pretty much all the red meat delicious were yummy)

Other items ordered:
- Snapper ceviche: was just meh 
- Bacon flatbread: I know this is going to sound crazy but way too bacon-y (it's possible)
- Salmon sashimi: was good but nothing we'd order again

I would definitely come back and would recommend this place to others. Perfect for groups or a romantic date.
Very cozy little hide out perfect to chill with a glass of wine!
The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars and not 5 is that the wine list is kind of sorry--I don't think there is a single glass under $18-20. I ended up ordering a half bottle for $52 because hay, it was Thanksgiving and that's just how I roll on a holiday. I'd rather have a nice half bottle of wine than a piddly little glass for more expensive per volume, amirite?

ANYWAY the rest of the menu is great. My friend got the Thanksgiving prix fix menu, which was really quite good. The pumpkin pie was outstanding--those Wynn pastry chefs really know what they are doing! 

Can I talk for a second about charcuterie? Like, how it's one of my favorite things in the absolute world? Charcuterie plates for a steal of $33--3 meats, 3 cheeses. Super HQ and devourable. 

My flatbread was awesome--truffle, beef, mushrooms, onions. ALL THE THINGS THAT I LOVE. My other friend got the thai flatbread which was also awesome. The flatbreads we just turned into entrees, not so much tapas, but I could see how you could do that.

The inside is dark and the bathrooms are out in the hallway. Genevieve was a bomb server, too!
Got sick after eating there. Wife and I had same food throughout day only difference was she had a salad there and I didn't. She got very sick. And she never gets sick like that.  Was staying at encore. Called restaurant to report it and didn't get call back. I left message. They couldn't be bothered I guess. The rest of the food was good though. Good luck there.
La Cave is perfect for a date night. Dark and    intimate, this place is great to get out hectic Vegas for a bit. 

We were celebrating my mom"a birthday so obviously a lot of romance was lost but between the food and quality service we all had a great time. 

Two must gets are the charcuterie board and the beef carpaccio. The charcuterie was perfect with the wine and high quality all the way. The beef carpaccio with arugula and truffle aioli was one of my favorite dishes anywhere. My mom got most of it but hey, it was birthday and it just gives us an excuse to return. 


Even though it was in the reservation my mom did not end getting a b-day dessert but that was the only disappointment of the night.
I recently celebrated my birthday at La Cave and was very impressed. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful. As the name suggests, they have a dim "hide away" vibe that projects an understated and intimate elegance. 

Our server was great - very attentive and polite. He knew the menu well and was able to make great recommendations. 

The food at La Cave is easily some of the best in town. My party of three shared four dishes (tapas style) and they were all excellent. We had a field greens salad with champagne vinaigrette, tomato and mozzarella flatbread with capers, roasted salmon with green beans, and a chicken pesto pasta. Throughout the meal, we literally couldn't stop talking about how great everything was. 

For a nice restaurant on the strip, the prices were quite reasonable. For the four dishes and a glass of wine each, it came out to about $45/person including tip.
Visit this place. One of the best places I have been recently to. Great ambiance. Crowd is mostly couples in various ages. Nice lounge/chill music playing. One third of the restaurant has patio seating. Reserve in advance if you want those particular tables. Inside and close to patio tables are amazing too.
Prices are fare. Usually one needs two things. Example:.salad $10 and flat bread (pizza) $15. Or just get one if not hungry and you just want something to compliment the drinks.
Plenty of bottled and draft beer selection. $8 to $12.

They also have good espresso, cappuccino, etc. Great to recharge before continuing the night at top night club/lounge as XS, located at the same resort property Wynn/encore.

In short place appears to be very romantic and I am sure ladies will like it. Mature, yet trendy crowd. No running around kids and strollers.
Service was attentive and perfect. La cave is easy to be overlooked, but it is definitely worth it and one of the best restaurants at Wynn property that does not brake the bank.
This hidden gem at the Wynn is great!!   Very tasty small plates and a great selection of wine and beer!   Perfect for a light snack or lunch exploring some different flavors!!   It is poolside at the Wynn and feature open air or even outside patio dining!
Me and hubby decided to have a drink, sitting outside overlooking the pool. Ended up ordering a salad, filet and a lamb pasta dish. All were excellent and we enjoyed this place which we almost walked right by. It's a must do and we can't wait to go back.
The chef really takes pride of the food he prepares. Very delicious. The vegan menu at this restaurant is great! The creamy mushroom tortellini pasta and the Vegan chick'n gardein was delectable.

This restaurant has a very romantic feeling to it. It's perfect for couples. (but not necessarily)

If you have a significant other, I highly recommend you bring him or her to this restaurant for an intimate evening and delicious food.

The service here is first class.
Really loved this place! I love tapas style eating because you get a chance to try more than one thing. Went here on a Thursday night while in Vegas and we really fell in love with the cool decor. The wait staff was very friendly as well.

We started off with some apps...
Chorizo and sausage flatbread: Delicious!
Filet and blue cheese flatbread: Also delicious
Thai-Basil chicken flatbread: Great but not if you don't like sweet and spicy together- as one in our party mentioned.
Salmon sashimi tostada: Very good

For our "main course" we got the Angus mini burgers, beef filet with blue cheese crostini and the sea scallops. All were fantastic with the scallops being the favorite. 

Definately will be going back to La Cave!
We get to Vegas about twice a year and we always try to go to someplace new for dinner. However... This week was at least our 4th visit to La Cave. The food is delicious, the ambiance wonderful, service excellent and friendly. Big bonus the wine list is fun, intriguing and exciting. This trip was no different. Thank you for yet another great meal!
Smells good when you walk in.  I was told the patio seating is nice in the summer time. This evening was gloomy.  The hostess was nice.  We did not see a server for a while longer than I would expect.  Once she did come she have great suggestions for the meat and cheese board.  I ordered a German Riesling. It was a great pick if you like sweet white wine!  Our orders came in timely.  The beef carpaccio was very good.  I love truffle oil. This beef was server rolled in 4 pieces. Very small and light.  We shared but I could have had one order to myself. The cheese board was large. A generous helping of meat... Salami, prosciutto, and a spicier meat.  The truffle cheese, Gouda, and third cheese we had her choose for us seemed so small in comparison to the meat.  Toasted bread and cranberry sauce also complimented the board. Everything turned out to be more than enough for the three of us. We took an hour to eat our appetizers as we were waiting for Allegro to open. The server had not tended to out table since the food had arrived.  After the hour passed we had to wave her down.  As I was taking my last sip of wine she asked me how I liked what I had chosen.  What we are was good.  For the type of restaurant it was, I definitely  expected better service.
My girlfriends and I were seeking a place for a lite dinner after gorging on a buffet earlier in the day. La Cave seemed to fit the bill as it is a cute little tapas place, in the Wynn, where we had just attended a show. As we did not have a reservation, we waited about ten minutes before we were seated.

I ordered the salt roasted beets, with whipped goat cheese and pistachio, which was delicious, and the potatoes, which never arrived. One of my girlfriends ordered the Chorizo, Italian & Andouille Sausage Flatbread, and luckily, she did not finish it, so I filled up the empty place in my tummy that was craving potatoes with the tasty flatbread.

We had a few drinks and enjoyed the dark atmosphere, service was a-ok.
We went to La Cave for a fancier meal and were drawn to it because of their vegan menu. 

Our carnivores sampled the duck ravioli, ahi tuna, and bacon fontina and quail egg pizza. I had the vegan salted beets, artichoke flatbread, and tortellini. Everything was very tasty but nothing so greatly overwhelming that we would crave it later. 

The two standouts from the meal were the MOA Breakfast Ale and the chocolate marscapone cake with caramel sauce. 

Now, when we say that this cake was the best thing we have EVER eaten, as far as desserts go, we are NOT kidding. Seriously. Drop everything and go get this cake. For dinner. Now. Just go. Cancel everything else.
Amazing food. Excellent wine. Very pleasant staff and atmosphere. The Grits is a must try!
Looked toYelp for a spot to grab an elegant and affordable meal. All the positive reviews of this place are spot on. Beautiful patio seating overlooking the pool (inside is very accurate to the name. It is dark and feels like a wine cellar), the food is fantastic and prices are very reasonable. I shared the beet salad, green bean salad, egg over easy sandwich, and flatbread pizza (don't remember all the formal names) with a gf. Those dishes, combined with a drink for each of us came out to $80. Not bad at all!  We were full with leftovers to spare.  The only reason I am not giving 5 stars us because of the beet dish. It was much too salty!!! We couldn't get past several bites. 
Make sure to try the strawberry wheat beer. Soooo good.
Was staying at the Mirage with some friends and while I like the Mirage as a hotel, the food isn't fantastic, so we wanted to go somewhere a little fancier without breaking the bank before we went out. Because of Yelp reviews, we ended up at La Cave. We got right in at around 8 pm on a Saturday night. A lot of the dishes are tapas style, so we each got a small salad and a few things to share. I got the gorgonzola salad and it was AWESOME. The cheese combined with prosciutto was fantastic! I thought it was going to be super small but it was a pretty decent size. We got a couple flatbreads to share - the tomato, mozz and caper and the artichoke, roasted pepper and olives. I wouldn't LOVED the tomato and mozz but the capers kind of threw it off for me. The drinks are also pretty yummy. Four of us probably spent $40 bucks each, which for a trendier place in Vegas is pretty darn good. Would definitely come back.
Went here for their valentines day menu. Overall the food was not bad, a couple very good, a couple very average items. The wine pairing with it was terrible! I have had better bottles of Barefoot than what they paired. Also for $50 a person plus $25 for wine pairing, I expect to get more than 6 total ounces of food. I understand its a small plate restaurant but at that price I shouldnt have to stop by In N Out on the way home and get a full meal for my girl and I....which we had to do!! Very unimpressed with a hotel that usually does things right. Staff was nice for the most part but again, not excellent which is what I would expect at a $75 a person dinner.
After searching Yelp for quite some time, my mom and I landed our sights on La Cave. At first, they tried to seat us right by the kitchen/pizza oven but we quickly asked to me moved with no argument from the friendly hostesses. We sat close to the bar and were able to peak into the enclosed patio area.


The atmosphere was dark and sultry with music playing loud enough to sing along during a pause in conversation. 

We both needed a minute to decide on which wine flight to order and the waiter was gracious enough to invite the Somm over for some suggestions. The Somm was really nice and friendly. Not pompous and arrogant as others I have met in the past. I asked for a specific wine to pair with the chocolate cake and they did not have it. He was gracious enough to talk to the wine director to find something to fit my fancy. And it did!

It was recommended to order 2 plates per person and it was right on! We started off with the mixed greens salad. Moved onto the warm beets where my mom was oooooing and ahhhhing after every bite. I had never had beets before and I even liked them. For our third plate we went with the Veal short rib pasta. The portion was generous and I would have been fine eating that alone. It was warm and delicious. Total comfort food. For our last entree we had the beef medallions.  I absolutely HATE bleu cheese and the kitchen had no qualms about substituting mozzarella on my filet instead of the bleu. Of course we had to order the cake as well and it was a nice way to end the night. As we chatted with the somm, I mentioned that we were celebrating a belated birthday for my mom and they brought out a small chocolate mousse with a candle on it for her. 

With 2 wine flights, 4 plates, one cake and 2 after dinner dessert wines our total was just under two hundred and worth every penny. I would totally visit La Cave again!
One of the most enjoyable Sunday Brunches I've had to date. It's advertised as "Butler-Style Brunch" or, American Dim Sum, I was a bit confused by what they meant until it was explained to us. Small plates that are brought around to your table by the servers, and you pick what you want. My previous experience at La Cave was great, the outside patio option, and the view of the pool, plus the food was excellent, made me anxious to come try brunch. 

A little kink in the service, we did sit for awhile before being offered a drink, after someone had noticed, we were started out with bottomless mimosas ($20 extra on top of cost of brunch) but it did include a variety of drink options if mimosas aren't your thing.  They included; 

Bloody Mary
Caipirinha
Margarita
Mojito
Sangria (white or red)
Mimosa

I liked that you are able to switch them up.

Table side items inlcuded:

Heirloom Tomato and Mozzarella Salad
Chilled Tomato Soup
Fresh Fruit Salad
Yogurt Parfait with Granola
Cornflake Crusted Brioche French Toast
NY Style Egg Sandwich
Scrambled Eggs
Angus Mini Burgers
Mushroom Grits
Baked Potato Loaded Tater Tots w/ Brown Gravy
Tomato Mozzarella Flatbread
Chef's Selection Ham & Egg Flatbread
Eggs Benedict with Chorizo, Canadian Bacon or Filet
Veal Short Rib Hash
Pancakes with Berry Compote
Bacon and Chorizo Sausage Cups

Everything we had was really good, but a few really stood out, I'm not a huge french toast lover, but the one served was by far the table favorite. I had 3 servings (don't judge, they're small). The mushroom grits and the Eggs Benedict Filet, oh and the Fresh Fruit Salad (sounds boring but it was outstanding) were  my favorites. 

I'm not sure if it was intentional, but we did wait quite awhile in between servings, not sure if this is to let you rest and digest before the next server comes around with items, but we did have to ask a few times for refills on our drinks and well as food. There seemed to be plenty of staff. Service wasn't bad enough to knock a star off, we really did enjoy our food. Already making plans to come back.
Not the experience we were looking for.  I have had this on my list of places to check out in Vegas for a couple of years.  Certainly didn't expect Sports to be blaring on multiple TVs in every room.  It was so noisy in there, we left after our appetizer.
I guess the prices are what they are because it's at the Wynn? The food was good, but a little overpriced IMO, even for tapas. It was $13 for 4 small bacon-wrapped dates. The rest of what we ordered was pretty good and fairly priced. The pesto pasta was delicious! The flatbread was filling and definitely tasty. I forget the name of the one we got, but it had artichokes and ricotta cheese...yummm!! I would definitely go back for the flatbread!
My wife and I decided to try La Cave for a belated birthday dinner celebration after reading the rave reviews on yelp and other sites.  We are longtime Vegas vacationers who love staying at the Wynn because we appreciate their high standards, quality amenities and top-notch service, and love to frequent their excellent restaurants.  It started out fairly well--the greeters at the door welcomed us and seated us quickly, and our server came and took our drink order.  All of the restaurant staff was impeccably attired and gave me the feeling that this was going to be a good evening.  While walking to our table, we noticed that most of the employees were busy chatting away with each other instead of working or doting of their customers, and most of them avoided eye contact or any kind of acknowledgement of us--yes, we WERE properly attired.  The restaurant was very stylish and clean, and our table for two was set very romantically and the ambient lighting was perfect.  However, the huge flatscreen TV on the wall blaring out a March Madness college basketball game was confusing and somewhat of an eye (and ear) sore, since we wanted to dine in a cozy, romantic restaurant--not a sports bar.  Our drinks were came quickly and were really good--I had the Rince Cochon, a strong Belgian ale, while my wife had a glass of Eckstein Riesling.  Our server asked if we were ready to order, but we were unfamiliar with their offerings and requested a little more time.  Well, I finished over half of my beer by the time she finally reappeared to take our food order.  We had a small order since we needed to get to a show after dinner, so we ordered the jumbo lump crab lettuce cups, warm salt-roasted beets, chicken flatbread and the beef filet.  The crab lettuce cups came out first--full of succulent lump crabmeat, topped with small wedges of mandarin orange and pink grapefruit--very tasty and refreshing!  Next, the chicken flatbread and beef filet--the flatbread was very generous and filling, the exotic seasonings and hearty portion of chicken made it most delicious and a worthwhile experience, while the beef filet was savory and rich, sitting on crostini soaked with those delicious beef juices, topped with blue cheese and cooked to a perfect medium.  After we finished the three dishes and our drinks, we patiently waited for another 10 minutes before our server showed up and asked if we were ready for dessert.  I quietly mentioned to her that she forgot the roasted beets, so she said she would check on them.  Wait 5 more minutes, then she comes back and says she forgot the beets but if I still wanted them "the guys could throw them on the grill"--what?!  I was still hungry (these ARE small plates, after all) so I said I did want them.  Another 10+ minutes later, the beets finally show up, but it is kinda sad sitting and eating beets with nothing else to munch on with it. So I quickly ate most of the beets and asked for the check, since we still had a show to attend and our discombobulated meal took over 75 minutes to consume.  To my surprise, I was charged for the beets!  We wanted to speak to a manager about our disappointing experience, but needed to rush out of the restaurant to get to the show at The Orleans in time, which we did with just minutes to spare.  So I would rate La Cave the following:

FOOD:  4 stars-excellent quality, but very expensive for small plates.

AMBIENCE:  3 stars-nice atmosphere and lighting, staff dressed very well, but sports-bar TV's killed it.

PRESENTATION:  4 stars-very professional, clean and stylish.

SERVICE:  1 star-extremely disappointing for a Wynn restaurant; too long wait times for food and service followup; felt server wanted to rush us out.

To say we were disappointed is an understatement, because the food offerings and the restaurant itself were wonderful.  Hope La Cave can clean up their service issues, because there are a lot of other options, both on- and off-property.
I Am a frequent guest at this restaurant but don't think I will come again. Had a reservation at 12:30 today. Was seated at a very small table and asked to be moved to a larger one, hostess stated that's reserved. Asked for another table that was also empty and again she stated that one is also reserved. Two couples came in 2 minutes later and sat at both tables we asked to be moved to. I asked each couple if they had specifically reserved that table and both couples replied no they just sat us here and we didn't ask for anything specific. 

RUDE! We got up and left and I won't be coming back.
The food here was very good. The filet with blue cheese was phenomenal and cooked perfectly. The flatbread was delicious. We had to send back the french onion soup because the pastry was burned, but they took care of it and brought us another that was excellent. I wasn't crazy about the the wine flight we chose...I was expecting better for the price. This was a great place to eat after the show. Enjoy!
I've been here for dinner many moons ago and it was a great experience. I went here for brunch for Easter and I'm glad I did. I think I enjoyed their brunch menu more than their dinner menu.

For about $50, you can enjoy 16 butler-style table side items and for an additional $20, you get unlimited brunch cocktails (mimosa, sangria, Mojito, margarita, Bloody Mary, and caipiranha). About $30 for kids under 12. Servers with plates/trays of food go around the restaurant. We were sitting in front of the kitchen so, we always got first dibs on everything.

Items we got just for the heck of it (non mind-blowing but expectations weren't set high in the first place):
Heirloom Tomato and Mozzarella Salad
Fresh Fruit Salad
Scrambled Eggs
Angus Mini Burger
Chorizo Sausage Cup
Pancakes with Berry Compote
Tomato Mozzarella Flatbread
Veal Short Rib Hash

What we enjoyed and ate the most:
Cornflake Crusted Brioche French Toast
Mushroom Grits (I smelled truffles when the server passed by so, I had to have this!)
Baked Potato Loaded Tater Tots with Brown Gravy (do you like Poutine?)
Ham and Egg Flatbread (raw quail eggs)
Eggs Benedict with Chorizo (one of the best eggs Benedict's I've ever consumed)
Eggs Benedict with Filet (you can't go wrong with steak and eggs)

This is supposed to be a leisurely dining experience so, if you have to be somewhere at a certain time, go somewhere else. I like my Lazy Sundays so this was an excellent choice. Laidback, no worries...just sit, eat, sip and enjoy life!
LOVE THIS PLACE! We had a table outside, overlooking the pool on a lovely April evening. 

Le Cave is Italian-style tapas and a wine bar and it is a great way to eat. We ordered the Steak, mushroom and gorgonzola flatbread to start and it was amazing, so light but full of flavor. I had a salad as well and then we ordered the roasted salmon, delicious. The service was strong, but not overbearing.

This is our third visit in the last few years - consistently excellent each time.
I've had tapas here before and loved it but I just experienced brunch for the first time. The selections were fantastic and you don't have to stand in line to try things. They actually bring the food to you and you can select what you'd like. They were very accommodating to any changes in the items that you requested. And the price was extremely reasonable for what you got.
OH EM GEE!!!!!!  I think this is currently my new favorite restaurant.  You don't hear much about this place but my friend brought me here for an early bday dinner and I loved it so much that for my actual bday dinner when my other girlfriends arrived in town, we came back!  I've had tapas before but this place was one of the best.  The portions are small but that's really what tapas are!  And it allows you the ability to try more and order more!  My favorites would be the carpaccio, the crab cake lettuce cups, the thai chicken flat bread, papardelle pasta, and holy SMORES PIZZA!! Honestly, that smores pizza is one of the best things I have ever eaten. I have no idea what they put in it - crack perhaps? - I could eat ten of those in one sitting, if I knew that it wouldn't all go straight to my butt.  Sooooooo good!  Drinks are a bit pricey.  They offer wine flights, selection of four wines in 2 oz glasses.  That was good, but still pricey.  Sangria was good too but wayyyyyy expensive!
So yum...get the beets for sure. They could use a little help with servers...always seems a little short staffed. The patio, food, atmosphere is wonderful!!
I have only been here for brunch so I cannot say anything about their dinner service. 

The hubby and I have been to almost all the brunch places in Las Vegas and wanted to try something new. The for $48 you get served "tapas" style brunch items. For another $20 you can get unlimited mimosas, bloody mary's and a few other brunch type alcoholic drinks. 

The only thing that stood out for me and that I could have eaten tons of was the mushroom grits. Everything else was just ok. With that being said $48 for mushroom grits is a little too much for my wallet.
I came to Vegas for a bachelorette weekend for a close friend and was charged with finding places for our party to eat (perks of being a Yelper!). I had to work with the diets of a couple veggie/vegan friends and that slightly limited my choices of eateries in Sin City. However, googling and Yelping showed that The Wynn's head chef was a converted vegan and many of the hotel's restaurants had vegan choices...yay! 

Vegan/veggie menu? check.
Classy venue? check.
Cocktails, beer, and/or wine to start off our bachelorette party right? check!

The ATMOSPHERE in here is a combination of a classy restaurant/lounge -- there are traditional tables to sit at along with comfy couches/benches too. Instead of huge bay windows, the wall just opened up on one side of the restaurant and we got a wonderful view of the High Roller Ferris Wheel throughout our meal. 

Onto the FOOD! 

Even though this is considered a "tapas" restaurant, I thought their portions were much larger than traditional tapas. I got the chicken thai flatbread and it had the most amazing spicy chili sauce on top. It was also very filling! Upon request, they offered a separate vegan/veggie menu and my friends all enjoyed the mushroom ravioli.

For the DRINKS...

They had many beers on tap and a large selection of wine. There is also a full bar for cocktails. I ordered a SANGRIA and it came in the largest glass ever...it was like half a fish bowl! I loved the fresh berries and apples in my drink. 

The SERVICE was very accommodating here. I was able to make a RESERVATION via Opentable and they even called me the day of to confirm our spot. I really appreciate restaurants checking in because I hate having my party wait upon arrival while they get our table ready. We were running a bit late due to traffic on The Strip, but they still held our table for us 30 minutes after our reservation time. 

If you're ever in need of a classy restaurant with a diverse menu (especially for vegetarian and vegan eaters), I highly recommend La Cave at The Wynn!
All in all the dinner we had was lovely, it's just I live in San Francisco and could get everything on the menu for half of the cost. Hence, the three stars. If you are coming from a place where you don't get to experience amazing wine lists and food and that's your jam, then you will definitely enjoy this place.

We drink a lot of Pinot Noir, and on that front the selection was fantastic. Lots of French and Sonoma County/Russian River options.

The patio is gorgeous, albeit a little hot if you go to early - definitely opt for a dinner reservation that's 7:30PM or later - that's about the time it started cooling down.

Our order:
Thai Basil flatbread - this was solid. Really good and unique flatbread. 

Beets with pistachios and goat cheese - really tasty, perhaps a bit too rich or heavy handed with the cheese. I love beets so I felt like they were drowning a bit.

Charcuterie plate - prosciutto, sopressata, and a dry salami along with Truffle tremor, humboldt fog, and a beemster type of wisconsin cheese that I can't recall. All good, but nothing surprising here. 

Crimson Crush wine flight for 2 - really good selection here. Both of the french Pinot Noirs on this flight were fantastic.

This was more than enough food for two people - I'd actually say slightly too much. So don't be afraid to order the plates as you want them - it was pretty quick.

Hope that's helpful!
My husband and I are wine fanatics so we decided to try La Cave.  All I can say is AMAZING!  This is our new Vegas go to spot.  The service was impeccable!  The wine list was massive.  There is a wine for all taste buds. We bought a bottle and ate on the patio overlooking the garden pool.  We ended up being there for 3 hours and were not rushed to leave.  The food is tapas style and very high quality.  We had the La Cave Cesear Salad which was yummy and the meat & cheese board.  Biting into the cheese you could tell it was real aged cheese, delicious!  After sitting there so long we decided to have the chocolate mousse cake for dessert which was divine.  If you enjoy high quality food and wine this is the place for you.
Loved the tapas sized plates. 

Don't miss the Thai chicken flatbread.  I also loved the cheese course.
I love Vegas, I deal with the prices of the food/booze because its Vegas.  I have eaten my way through the strip several times, and cannot believe I have never eaten here before.  
We stumbled accross this delightful find by accident, they were expecting a private party but let us eat at the open kitchen bar area as long as we could eat under an hour.  

I started with a Spanish wine flight with generous pours and a great selection of wines.  I then moved on to the ceasar salad wrapped in prosciutto, this was amazing.  The cut of meat was perfect...and I know my meat!  Since we were short on time we split a flatbread that had bacon and quail egg on it....oh my!!  This was amazing, bacon melted in my mouth.

The service was perfect, the atmosphere is intimate inside.  I cannot say enough nice things about the food and wine, just remember its VEGAS so prices will be high.
This is my go-to Date location in Las Vegas. I think its the perfect first-date spot on the strip because of thr Tapas style dining. What could a better ice breaker be than talking about which food items you would like to share?

Def order:
Bacon Wrapped dates
Sangria 
Sliders 
Filet

Request:
A table on the Patio. The view is simply amazing! 

The only downside is that it is slightly pricey. I haven't had a bill less than $150 after drinks/apps. The drinks in particular are super what adds up quickly. They are so tasty that you want to order them again and agian!
If you are looking for a restaurant in Las Vegas that's menu has variety, definitely need to check it out here! Here's what I ordered!
-Bacon Wrapped Dates: crispy on the outside and flavorful inside! It's a must dish.
-Sliced Sirloin Steak: Everything about this dish is amazing. Cooked medium rare, when you receive it the knife smoothly cuts into the steak, and the mushroom adds amazing flavor and texture. 
-Diver Sea Scallop: By far the best dish! The seasoning is incredible, everything about this dish was fantastic! 
-S'mores Flatbread: last but not least the dessert! Very yummy and not to sweet!

Reason why I knocked off a star, is because even though it's Tapas style, I wish it can be just a little more bigger portion, just a little bit more!
What great service. The small plates are really well made. I am a fan of the vegan menu. And the wen selection is great
I just don't know how I feel about this place
We summed it up : "the service was lovely and the food was good and the sampler lunch platter is a good value for money. The staples of paella and chorizo dishes seem to be where Tapa shines, and if I am in the area and looking for a quick Spanish lunch, I'd happily go by again"
Was here on the grand opening night and it was fantastic! A toast & cheer on your grand official opening. Congratulations & best wishes.
My experience at Marbella was for their VIP tasting event.  Great service, yummy sangria, but the food....  I gotta say, I wasn't impressed.  Yes, they only served about 7 different dishes, so maybe I just got tired of seeing the same plates passed around.  Then again, there are tapas restaurants where I could literally eat 4 orders of the same item and be in Heaven.  

Marbella, not so much.  

Don't get me wrong, there were some good points.  The decor is clean, open and inviting.  The bar was lively and fun.  The staff were all on their best behavior.  Not to mention, the sangria was some of the best I've had.  But, for me, I go to a restaurant for the food.  At the end of the day, that's what it's all about.  So if the food doesn't knock my socks off, then I won't consider it next time around.  

I do have to give Marbella props, though.  They seemed very open to receiving input from patrons.  They handed out a take-home menu to everyone, and emphasized that the menu will evolve as time goes on.  I would've given them my honest opinion about the food, but I was at a table with 5 acquaintances and really didn't feel like getting into it.  That's why I'm on Yelp now, so hopefully Marbella is reading this.

Out of the menu items I tried, I do have to compliment them on the empanadas and the... the fried thing with cheese.  Man, I forget the name now.  Oh, and the chorizo thing that looked like a bagel bite: that was good. The chicken lollipops were okay for my taste, but about half my table didn't like them.  Other than that, nothing else stood out.  

So with a 50% success rate on the food, I might give it another shot in the future.  I'm interested to see how the restaurant progresses.
Marbella, a Spanish tapas restaurant, just opened in October.  Great location in the former Ruth's Chris @ Flamingo & Arville.  Not much has changed.  It still looks about the same.  I checked this spot out with my friend for Happy Hour, which is 50% of apps.  We ordered 3 apps & a couple glasses of wine each.   I have to give the apps 2 thumbs down for complete lack of flavor.  If you come here stick to the drinks.  The food just isn't good.  On the upside, they are new and have time to improve.  If you want to delight your taste buds with tastylicious tapas, Firefly is still the go to spot.
...really GREAT place!

it has the energy from the old ruth chris, (which was previously housed @this location on west flamingo), with a nightclub/lounge feel!
great happy hour, (4pm to 7pm), and reverse happy hour, starting @11pm! foodie food!
I happened to be in Vegas not too long after this place opened up.  Having spent some time in Southern Spain, I was definitely looking forward to trying this place out.  If you sign up for text alerts on their website, you can get some pretty decent discounts.  I got the two-for-one unlimited tapas deal.  The tapas are very tasty and the service is very good.  Our waiter had a good sense of humor.  We even got a complimentary tapa on top of all the stuff we ordered.  The sangria was very refreshing.  I would definitely hit this place up again.
Good service, decor is OK, food is just not good. There are probably 10 places in town for better tapas. Would never waste my time going back.
Marissa is awesome!  Food was not the most authentic I've had but the atmosphere and service were fabulous.  I'll be back, I'll just away from the lobster bisque.
We went to Marbella because we are locals and just happen to see it while driving by, and always looking for a new tapas place besides Firefly. We were a little concerned when we first walked in because we were the only customers. We quickly learned that the place has only been open 2 weeks. The atmosphere was beautiful with soft lighting and great lounge music playing. Our waiter was very nice and accommodating when we asked if there was any way he could find a candle for our table! We ordered four different appetizers just to get a taste of what would be our favorites. The shrimp ceviche was the best I've ever had and the calamari had the most incredible sauce! The only one we didn't really care for were the empanadas. The owner came over and presented us with 2 free signature drinks, the Marbella kiss, and introduced himself and thanked us for coming, which we thought was really nice!! All in all, great atmosphere, great location (right next to the palms) great service, and really good food! I say this is one local restaurant we should support!
I wish more people knew about this place! Every time I go in its almost empty! But the food is great and reasonable priced. I strongly recommend a pitcher of red sangria to go with the tapas. The staff was very nice and the overall ambiance of the place was relaxing! I've been bringing my friends here for the past month to spread the word!
Delicious little hidden treasure.  If you are looking for an eating establishment where virtually everything on the menu is a must-try? Where the bartenders are not just your average drink slingers but true mixologists? Then Marbella is your place!

Why the less than 5 stars you ask? Because its in a strip mall on busy flamingo. Lame reason perhaps but traffic and poor curb appeal can be huge reasons for some to want to skip trying some place new all together.

All in all the food (just about all if it) was delicious and if the mood calls for tapas with zero location restrictions, I'll be happy to visit Marbella again.
Delicious food, comfortable vibe. I need to hire the interior designer who decorated this establishment. #amazing #kanye

I saw this beautiful girl here. I can't get her out of my mind, WOW! I think about the girl all the time, wow wow!

The problem was I had a girlfriend at the time. Who's now an ex of mine. She used to wear all these short skirts that really attracted me. The problem was the girl from Marbella was more attractive and all she wore was t-shirts.

I knew this because when I played football, I'd look back and pretend to wave at my girlfriend, who was a cheerleader. But really, I'd look past her and see the girl from Marbella on the bleachers.

I've been trying to find love but I realized, that what I was looking for has been there the whole time.

I now see, and she's the one that understands me. She's been there all along. I finally see. I belong with her. I belong with her.

So I left my girlfriend and dated the girl from Marbella. We were walking in the streets. This is embarrassing to say, but I was wearing worn-out jeans. I looked into her eyes, and I couldn't help myself and told her this is how it ought to be. We laughed on the park bench and I thought to myself, "Hey isn't this easy..."

Anyways, if it wasn't for Marbella I would have never had dated Taylor Swift. I highly recommend it here.

I'm so excited for the Re-grand-opening. This Sunday, I'm stoked.

Better than Passion of the Christ and I'll admit it's better than Lethal Weapon 4.
Great atmosphere, inexpensive, delicious tapa and great drinks. I'm so excited for this place to re-grand-open this Sunday! July 22nd open bar from 6-10 I hear? This place is fun! See ya thurrrrr
Very easily 5 stars...

Chef Beltran is great, the GM is very courteous, the music hits the spot, the food is unique and satisfying, the restaurant is beautiful,what else can you ask for?  

Do yourself a favor and order the boneless baby back ribs.  I didn't even realize it was boneless when I ordered this, and I didn't even realize it when the ribs actually came to the table, because they were all intact.  What a pleasant surprise when you put your fork in it.  Delicious barbeque without the mess so you don't have to embarrass yourself by your date!

The other winners were the fatoush salads (a nice middle eastern complement to the Spanish cuisine) calamari, manchego mac n cheese, lamb sliders, but... the second best dish (after the ribs of course) was the Ahi Tuna Daurade.  Different take on ahi tuna, due to it's peppery crust.  Perfection.

Desert, I would go with coconut flan.  All made from scratch deserts, like everything else on the menu.  Chef Beltran is the man, not only a wonderful chef to talk with, but a wonderful different take on Spanish tapas.  Loving the middle eastern influence in his dishes.

Thank you and your wonderful restaurant for a very pleasant experience.  Thank you for showing us around.  And thank you for letting us stay late, that's what service should be all about.
We ate here after finding a deal on eBay through Vegas4locals. We ate dinner on Saturday night, 9/8/12. Our server was attentive, and the food was served quickly. The prices were reasonable, and the red wine Sangria was yummy. It was a bit of a trek for us because we had never ventured off the Strip before, but it was worth the short taxi ride, and after dinner we walked over to the Palms. I hope Marbella's business picks up and they are able to stay around for years to come - it was a nice dinner experience.
This is yet another tapas place that has recently popped up in Vegas.   I was intrigued being that they are in the old Ruth's Chris building and I was assuming it would be nice inside.  It is nice inside although they managed to make it a little uglier by adding a lot of unnecessary fake flower/plant things on the walls...still a nice environment though. 

Yay for a free drink with a Yelp Check-in!

The food  was good.  Our table was happy with everything we tried.  The favorites were the fried brussel sprout leaves, boneless baby back ribs, and piquillo peppers with crab meet.

The sangria was better than average, but not the best around...and I tend to judge tapas places harder than a normal bar since they are supposed to exceed here.
Unbelievably great mix of food and atmosphere. Easily 5 stars. The GM and our server Chancy were very friendly and made our experience here memorable. The chef has recipes that will excite anyone's taste buds. Highly recommend the boneless baby back ribs, brussel sprouts, cucumbers and yogurt, blackened ahi and the cheesecake. Simply put, a great dining experience, a must try.
We had a lovely time here on a recent Sunday night. The staff was attentive and helpful. The food was delicious. I love Tapas and they did them well.

Don't be afraid to try anything. Some of the seemingly most unusual choices were the best in my opinion: The cauliflower is a tasty side dish, I loved the Lamb Sliders, and I enjoyed the creamy thickness of the yogurt and cucumbers, too. We liked everything we tried, including the desserts.

It is so refreshing to get off the Strip and find a good place, and Marbella should be on your list. It's in a great location on Flamingo (so, not far from everything). This should be the recharge place for locals after partying on the Strip or visitors who are tired of the noise and crowds. And, I cannot believe the kitchen is open until 3 am. Try it! -easy parking or a short cab ride.
Excellent service, nice atmosphere and yummy tapas.  And the Groupon coupon made it even better.
What a nice time.  I heard about it first through Groupon, read the other reviews, and had to try.  From the first experience it was remarkable.  The hostess was a treat, she was so warm and inviting, it was like "sunshine",  The service was responsive, yet not over bearing.  The food was very good, and not over priced.

If any negative...I would like a bit more description on the menu, as I had several questions, and the server did not even know what some things were.  He did go and get descriptions from the chef.

Just saw another Groupon, and although I just went last week, I jumped on it.
Check it out...  it's worth it.
The red sangrias were delicious! My friend had a Vesper Rose and thought it was wonderful as well. The brussel sprouts were tasty, and quite different from any preparation I've ever had of them. They seemed to be roasted due to the earthy caramelized flavor, and the almonds were a nice addition. The crab stuffed piquillo peppers were delectable! I always appreciate a tasteful contrast in flavors and textures and these bites didn't disappoint. The pepper was sweet and soft, the crab was salty and smooth and the drizzle of sauce lent a spicy punch to top it off. The fresh ceviche was served on a tostilla round and was swooped up quickly! The chicken kabobs were generously seasoned in Mediterranean spices and the meat was surprisingly juicy. My favorite of the night would have to be the empenadas! The cheese and Spanish chorizo married wonderfully in the hot crispy dough. They were crispy, gooey, spicy yumminess! 

The staff were all welcoming and attentive. It's always nice to see people genuinely enjoying what they're doing, and it was very apparent here that they do!
It's my second visit here so let me give you a rundown of my second visit. First off, the service was a little awkward. Not sure how else to explain it.. and it didn't seem very up there, I guess. I don't know. After awhile, we got the hang of our server, though. He was friendly :). It was just a bit awkward in the beginning, haha. Another server tried to take our unfinished dishes away after we said, "just leave it." I guess she just simply misunderstood us, though. No biggie.


Small plates are $6 each.
Marbella French Fries - These were pretty good.  I'd get them again.
2 Tacos Chicken or Beef - I got beef and they weren't too shabby.

Medium plates are $9 each.
Boneless Baby Back Ribs - there's just something off about this.
Manchego Mac 'n Cheese - if you're a mac & cheese person, I guess. My friend ordered this and I don't usually eat mac and cheese so I'm not sure if this is up to par or not :b.

Large plates are $16 each.
Lamb Chops - These were delish. I probably wouldn't pay $16 for them but they were pretty good nonetheless.

We also ordered the Paella de Marisco (half order) but the rice was very undercooked and I barely touched it. It just wasn't that good.

For desserts, we got the Torta de Chocolate and that was YUMMY!!! I would most definitely get that again!! :D It has walnuts in it so beware if you're not a nuts person!

Check-in for a complimentary red sangria!
I came here with a Groupon and Yelp just happened to be having an event there that night as well.  Alas, Yelp has not seen fit to invite me to their shindigs, so I was exiled to the main dining area. Its quite a nice dining area, and there were a couple of paintings I'd love to steal. The food was good and I liked being able to taste a wide variety of things. This was my first time to a tapas place, it was a nice change. I didn't really care for the sangria, though that seems to be their special. They were nice enough to improvise me a coconut martini that wasn't on the menu.
went for dinner on a Tuesday about 5:30.....place was empty.  We ordered a pitcher of red sangria.  first thing we had was the shrimp ceviche....it was good...came with like 6 chips had to ask for more.  Next came patatas bravas....they were just slightly warmer than room temp....sent them back the second order was much better.  Next was the mac & cheese....some of the shells were actually cold....sent them back. we were brought back the same dish....just reheated.  Next was the chorizo and filet stuffed mushrooms.....three mushrooms on the plate....one was under cooked....one was over cooked....not sure about the 3rd one.....if there was any filet in it we couldn't find it....again not hot enough....the cheese on top was hard.  And now for the thing that really sent me over the edge....the pitcher of sangria....when I went to refill our glasses I noticed a HUGE crack/chip on the pitcher.  We talked to a woman who I'm guessing was the manager....she took the wine and the mac & cheese off of our bill...you would think for a fairly new place she would have comped our check and invited us back...she didn't and we wont be back...and I will tell all my friends.  If you are looking for good tapas....stick with Firefly*  cant go wrong there!
This place was just fucken amazing. The place itself was just beautiful just beautiful. The food was to die for and it could not have been tastier and fresher. Service is what I am all about and our server just blew us out of water. CHANCY( cute blond ) just went over the top to deliver us exceptional service. I will be back here the next time I am  in Vegas.
The food isn't horrible, but it's pretty underwhelming compared to the other options for Spanish fare in this town. The prices are also a tad out of whack. For example, the Chorizo / Filet stuffed Mushrooms are a "medium plate" and cost $9.00, but what you get are three mushrooms smaller than a golf ball. I don't know how the waitress dropped it on the table with a straight face. 

The service was polite, but definitely slow paced. (This, in and of itself, isn't a bad thing --just something you should know before coming in.)
Good food, nice atmosphere, great service! We purchased a Groupon for $40 and it was enough to cover our meal and 1 drink each with a bill of only $7 (plus tip, of course.) 
The star dish was the Brussels sprouts! I know, weird. I love them, my husband usually hates them, but we both agreed these were the best dish of the night. They peel the leaves off and bake them like kale chips...so good!! We also had the shrimp ceviche which was good...just the right amount of spice. I had the mac n cheese, which was pretty good. I think I'm spoiled by my own recipe. My husband had the beef skewers, which he said were good. He upgraded to the "Marbella fries" but we're thinking maybe they forgot to upgrade...they tasted like regular old fries. We both had the red sangria, which was good. 
I'm giving 4 stars for the customer service and atmosphere. Our server was very attentive and the owner came over to see how our meal was. Our server also told us that there are 2 sides to the restaurant with a more lounge-y, hookah bar, DJ, salsa dancing side through some glass doors. We popped our heads in but it was early in the night so there were just a few people at the bar. 
This would be a fun place for a girls' night out and they also have salsa lessons on Friday nights. Can't wait to come back!
Make no mistake - Marbella is no Firefly. If you keep in mind this one simple rule and manage your expectations accordingly, you can have a perfectly tasty meal and a good time.

After an enjoyable and rather wild Elite event, my wife and I decided to return for late-night happy hour tapas and sangria. The sangria, served in a wine decanter, doesn't come close to Firefly's but it gets the job done. It could be improved by adding lots of fresh fruit in the decanter instead of the small bit they put in the glass.

The food was hit-or-miss. The chorizo empanadas were delicious, the shrimp ceviche was, well, shrimp ceviche. The gambas al ajillo was enjoyable but not as much as its Firefly counterpart. By far the biggest disappointment was the Marbella fries. They sound incredibly flavorful on the menu's description, but the actual product is a huge letdown. Perhaps it was because it was so late at night, or they had run out of fresh potatoes, but the fries were obviously a store-bought, frozen product with the barest amount of truffle oil and cheese added.

Marbella is off to a good start. With some tweaks to the drinks and the food it can be a great neighborhood tapas bar.
We had a great girls night here!  Decided to try it out because they were on groupon.  We sat in the bar and we were practically alone.  The resturant is in the old Ruth Chris so it's very nice inside, we kinda felt bad as we were talking and having tapas and sangria & people in the dining room were probably trying to enjoy fine dining?  Small menu and it doesn't compare to firefly sorry, but still the sangria was tasty.. we tried both white and red, I preferred red.  The bartenders were awesome I have to say... we ordered pitchers of red sangria and he was nice enough to bring us samples of white.  They make the sangria in house so at least it's not from a bottle.  The food was good... more greek influences than Spanish.  Some of the favorites:  EBrussel sprouts,Lamb Sliders, Shrimp Ceviche, Steak Kabobs, Gambas al ajillo, Empanadas

When the DJ came on we ended up staying and had a great time.  A new bartender Brandon came on shift and he was awesome!  Very friendly and took care of us.  
Overall I like that it's not as crowded as Firefly and close to home for me... I will be back
I finally had a chance to try this restaurant the other day, redeeming my $20 for $40 Groupon in the process.  I definitely agree with a lot of the reviews, and this place gives Firefly a run for its money.

I arrived at 5:05pm, and the doors were still locked even though they open at 5pm.  A girl came to the door and opened them, and I asked if we were ok to eat, yet.  She said yes and seated us, asking us 20 questions in the process.  "Table or bar?"  "How'd you hear about us?"  "What do you want to drink?" 

I told her about Groupon & Yelp, and she told us she was famous on Yelp.  Her name was Chancy, and looking at the page now, I see she's right.  Definitely a good attitude for a server, as I gave her shit for all of the questions, and she gave me shit right back for complaining about the questions.

I asked for her top 3 favorite items on the menu after the standard "everything's good here" and she recommended the brussel sprouts, the piquillo peppers with crab meat, and the boneless baby back ribs.  We got all three along with the ahi tuna daurade, a small paella, and the lamb sliders.  All items were excellent, with my favorite being the ahi tuna.

Our bill for the 3 of us was around $75-$80 before the Groupon, but I feel like we had more food than we needed.  Seems like it's slightly more than Firefly, but the food came out fast fast fast, so definitely worth it in my opinion.

I guess they also have happy hour, and they're open til 3am, so there's a few other pluses in there, too!
This restaurant is much nicer and more upscale than one might expect given its location in a scruffy shopping plaza.  We started off at the bar nursing glasses of red sangria while enjoying the music of Spanish guitarist Ricardo Griego.  The sangria was excellent and free courtesy of two coupons I printed off the Vegas4Locals website.  After listening to him sing and play several songs, we moved into the beautifully decorated dining room where we ordered the following:

1) cheese and chorizo empanadas - light and flavorful (3 Forks)
2) piquillo peppers stuffed with crab - small portion considering the price (3 Forks)
3) lamb sliders - a bit dry due overcooking, but otherwise delicious (4 Forks)
4) cucumber and yogurt with toasted pita chips - refreshing (2.5 Forks)
5) boneless pork ribs - a cloying BBQ sauce and a bit tough (2.5 Forks)

We used a $40/$20 Groupon plus the aforementioned coupon good for free sangrias.  After seeing some of the photos on yelp, I am planning to go return and order a paella.
Arrived at 630 on a friday and were seated right away. Staff was attentive and polite.
The calamari and epanadas were awesome, the fish tacos and paella were mediocre.  I have been to firefly, and honestly the food here isnt quite firefly level.
4 stars for decent food, fantastic service and good ambience .
Diane was the grand raffle winner at a recent Las Vegas Yelp Elite party here.  So, armed with a $50 gift certificate, we arrived with friends.  And, Diane will also be receiving a private cooking lesson from Executive Chef Marco Beltran very soon.

As at the party, smooth Hummus made with Tahini and ladled onto Pita Chips was a nice start, accompanied by very good Fried Calamari cooked with peppers.  A cold Shrimp Ceviche was excellent.  And, a cheese-covered Onion Soup was real rich in flavor, and had well-caramelized onions, but was somewhat winey in taste.  Caesar Salad was very good, with a nice crunch to it.

My entree of a full order of Paella Valenciana, with chicken, Valencia Rice, saffron, chorizo, and bell peppers was good but I didn't notice any green beans in it as advertised, and the chicken was overdone.  Thin French Fries were very good, and others at my table enjoyed their well-prepared steaks.

A dessert of Torta de Chocolate topped by Vanilla Ice Cream and Chocolate Sauce, with strawberry slices on one side of a moist warm Brownie, and pieces of pineapple on the other, was an excellent end to our meal.

The restaurant's ambiance of lush contemporary decor amid Spanish music with a flamenco beat was both elegant and comfortable, while the service was amiable, very efficient, and unobtrusive.  As a special plus, right after meal's end Chef Marco emerged from the kitchen to warmly greet us.

4-1/2 stars overall!
The food here is simply not good.  As some of the other reviews note; this is nowhere near the same level as Firefly.  The only thing that was good was the chorizo empanada.  Other than that the food was lackluster.  The shrimp tastes like it was overcooked, or that they bought shrimp that was precooked already.  The seafood paella was horrible, the rice was hard, not al-dente, but hard.  The calamari in it was crusty and dry like it was sitting out, and the shrimp was not head on shrimp as described, but yet again the precooked/overcooked shrimp.

The service was good, and our server was very nice.  As for the ambiance, it was more tacky trying to be classy than upscale as I expected, lots of cheap fake plants everywhere.  

I'm lucky I came on the Groupon, because the poor quality of food is not worth the list price on the menu.
I found this place on groupon and when I walked in I thought the place was nicely put together, even though the person did not sound too polite when I made my reservation over the phone. Food was blend and over priced. $9 for 3 little stuffed mushrooms. The buns on the lamb sliders were burnt. I've had better. Water was not refilled even once during dinner. Will not go back ever again. The only reason they even got two stars is because the place looked nice.
I've been wanting to try this restaurant since i saw the chef do a cooking demonstration at Whole Foods, which included Shrimp Ceviche and Manchego Mac & Cheese.  Both were delicious.

I came here on a Tuesday night around 6:30. There were about 8 people in the entire restaurant, which is large and elegantly decorated.  We were seated immediately by the hostess.  

Once we sat, the waiter introduced himself and asked if we wanted a drink.  I ordered Cava and my husband a glass of red wine.  The selection by the glass was simple but well thought out.  According to the waiter there was some "technical difficulties" with our drinks.  I am not quite sure since there were only eight people in the entire restaurant and should not be hard for a bartender to pop a cork or to use a corkscrew. Nonetheless, we got our drinks after our first tapa.

I like the format of the menu, offering small, medium, and large plates, which cost $6, $9, and $16 respectively.  The price points encourage diners to try several dishes, but if you are not the mood to share most of the medium plates are sizeable enough to be a single persons meal.  In addition, the menu offers charcuterie platters and paella.   

The first several tapas started off promising, but my husband and I both felt the beef dishes were over cooked, using tough (cheap) meat, and even came out cold.  The chorizo and cheese empanadas were good, but hey, anything fried is good, however, not very "chorizoey".  The beef tacos were OK... little dry and bland, a dish I would pass on next time if I ever go back.  The Gambas al Ajillo was probably the best dish, but white shrimp does lack flavor and overall there was no heat to the dish despite chili oil in the ingredient.  The steak kabobs either was missing or didn't have enough red wine demi to counteract the dry, chewiness of the meat.   The carne asada salad was a decent portion, but again the meat with dry and chewy, Luckily, I had the dressing to add moisture.

According to the chef during the Whole Food demonstration, the desserts were made in-house, so my husband ordered the coconut flan.  My husband said it was, "superb", so I had a bite...it was definitely well made and definitely the highlight of the meal.


Will I go back, probably not.  However, in all fairness,  I do think there were so many more "signature" dishes I didn't try, which could have potentially swayed me to feel differently.  Some other reviewers are comparing Marbella to Firefly's, which I don't think it is a equal comparison, but if you think it is, Marbella has won that comparison hands down.
Very cool decor and ambiance make this new restaurant a great place to enjoy some tapas and drinks with friends. Located west of the Palms, this restaurant packs a diverse menu, happy hour choices and yummy spanish dishes for you to enjoy. I visited this place to see some friends play live music and, although the place was almost empty (not a happening place (yet) on a saturday night), I think if they stay on the right path customers/business will definitely come. Here the play-by-play.

Service: Showed up at about 9:30 and was greeted as I sat in the bar area. I had a server come over and offer me a drink, and since I received a free sangria by checking in, that is what I ordered. Server was very attentive, cordial and knowledgeable about the menu! I ordered a tomato mozzarella salad per my server's recommendation and it was pretty good.

Food and Beverage: The barman was nice enough to let me try both the white and red sangria before making my decision, but I am saddened to say neither was anything to write home about. The sangria seemed bland and tasted a bit watered down so do NOT order it. My friends ordered cocktails which looked like they were mixed generously. The tomato-mozzarella I ordered was great and all the ingredients tasted incredibly fresh, and the rest of the menu offers some yummy-looking dishes for $7,$8 or $9 according to plate size-- pretty awesome pricing structure.

General opinion: COME SUPPORT THIS LOCAL RESTAURANT. I will certainly be back to try some of the other dishes and experience lunch or dinner soon!
Absolutely great tapas if u don't mind waiting 45 mins get the paella love it. Gotta try...and the server Dominic is the best
First time here and I was really surprised to find such an elegant restaurant inside this strip mall. I hear this was the old Ruth Chris's and I can see that. 

We were greeted by several staff passing by the hostess stand and when the hostess came back, she took us to our table. It was a booth, I like booths.

Our sever was named Dominic, and I have to say he was awesome. Informative, honest, friendly but professional. We pretty much ordered all the popular menu items he suggested. 
Small plates: 
Brussel sprouts which is not the typical cut in half and sauted, it was fried Brussel sprout leaves tossed with a vinaigrette. It was good and different. 
Cauliflower with garbanzo, cashews and cabbage. Definitely something I can make at home but it was one of those simple dishes you can appreciate. 
French fries... Because it's Regina's favorite. There was supposed to be truffle oil but I didn't really smell too much of it, but I am a little sick and stuffed up..
Medium dishes
Ribs are cooked 6 days and it becomes so tender, the meat falls off the bone, so they serve it boneless. It was tasty and a good portion for the price I think.
Gambas was the other medium dish, which was ok. I was expecting the shrimp to be prawns. The sauce was like a buttery lemon sauce but nothing exciting. Maybe if there was actually spice in the sauce, instead of a chili for decoration, I would have liked it more.
Dessert
Chocolate torta came with banana ice cream and walnuts. The menu said vanilla but I actually liked the banana better. You don't get banana at too many places which makes made me think they made it themselves. The chocolate cake was warm and kind of gooey but I like mine oozing out. This was more like a warm cake with a soft center. 

I would definitely come back, and I would look for Dominic the server/bartender. Also, I want to check out their happy hour.
Came in here with my wife with a Groupon. Our server had asked us if we had ever had a sangria and we told her that we never had. She brought us out 2 samples each. Really nice. We placed our orders and sat and waited. The Marbella fries were nothing special, but once I got my seafood paella it was wonderful. I thought that it was the best thing I had tried in a long time. So many wonderful flavors. After the food was served our waitress was hard to get back to the table. Paying the check was as difficult. That was a turn off, but I will be back because that paella was delish!
I got a groupon to Marbella a while ago, and I was excited to finally use it. A friend and I came in to eat dinner at 6 on a Sunday; it wasn't too busy. We were seated and given the menu. We then waited about 5-10 minutes for water, and then another 10 minutes for our order (I wasn't sure who our waiter was, so I just asked after a while a lady to take our order). 
The food was fantastic! We ordered the shrimp ceviche, lamb sliders, shrimp kabobs, and Brussel sprouts (which were the best I ever had). We then decided to order two more items to complete the groupon. She ordered the Greek salad without feta (she's allergic) and I ordered the calamari. The salad came out with small bits of feta on it, so I decided to just take that home. After another 15 minutes of waiting, I asked our waitress to just wrap up the calamari to take home as well. I got home and was excited to have a piece or two of the calamari- open the box and its a melty chocolate ice cream mess. Specifically didn't ask for dessert, and now I am craving calamari :-(

Great food, but unfortunately the service left something to be desired.
I've been to Marbella several times prior to last night. Typically indulging in some delicious Brussels Sprouts, Cheese Chorizo Empanadas, Chicken Kabob and a Cheesecake to die for.
Last night got real busy at Marbella with several people who made a scene and disturbed others. People who made reservations had to hear the inappropriate grief of others who had to wait since they didn't make any reservations. People with that type of deemer can really ruin the experience for others.
I ended my night on my third delicious sangria and a full tummy. Expect me back, I still have to try several items on the menu. Love you Marbella
This place was awesome, I had the cheese chorizo empanadas and the chicken kabobs. Very impressed. Expect me back.
Three of us had tapas in the bar at 6:30 on Friday night.  We ordered a combination of seven small and medium dishes and eight drinks.  The bill for all was a very reasonable $107.  
Our favorite dishes were the Brussel Sprouts, Chicken Kabob, Patatas Bravas and Serrano Ham Plate, but the Crispy Chicken, Mini Taquitos, and Fish Tacos were also excellent and more than we could finish.  
Service in the bar was good, but even the waitress from the dining room came by to speak with us as did the owners.  We particularly enjoyed the fabulous Flamenco guitarist, Ricardo Griego.  
Altogether, this was a satisfying and enjoyable evening.  We will return!
Bad. We took my grandmother to introduce her to tapas. The menu was good and the prices were agreeable. But the service, oh the service! Our food came out pretty late and wasn't flowing like tapas normally does. We got the fries and the noodles first, then waited 15 minutes for the peppers... Then waited 15 minutes for the macaroni. Think, though, that we have a table of 4. The ceviche wasn't too great and the food appeared to have been waiting for a while when we got it.  The guac with the fish tacos had started to brown a little. 

We didn't even get two of our items. And it took another 15 minutes to get that written off our tab, then to get the check. And we had to ask 4 times...

I'd really like to give this place another shot. But the service might have killed it for me.

Oh, and regardless of the amount of customers, please don't make excuses. There were other tables looking around for servers and the party didn't have any servers in there either. I'm wondering if people called out or if the service is more of a problem than just with us.
Menu ordered:
Sangria.                              3/5
Shrimp Ceviche                 2/5
Brussel Sprouts.                1/5
Paella de Marisco.            1/5
Torta de Chocolate.          4/5
Total F&B score                 44%
Staff  Service.                     5/5
Cleanliness of bathroom  n/a
Ambiance-romantic.          5/5
Total Service                      100%
Overall (F&B 60% + SVC40%)  66.4%                                 

I am a little confused what type of cuisine is this.  It's more Mexican than Spanish after tasting the food. 
Food and Drink Critics:
The SANGRIA is very different taste from real Spain Sangria that I have ever tasted in Spain, but not too bad.  It has its own unique characters.
SHRIMP CEVICHE
The cilantro in  this dish was a bit too strong which makes it more southern America style.   The fried banana was not salted evenly.   
FRIED CALAMARI was hot but greasy and soggy.  Ranch sauce was too runny and not cold enough.  
FRIED BRUSSEL SPROUTS was too greasy and not fried evenly. 
PAELLA DE MARISCO was overpowering with red pepper.   The burned taste of the red pepper took over the whole dish.  The flavor of the seafood was did not came out in this dish at all.  The seafood was probably put into the oven and cooked at the same time with the rest of the dish.  As the result of the main concept of the seafood didn't come out as nicey as it should have been in compares to the real Spanish ones.  The rice was more like a undercooked risotto the. The real Spanish rice.
TORTA DE CHOCOLATE
If you like bitter choloclate, you may like this desert.  The combination between the hot cake top with a scoop of venilla ice cream with some fresh fruit was  a balance taste to it.  However, I am not a huge coconut fan, somehow, this desert reminded me of a German chocolate cake was a bit of a minus point for me.   

STAFF SERVICE:
The service at this establishment was outstanding.  The staff was attentive and patienly asking for our opinions.  We gave the above critisim to them and they promise to bring our critisim to their chef.  

AMBIANCE:
There was a life music performance playing in the background.  It can be a real fun place to be for a group party or a dating choice.  This place has nice dining area and a bar area with high chairs with tv.    

OVERALL
I enjoy this relaxing nicely decorated place like this.  In terms of food, I  am a bit critical.  I would give them a second chance to see how different it is on a more busy day.  Perhaps, the back of the house has a different chef or the cooking technique may improve.  I will give them a benenfit of doubt after my first viist.  I was here on a Thursday evening about 6:45.  The restaruant wasn't busy that night at all.  Total setting of the guests did not exceed more than 15 guests.  (converts to table count: approx. 5-6)
great food, great service, romantic ambiance
I came here once before and gave this place 4 stars, but this time it was a 5 star experience.  As far as dining goes, this is what we ordered:

Fried Calamari - $9
Ahi Tuna Daurade - $16
2 Beef Tacos - $6
Lamb Beef Sliders - $9

In total, the food was $40, which was perfect as I had purchased a $20 for $40 Groupon before arriving.  I had the ahi tuna last time, and I think I'll order this dish every time I dine here.  It is simply the perfect ahi tuna.  Good size, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Honestly, it's a steal at $16.  The other dishes were delicious as well, with the jalepenos in the calamari a nice surprise, as were the sweet potato fries that came with the sliders.

But the 5* experience really came from the bartender Ryan.  My buddy Tim had originally asked our server about the Riesling wines, and he didn't know the answer, so Ryan came over to chat with us.  He let Tim try two different Rieslings, and they discussed the merits of each.  When he settled on which one to get, Ryan returned with not only a glass of wine but two samplers of their sangria, the red and the white. As we ate we chatted a bit more with Ryan about scotches and specialty cocktails, and we'll definitely be coming back in to see what Ryan is capable of.
We came here because Debbie N Groupon was expiring and was pleasantly surprise to see how elegant this restaurant is.  Earl C got a drink so we hung out at the bar for a bit while waiting for Debbie to arrive.  While we were there, a musician on his guitar were playing many popular piece.  It was quite relaxing.

When Debbie arrived, we were taken to a table by a very friendly hostess.  The booth she took us to was covered with paper, which was pretty neat.  

Then came the most upbeat, friendly, informative server I have yet to encounter...Dominic.  With his suggestions, we ordered the following:

Small plates:
-Brussel sprouts - was fried, crispy, and tossed in a light vinaigrette.  Earl's favorite.   
-Cauliflower with garbanzo, cashews and cabbage - simple but delicious.  Gives us ideas on making a side dish at home. 
-French fries - I always order french fries at tapas places...my own little tradition.  It was good, but I was hoping for more truffle oil... 

Medium dishes
-Cooked for 6 days Ribs- Debbie's favorite.   There are maybe four pieces, but each was so tender and flavorful.  Very delicious.  are cooked 6 days and it becomes so tender, the meat falls off the bone, so they serve it boneless. It was tasty and a good portion for the price I think.
-Gambas de ajillo-  There were medium sized shrimps, but did not meet my expectations.  

Dessert
-Chocolate torta - this was a warm chocolate cake with banana ice cream and walnuts.  It was ok.  Not something that I would ordered again.  Wasn't ooey gooey, but the flavor was there.

Conclusion:  We would come back for the happy hours!
First off, as some reviews point out, this is not Firefly, so don't expect the same thing. We have been there twice now. First time we had a waiter named Rasberry who had to be one of the least attentitive waiters we have ever had. When you return to a restaurant hoping not to have the same waiter, that is not a good thing. The second time it was a girl named Chancy. What an improvement, a huge one. She was awesome. Took time to explain and recommend. We tried the empanadas and brussels, both excellent. Also had the cevich was was prety good, and a few skewers.The rice dish served as a side is excellent. I think the only thing we did not care for was the salad that comes with some meals. Th dressing is kind of bitter/tangy and there is something else in their we did not like, some spice. But all in all, a prety decent place. Much more subdued and quiet that Firefly, but fills it's own niche.
Absolutely amazing food and service ! Tried 5 different things , all great . Server and bartender were really helpfull and friendly . Made us a speciality shot . Definitely going back .
Had a great meal. Started with the house Tempernillo wine which was great. The bartender said that I had to try the Brussel Sprouts, so I did. They were crazy good!  
I will come here again when I am back in Vegas.
Went to Marabella Tapas Bar after receiving notice of a Groupon which was $20 for $40 at this location. The atmosphere was good for a Tapas Bar in a strip mall. I would have to say the food was very good and I would go here even without a Groupon. The service is a different story, I sat in the bar area and was virtually ignored until finally Brandon (the server/waiter) came by with his unenthusiastic attitude, he never came and checked on me I had to continue to look for him when I wanted to order something else and he never smiled once, it's almost like he didn't want to be there. Overall if you can get past this particular server you will enjoy it.
Oh my gosh.  Went to Wine and Canvas event with my friend Amy held here.  First of all - thanks for the free sangria for checking in at Yelp.  That was awesome. :)  The white sangria is my favorite though I had both red and white.  Here's what we had:

Huevos Estrallados (2 over medium eggs on chorizo string fries)
Chorizo and Filet stuffed mushrooms
Hummus with Tahini served with pita chips
Smoked Tuna Sashimi

The prices during happy hour are amazing.  For regular costs it's small plates for $6, medium plates for $9 and large plates for $16.  We didn't have any large plates but the small and medium were well portioned.  

The Huevos Estrallados were TO DIE FOR.  I wish I had some right now.  The hummus was very yummy, smooth and garlic-y.  Tuna delicious and Chorizo stuffed mushrooms were lovely though you only get 3 which I thought was a little lite.  

Service was ok - a bit snobby but not too bad.  Great ambiance.  I would definitely come back - the food was amazing.
the bf and went here for date night after we got the half off groupon. We came on a sunday night, so it wasnt very busy. we were seated and waited a little long for our drink orders to be taken. the waitress was very nice and went through the menu. We got:

Brussel sprouts - it had an unexpectedly bitter flavor, almost as if it was burnt

cheese and chorizo empanadas - it tasted a lot like the bean and cheese burrito from taco bell

gambas al ajillo - the sauce was pretty good, especially with the bread

shrimp kabobs - the shrimp was so salty, it burned my lips; the salad was tossed with a ton of lime juice, so it was super sour. the rice was the best part of the entire meal

pasta duo - i forgot what kind of pastas they were, but the only flavor i could taste was the from the crap load of cheese they smothered on them. bleh.

i probably wont go back without a groupon. the service was pretty good, although there were a few times we were left waiting. the food was not that great, youre better off paying a similar amount for better quality over at firefly.
Came here with a travel zoo coupon during our visit to LV.   We didn't walk out of the building until 11pM. from out 8:30PM reservation.


Below was our time line

9:15 Fries came out cold

9:20 Calamari (came out hot and tasty)

9:23 Tomato sourdough (not sure what to say just sourdough and spread of tomato) , Baby ribs ( had too much sauce) 

9:23 onion soup arrived. ( IT WAS VERY VERY SALTY ) that we had to return it and order something else. 

9:43 steams mussel and fettuccine( again VERY SALTY) 

9:55 Rib eye (was ok), Shrimp Kabob  (over cook)

9:58 Cauliflower replacement of the onion soup (very tasty but too oily for my taste)

10:17 Paella (NOW WE ORDER THIS PAELLA WHEN WE SAT DOWN AT 8:45) She stated it take 45min, when we ask her again it was 10pm. this was not acceptable and it was not as good at all. It was over cook. 

10:43 dessert coconut flan and chocolate torta ( i think this is the only thing that they did not mess up.

One of the marketing person did came by and ask how was their food and we did tell her the truth that everything on the plate was service to us was salty. Not sure if the chef had a bad day. The only thing that i give a 3 star was the waitress that was serving us that day. I think she was the only one working on friday night.
Great sangria! Yummy food! Nice atmosphere. Good service.
Marbella was one of those restaurants for me that you wanted to try, but at the same time you weren't so sure on pulling the trigger by going. Suddenly a LivingSocial appeared and it seemed that I had little to lose to try it out!

Walked in and saw that it was busy! Couples everywhere, if you're one of those couples that like to make fun of the lovey dovey stuff that others do, then this is your place to be a creeper. The environment is definitely not somewhere I would eat with my dad, especially if they have instrumentals of love making songs playing. Waiting a few minutes at the hostess stand was not a big deal, it either meant they were busy touching tables... or inattentive. 

During my experience I had to wait less than 10 minutes on a Friday night for a table, not bad! The food was "okay", definitely did not experience any stand outs and the same applies to the Sangria. The poor service was the predominate flavor of the night. Had asked if we could upgrade the fries on the Ahi Tuna (way over seasoned and overcooked) to the Marbella fries, which we received an okay for, but alas did not happen. The ceviche did not blow any minds, edible, and a decent portion size. I'm glad that I had a LivingSocial, because if I had paid full price for what they serve as paella I would be devastated. A few other dishes were ordered, but they slip my mind.

I did not see my server too often, only when she brought the menus, when she saw I didn't get the fries, promotion, and bill time. Sometime during dinner the we were informed of a Facebook promotion they had, which we had an option of getting a small plate, sangria or a desert. The bill however  showed a Facebook promotion line, but had a $0 value, thus being charged for the dessert. The server didn't believe me when I had told them they charged me, but after a few minutes, it was corrected.

The disconnect from the staff and  non soul reaching food tells me I'll probably skip my next opportunities to come back.
yummy food. nice service but very weird being the only ones in the place... they are pretty new
Went here on Superbowl Sunday. The Food was great and service was amazing. was not busy at all however this gave the server more time to entertain us. will go back soon. 

check this place out.
The woman who seated us was pleasant, the waiter had a great knowledge of the menu....it was very promising!  Until were were served our first plate, shrimp ceviche....and my friend got a hold of a pepper and was left without water for over 10 minutes.  The ceviche was OK...the chorizo stuffed mushrooms were great as were the lamb sliders.  My only complaint is the waiter, he was a bit inattentive.  The restaurant wasn't busy and the couple across the way had excellent service from their waitress.  Maybe our guy was having a back night.  I'd eat there again, with a groupon or other deal...I wouldn't pay full price unless I was sure the service was a one off.
The lamb sliders are bomb! and i got the paella marisco it was pretty good too.. i'd definitely go back.

**make sure you get the half off coupon from groupon before you go
I LOVE this place!!! I love their food, service, and the ambiance!! I'm a regular!! I go every weekend for their happy hour specials!! I wish more people knew about this place!! I plan on having their lamb chops tomorrow for dinner!! Their Sangria is AMAZING!!!
Unfortunately it didn't live up to its hype in my book. The selection wasn't extensive. We ordered the crab stuff peppers, smoked tuna, fries, steak skewers, coconut flan n chocolate cake for dessert. The crab was fishy and tasted like it was from a can, the smoke tuna was okay but not thrilling, the skewers was a bit on the burnt side, sadly the seasoned fries was the most enjoyable dish we ordered. The flan and cake were decent but not great
We stopped here after finding a travel zoo deal for $35 dollars.  It included 2 small plates, 2 med plates and 1 large plate plus two glasses of sangria.  I figured it would be low rent since the deal was so cheap.  Boy was I wrong!!  The food was amazing!  Manchego mac n' cheese is awesome along with the calamari. 

If you are in Vegas and looking for a nice, quiet place to take your lady for some quality time and great food off the strip, this is the place to go.
Average food for average prices.  I came here with a $30 for $15 deal from Groupon and if I was actually spending the listed price on the menu, I would definitely not be satisfied.  Since my meal was basically half off, I would say that the food was okay and well worth it, but I would not spend more than that. 

I ordered in total about 6 dishes worth $90 that I paid $45 dollars for, and out of all of them I only liked the calamari.  Every other dish was either meatless, tasteless, or overcooked. 

The restaurant was absolutely stunning and nicely decorated.  The lights were dim and perfect for a date, if the food was better.  

The server was very attentive and friendly, one of the better servers I have ever interacted with.
Ok, it was my fault for not checking the happy hour menu on yelp. It was completely empty at 6pm for happy hour in the bar on a weekday. They were out of blue moon and out of stella artois. Sheesh, what kind of bar are these people running? Opted for water instead. Ordered every dish on the happy hour menu except for the quesadilla. Portions seemed itty bitty, unless I was just super hungry that day or it was so dark in there I couldn't see the other half of my plate. The best thing was the steak tostadas which had a sweet red cabbage slaw with it. The potatoes were good too, but they were just roasted potatoes with spices and sour cream, hm... was potato really worth $4? 
For not having that many customers, there was 1 other table in the bar area and 1 table in the regular restaurant area, service was S...L.... O...W. 

I overheard the other table and you can not combine a groupon or living social coupon with happy hour specials. It's one or the other discount. 
Overall, trying it once was enough.
Food was cold. Not like beautiful pix. Very bland and slow service on a very slow night.
We've been 3 times to Marbella in the last 2 months. Mainly because it's less than a mile from home & they are open late. And we are looking for an alternative to the other tapas place that has become way too popular. 
The good: 
prices are decent, service is attentive & the food is decent. Since we don't eat seafood I cannot speak for that but the chicken/steak skewers were tender & fall off the stick ; the cucumber/yogurt/jalepeno dip was smooth & creamy though for me I would have liked more cucumber/jalepeno & less yogurt but that's just me. We also had the empanadas (tasty but the crust was a little dry)  the boneless baby backs (must have) & the lamb sliders. Our last visit we ventured to the large plate selection with the tequila chicken & lamb chops. Excellent choices. Very attentive staff that kept the plates on pace. I would have liked a better variety in the small plates & dessert but as they get more popular perhaps they will expand the menu.

The Bad: Their "homemade" sangria tasted, to the 3 of us, like it was poured from a bottle and sprite added. Also their bar seating is not comfortable. They only have high top tables or very low to the ground tables. 

the Ugly: I have to mention their website. 1st, its in flash so it eliminates iphone/ipad uses. 2nd it is dark so it is hard to read - thankfully they do have the full menu in pdf format. 

Why you should go: 
Happy hour! In the bar. The mixologist is awesome. For example, my son who is still trying to find his signature drink, told him he likes the flavors of orange & vanilla & spicy - and out came a shot with all of them. The prices are really good and there is a bar only menu that rocks. 

They do have entertainment. Out of the 3 times we went 2 of them had live music. not blaring speakers that deafen you but classic flamenco giving a moment that you could actually feel you weren't in a strip mall in Las Vegas. 

3 people 3 times: the constants were the cocktails (minus the sangria) the service & the quality of food. Our average bill with 2 rounds  of cocktails & tip was about 120.00

GREAT place to stop after a night out, and they do have decent seating for groups of 8+
very poor quality food
I had a Travelzoo deal so for $36 we got 2 glasses of wine, 2 small plates, 2 medium plates and 1 large plate or a paella.  It's still available so that would be worth getting if you're coming here because I don't think it's really worth full price.  

A lot of Yelpers recommended the ribs but "dammit it if I am getting that here!" I said to myself!  I should've done that instead of the "chorizo and filet stuffed mushrooms" which were awful.  3 pieces for a retail price of $9 and it tasted like they stuffed the mushrooms with Slim Jims.  While that may sound tasty to someone who just ripped 3 hits from a bong, I wasn't down with that today.  

Aside from that, everything else was meh to average.  The shrimp kabobs were a hearty portion compared to other plates so I would recommend that.  But if you're actually paying $9 for it, Shish Kabob House is right up the street and you'd get a huge meal for $1 more.

The cheese and chorizo empanadas were a one and done for me.  It tasted like a below average taco sealed shut.  The boquerones which had hard boiled egg tartar, peppers, anchovies on a baguette would've been better if the bread were fresh.  The paella had a good amount of veggies and seafood in it but the sauce tasted like tomato paste out of a can.  It was very, very ketchup like. 

The best part was actually the chocolate torta with vanilla ice cream for dessert.  

The staff was friendly and attentive and I liked the piano man singing that night.  It made for some nice ambiance.  I would consider going back but just for happy hour.  It could also be that my wife and I ordered all the wrong things and should've stuck with non-Spanish menu items like sliders, ribs and tacos.
I simply love tapas.  I spent a year in Spain a couple of decades ago and fell in love with the food.  Unfortunately, Julian Serrano and Jaleo, although both superb, are far beyond my budget.  I was drawn to Marbella because their website is polished and very well done, and their menu prices quite reasonable.

Since I was starving when I arrived, I was happy to be seated immediately.  Because I was so hungry, I ordered a lot of different items.  And oh boy, they were all bad.  1) Patatas bravas:  potatoes looked and tasted like they had been fried early that morning then reheated, and the sauce tasted like mayo from a jar mixed with spaghetti sauce from a jar.  2) Marbella french fries: with Reggiano and black truffle oil, they sound amazing. Unfortunately, they taste like crap.  Mediocre fries, no taste of black truffle oil, and maybe three flecks of parmesan cheese, doubtful it was Reggiano.  3) Fried calamari: frozen food thrown into a deep fryer + sauce from some jar.  4) Paella de marisco: the Goya boxed paella tastes better, and I wish I were exaggerating.  Fishy, greasy, not a hint of saffron - the dish is a total disaster.  If this is authentic paella, then I'm the Prime Minister of Spain.  5) Cheese and chorizo appetizers: not good, but unlike everything else, not horrible.  Because I was so hungry and this was the only half-palatable item on the menu, I ended up getting another order.  6) Gambas al ajillo: this dish is so simple that anybody can make it well.  Except Marbella.  

Despite my voracious sweet tooth, I didn't bother with dessert because I figured it would be as bad as the rest of the menu.  Now I've learned my lesson.  Either cough up the big bucks for quality, or buy a Spanish cookbook and learn to make tapas myself.  But there's no way you'll get good tapas at Marbella.
Love this place! It's new and kind of hidden away so I'm glad a friend told me about it. There's a bar tender whose name I can't remember but every time he asked what flavors I like he made me a great drink! Food I recommend there - the sprouts, boneless ribs, mac n cheese and all the desserts. Was a lovely night out with the girls and we'll be back!
We had our wedding reception planned to be held here. We were shocked and saddened to hear from the owner that they were closing their doors. We wish them all the best. Off to find a new venue!
This restaurant has closed. Just got a refund on my travelZoo.
Very disappointed in this establishment. First off, we ordered a travel zoo deal and made reservations on open table. We took two busses to get here and it took us at least an hour to get there. It was cold and the sun was going down. It's located off the strip in a low populated area. It's located in a strip mall and there were signs everywhere saying that they were open. We walked up to the door only to find a sign that stated "We are having plumbing problems and will be closed until Friday." This left us screwed because on Friday we had show tickets. We walked  a block, flagged down the next bus, and came up with improve plans for dinner. Later we called travel zoo and found out that the place had actually gone out of business. Still we had open table reservations so you would think that they would have contacted people first? Thank goodness we didn't take a taxi. I would have been pissed if we would have spent $60 bucks round trip to go to a place that had shut down.
If you want the best Marbella experience, visit their beautifully designed website, and then stop there. Marbella crafts perfectly mediocre, unimaginative tapas. I have been here thrice and do not foresee a fourth visit - although, the stuffed mushrooms were enjoyable enough. The paella was particularly bad (dry and tasteless). The service and decor are both passable. To be safe, just pass on this place all together.
Went here earlier this year with a travel zoo deal (same deal mentioned in comments below). We had a very enjoyable experience there. The food was pretty delicious. Don't remember much but think we had chorizo, tacos, tilapia, chicken skewers, grilled veggies, cheesecake and their sangria. The mood was nice...soft band in the background, booths were spacious, the lights were little too dark though but i dont know if its just my eyes that suck. But what sealed the deal was our waitress; she was so kind and cheerful that it made the experience perfect. I don't remember her name though.
HORRIBLE SERVICE, good food, cheap prices, but damn management needs to do an overhaul on this place ASAP or it'll end up like Ruth Chris
Finally, the Henderson location is open! The location has only been open 4 days but it's the same great atmosphere you've come to expect from Firefly.
The place was full of people and we got right in without a reservation. The food was great, as was our server, Cole, who was very accomidating to our group. They're still getting final touches on the decor and some of the wines on the list were not available but only because they hadn't moved all the inventory over.
I can only hope that with two locations, it won't be such a chore to try and get a seat in the future. Either way, we look forward to visiting the restaurant often. 
Welcome to the neighborhood, Firefly!

**I stand corrected, this is the 3rd location!**

***THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED!!***
Cheers to another Firefly location! We went to the new Firefly on Eastern today for lunch with some friends from out of town and it delivered all of the great expectations we bragged to our friends about. Service was great, Food and Drink were amazing as always and the friendly manager on duty even stopped by to check in and make sure we were enjoying ourselves. Firefly has never let us down and we love bringing new people to a place with a fun, delicious menu and atmosphere. We are so excited for the new location and cannot wait to come back again. I cannot wait for summer nights on the patio overlooking the Vegas lights with a Blueberry Mojito in hand. YAY for Firefly!!!
I was SO happy when i found out this location was opening! It's really nice to have a nicer restaurant that has a full bar without the gaming machines. 
Great place for a date, pre-show / club dinner, or a nice place to meet friends for drinks and appetizers.
The nice part is, you can order as much or as little as you want so you aren't fixed into a set price. Average tapas price is about 5.00 with some of the pricier seafood options going for 10.00.
Ordered : 
apple and manchego salad - shredded green apple & manchego cheese with crushed  almonds in a very light dressing. very pleasantly surprised with this dish. thought it was going to be lettuce with some apple but was all apple but not tart. cheese & apples complimented very well.
tortilla a la espanola - had this a few times before. basically a potato and egg omelet. nothing spectacular but reliable.
pork empanadas - crispy crust and plenty of pork loaded inside. good.
chicken screwers - not much to say, good basic chicken slivers sitting on top of sauteed mushroom.
baked filets of tilapia - this dish was surprisingly spicy. cooked in herbs and garlic. menu doesnt indicate it's spicy but red pepper flakes actually provided more of a kick than expected.
shrimp Diabla - this dish was fantastic. seemed to have an asian flare, sweet, saucy, and slightly spicy. we asked for more spice and they provided Sriracha sauce! that was a winner for us.

Another great part of the dinner was that we were there for an early dinner on Saturday - 5pm, and they had happy hour, half off drinks!!! I dont often see restaurants have happy hour specials on Saturdays..

Service was very good, our server Josh was attentive and checked on us enough but was very casual and pleasant. We had 2 other people also coming around and asking us how things were on a semi-regular basis. I would have to say it was really nice not having the wait time, crowd, and too loud atmosphere of the Paradise location. 
Given we are only about 1/2 mile from this place, this will be our new regular restaurant.
Don't get me wrong for not giving this location a 5-star.  I am a HUGE fan of Firefly, but I must say that the quality of the food is not as good as the location on Paradise.  With that said, this location still deserves 4-star because it is still good enough. 

An awesome location for the 89052 zip code.  Beautifully decorated like the other two locations.  The restaurant overlooks the city.   An awesome place to hang out with friends or for a romantic night out. 

Firefly, baby.
Great scene, food and people!! This place is awesome!!
Happy Hour Monday-Friday 3pm-6pm. Half off pitchers of sangria and mojitos. I am torn between a love-dislike relationship with Firefly. They tend to be inconsistent between the two other locations and that trend runs over to their new one in Anthem. The menu is still the same, the prices are unchanged, but they have down sized the portions. 

I came here with three other people and went crazy during their HH. For $14-$15 a pitcher, it is easy to order 6 between three. That's right folks, one must be sober enough to be the DD. Don't drink and drive. More importantly, do not drink Firefly's drinks and drive. They are lethal, yet taste like candy. 

Our server, Cole, was awesome. If the drinks were not enough to make this a regular hang out, coming and chilling in Cole's station made it so. He made it clear that if we needed anything to just ask. He has a gauge for how far he can push it and with our drunk group, he saw nothing was off limits. Spunk is welcomed.

The food was good, but everything is 1/3 smaller than the other locations. Being located in Anthem does allow them to get away with more. All the usual items are on the menu. Their mixed paella is delicious, but their is no crispy bottom to scrap up. 

The view from the patio is gorgeous. If you have a small party, request it for a gander down Eastern and over to the Strip. Sitting in the back area will also allow for a nice view of the Strip. When the sun goes down and the stars come out... It is breathtaking.
Visited the new Firefly location the first week it opened! Loved everything & the service was quick :) even with a packed house ! Finally a good place up in the Henderson/Anthem area !
I'm between 3 and 4 stars here; the rating is based more on the ambiance than the menu.  

I've never loved Firefly (either the Paradise location or the former location at the Plaza) aside from some a few key things: the sangria; french fries (little bit of garlic and parmesan); and bacon wrapped dates (great smoky and salty taste).  Also, the complimentary hummus spread (with the bread) is really good; it tastes like a cross between sun dried tomatoes and almonds. 

PROS

Happy hour; it's *everyday* from 3pm to 6pm -- 1/2 off drinks (but not food), including the pitchers of sangria. A pitcher of sangria during happy hour is $16 or so. Hands down, that's a good happy hour. And it's awesome that they offer it on the weekend too. (It's like a unicorn in Vegas -- rare.)    

My favorite is the sparkling sangria. It has champagne and a nice, light peach flavor. In the Vegas heat, it's delicious.

This location is on the second floor and has a patio that has a great view of the Vegas valley. There's also a main room, a room that offshoots from the bar and a pseudo sitting room. It's a lot bigger than the Paradise location.

CONS

The parking lot. It's a small lot shared with various other businesses and not enough parking spots. The hostess said they're working on expanding the lot, which will help . . . otherwise, parking may be an issue! 

While I love the patio, it's a bit small, and fits about six or seven bistro tables. This will be fine in the winter, but not in the summertime. Those patio spots are a hot commodity.     

Overall, it's a solid hip restaurant/bar option in Anthem. I also like that you can keep it cheap with one or two small plates, or order a crap load of food. Based on the ginormous crowd on Saturday, it will (hopefully) do well in this location.
What can I say, the Gods have smiled down upon those of us in Green Valley and blessed us with a Firefly restaurant right in our own back yard. While the location lacks in parking unlike it's sister restaurants, it makes up for with the views from the window or patio seats. The food is pretty much spot on in terms of items they have on the menu, but some of the items don't seem to taste as good as the Paradise location. Granted, all this is based on one visit and this review is subject to change after a few more subsequent visits. Maybe they are still working out the bugs? But in the end, everything was very great in terms of service, atmosphere and food.
I went to the Henderson one a few Sundays ago. It was definitely packed. There was a wait, but we had a reservation (I think) So it wasn't that bad. The service however was AMAZING. In all my times going to the Paradise location I've never had AMAZING Service. The server was seriously great. He was busy but attentive. Definitely a fun sever. I went back the following Saturday and sat at the bar and again pretty good service. It wasn't busy that night, as we walked in and were able to get a seat at the bar right away.

The food is just as good as the Paradise location.  I recommend the steak skewers, Pastas Bravas (sp), and of course the Sangria is great.
Friday night is not a good night to try to meet up with friends at Firefly in Henderson. The staff is overwhelmed with the influx of people that want to try tappas. The girls at the front desk are not experienced nor seem capable of handling the crowd. The venue is much too small. When a sofa in the lounge opened up we were told it was a reserved area, sorry but I refuse to stand for an hour and a half to get a table. Enjoyed my one drink but left quickly. Goodbye Firefly, not sure I will be back.
I am so thrilled there is finally a Firefly location near my place. I wanted to wait for the insanity of grand opening to subside before venturing there myself. In the last two weeks I have been there twice, once for dinner and once for lunch, and both times I was just as pleased as I am with Paradise location. I stuck with my usual of Paradise mojito pitcher, artichoke toasts, tuna tartare and firefly fries. Everything was just as delicious as it is at  the other location. Other great things on the menu were tierra y mar skewers, filet mignon sliders, calamari and merquez. The only "miss" of the menu I have tried thus far has been the lobster "escargot" and the tortilla a la espanola. Anyone who has had homemade spanish tortilla would notice the glaring difference between the two. All in all, I will be frequenting this location a lot more now that it is only minutes from me. Yay :)
Firefly's has got to be my favorite place to eat in Vegas. Now that there is a location by my house might mean that I'll probably be there more often.

Service is 5 stars, there are always multiple wait staff on hand verifying if you need anything.

Food is 5 stars (if I could give more I would) I don't think there has been anything on the menu that I didn't like. 

Location 5 stars, the view is just amazing from the Eastern location. I've been able to sit on the patio twice.

Ambiance 5 stars, I love the music, I love the mood, the decor is very 'Firefly-ish'

Everyone should go!!!! yummm!
Firefly...you finally made it to Hendertucky! It's always busy, which is a sign of great food and they never split large party checks which is a sign of laziness BUT...the place never leaves me disappointed and always leaves me craving more.
I feel like for as long as this has been open, that there were not enough reviews, so it should be confirmed that this location is every bit as good as the one in Summerlin. I've been here twice now and each time it was delicious, affordable and enjoyable. I tried the Sangrias Happy Hour for the first time. They were tasty and a great deal. My personal favorite carries over to this location, the bacon wrapped dates. It proves the adage: everything tastes better with bacon. Service has always been very friendly at any location or visit. I tried the chorizo clams for the first time and you get a heaping bowlful for $9.50. Great location for anyone in the Southeast side of town.
Wheew! First things first..... Make a reservation with opentable.com.  Not sure how reservations work on the weekends, but if your going to pay ANY firefly restaurant a visit on a weekday, make sure you make a reservation.  

This firefly location is a pretty big spot.  The environment isn't as dark as the one on Paradise... It's brighter which makes it more livelier, and very loud during peak dinner time.   It's not as 'romantic' and intimate either, but the menu is the same & thats definitely what's most important.  

Same exact menu!!! So for more specific favorites... Check out my review on  the Paradise location. 

Some points-
-lot's of seating, Including an outside patio.  
-parking is CRAZY during peak hours:: 5:30-9:00 but luckily there is valet
-reservations on weekdays
-bar is full service which means that you can order food if you can't get a seat 
-happy hour! not sure what time??? But the do offer happy hour

It's a fun place to hang out with friends and grab a drink... AnD to EAT yummy tapas! Duh!
Come early there is always a wait bc it's so popular
I love the bacon wrapped stuffed dates and lobster escargot! All items, I've tried most everything, are tasty and beautifully presented.. The sparkling white wine sangria is the perfect accompaniment to anything! I love this place and only wish parking wasn't so difficult to find.
tow weeks ago traveled to Vegas for short vacation. then drove to henderson . luckily found Firefly by accident. what a place to dine in the middle of desert. overall had a plesant   time. will come back for sure  on next visit.
The ham and cheese croquettes are delicious.  The meatballs were okay.  The artichoke appetizer was okay.  With so many options to choose from, I will go back and try more.  But, I will have the croquettes again.
We finally have a decent place to eat in Anthem. Parking can be a bitch, but if you live in the area, it's not a bad walk - when it's not 114 degrees out. I've probably tried all their dishes - my favorites include, the dates of course, ceviche, mushroom tart, and the roasted baby beet salad. However, everything is great.  It can get a little pricey if you go overboard with the orders, but once you've identified your favorites, and especially if you go there during happy hour, which runs all week, you can get out of here at a reasonable cost.
BOOTY BOOTY BOOTY EVERYWHERE! Whoever said TAPAS were small plates--- they were wrong! Look around this place and you would think the albondigas were made from lard and Crisco. ITS FANTASTIC! MUST TRY: the gazpacho! more effective than smooth move tea!
I do have to say I love the decor of the restaurant and how trendy it was.  Since it was our first time going which we told the waiter the waiter didn't make any suggestions for the two of us.  We both have never had Tapas and we didn't even know how much we should order so we are satisfied.  The waiter didn't seem to want to help us which have made it more enjoyable.  My Mother in Law has been here 5 times and loves it I will give it a try again since maybe it was just a bad day for the waiter.
I am a HUGE fan of the Firefly on Paradise, and I had eagerly awaited the opening of the Anthem location. I waited a few weeks to try the new location as I had heard from friends and Yelpers that the service was a bit off and the waits were long, so it would be wise to let management work out the 'new place' kinks and the hype to die down a touch. 

I finally made it in on a Monday evening in July with a girlfriend for some light bites and a drink. While the parking lot was full (we got the last spot!) there was no wait to be seated. Sadly the tables are positioned far too close to each other, almost every person that walked by me hit the back of my chair (including staff). The man seated at the table next to us was so close, I almost grabbed his glass of water instead of my own once! I'd rather wait for a table with more room then sit where we were seated.

The mojitos and sangria never disappoint at the Paradise Firefly, I am happy to say they did not dosappoint at the Anthem location either... We decided on watermelon mojitos for our drinks, which were delicious! 

On to the food! We had the ham and cheese croquettes, the ahi tuna skewers and the must order bacon wrapped dates. The skewers pretty were disappointing, overcooked and underdressed. I was bummed, as the skewers were the only thing I had not previously tried... The croquettes were creamy and delicious. The dates never disappoint, however I must say I didn't find them as 'OMG LET'S ORDER 3 MORE OF THESE' delicious as I usually do. 

I rate the Paradise Firefly 5 stars. The Anthem location loses a star for the ambiance and another for the food being less-then-spectactular. I still see myself returning, sitting ont he patio and ordering different things from the menu...
3stars because it is wonderful to have a tapas bar in Las Vegas, but there should be about 10 more bars like this. So we can all do a tapas barhop. 
Portions are perfect- small plates for sampling and can be shared by 4 people as a bite, not a meal. So- thats perfect.
But the menu offerings could use some improvement. 
Had their potato something-something and it was a yech! Ordered their bocquerones- and I fell off my chair it was sooooo good! 
Firefly- where are your callos and chorizos? 
Good paellas! Great mushrooms! Super delicious grilled octopus!! Wow...
I love this place! I've been to the one on Paradise, and was so happy that they opened one in Henderson-which is much closer. This place is pretty busy, but Firefly is so popular, I would expect it to be. Parking can be a bit of a hassle and they offer valet. I love the decor. The floor is a bit slippery, not because it's wet, that's just the way the floor is. Ladies be careful with those heels! 

I've been here a few times with a friend, a group and my family. Each time the service was great. The waiters and waitresses are attentive, as are their assistants. When I went with my family, we were taken care of more by him than the waitress. Shout out to Junior! He was awesome. 

The food was wonderful! When my family went, that was their first time and they were very satisfied with the food. We ordered dish after dish. I ordered Patatas Bravas, Artichoke Toasts, Ceviche, Fries, and Mac N Cheese, which is SO good. I don't know the sauce they use repetitively in different dishes, but it is so tasty!  The portions are small, unless you order the Parmesan fries or an entree, but you can't beat the price and smaller portions means more food. Of course their Sangria is delicious! My mom and I enjoyed our glasses. We ordered the Sparkling Sangria and it was sweet and fruity. 

All in all Firefly is a great place. The location and service is great and food is full of flavor.
Have been to the one on Paradise by the Hardrock several times, this one is just easier to get to.  Nice setup, awesome bar, and it has about 10 seats outside.

Bacon wrapped dates are my favorite :) they make me happy.  I got mussels as well and they were good.  It's best if you just order a bunch of stuff and share.
Firefly was good for a small group outing.  We made reservations for  a weeknight, and when we arrived the place was pretty packed, so reservations are recommended.

Sangria is a must.  5 of us split a pitcher, and it was just enough.  We ordered about a dozen plates - including 3 of the dates wrapped in bacon.  I could have done without the blue cheese, but they were still really good.  Other favorites were the crispy duck roll, and empanadas.  We split the dessert platter which was the perfect way to end the meal.  At $32 / person, it was a great deal!

Service was great.  Our waiter had a great level of enthusiasm and offered great suggestions.  Splitting the check with a cash+2 credit card combo was really easy, and our waiter called us a cab at the end of our meal too.
For my late birthday dinner,my dear friend  y.s had asked my husband and I to have dinner at firefly in Henderson,,,honest ??? Scorned time for mr,,,first time was only drinks with my girlfriends,,,( even if we wanted a table ,,ain't  gonna happen) sooooo my sit down tapas dinner was excellent ,,,I loved every order we had ordered...I wish it was more room for my long arms and legs...even more,,,do I want  my next sit neighbors to hear every word I say at my table ???? No no no!!!! Over all I will recommend Henderson firefly to all my friends!!! Sorry miss Amy P you had bad experience ....firefly should give you a night on the house!!!!
I am so relieved that this place opened up closer to my house.  Prior to this place opening up, my wife and I went to the paradise location.  It was alway a pain in the but going there because parking is always a challenge, it is always busy, we have had to wait over and hour for a table before, and many tourists find their way there.  This new location is located in the previous location of the Rare Steakhouse (which I was sad to see go).  Although it was busy when my wife and I went, it was not ridiculously busy like the Paradise location can get.  This placed has all of the same great food as the other locations, and the quality is the same.  My only complaint was that the sangria tasted watered down, but this could be because we got there later in the evening.  All and all I look forward to having this place right down the street!
this new way of eating is definitely putting a dent in my wallet.

it "appears" to be as if you're not eating that much and hence=saving money but you're really not, lol. don't let that fool you but at the same time, definitely have your first tapas experience at Fireflies.

a lot of things are good. i mean they make the POTATOES GOOD. potatoes are such a everyday household vegetable and once you experience their chipotle sauce all slaughtered over these fried goodies, you'll be allll overrr this restaurant.

definitely have the mussels (though I don't think they're worth $7 for the amount we got, ITS JUST TOO GOOD TO PASS UP)
also definitely order the artichoke crostinis. SO GOOD 

let me repeat
SO GOOD. 

this place just loses a star because of the decor. this particular restaurant at this location is all red and the lights are dim and I suppose it sets a romantic feel but you can still achieve a feeling of "romance" without having a nearly dark/red room. I hated it.
Love this place. Food is amazing, best sangria in town but don't be fooled by their website on happy hour specials. Sure I enjoy a beverage as much as the next guy but I need some good after work. The website says "serving up free tapas" but there was no free food or food specials. Finishing this sangria pitcher and headed to elephant bar for their food specials.
My husband and I arrived early because we heard that parking can be a problem.  We had 7 dishes plus desert, coffee and 2 cocktails for about $65.  Not bad at all.  We will try other dishes next time, but the bacon-wrapped dates, lamb skewers, and fried calamari, were our favorites.
You can never go wrong with this place.  We first went to the one on Paradise and were so EXCITED when they opened one in Henderson.  Tapas is such a great way to go as you can try so many different things but beware, some plates (Salad, Fries) they are more then a Tapas place and OMG the Paella is the BOMB.  It takes about 40 minutes to prepare and the menu says it will feed 2 to 6, REALLY???  We had 5 people and still brought half of it home.  This was an awesome dish but is for a party of people unless you order nothing else but in a place like this THERE IS NO WAY YOU CANNOT ORDER ANYTHING ELSE!!!

Everything here is top notch, they do get very busy on Friday and Saturday nights but you need to try this place several times, it is just that good of a place.
My wife and I, along with a few close friends, finally decided to check out this FireFly location to see what all the hype was about. My verdict: worth the hype!

The only thing I didn't like about this place, and I can't really fault them for this, is that it is very popular, and as a result, it will be crowded and you will have to wait. Now, given that, everything else is fantastic; including the bar, where you can go and wait until your table is ready. The bartenders are friendly, fast, and knowledgeable. They had a pretty darn good scotch collection and some interesting drinks for the wife.

We were sat after about 20 minutes. Again, this wasn't too bad, since we were hanging out at the bar having a few drinks. Now, I'm not a small guy--I am 6'2" and weigh 220lbs. I was deathly scared that this place, being tapas and all, would not leave me feeling full. Boy, was I wrong! For the same price you'd pay for a meal at any other similar restaurant, you'll leave feeling just as full, with the added perk of being able to try so many different delicious "mini-dishes." The food was excellent and was brought to our table in very timely fashion. The wait staff was friendly and efficient. They took the time to explain some of the dishes that my party and I were unfamiliar with, and they did it with a smile and thorough explanation, along with personal reccomendations. The atmosphere is cool, modern, and trendy, though it might be a bit loud for some people. 

Every time we have friends from out of town visiting, the wife and I bring our company here.
This review is for the new Sunday brunch menu, recently started at Anthem and Summerlin location. About 14 menu items, tapas style priced between $2-5 and also a drink menu that includes $20 all you can drink from anything on the menu. Every item I tasted I loved, but my favorites were the patatas bravas, lemon-ricotta pancakes and huevos rancheros. Only reason I knocked off a star is, I could easily rack up a $40 bill ordering the same thing a couple times, kinda dangerous. I did enjoy my food, I would return if I were craving Spanish tapas for brunch again.
This place is amazing! I love being able to try lots of foods, and this place is perfect for that. All the tapas dishes ranged from $4-$10 and usually serve about 2 people, sometimes more depending on the dish. Was here on a Friday night and it wasnt too busy, which was perfect because my BF and I were starving. Even better, service was quick! Heres what we had:

Apple & Manchego Salad - sliced up pieces of apple and cheese mixed with some green onions and a light dressing. I just love how this one looked and I was kind of surprised by how well everything tasted together.

Chicken Salad - pretty much your typical chicken salad served on endive leaves with some bread on the side. It was good, but in comparison to the other things we had, this one wasnt very memorable. But the bread was really tasty!

Stuffed Dates - one of our favorites! Dates stuffed with ground up almond and blue cheese wrapped in bacon. You get 5 pieces with this one but youll definitely want more! Im getting hungry just thinking about these!!

Stuffed Mushrooms - pretty good overall. I thought they were a bit greasy, but the taste was good. Not exactly sure what the mushrooms were stuffed with though... bread crumbs, bell pepper, and yumminess.

Crispy Duck Roll - another favorite of ours! The duck was so flavorful. The outside is similar to an egg roll. Wasnt too greasy and just filled with duck, no veggies on this one. You also get 4 pieces here. 

Eggplant Cannelloni - this one seemed a little small compared to our other dishes. The cannelloni's were about the size of my ring finger, but the taste makes up for it. Stuffed with goat cheese and topped with a tomato basil sauce. Cant go wrong with goat cheese!

Lamb Skewers - probably one of the bigger dishes. Comes with 2 skewers with 3 pieces of lamb on each. I thought the lamb was a little tough, but wasnt gamy tasting at all. The skewers were served on top of a bed of lentils with tomatoes. I wasnt too thrilled with the lentils. I thought they were just too flat compared to some of the other great flavors we had, but the bf enjoyed it, so maybe its just me.

Theres also a pretty big selection of dessert items, maybe a dozen or so. But we didnt have any room for dessert after all that. Ill have to make sure I save room next time. I live is So Cal, but anytime Im in the Vegas area, I WILL be stopping by here. Cant pass up such tasty food!!!
This place is overhyped. I went during the day with a group of people and tried many items off the menu. Other than the bacon wrapped dates, there was nothing stunningly delicious or even memorable. I was surprised considering all the raving reviews. Additionally, the space is cramped with the tables too close together, and the decor is drab. Again, I was surprised. Red walls with a couple of Spanish looking paintings of some woman with more red. Seriously, the hot atmosphere everyone's so enchanted by, well that's all there is. I've actually seen those paintings somewhere else, I just can't put my finger on where.  What I do remember is thinking about how drab and crappy they looked the first time I saw them. 
As far as drinks, I had a Watermelon Mojito which was decent and refreshing. Service was decent. Not bad, not great.
Menu was hard to order off of. Lots of foreign items with no pictures or much of anything to help clarify. Just long lists of ingredients after each item.
I was so underwhelmed by my experience that I didn't want to take the time to leave a review but I'm aggravated because everyone's taking on an arrogant attitude for having "discovered" tapas and this place is just not the be all end all of worldly taste.
This location has more variety of menu than the one on paradise (which I used to love going to after work since it's like mile away from the strip where I work at..) so I was kinda lost looking at the menu n my bartender Kelly was nice enough to recommend about 5 different tapas for me to try n I loved every single one of em he picked out for me! My blueberry mojito was little too strong (cz I don't usually drink..) soon as I mentioned to him he put more simple syrup n made it sweeter too :) it was the PERFECT brunch I had in a long time n I will return Sooo~n again for sure! "Thx for the outstanding customer service to all the staff!" they always make me feel so welcome here ;)
Everything on the menu incredible, atmosphere is buzzing and servers are quick! Delivery can be a little impersonal as many different runners are bringing food to the table. This is my favorite location, I haven't had a bad dish yet, yeah for bacon wrapped dates!
I'm a big fan of Spanish tapas.  You can get many different small plates of different kinds of food - what's there not to like?  Just like their Paradise location, this place is crazy-busy.  Parking was impossible so we resorted to valet.  This spot was like a revolving door of restaurants - business was bad for them but I think Firefly is here to stay which is really good news.

We got the stuffed dates, tomato bread with manchego cheese, Firefly fries, ham & cheese croquetas and filet mignon sliders.  Had a great dinner here as usual.  Seriously, you can get whatever's on the menu and you can't go wrong.  The only thing that I wasn't too happy about was that they don't have lobster escargot but it's on the menu.  I was told they use scallops instead of losbter.  So, shouldn't it be scallop escargot then?  The bread they use for the tomato bread is quite thin making it soggy after a few minutes.  Normally, authentic Spanish restaurants would use thick slices of bread.

But anyway, banana Nutella sandwiches saved the evening.  Hooray!

This is a tapas bar so expect noise...sometimes, a lot of it.  Service is mediocre.  But I guarantee, the food is good.
the chorizo stuffed mushrooms are a must and the staff is always friendly.
One of Vegas's best restaurants has moved to a really nice location, but it does have a few issues. Came here with a few friends and this food here is pretty much the same as it is at the other locations.

We ordered the standard fare, firefries, sliders, mac n cheese, bacon wrapped dates, banana nutella sandwiches, all of which were great. Food wise, its just as good as the original on Paradise. Consistency is awesome.

This is probably the nicest/most private location of the 3, its located on the second floor of a building on the south side with a perfect view of Vegas. Huge windows line the entire north side of restaurant and you see the entire strip. However, there is almost noooooo space to park. Firefly shares the shopping center with a few other business and it has a tiny parking lot that sucks to navigate. Some people park on the street, or a neighboring lot, wherever they did, it suckkked!

Also, I think the restaurant might be smaller than the original, not sure, but this one seemed way more packed, we waiting for atleast 20 minutes. Blah, though getting there and waiting wasn't very fun, getting our table and getting food was a breeze and was just as expected. Definitely worth checking out and will be back.
Great Tapas! The bacon wrapped dates are a must Atmosphere/view=great, although I do recommend windexing the glass_view of the city, hand prints everywhere.
Nontheless,  Food is amazing and I would recommend this place to anyone ! Seafood is fresh and plating and presentation is great ! Good Job chef!
Now if you know me, you would know that Firefly is literally one of my top favorite restaurants in the valley.  I love the original location on Paradise for many reasons:  The drinks, the staff, the food.  Well, after hearing about this new location in Henderson, a group of us decided to come here for lunch to celebrate the start of a new employee.  My thoughts of this place:  it wasn't the same...it was just ok.

First off, the staff is super nice and accommodating.  The view is wonderful.  It's up on Eastern, pass Horizon Ridge on the way to Anthem.  It's located on the second story of a building and literally overlooks the strip.  My first impression was that this would be a great date place that offered a dramatic view.  

For the food, however, I wasn't thrilled at all.  We got a lot of stuff and here's what I thought.  First off, my favorite dishes to get are the stuffed dates and the lamb skewers.  With the dates, I know I'm going to get bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese, sitting in a wine reduced sauce.  I thought the sauce was not as sweet as I'm used to and really oily.  For the lamb skewers, I definitely think their temperatures were off. I asked for medium done and got a medium well lamb which meant dry meat.  Also, talk about under seasoned.  A little salt and pepper goes a long way.  We also got the camarone a la diabla, which are pieces of shrimp sitting in a pool of sweet chili sauce.  It was ok, just not the same as the paradise location.  The stuffed mushrooms were dry, chicken salad was good, just didn't offer the same greatness as the original location.  

As you can tell, I wasn't really thrilled about the food, even though we spent over $200 that day (thank goodness for work meals).  I don't know if that was just that day or if that's a common theme.  I have been hearing that from others, so maybe it's consistent ok food and not what I expect from Firefly.  Definitely curious to hear others' thoughts about this place.
This place is the best !!  Great sliders, ham & cheese croquetas, Mac & Cheese, stuffed dates (OMG),chicken skewers & shrimp in lemon garlic butter sauce. Everything we had was unbelivably good !!!!  This is only our second time here and would love to have Firefly back home.  We will be back the next time we're in Vegas.
While visiting my family we had a great meal at this location (6 people). Parking was kind of a pain; the lot didn't seem built to hold the amount of cars that would visit this area. Also, if you never been there before make sure you use the stairs (or elevator) to get up to the restaurant. We were able to make a reservation and were seated immediately.  Our waiter was awesome.  Friendly service and very quick. No messing around. Your order and food keeps coming and coming. The drinks were good as well. Check out the menu. There is way too much to mention and everything was excellent on our visit. Here are some of the dishes we had, trust me, they were all great! 
Apple and manchego salad
Sausage plate
Tuna peppers
Steamed mussels
Chorizo clams
Lamb skewers
Empanada
Crispy duck roll
It goes on....the one thing I did not like, but this is what you get at most tapas restaurants, is that the food is brought out so quickly, like an auto line. I feel like you can not truly enjoy your meal with so many people and so many dishes. You are rushing to eat just to clear room on the table. This is no fault to Firefly, it is now on my return list when I visit Vegas again!
The Third Day of Christmas.

Firefly's location in Henderson is in that crazy busy retail zone off of Eastern Avenue, filled with  a multitude of restaurants, stores, and traffic.  Being a fan of Firefly for a while now, this was my first visit to the Henderson location.  First of all, the parking lot is small.  I was lucky to get a space near the entrance, but my date du jour had to park "..in the next county," as he called it, actually on the other side of the complex.  The restaurant is located on the second floor of a building that has a bar/lounge on the first floor (not Firefly's).  It's smaller compared to both the Paradise and W. Sahara locations, but I'm happy to report that the service and food are the same.  I had the requisite Stuffed Dates, the Apple and Manchego Salad, and the Manchego Macaroni and Cheese.  The guy ordered the Crispy Duck Rolls, which I didn't try, but he said were dry.  I enjoyed my selections, as usual--I've eaten at the other Fireflys enough to know what I like and what I don't.  Eating here is, for me, a no-brainer for those times when I just want to have something familiar and good and it's nice to know there is an option for this side of town.
I love Firefly.  This location is more of a family environment compared to the one on Paradise.  If you're going with friends for a good time I recommend the Paradise location.  If  you're going with family including kids, come to the Eastern location.  Either way, food is always great!

1 star = Sangria!

2 stars = the free bread; nothing tastes better than their butter!

3 stars = bacon wrapped dates....best I've had out of all the tapas restaurants I have been to.

4 stars = manchengo cheese which is in their ham and cheese croquetas and their mac and cheese; so good!

5 stars = escargo scallops!  yum!

If you want to go somewhere with lots of variety but aren't feeling a buffet, this place is for you.  If you want to go somewhere to tantalize your taste buds, this place is it!
Came here with my girlfriend over the summer, as her and her fiancee frequent this place often. It was SO good. Having lived in the Mission in San Francisco, I've had some bomb tapas. But the flavors here were just SO rich and awesome, it out-did any other tapas I've had before. The bacon-wrapped dates and their butter/bread seem to be classic hits here and for good reason- they are delish. We sat outdoors and the view of the cityscape was pretty. I'd highly recommend for any occasion- a date, a group outing, whatever. Food, prices, service and atmosphere are all great!
Food is excellent! Great variety of flavors. Nice atmosphere. Parking is tight on S. Eastern location. Prices are perfect and very friendly staff.
Oh so yummy. The stuffed dates and then little potato croquettes. So good. We had been to the other location and the sit to go here as much shorter, which was nice!  The sangria is tasty and the food is pretty dang delicious. Definitely recommend.
Three things about this place, parking is a bear.  Second price is kinda high for what you are getting.  and finally what you do get is quite delicious.  Iknow it is Tapas and portions are supposed to be small but some of the dishes like the scallops get stuck to the serving dish and make eating them more difficult.
While spending the New Years visiting my Dad in Nevada we decided to venture off the strip and explore the dining opportunities near his home in Henderson.

The reviews for Firefly caught our eyes and we were not disappointed. The bread/olives to start is great and the quality and value of the tapas were top notch.

The hit of the evening for our group was the paella. For $16 it was a ton of food and the taste was amazing. It really was great to start the meal with the small plates and then finish with the rice. If you are in the area, in the mood for quality food, and not looking to spend a fortune, Firefly will not disappoint.
Today is my daugher's 35th birthday.  We wanted to have the "Jazz Brunch" at a local restaurant.  We walked in and sat down.  No jazz, just tv's blaring a football game.  It went dowhill from there.  So $25.00 later, we walked out and drove down the street to Firefly.  It was the best thing we could have done.  The football game was on, but in a different area of the restaurant.  We sat in a comfy booth, had great food and wonderful service.  Thanks Firefly, you saved our celebration!
Okay...we finally made it this weekend to Firefly as my girlfriend kept mentioning it...her indirect way of saying she wants to go to a place.  I had not been crazed about going because I don't think the Paradise location is that far to drive to and I know the parking issues and layout of the building from past restaurants who have occupied this space.  We waited only about fifteen minutes for a table but clearly were in the way as bar/waiting area is in traffic pattern to and from kitchen.  We actually were seated at a couch table which is so low you don't have a view of anything except the TV playing Fox News???  Overall, the food is not as good as the Paradise location which is even more disappointing when you get the bill.  I have to say I hate the layout of the parking, the building, the way you have to exit back onto Eastern, etc.  I have checked this one off of my girlfriends bucket list and when we have a hankering for tapas will go to Paradise location or somewhere else...actually miss tapas restaurants back in Chicago and suburbs thereof.
This is a great place to bring a group of friends, or to go with a few co workers. Everything is served family style so that you can share the small portioned items. It's just little appetizers, but if you get enough people together, you can get full and satisfied quite quickly. I tried a few new things when I went just to see.  I will definitely go again and I do recommend this place to anyone. I will say, this place has an upstairs location. There is an elevator for those who cannot use stairs. It is in a good, safe neighborhood and not too far out of the way.
great tapas!! yummy food, fries were really good and mac n cheese!
Love this place, and fortunately its a favorite of everyone in my family. 

Its begun to be a favorite of many others too... Last night the wait was 45 minutes, but always worth it. Noticed last night that the folks in Sun City Anthem have discovered why this place has branched out through the valley... 

Ordered the usual, and added a few new tapas to try out.. 

You can't eat at Firefly without eating the Bacon Wrapped Dates.. 
Bacon, Dates, Blue Cheese & Almonds, nuf said.. 

Filet sliders - tender, soft bun and flavorful, Tuna stuffed pepperdews - my favorite!
Lamb & Mushroom skewers - tender grilled lamb & mushrooms served over lentils.. Tasty! 

Usually get the Gazpacho, but decided to try the Tomato Basil soup since it was cold outside.. Soup was good, however I think I was expecting more of a cream base. 

Firefly fish sticks, according to my family were just average. They have had them before and said they were much better. Understand it happens every now and then. 

Great place to people watch and try foods you may not have tried before!
Drink specials are great however, if you like fried, frozen food, and reheated than this is your place.
Love that they've opened up a new location in the south!  It's got floor to ceiling windows and a wonderful view of the Strip.  In comparison to the other two locations this one would have to be my favorite - it's more spacious and it's got more of a romantic feel.  
 
Come for happy hour where drinks are half off and order yourself a pitcher of sparkling sangria.  And if you're up for it, order some tapas as well.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu as everything tastes pretty delicious.  

Great place to unwind after a long days work.  That sparkling sangria is just magic.
Refer to my review of Firefly on Paradise: http://www.yelp.com/biz/firefly-las-vegas-3#hrid:LtIOJ9nAHBd0tos_ivWWOw

This is my favorite location of the three in the valley. It's a nice open space (mostly because of the floor-to-ceiling windows) and I think it's a great spot for big groups (although the SW location does have a very nice private room). We have done several gatherings at this location for 8-10 people and the space and staff are accomodating. The parking is a little tricky, just like their Paradise location, but they also have valet on busy evenings (I haven't really decided whether this is a good or bad thing).

During one particular visit late last year, my colleagues and I reserved a table for 11 and were informed that each person had to spend a certain amount of money or a set menu had to be created. Not cool. I knew that most of us would likely spend a decent amount of money (our bills have typically been $30-40 each), but we didn't want to force others to spend the same amount. Anyway, I haven't run into this problem again because now I always make reservations for ten and play it by ear (you always have one or two friends that don't show up).
This is a terrific place to meet with friends, especially if you like sharing. I have never had a single order that wasn't delicious, and their drinks are fantastic. Pitchers of mojitos or sangria, and a happy hour that is one of the best around. Can get crowded on weekends and during the times you'd expect, but I haven't had to wait more than 5 minutes even then.
Tapas are such a prefect meal for those that want to try a little bit of everything on the menu.  I won't get into all the food that I tried over this past weekend but I will point out some highlights of this great meal.  

First things first.  DRINKS!  The happy hour here is awesome.  Half priced drinks.  A friend and I decided to share a pitcher of the Blueberry Mojito.  What a great deal for $15 bucks (reg price $30).  It was the only drink that we needed since we were the only ones who were drinking it.  Highly recommend!

The food was good.  We literally tried a little bit of everything.  I loved the bacon wrapped dates.  I probably could have put down at least 3 orders myself but I wanted to be adventurous and try something new which I did.  I never had an anchovy in my life until I came here.  We ordered the Boquerones [Spanish white anchovies on toasts w/roast red pepper, yellow pepper vin], which was an unusual taste.  The red pepper and the avocado that was placed on it overpowered the anchovy.  I probably won't order this again but its good to try foods that are outside of the box.  The Ahi tuna skewer [mango, basil, mustard-ginger glaze], was overcooked.  It was still good but could have used less time on the grill.   The steak and mushroom skewers[grilled filet, roast garlic cream, red wine reduction] was a little chewy.  It was still good but even the knife had a hard time cutting.  

Overall this was a good meal with an awesome happy hour.  The small plates make the experience of trying new foods more fun and if you didn't like the plate then you wont feel as bad if it was the only thing that you ordered.  I will definitely be back to try more of this great tapas creations.

Cheers
I have been to the original Firefly a number of times and the one that used to be on Fremont Street.  I thought the Fremont St. location was the best but this one on Eastern far surpasses the original, in my opinion.  I just think the space is much bigger and better.

We went here on a Saturday night and I had called the day before to make reservations.  They told me, no reservations on weekends and yet, when we arrived they asked if we had a reservation.  Interesting.  We were told it'd be a 30 minute wait for a table unless we could be out by 7, then only a 5 minute wait.  Very interesting.  We took the challenge.  

It was still happy hour when we sat down. Half price drinks!!  Since the pitchers are ridiculously overpriced I thought it was a steal to grab one for happy hour.  They don't have any beers on tap but they do have Dogfish and Samuel Smith in a bottle so that was nice.  Our waitress was on top of it and even made sure to give us last call for HH at 5:59.  

I thought the food was either the same or better than the location on Paradise.  None of us had any complaints about it.  This spot has a nice view and, other than parking, is a great place to hang out with some friends or even take a date.  I'm a fan!  (Oh, and we made it out at 7:01 and they didn't call the cops.)
I have never been disappointed at any of the Firefly locations...and this was my first visiting the Henderson location.

Outside of some major parking issues...give up and just use valet.  It prevents you from waking from a dirt parking lot next door.

The place is upstairs and very popular with locals....great views, fab tapas menu, bottomless pitchers of Mojitos and a wait staff that is quick, courteous and truly wants you to enjoy yourself while there.

Get their early for a good seat, otherwise the wait time can be pretty long...and there's no fun waiting while you hear people laughing, while the smell of food and alcohol is in the air.
Just as delicious as I remember.

I wrote a review for the other Firefly location on Paradise, but what the hell I'll write another one for this location :D

I went with 4 other people to dine here for lunch, since I heard dinner is always packed.. and plus we were busy at night anyway. So when we got there at like 2 PM or something, EMPTY. Ok, like 5 other tables were there, but otherwise EMPTY! Which is great for us, no wait for table and barely any for food.

We got:
- Fries
- Skewered ahi
- Ham and cheese croquettes
- Manchego mac and cheese
- Albondigas
- Tuna Tartare
- Chorizo clams
- Fish sticks
- Stuffed mushrooms
+ Complimentary bread

Between the 5 of us, this was the perfect amount of food. We actually got like 3 plates of bread and the honey butter because it was SO GOOD. And so free. I would recommend ALL of the above items, especially the ahi and tuna tartare.. and.. just.. all of them. And more.
I had heard lots of good things about Firefly, so my friend and I decided to check it out on a Monday during happy hour (which is from 3-6 everyday). 

They have a very large menu and lots of things to try.  Here is a list of things we got-

Stuffed Dates - [bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese] These were highly recommended on Yelp, so I tired them and yummy!!  I loved them. They had a great sweet and savory taste going on. I absolutely loved the crunch of the almond as you bite in to the date. 

Stuffed Peppers - [Spanish piquillo peppers, fresh mozzarella, garlic cream cheese, tomato sauce] I enjoyed these as well. They had crunchy onion strings on top which add really good texture that the soft pepper and cheese needed. 

Baked Tetilla - [roasted tomato and tetilla cheese fondue with chorizo, toasts] This I really would not order again. Just was not my favorite. It had an off taste and the toasts were not toasty, but soggy from being placed in the cheese.

Ham & Cheese Croquetas - [serrano ham & manchego cheese] This was one of my favorite items of the night. The breading was light and crunchy and the filling was wonderful. Little bits of ham and melty cheese!! Mmmmm...my mouth waters now just thinking about them!

Chicken & Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms - As far as stuffed mushrooms go they were good, but I don't think i'd order them again. Nothing that special about them.

Steak & Mushroom Skewers - [Grilled filet with a roasted garlic cream & red wine reduction] We got these cooked medium rare and oh boy they were so yummy. The steak and mushrooms were cooked perfectly. Dipped in the sauce it was pure heaven on a stick! I'd for sure order these again!

I also had the sparkling sangria. Which was a very reasonable price due to happy hour and very refreshing.

Now for the service and atmosphere part of the evening- I got there around 4:45pm. It seems to be the shift change time cause there was a slew of employees walking by my table clocking into a computer or gathering their stuff and clocking out. The kitchen is open-style, but where my table was, I felt like the three waiters who were waiting for their orders were just standing there staring at me. It made me feel very uncomfortable. I think they should have their employees clocking in and out at some other place and not in clear view of customers. At first the service was fast, but as they got busier, they got slower. It took about 10 minutes to refill my friend's soda and even refill the water. 

I had read on their Yelp page that it was not a place for children, yet there were two different couples that brought toddlers and a newborn baby. I feel that the review is correct and that it is not a place for children. I go to a place like this because it is an adult environment. This is not Applebees! I do not want to hear little billy banging his fork over at the next table. If they don't have a kids menu you should not bring your children.

Overall I really enjoyed Firefly! I totally would go back again. But maybe i'll ask to be seated at a table not so close to the kitchen.
Tapas are dreamy. Service was perfection and the prices weren't bad I my opinion.  The spinach salad,  dates with bacon and blue cheese,  lamb chops, artichoke toaster and muscles were off the charts. We ordered more tapas that were all delicious but I mentioned my absolute faves. Nothing was less than delicious.  

One and only issue was parking. Parking is horrible there. I could not see fit to take off a star because of the parking because the service and food made it ok.
Have friends in town and need a hot spot for party of 6 or more?  Firefly is the place to be, just call to make reservation since they do take reservation for only party of 6 or more.  

We only had 4 people in our party so we had to wait to get a table.  We decided to wait at the bar.  The bar is in the back, which is quite strange since majority of the restaurants, it would be toward the front.  Anyways, we had to walk pass diners eating at tables before we reached the bar.

Half an hour later, our table was ready.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria and each ordered our favorite items on the menu to share.  It was a bit hard to communicate across the table since the ambiance is that of a night life.  However, the food was full of flavor.  Our favorite is the lamb sausage.  

Therefore, if you are looking for good food, good sangria, Firefly is the place to be.
I have tried to like this place. I have tried to agree with the copious amount of positive reviews and friends that want to drag me here. But I cannot tolerate it anymore. 

The food is just awful. Not just a little bit bad. Not just a let down. But really freaking bad. I can't understand why this place has so much traction. (Yes Bacon wrapped dates are good, but I can make that taste good as well. It's not freaking hard. It is BACON)

I have always subsribed to the.........Sangria and alchohol make food better.....theory on this place.

But you can't even get a decent drink here anymore. I literally drank 2 pitchers of mojitos at this place, and nary a light hearted moment. I tried get the waitress to put a little alchohol in the mojito, and each time she gave me the obligatory "we make em so good you don't taste it" line. I'm calling BS. I paid a premium penny for a sugary syrup and some mint leaves. 

I'm going to be jerk here. All you people that give this place a positive review don't know your @#$ from a hole in the ground. 

And for the record, I have no vested interest here. This place just sucks and I can't stand hearing people rave about it anymore.
Visited the Eastern location - great view, some outdoor seating. We had a pitcher of red sangria, one of my favorites!  We tried several tapas - Ceviche, stuffed dates, Firefly fries, manchengo mac and cheese, tierra y mar skewers, camarones diablo, calamari. This required a second pitcher of sangria, of course! Everything tasted so good! Service was also good.  Check your bill, though! I didn't realize until after I left that they hadn't ajdjusted the bill to reflect their happy hour prices.  I'll definitely return!
WOW**** This was so good. Bacon wrapped dates, shrimp tempura, steak skewer's and the french fries. everything was great. We wanted the paella but didn't want to wait. Then we saw it at another table and I wanted to kick myself. we will return for the paella.
My husband and I make Firefly the spot for special occasions because it is an absolute favorite. We usually go to the Paradise location, but for this Valentine's lunch we went to the Eastern location. 
The warm spinach salad and tuna peppers were delicious. We ordered the $12 fruit and cheese platter. This was definitely an overpriced dish as there was very little cheese on the platter. The strawberrries were mushy and the apple slices still had the fruit stickers attached. Yuck,
We had better service from the busser. Our waiter walked right past our table to a group that sat down after us to take their order. He rarely stopped by our table and seemed bored everytime.
I was told that this place has a similar vibe as the Yard House, but that isn't the case in my opinion.  Firefly has a more intimate atmosphere that isn't centered around television monitors.  The food is served a la carte which can be pricey considering that the portions aren't very large.  But the quality of the food is up to par.  My favorite dish would be the  bacon dates. Bomb dot com.
I guess I'm finally a local, because after 7.5 years in Vegas, I ate at a Firefly.  I don't know how I've missed it, as it's been super popular.  But, finally had lunch at this one.  It was good, but I was not overly impressed.  This is a 3.5 star review.  I can't go up to 4, but it was a good lunch.

The bread was warm and had a nice compound butter with it.  I don't eat olives, but there were olives as well.  Good bread service, and it was nice to dip in the tomato sauce later in the meal.

The wife got the tomato soup with the brie grilled cheese.  I don't usually like tomato soup, but I wanted to try it.  The soup needed salt (something a lot of dishes lacked) and the grilled cheese was not grilled enough.  It too was on the bland side.  The adult fish sticks were overly done.  They were either burnt or the recipe calls for them to be fried too long.  Also, the spicy tartar sauce was lacking in heat.

The shrimp tempura was a winner, although I didn't care for the sauce.  They are large and the tempura breading was good, not ridiculously thick as tempura can be.  Also, it adhered to the shrimp well.  This dish is served with tempura fried green onions and carrots, which were great.

The meatballs were solid.  The parmesan kind of melts into a blanket on the top, making it difficult to remove one meatball from the dish without taking all the cheese with you.  

The ham and cheese croquettes were winners.  I will order this dish again, and maybe 2 of it.  Perfectly fried (as opposed to the fish sticks) and a nice tangy sauce.  

The manchego mac n cheese has been built up.  I've heard about it from several diners.  And, it largely lived up to its reputation.  I liked the peppers on top, they tasted to me like peppadews.  This is something we will do at home when we make mac n cheeses.  

All in all, glad I went, and I certainly will return.
Very cute tapas bar.  My husband and I came for a quick date one evening and it ended up being happy hour! score!  half off drinks.  food was all quite tasty.  Nice place to catch up with some friends or to get a quick bite to eat.  You are also able to sample lots of foods too since the portions are small.
Went there with my boyfriend for our Valentine's night out. This was my first tapas experience and it was a good one. We ended up ordering 7 different things. Even with them all being small plates we were definitely filled up and quick. We had a lot left over too, not bc it wasn't good, we were that full! Next time we def will only get maybe 5 dishes. The place was packed but the food came out one right after another and was unbelievably good. I had to try the bacon wrapped dates that everyone talks about and they did not disappoint. Also the filet & ceviche are must haves. I will be going back for sure! I took away 1 star only bc even though the food came out with a quickness, we werent really asked how it was at any point and the drinks are extremely overpriced.
Great place to meet up with friends for dinner! I was hyped up for this restaurant because of all the other yelp reviews and I was a bit disappointed. We ordered many of the dishes off the menu such as the stuffed dates, steak skewers, scallops, fries, empanada, etc but nothing really stood out for me. I did enjoy the stuffed dates, the almond in the center was a nice surprise! I would come back one of these days because there is one right by my condo and try more of the items
I can be accused of being too critical from time to time, but I'm going to continue forth with an unexciting review for a local place that seems to have gone the way of many chain restaurants . . . and while expansion is great for the economy, it's not always great for the food.  Once upon a time, the menu at Firefly was excellent, and the execution was great.  Service has always been an issue, and it's not any different now.  The Eastern location is actually very nice - great views of the city at night, although if you're not a resident of the Anthem area, it'll be hard to notice and could be considered hard to get to.  Parking is not so great or plentiful as some the Firefly neighbors seem to get a little testy about which spots belong to who.
In any case, the ambience is very Firefly - swanky, dark and a little sensual, same as the other locations.  The staff is generally personable, but very slow and somewhat disinterested in your dining experience.  It struck as almost being drive-thru like - they're trying to turn as many tables as possible, which means getting your order to you and you out the door.  
The food is still good, although not excellent.  The bacon wrapped dates are more like charcoal wrapped raisins - I recommend a pass on that dish.  The roasted beet salad however is very good albeit very simple.   I've had good days and bad days with the mushroom tart - on a good day it's to die for, on a bad day, the pastry dough tastes like it's been in the freezer six months too long, and the mushroom sauce like it's been in the can too long.  Tha ham and cheese croquettas however, those have been consistently delish.  Those are a must have for me every time I visit.  
Which brings me to my last point - this review seems very critical and sound like I'm disappointed in Firefly, and I am, but that's only because it used to be so much better, but it's still good . . .  not great, but good.   It's a good spot for a dinner out with friends, great for takeout when you don' t feel like cooking dinner, and a decent spot for happy hour.
Came to this location last night for a friend's bday and after visiting the original Paradise Road location several times almost two years ago, I was excited!   The location is on Eastern just past Sunridge Heights Pkwy. It's upstairs and there is an elevator or stairs if you're capable. I love this location more so than the original because it felt more open.  The windows are large, the space between tables is plentiful, and there are a couple different rooms. The original one seemed boxed in and tight fitting.  We ordered many different items and over the course of two years, my palate has changed a bit, so I was more adventurous last night. I ordered the tuna tartare plate which was a big mound of tuna sprinkled w/ black seasame seeds, mixed with avocado and a very tasty dressing/marinade. Could have used a bit more dressing/marinade for my taste buds, but they may have wanted to highlight the tuna.  It was good, and was served with taro chips. Nothing gross, just tasted like a crunchy tortilla.  I really wanted to try the eggplant cannelloni and the ahi tuna skewers/kabobs but with everyone else ordering dishes and all of us sharing, we all reached our stuffing point. Next time. The house made sangria is great, and we also ordered mojitos which was great as well, not overly sweet.
This location isn't so hot.

Unlike the one located closer to the strip, the one in Henderson lacks the Spanish feel. The paella here is always dry...Service is usually mediocre. The last time I ordered my favorite Chorizo and Cheese Stuffed Mushrooms they weren't cooked--let alone even warm. The Tuna Tartar was nice and fresh. However, it wasn't anything special. A little of seasoning wouldn't have hurt.
Visited on a Sunday at about 10:30AM.

Service was slow.

What really got my attention was the less than stellar initial impression and lazy follow through. 

During this this one and only visit to-date the server seemed to be too busy or was just fumbling through his duties. Had to be asked several times for a glass of water which took halfway through the meal to get.

Whether management assigns too many table per server, are just concerned with filling tables or employee sick calls was the reason is of course speculative but nonetheless directly affect customer impression which determines future business.

Food was good...not much else to say besides the two others in my party did not rave about it.

Like another restaurant in my reviews the outside cityscape view, if seated accordingly, was decent.

May give them another chance but with all the competition in Vegas we'll see when, if that ever happens.

Again, service did not measure up in comparison to area Mexican restaurants.

Yes, I did notice that this establishment seems to have a healthy 4 and 5 star round-up so you may as well try.
Went with my fiance to Firefly in Hendersen for the first time last night. 

When you walk up the stairs at night you look to the left and see an awesome view of the Strip. The atmosphere is lively on a Friday night and the decor is warm. 

For tapas we tried:
 - Ceviche of Shrimp: I thought it was good, but nothing overly special. It had avocado in it which I haven't seen done before. I enjoyed that part, but I felt it was still lacking something. It just seemed like someone mixed avocado, shrimp, and onions with lime juice. Not bad by any means, just nothing special.
 - Apple and Manchego Salad: Nothing too special with this Tapa either. My fiance got it for herself and I had a couple bites. I felt the apple a bit overpowering, but the flavor wasn't bad. 
 - Artichoke Toasts: AMAZING! Everything from the aioli to the hearts was excellent. This will be the first thing I order when I come back. 
 - Manchego Mac and Cheese: Excellent Mac and Cheese. Great flavor of real cheese and a good level of saltiness. 
 - Crispy Duck Roll: Tasty! The duck was ever-so-slightly overcooked, but the hoisen sauce made up for it. Great flavor. 
 - Scallops Escargot: These were pretty good. I was hoping it would be standard sized scallops, but they were cut in half. The garlic and herb sauce paired really well with it though.

We also tried their Mojito. It had great taste and went down smooth. One issue though, the mint wasn't really muddled. It was just put in there. While it still had a minty taste, it could've been better with more genuine mint flavor. 

All in all, we will definitely be back to try their other tapas. Well worth the visit and I'm definitely a fan.
Service was less then good, they are more interested in turning tables then good service. I ordered a extra dry martini and all I could taste was vermouth, sent it back and second one came back worse. We had to flag down one of 8 gum chewing busboys/waiters for some water, we knew this was going to be a challenge as several attractive girls had sat down near their station. They became very distracted and service suffered. Finally our waitress took our order, tuna tartare, tilapia, meatballs and stuffed mushrooms, 3 out 4 showed up, waitress never came by to check on us only to ask if wanted dessert. Was hungry as I left, they need a real manager or like every previous business there they too will fail!!!!
Uhhhhmazing. Such a variety of food, you are never restricted with one dish. Get everything on the menu.
LOVE the firefly but the extra drive to paradise will be much better served. The kids who staff this location are slow, uninterested, inefficient, and inattentive.  For tapas style dining especially, that kinda ruins the experience. Poor management sense; poorly run business.
The mushroom torte is fantastic. We are vegetarians and have a hard time finding a good veggie friendly place to eat. This restaurant is very accommodating and has many delicious dishes for us.
First time me and my hubby try this location. We were in the area and looking for a good place to have dinner and wow were we happy we came here. We came during their happy hour and we were told drinks were half price. At this point my day has been made but then the food came out... The bacon wrapped dates were to die for..the server suggested to us an off the menu option called the crab claw corndogs.. oh my taste buds were they delicious!  The apple manchego salad was a perfect combination of  crisp apple and creamy cheese. The server was super happy to suggest things for us and he did not disappoint . Next time we come we will definitely be requesting to sit outside as the view is kinda of amazing and probably be ordering the paella. We saw one of those suckers walk by and the smell was intoxicating:)
Food bland, server a bit disinterested. Won't be going back
Wow ... what a great place! It was crowded! I'm from LA and wanted to get away from The Strip. My friend recommended this local spot and it definitely hit the spot. It was really busy.  Kind of strange that there are no pagers/buzzers for this place, but the Hostess said she would come find us at the bar area.  I was skeptical, but okay.

Started the evening with a pitcher of white sangria. YUM! It could have had more fruit, but it was refreshing nonetheless.  About 30 minutes later and 2 couples who got there after us were seated before us, I asked the hostess how much longer it would be. It was clear that she forgot. Intuition correct! As a result, minus 1 star.

Delicious: The bacon wrapped dates are great, as well as, the apple manchanga salad. However, I would do the salad at the end of the service, instead of the beginning. It's a great palate cleanser. Only okay: The lamb skewers with lentils were good but the lamb was a bit charred. The eggplant cannoli was also good but the goat cheese overpowered the dish. Beef empanada was okay. YUM: Dessert: banana nutella sandwhich and pistachio gelato. All that for under $40. Great pricing. 

Definitely worth checking out.
Been going to Paradise Location...It's smaller but BIG on taste/flavor !!!! Henderson location is bigger...great view and always awesome food...tasty...delicious...yum !!!! Sierra y Mar is one of my fav...lamp chops...calamari...and so on
Having been to the Firefly on Paradise a month and a half ago, I was really excited to find that there were other locations in the valley not quite so crowded and busy. So, we made a reservation to celebrate our anniversary tonight, and unfortunately, this location was a real bummer compared to the other one.

Wish I'd noticed that a bunch of the reviews on this location appear to be for the Paradise location, not the Anthem location BEFORE we made a reservation. If you're reviewing here, people, this is the Anthem location we're talking about! :)

We started with the baked tetilla and smoked salmon toasts. The tetilla itself was great, but there was a large quantity of cheese and we only got four small, thin pieces of bread to dip in the cheese. They were also served in the cheese, so all were half-soggy by the time we got them. We made up for the rest by using the bread plate. We had almost finished by the time the waiter returned to ask if we needed more bread.

I had really enjoyed the smoked salmon toasts at the other location, and was so bummed to pick up my first one and find that it was burned black and so dry it was broken in half. One other was this way also (black and broken), and the other two were quite dark but at least they weren't broken. Really dry, though, and I lost out on any flavor that might have been on them. The salmon was tasty and the cream was nice as well, though.

We tried the Firefly fish with panko and spicy tartar sauce next, and were surprised by how stinky the fish was. I also live inland--even further inland than Nevada, in fact--and I've always found tilapia to be light on the aroma and to typically smell like the sea. Our tilapia was just plain stinky. Very fishy, very strong. Neither Husband nor I finished our fish.

The mango BBQ ribs were so tender the bones fell out of the meat, and the sauce was good, but we were pretty disenchanted by this point and decided to move on to dessert.

Bummer news--dessert wasn't up to snuff either. I'd gotten the dessert platter at the Paradise location and enjoyed everything on it, but we just wanted a bit of dessert, so Husband picked the lemon berry tarts. I knew they'd be tiny-tiny, having had the ones at the other location, but I was downright disappointed when I discovered the tiny tart shells were barely 1/3 full. And, if you've eaten there, you know that means there's probably between 1/2 tsp. and 1 tsp. of filling. The shells only fit about a tablespoon. The lemon filling was absolutely indistinguishable due to the higher proportion of tart crust and fresh berries (which were very sweet and tasty, thank heaven, or the dessert would have been absolutely irredeemable).

Service wasn't nearly as good as at the Paradise location, where I felt the waiter worked for my tip and I rewarded him handsomely in return. Here, where they were probably half to a third as busy, our waiter showed up at strange times and there were big lags between one course and the next. He was a perfectly adequate waiter but I knew I could expect better from this restaurant group. Our back waiter and runner were actually better than the waiter himself. They were quick, attentive, and helpful, and worked our table wonderfully.

So, a $55 meal I didn't enjoy all that much, but at least my belly is full. If you want the real Firefly experience, please go to the Paradise location. It's worth the wait AND the noise--and this is coming from someone who prefers a more serene dining experience, typically. Oh well. It was worth a try!
Saw Chef John Simmons on Chopped on the Food Network and bookmarked this place to try. 

Had the following:
Bacon Wrapped Dates - YUM. Must order!!
Ceviche of Shrimp - YUM! I love ceviche that is dripping in lemon juice. Big pieces of shrimp with nicely chopped veggies. Plus, the tortilla chips were homemade and really crispy.
Veggie Empanada - YUM! This was so flavor and the red pepper aioli was soooo good!
Mushroom Tart - DO NOT ORDER. This was NOT good. The puff pastry was slathered with what appeared to be Cream of Mushroom soup. The mushrooms were rubbery and canned tasting and the puff  pastry was soggy and not fluffy/flaky. 
Veggies & Lentils - Not a huge lentil lover, but this dish was pretty good. It was garlicky and flavorful. 
Ahi Tuna Skewer - I wouldnt recommend this. The tuna had no flavor.
Lamb Skewers - Good flavor just WAY TOO RARE.
Babyback Ribs - YUM!. Spicy, flavorful and fall-off-the-bone good!
Firefly Fries - Could have been a bit more crispy. The aioli is bomb!
Banana Nutella Sandwiches - Was good. Nothing to die over. 
Trio of Gelato (Comes with Pistachio, Chocolate, Vanilla) - All the flavors are good, but the pistachio is BOMB! I would recommend just ordering 3 scoops of pistachio.

There were 4 of us, came out to about $23 each with tax and tip. I think thats pretty darn good. 

Note: This location is upstairs in a strip mall... not the greatest from the outside, but the inside is nice and has a really pretty city light view once the sun sets.
It's not a bad place. It's not far from home, prices are decent, has a nice patio that overlooks the city.
I have heard numerous reports that I HAD to go to Firefly while in Vegas. I hadn't made it in until my last visit.

I have to say, the service was great, the bus boys always kept our waters filled and table cleared, but holy crap- THE FOOD.

We had 6 different tapas plates. Everything from tetilla dip, meatballs, green apple & machego salad, ceviche, machego mac n cheese, and stuffed dates. Single handedly the best meal I have had in the last few months. It enabled us to try all kinds of cuisine without having to dine in different restaurants.

The other things that made it so great were the sparkling sangria (a little too much ice, made it hard to drink but it was still great) and for dessert- Banana &  Nutella on toast.

I could have taken the Nutella home to-go. 

All in all, great experience. I know there are 3 locations, but I think this is easily the best one.
These chain of restaurants have the best service that you can get in Vegas, it is genuine and warm. I've worked for the industry in Vegas for almost 3 years and it is so refreshing to find servers and service of these quality. Going to firefly, we are helping our local community by investing more in our local business. It is a versatile place to dine out, either for a date, friends, or even family reunion. I am latina and firefly is THE only place in vegas that offers a tasteful place to enjoy latin american culture. I hate to hear people bad-mouthing these great restaurants, but plz keep in my these are ignorant people. Before any out there start pointing fingers, check your own kitchen and how you prepare you on own food, there are more chances that you will get food poison in your own kitchen, than in Firefly. Media is just taking advantange that Firefly is a place loved by locals and they are just making money out bad publicity. I can speak for my friends n myself that i will go back to firefly as much as I always do ( which is twice a week, every week) no matter what. Thanks again and please support our local business
We went to the location in Henderson just before the big Meltdown at the Paradise location.  The place was packed and the food was fine.
This place was dirty since the 2nd month it was open.  All my friends go there and love it but on my second visit after the opening I noticed that in general the place was getting dirty from window sills to sticky tables and seats, flies, floors were getting dingy and the food was not consistent to our first visit,,,,even the waiters look dirty.  This is the Henderson one that pasted the Health Dept review....scary.
Superb food every time we visit! The shrimp ceviche is the best ceviche we've ever had! 
So many great items on the menu. I've yet to have an item I didn't like. 

Great service! Great ambiance. This is one of our favorite place in Vegas!
I love Firefly. Hadn't been to this location yet but will be going back.  Their sangria is superb and I especially love the boqueronas (might have spelled that wrong), garden variety salad, passion fruit cheesecakes, bacon wrapped dates. But I have tried many things there (ceviche, petite filet, firefly fries, apple manchego salad, gazpacho, lemon berry tarts) and have yet to try something I didn't like. Oops, almost forgot another favorite - ham and cheese croquettes.  YUM!
This review should have been done several months ago.  In fact we where here before all the shut down from the health district with their Firefly on Paradise location.  I believe out of the three in the area this one was never shut down.  Anyway I used to love going to the one on Paradise with the girls on our girls night out so when they opened this location I had to get the hubby to come in and try it.  LOVED the mojitos but the food here was just ok....not as tasty has I have had. Hubby wasn't impressed so not sure I be able to get him to return with me.
Great selections of food! Great selection of beer & drink :) 
We ordered: fries (good), bacon dates (good), mussels (best), pulpos-octopus (salty!!!),and  steak& mushroom skewer (didn't cook well).
Our waiter was really hard to find whenever I needed him....the service was little slow even though we went for early dinner after work....
For some time now I'd been wanting to try Firefly. I had always heard good to excellent reviews of the place. Since it was closer and posted hours of operation allowed, I visited the Eastern location near Anthem. 

It was a party of 3 and we arrived about 1 hour and 15 minutes before closing. I supposed that was enough time to get relatively good service. We entered and were seated within a minute. The dimly lit room, music and paintings that hung along the walls created a hip and inviting atmosphere.

Our table was greeted by the waitress who seemed to be quite kind. We ordered drinks that were all brought to the table within minutes. After a moment or so we ordered the ham and cheese croquets, lamb skewers and veggie empanadas.  

The croquets arrived first. They were crispy on the outside with a mild hint of ham hidden in this cheesy, potato-enveloped dish. These were followed by char-grilled lamb skewers on a bed of lentils and pimento. The lamb was tasty with that hint of blackened crispness about the edges that make any like dish a favorite for group. Even the lentils on which it rested was a good accompaniment. Our empanadas gave of more of the same. They were seasoned favorably but not too spicy. We thought it all was decent-to-good, but I think our palates wanted something more complex.

After a couple of dishes more (baked tetilla and stuffed mushrooms) we realized that the food was all about the same level of quality, and in all likelihood would be much the same. The waitress then approaches our table (one of the smallest groups there) and informs us this would be the last call to order food as they were trying to close early. This was between 9:20-9:30pm. Having arrived a little more than an hour before closing we figured it would not be a long night, but to have someone say that to us seemed a little out of place. That was okay but when the waitress/staff lost track of what we ordered it was disappointing. In what I guess was a push to end their work day, our bacon-wrapped dates and sliders get to our table warm at best. The fried onions on that were served with our sliders were definitely not fresh out of the fryer and the burgers themselves were just "okay."

Perhaps we arrived too late, but the people around us certainly didn't seem concerned with when the establishment would be closing. The experience was a sort of, "Hey, is it just me or....?" sort of moment, personally. The food was good enough for me to return during busier hours under much different circumstances, however, it would be less than genuine to call it a wonderful evening.
I'd give Firefly an extra star for the food but took one away for the service, which was mediocre at best. We arrived rather late, and upon seeing that the restaurant was not crowded, expected good service. Instead, we waited for more than 10 minutes to be greeted at our table. I asked 2 busboys about our server and they insisted that he would arrive, but we still waited. My husband and I almost walked out when our server finally arrived. Frankly, the service was very slow. We ordered sangria, which was delicious. For our tapas, we ordered the bacon-wrapped dates (delicious), Diablo shrimp (spicy and terrific), mini filet mignon, lamb chops, and vegetable empanadas. The food was rich and delicious.  I highly recommend everything we ordered, with the exception of the empanadas, which were bland and unexceptional. I'd definitely go back, but don't know if I'd want to deal with the poor service again.
Still have yet to find a bad thing on the menu. 
Love the tapas concept. 
Love sharing food.
Love their sangria!

If you are still a bit skeptical about trying Firefly, live a little dangerously, you will not be disappointed!

For added enjoyment, check out their weekend brunch! 
Everything we tried was a little taste of heaven.
My fianc and I have been coming to this location since its opening. We come here at least once a week, if not more. The service is always top notch. The menu is great. Endless choices from vegetarian dishes, such as the veggie empanada and artichoke toasts, to dishes to satisfy the meat lovers, such as the spicy beef salad (which happens to be my favorite). It's nice to go somewhere where everybody knows your name, and treats you like family. The drink menu is also in a league of its own. If you like mojitos, this is the place to be. They also have brunch on Saturday and Sunday mornings, from 10 to 2, offering an all you can drink menu for $20. Food items which include but are not limited to, consist of veggie  benedict, house made chorizo, lemon ricotta pancakes (the bomb), fresh fruit, carne asada breakfast tacos, and pumpkin beignets, with cinnamon sugar and hot chocolate sauce. If you haven't tried it, this place is a must.
Yummy. Great selections. Great Food. Great Service.
Have been there a couple times and love it!  The food is delicious, but tonight our service was terrible.  We had one appetizer and left.  Really bummed because it was my Birthday :-(
Went back tonight and gave them another try and the service was outstanding as it had been in the past.  Carlos was our server and he was excellent.  The food is amazing, we tried completely different items this time.  One of our favorites was the Tuna Tartare.
I love the anthem location the best.   There is always a spot at the bar for me and my girlfriend to relax after a long day at work and Jaime is the best bartender around.  We are both in the service industry so we are very critical. He remembers our names and favorite drinks. He makes the best pear martini of all fireflys around.  We never have to wait for a thing.  I suggest siting with him if you have the chance.  The food here is always prompt and delicious.  This locations needs to get the attention it  deserves
I've eaten at this location at least five times. The one common factor each time is slow service. They are giving the servers too many tables at once. They have great white or red sangria that is amazing. Order a pitcher. Stuffed dates can't be missed. A menu that has enough items on it for even the pickiest of eaters. I tend to skip the seafood items since they rarely taste fresh.
I am writing this review as a regular patron of this Firefly...moreso, for the management (and as an explanation...my interpretation...of the "service negatives" for those who want to try this Firefly). First...and, to me, most importantly, the kitchen turns out outstanding food, truly outstanding. This firefly, gets 6 stars for the food (and if you read the vast majority of recent reviews, most would agree). The people that work here truly try to deliver...and, yes, Carlos (mentioned in one recent review is sensational). The owners recently had a huge setback on their Strip location, it hurt the business in all locations, and they had to cutback staff....unfortunately, the old adage, "it takes money to make money" was disregarded and because of that, they are still having a lot of trouble estimating the number of covers here...both at lunch and later...which, therefore, affects the service...both from the back as well as the front of the house. This is a really terrible location for a business; but the brand is solid and the product is outstanding...Hopefully, the owners will re-invest and "gamble a little" by adding to staff to improve the service; and hopefully, this location will soon be as jammed as it was when it first opened. HINT: Give them a try for Happy Hour at 3pm, when the bar is mostly half-priced and the service is always quick.
it was pretty good
O-M-G, simply amazing!
My husband and I finally tried Firely (in Henderson) for the first time.  We arrived approximately 7:00PM on a Friday night.  The parking lot and street within walking distance were packed, we had to circle twice to find a spot to park (Good sign, no one wants to eat at an empty restaurant).  We waited less than 10 minutes to be seated.   Dining room is much smaller than expected.  Music from the bar carries over to dining room and chatter noise level is pretty high.  If you're looking for a quiet, romantic dinner, this isn't your place....if you're looking for fantastic food and an energetic yet somehow relaxed  atmosphere....this is it!
The food is excellent and priced right.  We ordered muscles, petite filet, beef skewers and clams.   Each dish was excellent.  The muscles were out of this world.  We can hardly wait to return to our New favorite restaurant.
LOVE the vibe, LOVE the food, LOVE the live band.

Wonderful tapas. 

CAMARONES A LA DIABLA was amazing. We dipped the bread, empanadas, stuffed mushrooms, and the silverware in this sauce. We just couldnt get enough of the sauce. 

All the other tapas, were good, just not as good as the CAMARONES A LA DIABLA.

There are also wines in everyone's price range.
Outstanding food, awesome vibe, yummy mojitos, and fast, friendly service.  We just about tried everything on the menu and every single dish was delectable... except for the tres leches cake we had for dessert. The cake was mushy, runny?,  somewhat of an interesting texture but one that I did not appreciate. 

 I love tapas style restaurants and this was one of the better ones I have been to.
The food at Firefly is so good ,I eat there twice a month.If I could I would eat there everyday of the week.I just love their food ! It's terrible about the food poisoning  at the Paradise location but now it's the safest place to eat and it's worth giving it another try.I live in Anthem and I visit the location on Eastern Avenue.I love the spinach salad,the croquettes  and the sliders,they are my favorites so far plus the shrimp dish,so good!! I hope they make it because its a great place to enjoy a lovely meal with friends or just by yourself!
Looking for something off the Vegas strip that is still fun and tasty?  Firefly is a pretty nice stop worth coming by if you have a car.  

Firefly is located on the second floor of a small plaza.  We made a reservation on a Friday for a party of 5-6 around 8:30PM without too much trouble the morning of.  We did get a note that it would be tough to make reservations later on at night as it became more popular.  

The decor is red and a little darker - definitely giving it a more intimate feel.  On the right side of the restaurant is the bar area and seemed much more relaxed than the left side which was a bit more open and had a small area for the band.  On certain days (again, we came on a Friday), there was a live band playing salsa/bossa nova music and even two dancers that really made the area fun to be around and they were fairly responsive to the crowd.  Great touch.  

One thing you have to get when you come here is the sangria which supposedly is set for a few days before serving.  It's fruity in flavor yet is not overly sweet overbearing.  It's one of the better sangrias I've had in the world and definitely worth a pitcher.  The tapas themselves are also pretty good.  The bacon-covered dates were not too shabby with the sauce taking the limelight.  I also had the spicy beef salad which came with slices of filet mignon and was surprisingly actually spicy.  The included bread also was good and came with an aioli type sauce.  Costs range from $5-15 and are mostly tapas style dishes although there are a few bigger dishes like paella if you're interested.  We also had the tres leche chocolate cake which was interesting.  Although it wasn't exactly mouth-watering, the concept was interesting and made for a nice cleanse after a much more salty meal.  

One small unfortunate part of the experience was that the service was a little slow.  There was only one waiter on our side that probably didn't help the situation as the restaurant got more crowded.  There was a separate server for water though which was plentiful.  

One last little note is that Firefly is on the second floor of a building that is on a small hilly area, making for a nice view of a seemingly faraway strip in the background
As you drive up on the restaurant you can see the sign but when you pull into the parking lot, parking is limited. On the second floor, firefly had a small entrance that could be stuffy if they were extremely busy. We were sat right away but put at a wobbly table. We asked to move and got another bigger table right away! When the waiter greeted us he seemed extremely rushed but only half of the restaurant was filled. He took our order quickly as my girlfriend and I were already prepared. I personally had never been so I trusted her judgement. It's a tapas restaurant so we ordered 4. Dates, sliders, artichoke toast points and tomato salad. Before the tapas the served us this delicious bread. The tapas were unique and presented extremely well. The dishes were brought out one after another in no particular order. The service itself was acceptable. They worked as a team and satisfied our needs but the pace itself could have been a bit slower from the head waiter as to not feel rushed. All of the food was really good. After the tapas we had the lemon berry tart that came with a healthy serving of whipped cream! It was great. I can't wait to come just for that in the summer on the patio which has an amazing view of the strip. In conclusion I will be back to firefly again to try more tapas. The scallops are calling my name. The food makes this place a winner. Great for date night or a quick sophisticated bite.
just average i suppose.... service was definitely sub-par, i felt like the girl hadn't taken her anti-depressants for the day.
The food quality was great, portions good, price point decent, but it kinda kills the vibe when you server reminds you of snuffaluffagus. Also kills their tip.
Great ambience. Love the red walls and fake candle lit tables. The server (wish I remembered his name) was so great. He was warm and friendly. The server gave us tasters of the sangria which I ended up ordering two glasses. Yum. The food was above average. Overall this place was great and glad to find it. Seems like a fun place go come to for brunch with the girls and drink sangria.
The fly-tie cocktail is quite tasty!

SHINY! I thought this place was gonna be a fancible place to eat some foodstuffs, and I wasn't wrong. Capt'n Mal though, would have felt out of place.  It was not a place for Brown coats to unite. 

No, this establishment is a tapas bar and noshery. A place where the local color hangs out and the wait staff was attentive, but not overly so.  We did have to wait a mite over 7 minutes once seated for our busboy (not waiter) to come out and deliver water to us, and tell us our waiter was coming to take our order soon. 

You won't find any "tonic" here, but some very finely made cocktails, I had the Fly-tie and was quite happy with the libation, their dirty bloody mary met with approval too.  I enjoyed their vegi & pork empanadas, and while this is tapas, I did expect more than 2 on each plate, however they were quite delightful. However the best was yet to come:  The desert - Banana Nutella sandwiches were absolutely delicious  -- ORDER THESE.

Now for the reason this was not a 4 star review:
The place was dirty.  We were sat along the back wall, in one of the banquet seats with tables and chairs opposing.  There was foodstuff on the ground all around the table, in the seat next to mine. It was unappealing.  I get that Brunch on Sunday might be busy, but at 1:30 pm, your busser should have taken care of it. If not, don't sit a party amid this, when there's food that is languishing, being crushed into the concrete. It's kind of .. repulsive.   This was brought up to the manager -after the bill was paid. I was not looking for compensation.
I was shocked to see so many good reviews.  

Soooo disappointing.  Arrived on a Friday night a little before 9pm - it was so freaking loud.  We asked to sit on the restaurant side away from the band, but were told that we could not - they only had 1 server in this section - on a Friday night.  We were seated in the middle, the "lounge"  - I had to sit on a foot stool to eat my dinner - literally.  It was so uncomfortable.  I couldn't help but feel extremely rushed by our server. A guy in a suit - who I presume was a manager, seemed like a total douche.  One of the servers approached him with a problem and he said "How many times are you going to make this mistake, it happened the last time we worked together.  Jesus, are you kidding me?!"  Talk about embarrassing.

The food was ok - nothing that I was overly impressed with.  The "Albondigas" - were meatballs from the freezer and the cheese on top tasted old. The "Bravas" tasted like they might have been good around 6pm - but they sat in old grease for like 4 hours covered in paprika.   Maybe if they server would have waited to let us order more than 1 thing at a time instead of running away - we wouldn't have been there so long.  He came by and gave us "last call" sometime around 10:30.  I understand that their hours are posted until 10 - but there were so many people still in the restaurant - and the band was still playing.  I'm not sure how long it took to ask for the check and pay it, but it felt like an eternity.  I can't ever see myself going back
Service was great, nice variety and great food. We were there on Christmas Eve and we did get a table with a view. Bacon Wrapped Dates were awesome and the Filet was great. Pitchers of Sangria always a plus.
Love the food! but on a visit over the weekend... Service was the worse... 

Happy to hear they take reservations now.. wish I had known that, but thinking that it was first come, first serve like it has been there in the past we got there early, around 6pm. There was no one waiting and there were plenty of tables. 

We gave the hostess our name and she said it would be about a 20 to 25 minute wait. 
Within 10 minutes we saw a table being set with the number of guests in our part, .we thought wow, this is great. 

About 10 minutes later, a couple came in who had a reservation for 7 people and were seated at the table that we thought was going to be for us. We understand.. but what I didn't understand was how we continued to wait while the couple waited for the rest of their party to arrive. One person came 10 minutes, later, another couple 15 minutes. I know this because we ended up waiting 45 minutes for our table. 
By the time we were seated, their entire party was finally there. 

Worse part, a party of 10 that came in 20 minutes after us, were then seated next to us at the same time. 

Most restaurants will not seat unless the entire party is there. When they are, you can turn tables much quicker. Hopefully this will be a trait that Firefly picks up on soon.
I really enjoy this place! They have okay sangrias. Always order: chopped chicken salad, stuffed dates, tierra y mar skewers, and camarones a la diabla. If you are still hungry these were pretty good: plate of serrano ham and manchego cheese, firefly fries, stuffed peppers, grilled scallops, and camarones al ajillo. I didn't much enjoy these: ham and cheese croquetas, empanada, and most of the desserts were okay....
I must go back and try their paella and mojito!
Excellent tapas dishes.  I highly recommend this place.  This is the one I'll go whenever in town.  Watermelon mojitio is good.  I recommend the date dish even I don't like blue cheese. you can't taste the blue cheese which was good otherwise I wouldn't eat it.
Love this place.  I don't think I tried anything I didn't like.  My favorite were the bacon wrapped dates, yum!  Service was a tad spotty, some things came out quick, while others did not.  It can get a tad bit noisy, especially on a Friday or Saturday night.  I will definitely be back.
Don't try to go to Firefly after 9:30 at night - you'll get the bum rush.  Rush, rush, rush - get out the door we want to go home.
Horrible bartender.  Some Bridgette Nielson wannabe who spends her whole night peering into the mirror behind the bar rather than pay attention to or serve customers.  With only 7 people at the bar, "Bridgette"(aka Stephanie) took 5-10 minutes to refill empty drinks and never noticed on her own that people needed additional libations.  While the food was typical high quality Firefly fare, the horrible bartender Bridgette (Stephanie) has ensures this location will never get another penny from me or the 3 people I was with.
Bottomless drinks at brunch. That's all I really need to tell you. 
But forreal, the food here is delicious. The staff is awesome with making accommodations for any food needs you have (I don't eat meat or dairy) so our server took care of me and even made some great recommendations. He was also on top of keeping our drinks filled and was extremely attentive. I want to say his name was like Matt...in any case, all the staff there were top notch, at least in my opinion. Now if only I lived closer...
I know exactly which bartender John S is talking about, and honestly Stephanie has always been nothing but an exceptional bartender- attentive, sociable and efficient.  
I sit at the bar almost every time I come in, and enjoy that much more than the tables, actually.  The staff is chatty, friendly and always mindful of guests.  
Must haves:  Everything is great..but especially the Bacon wrapped dates, Apple and Manchego salad, and the Banana Nutella dessert. 

To that particular reviewer:  Spending the bulk of your review attacking a person's looks makes your point invalid and as useful as a c*ck flavored lollipop. Frankly, you shouldn't return- you can keep your pennies to yourself.
Great food. Everyone's nice. Service is fantastic. View from the patio is wicked awesome. I would recommend this place to anyone.
Similar to all the other reviews, the tapas are delicious here and so is their sangria. Must try the bacon wrapped dates and sliders. I tried the chicken and mushroom paella for the first time and it was addicting. Ended up with so much paella left over with how huge the skillet is and it tasted great the next day. I used to come a lot more in the past but stopped after I heard about the food poisoning incident. I definitely have to say that since then, their service has gotten a lot better. No more juvenile people who could care less about being there. Even with only one server working my entire area of the restaurant on a Friday night, she remained attentive and fast on her feet. Everything was hot when it arrived and my water was constantly refilled. Definitely come by and give it a try if you're looking for delicious and reasonably priced tapas.
Wow. Terrible service last night.  We were seated at our table for 40 minutes without a single glass of water. We had finally gotten our drinks 30 minutes in. The two plates of bread they brought out for the table of 15 were long gone and we hadn't ordered any food yet so we asked for the manager.  His rude and defensive response has to be one of the worst I've ever witnessed.  My brother was so annoyed he asked the guy to walk away.  When the food arrived it was sub par.  It certainly wasn't as good as it used to be.  The Mac n cheese was dry and flavorless, our meatballs were bland, we got about half as many padron peppers as we used to.  My shrimp ceviche was served on a different plate then it used to be leaving my tortilla chips to sit in the juice and become soggy.  Thank goodness we had the best company and we were able to laugh and still enjoy the night.  I will not be back...ever
I really wanted to love this place. My husband and I have always talked about eating here... One night we decided to give it a shot. Our server was definitely not friendly to start... Passion fruit mojitos were super weak, pretty much ice water ...some of our dishes took 45 mins to the table.... Way longer than it should have, even for tapas. Best thing we ordered were the sliders... Empanadas were good as well. I would seriously advise against the baked cod.. Way over seasoned with chili flakes, perhaps to hide the unfreshness of the fish, yucky. Over all it wasn't worth the $75 spent...and we won't be back.
Waited 2 hrs tonight 2/21/14 before we're told we were next for a table. There was 2 Michelle's on the list and we came in at 7pm an hour ahead of the other Michelle. We saw the hostess seated people that came in later after us. Hostess was arrogant and insisted we're not ahead of those people. She showed in the computer we came in at 7:55 but we definitely sure we came in at 7pm. It was our first time here and we came to celebrate my birthday! We were so disappointed we just walk out!
The food was very delicious but we had  the brunch menu I believe the on the branch  menu the Firefly egg benadict was probably the tastiest of all the dishes the all you can drink for $20 I recommend you wait on that due to the fact that there very slow in getting you a drink I make better sangria the Firefly fish sticks were tasty all in all we would come back   you get full quickly on very small plates
I love this place. I would give it 5 stars, but feel the big bar area is a little sterile. The view and the food make up for this. So its a minor observation...

I come here 4 times a year as my family lives down the street in Horizon Ridge. I like the Paradise location too (more atmospheric)...

The Menu is big filled with tapas and a few entres. Great prices too. Great Red Sangria.

Tapas are all a good size so you can get about three per person and share. You will all be satisfied.

The stuffed dates with machengo cheese are always one of the firsts. 
Any of the skewers are awesome, especially the filet. Tender and juicy.
Warm Spinach salad-yum.
I had a pepper an sausage Spanish dish (can't remember name-but exceptional!)
Pitchers of Sangria on Happy hour are awesome-strong and cheap!
The Italian Beef mini sandwiches were right outta Chicago. Garlic and drippings soaked bread-tender beef and hot giardinare-mouth happiness.

I like this place because we have always had good food, great drinks and stellar service. I like that its near home too. Makes me happy thinking about it! If you are in the area-have some apps for me! 

Can't wait for May-my next trip out and Firefly is on tap!
I love this place, the food and the service is fantastic.
Our food was really good and the food runners were on the ball when bringing out the plates and keeping our table clean.  My only complaint is our waitress Ana was horrible, checked on our table once and told us red wine is supposed to be chilled. I would still come back though!!
Great service, staff was friendly, the food was delivered in a timely manner. I ordered the firefly fries which were ok. The ceviche was perfectly Devine. I would order that again!! I ordered the ham & cheese croquette. I also enjoyed the complimentary bread which the apple butter in the beginning. I will definitely come again:-)
I went today after months sinceI usually go to the other location and the restaurant was almost empty. Regardless to that, the service was slow and the food terrible. I had to ask then to recook my mussels since they have no flavor even after putting a bunch of salt. The replacement was pretty much the same, way too salty so I'm positive I got the same thing back, just with even more salt! The pulpo asado was also tasteless and the wrapped dates were barely wrapped in bacon, and burnt...so sad, I used to love this place but I won't be coming again for sure.
Today Sunday March 30, 2014 just came from Firefly S.Eastern location in Las Vegas. Here and order from the breakfast menu.....what I found and got
Wet table, dirty chairs and floor you can actually see the food under the table.
Asked for a Caf Latte, was asked if I wanted milk ??????Hellooo
Asked for a glass of water, could not drink out the glass Dirteyyyyyy
Order Bacon, got burned strips wll behond well done (I did not asked)
Paid the bill and after 45 minutes of done eating had to asked the server to please clean the table. The staff is very young with no experience nor training in the restaurant industry.   Never again.....
Bacon wrapped dates are to diiiiie. The bread and butter is heaven. If it's a nice day, sit outside on the balcony. The view is spectacular.
Omg this place was freaking awesome and the bar tender was freaking awesome. The tapas are amazing and the atmosphere was so great!! I will definitely be back because I loved it so much! Service was great and the drinks were bananas!!!!
Great location overlooking Henderson, I enjoyed the cozy and intimate space. Definitely a great place to go on a date. This was my second time here, the service was wonderful. Ordered a variety of dishes from the last time and I highly recommend the stuffed dates and steamed mussels. Both dishes were flavorful. Finished it off with chocolate tres leches for dessert which was just okay. Nothing great about it..
With a party of 6 we ordered 9 or 10 things. Nothing was amazing or even memorable, and some were kinda on the gross side. I'm not picky and totally like new things, but this place was a let down in my opinion. Might give them another shot in like a years time, but I'm not entirely sure time will change their menu so - I don't know. Service was OK. And they sure do have a nice sign.
It's kind of sad that each of Firefly's locations have had issues with the health department and shut down at some point..it definitely tells you something about the company itself and the way they run their business. 
Although I've enjoyed many times at each of the locations in the past with their yummy sangria and unique tapas, I'm honestly surprised that they still manage to get good business in the locations that remain open, or that they reopened for that matter..
I give two stars based on some good past experiences but I'll be weary to ever return again.
Initially I was drawn into this place by the website. Interesting name, simple design, and an intriguing menu.

The restaurant itself is consistent with the website: small, simple, and clean. The only contrast between the two is that the restaurant was busy and that is a good thing for a new business.

The service was fast and friendly. Even though the dining room was pretty full we were greater quickly and sat down immediately. Within minutes we had water and put in drink orders. I'm a sucker for frosted beer glasses which we were offered with our drinks.

The food was all pretty amazing.

Charcuterie - nicely done pork, chicken, blood sausage and liver pate. Came with some cloves of garlic and crusty bread. The flavors were very good. The only thing I would have liked to see would have been some pickled veggies for contrast.

Duck Fat Fries/ parmigiano reggiano/ truffle  - yup, duck fat fries. Can't really miss with these. The aioli was very small but really tasty. 

Octopus/ chickpeas/ kale/ tomato - very well cooked and seasoned. Could have used more octopus but the flavors and textures were nice.

Ravioli/ egg yolk/ pancetta/ ricotta/ brown butter - very big flavors. We saw every table around us order this item so we went for it. Honestly, it is a little rich for me but it is worth a try to form your own opinion.

Beets/ goat cheese/ arugula - I'm admittedly not a big fan of beats but this dish was pretty good even for me. The pile of goat cheese and balsamic bring out the best flavors of the beats.

Since there were only 2 of us we couldn't try more but I will be back to try to cover the rest of the menu. A few other notes:

- the pig trotters on the website were not on the menu when I was there
- the veal is a huge portion. Looks like the meat at the beginning of the Flintstone's cartoon.
Usually I wait at least a few weeks before trying out a newly opened restaurant, but at the glowing recommendations of some food loving friends I decided to give this restaurant a try.  It did not disappoint.

To start off the decor was great, truly a transformation from the old digs.  It would feel right at place in a bigger city like Chicago or NYC.  Dark walls, a few large communal wood plank tables and vintage industrial lighting - chic without being over the top.

Ok, now to the important stuff. First off, boozy treats- only beer and wine here folks. They had a great selection of both at affordable price points. We ordered up a $33 bottle of Malbec that fit the bill. I saw a carafe of wine being served next to us but didn't see smaller carafe sized wine on the menu- I hope those become a permanent addition.

Here's a roundup on our food

1) Cheese plate served with dried/syrupy pears & cherries plus bread.  A selection of hooks aged cheddar,  fresh mozzarella, and muenster. 4/5

2) Charcuterie plate - This was my favorite of the bunch, served with lightly grilled bread and raw garlic, it consisted of chicken pate, blood and pork sausages that were simply delicious. 5/5

3) Fried squash blossoms with garlic aioli.  I like that they included some fried squash along with the blossoms, it gave a nice texture contrast but I felt the fry batter was much too heavy for the blossoms.  It was something akin to a cod batter used with fish fry, not delicate enough to enjoy the seasonal squash blossoms. The fresh aioli was good but needed a bit more salt. 3/5

4) Duck egg ravioli. a standout dish, this consisted of a large ravioli stuffed with a duck egg, pancetta, ricotta and topped with brown butter.  The browned butter was a little too generous making this dish greasy but still tasty.  Because it already has the runny egg yolk, the brown butter just seemed lost and competing for the fatty sauce space. Overall it was a unique dish and I'd happily order it again with hopes it wont be so greasy next time around. 4/5

5) Rhubarb strawberry pie. Served ala mode and was delicious end to the meal.  the fresh flavors of the seasonal fruit shined without being too sweet. The crust was great, delicate and tasted like something mom would serve up.  4/5

The service was warm and friendly, just what I have come to expect on Willy St.  However, the server gave no explanation on what the cheese or charcuterie plates consisted of and was a bit confused when we inquired.  Not a big deal as the place is new but at $16 and $13 a plate, with no menu detail, it should explained at the table so diners aren't left guessing what they are eating.  Overall a great addition to the Madison restaurant scene and I'm looking forward to many more visits.
Amazing food and great service! I left wishing my stomach could fit more goodness in it. The porchetta was divine!
We stopped in last week with high expectations after reading about the restaurant (before it opened) and then seeing a positive review of it online.  Safe to say that our expectations were met.
The space is both casual and intimate-some communal tables with some private tables as well.  The menu is simple, sophisticated, and really allows the flavors to shine through.  My girlfriend and I ordered the duck fat fries, the chorizo stuffed dates, and the pork belly.  The first two are labeled "snacks" with the last being a "small plate"  Even with these monikers, the food was very filling and definitely enough for two people.  All three plates were well prepared with the chorizo stuffed dates stealing the show.  Service was friendly and efficient.

This is another great restaurant to line the Willy St. corridor.  We will definitely be back.
The food was a gluttonous, dazzling experience not often seen in Madison, but it doesn't have me craving it more. 

The most memoriable food was a pork loin on top of pork sausage. Absolutely delicious and defintely not low fat. The sardines come in a cute custom made tin packet. The dates with piquillo peppers were good, though I could only eat a couple.

Probably the most impressive part of the experience is the atmosphere. You can sit at a communal table or at private tables at the side. We choose the private tables, which might as well have been communal, since they were so close together.  (I spent the dinner ease dropping on the first awkward date to my left and a mother/future daughter in law to the right.) You can see the kitchen from the seating area, which also means it's extraordinary hot in the dining area too. I DO NOT recommend going on a hot & humid night. Hopefully they get that fixed.

Our server was new, so I won't comment about how he forgot one of our dessert orders. He was helpful with the wine/beer selection though.
We stopped in for a late dinner this evening not really knowing what to expect. We were both very pleasantly suprised. This restaurant is simply wonderful! We started with the stuffed dates and the duck fat fries... both were great, but the dates were outstanding, the red pepper sauce was a perfect with the dates. We then tried the lamb carpaccio and the Clam and Mussel orzo.. both wonderful. The veal breast with apple cabbage and polenta was outstanding! The dining room is warm and intimate and the staff is very friendly and informative. Loved the music this evening... excellent taste in tunes!

 Madison is fast becoming a sophisticated place to dine with wonderful small locally owned establishments that keep on getting better!
YOU! I've been looking for you.

It's unfortunate I stumbled upon you after eating a filling Laotian meal, but I was able to find room after hearing about your desserts.  And also a little extra for some wine.

We got:

Sicilian Sfingi:  I know, you're all like buhh? But they're essentially chocolate beignets with a hint of orange.  So soft, hot and fresh with a healthy drizzle of chocolate.

Strawberry Rhubarb Lavender Pie with Honey Ice Cream: Feel free to read that over as many times as you like.

When the server came over and asked how everything was, my cousin found it within herself to shout, "HOLY SHIT".   He responded saying that best thing she could have said.

It's communal tables, so mind your elbows and talk to you neighbors!  It's a really fantastic menu, and flawless service for such a young restaurant.

And do I need to mention how glorious the name is?

May the pig be with you.
Great new place. Been there twice and loved all dishes. My fav was sardines! Not so great for vegetarians but great fish dishes along with awesome meat based selections. Prices very reasonable for the quality of food presented.
wow. wow. wow. flavor bomb factory. loved everything. won't go into detail on dishes as others here have covered it. the clincher for me was the perfect combined vibe of the space, staff and incredible food. no salad on the menu - Dan the chef told us he would put one together if asked be he didn't want to waste the ink on the menu. love that attitude. Dan and friends also built the interior and tables from scratch. Such a good fit for Willy Street and Madison. foodies have another reason to flee the sterile streets of the 'burbs...
I'm a fan. Space is very urban. I was apprehensive about the shared tables and ended up loving them. 

Food is outstanding. I didn't have a bad dish. The tripe dish was a standout.  Well done.  Best olives in town, by far. 

No booze, just beer and wine. The wine list is reasonable. 

I like the whole place better than Graze (the other 'gastropub' in town). 

Lighting needs dimming and they desperately need to fix their AC. Pronto. 

I can't believe some people complain about the music. Second to the food itself the music was my favorite part. Finally a restaurant in Madison that is hip and doesn't cater to old stuffy folks or college kids. 

We'll be back often.  Especially when the weather cools down.
Comfortable, friendly atmosphere. Wonderful. A great place to go with friends and share. Trust me you are going to want to try as much as possible. Everything is made in house, from the head cheese and blood sausage on the delicious Charcuterie to the Panacotta and other desserts.

Once a month a group of friends and I search out a restaurant to experience. We taste as many dishes as possible. The other night we had the pleasure of trying just about every dish on the menu with the exception of the cheese plate, squash blossoms and olive snacks. There was not one dish that I, personally, did not like. Sounds pretty hokey, but it is the truth.  I do, however, have my favorites.

Favorites: 
Appetizers: 
I have seen duck fat fries on tv. They are literally as good as people make them out to be. Best fries I have ever had. They make Ronald McDonald weep and the Hamburgler go straight. 
The Dates are a must try. Sweet, savory, out and out delicious. 

Small Plate:

Pork Belly. This is just a given. Wow.
Orzo - wonderful and the mussels extremely tasty
Honorable mention: Beets. I don't like beets. This dish is making me rethink that statement. Definitely try them. 

Large Plates:  

While all dishes were wonderful, this die hard carnivore has 3 must eats:

Dry Age Strip with bone marrow butter, duck fat fries and sweet breads. Never had sweet breads. awesome literally awesome. Eat this dish and call your cardiologist. But what a way to go. 

Pork - absolutely wonderful, best potatoes i have eaten. 
Chicken thighs. - packed full of flavor.

Dessert: 
You just have to try all of them. You cannot make a poor choice, each dessert is just wonderful. We had the, strawberry rhubarb pie, chocolate cake with smoked sea salt and the panacotta. Wow. Just wow. 
We left with one regret. No one ordered the Sicilian Sfingi. We must have been suffering from a food coma when ordering dessert. 

You really need stop in and try it. Trust me. You will not be disappointed. Bring friends.
Wow!  Best food I've had in Madison since Magnus was Magnus.   Don't think twice - eat here!

Small plates, everything meant to be passed around and shared.  Everything was beautifully prepared, interesting and very tasty.  I will go back as often as my budget allows (not inexpensive). 

Standouts from our meal:
Lamb Carpaccio - with egg yolk
Ravioli - with bacon and duck egg
Trout - oh so good!
Dry Aged Strip - amazing flavor

Less favorite:
Duck fat fries - still just french fries
Sardines - would be better in a paste
Absolutely outstanding! In a city where, generally, style reigns over substance this place delivers. The food and service were outstanding in a hip atmosphere that was still comfortable. Go now and often!
Great dinner last night!

Our server was really wonderful. She was helpful (made some great suggestions), friendly, and frankly did a great job making sure we had an awesome dining experience.  Unfortunately I cannot remember her name.  However she had a cool tattoo on her arm - a mountain range that is a ruler.  

The food was really good.  We had:  duck fat fries, arancini (fried rice ball filled with sausage), pork belly, beet salad, and the chicken thigh.  The arancini was a standout.

My wife and I shared all the dishes.  We enjoyed the pace of the meal - not sure who to compliment - our server or the kitchen.  Regardless it was a great pace - not too fast and not too slow.  

The wine and beer list is more than adequate and very reasonably priced.

Nice addition to the Madison restaurant scene.  We will be back!
Totallly worth it! If u are a foodie than this Is the place to go in Madison and u won't walk away hungry!
Great addition to the neighborhood. Delicious, innovative food, cozy hip atmosphere, great beers & wine. I imagine this will become a new favorite on Willy St. Reminds me of some of the cool gastropubs you cam find in Chicago. I prefer to go here with a group as opposed to a one-on-one date, as it is rather lively inside.

Calling it "tapas" (as listed in Yelp) is a misnomer, though. Yes, it's small-plate style, but not Spanish style, which is what I think of when I hear tapas.
The duck fat fries are to-die-for!!!!  They are seriously the best fries I have ever had in my life...crispy and perfectly seasoned.  I live 200 miles from Madison and know I will be hopping in my car to relieve my cravings for these!  We also had the dates (a delicious combination of spicy and sweet), the octupus (yummy!), and the pork belly.  The pork belly was a little disappointing, because I had read such rave reviews about it.  Next time, I'll just order something new on the menu.  They had a very nice wine and beer menu and my husband enjoyed a great Chilean Pinot Noir.  I don't drink and just had iced tea, but was disappointed and surprised that they "ran out of iced tea" after I just had one glass.  Overall, it was a great experience, though.  We will definitely be back!
Small Plates. Yes! Love the communional tables. They also have a handful of 2 top tables, which is great for date night. The plates come out as they are done. Come with a group to try multiple dishes and don't be shy to ask the people next to you what they are eating. Everything from walk-in to leaving was excellent in service and food.
Thanks to Jessica H for asking a favorite ravioli question, which reminded me that I needed to write this review.  A Pig in a Fur Coat is definitely one of the best additions to Madison's growing restaurant scene.  I was fortunate enough to finally try the restaurant out the week I was moving out of town.  

Like what others have said, the dishes are intended to be shared with another.  Everything on the menu looked ultra appealing, so there was quite a bit of debate on what to order.  We ended up settling on the ravioli, pork belly, and lamb carpaccio small plates and the steak large plate.  

First my criticism.  With a name like "A Pig in a Fur Coat" I was expecting the pork dishes to be the standouts.  I have to say that I was a little underwhelmed with the pork belly small plate.  I can't give a specific reason why, but there was just something, flavor wise, missing from it.  Perhaps, it was an off night.  Now onto what they did really well!    The highlights were the ravioli and steak.  The ravioli with ricotta and duck egg was the best "pasta" dish I've had in Madison (or in Wisconsin, for that matter).  What really made it stand out was the brown butter and huge slab of pancetta on it!  When describing it, rich is an understatement.    Get it and share it with another person or two......it'd be quite a bit for one person!  As awesome as the ravioli was, we actually enjoyed the steak the most.  A great steak, in and of itself, is a pleasure.  Add some fried sweet breads (my absolute favorite thing), duck fries, and mild basalmic sauce, and you have a perfect meal, in my opinion.  Basalmic is one of those ingredients that can absolutely destroy a dish by overpowering everything else.  A Pig does a great job to make the basalmic compliment the flavor of the other ingredients.  

Dessert wise, we ordered these Italian chocolate beignets (can't remember the name).  I'm a huge fan of fried dough, and these gems get my approval!  

A Pig is a place I definitely look forward to returning to on my next trip to Madison in about three weeks.  Not only is the food very good but the service was excellent.  Price wise, it's on the middle end for Madison, but portions are rather generous and you'll definitely get a memorable meal!
Can someone tell me what the big deal about this place is? 

We waited 45 minutes for a table on a Thursday night. We never would have waited that long except that the hostess (who was very nice and overworked) assured my table of four it would only be about 15 minutes. After seating, service was slow. 

Our apps were good. The duck fat fries were good but many places in Madison boast great fries. The dates were to die for. 

As for the meal... eek. Our plates came out one at a time with about ten minutes in between each, making the meal very very awkward. My friend ordered the ravioli, which the waiter said was a favorite but the plate was the most unappetizing thing I've ever seen. Literally one big brown ravioli with egg inside. My friend said the sauce was very very sweet. 

Mine was served next. I can't find it on their current online menu but I am certain I ordered a pasta and bolognese dish that sounded pretty safe. It tasted exactly like Hamburger Helper, I am not even kidding you. Hamburger. Effing. Helper. A great kickback to my childhood but definitely not something I expected nor wanted to pay for from this trendy restaurant. 

Friend's husband ordered the Chicken Thigh which was the best, juiciest chicken I've ever had. The sides it was served with weren't bad either. I would go back to give that another try. 

My husband ordered the tripe and none of us had a bite of it. 

For dessert we did an apple thing that wasn't great and a panna cotta, which was okay. 

All in all, I'm glad we tried it because of all the hype. but we all walked out wondering what all the hype was about. I kept looking longingly out the window at Umami, which is across the street. I wouldn't spend the money or the time on this place again.
My girlfriends and husband took me to A Pig in a Fur Coat on Friday, October 5th to celebrate my birthday. It was our first time there for all of us and we will be back. We had great, attentive service, our server offered suggestions and was always there if we needed anything, even after it got very busy in there. The food was creative and quite delicious. We didn't have anything we didn't like--and we tried a lot! Duck fat fries, orzo, burrata, arancini, pork belly, ravioli, and a couple more! Even though we sampled off the snacks and small plates list, between the 4 of us we each got plenty full. What a great way to sample a lot of interesting food! We will definitely be back. Nice job!
Maybe 3.5 stars would be better.  I took friends from out of town, and some of them seemed a little uncomfortable with the family-type atmosphere.  And the waitress seemed kinda short for the table height -- we felt sorry for her!  Anyway, as for the food:  The fries were good -- I've had better in Madison (at Brasserie V), the dates however were great.  I also ordered the orzo/mussels (a very nice cold salad) and the octopus/chickpea dish.  The octopus was cooked very very well, and the chickpeas -- meh.  I hate chickpeas.  But the octopus in that dish was great.  The tempo if the meal was good, although the veal (large plate) that one of my friends ordered -- the other 4 of us ordered and shared small plates -- was very late in arriving.  So we were wondering when he'd get served.  That was kinda odd.  We also sampled the beets (can't eat them -- allergic), the ravioli (great buttery sauce) and the tomato/burata.  I really really liked the mini mini tomatoes they were using in their dishes.  They were excellent!  For dessert,  I had the peach panna cotta (Seemed more like nectarines to me) that was very nice, and my companions had pumpkin cheesecake that they all swooned over.  The waitress was very knowledgeable about the wines, and the one wine-drinker was very satisfied with what she suggested.  

So this is a place I'd go to again, but I'd not take people who want a more traditional seating in a restaurant.  Or maybe next time we'll be luckier and not be seated next to people who are drinking just a *little* too much vino.
For my birthday I did a restaurant crawl, 5 locations in 1 night! Started with Tempest for oysters, intended to stay for one appetizer at Pig in a Fur Coat, pork buns at Unami, dinner at Forequarter, and dessert at Nostrano.  Well when we got to Pig in a Fur Coat, the plans changed.  It was badger homecoming and a bit slow, our waiter was a bit over-bearing but informative, knowledgable, and friendly.  The overbearing was probably due to the lack of other customers.  He offered us tastes of any wines and did not seem impatient while we tasted. We started with the duck fat fries and carpaccio. I LOVED the carpaccio, could have ate 3 more plates all the flavors blended perfectly. My bf liked the duck fat fries, but at the end of the day fries are fries and Hot Doug's in Chicago may have them beat on the duck fat fries. We moved on to the pork belly. Cooked perfectly, since this is something that can quickly obtain a tough and chewy texture. Mind you, we still had 3 more places to eat at.  But I couldn't resist ordering the veal.  Everything so far was a 10, but the veal, still amazing, I would rate a 9, just lacking a little flavor seasoning-wise.  Still moist and tender, greens and potatoes complemented it nicely.  Honestly, my expectations weren't high for this place, I just chose it because it was new. Well people need to start talking about this restaurant more and giving it the praise it deserves because it is phenomenal!  Love the ambience, decor, intimate setting, but ultimately the food was outstanding. Blew the other restaurants from my evening out of the water. We will be back soon to enjoy even more.  Nostrano was the only place we didn't go to due to lack of stomach room without regret, thanks to Pig in a Fur Coat.
I've been to the restaurant twice and loved it both times. The food is delicious and service impeccable. My favorite dish is the chicken thigh with spaetzel. The ravioli with egg yolk is too rich for me but my husband loved it.
We will return
We've eaten here twice, and enjoyed it tremendously both times.  It is, I think, somewhat unusual for the Madison restaurant scene, in that it's a pretty upscale restaurant but the serving and seating style is more family style.  So, if you go, just be aware that you might be sharing a table with others you don't know, and that the menu revolves around small plates that are meant to be shared.  I would not plan on going with a large party or if I knew that we wanted to have a "special-occasion-serious-conversation" kind of vibe.  I can see what other reviewers have meant about the pacing, too ... stuff comes out of the kitchen when it's ready, so again, if you're OK with sharing the small plates, that's not a problem, but if you're expecting that everyone gets their own meal served before you all start eating, it will feel weird.  

I think the food is excellent.  The ravioli with the duck egg and the pancetta and brown butter made my heart sing.  The burrata with heirloom tomatoes was outstanding.  The turkey leg is amazing (and I don't usually like dark meat turkey).  It's not very vegetarian-friendly, but I'm told that they will accommodate vegetarians if you call ahead.  The waitstaff are very knowledgeable about the wine and beer selections, and very friendly and attentive.
Put lipstick on a pig, it's still a pig. 
Put a pig in a fur coat and zomg it's good!
I have been to this place twice and this restaurant has become our new favorite in Madison. The only problem is it's a small place and have long waiting hours. I love the pork belly, arancini and Chorizo stuffed dates. The beets salad is also very good.
We ate here for the first time last night.  Tried the duck fat fries - very good but filled us up!  Sardines were nice, but not as good as the ones at Sardine, in my opinion.  Octopus was cooked perfectly.  Ravioli was like breakfast pasta - perfectly cooked egg and brown butter sauce.  The bacon was delicious and a great complement.  Pork tripe was very good - and with a generous amount of pork belly included.  Despite being full, we had to try the Sicilian Sfingi for dessert, which were like warm gourmet donut holes swimming in chocolate - also delicious.  Spring for the chemex  brewed coffee, you won't be sorry.  They give you enough to share - I couldn't finish it by myself.
My wife an I ate here on. Friday night three weeks ago. It was a wonderful experience and maybe our best meal in Madison in 2012.

The setting is cozy. Not cramped, but very (very) cozy. This does create a lot of noise and a bit of jostling around, but this all helps create a convivial atmosphere.

This is a very meat-focused restaurant, and not necessarily seasonal, but those are the worst things I can say about APiaFC. 

We waited at the bar for no more than fifteen minutes (we arrived after 9pm though) before being taken to our table. 

Service was efficient, friendly and knowledgeable.

The food is outstanding.

Duck fat fries: unbelievable. The truffle oil is just a whisper that you almost won't notice until your fourth or fifth fry. 

Arancini: deep fried risotto balls with pesto sauce. Crunchy, hot, astounding if out of season...

Duck egg ravioli: the only unsuccessful dish we had, but more related to presentation (it's an ugly brown plate of food) than flavor 

Grilled octopus: I will order octopus if it's on a menu knowing it will be over cooked half of the time. Not so here. The octopus was cooked perfectly and subtly hit with vinegar. Delicious.

Chorizo stiffed chicken thigh: simply the best, comfiest dish I've had in Madison this year.

We will definitely return.
Just tried this place on 12/05/2012.  I must say it was very good.  The food I would give 4 Stars.  Almost Everything I ate was good.  First, we started with Chorizo Wrapped Dates and Duck Fat Fries.  The Dates were a little sweet for me, but the Duck Fat Fries were incredible.  Next, We had Lamb Carpaccio.  Thinly Sliced Uncooked Lamb with an egg on top with a few toast points.  Very Very Good Dish.  For the main course I had The Chicken Thigh Dish.  It has been mentioned in several yelp reviews.  This dish was a little disappointing to me.  In the reviews they talk about juicy pieces of chicken with tons of flavor.  I found the chicken to be very dry and bland.  My Girlfriend has pork loin which was terrific.  The Service was also very good. 5 Stars! I was a little disappointed they do not have hard alcohol and only serve beer and wine.  But, What can I say?  I'm from Wisconsin.  Overall, I would come back and enjoyed my meal.
We tried several dishes. The highlights were the chorizo stuffed dates, dry aged strip, the turkey leg. The turkey leg had a bacon onion jam that was simply amazing. I highly recommend.
Clearly, my favorite restaurant is town. The food is delicious. The ambiance and the service are excellent. Sometimes, the wait could be a little long, but it is completely worth it.
Warning: their duck fat fries & dip are addictive. For the entre I split a plate of chicken, bacon, & apples, followed by egg nog cheesecake - delicious. Chill atmosphere, friendly staff, and a menu worth exploring more. I plan on going back. My 8 year old even enjoyed it but it is definately more of a date place. I would recommend getting there earlier in the evening as seating fills up quickly and there isn't a lot of privacy once it does fill up. Wish I could check out the NYE dinner spread, sounds like a delicious feast but I already have other plans. Their booth at the Willy St. Fair always has delicious pulled pork so I may order that next time. 

Side note:  We were seated by the front window (which was pretty chilly, kept my coat on for the meal) this gave us a front row seat to the action on Willy St... it felt like an episode of COPS outside where at least 6 squad cars and a fire truck were parked out there apparently responding to a call.
Thank you Yelp, for having an ambience option of hipster. My work here is done, you have already summed up the experience.

The fries are made with magic fat - duck fat, I believe. And they are amazing.
Went here on Monday night, and had a great experience. Good wine selection, most of the reds we from Italy, and the most expensive glass was $8.50, so not bad. The octopus was fantastic, juicy, tender, and slightly crisp. I love that the foods come out as they are ready. The dry aged steak with bone marrow, sweetbreads, and lentils was also pretty special. I'll be back.
As everyone says, it's small plates that come out as they are ready, so if you aren't into sharing, this is not going to be a place for you. Almost everything was fabulous and unique. It definitely has its own twists on dishes, such as the poutine made with duck fat fries, cheese curds, and foie gras. My only recommendation is to order items that you haven't seen on other menus because even though they are good they won't blow you away compared to everything else you will eat here. This is a must go for any foodie!
When my wife and I moved to Madison five years ago, we weren't so thrilled with the restaurant scene.  In the last few years, however, things have really been invigorated by the opening of three great gastro-pubby places: Graze, Roast Public House on State Street, and now A Pig in a Fur Coat.  

We just got home from a really, really wonderful meal.  We'll definitely be going back again.  There were a handful of very small issues that I'll note in brackets.

- We called ahead to inquire about the wait and the hostess told us it would be 30-45 minutes and graciously took our name.  We got there about 35 minutes later.  The space is very nice and very bustling.  It's a loud restaurant, which I happen to like.  I won't go into the seating too much, since it's been discussed.  We took a seat at the bar while we were waiting for a table and just decided to stay there, which worked out just fine.

[Minor complaint #1 I would love to see this place expand into  a slightly bigger space.  I'm not into communal dining, but it would be fine if they kept that at the core.  I'd just like to see a few more options for small-medium sized parties.  As it stands, I can't see taking my folks here when they visit for a nice family dinner, and that's a pity.]

- We ordered drinks.  I had a beer (forgot what kind-- I'm not a big beer guy) and my wife had a very nice house-made blood orange soda.  

[Minor Complaint #2: No hard liquor.  I kind of expected some inventive cocktails.]

- We started with olives.  This was the the low-light of the meal.  We both love olives, but these were strange.  I couldn't put my finger on what was so weird about them, but my wife was certain that it was the (pickled?) fennel that was overwhelming the flavor of the olives.  We each took a bite of each kind and pushed the plate away.

[Minor complaint #3: It would have been nice if someone had asked if there was a problem.  I didn't want to complain, since we just didn't care for the taste, but part of me was hoping that someone would ask.]

- Then we had a lamb carpaccio that was out of this world.  Really, really fantastic flavor combinations on this plate.  

[Minor complaint #4: It only came with two small pieces of bread.  Maybe I don't understand the economics of bread, but I'll never understand why restaurants will serve you some luxurious dish and then skimp on the bread.  I'd rather risk having a piece left over than have to worry about whether or not I'm putting too much on any slice.]

I'll go out of complaint mode, though, because we asked for a little more bread and it was delivered fresh out of the toaster by the chef himself a few minutes later.  That was nice.

- Then we had the poutine.  Wow.  Really, really good.  I'm a huge fan of this dish, and in the past I've generally thought that there were two kinds of poutine: correctly made traditional poutine and crappy cheese fries masquerading as poutine.  This innovative take proved me wrong.  The combination of the duck fat fries, generous slices of foie gras and fried cheese curds plus a sauce that wasn't quite a gravy but was really, really good just blew me away.  

- Dry-aged strip.  Another big winner.  Perfectly cooked medium rare steak covered with generous globs of bone marrow butter and served with sweet breads and lentils.  It was just as good as it sounds.  Since we were so stuffed at this point we had about half of this wrapped up.  I think I'll eat it right after I finish this review.  

Overall,  this was a really, really fantastic meal.  One thing I really appreciated was the portion size-- I kind of expected that their "small plates" would be much smaller, and I appreciated the bang for the buck.  We would probably substitute out the large plate next time for another small plate and dessert.  

This is really great food in an energetic space with a very friendly staff.
One of the best dinner experiences in Madison!!! 

What you need to know:
1. Go HUNGRY
2. Definitely go with at least another person that you can share food with (so you can SAMPLE more which = ENJOYING more. You will thank me later)
3. great beer selection (we had the tyranena dirty old man--- oooh, soo smooth and good)
4. Arancini (perfect perfect perfect! Wish we could have had more!)
5. Duck fat fries (need I say more? You got to try it. They don't have ketchup- but ask for it and instead you will get something way better! The chef whipped up a red pepper dipping sauce in SECONDS!)
6. Rabbit rilette (hubby and I didn't know what it was- ordered it anyway and googled it after eating half of it). Just eat it. Enjoy it... WOW!
7. Quail: hubby said "this is sex on a plate!" it was really that good!
8. Agnolotti: perfectly cooked- amazing-- melt in your mouth, oooh-  yum!!! 
9. Didn't eat dessert- please see number 1. We ate too much. Will DEFINITELY be going back!!! 
10. Great place to wow someone and make them feel special!
I was really, really excited to try out this new Willy St. spot.  My first experience left me disappointed. 

Here's what was good:
1. It was my favorite dish of the evening, so you'd think I'd remember the name...  It was a pasta stuffed with venison. Absolutely fantastic!
2. The chocolate beignets for dessert were terrific. 

Here is how the experience can be improved:
1. Put a dimmer switch on the lights. Damn, it's bright in there! I really enjoyed the communal seating approach, but I don't light so bright that my neighbor can see my pores! 
2. Tighten up the staff's presentation and performance. They were sloppy. From the "uniforms" to the food delivery to the timeliness to the billing. All were off and definitely took away from the overall evening. 
3. Give us some serving spoons! All the dishes are meant to share, but no serving spoons were provided. I found this a bit odd. 
4. Open kitchen? Keep it clean! If you're going to have an open kitchen concept - keep it orderly and clean - at least where customers can see! Dirty plates, dirty aprons and a cook chugging cans of Sprite all evening were not the most appealing view inside of the kitchen.

I'll give it another shot at some point. They definitely need to step it up if they are to legitimately compete against other Willy St. and downtown options.
An anniversary dinner and a James Beard nomination (nom-nomination) finally got us to PIAFC. Two apps, three small plates, a bottle of wine and dessert. Any place that serves sardines, in this case pickled and lightly smoked, is starting on the right foot, as far as this guy is concerned. The pork rillete was very tasty once it warmed up. The grilled octopus with a spicy red sauce on chick peas was outstanding. A red beet plate with pistachio 'soil' was an excellent palette cleanser before the venison raviolis. We ended with a high-end, fancy version of donut-holes (5) with chocolate sauce. Do not miss this desert! I managed pics of almost every other dish but these almost disappeared before I regained my composure and remembered to grab a shot of the last one.

This is foodie territory. No burgers, cheese curds or Walleye here. Beautifully presented (eat with your eyes, then your mouth), intensely flavored .... good stuff. Decent, Italian-leaning wine list. Since it was an anniversary dinner, I toyed with the idea of bringing a special bottle of wine. When I queried about a corkage fee, they replied "$25/bottle, two bottle minimum". Why not just say, "f*ck you, drink our wines".  I'm still getting used to Midwest attitudes about wine and food.

A wonderful dinner. A little over a hundred bucks and worth every penny. We'll go back for the large plates soon.
Even though Yelp never publishes ANY of my reviews, this place was so good I had to write one anyway. Everything was great, but the chorizo stuffed dates were an epiphany. You HAVE to get them. The octopus and the pork belly were also stellar. Needless to say, I will be back. Hopefully very soon.
A pig in a fur coat was amazing.  I went with a group of 5; we arrived right at 5pm and were the first people in the dining room, although within 25 minutes the room was full.  If you'd like to go here, I would suggest arriving before 5:30 or after 9pm (the chef told us that 9pm is about the best time to come).  We had a fantastic and leisurely meal, leaving around 7:50.  There were lots of people waiting by 7pm, and the room was growing loud but not unbearably so. 

I thought the price was more than reasonable for the quality and amount of food we got.  We shared the charcuterie & cheese platter (came with bread, sausage, jamon, pork cheek, quail egg, mustard, blue cheese w/honey, and some really funky and delicious sheepsmilk cheese, althoug I would expect the board to change with availability), arancini, duck fat fries, ravioli, pork belly, venison ribs, beets, & poutine, & finished with the Sfingi & bread pudding.  I think we ended up with 1 bottle (maybe $36?  wine ranged from I think about $25-99/bottle and about a third of the list is available by the glass) & 3 glasses of wine, 1 beer, and then after-dinner coffees/espressos/hot chocolates, and were right under $50/person before tip.  

When I go back (*if* is not a question), I will probably skip the fries (blasphemy to some, I'm sure, but after the poutine maybe I was fry-overloaded), but will be most tempted to order the ravioli and arancini again.  Everything was fantastic, though. The dishes are really well put together-- always something surprising, and uniformly delicious. All food comes out as it's prepared. We intentionally took it slow and only ordered a few plates at a time, which the waitress told us was fine (especially since we arrived relatively early). 

Everyone we interacted with was very helpful and friendly. The space is sparsely decorated but welcoming.  This place is a gem.
PiaFC is one of the best places to eat in all of Madison. There! I said it!

This place encapsulates what I love about Madison. Foodies will love it, but my farmer father thinks it also sounds delicious. The flavors are familiar enough to appeal to a wide group of people, but the execution gives it the wow factor that will keep you coming back.  It is classic food, at it's finest, dressed up in a mink coat. ;)

Service - Great! I love wine and had looked at the list ahead of time, but I still chatted the waitress about the list and she knew it well. I went with a group and we requested to have a slow,  lingering experience. We got that. I never felt rushed and we even got to meet the chef in person!  Every once in a while, he came out and chatted with the customers, which I really appreciate.

Drinks - Mostly Italians wines. Red list is much better than the white. Beers are mostly local (and delicious) with some other good standards from around the country.

Atmosphere - Communal dining. Some small tables, but also a few long, shared tables. Even though it is a small space, they make good use of it. 

Price - I was pleasantly surprised when we got the bill. Albeit, we never ordered a large plate, but ordered MOST of the appetizers and small plates, along with alcohol. For what you get, this is a steal.

Food -   Amazing. Charcuterie and Cheese plate is a really unique combination of delicious cheeses, cured meats, and other various tasty additions. The duck fat fries were all I hoped they would be. The poutine with foie gras was wonderful, but rich. We had many of the small plates, but the stars were the egg yolk ravioli and venison short ribs. The ravioli is like breakfast on steroids. It is a magical combination of creamy, rich, salty and savory. The venison short rib fell off the bone into a glistening, juicy meld of spicy, sweet and savory. I don't even eat venison (because I don't usually like it) but I Loved the short ribs. Dessert was wonderful as well. The Sfingi is much more complex than just a fried dough. There are hints of cinnamon and orange and a thick chocolate sauce. Decadent. 

Takeaway is fabulous! PinFC really is a Madison treasure. Lets hope for a John Beard winner!
What a great restaurant.  Eclectic, well thought-out menu, great wine selection, and a staff that really knows the menu and seem very invested in the business.  Yes, it's small and can be very busy.  We were a party of four on a Monday night at 6:30 and were seated immediately.  I am still dreaming about the rabbit rillette - yum!
Picture this: a Saturday night, pantyhose pulled up and ready to contain, your fake (but extremely convincing) black Chanel bag is draped over your shoulder and you're working a positive attitude seeing as it is finally reaching almost 40 degrees outside. Can you say "relatable"? This was me walking into A Pig in a Fur Coat last night and while it may not describe you, this restaurant will invite you in whether rocking a coat of fake fur (I mean, it's Willy St.) or Packers print.

I ate at this small hub of porky goodness for the first time almost a year ago and naturally, the deliciousness of their menu items and coziness of the atmosphere remains constant. Poutine, Smoked Salmon, Venison Short Ribs, Bread Pudding and Chardonnay were the picks of last night and by golly, it was already time to relive them all again upon waking up this morning. The foie gras in the poutine and sweetly saucy (oh behave) bread pudding were definite highlights. Service is friendly, vibes are unpretentious and pigging out is highly encouraged.
Too expensive.

I used to live in Madison and now I live in New York and this is expensive even by the New York standards. Everything is split into Snacks, Small Plates and Large Plates. Sharing is encouraged. My understanding is that Snacks and Small Plates are somewhat similar size and we were told that Large Plates are the size of an entre. Well of a really small entre. All entrees were $22+ and there is no way the amount of food could satisfy a grown person. I am a small woman and I could eat 3 of such entrees easily. For examples, the scallop large plate had 3 scallops on it.

If you try to hit one of best value-priced items order the rabbit rillettes. Be prepared that it's very greasy (as all rillettes go) and order extra bread. That was a pretty filling Small Plate/Snack for $12.

I thought that wine and beer was priced reasonably, $4-5 for beer and $7-8 for a glass of wine on average. For dessert everyone seems to be ordering the bread pudding for $8.

Some tables are communal if you don't mind that. It was warm outside even at tables next to the windows. Big plus for that for a Madison restaurant.

Be prepared for the food to be very greasy. If not animal fat then it will be dripping with some oil. It's tasty but greasy so if you try to eat healthy you will have a hard time but that's not why we go out to eat, right!

At  8 pm on Friday night the place was still packed so the business so far is brisk. Pigs are a casual bunch even in coats so don't worry about dressing up. There wasn't one dressed up person when we were there. So enjoy, it's quite a gem on Willy street and I dare you to order tripe.
While the menu was interesting, it is not something I would have typically gravitated towards. To my surprise the group I was with very much enjoyed it! I highly suggest going there with a few friends and ordering a combination of snack and small plate items (don't forget the duck fat fries!). Also had the quail stuffed with chorizo which was amazing. Simply said - great food with a lot of flavor; I will be back on my next trip to Madison!
This makes me want to downgrade Nostrano to 4 stars. Really.

Holy fuck.

Food was outstanding--this is, by far, my best meal in Madison.

I went with three friends and we ordered a bunch of things--split everything!

We started out with the duck poutine, pork belly, and bombolini. Ugh, amazing. The poutine was fried in duck fat and had a few pieces of outstanding foie gras. Everything was fresh, cooked perfectly, and delicious.

Bombolini was served with some kind of liver-ish pate on top, as well as fig. Again...amazing. And the pork belly?! Don't get me started on the pork belly! Phenomenal, and that sweet potato puree beneath was killer.

For the large plates we got the porchette--which was a giant thing of pork (PORK!) served over a bed of garlic mashed potatoes with root veggies and scallops. It. was. killer. Pork was cooked magnificently, along with the crunch of the yams and parsnips? Ugh, heaven.

Oh, and the scallops?! Served over sweet potato pancakes and topped with a slice of pork belly (PORK!) and what appeared to be ricotta. Unbefuckinglievable. Only drawback: scallops were slightly undercooked, but honestly? Everything else was phenomenal.

Dessert was an italian pastry--similar to a munchkin (Dunkin' Donuts) or donut hole, whatever you want to call it--doused in a dark chocolate sauce. Amazing.

Total, with a beer and a 22%-ish tip was $40. That also includes paying for my roommates' second beers (I had just one! ...it would've been about 36-37 with tip otherwise). A bargain by any stretch for what we got!

I must go back before I leave this city. I must!
I came here with a couple friends and split several dishes.  The food was fantastic!  The communal table in the middle was a little strange (and slightly too high) but it added to the quirky charm of the restaurant.  Of especial note is the poutine (eat it quick before the fats coagulate!) and the scallop.  You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu here.
Preface: do not go here thinking there is any way you'll be able to avoid eating your four-legged friends. Not only will you eat them, you'll do it all while boasting a shit eating grin. Needless to say, I had to take a "break" from my vegetarian stint for this experience - I mean, come on, the guy was up for the James Beard award. What more excuse do you need than that?

Dylan K is right: "holy fuck" This is the perfect place to go if you're into eating family style. To top it off, they have communal tables. The whole thing makes you feel like you're sitting in your nona's kitchen waiting for the next feasty course to come out. Only your nona probably doesn't make poutine with duck fat fries and pork belly. She might make ravioli but I bet it isn't served with egg yolk, bacon, ricotta, brown butter and brussels sprouts. I'm pretty sure my heart stopped beating while we were at A Pig In A Fur Coat. The feasting didn't stop there - we also had the pork belly with butternut squash, maple syrup and sunflowers. Delicious, but note that this dish is truly a "small pate" as it's name notes. 

Our server couldn't have been better. He was extremely laid back and responded with honest but tactful answers to our questions and even told us a few fun stories from previous diners orgasmic eating experiences. We were attempting to save a bit of room for our next stop, Forequarter, but according to several of the wait staff, we couldn't walk out the door without trying their bread pudding. Bread pudding made with cherries, white chocolate, pecans and homemade caramel gelatto. Pig In A Fur Coat officially earned itself a spot in Brittany's "Pants Unbuttoned" list.
The food is rich, and the presentation artful. The flavors magically get out of each other's way so you can distinguish each ingredient as well as the emergent, combined aromas. 

This kind of super power with food was good news for the Beets dish, where the subtle flavors of tender beets and pickled carrots really came through, and the Rabbit Rillette on toasted crostini was punctuated with tart cherries. But a dish like the Torchon, a melt-in-my-mouth foie gras atop a chewy donut, settled in a shmear of fig, and wrapped in a salty ribbon of guanciale was really overpowering. All my senses were inundated with lights, smells, and tastes, and I couldn't handle it. I imagine it's a bit like how babies feel right out of the womb. 

The Hamachi collar was crispy and tender - though I had to spit out a few scales and small bones. The bread pudding came soaked in salted brown butter with a caramelized, crunchy topping. As with the most of other dishes, it was the richest thing I've eaten all year. 

If you are not with a large party and therefore can't try everything on the menu, I recommend ordering based on the ingredients you feel like eating that day. Don't be afraid to ask your servers if you don't know what something is; they are warm and knowledgeable.
Diverse, creative, beautiful, delicious food with excellent service. Protein overload. Fries with foie gras. Fries with duck fat. Beef heart. Octopus. Mussels. Pork belly. Rabbit confite. And so on. Communal tables, no reservations. Surprisingly inexpensive. We brought 10 people here and had more than we could possibly eat ,and it still came out to only about $50 per head including wine. A high point of Madison visit. Not to be missed.
Wow, wow, wow! You can tell that each and every dish is the result of a real chef that CARES about being creative, unique, and innovative with the food that his restaurant produces. 

It's restaurants like A Pig in a Fur Coat that have made me crave and love local businesses and shudder at chains. There is so much passion and thought oozing form every duck fat laden dish!
Wow, I don't know where to start.  The meal was THAT good!  We wandered over to A Pig in a Fur Coat this past Monday evening after learning that Sardine, where we'd planned to dine that evening, was hosting a wine event and is normally closed on Monday.  Both my BF and I are just thrilled that we tried APINFC (I'm tired of spelling it out).  

We got a table outside and shared a bottle of Argentinian Malbec.  We started with the divine, decadent Duck Fat Fries with Garlic Aioli.  Perfection.  We then had the Chorizo Wrapped Dates followed by the Beet & Carrot Salad.  The dates were interesting.  I ended up liking them but I thought they had a strong green pepper taste at first.  Perhaps another plate of them and I'd be completely on board with them.  The beet salad?  Oh, I could eat that EVERY DAY.  BF and I were goading each other into licking the malt soil and goat cheese off of the empty plate.

We shared the Porchetta, which was quite mild, actually, after eating the beets.  But it was incredibly good nonetheless.  Truffled mashed potatoes.  Maple glazed carrots and parsnips (mmmmmm, parsnips!), veal broth.

For dessert we shared the bread pudding with cherries.  Neither of us had any room left to eat it, but of course we represented and polished it off anyhow.

Our bill before tax was around $100, including a $40 bottle of wine.  Considering all of the food we got for $30 per person (omitting the wine) we both thought it was a good value for the high quality incredients, beautiful presentation and knowledgable staff.

Thanks APINFC.  We will be back.
This is hands down my new favorite restaurant in Madison. The food is deliciously decadent and prepared with a lot of attention to detail, the atmosphere is nice and relaxed, and the wait staff are nice.

The food comes in three different sizes and are all intended to be shared. We got one snack size, three small plates, and one dessert for the two of us and we were pretty full. Well even after the main courses I was about to burst but definitely try out the dessert because that stuff is awesome! My favorites for the meal were the poutine (holy cow this was amazing), pork belly, and the bread pudding. If you had to pick one thing, though, definitely try the poutine -- the foie gras is this really creamy texture with a barbequed bratwurst taste, and the french fries and cheese curds are a nice and crispy contrast.
Oooook, so, if you are stalking my reviews (which you shouldn't, btw, that's weird), you will notice that, apparently, in my single day in Madison we ate at both PIAFC and Forequarter. Yes, we had two dinners. Well, two 2/3 dinners, so really only 4/3 dinners, which isn't that bad. We just couldn't decide!

Anyway, here we had a beer (Sofie) and two dishes. The place has no cocktails (boooo), and the bar staff honestly just didn't seem that knowledgable about their drinks. I asked for a Black IPA recommendation, got Sofie instead. It's ok, I like Sofie. But still. 

Food, however, was great. Duck fat fries more or less always win, but these did, so that's good. Rich as shit though, so be careful. Decidedly NOT a health food. 

Lamb carpaccio was the best thing we ate in Madison. Very rich, worked well the the egg, cheese, and greens. 

All in all, I think the food is up to par, they need to work on their drink service a bit. Not quite as funky/cool as forequarter - fewer bears, beards, tattoos, etc. I'd say go to Forequarter first (more interesting, less heavy, more veggies), but do PIAFC on day two.
Wow!  That is what my fiance said about the scallops on a potato pancake topped with pork belly.  Amazing!  Is what she said about the Duck Fat Fries.  We loved this place.  The prices are reasonable and the service excellent.  My only advice, as we found out the hard way, is that the place is very small and not set up for children.  Had we researched before we stopped in, we would have planned to leave our baby with a sitter.  Everyone was very friendly and we did not feel unwelcome, but the space is just not set up for that. This place is excellent if you like to order something and share, and they recommend that right up front.  Plan to dress a little trendy and don't miss the Duck Fat Fries.
It was our first time eating here and was a gastronomical experience.   We shared all of our dishes among 4 people. We had duck fat fries, pappardelle, lamb, porchetta, prime strip and rhubarb pie, which were all excellent.  They are all unusual dishes in how they are prepared and presented, but the flavor combinations were great.  Half of our group liked the pork belly, while the others found the amount of fat overwhelming.  
The atmosphere is casual with a small number of tables outside too.
We will be back!
My only complaint about this place is that I wish it was bigger so it was easier to get in! 

It's a 'cozy' environment....but still great! We went around 4:00 and avoided the crowd but by 5 the place was packed with people waiting. 

The menu is small, but everything on it sounds interesting. My husband and I shared several dishes----everything was amazing. We couldn't even say no to dessert, the Sicilian Sfingi.....these little orange flavored doughnut balls covered in a chocolate glaze. Unbelievable.
We have eaten here 6 or so times in the last year and have yet to have even a single misstep happen.  Great food, fun atmosphere, excellent service!  Duck fat fries, stuffed dates, pork belly, steak, rabbit, octopus and more.  It's better with at least 4 people so you can try many small, medium and large plates.  Wonderful wine and beer selection, too.  What's not to love?  I guess, if pressed for something to complain about, it would be no reservations.  Arrive early to assure a table.
On of the best meals I have ever had. The duck fat fries and foie gras were delicious!
My new fav restaurant in Madison, and I'm pretty fickle.  Located right off Williamson St. with plenty of nearby parking, we enjoyed every dish.  For starters, we went with the marinated olives, a generous mound of assorted olives with shaved fennel, and the squash blossoms, deep fried in a garlic aioli.  Delicious, but I would have preferred a lighter presentation with less batter.

We then moved on to the Octopus, served with garbanzo beans, and the pork belly, served with hints of maple syrup.  Both were outstanding and not to be missed.  If you love bacon, which I know you do, then the pork belly is not to be missed.  Probably the best use of fat on the planet.

For entrees we went with the porchetta, a generous cut of pork served with parsnips and carrots with a hint of maple.  One of the most filling and delicious entrees I've ever had.  If Madison had a pro baseball team I'd use all kinds of baseball metaphors, like they "hit it outta the park" and "a grand slam."  But, since Madison is known for...ice fishing...I'm really at a loss here.  Well, anyway, it was "quite the catch."  Get this.

The dry aged NY strip was also delicious, but for once I didn't have dinner envy as I was enjoying my porchetta.  Cooked just right, tender and juicy.  

My love for this place is now akin to that of Kermit and Miss Piggy, and I look forward to her loving embrace, swimming in an ecstasy of pork fat.
I had the most lovely waiter here. I ordered a Malbec and said I always default to Malbec when I don't know what else to order. He said if I liked Malbec, I should try another specific wine they had, so I did - and he was right! This sort of interaction continued thoughout the menu. I've rarely had an experience like that where a waiter not only went out of his way to be so helpful and then was actually helpful. Or rather - you see that at places like l'Etoile but Pig in a Fur coat is in a different market where you might nor expect that. It was great.

Also the food is very tasty. Fries with truffle oil? I need those. Because reasons.
Fabulous. Decor, service, presentation, menu, flavors, drinks-everything gets 4 stars. This restaurant is a prime example of a place that really knows what it is doing from the ground up. Call me impressed.
My wife had the marinated olives, which she thought were great. (I hate olives.) It's a lot of olives too for $4, so that bit is a great deal.

The lamb carpaccio is excellent. The poutine with foie gras and cheese curds and truffle oil is really memorable, one of the most decadent dishes I've had in a long time. We had the quail stuffed with chorizo, which ended up being a bit dry somehow (possibly overcooked?), so I wish I ordered the pork belly + scallops + sweet potato dish our table neighbor ordered. Those looked amazing. The donuts dessert is excellent. Smothered in chocolate and just barely cooked so the dough is still soft and creamy. I'm a fan.

Our server was extremely friendly and helpful. A bit of a wait due to dinner rush but it's not a big deal, just be warned if you walk in on Friday night at 7 p.m.

Would go here often if I lived in Madison.
diamond in the rough for sure. surrounding neighborhood is full of rotted out houses, but this place does great things regardless of their location.  charcuterie platter was great, prices are affordable for the quality presented, and the staff was eager.  i recommend the duck egg ravioli, because the brown butter and fried swiss chard give it a winning edge.  fois grois mousse was creamy and the flavor was great with the fig paste, but is was a clunky eat and hard to divide.  all in all we ate like kings, drank a bottle of wine, had desert and split a glass of prosecco for less than $120.  if i lived in the area i would find an excuse to go eat the charcuterie platter a couple times a week over drinks.
I think you should go to this restaurant. Just know ahead of time that it's strange. The charcuterie platter was quite expensive for what it is, just a bit of meat, two kinds of cheese, blue and WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!?!?
The "other" cheese is the worst cheese either of us had ever tasted. The wonderfully cheery waitress chimed in " oh, we agree! When they bring it in, we hold our noses and avoid it". It is referred to as a "cave aged sheep's milk". Well, the maker needs to get a flashlight and go check their cave cuz I think there's a dead emu decomposing in it.
Duck fat fries: Lovely! 
No ketchup: Idiots. You know, you could make your own artisanal ketchup, guys. Alice Waters has a recipe in her "Tailgating" cookbook. I wonder how many times a day they get asked for this obvious condiment.

Dessert: Fried ricotta donuts in chocolate sauce. 5 Stars.

So, all in all, this is a hipster enterprise extraorinaire. They are full of themselves, as great artists often are. Just be prepared to pay for someone else's flights of fancy in a pretty environment.
The liver poutine and duck fries as people have said truly amazing. I had the scallops with the vanilla cream topping and apple butter layer underneath. I have a bit of a sweet tooth and found it incredibly sweet and savory. An very well crafted dish.

The only reason I'm not providing the full 5 star is the atmosphere. I thought the food was great but the servers are all college students and gave off a really chill vibe. I'm not sure if it's only me but I would just would like a little more attention and expertise when explaining the wine list when paying a plate premium.
One of my favorite newer restaurants.  I always, always, always try the ravioli which has browned butter, duck eggs, and bacon on it.  Poutine and duck fat fries are the stuff of my dreams! You can even feel free to show up in a swim suit with a coverup like we did! haha!
Visited A Pig in a Fur Coat last night with some friends in Madison. Great selection of brews and wine to choose from.

Since there was 6 of us we all opted to order something different and share it. We also have one friend who has a garlic allergy, which some places handle poorly. We let out server know and within minutes the chef was at our table going through the entire menu letting us know what doesn't have or can come without garlic easily.

We had the duck fat fries, winner. The poutine, some of the best foie gras I've ever had. The ravioli was absolutely amazing. The lamb heart was extremely delicious... Needless to say, there was no disappointment with anything served.

For dessert, I suggest the bread pudding with the basil gelato, and the awesome coffee!
Meh. I wanted to like this place because I live nearby but I was incredibly disappointed. For a pricey tapas restaurant it's lacking in atmosphere and consistency in the quality of dishes. The space is tiny and stuffy and the bar is beer & wine only. I had four dishes. Two were excellent and two were awful. For the price and pomp I expected a better overall quality. For dessert I had the bread pudding. It  was bland and tasteless. I'm not one to walk away from desserts but after two bites I knew something was wrong and didn't finish it. If you want good quality tapas for a similar price and in a nice setting skip this place and head over to Icon.
This place is great and was shocked it didn't win Best New Restaurant....it should have.  We love to come here with a group of four....eat slowly and order a bunch of different items through out the meal.  The menu always changes and there are always some new preparations.  

Some favorites.....stuffed dates, pork belly, charcuterie plate, scallops, lamb carpaccio, etc.  This place is good.  Go, wait your turn for the table and eat out of your comfort zone.  You'll love it.
2nd visit better than ever. Don't miss it. Don't eat anything that day before dinner. Take lots of people so you can try one of everything.
Not quite as good as Forequarter in my book, but some definite advantages like the additional seating and the more wordly menu (if you happen to be feeling that...the local focus of Forequarter is certainly not a downside) like scallops, octopus, dates, etc.

Also how I found out about the existence of San Pellegrino Blood Orange, which is the best drink like ever (3/6-pack at Woodman's!)
We chose this restaurant because the chef was recognized as a rising chef by the James Beard Foundation, and it was not a mistake.  The restaurant is in a funky neighborhood in Madison, away from the circle around the Capital, in more of a warehouse district.  Inside it reminded me quite a lot of The Purple Pig in Chicago, with high tables that are solidly built.  Diners are perched on bar height chairs and you share a table with other diners.  We were a group of five, so they put one of us at the head of the table, and it worked out beautifully.


Now to the food--there are small plates, appetizer plates, and larger portions, and we shared a mixture of them all.  The French Fries fried in duck fat was my favorite, but others at my table favored the poutine, which was the aforementioned fires covered with gravy, with some fried cheese curds and some fois gras for those who didn't think the dish was quite rich enough. They do make things that are fired exceptionally well, but the porchetta with mashed potatoes was stunning as well.  They have a lovely selection of Wisconsin microbrewery beers to go along with the fabulous food, and I would highly recommend this place.
The weather's changing, 
the menu's changing, 
but one thing remains the same... this is probably where I will eat my last meal in Madison. Keep your pants on, I'm not going anywhere. Just simply stating that because of several factors including octopus, price-per-portion, creativity, staff, octopus, consistency, wine offerings, rotating menu and octopus, it's high on my list. In a city overcome with elevated and interesting fair, these guys are consistently coming up with menu items that read like a dream and taste like heaven. And they have an amazing bottle of Rose right now (forgot the name) with just enough sparkle to light up an evening. Staff is always helpful at making recommendations, charting out an evening, and I've never felt rushed to make decisions, even when there's been a gaggle of people waiting outside. I know people stay close to the Capital. 
I know when people head East they don't head too East. 
But if you haven't been to Pig In A Fur Coat you are doing yourself a disservice. I find it harder to snag a table in the colder months (perhaps because they eliminate patio seating?) so now is the time! Do it!
I liked this place, but  I wasn't blown away by it. 

I shared 4 small dishes plus the duck fat fries with BF. The dishes were all good, but only 2 of them stood out. The oxtail pappardelle were by far my favorites. The sauce had the perfect depth of flavor and the texture was amazing. They managed to make the oxtail feel not greasy at all. And the Parmesan had a breadcrumb crunchiness that stood perfectly against the velvety sauce and smooth pasta.
The duck ravioli (actually a single raviolo) was good. Pasta was the right thickness an the egg was perfectly cooked: firm Egg white and oozy yolk. All as drenched in cheesy butter that of course made it only more delicious.

The elk ribs and the octopus were less perfect. Both meats were coked to perfection: the elk deliciously fall apart and the octopus soft and crunchy from grilling. The sides that came with them were quite underwhelming. The Polenta that came with the elk was way too cheesy and soft and the accompanying plums were lost in the sauce. The chickpeas  that came with the octopus were superfluous and the pepper sauce just wrong: sour and acidic in the wrong way. Note I love peppers, but I rarely like pepper based sauces with added acidity, they jus taste off to me... But I might be the odd one here.

Fries were really good and managed miraculously to not feel greasy or heavy. Dessert was a under filled cream puff: not enough filling and a tiny bit too gummy.

Hats off to the wine: very good! And I also liked the communal table: was nice to chat with some of the other guests!

Will be back and try something different. For sure I will make sure to have the pasta!
Our first trip to "A Pig In a Fur Coat".  We like to try newer restaurants and was pleased we were able to get a table at 7pm on a Friday night, (they do not accept reservations). Seating is family style and we met a wonderful family visiting from Tennessee.  The atmosphere is cute and the service was outstanding, which means  we will revisit the restaurant, but we are not rushing to get back to the Pig.  We need to try different menu items....in order to share a fair experience.
We came as a group of five midweek. We were seated family style at high tables. They have a fairly large selection of local brews. Our meal consisted of a series of shared plates. There are three sizes: appetizer, small, and large dishes. The poutine with cheese curds and four gras was a nice twist on the traditional poutine. We had the grilled octopus that had just the right amount of char to it.  The charcuterie plate was enjoyed by all. And least I forget, the pork belly! We were able to add on dishes as ate along. By the time we were done eating,there was a crowd waiting for seats.  Definitely worth another visit.
Delicious tapas style dining. Actual dishes may not actually be Spanish, but very flavorful. Service is great and pretty casual. Duck fat fries truly have the duck fat flavor. octopus is worth a try. Other favs include the ravioli, hamachi and the scallops. They also an extensive beer collection including alcoholic ginger beer.
Dined at Pig In a Fur Coat for the first time this past weekend and was not let down. Their casual atmosphere and phenomenal food pair well together. After seeing their chef at Kohler Food & Wine we knew we had to make the trip to experience his cuisine.
Our server was casual and laid back which was a nice change for this kind of cuisine. The duck fat fries must be ordered. The ravioli with brown butter sauce was great however rich which is the theme of their food. We had the porchetta and waygu strip for entrees and were again very pleased with our choices. Great wine and beer list although next time I might pass and focus on filling up on the delicious food. The food is delicious and rich with generous portions, plenty for leftovers.
I came in and tried small plates - in order to sample many thing. 
I liked the duck fat fries. I mean...who wouldn't?
I liked the dates and chorizo although I think a bit of cream in the tomato sauce wouldn't hurt. The acid against the sweet taste and gooey texture didn't *quite* work. 
The foie mousse was delicious, but foie is just delicious. 

The REAL DEAL is the Papardelle. Absolutely perfect, silken, broad ribbons of glory with a PERFECT. bolognese - Dan knows meat.... well. 

Nice little menu and educated palates in the kitchen. 
You really can't go wrong.
Excellent service from beginning to end. Our server was well versed in the plates and the chef was very knowledgeable about gluten allergies and made sure I was able to enjoy every bite. The meal was exquisite from the rabbit rillette, dates stuffed with chorizo, elk ribs and my boyfriend's papardelle.
Almost perfect.  Attentive service, great atmosphere, and creative menu.  The only thing that I think fell short was the preparation in food.  It could be preference or perhaps an unusual fluke, but I just felt that the food fell one step behind perfect.  Due to this, most of the dishes weren't as memorable as I wanted them to be.   I did order  dishes with ingredients that I am familiar with cooking with, so I would like to say that I know the potential for flavors.  The dishes I ordered are listed below.  

Duck Fat Fries/ parmigiano reggiano/ garlic aioli
Octopus/ garbanzo/ greens/ olives/ piquillo
Wagyu Beef/ bone marrow/ potato/ onion/
mushroom/ oxtail
Ravioli/ egg yolk/ bacon/ ricotta/ brown butter/ swiss chard
Cheesecake/ peach/ brandy/ graham cracker

The duck fat fries were amazing.  I would say this was the one dish that I might have dreams about.  The octopus had a lot of potential.  I  would have preferred it to just be braised.  I think it was taken a step further and grilled.  Maybe grilled too long?  The grilling took away from the flavor. The Wagyu Beef was good, but was not as flavorful as I expected.  Perhaps under seasoned?  The Ravioli and cheese cake was good but didn't sparkle.  Overall it was good.  

My little nit picking might be due to the fact that I had visited Forequarter the night before.  I felt the restaurants were very similar, but I think Forequarter exemplified perfection at all level.  The concepts were similar, but I believe Forequarter had a better menu and execution of the food.
Hands down, absolutely one of THE most delightful places you'll ever dine at in Madison. What, you haven't been here?! Get going, this place does not disappoint! The staff, the food, the ambiance, the neighborhood all work so well together . And the wine list: Fabulous!! 

I wish I could give it more than 5 stars.
If you give this restaurant less than 4 stars I kind of question whether you have a soul. As others have said, the duck fat fries and pappardelle are can't-misses. I won't say that every dish is perfect, but they all offer something well above and beyond what you're going to find at another restaurant or (in my case) realistically make in your own home. The atmosphere is also bright and fun, and sharing is encouraged which is very much my jam. Even the beer list is full of great options that you won't find elsewhere in town.
I think I'm in love. I thought about you all night.  Is it too soon to call you again? I think we have something special here... A very elevated meal in a very casual space. One could almost call it a hole in the wall, but affectionately. Wood surfaces, trendy and small dining room. There is no hard alcohol served, only beer and wine. (I was a little sad about that, but hey, I get it.)

 Their menu is designed to be shared, and does change with the seasons and special items that the chef comes across. (YES.) Plates come in three sizes: Small, Medium and Large. Between two people we sampled a variety of items, including the Duck Fat Fries, Wagyu Beef, Foie Gras, Meatballs, and Pork Belly.  (Only the Wagyu steak being the 'large' or entree size amongst them, and was about double the price of any other item we tried.)  Everything was delectable. I particularly loved the Foie Gras plate with fig and beignets. (Though you only needed a little taste of the plentiful amount of fig paste provided, or it overpowered the rest of the flavors.) The steak was very tasty, but frankly it was not as spectacular as the ox-tail lentils provided with it and serving as both sauce and side dish.  The meatballs were tasty and satisfying, but the star of that dish was the bone marrow juice/sauce at the bottom which obediently soaked into bites of the meatballs. And the duck fat fries?  Well, obviously duck fat fries are delicious, so no surprise there. And the garlic aioli they provided was melt-in-your-mouth smooth.

Anyway, I thoroughly recommend this place. We left quite satisfied, feeling fat and full and decadent after 5 plates, most of which were small and medium sized, plus a beer, for about $75. For the food quality, and very adequate service, very reasonable.
As if Thanksgiving dinner didn't stuff me like a turkey, my family and I came here for dinner on Black Friday proceeding to stuff ourselves again...but with no regrets! Our dinner here was full of delicious food and superb service.

We came in for an early dinner around 5:30 or so and were the first customers in the restaurant. We got seated right away which was nice since this place is known for having long waits at times due to its popularity and limited seating! Our waiter tended to us right away and was there to explain any dish and give his recommendations, which was much appreciated. He was the best waiter I have had in the past few months.

We started our meal with an order of duck fat fries and beets. I am not much of a fry person, but these fries were pretty damn delicious and the beets were also spot on. They were a nice mix of roasted and pickled beets, ranging from golden to red beets with a few other variations between.

Next we tried the rabbit rillette, pappardelle, and mussels. The rillette was the waiter's recommendation and man am I happy he recommended it. It's not something I would have picked off the menu but it was divine, the rabbit was smooth with just the right fat content. This was perfectly offset by the sides of honeyed cherries and crunchy toast. This and the pappardelle were my favorites! The pappardelle was spot on...perfectly al dente homemade noodles with a bolognese sauce popping with endless flavor. Anyone who doesn't like this dish shouldn't be allowed to have taste buds!

After we polished off our small plates (probably in record time since I come from a clan of fast eaters) we ordered 2 large plates, porchetta and wagyu beef. These were both very well prepared but if it's your first time here I would fill up on a few small plates instead of one large plate, in order to get a better taste of what they have to offer.

We had thoroughly stuffed ourselves but decided to squeeze in dessert and ordered the panna cotta and the cream puff. Both were delicious, but the panna cotta was definitely more refined in my opinion. It was a perfect circle of jiggly glow, surrounded by these delicious cherries that had been soaked in something and a dusty of something with a little crunch. The cream puff was tasty but not the best value for $8...seemed like something that could be made at home.

All-in-all Pig in a Fur Coat was a solid choice for dinner...come here on your next date night, family dinner, etc!
Any restaurant with 4.5 stars is definitely a place I need to check out, especially a spot my foodie friends wont shut up about.  PIAFC did not disappoint.  

My girlfriend and i sat at one of the raised family style tables next to other couples.  After some wine conversation with the others couples was free flowing.

We had the best poutine i've ever had (foie gras, duck fat, perfectly cooked fries- yum)
The pork belly was so tender you could use a spoon to cut it.
And the guinea fowl (main plate) was pretty good too.  The main dish was my least favorite, probably because the other 2 dishes were an 11 out of 10.

One of the couples at our table leaned over and asked us if it was gluttonous to order a second dessert as they couldnt believe how delicious the bread pudding was.  So not normally being dessert people we had to try what they were raving about.  My GF got the bread pudding and verified its deliciousness.  I got the cheese cake and was blown away.  Try the cheese cake. It's stupid good.
Awesome overall dining experience. The cozy interior was pleasant and clean.  The waitstaff was very attentive and helpful and dishes were all unique and delicious. There were four of us, and we ordered 
Snacks:
1. Duck Fat Fries/ parmigiano reggiano/ garlic aioli
2. Dates/ chorizo/ piquillo peppers
Small Plates:
3. Pork Belly/ sweet potato/ apples/ sunflower/ almonds/ balsamic
4. Mussels/ crazy water/ leek/ spinach/ chilies/ toast
Large Plates:
5. Wagyu Beef (mushrooms, not sure what else, but different that currently shown on their internet menu)
Desserts:
6. Sicilian Sfingi/ chocolate/ orange
7. Panna Cotta/ orange/ brandy/ cherry/ shortbread

The highlight of the meal for me were the Duck Fat Fries. I just couldn't imagine a french fry could taste so amazing. My dining companions liked the dates, but I wouldn't chose them on a return visit. The Pork Belly was the most delicious meat that I have ever had in my mouth and went so well with its accompaniments. The Mussels were plentiful and very nice--with a delightful mild flavor. The Wagyu Beef was very nice but seemed like a less special preparation than the small plates. 

The Sfingi were delicious donut holes and we thought  they were much tastier than the Panna Cotta, which had a wonderful smooth consistency but didn't have much flavor.

With wine and tip the meal was about $155 for 4, which I felt was reasonable for the dining experience. I'm definitely planing to return. We went at 5:45 pm on a Saturday night, and there was plenty of communal seating, but the two tops were mostly filled. By 6:15 the place was packed, but when we left at 7:30 there was plenty of communal seating again. So if you don't like to wait for a table, I'd advise going early or late. I always prefer to go somewhere where I know I have a reservation, but I realize the difficulty of offering reservations in a place like this, where it is very variable how many courses a table will order and where the bulk of the seating is communal.
We lived the cozy, busy little room. Despite the close tables we were comfy. And the people next to us were just friendly enough. My favorite dish was the salmon tartar. Just enough dill,  not oversauced, nutty and unexpected faro. Also excellent was the rabbit rillettes. So rich but also herbaceous and rustic. The Turkey leg was amazing. Could have used just a few more lovely little brussel sprouts. But the meat and the sauce were incredible. The bread pudding with the cherries showed the same attention to detail as every other dish. Just outstanding food and really friendly, attentive service.
This is a quirky little restaurant on Madison's funky Willie Street. The restaurant is small so it utilizes a couple long communal tables in the center with a handful of tables around that. It only serves wine and beer. The menu is very small and the emphasis here is firmly on the food. I highly recommend examining the menu before you go. The selections are not only very limited, there are no "safe corners" of the menu. By that I mean pretty much every dish other than the duck fat fries contains at least one "challenging" ingredient that may be off-putting for the less adventurous diner. 

We tried four dishes:

Beet salad with goat cheese puree, watercress and pickled carrots. This is a dish that seems to be everywhere at the moment. This one is delicious with beautifully roasted, earthy beets. The distinguishing ingredient here is the pickled carrot. That really helps elevate the dish.

Next we had Ravioli/ egg yolk/ bacon/ ricotta/ brown butter/ swiss chard. This was an intensely salty dish. I happen to like that. It is very, very rich. The egg yolk is very runny and combines with the brown butter to make a very hearty dish. We both liked this one a lot. 

Next up was Mussels/ crazy water/ leek/ spinach/ chilies/ toast. This was just a basic bouillabaisse with just lots of muscles. I didn't detect any chilies in the dish which I think would have given it more excitement. This was just average to me. 

Lastly we had Panna Cotta/ orange/ brandy/ cherry/ shortbread. This was beautifully done. The panna cotta had a wonderful texture and the cherries had absorbed plenty of the brandy flavor. 

Service was attentive and friendly. The isn't a hint of pretense here, the interior is sparse with plain wood tables and hanging exposed filament light bulbs. The one flaw is that the light level was too high. It actually hurt our eyes and made the place seem less intimate than it is. I'd strongly prefer much lower light and a candle on the table.

We'll definitely be back to try other dishes here.
Wonderful food and service.  Staff loves food and working here and it shows.  Every dish we ate from the duck fat fries, beet salad, ravioli with duck egg, and mussels were delicious and many layers of taste.  I will return with friends.  Was a little worried about the community table but it works.   One of the best in Madison.
I don't want to mess with PFC's ratings, as the place is great.  It may not be as good as it gets, but it is about as good as it gets in Madison.  Our personal rating system would save five stars for only the finest of fine dining, but fair is fair.

We enjoyed an early supper, which always helps to get the chef's attention in advance of the mob that arrives later.  Both the chef and the waiter were on their toes, welcoming and checking both during and after the meal.

We can recommend the rabbit and pork belly specialties as small plates, and we never got to the larger ones.  They were as good as advertised.  What more can you ask?  I didn't order the mussels, but saw them delivered to the next table and would certainly try them on our next visit.  Had a couple of other small plate items, but the rillet and pork belly stood out.

Their selection of wines, brews, and meal choices are sufficient to cover anyone's taste short of those in the allergic crowd.  Limiting the menu and doing everything well appears to be the Pig's focus, and we approve.
Our group of six Shared the following items; Duck fat fries, meatballs, pork belly, mussles, pappardelle, lamb carpaccio, dates, octopus, beets, porchetta, guinea fowl.  Dessert we had Cheese cake custard bread pudding and port tawny.

Top choices for the group were duck fat fries, pork belly, and the dates.  These were all outstanding.

The rest of the items were very good except the lamb.  I don't recommend ordering the lamb.  It was slimy, tasteless, and way over priced.

The service was good.  Our server did a great job recommending a wine that I really enjoyed.  Bill was close to 300.00 for all of the food and several drinks plus dessert.  I thought this was reasonable.

I would definitely come here again.
Yep.  I will be back.  This menu was insane.  The service was wonderful--our server was helpful, witty, attentive, and quick.  Loved it.  My husband and I shared the duck fat fries...ok not a good start, there are WAY better fries in Madison.  WAY better.  Then we moved on to the dates....ohhhh yeah.  Super delicious, wanted more.  On to the ravioli.  Sweet jesus was that unbelievable.  A must-try.  Large plate was the porchetta.  Praise the food gods, pork wins. Amazing.  Hubby was not blown away by it but I thought it was so, so flavorful.  Dessert was good too--sfingi.  Yummy orange scented donut thingies.  Drooling again.  Try it!
My first experience with this restaurant was during the Willy St. street fest, where they had a booth selling pork belly sandwiches. I usually am not a big fan of booth/truck food unless it's like cheap eats, but I was so hooked by this sandwich! I eventually went back for dinner. It's a tiny place, and we sat at the long high table that we share with others. I usually like sitting in a booth and having my private space, but this was not bad at all. Everything we ordered was just amazing!! My favorites are the duck fat fries and the pork belly! This place is pretty pricey (hence minus one star) but these two items are just amazing. I have also tried the meatballs and the porchetta (which is quite a bit of meat). They were all so great. 

I just have minus 1 star for how tiny the place is and a bit pricey. If you dont care about these things, this place is 5 stars for you.
Arrived 630pm on a Saturday night, we waited about 20 mins before seated at a corner seat not part of the communal table. The atmosphere is warm and not classy, very good for small gatherings between close friends and couples. 

Food is absolutely Incredible. We two people had "duck fat fries", "ravioli", "mussels", "octopus", and "pork belly", and ended up very full and satisfied. Everything was nearly perfect, to the extent that I do not pick the best and least good dish of the night. With one visit, a pig in a fur coat is already among one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.
This place is awesome! We went the Friday before Christmas so it was really slow, but the space is fairly small so I bet it gets pretty packed on an average weekend night. My boyfriend and I split a bunch of tapas and none of them were disappointing. The duck fat fries and dates are musts! Both are very flavorful, and for tapas the portions are decent. Our server was great and we didn't have to wait too long before the dishes started coming out. As with most restaurants on Willy St. you will need to street park.
Food was fantastic! The idea of sharing was a little odd at first but I liked it once I tried it. Loved the pork belly and the chocolate souffl with passion fruit and chili sauce!!!! Super fun for a date night!
Where to start...

I'm a student at the university and my mom and I have been reading a lot about this restaurant. When we stumbled upon A Pig In a Fur Coat's menu, we knew we had to try it.
She came up to visit this weekend and we finally decided to check the place out. Because this place doesn't take reservations, we made sure to get there early enough where we could get a spot to sit. They open at 4:00, we were there at 4:04 AND we were not the first diners to arrive. We were the second. The point is, it's pretty sought-after. 
We were seated immediately at one of their two-person tables and greeted by our server Bill...or Bob? His name started with a "B" and he was kind, professional, and attentive throughout the night without being overbearing. He recommended that the two of us choose a snack, a small plate, and a large plate for our meal and explained the wine menu to us with great knowledge. My mom ordered a glass of the red Barbaresco and I ordered a glass of the white Albarino. Both were absolutely delicious. I am not a fan of red wines but I found that the sip that I took from my mom's glass was very mild but full-flavored.
For our snack(s) we ordered the roasted dates stuffed with chorizo and slathered in a red piquilo pepper sauce. I've had some great stuffed date dishes in my life but none compare to these. When you first bite into these scrumptious little pillows of flavor, you get the spiciness of the sausage. Soon after, the smokiness of the pepper comes in followed by the essence of the light cheese that is sprinkled on top and as the flavor profile of the morsel concludes, the sweetness of the fruit shines. Phenomenal.
Our second snack was the rabbit rillette that came presented in a cute little mason jar. We were told to stir the pat-like paste, which was garnished with pistachios and served with freshly toasted rustic bread and a sour cherry syrup. We slathered the rillette onto the bread and drenched it in the syrupy cherries. There are no words to describe how indulgent and rich the taste of the rabbit was with the subtle crunch from the nuts. The sweetly-sour cherries accompanied the fatty spread perfectly and helped to lighten it up. And it's a great price for the amount of the rillette that you get: almost a full 12 oz. (ish) jar for $10!
For our small plate we ordered the lamb carpaccio. It came topped with fresh parmesan, micro greens, and an egg yolk with the same pieces of crusty bread on the side. We were told to mix it all up, cut it, and top our crostini with it. A simple dish done right. Light and refreshing right after a rich appetizer. I really enjoyed this take on an Italian classic.
Our large plate was the rainbow trout with a  rutabaga-chili-lemon sauce and potatoes and broccoli. WOW. I have never had a freshwater fish like this. It came whole, baked and crispy, with all the bones taken care of. The sauce was the perfect accompaniment to the fish and the vegetables paired well to. Overall, VERY solid fish on a predominantly meaty menu.
Dessert was the panna cotta - my choice of course - with and orange-brandy sauce and fresh cherries. It was topped with shortbread crumbles and fresh mint. Unreal small, light dessert. It was perfect after eating four courses. The taste was so refreshing it was unbelievable. A lovely gelatinous flan-like end to the evening. With dessert, I had another glass of wine - the chardonnay - which was actually made in Spain in stainless steal barrels instead of oak. It had an incredible flavor that was totally different from every chardonnay I have ever had. Almost smokey even.

Anyway, I HIGHLY recommend APIAFC to anyone who wants a well-crafted meal. I found that the menu could cater to even the least adventurous diners. It's a 5-star restaurant without the 5-star pretense.
Cute little placed tucked in on Willy St. Their signage doesn't have any lettering so if you are looking for that you might walk by it. Look for a pig made out of wire/metal. Also note it is not wearing a fur coat. :)

Got the duck fat fries. Basically the best fries you could ever eat. I had some leftover (how? right??) but I did and brought them in for lunch. I reheated them in the microwave and everyone in the break room started exclaiming something smelled amazing. Still delicious the next day.

Pork belly...mmm....like bacon. But better. You can't be afraid of fat if you want to eat this dish.

Also got the guinea fowl, which was good but not as memorable as the pork belly.

The place is very charming, you can't get anything bad here really. I'm giving 4 stars, while everything was extremely delicious, I don't think I had a wow moment where I was amazed by a dish. But I will definitely come again because I know it's bound to happen at this amazing place!
What a lovely little restaurant!

We went on a Saturday night without realizing how busy it was. Had to go out bar hunting so we won't have to stand around looking silly for 45 mins (even though the girl told us it would be about 25 mins of wait).

Madison this year was cold as hell but the it was proven that the 45 mins was rather worthwhile of waiting. The waiter greeted us warmly as we settled.

Since I didn't order the food my recollection of the naming is quite a blur. The pork belly was possibly the most impressive of all - fried crispy on one side, though the fat was still there it's so satisfying even with just one bite. Other food was pretty decent. I have to say the chef(s) was quite audacious about the ingredients, and did a very good job to incorporate them into contemporarily Americana cuisine. The price certainly resonated that, too.

Couple problems: 

1. I am not a tall person; but even my bf who is 6 ft sitting at the high table looked immersed under the table...chairs too low, gotta sit straight! Maybe that's just for the tall table, anything ways to fix that??

2. Waiters - you did a very good job warmly grating us, explained the wicked food, and blahed, but forgot to take away our plates when they were done (I even tried to hand them to you!). This is not a 10 buck-feed-two kind of restaurant, please be a little more conscious with your OVERALL duties (off that darn one star).

We would love to come back to Madison and visit this spot again. Hopefully no tall table next time.
Have I really not written a review for this place yet? Bad, Simon. Bad.

I've probably been here a half-dozen times and am happy to report that it is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. I've liked everything I've eaten here. We had the NYE tasting menu too, which was excellent and convinced me that I need to keep an eye out for other events.

The restaurant is not "fancy" in that french restaurant, fine-dining kind of way. It's more comfortable. I'd gladly rock jeans and a suit jacket or even just a simple polo/oxford. But the food...it actually reminds me of a restaurant that I ate in while in Paris. The food is a little different of course, but that same sort of authentic feeling vibe. I'm into it.

If you're a capital square kind of guy, it's time to stroll down Willy St. (well, if it's winter still, maybe consider cabbing...).
Excellent everything!! Be sure to bring a few people and share plates so u can experience more of what they have to offer! Excellent wine list and great service! The inside decor is also very up to date yet classy! Will definitely be back here probably once a month!
My friend brought us here while we were visiting Madison. It's such an awesome place. Cool atmosphere and excellent food. Really unique in that it serves tapas (small plates) with some communal seating. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and gave good suggestions. 

The three of us shared meatballs, duck fat fries, pork belly,  guinea fowl, and porchetta. The dishes came out when they were ready so we paced ourselves accordingly. The meatball was very flavorful and cooked perfectly with just the right density. The pork belly was succulent with a good balance of saltiness and sweetness from the potatoes, nuts, and apple toppings. The duck fat fries were very delicious. Thin and crispy with great texture and flavor from the duck fat. The fowl was pretty good, the meat is tougher than duck but it was still pretty tender. Lastly, the pork (and possibly other meats) in the porchetta went really well together with the veggies. The place is a bit pricey for a small party since you'd want to try quite a lot of things on the menu. Best to come here in larger groups.
wow will come back for the duck fat fries! great food
I can say without shame that I come here way too often. 

I work around the corner, so my friend and I frequent PIAFC a lot. I've had almost everything on the menu and my top four would have to be the sfingi, torchon, poutine, and guinea fowl. 

1. Sfingi: when you get your plate of sfingi, you're going to have a hard time justifying $8 for what seems to be chocolate donut holes... BUT THEY ARE SO WORTH IT. The tiny hint of orange mixed in with cinnamon is absolutely fantastic. So much so that the chef always jokes that he's going to make me a sfingi punch card (I'm still waiting on the punch card). 

2. Torchon: the torchon has a bombolini (I just call them little donut holes, hehe), a slice of foie gras mousse, a fig mixture, and lardo (which is a similar to proscuitto but a lot fattier). Simple, delicious and fantastic. 

3. Poutine: awesome, awesome and AWESOME. All the other reviews rave about the duck fat fries, which I adore, but the poutine is phenomenal. You get the best of both worlds because the poutine comes with duck fat fries. The poutine sauce is rich and goes really well with the foie gras, cheese curds, and fries. 

4. Guinea Fowl: the guinea fowl has to be my all time favorite entree here at PIAFC. I love how the feta offsets the sweetness from the fregola and complements the spiciness from the chorizo INSIDE the fowl. Delicious.
Had a great fall visit to Madison on a mini-vaca and was excited to try this restaurant. Maybe we built up a high expectation reading reviews. Unfortunately, we just weren't very impressed by the food. I target gastropubs, new American and snout-to-tail places to help build my context with my Indy hometown faves Bluebeard, Black Market and Libertine. I have had some great experiences in the Midwest. But at apiafc we left just feeling... meh.

First let me say that the restaurant is cute and I dig the closeness and capacity of the place. Reminds me of dining in great little restaurants in New York City. The beer and wine lists were impressive and our server did well introducing us to local beers. Loved that.

We tried poutine (which I normally avoid) based on the logic: Wisconsin: curds: poutine. It was ok and succumbed to the fat and sauce before we could finish. We had beets, pappardelle, and lamb. All decent, but very prescribed and no surprises, nothing exceptional. We opted to skip dessert.

Maybe I'm asking too much, but the gastropub/new American genre is becoming... I hate to say it... played out. I feel like I've been to this restaurant before in many college towns. Unless a chef brings something to the genre, something regional, some challenging passion of the chef, something to set them apart, then why am I eating here?

I do expect a lot when I'm spending $100 on dinner for two in a casual atmosphere. What's next after the marrow, the duck fat, and the pork belly? If I'm in Madison again soon, I'll definitely check the menu and perhaps come back based on what I see on the menu. I challenge the chef(s) to make a regional statement, invent, and challenge me - the patron. I believe the skill and context is here, but the food isn't yet.
As self-professed foodies, we love to find off the beaten path recommendations and Pig in a Fur Coat did not disappoint.  Our server, Ben, was spot on with his recommendations for the rich, savory rabbit rillette followed by the bright, flavorful charred octopus.  With that flavor coupling being exactly what we were looking for, we opted for round 2 of the same:  pappardelle followed by beets with goat cheese and pickled carrots.  For dessert, the cheesecake -- not your typical presentation and absolutely fantastic -- with peaches and a brandy reduction.   

The Pig is a can't miss for foodies....on par with similar places in Chicago, San Fran, and New York but with the a Wisconsin flair.  Loved it!
Overall, I was very satisfied with my experience at Pig in a Fur Coat. Food quality was excellent, portion sizes were pretty good, and the menu is a bit more creative than the standard trying-slightly-too-hard fancified comfort food places. 

That said, it's not cheap. This is one of the more-expensive places that I feel justify the cost, but that's just me. 

I'm of two minds about the communal seating. Sometimes if I'm feeling particularly boisterous (i.e. drunk) and think my conversation is particularly entertaining to others, I don't mind table-mates joining in or whatever. On the other hand, sometimes I just want to go out and have a nice dinner and not have random people all up in my grill.
It's difficult to avoid the rumblings about a great restaurant when you have foodie friends.  This is really what led to us having dinner at Pig in a Fur Coat. 

I consider myself a foodie, but not a food snob.  I probably won't pick up on something being a tad greasy unless it's really so - and I don't arrive at criticism unless the item in question has hit some major roadblocks.  

That said, I'm a chubby man who loves food and my palate has found a favorite in this restaurant.

The duck fat fries will forever be in my dreams.
Great food great service. If you want to try something new check out this place. Rabbit, lamb, scallops, beef veg dishes. You name it they have it. I loved the family style serving so you are encourage to share.
A Pig In A Fur Coat by far exceeded my expectations!  I checked out the menu prior to going and will admit I was a little intimidated by what I saw (I had never tried, let alone heard of many of the dishes).  However, it was beyond amazing!  We had the rabbit rillette, the pork belly, Wagyu beef, and the cheesecake for dessert.  Everything was perfect.  The service was excellent by all; we received excellent recommendations on both our food and drink choices, the food was timed well, and the environment was great.  They have a few outdoor tables right now and many tables for two inside.  The communal tables are for the larger groups but it did not appear to be too cozy at those tables at all.  The food is truly an art form here.  It was refreshing to experience unique and rich flavors with every bite.  I am not usually a beef person, but my husband wanted to try the Wagyu beef- wow!  It literally melted in your mouth.  We will definitely be back again.
Honestly more of a 3.5 star for me. I was not particularly impressed by Pig in a Fur Coat, especially given all of the raving reviews - mostly from fellow elite yelpers who's tastes I have high regards for. 

I loved the ambiance of the restaurant, but found it a little too stuffy (I don't think the kitchen was ventilated particularly well because I could smell a lot of the kitchen oil from where I was sitting, and it made the restaurant almost unbearably warm). 

Our party of three was seated at one of the large communal tables, which we had to ourselves until the latter part of the meal. Although I liked the idea of the communal tables, I found the height of the table/stools a little awkward. Either the table was too high or the stools were too low, but I felt like I was sitting a little too close to my food with my elbows uncomfortably high.

I must commend our server though, she made us feel really welcome and did her best to offer suggestions from the menu. 

Anyway, on to the food:

Rabbit Rillete - I'm not a huge fan of any concoction that seems to be super high in fat content, but since my friend (mistakenly) mentioned that he had tried it before and loved it, we put in an order for our group. It was definitely an interesting combination of flavors and juxtaposition of sweet (cherries) and savory, but it was definitely not my cup of tea.

Ravioli - Probably my least favorite dish of the night. I definitely think I missed the point of the presentation and preparation of the dish, because I couldn't really appreciate how the different ingredients were incorporated together.

Pork belly - (recommend!) Well-prepared and flavorful, but nothing super, super memorable. Definitely something to try though if you are a huge fan of pork belly!

Guinea fowl - (highly recommend!!) Guinea fowl stuffed with chorizo, a fantastic (and unique) combination! I also loved the bedding of fregula and mixed vegetables, they were definitely a great addition to the poultry dish.

Cheesecake - (highly recommend!!) can you say peaches and cream(cheese)? super rich, but a great dessert option to share with your dining companions. also, it is served chilled in a mason jar with a side of peach jam, so what is not to love?

For me, the highlights of the meal were definitely the guinea fowl and cheesecake! I would recommend at least three out of the five items we ordered, which is not a horrible statistic. However, I find Pig in a Fur Coat relatively pricey for the size of their portions, so I probably won't be back unless I am dining out with company that is really into tapas style restaurants (or perhaps someone I'm trying really hard to schmooze up to).
Delicious food, great beer selection, and a very friendly and helpful wait staff. What more could you want? Check this place out if you are ever in Madison. Oh, and order the poutine!
We decided to check this place out because we love our pork. Standout was duck fat fries.  We also tried some small plates- can't remember which ones but they were tasty. I think one was pork belly- very flavorful.  The place is tiny and intimate so expect long wait on weekends.  Server was knowledgable and passionate.  Wine list was expansive.  Would definitely go again.
Best restaurant in Madison in my opinion. 

I've gone three times, and each time it has been excellent. The building is small, but has a comfortable, homey feel. The waitstaff is knowledgeable and friendly. The menu changes occasionally, but always has a good variety of creative and delicious dishes. The chef has even accommodated friends of mine who were vegetarians or had other dietary restrictions. 

The only minor complaint is that they don't take reservations so you might have to wait for a bit, but it's well worth the wait. Go there, share a few plates with friends, and you'll have a great time.
Great atmosphere, food, and service. I ordered the octopus, duck fat fries, and ravioli. I've heard the hype about this place for a while and now could finally say that I dined here and agree!
I'm an avid firefly food-lover so I was happy (oh, and my stomach was too) to find out that they didn't close down. They literally just moved down the street! The new place looks great and service was awesome! And, most importantly no change in food quality! 

Same great food but new and improved place! Where all the locals go and you can chill with friends over tapas and sangria! What can be better? Definitely a spot to hit up during your stay at Vegas!
The new Firefly on Paradise is beautiful! Upscale and trendy! Lots of delicious and fresh vegetarian options!!! And the best sparkling white sangria! Check it out!!!
Only for adventurous eaters. Don't go if you don't want to try something new. I'm tempted to take away a star for the crowds and the noise, but I don't want to hate on them for being too popular. Five stars. Great prices for what you get.
You will not find better food in Las Vegas!

The ambiance is wonderful. Staff is friendly. 

The shrimp ceviche is a MUST! And the banana nutella is a great way to end your meal. I've yet to have a bad thing on the menu. This is a wonderful restaurant with loyal customers. We have been going to all of their locations for years and will continue to do so.
I've been driving by Firefly for a few years now, telling my wife:  "We should really stop in there sometime."  Sometime finally came, and now I'm kicking myself for waiting so long to try this place.

It's a tapas place, so everything on the menu is a small portion, generally meant to be shared.  They all probably average around $6-9, with just a few topping the $10 mark.  Everything I tried was outstanding, and I'm looking forward to trying a bunch of new things next time.  

The restaurant itself was clean, new, and very tastefully decorated.  And the service was outstanding.  We were there maybe 45 minutes, and had no less than three people (including what I assumed was the manager) make sure everything was to our liking.  

What a great find.
Larger location with a much larger patio. Service is much more personal and more attentive. The food is much better quality with bigger portions and the alcohol is flowing a lot better. It's obvious Firefly is trying to gain there customer base back. I will continue to be loyal to this amazing restaurant.
We were told this place was a good spot with a lively nightlife. When we went there only people that were there were having dinner. We went to the bar and had a drink. We ordered the infused vodka with blackberry and lychee. It tasted like syrup. We struggled to finish our drink. We didn't have any of the food. I am just rating the bar.
Probably everything you order off the menu would be good!  We had a party of 16 people, and I had no idea what we were ordering, so I just threw out some dishes I saw that caught my eyes - fish sticks, clams, mussels, and paella.  

Everything was delicious, and I mean EVERYTHING!  The tuna tartare and the ceviche were on point!  We had two birthday boys with us, and the restaurant treated us with a few pitchers of sangrias, two birthday shots, and two tshirts for the birthday boys.  

Don't have anything but good thing to say about this place.  I know this is the new location, (I've never been to the old location) but the place seems nice and clean.  

Our party had a great time! Definitely be back next time we're in town!
Yes, this place has had its health issues (or rather one giant Godzilla-sized ISSUE). You are either going to get over that, or not. Having worked in the industry, I can confidently say that a place that has undergone such public humiliation is not going to drop the ball again. I am sure this place is now cleaner than one of those crazy decontamination suits in Outbreak. But, unlike that movie, Firefly does not suck. This place is the bee's knees. Try getting quality tapas at such a very reasonable price elsewhere - I dares ya! This new location (about time!) is much larger and nicer than the last joint. The once overly packed patio area is now open and spacious, and the same goes for the interior. The cramped bar has been traded for a full encompassing rectangle of drinking goodness. And the food lived up to the atmosphere. The bacon wrapped dates are a stalwart, and not to be missed. My only knock is the bread. I have never cared for it - hard and flavorless (closer to a cracker than bread). Although, it could be a blessing in disguise, as skipping he bread leaves plenty of room for countless small plates. Hopefully people start coming back and filling up the patio again, as it would be tragic for Vegas to lose this local dining icon.
Ten years ago, I lived in Madrid for a year or so. I got real used to the tapas bars in the city. Though it isn't authentic, it is Delicious! I tried the pulpo, bravas, tortilla espanola and paella. All if it was perfectly seasoned and we'll presented. A must for every las vegas excursion.
Love the new location on Paradise... as much as I enjoyed the original, they had outgrown it and were in desperate need of a larger space. The parking is not great in the back of the building, but outside of that this is a huge improvement. They fit plenty of seating and you don't feel like you are right on top of the people next to you as you were in the previous location.

Love that they have a full size bar now with plenty of seating. Food was as good as always... I have a very hard time not ordering the Serrano Sliders every time I go to Firefly. It's pretty sad actually.

Wish them luck with the new location and hope they learned their lesson and continue to monitor their staff/food more closely moving forward.
Fireflys knocks it out of the park for sure.  Their staff are their key to success.  Their staff where friendly, energetic, and took care of our party very well.  We had my mothers 60th birthday party (8 people in party) , and it was beyond memorable.  Food was amazing and the drinks where tasty.  I had the seafood paella which was perfectly cooked and I finished it all (serves 2-4).  
Loved it and everytime I go to Vegas I will have good times and great food at FIREFLYS.  Thank you.
LOVED this place. We got amazing tapas in a lovely setting for a great price with great service. The tuna tartare was outstanding. Definitely get the bacon wrapped dates, and the pork empanadas were to die for. Great ambiance, easy parking, really nice servers. I would recommend making reservations, especially if you're going on a Saturday night as we did. They utilize Open Table for online reservations, so it's super easy. I really wish this place had a location in my city.
I was excited to come here after reading all of the reviews. I was in town on vacation, and many friends had recommended this place. 

Thankfully, I made a reservation. There was a huge line when we arrived. I liked the feel of the restuarant, but wasn't blown away by the food. Maybe it's because I live in NYC and we have some amazing tapas places (Boqueria), but I wasn't so impressed. The sliders were delicious, but the paella left something to be desired. It was dry and not very flavorful. 

I wouldn't come back to the restaurant when I am on vacation, but if I was a local, I could see myself coming back for drinks. Seems like a great place for a date.
As part of a Bachelorette party package (where the limo takes us to a restaurant and then to a nightclub), we went to Firefly last year in May.  We had 14 girls in our group.  We all ordered different items and we all shared different dishes with one another... the food and service was amazing.  I want to say that nearly every dish out of the 5 that I tried was very good!
One year later, I was craving Firefly again because I had such fond memories of how delicious the food was.  
Once again, I wasn't disappointed.  The food was as good as I remember, the service was great and I believe you get a good deal for your money.

I highly recommend this place.  It's slightly off the Vegas strip, but worth the trip!
Went here for a friend's bachelor party and we were rolling pretty deep (like 20 of us).  I was appointed to order for the table and was very glad to.  We got 13 different tapas (3-4 sets of each) and some paella.  The paella was OK.  If you get it, get the seafood one.  I've had some pretty good paella and it set the bar really high.

Make sure to start with their Sangria (I got the red).  It was delicious!  They say they marinate it for a minimum of 3 days and it definitely shows.  So smooth and bomb.

Pros:
+ Restaurant had a nice ambiance
+ Friendly staff (the owner came out and even bought us a couple rounds of drinks for the bachelor party).
+ Waiter was knowledgeable about the food
+ Huge selection of tapas to choose from (could make things difficult)

Cons:
- Not exactly on the strip, but worth it for a nice dinner.

Food highlights:
+ SCALLOPS "ESCARGOTS" - these scallops were amazing!!  My favorite dish here!!!  They were cooked in the escargots container thing and the garlic herb butter hit the spot so well.  Definitely get this!!
+ MANCHEGO MAC 'N' CHEESE - super cheesy but very delicious.  Can never go wrong with mac n cheese
+ CHORIZO CLAMS - clams with chorizo in a sweet and salty sauce.  I believe it came from the clams and the the chorizo.
+ Lamb skewers - tender and did not have a gamey taste to it
+ CAMARONES A LA DIABLA - big shrimps cooked to perfection. nice and crunchy with a sweet and spicy chili sauce that complemented it very well.
+ STUFFED DATES - bacon wrapped dates... crispy bacon wrapped with dates inside.
+ TIERRA Y MAR SKEWERS - shrimp, filet mignon, chorizo sausage.  AWESOME COMBO!!! enough said.

I'd definitely come back to this place.  Just make sure to come with a decent crowd so you can order a bunch of tapas.

Here's a pic of our group:
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/firefly-on-paradise-las-vegas-3?select=8HSstljGNrImSBq9jKy9hQ#8HSstljGNrImSBq9jKy9hQ
Was VERY disappointed!  Given the fact this restaurant was recently closed due to a salmonella outbreak and the owners were on the local news begging for Las Vegas locals to give them another chance, I would have thought the food would be served hot! My friend had to return the garlic fries because they were cold. They were returned to us MICROWAVED and only fries in the center of the bowl were hot. I ordered the tomato soup and brie grilled cheese sandwich, only to bite into the sandwich to ice cold cheese! G R O S S! The waiter was SLOW. The bar service was SLOWER. And to top things off the girl who clears the table was by like five times constantly taking our plates. She took my plate with food still on it and I had to ask her to return it.  The waiter was apologetic but did admit that some of the kitchen staff was from the old restaurant (hint, I do want to hear that when you had issues in you last kitchen and my food was served cold!) The manager came over and apologized as well and removed the cold food off of our tab and apparently one other table on the other side of the restaurant experienced cold food as well. As a local, I will never go to this or any other Firefly in town. As someone in the service industry, I was appalled at this lack of professionalism in our industry.
We were kinda skeptical about going to this place so soon after the Salmonella scare but we figured we would try it out and give it a go!  MAN were we on the MONEY!!

Fantastic spot to check out hipsters, have a few shots, and a few more tapas, savory and sweet alike, as well as enjoy the beautiful decor and friendly staff.

Started off with Patron shots, then a pitcher of Sangria which was very refreshing then we moved on to tilapia sauteed in butter and wine, dates stuffed with goat cheese and wrapped in bacon, shrimp cocktail, Spanish albondigas, Angus sliders, ohh and so many other delicacies that I want to remember but it's been a month since I was there and my memory is a bit shot from the Patron but I promise, everything was excellent.

This is definitely a MUST GO TO when in Vegas!!!
Overall it's still firefly even with the scare that happened. I came here the other night and ordered a few dishes , it's still really good just like it's always been there was a few minor changes to each dish. The server was the only downfall to my experience here. Overall still taste and has the vibe of firefly.
I will keep this review short, simply and sweet.

I love this restaurant!! I wish we had one in California because it is down right delicious. Everything we tried was amazing and the tuna tartar was the best - I had TWO! This will be a MUST place to go to whenever I am in Vegas. I even dare say that it is a lot better than some high prices, high rise, five star restaurant's I've been to on both the strip and downtown.

But remember this is a TAPAS restaurant which means that plate sizes are finger food sized and not very large. It is a good place for groups but if you are all looking to stuff your face then this is not the place for you. If however you are looking for a sleek and posh restaurant with amazingly high quality food and flavor this is THE place!
LOVE.
Pure deliciousness. What a treat!
We were with a huge group so I think we ordered everything on the menu and everything was incredible. There was nothing I didn't like. What stands out a week later is... the artichoke on crustini, burrata-tomato-lettuce thing, meatballs, and the steak skewers. But really everything was great. Also the SANGRIA is amazing. We were very happy. They also didn't seem to mind that one of our friends was beyond drunk as we all laughed hysterically. Very fun night. 

So sad there's not one in California. 
Boo.
My date and I decided to check out the new Firefly, just a block away from the old one. I enjoyed the spacious and hip interior, along with some ambiant music playing over the restaurant chatter. We didn't check out the bar but we did order some quenching sangrias since they were half off all month long. I'm not the tapas expert but the menu has a lot to choose from. Bacon wrapper dates were my favorite, along with the diablo shrimp and stuffed mushrooms. The staff was very friendly and attentive as well.  I will definitely make a return here very soon!
I use to frequent the old location on Paradise quite a bit but had not been to the new location yet...I like it much better.  The space is bigger and every area feels much more open.  I didn't have any food at this last visit but we did have a couple of pitchers or Sparkling Sangria, still my favorite.  The ambience is great, love the music they play and will go back soon to have some bacon wrapped dates which are exquisite from what I remember.
This place rocks!  Great hot fresh food every time which comes out relatively quick.  My 2nd time at the restaurant and 1st time at the location.

Always an excellent choice to visit.
This is my third Firefly review and of course third times a charm! I cannot find anything wrong with this concept. Tapas options are spectacular chilled, hot, seafood, meat and poultry. I haven't tried dessert because I'm usually full by then, but I can only imagine they are inspired.

Portions are a steal with prices ranging with smaller tapas $4 to hearty paellas $20. And believe me, you'll want to share that paella!! It's a lively place that I always think of going with a large group. But I must note, this new bar is large and the separation from the restaurant makes it comfortable to kick back with their sangria on your own as well.

The staff is friendly and attentive. The bartender is knowledgeable & smiles. And now this new space is bright, clean and inviting. I'm glad to see them bouncing back from the bad press they received from the shutdown.

After all, mistakes happen, and we all deserve a second chance! Wait to go Firefly! I'll see you again very soon I'm sure.
love everything about this place EXCEPT the music and crowd can be quite loud at times. tapas and sangria's always amount to a great night. love love love that the month of July is half off sangria's.
I'm borderline obsessed with this place. I love everything here! The vibe is fun the service is impeccable and the food is delicious. The banana Nutella sandwiches are basically gods gift. I love that the plates are small so you can sample lots of things too. Despite the small plates you will leave full. I really enjoy this place was and every time I dine here.
The tapas are delicious. We had a mishmash of sorts, the bacon-wrapped dates, the chorizo/chicken mushrooms, the tinga empanada, the mac and cheese. Everything was delicious!!!! Can't decide which is my favorite, but everything was great! The drinks were good, too!
2nd time at Firefly... 2nd time amazed!  I laid off the happy hour sangria this time though... so I can actually remember something about the food to write a review.

Everything here is fantastic... for those not familiar with Tapas (such as my parents)... just think of it as a Spanish version of Dim Sum. 

Ordered the usual:

Stuffed Dates - bacon wrapped... yum!  Some might find the flavor unusual however... each serving comes with 5

Roasted Beet Salad - have had better elsewhere... you can skip this and try something else

BBQ Mango Ribs - my favorite dish... very tangy yet has that mango sweetness... meat falls off the bone... dish comes with 4 good sized ribs

Firefly Fries - truffle fries = king of all fries.  comes with a nice dipping sauce as well

Stuffed Mushrooms - stuffed with some sort of chorizo... fantastic. 4 pieces per order

Seafood Paella - order this right when you sit down because it takes a while to cook... probably could feed 4-6 people... it's great!  It's quite on the peppery/spiced side (not spicy but you can taste a lot of different spices added).  Unfortunately it came last and we were quite full already and couldn't enjoy it.

Even the bread appetizer is delicious... comes with what I think was a jalapeno butter and olives.

I stayed away from it this time... but the Sangria is fantastic.  Especially if you get it during happy hour.... quite the bang for the buck... careful though... that sh*t creeps up on you!

Only reason this doesn't get 5 stars in my book is the music is way too loud and the service is a bit slow.
Excellent service matched with delicious food means a place I would frequent if only I lived in Vegas!  The apple salad with manchego cheese, so crispy, creamy and refreshing!  Eggplant goat cheese cannelloni again with the creamy goodness. Bacon wrapped dates, why mess with a classic, these were our favorite dish! Chicken tinga empanadas, chocolate cherry bread pudding, delish.
My wife and I had date night here on a Friday night.

The food was great, we were seated quickly and everyone was pleasant. They even had non-alcoholic beer, which is a plus because I was the designated driver.

The food was great, fresh, and you can't beat the price. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.

The only set back was that it gets a little loud, and the seating doesn't allow you to sit closely to your date. So, I had to cup my ears to listen to my wife tell me how her day was. Probably better for a social night out, than a date place.

I am looking forward to returning soon.
This is seriously the BEST TAPAS EVER!!! Definite must! Everything they brought out was better than the last. The fries, tomato basil soup with grilled Brie cheese sandwich, the Mac and cheese, the scallops, the ribs. AMAZING!!!
I am writing this review WITHOUT keeping the whole e-coli fiasco in mind.  It is based solely upon food, drinks, and service.

Service is always a little snotty and rushed.  Not particularly attentive.

Food is good - I like the roasted peppers, the mac n cheese, the artichoke and more.  The bacon wrapped dates are a popular item but not really for me.

Their saving grace in my opinion is the sangria.  I absolutely love the white sangria and could drink a whole pitcher (good thing I am a responsible young woman.. ;) )

Happy hour is Mon - Thurs from 3 - 6 and Fridays from 3 - 5 ...usually very busy but it's a fun place to meet friends or stop by with coworkers after work.  

Overall I would go back again but not for the service or the wait time.  The sangria, it's got me hooked.
Yes, you are reading this rating right 4STARS for Firefly.  At the end of this review I will explain why I did not rate 5STARS

With all the negative publicity that this restaurant has received it's time to put them back in the good light.  

I was recently here for a team meeting, and I have to say that I was very impressed. This new location is AWESOME, valet parking in the front and ample parking in the back.  Hostess booth as you walk-in just like the old location but the update in the new location is now there is a WAITING AREA.  Helloooooooo, no longer do I have to wait outside, in addition to the waiting area the new bar area is big enough to sit and have a drink and not be elbowed by other patrons.  

RESTROOMS - clean, clean, clean! and more than 2 stalls (sorry just keeping it REAL)

DINING ROOM - OMG, amazing you can actually walk through the restaurant w/o saying the following: 
- "oh, I'm sorry"

- "excuse me, can you scoot your chair in please"

- "it's hot in here, is the AC on" , etc

Big parties can be seated and accommodated comfortable.  Firefly now has a extra room for private parties, that sits off tot he side of the dining area.

BAR - The bar is SUPER, more than 5ppl can sit at the bar now.  If you and friends want to chill at the bar and sit together, you can.  Open bar area, it sits kind of in the middle of the restaurant.

PATIO - couches outside, more of a lounge area now.



FOOD - 

- STUFFED DATES: yummy! yes indeed, dates stuffed w/ blue cheese wrapped in crispy bacon. (I don't even liked blue cheese, but i KILLED those stuffed dates)

- MANCHEGO MAC&CHEESE: when you can see the grease of the cheese along the rim of the dish, know that you're in for a culinary delight.  bubbly cheesy goodness, mac&cheese comes out w/ that crunchy cheese top. you know how you throw food in the oven set on broiler to make it extra crunchy...YEP, and that's what come to you table. mmm, mmm, good

- ALBONDIGAS: juicy moist meatballs w/ melted parmesan cheese sitting in a bath of tasty tomato sauce.  NO really, the sauce is on point, I wanted to take the bowl and slurp but I didn't want to look like a fat a$$.

- VEGGIE EMPANADAS: crispy flaky dough, you hear that slight CRUNCH when you bite into the empanada.  the veggies are not all mushy or hard for that fact.  its a nice balance, it comes drizzled with some kind of sauce that matched very well

- STEAK&MUSHROOMS SKEWERS: um YEA! medium rare, i don't what type of steak but it was tasty.  it reminded me of filet mignon, it was so tender, when I pinched the steak to pull of the skewer it just slide right off.  If you are a mushroom person, then this dish will make you very happy.  They do not skimp of size or flavor

- BEEF SLIDERS: DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no extras needed, don't ask for for any ranch, no ketchup, no mustard, no NOTHING. EAT AS IS, beef is seasoned perfectly, cooked medium rare, you take a bite and your teeth just sink into the beef.  OH MY GOSH, i'm getting hot over here..oh i forgot I'm still writing a review

GO TO FIREFLY'S you will not get SICK, I PROMISE.  They have cleaned house in there, I did not see any of the OLD employees there.  I was a regular at the old paradise location, I was familiar w/ all the workers at the old location.  The NEW paradise location is NEW all the way around.  The food is still GREAT 

NOW, the reason why I did rate 5STARS is because of this one problem:
With a new spacious restaurant and bigger restrooms there is still NO TOILET PAPER in the bathroom.  If you're a girl, go to the bathroom with a friend just in case you walk into the stall and it is out of paper.  "hey girl, can you hand me some rough ass paper towels please"  I'm just saying.....

Check out the NEW FIREFLYS on Paradise, it's good.  A good place for anything
One of the best kept secrets in Vegas!  The food here yummy and the prices are much better than those fancy steak houses on the strip.  The sangria isn't strong but is delicious!

I recommend if you plan on coming here, make reservations.  It can get busy.
We haven't been to Firefly in awhile, but thought we would give the new location a try.  It is awesome!  They have made a few changes to the menu that are great.  Specifically, they have mini Italian Beef sandwiches Chicago style.  As a Chicago native, I thought they were spectacular.  The new restaurant is roomy and has great ambiance.  Our interest in Firefly definitely has been renewed and it will be back on the list of regular places we frequent.

Room for improvement: The service was a bit slow, especially since we went on a Friday night and the place was not packed.  We prefer to order a couple plates at a time. Though we told our waiter this, he was not very good at checking back regularly to see if we were ready to order more.  Also, something has to be done about the noise level.  I suspect that due to the low ceilings and type of flooring there is nothing to absorb the noise all the patrons make.  It was very difficult to carry on a conversation due to the loud crowd noise.  If the place was packed, it would have been unbearable.  I hope management will do something to help minimize.  If the noise issue is resolved I would give it a 5 star rating.

Overall: This is a must on any trip to Vegas.
Amazing. The 10$ Filet is Huge! Drinks are great Just a little pricey.
I'd always been a fan of this place.  We didn't get food poisoning. =D  I love the new location, bigger, cleaner, and nicer!  I'm so happy they opened a new restaurant and closed the other one.  Must try their sangria if you haven't yet.  Everything they serve is so tasty.
In the land of buffets and assortment of restaurants this is truly a hidden gem. there is only one word I need to use to describe this place - yum!!!! It is a little bit off the strip but definitely worth a try. Everything I tasted was delicious and mouthwatering. Also the service was pretty good and I would definitely recommend.
Loved finding this unique and tasty restaurant off the strip for our vacation! The food was a  pleasant twist on the authentic flavors. Since my husband has taken trips to Spain this was a real comfort food trip for him. 

Be sure to try different tapas and share them in the standard Spanish tradition. We also enjoyed the Paella. A must for Vegas.
Most of the dishes were fine. Not sure why all the 4-5 star reviews. The best thing was probably the stuffed dates. The kitchen forgot our order and we didn't get our food until 40 mins later. That sucked.
Mediocre food, super fast service, good sangria.

Unimpressed with the four dishes we had. Lamb chops were good. Polpo overcooked. Again; very fast service. Fed and full in under an hour on a Friday night.
Walking into the new location, it just didn't feel like Firefly. There was no squeezing up to the bar, waiting outside, or squeezing you way through the place on the way to your table.  It certainly lost its coziness.  My friend and I had a lengthy discussion noting all of the differences and how we didn't know how to feel as 'it's just not what it used to be'

Then the bacon stuffed dates came out, and all of a sudden, it felt like Firefly again, and we started to appreciate all the improvements including the significantly larger space and improved decor.  Food and Booze were still as good as ever.
Amazing food, amazing sangria. Lobster corn dogs blew my mind. Definitely try the place
I have had group dinners in Vegas for my customers for 15+ years and this one was over the top. We had a party for 42 restaurant owners from Oklahoma and Texas . We used their private room which was great. Regina and I picked out a menu and the bar selections. The open bar option was great for socializing then we sat down to dinner and it was game on. The Tapas were flowing and they were fantastic. We also added paella that we didn't need because we had so much to eat before it came out. Regina warned of that and she was right. Last we had dessert samplers which also were unbelievable. 
The staff was very attentive and always getting more drinks or more food. 
I can't say enough good about the experience. 
Thanks for everything Regina.

See you next year!!!!!
If you only eat one thing in your silly, stupid, little life, eat the bacon wrapped dates at this restaurant. Ridiculous.
one of the best bargains in vegas. great food. great service. we were seated close the door which may have been the reason it was quite hot. other than that it was perfect.
Nice cozy place, great service. Food comes out fast and is consistently delicious. Would definitely recommend. My favorite is the bacon wrapped dates and the sangria by far.
great and more spacious new location on Paradise just feet from the old one.  Great tapas style dining.  Every one of some 10 dishes we tried was very flavorful and well done.  Just order a few at a time so you dont go overboard.  Outdoor area available.  Friendly hostess, waiter and staff.  Will go back.
Good tapas place off the strip. It's a really short taxi ride/drive from the Wynn end of the strip so don't be afraid to deviate from the main strip. They offer free valet here too so it's convenient if you have a car. 
We went with a fairly large party of 9 and our waiter advised us to just order a few tapas at a time in rounds. They come out fairly fast so you don't have to be afraid of waiting that long. For the most part, he was correct, except our party was pretty hungry and scarfed up every plate almost immediately after they came to the table.... so if your friends are a pack of ravenous dogs like mine, you can order more at a time. 

We ordered:
Mixed Paella (one order is good for about 4-6 people)- nomskies. Legit Spanish cuisine. 
Ahi tartare + avocado- standard dish you can't really go wrong with 
Bacon wrapped stuffed dates- I don't normally care for dates but this was like CRACK. So good. Nice balance of salty and sweet. It's really small though, like 5 dates on a plate and one date per person is not enough  
Fries- good but also forgettable 
Lamb shank? Thigh? I forget which part but it was good. 2 pieces only. 
Mac and cheese- nomskies in all it's creamy goodness 
Stuffed mushrooms- nomskies,  I'd get it again 
Some kind of stewed veggies + egg- meh I'd pass on that one 

I can't remember what else because it just kept getting passed around the table rather quickly. 
My other advice to you would be GET THE RED WINE SANGRIA. It's a little on the sweeter side but I think everyone can appreciate it, even those who don't care for sweeter tasting wine. 

"Take this all of you and drink it. This is the cup of my blood which will be given onto you and to all so that your sins may be forgiven."

If Jesus was talking about the Firefly red wine sangria then I'd be downing that all day and all night... like a mofkn sangria vampire or something. 

Okay that's my advice, you heard it, enjoy your time in Vegas!!! :)
LOVE this place.  everything we've ordered has been amazing.  we would go here every week if we lived close!  the new location is a lot bigger. there is also a large patio sitting area with some lounge couches too.  the last time we went we received EXCEPTIONAL service.  can't wait to go back, we want to try everything on the menu it is so good :) i honestly think it is my favorite restaurant!
I was brought here by my friends who are locals. This is hands down some of the best food I've ever had! Everyone must try this place. It's about one mile off the strip, so everyone should be able to reach it.

Having traveled all over Spain and also having eaten at Spanish restaurants all over Southern California, I expected to find the typically understated and demure, simple and clean tapas I'm used to. Not So! This is bold and flavorful. It's Innovative, it's creative, it's Spanish fusion.

The Food Style:
This is gourmet at at an affordable price. IMHO the chef is a genius. Each small tapas plate is unique and individual, no two dishes are the same. Again, they are flavorful and bold, never bland. They display complex and contrasting flavors that are complimentary and blend seamlessly together to form a cohesive unit. Because each tapas plate is a small bite, the three of us were able to try 9 plates + 3 free bread and olive plates (The honey-almond-butter is amazing). This meal was like an amusement park for the taste buds.

I don't eat much meat, so we stuck to seafood and vegetable dishes. It's great for vegetarians.

My Favs (all 5 stars): The stuffed peppers, the roasted eggplant cannelloni, the manchego mac 'n' cheese, grilled scallops with saffron potato puree, and steamed mussels (incredible sauce). They give you as much free bread with honey-almond-butter and olives as you want. My friends raved about the bacon-wrapped stuffed dates, which are arguably the most popular item on the menu (I don't eat bacon).

Others (4 stars): Tortilla espaniola, patatas bravas (great brava sauce).


To Drink: A pitcher of Red Sangria. This is the real deal and very very tasty. It tastes like a fruity Merlot, not like some frou-frou fake sangria cocktail you get at chain restaurant.

NOTE: some tapas are better than others, but you have to be adventurous and start trying. Use the tips above. The only one I wouldn't order again was the seared ahi tuna skewers. They didn't have much flavor and the texture a little too tough to chew.

Ambience: somewhat dark and intimate, warm decor, comfy booths. 

Service: Excellent. very friendly and attentive. They easily accommodate special requests.

Prices: $35 per person after tip per person for 9 plates and a big pitcher of sangria, and we were all STUFFED. 

PROS: The Amazing Gourmet Food; great for vegetarians; affordable prices; delicious sangria; comfy booths;  great service too; close to the Strip (about 1 mile)

CONS: NONE

BOTTOM LINE: Come here, or you're missing out! I would consider driving back to Vegas from LA to eat here.
I have been to the old location on Paradise a few times in the past. I thought over time it became overrated. When they moved to a larger place I thought maybe the food would have improved. Not really. I still think its overrated and the tapas are slightly above average.  I am sure I will be back a few times because my friends LOVE Firefly. The next time I eat here I will most likely get an entree instead of tapas. 

PROS: Tres Leches chocolate cake
             Chorizo and clams
             Great place for a group to try many different dishes. 
             Ribeye Steak and truffle fries (entree)

CONS: Spicy Beef salad - the salsa verde didn't mix with the other ingredients
             Pulpo Asado - the octopus was good but the tomato, paprika lemon vinaigrette  didn't mix. 
             Lemon Berry Tarts - the berries were good but the tart cups taste like they came out of a  box.
We absolutely love this place!  The food is absolutely fabulous!  We had several meat and seafood dishes and they were all amazingly delicious.  The ambiance has a very Spanish air to it which is very charming.  The service is also excellent and accommodating. The drinks and food menu is very extensive and authentic to Spanish cuisine.  Only a hop and a skip from the strip and plenty of parking.  We'll definitely be back on our next trip!!
Went to a friend's birthday gathering at Firefly's new location on Paradise. Disappointed. Best example was the potatoes brava. They were slimy with a spicy but otherwise flavorless sauce and globs of what seemed like mayo from a jar. A feint shadow of the fabulous potatoes brava at Julian Serrano, which have a gourmet tomato-based sauce and light creamy aioli.

The service was also frustrating. We were in a booth with about eight people. The curtains blocked people on the ends of the table from sight, which meant waiters never bothered to ask us if we wanted anything else. We had to get up from the table and seek out the waiter several times.

This is huge place and in terms of quality this is like the chain restaurant of tapas places. For a little bit more Julian Serrano, in Aria, is orders of magnitude better.
When I first arrived at Firefly I didn't see the signs for parking in the rear so I thought it was really empty.  I parked in the rear and had to walk past the dumpster with a man rummaging through it.  

I sat at the bar.  The redheaded server was very sweet and know her menu items.  I was especially impressed when she told me what looked good out of the kitchen that night.
I started with the Salmon Toasts.  They had very good flavors but tasted very similar to bagel and loxs(should have listened to the waitress).
The second dish I ordered was the shrimp Diablo.  The sauce was a perfect mix of spicy and sweet.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly.  
The third dish I ordered was the lamb chops.  They too were delicious.  I would not recommend them if you're in a large party.  
Overall the food was good.  The service was great.  One critique would be the presentation of the dishes.  They could have made them look a little better with the small plates.
We had a table for 20 on Friday night - it was a pre-party for our wedding the following day. Daniel was our server, and he was AMAZING! We ordered pitcher after pitcher of sangria and mojito (so yummy!). He was on top of everything the whole time. The seafood paella was the highlight for me - but the table was full of tapas and everyone raved about their food. It was my first time at Firefly. I will be back every time I am in town now. Fabulous evening all around.
Went here last Saturday night. We sat outside on the patio. The patio was so dark, it made reading the menu difficult to say the least, and I have 20/20 vision. Next visit, I'll make sure to sit inside.

THE SERVICE - awful, confused, unattentive. Our tapas arrived long before our silverware and plates, or water. I tried flagging someone down 3 TIMES to no avail. Finally, I had to pop into the bar area to request plates, silverware, etc. Not very good. Then, it seemed like we had several waiters, none of which communicated with each other. After we were almost finished with round one, another waiter brought bread to to the table and seemed quite confused that we were almost finished with the plates already on our table. So, word to management.....  TRAINING AND COMMUNICATION.

THE FOOD - wonderful! We ordered the stuffed dates.... OMG!! We ordered an additional plate! We also ordered the pulpo, the lamb sausage, manchego Mac n cheese (holy lord that was good!), patatas bravas and a couple of  other plates that escape my mind and a pitcher of sangria. The sangria was pretty tasty.

The quality of the food saved the experience. I will return to Firefly, I only hope that the service is better, otherwise, that will be the end of it, good food can only take it so far if the overall experience is not that good.
What luck! Just happened upon this place. Excellent food, super device and great atmosphere.
Went here on a trip to Vegas and man was the food good! I love Tapas but usually always see a $100 bill each whenever I go. Not here!

All the tapas are $4.50-$8 each and the drinks were reasonable too. The result - 6 items and drinks for under $50 for the two of us!

We had:
Chicken Empanadas - my favorite dish, flakey and full of flavor; a lot lighter than a typical empanada. Excellent.

Tuna Tartar - not the best tuna I have eaten but for $8 it was decent for the price

Bacon wrapped almond fig - okay no the official name but you will see the one I am talking about it. If you like bacon order it. The perfect blend of salty and sweet. Has a bit of blue cheese and a balsamic type sauce. Very good.

Apple and Manchu Salad - really awesome. a light and yummy summer salad. I love the fresh green apple cut julian with the almost-blue-cheese. 

Garlic bread with almond butter - the free dish was probably the most unique. I need to know where they got the almond butter from because it was like nothing I have ever tasted. It was galic meets peanut butter, but not. It looked and spread like butter but tasted creamer. So good.

Dessert - Gelato Trio - 3 excellent flavors: chocolate, vanilla and my favorite the pistachio.

Sangria it was the sparkling white one aged for 3 days; very good for a hot summer day

No this wasn't the quality of San Fran tapas but it gets 4 stars for being cheaper than eating at the Olive Garden and excellent food. I will be back on my next trip to Vegas.
The new place looks great but here's my reason I'll only give them 2 stars...for now.... I was hoping to try out the food after what happened at the old location.....We walked in on 9-18-13  at 1:30am after a P.O.D. concert. we were starving and Yelp said they close at 2am. Girl there said they had "last call" so we couldn't be seated. is there a "last call" or did they just not want to serve us?

We went to Peppermill instead and had a great meal.
I'll update this if i ever have the chance to come by here again.
We were here for my BFF's birthday. I really like the food at Firefly but just like the Sahara location, service here is bad. It's just a tad bit better here. However, parking is impossible here. I had no choice but do valet on a Friday night. 

I asked for a white sangria and a glass of water as soon as we sat down. I got my sangria but got my glass of water a few minutes before we left...that's 2 hours later! But then again, we were a big group. I can tell our server was really TRYING his best.

I noticed they added more items on their menu especially desserts. My Firefly faves are Firefly fries, bacon-wrapped dates, sangria and steak and mushroom skewers and a few others but I only ordered those last night since I wasn't too hungry at 9:30pm. I did get some calamari and chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms from my friends. We also got a rib eye. It was huge and comes with fries for only $20, wow! Last night's fries were super oily though.

If you get the fries, get double aioli...it's yummy! You can't go wrong with their sangria...either red or white. Just get a pitcher and leave happy. I don't recommend the Nutella dessert and I'm a huge Nutella freak...it's something you can make at home. Pretty much everything on their menu is delicious, trust me. Just have the patience for the service and pray they won't have another health violation scare.
One of my favorite restaurants here in Vegas!! I always bring my guests here for their sangria and yummy tapas.
So I'm biased, despite the recent bad press here this will always be my favorite spot. The servers are always pleasant and knowledgable and the blueberry mojitos are on point! We came for happy hour and had a pitcher of blue berry mojitos, stuffed dates, baked tetilla, Serrano sliders, fireflys fries, diablo shrimp, and chicken rings empanadas. The empanada was one sliced in half so it was a small portion but the taste was delicious the pitcher lasted us the whole meal (and it was happy hour 50% off drinks) and our server was Gabriel and he was absolutely amazing I recommend you as for him
I'm happy the place is bigger and there's actually parking! 

I Wish the service was as fast as it used to be.... They get your order and that's about it... Not good with the follow up service! 

Slightly disappointed they switched their shrimp cerviche order!!! And things are now even smaller.... I used to love their bread and now that's even different! 

Oh good luck getting a refill! 

I just want to old firefly service back, this is too commercial for me.
This place was great (food/drinks/prices), our waiter was not so great. The lady who bussed our tables was AWESOME and took the time to tell us all her favorite things on the menu.

We happened to be there on latin night which was really cool, it was so packed there was nowhere to sit on the patio, but it was no big deal because we got a great view of the amazing dancer. 

Best shrimp tempura I have ever had! Will be coming back to try more items
Met some friends here for a birthday party...she loves it here...I came for the company.

First of all, parking is retarded here.  If you don't care about people parking your car, DO THE FREE VALET.  I drove my boat back there trying to find a parking space, and I couldn't find ONE space I felt comfortable leaving my car.  I ended up parking in the hotel parking lot next door and walked over after leaving the frustration known as Firefly's parking lot.

I wanted the Firefly fries that I've grown to enjoy...They come with Parmesan, Herbs, and an Aioli for $6.  Since I knew I was gonna order another plate or two in addition to the fries, I decided just to spend the money for the steak and fries :P

14oz Ribeye ($20): Red Wine Sauce, Cabrales Bleu Cheese, Firefly Fries and Aioli. Surprisingly large ribeye for the money! It was a good steak, cooked perfectly, but the sauce/seasoning was a little distracting. Still good though!

However, the fries were undercooked and stupid oily.  Like "dripping off your fingers" OILY.  I should have returned them, but my steak was cooked perfectly, and I thought it was a waste to turn over the plate.  They probably would have just brought me a new side of fries, but that's in hindsight. 

So you can still get a decent value at Firefly...just factor in bad parking and a hint of inconsistency and you'll probably be fine!

Pics :
Came here for HH with a friend who's local.  And oh my gosh. the food!

The HH is amazing, super awesome deals and great food to choose from.  I would definitely suggest the bacon wrapped dates, it's insane how good it tastes!!  I would recommend it for the HH for sure, not sure about the regular hours 

Super nice place too :)
I live in California and needed to arrange a wedding rehearsal dinner for my nephew.  His fiance had suggested Firefly.  She said the food was great and she and her family enjoy it.  I looked them up online and and came across the event section, I sent a quick email for someone to call me.  That day, the event coordinator Regina Simmons contacted me.  We corresponed via email text and by phone.  We were a party of 35 and were able to have the private room in the back.  

On our way to the venue I sent Regina a text that we were on our way.  Once seated our waiter, Jesus was on it.  We had water bread and drink orders.  Oh did I mention that I left all my centerpieces there and Regina and her staff decorated for me.  She even ordered linens and napkins to match our rustic chic wedding decor.  Everything looked beautiful.  

Within 10 minutes of settling in, BAM!!!!  The food, oh the food.  We had artichoke toast, the bacon wrapped dates, salmon toast, beef and chicken skewers and the diablo shrimp.  Everything was delicious.  The service was awesome and the food amazing.  The value was definately there.

Parking, use the valet parking, it's FREE!!!!!

When we were leaving, the place was bumping, it was a great vibe and great mix of people.  I will definately be back on our next trip.  Can't wait to try new items. (Will definately order the bacon dates again)

Thank you Regina and the Firefly staff for making this event special and memorable for my nephew and and now new wife. 

Gracias por todo!
Only came here for desserts, which was pretty good but the service was awful. Two servers went to the table next to us and asked if this was their order, they said no and we said we think it's ours over and over again. The servers immediately got confused and nervous. Finally, he put in on our table and I think he thumbed one of our desserts.

On the tab:
Banana-nutella Sandwiches
Dessert Platter

Yum to both. Enough said
We were staying at the hotel right nextdoor so it was very convenient. We had 2 pitchers - one of the white chardonnay sangria and the other was mango mojito. We also had some tapas - stuffed bacon wrapped dates, artichoke toast, tuna tartare, firefly fries and ended with the passion fruit sorbet. IT WAS ALL SO MINDBLOWINGLY AMAZING. Service was fantastic, we never had to pour our own drinks. They were very helpful and extremely friendly as well. Everything was very reasonably priced as well! It wasn't cheap cheap but it wasn't exorbitantly priced either, I would definitely return next time I'm Vegas!!
Love this place when coming to Vegas. Great food, prices and atmosphere. Know they recently had some issues and closed a location but I'm sure they're even better now.
Wow! 

This place was all around fantastic. 

We ordered the red sangria, which was lovely. It had flower petal tastes incorporated...that's a first for me. Never had that flavor in a sangria. It was great. We ordered a couple mojitos as well - they were good, but the sangria just blew em out of the water.

We were vegetarians and I went here after reading someone else's review that said they had vegetarian options. He was right on the money! It had a good number of vegetarian options - and they were willing to customize the almond stuffed dates to make em veggie-friendly as well. And all the dishes were excellent.

Honestly, I'd have given these guys 4.5 stars, but I rounded up cuz the food & drink were so good. The -0.5 stars would have been for 2 things :

1) for loudness. Try asking for outdoor sitting to help with that (it seemed quieter outside). There was a longer wait for outside seating when we went
2) When we did ask to move from inside to outside the waitress insisted that we'd have to close out our bill and then move and re-open a new tab. I get that we'd have a new waiter/waitress (i.e. I don't want someone else getting my tip?) , but as a customer, that should be transparent to me. They should have been able to figure it out between themselves, and leave me out of the picture.

Having said that, this place is a must visit for me now.. I'm going here (and asking for outdoor seating) next time I visit the area!
Happy Hour is the best time to go!!!

Everything was GOOD...and I'm not just saying that because I was like extremely hungry. I'm saying that  because it was good...just as good as it was when I last visited. 

We had the calamari, french fries, mussles and beef/mushroom shish kabobs and sangria! I could go for a pitcher right now!
I can't say enough good things about this place. I have brought everyone that visits me to this spot and the raving continues long after they leave!

I have yet to have something that isn't an absolute party in my mouth. Obviously the Bacon Wrapped Dates are incredible but some other gems are the Tierra Y Mar. The Filet is so good, the meat used is always quality.

The Spicy Sweet Shrimp is also to-die-for. I'm talking... I order extra bread to scoop up the sauce afterward because I am just never quite done with it. All of their seafood dishes are impressive really.

I am not going to go on and on about this place because there are plenty of reviews but it's the best place to try a little bit of everything with a few friends. If you go during happy hour the drink prices are outstanding and the small plates are perfect for a snack or a full on vegging out session!!!!

Now I am hungry and this salad looks terribly disappointing...
I dare you to name something that IS NOT good here!!!
Ok, maybe the paella isn't in par with Miami, but still darned good!!
We're just passing through Vegas and picked this one because a pro TV foodie mentioned it. Punchline: We just ate the best meal  in ages. Very deep menu of hots, colds, meats, seafood (about 15 of each). The preparation was waaaay up there: fresh, spot-on seasoning, great accompaniaments. Nice sized portion. And value-priced. The service staff (especially Nahum) was helpful, enthusiastic and made sure our order was promptly served. We ordered 5 dishes and a glass of wine at a laughable price. This gem is not far off The Strip and worth a detour. .
three words...absolutely freak'n awesome! The bacon wrapped dates are fantastic, and the red sangria was fabulous! Great place.
So I wrote a really scathing review of this place before it moved and when I walked in, I told the concierge. I basically got treated like garbage by the bartender because (I'm pretty sure) I didn't fit their hipster classy crowd. They reassured me that the place has vastly improved.

I came with Angela and Kent. We ordered about a dozen dishes here. I'm only going to mention the two that we would order again. The stuffed dates and the spicy beef salad. Everything else we had wasn't even ok. We also got seated outside and there were only two servers outside and we actually waited 5-10 minutes until we got our drinks! Seriously, have you ever waited that long for alcoholic drinks in Vegas? Yeah, it's like we walked into some pocket dimension not in Vegas. Our food also took a long time gettin' to. Even the bread and butter they give you, I had to ask for twice before we got them and they took their time also. What really made no sense was that we got our dessert before we even were served all our main courses! WTH? That's a first, never happened to me. 

I will say that the sangria is pretty awesome here and the pear-ginger martini was pretty outstanding. Only reason why I'd ever come back, the drinks. But then again Angela made a good point that you can find better in Vegas if you looked hard enough. Yeah, probably so it's a question of whether I would go out of my way to come here just for the drinks. Nope.

So I'm really, finally done with this place. I was done before they moved and now I'm done again with this place.
I came here for a Bachelorette party that was party of a VIP package - so we got treated to all you can eat and drink... I have to think the alcohol is definitely factoring in to what a great experience I had, but honestly the food was great and our servers (we had two) were AMAZING!! I would go back just for the service alone as they were attentive and went above and beyond to keep our party of 9 happy.  

Food - like I said it was all you could eat tapas and desserts for us, and a table of 9 girls, yep we pretty much had it all.... and managed to hand the plates around as if they were big enough to be family style.   I loved the bacon wrapped dates, the octopus, the apple salad, the tuna tartare, the empanadas, and the dessert platter.
You can probably skip the mussels, the chick peas in shells (these were actually good, but not worth the mess or effort to eat), the shrimp diabla, and the steak skewers....  trust me we ate many more than this, but these stick out as the best and the worst.

Drinks - the mojitos were ok, not as flavorful as I would have liked, but it was all you could drink and really I wasn't complaining. The sangria was strong, maybe too strong, and then other's in our group ordered wine and beer.  

Service - again, sooooo good!! Our waitress took the time to get the bachelorette a candle and sing a made up bachelorette song to her as though it was her birthday... she didn't think the bachelorette looked happy enough so she kept going above and beyond with little details to make our night that much better.  

Atmosphere - loud, like really loud, and I'm sure our table wasn't helping... definitely not a romantic tapas spot I'd want to go to with the bf, but perfect for our kind of evening.
Being a big eater, I thought a tapas restaurant would not be for me.  This worked got me I was way stuffed.
Best Tapas restaurant! Tuna Tartare is my favorite!
Overrated.  Went here for dinner on 10/30/13.

I had a few things, including the mushroom tart - tart was cold, but mushrooms were warm.  When food is not served at the right temperature, then I'm over it.

The garlic cream cheese stuffed peppers sounded better on paper than they did on the plate.  The cream cheese completely separates from the pepper when you cut into it.  No bueno!

The best part of my meal is the garlic bread and sweet butter.  That was good!

Restaurant is dark and very large.  Self-parking in the back.  I was put off by the large number of kitchen workers taking their break outside of the restaurant that backs into the parking.  I also didn't like seeing the numerous servers inside the restaurant all chatting with one another waiting for something to do.
My boyfriend and I were looking for a vegetarian-friendly place for a nice dinner while briefly staying in Vegas.  I did some web-searching and cross-referencing and Firefly seemed to fit the bill.

It was a Saturday night and we arrived at Firefly at about 8:00p.  After about 5 minutes we were seated on the heated patio that was beautifully strung with red and white lights and really just seemed to be an extension of the dining room.

Drinks were tasty: sangria and dirty martinis, and we were offered a nice crusty bread with compound butter consisting of schraicha, honey and almonds.  It was really good!

We ordered two cold plates and two hot plates.  The green apple manchego salad and pisto were real standouts.  All the plates were reasonably priced between $4 and $6.

For dessert: the caramel flan with almond biscotti was sized very well and tasted perfect! Not too-eggy and velvety smooth.

All-in-all a great dining experience.  I would definitely recommend this to a friend!!
Seriously good. The way to eat. Try a few small plates and all will be good. Bacon wrapped dates, Tuna tartare were awesome, one more, what shall it be?  The Sangria is the bomb.
I was in Vegas with some girlfriends for a bachelorette party and we were staying at the hotel right next door.  We ate here 2 times in 3 days if that says something about how much we loved this place.  It's a tapas place with a nice variety of dishes.  We ordered the stuffed mushrooms, the bacon wrapped dates, the mussels, some Asian shrimp dish, the apple and manchego salad, and coffee.  All the food was really great and the coffee was much needed after a long night of partying.  

We came back again with some other friends and had an issue with their steak.  It tasted really weird and the servers were so great and accommodating.  They offered to make the dish again or replace it with any other dish free of charge.  When we didn't want anything, the chef came out to apologize and sent over a free dessert platter! AND they sent us the steak anyway, which I brought home to my husband (and he said it was delicious).  

LOVED the food and the super nice service.  I don't think I've had such great service anywhere (except, of course, for those fancy pants places where it costs $150 a person).  

Highlights were the bacon wrapped dates and apple and manchego salad.  I am definitely coming back every time I'm in Vegas.
Slightly disappointed because all the publicity took away some of the intimate aspects of the "old" Firefly. Parking was horrid (you can't tell if one side is one-way or not) and the wait was long at the new location when we finally found it! Given that, I still think that this is the best tapas restaurant that I've ever been to. My friends and I have been a regular before it was "popular" and hyped up, and we've always loved the menu items, all the way down to asking for extra bread and that yummy butter! 

Our regular orders would usually consist of the chicken salad (TO DIE FORRRR!!), petit filet, firefly fries, empanadas and the kabobs among other things. I am absolutely in love with the chicken salad and I wish I could make it at home, but ehh. Price is okay, but I wouldn't go regularly--only on special occasions or when the gang gets together for a dinner date. Their dessert items are also very good.  I have never, ever been disappointed by their food! Also, the white sangria is yummy but I gotta say that their pitcher of Strawberry mojito beats the sangria hands down. 

I wish they had a Firefly here where I lived now, that's how awesome this place is (minus the long wait). Last visited August 2013.
Got here for the first time with my girlfriend. 
The best thing I can say about the place is the service. 
If you come here for a date I suggest don't. It is very loud. 
We ordered the fried calamari tapas and the eggplant rolls with goat cheese. 
I think the calamari was too salty and on the other hand the eggplants roll were too bland. 
We also ordered the seafood ipella. 
That was ok it had the flavor. 
I suggest to come here with friends and have fun not a one on one on Friday nights.
With friends you can make as much noise as you want and drink. 
Like a local bar almost.  
I give it a 3 out of 5 because of the service. I think it was great they were always on top of everything.
Two stars for service. 

Food: Fried calamari - too salty; Eggplant cannelloni - too bland filled with coagulated, low quality goat cheese; Seafood paella - more like rubber disguised as seafood - was overcooked beyond belief; Chocolate tres leches - cake on top of melted ice cream it seemed

Atmosphere: not a great date place unless you want to exercise your vocal chords via yelling at your date. Excellent bar atmosphere, chill and great customer service. Overall appearance of the restaurant is great.

Best thing they can do for this place, re-train their cooks or fire the ones they have. They need new cooks. 

Overall, take your money elsewhere, this is VEGAS. You will find better.
Boquerones and manchego mac and cheese were pretty good! Tres leches cake was also nice. Should have gone with the full pitcher of Sangria. Can't wait to try the paella next time.
I was surprised to see this new, bigger location. I really like the intimate setting of the previous spot but they did a good job with this one. Obviously, the demand led them to a bigger space, which makes business sense. 

We sat near the bar... they have TV's with sports on, which takes away from the experience in my opinion. Whenever I have had tapas, it's usually an intimate spot with your wine or sangria, your tapas, and your friends. This was almost like tapas in a sports bar!

As for the food, I can't find any reason to complain. I thought the bacon wrapped dates were pretty much dead on. I didn't expect the chicken salad to be as good as it was. The steak skewers were really good and also the empanadas hit the spot. 

Although the setting may not be what it was it is nice to see the quality of the food to be where it always has been and that it didn't disappoint!
I absolutely love Firefly. Their food is delicious. The tuna tartar is to die for. The paella is unlike any other paella I've ever had... In a good way. Even their french fries are phenomenal! 

Their sangria is FABULOUS!!! My friend and I go all the time and split a pitcher. Two glasses in we are always having a GREAT TIME! 

The service is great. All the waiters and staff are super friendly and always available if you need something. 

Plus the restaurant is quite large but still has a very intimate feel no matter where you are sitting.

Hands down my favorite restaurant in Vegas.
This place is definitely one of the must go places in Vegas. All their dishes are small so you can try tons of dishes. You have to get the bacon wrapped stuffed dates and the sangria. The steak is huge a good portion and cooked to the proper doneness (medium rare)!! And they start you off on the best note with their delicious compound butter. Atmosphere is loud, fun and exciting! Staff was really good, friendly and helpful, even to my party of 15.
Great tapas good mix of locals and tourist always busy I would recommend the sangria or diablo shrimp
My husband and I were in Vegas in October and couldn't wait to go back to 
Firefly! When we heard they shut down we were so bummed. I just loved the atmosphere at the old location. We always take our friends  whenever were in town. I dream about the pardon peppers and bacon wrapped dates. We had no problem getting a table around 8:30 or so on a Monday night. The new place seemed almost bare it's so much bigger. We sat across from the kitchen next to each other looking into the kitchen thru the swinging door. Not what  we had in mind . I hate being to close to the kitchen traffic. We decided to move to the bar. It's a really nice addition. We were the only ones at the bar when we sat down. By the time we left it was 3/4 full. Restaurant appreciation night I believe. We always order red sangria but heard the white was really good. Our bartender offered to let us sample it . We still went with red. 2 of us will down a pitcher!  We are in Vegas you know! We were brought some yummy bread and omg! That butter is the best stuff ever! I forgot about the butter!  We ordered our usual , 1 order of bacon wrapped dates, then pardon peppers, such wonderful chile flavor not spicy a little salty, I believe they are flash fried, but I think the order was a little smaller than it use to be. They are so addictive. I found 1 place in Denver to get them but not the same  restaurant vibe. We decide we need more dates and then the cream cheese stuffed peppers. The sauce and cheese and peppers! Yum! Our bartender told us about the garbanzo beans. We had never had them roasted in the shell before. We liked them.  And then more stuffed peppers! That was our fav. Dinner in Vegas as always. Just sit and graze. Every bite was a party in my mouth! The bartenders were on top of the water and plates and very friendly. The manager stopped to see how everything was and we chatted for quite a while.  He was eager to hear our comments. When he found out we were in the bar biz in Denver he even gave us the locals discount! That was a really nice thing for him to do. I can't remember names as it's been too long. I should have written this sooner.  But life happens.  The food is as good as ever at the new location.  The atmosphere in the dining room I'm not sure I'm sold on. Something's missing. The kitchen really stands out too much. It's just really open for everyone to see. I missed the intimacy of the old place. Will we be back? Absolutely! If it's warmer I'm looking foreword to sitting on the patio! You guys do a great job!
The tapas were amazing. Good customer service. Food was a lil slow but overall fairly nice
Great experience the other night at the new location. Excellent food, drinks and service.
Seriously unbelievable.  Not only was the service spectacular, but the food was outrageously delicious.  The chorus of ooos and ahhhs from our party every time a new dish was tasted was almost ridiculous, but it really was THAT good.  There was a sizable wait when we arrived, but we easily found a few seats at the bar.  Definitely a good choice!  Our service was spot on: the bartenders had amazing recommendations for drinks and tapas, and they took great care of us.  

The highlights of our meal were the shrimp diablo, clams with chorizo, chicken tinge empanadas, white sangria, and the apple/manchago salad.  I've never been so impressed by a salad before!  We had a slight hiccup when a bug flew into my glass of sangria, but our bartender wasted no time and replaced our entire pitcher.  Above and beyond!  

A wonderful restaurant, spectacular food, and top-notch service.  We will be back!
Very good tapas.  We went with the Tuna Tartare, Stuffed Dates, Patatas Brevas, Mushroom Tart, Fried Calamari, Grilled Scallops, Albondigas, Ham and Cheese Croquetas, and Serrano Sliders.  It was a great meal that my wife and I shared.  My favorite was the tuna tartare, my wifes favorite was the mushroom tart.  All the food was great, aside from the calamari which was overcooked.  The service was great and the staff was all very attentive to our needs.  We really wanted to try some dessert but as you can see we went all out for our main meal/s.  I definitely will come back to this place next time I am in Vegas.
Apparently some people renting wave about this place I was not impressed by the least service I thought was kind of slow not friendly at all very limited on items they don't sell too much for me to eat, it's some kind of Mexican Spanish fusion food it was awful maybe you enjoy it, The pictures I took do look good the inside of the restaurant has some nice areas but again I was not impressed with the food,it  wasn't to my taste.
This is seriously an amazing Tapas restaurant and the ambiance is just perfect for a date or a group outting. 

We ordered the civiche, dates, melt in your mouth baby back ribs and for dessert we had flan and the nutela banana sandwich bites. 

The service was speedy, efficient and simply perfect.  We had a main server and a runner whom both provided us their names and recommended dishes based on what we said we liked.

My friend actually asked for an iphone 4 chsrger and the waitress was kind enough to let us use her charger & she even watched it for us while it charged.  

This is a great place to go before heading out to the clubds or bars. You can enjoy small dishes and get a littls buzz going before paying $20 for a drink in a popular club.
A must on every Vegas trip. We ordered the shrimp, bacon dates, beef salad, escargot & more shrimp & sangrias. Dinner w/ drinks around $70 not bad for the taste and selection.
Firefly man I love this place. Food orgy time yet again.  I discovered it via a friends recommendation last time I was in vegas and now it is an essential part to any great vegas vacation. First time to the new location which is a stones throw from the old location. I like the larger size but miss some of the character of the old building. 

They have a great mojito and a even better happy hour M-F 3-6. Unfortunately the happy hour is only for drinks. I also enjoyed one of my favorite craft beers rouge hazelnut its only 3$ during happy hour.

We brought a few friends along and stayed for several drinks and hours. It was definitely one of the highlights of our trip. The standouts wrrr the majitos we had both a pitcher and a few extra glasses. It is a little better in a glass the flavors are better proportioned. The sliders and dates were my two favorite dishes. I really enjoyed the shrimp, empanadas, stuffed mushrooms and firefly fishsticks. The only dish I would pass on was the scallop as they were rather fishy. 

I feel the best way to experience firefly is with good service,  friends, drinks and great food.
A local favorite that has grown to be known by tourist as well. I absolutely love this place. I've tried just about everything on the menu and never been let down. There are some items I simply wouldn't order again but I have never had anything I didn't like. The food comes out very fast! The fresh mojitos and sangrias are also delicious, if you have a group get the pitcher. Only reason I graded a 4 is because of the new location. The old spot seemed more authentic or...idk just a different vibe to it.
Very tasty food and excellent people management! We had a booking for 20 people, and as soon as the staff noticed it was a wedding party tequila shots were suggested :) The waitstaff were very patient when dealing with a large number of people and their separate orders for food and drinks. The food itself was delicious and very reasonably priced.
The new place is great! Don't know how, but it was even better than the 1st time we went, we tried a lot of tapas, and all were AMAZING! Stuffed dates, patatas bravas. stuffed mushrooms, meatballs, chicken skewers, fries, sardine/anchovie avacado bread, all were so delish! Sangria was out of this world! Banana nutella sandwiches and chocolate tres leches were good, not the best part of the meal, nothing to complain about, but not out of this world.  Our waiter was great also.
I was relatively unimpressed. The food was just mediocre, though the portions were great for sharing amongst the 4 of us. Some of the better dishes we had were the shrimp tempura and the beef and mushroom skewers. The calamari would have been better if they had used the same batter as the tempura. We went at an odd hour, so the place was pretty dead, but it's definitely spacious and would be great if they hosted weekly salsa nights or something, I'm not sure if they already do. The staff are very friendly and you can tell they really want you to have a positive experience. Unfortunately, I don't think I will be returning because there are plenty of other great choices in the vicinity.
Still the place to go. Food & Service at the bar are great! We love the ambience and has nice music.
The dates have always been my favorite and my girl loves the scallops. Finish the night with chocolate tres leches!
Maybe they should change the name to phoenix cause this place is reborn.

Its nice to see spot like Firefly bounce back from the whole Salmonella disaster last year. Yes people got sick from the food here, will it happen again? Nope. In fact they have a food safety consultant and its probably the safest place in town to eat.

I've been slacking on checking out the new location but I finally got to stop by a few days ago. The new location is a building over from their original spot but is probably three times the size. Its a large stand alone building with a big patio, massive bar, and plenty of space for diners and large parties. The new spot captures the look and feel of the original Firefly while expanding a little and establishing itself as its own restaurant. Across from the bar is an open kitchen viewing area/bar which should ease some concerns about food handling and safety.

During our visit the service was spot-on. Our server and bussers were on top of refills and had some great recommendations. Keep in mind that the tapas come out in waves not all at once. The food thankfully (unless you had the limited edition Salmonella flavors) is the same. During this last trip we had the mac n cheese, chorizo and chicken stuffed mushrooms, bacon wrapped dates, and chicken skewers. We also had the chicken and mushroom pallela, kind of like a gumbo without the shrimp, this thing can easily feed 3 to 4 people. All of the dishes were as delicious as before and I recommend checking out all of them. I think their raised their prices on the pitchers of mojitos but its still worth it especially if you are stopping by during happy hour.

Its great to see people give Firefly a second chance, and I commend the restaurant on making some substantive changes.
Right off the strip, this place is a great place to get a meal away from the over priced, commercialized eateries on the blvd. They have a great selection of tapas, a full bar, and plenty of seating for large parties.

I tried: bacon wrapped dates.  AMAZING
calamari-pretty good, but the dipping sauce could of been better.
Ahi tuna tartar- with bits of avocado. 
Sliders- tasty!
Machego Mac n cheese- probably the best thing I had there.
Spicy beef salad-I wish they used other greens beside the iceberg lettuce, and the beef could of been more tender.
Sangria- good, get the pitcher!
I heard bad things about this place, but don't listen!!! It's was amazing, went with friends and we each ordered something different. Best thing was the artichoke toast. Loved it!!! The sangria was also incredible. It had apples which are my favorite! Defiantly gonna come back.
Oh wow!  Choco tres leches.  Brought 1/2 dozen buddies with me and we all had a blast, everyone was impressed.  Each dish was better than the last.  We'll definitely be back next month.
A friend of mine was in town and I took her here based on the yelp reviews.  It was my first time as well and I had high expectations based on the reviews.  This place did not disappoint!  The food and the drinks were fantastic!  We ordered a pitcher of sangria to split.  So yummy!  I just kept drinking more and more....They have this amazing garlic bread to start, with some sort of sweet butter.  AMAZING!  It was addicting and I had to stop myself from eating the whole thing.  In addition, my friend and I ordered the firefly fries, steak and mushroom skewers, and ham and cheese croquets.  All of the dishes were phenomenal.  They have a lot of different options for tapas and they all sounded so good but we had to stop after 3 since we were getting real full. 

The service was also great.  Our server always came by to check on us and our glasses were always filled.  This place looks to be a great place for groups to eat and drink together.  We came around 7:45-8pm and were seated right away.  It wasn't too busy.  However, as the night went on, it seemed to start getting really busy and louder around maybe 9pm with a lot more groups.  Something to keep in mind.

I can't wait to come back here and take my husband so we can try some more tapas (looking forward to trying their paella)...and so I can drink more of that delicious sangria of course ;)
Everything we ordered was absolutely fabulous. Food was served very quickly, excellent service. Loved the atmosphere!
What a great place!!  Let me just say the service was exceptional.  The food delicious we tried so many different ones it was great would definitely recommend it to everyone and try everything we just about did!!
This was an late night choice after an event at the Hard Rock Hotel~ a little timid after the issues over the summer....but the worries were for not~
     GREAT HOSTESS~ friendly & personal it was a bit noisy and she did try to seat in a more quieter area.
     SUPER SERVER~ Jessica, I think. Very helpful and personable and even tho it was late she was friendly.
 We ordered the garbanzo beans, FRICKIN INCREDIABLE!!!!!! More addicting that BBQ Potato Chips for me~ just DEEELISH! Ordered the dates, husband ate those said they were quite good. These are highly recommended on Yelp! The chicken Tinga Empanadas also FAB! And the sliders all . The Machego Mac & cheese disappointing, try something else as they have numerous options.
    DEFINATLY will return, however the location on Eastern is more convenient from home for us.
Once again awesome tapas and sangria!  All for the same price as three margaritas at the Jose Cuervo  airport bar.  I love the new location!  I hope the kitchen issues are behind you firefly!
Id give a 1 star if the food wasnt so delicious here. thats why im giving two. 
The service was horrible. came here for a going away party last week and we were sat in the middle of the room at a long table. My boyfriend and I were a little late so we asked the hostess if she sat any big parties, who ever she was texting on her phone was obviously waaay more important then we were so we found our party ourselves. once at the table it took us 15 minutes to be able to order drinks. I ordered my usual scotch and soda, never being asked what scotch i wanted, but i assumed they would just give me their well scotch. was i wrong about that... but we will go over that once i tell you about our bill.

our drinks finally arrive about 10 minutes later, i ordered water as well so i reminded the server when he dropped off our drinks. Our water never came, even after reminding him a 3rd time.

The food was amazing, as usual. We had the heirloom salad, padron peppers, artichoke toasts, ceviche, ahi poke, and we split the spicy shrimp. (i obviously took a break from veganism for a night) The heirloom salad is freaking amazing, ive never had such a great salad. 

Once getting our bill, we noticed i was charged for Macallan 12. For all my scotch drinkers that are reading this, it is a crime to mix Macallan 12 with soda.. If you cant just drink it straight, just admit to yourself that you are by no means a scotch enthusiast.  And with a price of $14 (i think?) a drink, we werent too thrilled. On top of everything the tip was already included, and we werent told this. So for horrible service we ended up tipping double. 

On our way out the same hostess was still on her phone texting away. If we didnt live in Veer Towers and were so close to this location we would never return. You would figure with all the bad press this restaurant has endured they would step up their customer service.
Great cocktails but bad service.  Sat at the bar and pretty much had the menu thrown at me. It took about ten minutes for the bar tender to notice me after I had a chance to review the menu. It was my first time there and probably my last. Sucks because I was really excited about going there.
I haven't been here since they moved and I always enjoyed Firefly. A 30 min wait on a Friday was not bad and we were taken to a table within this time frame. We sat and it took  a bit for a server to come over so we made some food decisions before ordering a drink. Finally ordering a mojito it was brought back to the table with the worst sour taste to it. A new one was made with no issues and it was a little better.
 -The food itself was up and down. The fries are always good and the Serrano ham and cheese plate was excellent. The clams with chorizo were bad, the clams weren't cleaned and there was grit in the dish along with broken pieces of shell. The Tierra y mare skewers which are my favorite were so salty I wiped them off with a napkin! just a nightmare.
- service may be the worst. Waiting on drinks and trying to reorder food is like waiting in line at the DMV but with alcohol. Most of the staff was busy talking to a friend who sat at a big booth and sipped water for an hour while other parties waited to be seated. It was nice to see someone was being waited on.
Came here twice so far and every time I am blown away at how well the sangria is and the tapas!

Definitely try the sangria. Some tapas recommendations:

-bacon wrapped dates
-ceviche
-Steak and mushroom skewers
-Shrimp and pork skewers
-stuffed mushrooms
-mac n' cheese

I'm sure the other selections are great. I'd definitely come back to try more.

Also, free valet! =]

one recommendation: They could tone down the outside music or maybe try a more intimate/romantic ambiance.
This place is always fun. The sangria is great and the food is different than most other restaurants. It's one of my go to stops when Im in Vegas.
Now that it has moved, I must write a new review. I just love this place! I am sad that I have moved so it is out of my way so I can't make my weekly happy hour trips, but I have been able to visit a few times and I have had great experiences. The food and drinks were just as good as the old location as was the service. I love that the new location is much bigger and more modern, although I do miss the dark romantic ambiance the old location had, but the bigger the restaurant is that means the less of a wait so I'm happy about that! Also, valet is a HUGE plus as the last location's parking situation was horrible. Some of my favorites I order every time I have been here and never disappoint are the stuffed peppers, pulpo asado and camarones al ajillo (garlic shrimp, I may have totally spelled that wrong but at least I tried LOL). Definitely recommend this place to everyone!
What a great place for a large group party. I came here for a friend's rehearsal dinner and had a fantastic time. We had the private room and 'it was just cozy and intimate. 

I enjoyed the various tapas that were ordered. The highlight for me was the chorizo clams, mac n cheese, and the steak. That steak hit the spot. It was cooked a perfect medium rare. I don't know if I was famished or just jet lagged but that steak was gooood.

The sangria was very light and very dangerous. I shared a pitcher with my friend and we totally destroyed it. I went with the sparking white sangria and later on the classic red. Thank goodness for cab service!!

The service was spot on considering how many people were present (about 20 ppl).

I had a great time with my friends. I highly recommend it.
Cute but flavorful tapas plates. Great service for low price (relatively speaking)!
The 5 stars goes to our dinner and our server, which was absolutely wonderful. We were a party of five and ordered the chicken & mushroom paella, two pitchers of the red sangria (my favorite over the white) and several tapas. The bacon wrapped dates are by far the best I've ever had, the pork empanadas and roasted red peppers are also a standouts. All the others were great as well. Although we enjoy this place a lot, it was our first time bringing out of town family members here and they were beyond impressed with the food, ambiance and service. 

HOWEVER: I must note that the valet parking here is RIDICULOUS!  It's like FIVE feet from the entrance. We initially parked in an open spot out front NOT marked for valet, only to have the jerky valet guy bitch us out for parking in a "valet" spot. So we backed out of the spot, drove about two feet and gave him our keys to valet....and he parked it in just about the same damn spot! I don't get it, but whatever. Wasn't thrilled about tipping him either, but the fianc did. 

Definitely my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Despite the idiot valet situation. I think we would have had a better time if we weren't all put off by the valet guy. Lame.
Consistently terrible service every time I go but the food is always amazing so I keep going back. I think I'm done though. We didn't see our server for pretty much the whole meal except when it was time to get our check. Once we put our payment in the card he was suddenly there to grab it and get us out of there but when we needed to order more or get refills he was no where to be found. It wouldn't have been so bad except things like this happen EVERY SINGLE TIME we go there. It might have to do with the fact that I'm young and they think I don't tip well but I work in the industry and tip at least 20% every time. I'm not coming back ever again.
I have been going to Firefly for years.  It was recommended to me first by a close friend that worked in the restaurant industry in Vegas as a locals place. I went to the original location one block away and since the move, have been to the new location a few times now.  I make it a point to visit this place each time I visit Vegas on business or pleasure.  I recommend this place to all my friends, family, and co-workers.

On my recent visit on 12/28/13, my family (4 of us total..kids were 10 and 14) enjoyed:

1) Red Sangria - Get a pitcher(s) of this stuff.  It is the nectar of the wine gods.  It is a perfect blend of sweet and tart on a hot or warm day and compliments all the dishes they have well.

2) Tapas Style - Since moving to the new larger location, they changed their menu and added more flare.  
  - Tomato-basil soup and grilled cheese is light, flavorful, and refreshing.
  - Shrimp ceviche is cool refreshing, seasoned well and balanced in flavor.
  - Stuffed Dates had a smoky bacon wrapped around a semi-sweet date with an almond inside.  It was a great combination of flavors and the crunch added a nice texture.
  - Firefly Fries are a large portion of garlic and parmesan goodness.
  - Manchego Mac 'n' Cheese was the kid's favorite.  Fresh and homemade with real cheeses.
  - Chicken Skewers was another kid's favorite.  There was a roasted garlic cream that added some good flavor to the chicken.
  - Serrano Sliders were really tasty and tender.  We added some of the onion straws it came with as a garnish in the slider to kick it up a notch.
  - Merguez...my wife doesn't like sausage but this lamb sausage was great.  Not very gamey but a good rich tasting meat complimented with red peppers.
  - Lamb Chops - It was like eating candy...it was lamb as it should be with a base of seasoning that brought out a slight pleasant sweetness.
  - Camarones a la Diabla - Shrimp in a spicy sweet sauce.  Hands down one of the best dishes there.  The sauce is so good...ask for extra bread for dipping.
  - Desserts for us consisted of our favorites...flan and tres leches cake.  The flan is traditionally made and the flavor of the custard has an almond taste to it...the tres leches cake is moist and sweet to eat.

3) Service - The servers, runners, and bussers were fantastic.  Our drinks were always filled, table was clutter free, and our server checked in at the right moments.  

4) Ambiance - The new location is much easier to get in and out of.  The dcor and layout of the restaurant was very open and relaxing.

Overall...great job on the new location and new menu!
I brought a visiting girlfriend here not too long after this location moved and I had to come clean with her about the place's summer debacle with the health department. I saw her eyes pop out of her head, but she calmed down once I reassured her that this venue came back with a clean bill of health. And let's be completely honest - after a complete PR meltdown with a grip of guests falling sick, the place can't afford another screw up, so it's probably more paranoid about sanitation than a mom in a daycare center. 

We came just in the nick of time for happy hour and grabbed a couple of glasses of sangria before ordering usual staples like stuffed dates, shrimp ceviche, and steamed mussels. All a big win in our book, plus the service was fast but not at all rushed. Firefly is a great place to grab a drink and a few small bites, or to order a lot of dishes and sample everything. You know, European dim sum! 

Parking is a bigger fiasco than it was at their original location in that it is now a small lot in the back, so consider yourself warned!
Oh man.... this new building and location is amazing. It's huge! Relative to the old location that they had overgrown years ago, this place is the size of Costco. But the best thing is their food is still nothing short of Yelp 5-star quality. Service is solid to! While I do miss the old location in terms of number of parking spots and small cozy feel, this place is much more suited to the amount of volume they do.
This place is worth checking out. It provides a comforting & spacious atmosphere plus delicious tapas & sangria. Come with a group and order many items collectively so that everyone can try a multitude of dishes (as one would at a dim sum restaurant). I recommend the bacon wrapped dates, shrimp diablo, lamb, skewers with filet mignon/shrimp/ chorizo, fries, octopus/potato dish, mac n cheese, and of course the red sangria :) Service was good. Expect around a total of $30/person in order to leave very satisfied.
We ordered the tuna skewers with mango and ginger so delicious but small portions. I get it its tapas, so by virtue it's small portions but why do they give you a huge feeding the 5,000 serving of fries and an anorexics dole for everything else? Like the dates they were delicious but they really didn't  give enough for the price. We also got the escargo style scallops. Those were my favorite in a lemon butter garlic sauce!! I'd say go but be prepared to spend more then you'll feel ecstatic about. The sangria was on special though so I can't hate :)
Great affordable tapas!

I love their sparkling sangria and their honey almond butter. I ate two platefuls of it this time around. 

My go-to's are the the tuna tartare and the mixed paella. Make sure you order the paella early on so you don't have to wait too long. 

This time we had Jaime serving our table along with our main server and he was amazing. Someone give him a promotion! He never let me see the bottom of my water glass and that is very rare. He even stopped another server from taking away my lemon wedges because he knew I wasn't done with them. 

Good food, good prices.
I was disappointed by this restaurant -- it did not live up to the reviews.  It is true that this is an affordable tapas restaurant, but the food was just ok.  It wasn't horrible.  But nothing was really a wow.
My favorite meal yet in vegas:) I could have thrown a dart blindfolded at the menu and fully trusted that I would receive an interesting and delicious culinary success. 

The meal is well paced and the servers are efficient (you get what you pay for). Only drawback? I was there on a Thursday and it was PACKED and very loud. 

Also, free valet;)
Gross... I saw my server outside smoking and walked straight back into the kitchen... I 
Watched him take plates to be served out to the main room without washing... Good food is one thing, bad cleanliness is another.
Food was good, but service was aweful!!! The server was impatient, and did not bring what was ordered. She literally sighed when we asked questions about the menu, and said " we should let her know when we are ready", without answering any question we asked. 

I won't go back.... Not worth the trouble of crappy parking, bad location, and horrible service! Too bad, potential, but horrible execution.
Came here 2 years in a row during CES. Great tapas, everything we ordered was excellent. Stuffed dates were to die for.
Having been to their former location just a block or two down the road, this new location is much much nicer and slightly more upscale. The space is huge. On a Friday night this place gets very crowded. Nice ambience but can be very loud so forget about talking to the other person sitting across the table from you. 

The food quality is about the same as the old location. I asked for a red sangria, mushroom tart and firefly fries. Honestly, I remembered the red sangria to be a lot better from the old location. Delicious fries. I wasn't too crazy about the sauted  mushroom on top of popovers.
***Firefly is a decent and not too expensive alternative to the many overpriced Las Vegas restaurants on The Strip; unfortunately, there are some mediocre tapas here to go along with their good tapas and service was poor on my visit***

The Strip is filled with overpriced restaurants that churn out mediocre food.  Whether you are going to a fine dining restaurant or a cafe charging fine dining entree prices, chances are you are going to leave the restaurant feeling like you did not get much for your money.  Off The Strip though you will find more local spots and more bang for your buck in good quality and not outrageously pricey restaurants like Lotus of Siam (some may find Lotus of Siam pricey, but it is nothing like the Vegas fine dining spots charging sometimes twice as much as what that restaurant would cost in Los Angeles or other cities).

Firefly is off The Strip and it is a local spot.  It is a longstanding tapas restaurant with a huge following and maybe even a bigger menu.  With the big menu, it is not surprising that some dishes shine while others underwhelm.  Here is the rundown:

(Anchovy toasts with avocado) I liked these toasts.  It was nice having the flavorful anchovy as well as the creaminess from the fresh avocado.

(Bacon wrapped dates stuffed with blue cheese and smoked almond, red wine reduction) The bacon was crispy and the date was sweet and I liked the blue cheese.  The crunchy almond was kind of odd and I did not like the red wine reduction--unnecessary and it kind of made the bacon wrapped dates overly sugary and soggy if you did not pluck the bacon wrapped dates out of the dish as soon as they came out.

(Camarones a la diabla, shrimp, sweet and spicy sauce, grilled bread) The shrimp was nicely cooked and plump and the sauce had a good amount of heat (a little too BBQ sauce-like though)

(Artichoke toasts, aioli, basil, pepper) The artichoke hearts were good--not as good as the anchovy toasts but still satisfying.

(Heirloom tomatoes, burrata, butter lettuce, basil, balsamic vinaigrette) The heirloom tomatoes were surprisingly juicy for not being in season and the burrata was very creamy (almost as good as the more expensive burrata at Mario Batali's B&B Ristorante in The Venetian / Palazzo).  Unfortunately, the butter lettuce was drenched in balsamic, which made this good green into nothing more than decorative garnish for the plate.

(Empanada with pork, red pepper cream cheese and aioli) I am not familiar with empanadas, but I thought these were good.  They have several other types of empanadas available.

(Padron Peppers) These flash-fried peppers had a nice light outside skin and some good heat.  They would be a nice addition to many dishes.

(Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms) A surprising amount of heat.

(Albondigas, meatballs in a sherry and tomato sauce with parmesan) These meatballs were average stuff in a simple tomato sauce.  I would have preferred freshly grated parmesan to the melted parmesan cheese here (which felt like it had been melted a long time ago and had been sitting around for a while).

(Camarones al ajillo, shrimp, lemon and garlic butter sauce) The shrimp were fine, but I thought the lemon, butter and scampi-like sauce was just okay.  Still, it was not too heavy or oily (I think many would like it).

(Steak and mushroom skewers, filet, roasted garlic cream sauce) I thought these were average; the meat was a tad dry.

(Fried calamari) Standard calamari.

Desserts were satisfying.  The caramel flan had a good flavor and the right texture and while the ice cream did not have an incredibly creamy consistency, the portion was generous and the flavors were pretty good (chocolate, vanilla, pistachio).  The chocolate tres leches cake definitely had the expected moistness of a tres leches cake as well as a light chocolate flavor.

Prices were reasonable.  The food was decent and you do not have to pay the outrageous prices that you have to pay on The Strip.

Service was poor.  The staff was pleasant and the food came out at a quick pace, but the staff was not attentive.  After putting in our order, the staff was pretty non-existent so getting drinks and water glasses refilled and receiving the bill took way too long.

Firefly has a dark and loud atmosphere.

Firefly is a good spot if you want a decent meal in Las Vegas but do not want to pay the typical outrageous Vegas prices.  It reminds me a lot of Long Beach's Cafe Sevilla in terms of menu choices and the quality of the food (though that Long Beach restaurant has much better service).

Firefly has its own parking lot (I believe it might be valet parking though).
Bacon wrapped around your dates!?......end of review.
Came here with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday, the choice was perfect, elegant, clean, affordable and with a menu so intensive anyone would surely find something to their liking. I had the fried calamari, pardon peppers, the dates wrapped in bacon and the paella which was very delicious and loaded with seafood. The peppers were medium to mild but you may end up with a very spicy one, but as Forrest Gumpzalez once said "life is a plate of peppers, you never know which one is going to burn you". I asked the waiter if they could fry the calamari in tempura mix instead of their regular mix and they did which means that everything is made to order and not frozen ready like other places do.
 I also ordered the sangria and a mojito and they both were perfectly done, a harmonious mixture of fruits and wine made this sangria one of the best I tasted. 
  Service was great..at the beginning and then it slowly became nonexistent, but to be fair I think we might have overstayed our welcome. I blame it on the sangria. 
Tip was included on the bill as any establishment would do for parties of 8 or more but we added some more to cover lingering fees.
Great times and great food will surely keep me coming for more and if you keep on making good drinks as good as your dates wrapped in bacon, you'll definitely have me wrapped around your sangria for sure.
I was fortunate enough to dine here during CES last week. Holeeee moleee it was good. We bought pitchers of the Sangria which was suitable for 3-4 people. Then we started off with the bacon wrapped dates because BACON. My colleague was very eager to try something with Manchengo cheese so we ordered the Manchego Mac & Cheese which was good but I'd pass next time around(not a manchego cheese fan). The pork empanadas were good as well but I'd definitely recommend the steak and mushroom. Nom nom noms.

Price was reasonable so if you get a chance dine here!
This is a great restaurant to dine or hang out when in Vegas. 

The menu offers a variety of more of the American-Spanish fusion tapas rather than traditional Spanish tapas.

We ordered:
5/5 - Camarones a la diabla (shrimp with firely sweet and spicy sauce)  $10
5/5 - Grilled Scallops $12
4.5/5 - Steamed mussels $9.50
3/5 - Seafood paella $20 45 min. wait so order in advance
5/5 - Large Salad $12

The shrimp and scallops were absolutely flavorful and cooked to perfection.  Even the salad with sun dried tomatoes and roasted peppers was absolutely delicious! 

Since this is a Spanish tapas restaurant, we decided to try their seafood paella. The paella takes 45 minutes to prepare and for most people, that's not a long wait since the times goes by fairly quickly when people are talking and sampling tapas. Nevertheless, it wasn't very authentic so will skip that next time around.

Great service and lively atmosphere. Will definitely return!
Really good sangria; food is really good. Nice venue for a party or a small social gathering with friends.
Great for Tapas and large groups, or any groups for that matter. You can sit at the bar or make reservation for a table (this place is packed!) and try different food options from the menu, most of them are around $5 and very good!. Loved the bacon wrapped dates and mushrooms and the eggplant, heck loved them all! It's a little off the strip so if this is your first trip to Vegas you won't make it here, but if you want to try something else and have some good food and good time absolutely bookmark this one!
I have been here twice, once for a girl's dinner about 4 years back and again recently for a bachelorette dinner with 28 people. The food is tapas style and the prices are really cheap (well, compared to SF and LA tapas prices) for the quality of food. We ordered about 10 different dishes to share between the four of us, along with a pitcher of their sangria (large pitcher for only $28!!) and we were all STUFFED! 

Our favorite stand out dishes include the scallops "escargot" (juicy scallops in a butter pesto sauce), the bacon wrapped dates, shrimp diablo, clams and mussels. I'm sure everything is yummy because there was not a dish I did not enjoy out of the 10 that we shared. This restaurant will be bookmarked for all my future trips to Vegas! It's great for groups or a romantic dinner and food came out hot and fast.
I've only been here 3 times in my life and all 3 times the service was terrible. I liked the food so I have it two stars. I will not be returning. And this last time which was last Friday was also the first time in my life I have ever tipped someone less than 20%
Story Time - My bro and I were in Vegas for 3 days of golf. We asked the concierge at the hotel to recommend a restaurant in Vegas, not necessarily on the strip. He gave us two to pick from. Battistas www.battistaslasvegas.com/ - "Italian Food" and Firefly "Tapas".   

We navigated to the Strip and ended up closer to Battistas.   The smell of the food was great, but there was no ambiance and having Chablis as the included wine was not working for me.  So, I pulled my brother out of there pronto and we drove to Firefly.

When we arrived at Firely, we walked in to ambiance and vibe.  Yes, this place had a buzz and I knew I had made the right decision.  No wait on a Monday night, yeah.   

Our server was excellent and somehow we merged our picks from the great tapas on the menu for one of the best meals I have ever had.

From memory, the following were our choices.

Heirloom Tomato Salad  -  One of the best salad dressings (the cheese they use in combination with the balsamic dressing was out of this world good).

Risotto Stuffed Peppers - Amazingly simple, but just the kind of Tapas I love.   

Ahi Tuna with Mango on skewers -  If there was a flaw in anything, the mangos were a bit unripe, but it was still really good.

Lamb Chops -  Small lamb chops.  I do not each red meat, so this was for my bro.  But, I am not religious and had a nibble, they were amazing and the sauce was great.

The garlic butter with the bread was so good, I have to mention that too.

The food was so amazing, we came back the next night after playing 36 holes of golf.   We were a solid 40 minute drive away, but the food was so good, we had to come back.  Unfortunately, we tried to broaden the orders and made a few choices that were not as good.  Gary ordered the fried calamari, but in hindsight, it is always good and it was not something that stood out with so many other amazing choices on the menu.   

In any case, if you are in Vegas, you gotta visit this great spot!
Firefly is always a must for me when visiting Vegas. Great food and good prices.
The atmosphere is very cool and lounge-like, with low lighting and great music playing. It's right off the strip, but it's more popular for locals, so the vibe is laid back.

Now for the food!

The salmon toasts, veggie empanadas, and calamari were excellent! I went with my sister and a friend, and we ordered 6 savory apps and 3 desserts to split, and we had plenty of dessert left over. I absolutely recommend the mini cheesecakes and lemon berry tarts for dessert, and the goat cheese and eggplant cannelloni as a starter. 

The house shandy is an excellent choice of drink; they mix up the traditional beer-and-lemonade cocktail by taking a light Belgian beer, mixing with fresh strawberry bitters, and adding a bit of Amaretto to top it off. So refreshing and so delicious!

We always hit up Firefly before a night on the strip; it's a tradition now to make it our first stop to kick off our annual Vegas weekend.
Just had dinner here and holy crap totally worth the walk from the Strip. It's a little out here so take a cab, but it's all amazing. We had the Cevacha, fish sticks,  mac and cheese and papas bravas and they were all fantastic. Extremely well priced for the portions served and good service, fast and efficient and our water always came quickly.  Also had mojitos and sangria,  both delicious and strong enough.  Great atmosphere,  a little loud but very nice.  Absolutely Check it out I will come back when I'm in a Vegas.
tapas and sangria are always a good time! love the ambiance and bringing friends here for the first time. they have all loved it and returned. the new location is quite larger but still has a great vibe! 

a few of my favs:

apple and manchego salad (green apple, manchego cheese, smoked almonds, lightly dressed)

stuffed  dates (bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese)

pulpo asado (grilled octopus, potato, tomato, paprika-lemon vinaigrette)

albondigas (meatballs in sherry tomato sauce, parmesan)

chocolate "tres leches" cake

this is the perfect spot for a date, birthday dinner or just catching up with a friend.  highly recommended you can't go wrong here!
I always order red sangria (the best!), bacon wrapped dates (sweet and savory), shrimp ceviche (fresh and light), Mac n cheese, (cheesy and creamy), tres leches (flour less cake soaked in sweet milk! Mmm). I feel better it is a new location.  Our service this last time was extremely delayed.  She also forgot to put in an item. We did not receive it until we finished  eating everything else we ordered.
Our business group found Firefly a couple years ago at the old location up the block on Paradise and fell in love with it for entertaining customers. The food and service were outstanding, and the Tapas theme great for having a fun business meal. The place was noisy, but you could still hear each other. However this trip to Firefly we found the restaurant had moved to a new and larger location just about a block up the road, however the building has low ceilings and terrible acoustics, making the once passable noise level for business unacceptable. Also, the tables are really small, so once you seat six or more people, and they start bringing Tapas, there is simply ZERO room to put the food! Unfortunately we will now sadly not return for business meals, but will always go for the Bacon-wrapped Dates!
Great food. Mac and cheese and bacon dates unreal.. Great wine. Sat at the bar, nice setup..
I'm so happy that Firefly moved and didn't close. I have loved visiting this place as long as I've been coming to Vegas (long time). Their Padron peppers are my favorite menu item and they did not disappoint today! A full plate of peppers flash fried with lemon and sea salt was $5.50 - a really unbeatable price compared to anywhere else. We also had fries with Parmesan seasoning and that's the only plate that at all disappointed me. The serving was very large but the fries were soft and not crispy, even though they were skinny and browned. Lots of yummy shaved cheese though!

Husband enjoys the ham and cheese croquetas ($5) and had a soda also (coke $2.50). I tried a new plate this time and went with the chili, lime garbanzo beans (in the shell!) ($4.50) I didn't even know they came in a shell (but it makes sense) so I asked the server what they're like. He compared them to edamame but these little pods were much more difficult to work the beans out of. I liked them a lot but they were a lot of work for too little reward. 

The new restaurant is wonderful. Much bigger and still a great location. There is parking in the back, but if you miss the driveway on the way in, be sure to not park in the subsequent parking lot, as we were told they are happy to tow you.

$25.41 for amazing tapas for two
Fun atmosphere. Good food. Free parking. (Free valet) They moved a heater towards us because we sat outside. That was very nice of them. Inside the restaurant at 7pm on Friday night was pretty loud. If you want to go somewhere to have a meaningful conversation you might want to go elsewhere depending on the time and day you go there. The food looked and tasted great. I'm definitely going back there again.
So much fun! This was my first time here, and I'm glad my friend made a reservation because this place was packed! I enjoyed the white sangria more than the red, but both were good. I'm told the champagne sangria is great and I will probably get it next time. I came here with my husband and 5 friends, this place is great for a group, because you can try many of there tapas this way. The bacon wrapped dates were my husband's favorite, and the group as a whole. I really loved the apple manchego salad, it was surprising how much I enjoyed it. It was so fresh, crisp, and nutty. I will definitely get it next time. The filet was delicious, I thought the Mac n cheese was just ok. The mushroom pastries were lightly crispy, but the saucy mushrooms on top we're just ok. Calamari good, stuffed peppers yummy. Padron peppers that were flash fried were a table favorite, I thought they were good but I might have enjoyed them more with more lemon. Was impressed with the stuffed mushrooms which was disappointing. The heirloom tomato salad wasn't very good. The butter lettuce, vinagrette, and tomatoes were yummy, but the creamy cheese they slathered on top was just too much. It overwhelmed the dish and ruined it for me. All in all I'm extremely excited to go back. I will definitely be getting Sangria (get the pitcher), filet, apple salad, dates, and stuffed red peppers again. Hopefully I'll leave some room to try some new things and dessert! 
I took away a star because our waitress was kind of snobby, and seemed to be in a "wish I was anywhere but here" kind of mood. I'm assuming because we were in a group, they automatically added gratuity, and I don't think she was very deserving of it. Having been a waitress, I completely understand adding gratuity to parties (I wish they did that when I worked at Applebee's'), but I feel that some waiters take advantage of that and slack on service. I will return though!
Awesome food and better service! Just happened to stop by because it was close to our hotel and so glad we did! My wife and I both had the petite filet and it was better than some of the five star places we went. The scallops were also awesome! Very cool atmosphere it is a little loud though. We didn't mind, just wanted to mention that it isn't the best place for a quiet date. You can find people dressed up for a bachelor/bachelorette party or just in jeans. Cool place with great food and service!
Poor service. Over charged. Management and staff not willing to resolve a clear over charge.
Went 2x while in Vegas. Had almost everything on the extensive menu. They were fast with the food but it didn't taste like it had been pre made or sitting in a warmer. Very reasonably priced!
My favorite dishes were the bacon wrapped dates, ceviche and potatoes. 
Great choice for an off the strip late night dining experience.
If your in need of lunch and your at the convention center and you can't  eat convention food. Walk here, takes 15 minutes as a casual walk. Small plate tapas menu. Sangria is served. Same side of the street as the convention show
I must admit that I was a bit weary to dine here given that they were shut down in the past due to severe food poisoning, but a really good friend wanted to eat here and since it was her celebration and ultimately her decision, I went along with it. Another friend, who was also part of the group that ate with me, came here on her birthday and had nothing but great things to say about this location and she didn't get sick from it then. 

The parking was a bit confusing. Up front they have a valet area and in the back of the restaurant is self park. When entering the lot, there was no indication that the back parking lot is self park. Here is where I got confused--normally the parking in the front is reserved for self park and valet is sectioned off somewhere in the back. So I thought that the back parking was reserved for valet. I decided to valet my car since I couldn't figure out parking and it was just easier for me to drop my car off. When the valet parked my car in front of the restaurant, I thought that was interesting that I valeted my car to have it within walking distance. 

We had reservations already made so we didn't wait at all for our table. Right from the start, our server came by and asked us if we wanted anything to drink and since we were still waiting on one more, we just asked for water for the meantime. We also placed an order of paella since that takes awhile to cook and we thought it wise to get it started. Other dishes ordered were the shrimp ceviche and calamari. We also ordered a pitcher of sangria for the table. 

Reasons for the 3 stars:
-parking could be better indicated for first time guests
-the paella said it could serve 2-4 people. This could be true if more tapas are ordered along with it, but we ordered it as if it was the main dish. When I imagine paella, I think of a big serving of it!
-the shrimp in the ceviche were whole. I'm used to ceviche being cut up in smaller pieces and I've had better ceviche at taquerias
-it wasn't as busy as it could be, but we still had to wait around and ask for our check several minutes after they cleared our table

I would come here again to try other stuff on the menu. Maybe next time with better knowledge of the place I'll have a different experience. For my first time there I would say that it was ok, but it wasn't spectacular.
Love this place!!! Me and my husband went here for an early dinner one week and were so happy with the service the food and even the prices. A friend was telling me how this restaurant was once shut down for health violations but don't panic its under new ownership :) 

Our waitress was a super friendly women who checked in on us often and let us order as we go. Not something I recommend if your really hungry, the food did take a little longer coming out then I had hoped.

And its best to come with friends and share you plate.

But I do recommend that you order the desert platter its to die for!
I really enjoy this restaurant! I have been here twice so far and I really enjoy the vibe here... metro yet relaxed and chic. Valet parking is in the front and self park is in the back, which I think is weird. I wasn't sure if I was allowed to park back there but there was nowhere else to go. It would've been helpful to have a self park sign of some sort. Both times I've come here I had the calamari, which I love and the red sangria which is also excellent. I don't think I will ever come here and not get the sangria! I will probably try something else on the menu next time along with the calamari. My only gripe is that it took the server a while to get us our check. Maybe they were a bit short staffed, not sure. Other than that my time, another good time at Firefly! People get concerned when I tell them I've eaten here because of the past outbreak, but that doesn't bother me.
Sangria, Sangria!

Along with many of the other places, Firefly is bomb.com!  Definitely a place you can come with a party...to party.  With awesome food, service and ambiance, a good time is to be had!

No matter how many people you come with, you can expect them to enjoy their experience.  Don't worry about ordering, everyone can order something different and pass the plates around.  A favorite of mine is patatas bravas, veggie empanada, firefly fries, and mac n cheese.  That mac n cheese I won't share.  Get your own, you won't regret it. Along with the food, the drinks are tasty too.  Can't go wrong with sangria.  Red sangria is really good.  If you plan to have more than 1 drink, order a pitcher.

Service here, I hate to say, could be better.  My friends and I were seated right away, but service after that was slowww. And we were sitting at the bar, where someone is always there.  We ordered through someone other than our waiter, because he was a lil too busy.  But other than that, I enjoyed myself.

Fridays at 10:30pm is Latin night.  Salsa! So much fun.  I love watching the really experienced dancers.  The fluidity of their movements is amazing.  Some of them incorporating flips and special turns in their routines.  And they all switch partners.  Don't be surprised if someone come to you while your dancing.
Great locals spot, I love anywhere you can share your food. I recommend the spicy shrimp, scallops in garlic butter, filet, dates and ahi tuna tartare.  I also love their blood orange mojitos.  Fun place to go with friends and just off the strip, without the price of the strip.
Yummy food and variety! Caters to both vegetarians and nonvegetarians. For nonveggies, I recommend the grilled scallops, bacon wrapped dates, chicken empanadas and the chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms. For veggies, the patatas bravas, mac n cheese, and the parmesan fries were my favorite. Those fries were just amazing - very well seasoned! And the red sangria was better than the white but definitely not the best I've had. The ambience was great - djm with red and black decor, which matched perfectly with our bachelorette party attire theme of red and black :) only downside was that it's off the strip and it was a pain getting a taxi from there. May want to get a taxi number and call them in advance.
I was really excited to try this place out after checking out the menu. The decor is quirky and artsy, and I saw rave reviews about some of the dishes and the sangria. I was with a large group for work, so we literally ordered the whole menu. Here's my takeaway. 

Hot: Tuna tartare, artichoke toasts
Mild: Shrimp tempura, camarones al ajillo
Cold: Ahi tuna skewers (not great flavor)

My favorite parts of the meal were the sangria and the dessert. Not that alcohol and dessert being the favorite part of a meal would be surprising, but that was definitely the high point of the day. The cheesecake and the flan was great from the dessert platter, and the banana nutella sandwiches were delightful.

Based on the prices, small quantities of food, and bland flavor, I probably wouldn't put this high on my Vegas to-do list. There were definitely a few plusses for me, but overall it was a bigger miss.
Three things:
-stuffed dates
-lamb
-chocolate tres leches. (I want to live off this)

The BEST items on the menu guaranteed and at great prices. The smoked salmon on toast was alright. Could've bought some at the store and taste exactly the same. 
Service was ok. Our waiter seemed to forget a few things and we had to keep reminding him about the same item about three times but got it when we were done with everything else.  

Atmosphere had beautifully dimmed lighting inside but so crowded and loud you could barely hear the person sitting next to you (on weekends).
My best friend and I ordered about 7 items and spent about $75. I would definitely come back.
I love this spot!!! My girl loves the Sangria, and you can't go wrong with the Paella. They kill it. Service isn't 100% though, had to ask a few times for some things. Otherwise good spot.
Oh my gosh, SO good! I got the bacon-wrapped dates that everyone was talkin' about and they are orgasmic! I also ordered the shrimp ceviche - yum! The avocados were so fresh. Lastly, the veggie samosa, which was decent, not great. My boyfriend got the filet mignon sliders; I had a bite and they were so tender and juicy! His machego mac and cheese was just alright; that kind of cheese is too mild, in my opinion, for mac and cheese. A very enjoyable out-of-the-ordinary meal for Valentines Day! We had to wait for a table, but that's to be expected given the holiday. Service was pretty good; they were very attentive. I will probably be back!
We have been wanting to try this place the last couple times we've come out to Vegas..   We had three adult diners. Really wanted to like this place but we all came away thinking it was just OK. Very noisy. Could not really even converse with one another. Our waiter, Ivan, the hostess, the manager and the rest of the staff were great, very professional. The food was not bad, nor was the pitcher of sangria. Its just that nothing was great
My go-to-place when friends visit from out of town.  Bacon wrapped dates, ham & cheese croquetas, shrimp diablo and blood orange mojitos are personal favs.
Amazing food! Enough for easily three people to share! We stopped here on a whim and were blown away by atmosphere and food. The portions are tasty and filling. We tried four small plates and the main entree of rice, chicken , mushrooms, veggies. That plate took forty minutes to make but the others started coming out quick and hot. We were starting to get full when the main dish came out! Great place I will be back!
Great place to have tapas food just great I love there bacon dates and sangria  and calamari and like there new location.
My favorite place off the strip. I had the red sangria, bacon wrapped dates, mac n cheese, lamp chops, and empanadas. ALL were very good.
We flew in & were looking for something little to eat. We found this place & were excited to try it after reading the reviews ESP about the stuffed dates! We sat down & I bet it took a server ten mins to greet us. We were not only ready with our drink order, but our food order. I had their house infused vodka martini & my husband a Moscow mule. Mine was watered down, remade (I mean stirred as the server said) & then it tasted like cough medicine. My husbands mule he said was good. We ordered the stuffed dates, stuffed peppers, flashed fried patron peppers, roasted pork Empanada, & scallops escargot. The stuffed dates were fine, but not amazing along with everything else except the stuffed peppers....they were good! So I would not go back, but at the end of things they did take off my martini even without asking. I like that, that's the way you want a restaurant to do business! Of course we never did figure out who our server was...we saw three & never one consistently.
I really like the new location they moved to on Paradise!  The previous one was just TOO SMALL!  There was a time when I was eating here a couple nights a week.  It's great for any size group.  I sometimes stop in and have lunch there on my own.  I just can't stay away!
The food is fantastic however you do have to choose carefully as some of the food is worth the price for what you get and some is not.

Overall though the food is great and the drinks are great.  The service last night was not as great, it was very busy and they were definitely unable to handle the non stop crowd coming into this location.

One table behind us, the lady was yelling SIR at a worker who passed our table and they were totally ignored.  They waited another 5 minutes until our waiter came around to get what they wanted.

I cannot fault the food and drink for the lousy service last night.  Hopefully the management recognizes the amount of traffic they get from the strip and will do a better job at making sure they are properly staffed.  

One last example of the poor service.  We were seated outside and after about 2 to 3 minutes (not bad) someone brought us a plate of bread, however a drink order was not taken and it took the server another 5 minutes to come to our table and take a drink order.  

We also ordered food which came pretty fast however, we placed another order of Ribs and a to go order and the waiter forgot about our order.  It took 15 minutes to get that order.  I don't know if he forgot to place the order or if he kept forgetting to go get it and it kept going to another table.  Either way, the service had a LOT to be Desired last night.
Great tapas! The atmosphere was up scale causal. It is just off the strip so it was easy to get to and had a bit more relaxed atmosphere. Favorite dishes were the scallops escargot and rib eye.
THINGS I LOVED

Artichoke Toasts: (hearts, aioli, basil, pepper) I couldn't get enough of these. Definitely do yourself a favor and order yourself a handful...for yourself alone lol Very generous chunk of an artichoke heart on a little soft toast. Really thought the use of a non-toasted piece of bread was genius. 

Stuffed Dates: (bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese) Like candy for adults that kids would probably enjoy too.

Scallop "Escargots": (scallops baked in garlic-herb butter) Don't be fooled or worried, depending on how you feel about snails, but there are no escargots in this dish. I believe the name comes from the traditional escargot plate it's served in. Either way, it was delicious. That garlic-herb butter, I must have the recipe. Very balanced, not overly buttery and a beautiful blend of herbs. 

THINGS I LIKED

Baby-back Ribs: (mango BBQ sauce) These ribs are better the next day. Either I coincidently picked the one rib that wasn't off-the-bone tender that night or something else but I thought the flavor was subdued. Not the next day, full of flavor. (Maybe I had so much to eat that my tongue got flavor profile overload?)

Paellea Mixed/Seafood: (shrimp, mussels, clams, calamari, chicken or tilapia, chorizo, and vegetables) We ordered both the mixed and seafood. Only difference is the chicken or tilapia. Honestly, I don't think you'll even notice because it's not like they give you large portions of either meat choice but the paella also was not that great when I ate it at the restaurant but the next day it was a recovering hangover's best friend. I will say, it says it feeds 2-4 but that's if you order this and only this. We ordered thirteen different varieties and multiples of each plate so by the time the paella came out, 40 minutes later, we didn't even finish one paella plate and we had a group of 12. 

Camarones a la diabla: (shrimp, sweet and spicy sauce, grilled bread) Flavor was good but very strong. I would pair it with rice if I could.

Serrano Sliders: (mini burgers with Serrano ham, cabrales blue cheese, crispy onions) Another good drinking/hangover meal.

Sangria: Flavor and wine-full lol

THINGS I WOULD PASS

Tuna Tartare: (marinated ahi tuna, avocado, sesame dresing, taro chips) The tuna was fresh, I'll give them that, but you'll definitely need to add a little citrus juice to kick up the taste. To me, served as-is, it was on the mellow side with the star of the show being the taro chips. I didn't know you could fry taro root.

Steamed Mussels: (steamed in white wine heirloom tomato, garlic, herb butter with Parmesan crostini) I would definitely pass on this dish. A bit lackluster and the mussels are so small. For almost 10 bucks, it was disappointing.

Ham and Cheese Croquetas: (Serrano ham, manchego cheese, aioli) Filler food. You should order something else with more flavor than waste space in your stomach for I say. They weren't bad, just tasted like potatoes. 

Chicken and Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms: my least favorite order. No flavor, all I could taste was mushroom. Boring zzz

Firefly Fries (parmesan, herbs, aioli) So SALTY. Could not eat more than two but other people liked them.
After FireFly had their little health code shut down i thought I'd never be back, but they turned it around and have the best Sangria and awesome tapas for cheap which make for a great meal. The stuffed dates and chorizo stuffed mushrooms were most memorable dishes of the 10 or so we tried. Every dish was quickly served and  flavored to perfection. if you've never been its amazing and for return visitors the newly remodeled Firefly makes for an impressive venue for a date or just a casual hangout with good friends. awesome job!
Firefly has set my standards for a great tapas bar really high! I have yet to find a tapas place in LA with food, atmosphere, and pricing as great as this place! If your going to be on the strip this has got to be one of your stops for a girls night or dinner date trust me everyone will be thanking you later!

Atmosphere is fun and flirty here! Love the accents of red and the lighting, service was also really good- our waitress was very accommodating and despite how busy they were her service stayed considerably great throughout the night. 

Sangria!!!! About every table had a bottle so we knew it was good, we got both the red and white fruit sangria- I preferred the red but both were bomb! I really can't wait to try their Mojitos next time :).

The tapas here are 5 stars worthy and the price just can't be beat!!!! Love that each person can order a few things to try something different. It was perfect for a large group because it ensured that everyone would find something they liked & the tapas style makes people more open to sharing lol. 

Recommend: 
- the mussels in their broth are outstanding, everyone was jealous they missed ordering this one, it's definitely a meal within itself bc you won't be able to resist dunking your bread into it.
- calamari was good, great dipping sauce.
-ahi tuna tartar was fresh & light
_clearly there are so many things on the menu id say almost everything looked worth trying once!
Bomb dot com!! Good food good drinks and live Latin music! Super hip, super trendy and good vibes!! Good for groups. Good for dates. Good for a big ass group of dates! Haha! Salsa dancers come and get down!!
Ate at this new location once before I moved, but I used to frequent the spot that closed due to problems and have been to the Sahara location, this one is better. Firefly is awesome for drinks w/ friends, a date, or whatever. This place does tapas right. Many interesting choices and great cocktails. 

There's quite a lot to choose from, so you'll probably be back again. My favorites are the coconut mussels, fish sticks, and tuna stuffed peppers. There are many other notable items, including hot/cold options featuring shrimp, beef, chicken, fish, etc. Their drinks are the best I've had. I'm a beer girl, so when I order sangria or a pomegranate mojito, you know something is up. 

Prices are reasonable. I love the ambiance and the service is always good here. It's better here than at Sahara, for some reason, so come here if you have the option.
i'm a big fan of firefly I love the food, the cocktails, and the atmosphere. The food here is tapas style so small plates. The prices per plate run from $5 to about $10 dollars each with a few larger priced entrees such as the paella. Their also known for their sangria and I personally recommend the sparkling sangria over the other two. 

The atmosphere here would be considered trendy and tends to be on the loud side but as long as you know that going in its no problem. If you go on a friday or saturday night expect service to be a little bit less than stellar because of the sheer number of people in the joint.  Some of their stand out dishes would be the bacon wrapped dates, the ham and cheese croquetas and the manchego mac & cheese.
Wow, what a fun restaurant!  Being from out of town, I was told by many people to take a little adventure off of the strip and go try it out.  What a great decision.

The menu is tapas style, which is basically my favorite thing in the entire world.  I mean, you can get so many different flavors and varieties (each at around $6 or something) all while appreciating the ambiance and fun atmosphere!

Our table ordered the big bowl salad to start, followed by the stuffed dates (AMAZING! GET THESE!!!), spicy beef salad, manchego mac 'n' cheese, ahi tuna skewer, camarones a la diabla, sliders, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, merguez, firefly fries, and we all shared the seafood paella.  Everything....EVERYTHING....was wonderful! 

This sounds like a lot of food, but keep in mind that it is tapas style.. Between 7 girls, it came out to be like 2-4 bites per dish!  They were perfect for sharing!  Also, our server was spectacular and everything was served relatively quickly, given the restaurant was packed!

Oh, try their blackberry and raspberry infused vodka and/or a pitcher of the blood orange mojitos.  Trust me, you will love.

This will be one of the first stops when I go back to Vegas!!
Since moving to Las Vegas 6 months ago, I have gone here more times that I care to admit. I have tried almost everything on the menu and am NEVER let down! This is a great place to go with friends because everybody will find something they like on their massive menu. It's affordable, easy to get in even on a weekend night, and just an all around great atmosphere. Plus you can sit outside at night under strings of lights and heat lamps - it really doesn't get better than that!

Menu Highlights:
Stuffed Dates
Mac n' Cheese
Stuffed Peppers
Serrano Sliders
Padron Peppers
Baked Tequila
Tuna Tar Tar
Like most people I was a little nervous to consume food here again but I also think once an establishment has been caught doing the unsanitary things that they are guilty of that that they are now on their best behavior.  Firefly's new space is larger often making it look like it doesn't ever get crowded.  I also appreciate the fact that unlike the old location you can actually have conversations here without yelling or feeling like you are sitting on top of each other.  I have now been here for a private function in a back room, sat at the bar for apps and drinks and most recently for a birthday celebration.  

I've never had a problem with service.  The dates used to be my favorite but this last visit they just seemed watered down and I don't think I will order them again.  The mango ribs, however, are a must order.
This little hidden gem is found right outside the strip.  The service was amazing, the food was AMAZING!! We will definitely dine here again when we come back for another Vegas trip! Everything was so fresh!  Pictures are posted for some of the amazing dishes we enjoyed that afternoon!
Will keep this short and sweet. Great place to get either small plates or even an entree. Wanted to try to Paella but ordered so many of the small plates didn;t have room. I was with friends and we all ordered and shared stuff. We loved everything we ordered. Some small plates are priced ok and others a little high. I like this location over the old one. Much bigger, more room, nice bar. Will be a regular here.
Ahh! One of my favorite places EVER.

Every time we come here I get Sangria.  They have red, white, and sparkling.  They are all delicious, but I think sparkling is my favorite.  **Half off pitchers of sangria during happy hour!

They bring you complimentary bread with almond butter.  AMAZING!! Seriously. I would order this stuff if it wasn't given.  We always ask for another order.

My top 3 tapas are the firefly fishsticks, the ham & cheese croquetas, and the salmon toast.  I was really excited for the parmesan fries, but they aren't very good.  I have tried them twice and both times they were soggy and bland.  I also really like the babyback ribs (with mango BBQ sauce), the lamb chops, the petit filet mignon, and the fruit & cheese platter.

My boyfriend loves that they have Pacifico here.  He loves the stuffed peppers, bacon wrapped dates, and the tierra y mar skewers.

I like that this place is tapas style that way we can get a wide assortment of food.  I'd suggest getting at least 3 dishes per person as they are pretty small.

We have tried a couple desserts here but weren't very fond of them.  Last time we tried the flan.  We have had the banana nutella sandwiches twice and both times they were made differently.  The first time they were delicious.  They were fritters stuffed with bananas and strawberrys in them and nutella on top.  Last time we went they were literally nutella sandwiches, which we can make at home.  I don't know why they were different.. Maybe because the fritter styled ones were at the Sahara location?  But no more desserts for us, we'll just stick to the tapas.

Service is usually pretty good.  The food comes out as it is prepared.  We will continue being repeat customers.
Best tapas in Las Vegas. Too bad they dont have this restaurant in OC! Scallop escargot, tuna tartare and bacon wrap dates are my fav.  The New Girl drink was sooooo good and refreshing!
Gooooood foood! Great atmosphere good for group get togethers or even a date :) and also excellent service
Great food. We ordered a variety of selections and it was all good including the deserts
Loved every damn minute. Third time here, no disappointments- from the hostess to the valet, all dedicated and on point. We will be back tomorrow and every other visit to Vegas.
Hey in life everyone deserves a second chance. 

I remember before moving to Vegas I read an article about a restaurant that received the worst nightmare it could have as an establishment. Like everyone else who searches a business on Yelp, of course we look for the negative or 1 star reviews. Aren't we all entertained by bad press? 

Fast forward my friend randomly took me out the first week I moved here.to a salsa night. The meals that night were pretty fantastic I must say. Loved the Sangria and all was well until my friend mentioned about the history of the restaurant.. then BAMMMM! In my mind I was thinking "No F*in way this is the restaurant I read about in the paper?!... You bring me HERE!?" 

Good times. 

Any who, I've been here maybe a handful of times since then and I haven't been disappointed thus far. Most of the time I don't order myself so I can't give any recommendations except for the awesome sangria and comped bread with orange butter. 

There is a latin night on Fridays and it's pretty neat. I prefer the old school salsa dancing and they play a few here and there but it's mostly merengue, cumbia, and latin electronic music (it exists folks). 

I'd definitely go back.. sometimes through failure companies can figure out what went wrong and ensure it doesn't happen again. Business is going well.. so either they got it together or we just love Firefly to not care!
Very good service and flavors. A full menu. Perhaps a bit noisy.
Smack dab beside our humble hotel, Marriott version, the Firefly was a taste and cultural treat. Our drinks, house Shandy and a Cherry Mule, delicious different and just right after long flight. Small plates includes spicey steak salad which was a palate explosion and chorizo stuffed mushrooms.  Tres leches were a wonderful ending.  Best way to finish was watching some salsa dancers on the front patio. So cool!
We went here with a large group. Even though the restaurant was very busy we were seated within 20 minutes, no reservation. We were not in a hurry, but were very happy with their ability to accommodate us quickly. 

The atmosphere is swanky and fun. The staff nice and very knowledgable. It was our first time trying a tapas restaurant, the menu is quite extensive giving us many choices. 

We tried the sangria, was excellent. The white was a little too sweet to drink a lot of, but was very good. Most in our party preferred the red. 

We ordered to share as a group, so we made a rule that if someone before you ordered an entree you could not order the same thing. Doing it that way allowed us to try many different things. Fun! 

When the food came we passed it around the table family style. They filled our extensive order accurately and with a great flow, well timed so we were not overwhelmed or ever waiting. 

The prices are affordable, the food is flavorful and varied (everyone can find something that fits their taste), the drinks are yummy and the ambiance is unique and perfect for a group looking to celebrate or an intimate date. 

Don't leave without trying the filet mignon or bacon wrapped dates, they are fantastic.
I'm one of the lucky ones...

I ate here twice back in the day, and never had an issue or any negative repercussions.  In fact, we really enjoyed it.

Now, I'm simply afraid to return...
Any time I go to Vegas, I eat at a Firefly location. I am a sucker for tapas and they do a great job at it. The wait staff really made us feel at home and was very patient with a few members of our party being late. The food is amazing, the drinks well stocked and the atmosphere is sheer fun. 
Looking forward until the next time.
Even if you you didn't score 2100 on your  SATs , there is always hope that you can get a good paying job as a valet at even a mediocre place like this and maybe  earn  
$ 60 K.a year.Ya'know this aint the Wynn or Caesars but of course they have a valet too even for this small lot. Just  sayin'.
As far as the place, this is the new location much improved ambiance, further back from the street, bigger, nicer, cleaner than before. Same menu and maybe a little too friendly waiters. This is primarily a local joint , but visitors have caught on too.
It's a tapas bar with some good selections;
The standouts;
Suffed dates: smoked almonds, blue cheese, dates and awesome sauce.
Stuffed peppers: w/ cheese herbs
Baby back ribs: fall off the bone tender
Tierra Mar skewers ; Surf 'n Turf for us fogies- were recommended but  a bit too many things goin' on for my taste.
Summer Salad with heirloom tomatoes- for Vegas OK - but not primo  by west coast standards.Greenhouse stuff , not the aroma you expect.
The interior is full of options, inside, outside, bar, tables what ever you like. The best thing is that with a group of people everyone will find something they can own and get behind.
Beers , or a pitcher of  white or red sangrias ,you can't beat that for  $ 28-
The place beats the pants off the typical Strip crowd, it's easy, and can be quick or slow as you like. Great early or late- you could do a lot worse.  It's more about the company you 're  with than the restaurant IMO- this place will support whatever is you are trying to make of the evening.Salut.
A lot of choices. Decent food. The stand out dish was def the bacon wrapped dates. Good spot if you want something off the strip.
Tried to go there yesterday afternoon and upon arrival the chick that was opening was super rude, so we bounced. No acknowledgement, no "hey" or "hi" nor "thanks for opening the door (as she was carrying out a sign)." 

We've gone to firefly several times over the years and their customer service has remained iffy. The food is good, but the service is shyte. 

Firefly, we like your food, but your hostess' have remained problematic over the years.
I chose this place for dinner for a bachelorette party, so 8 of us all dolled up came stomping in and had a nice big table. Service was friendly, but not that attentive. We often had to ask for water refills and our server disappeared many times throughout the meal. Needless to say, we all enjoyed ourselves. Food was delicious, and we ordered a ton of different dishes so we could try them all. I do have to say though that about half of our party had stomach issues a few hours later, which I'm chocking up to just eating too many different things. The food was pretty rich too.

Bacon-wrapped stuffed dates: i hate dates, but these were SUPER tasty. Only got about 5 of them per order though

Scallops: I'm also usually not a fan of scallops, but these were cooked perfectly and the polenta underneath complemented the seafood well.

Mussels: Tasty! Good. Not delicious, but not bad.

Chopped chicken salad: Tasty! Good. Not delicious, but not bad :D

Baked tetilla: basically cheese fondue. I looove me some cheese and some fondue, but the cheese had a weird rubbery consistency after a bit

Chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms: LOVE! So good. Mmmm

Petite filet: It was kinda rubbery meat. The steak was a disappointment

Meatballs: These were pretty good, I'd order them again

Paella: A couple of the girls in our party had been to Spain before, and they said the paella here was better. Delish!!

For all the food we ordered (we ordered multiples of the above dishes + a few I forgot to mention), dinner only came out to about $30/girl. Awesome!!

They're off the strip so you avoid the wait, the long lines, and the overpriced food. But they're also really easy to find.
The sauces are the stand-out. This place has beautiful , flavorful, different sauces for the dishes. Nothing is hashed out here; every dish was fresh and plump, except when it was shatteringly crisp. We ate here twice; sangrias are fruity, mojitos are refreshing.
We had a party of 15 and service was great, very attentive waiters water and drinks are always filled. Food was delicious definitely coming back for more!
Shrimp Ceviche - delicious. 
Fried Calamari - lightly fried and the spicy tartar sauce was yummy.
Firefly Fries - came with parmesan cheese on them and an aioli sauce on the side, heaven.
Garlic Bread w/ sweet creamed butter - bread was soft and the butter was mixed with some sort of spices... sad when we finished the plate.
White Sangria - sweet and tart, not disappointed.

FINALLY
Dessert Platter!

Caramel Flan - I HATE flan, this one changed my mind. Did not have a rubbery consistency which is what usually turns me off.
Lemon Berry Tarts - sweet and tart, perfect. Lemon Berry glaze on the tart was delicious.
Mini Cheesecakes - creamy and came topped with a strawberry. Yum.
Chocolate Tres Leches Cake - amazing.

Food was so delicious and the service was fast. Irina was our waitress tonite and her busboy was ON HIS GAME. our glasses for water were rarely empty more than 2 minutes.

I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS. Another bonus perk is that it's a quick walk from the Fairfield Marriott
Best mojitos and sangria in Las Vegas. Friendly and helpful staff. Food tastes great. Good happy hour specials on drinks (half off pitcher of Mojito is my favorite).
All time favorite restaurant in the world! They moved but just a few doors down. Great new spot. Happy hour is to die for! Still have the amazing filet mignon mini burgers but are called Serrano ham sliders. Rico our bar server was very nice funny and helpful with a few tough choices. Haven been here in 5 years because we live in Seattle but cannot wait to come back! Cheers!
I heard about Firefly from the Food Network and boy was eating here worth it! We had several tapas and they were all delicious! Especially the stuffed dates....YUM! My 7 year old grandson couldn't get enough of the dates, and also really enjoyed the BBQ Baby Back Ribs with Mango BBQ sauce! We will definitely eat here when in Vegas again and it should be on everyone's must try list!
I lived for another day...so their previous demerits should not merit on this review. I like their new location and the new feel. It's very dark, romantic (if you want it to be), and hip. They are filled with nicely designed booths for more privacy, and they have a private room which you can reserve for a big party.

I headed to the bar and of course you have to order one of their signature mojitos or sangria (by the glass or pitcher...if i were you I'd order a pitcher) as I wait for the rest of my party. Even if I was already late I was still early than the rest of my group. Anyway, I ordered a glass of the BLOOD ORANGE MOJITO. Then, as our party slowly but surely showed up, we ordered rounds of pitchered mojitos. This included the watermelon and cucumber mojito. 

Here are my mojito highlights:
Glass: $7.50 Pitcher: $30.00

BLOOD ORANGE: Lovely! It has that nice tart taste from the blood orange, and can barely taste the alcoholic kick. So if you want something with a strong cocktaily flavor with less of an alcoholic taste I would recommend.

CUCUMBER: This is pretty good too. Here, you taste more of the alcoholic flavor. It is a lighter mojito flavor wise. So if you're looking for something fun in flavor...probably steer away from here.

WATERMELON: While a pitcher or two of these bad boys may lead you to your own rendition to DRUNK IN LOVE (you can't help it since Queen B does say watermelon), this has a really light refreshing taste with a good mixture of that alcoholic POW. Definitely, one of my faves. In which we did drink the most of. 

Food wise, we ordered a bunch of random plates in which a party of 7 shared. 4 pitchers and a handful of tapas plates later, our tab reached a good $300. So expect to pay a good $60 to $80 PER PERSON especially if it's at a dinner party. 

Other favorite foods I like ordering here:

DATES
CHORIZO SKEWERS
SCALLOP ESCARGOT
STEAK AND MUSHROOM SKEWERS
SHRIMP CEVICHE
MUSHROOM/CHEESE TART (this is really filling with a strong cream taste...which is usually a hit or miss with people so be careful)

Just name drop these choices and you'll sound like a regular here. Other than that, read everyone else's review on the plates.
I was visiting Las Vegas from LA, and was trying to find a good restaurant that wasn't a severely overpriced hotel "experience" where I would end up paying $50 for a mediocre appetizer.  

I found this place from the Yelp reviews and after glancing at their menu thought it looked perfect.  We went on a busy night but we were seated quickly and given plenty of attention from our waiter.  

The food was incredible.  Creative combinations and it was fairly enough priced that we could order 6 or 7 different things without feeling the sweat of the final bill.  I didn't have a single dish I didn't think was worthy of coming back for, and as we were on our way out the manager greeted us and asked about our experience.  After telling him exactly how much we enjoyed the food, he invited us to come back tomorrow and try some flights of their new dishes on the house.  Our schedule was already pretty booked, so we thanked him and declined, but the gesture was really nice.

This will be a permanent stop for future Vegas trips, and if they opened one in Los Angeles I would be there in seconds.  Skip the money-trap places surrounding the big hotels, this is way better.
I had higher expectations of this place and was a little disappointed with the dishes we ordered.  The Garbanzo Beans with spices and the shells still on them confused me, I wasn't sure how to eat this....chew and spit out the shell?  We did order a spicy shrimp dish that was the most simple of all the dishes and yet the best it had nice flavor combinations.  The Red Bell pepper dish that was stuffed with Manchego cheese was tasty but I think just going the chille Relleno route would have made this dish better it was too tart with the bell pepper.  Than there was the Clams in a tasty broth with chunks of sausage in it, that was really good just a tab bit too much sausage flavor as it took away from the clams having any flavor at all.   We also ordered a Safron type of rice that was wayyyyyy to overpowering that flavor was stuck in my mouth all night.  I'm thinking we ordered wrong and there was possibly way better dishes on the menu than what we choose.   I would give this place a 2nd chance but probably at a different location.
I used to love Firefly, but unfortunately it is nothing like what it used to be.   The big disappointment over the years has been the change of the atmosphere.

The first Firefly we went to many years back was in downtown Vegas.  Although the seating was nothing special, the great view of the old casinos and the light show made for a very cool atmosphere.

The second Firefly we went to was at their PREVIOUS/smaller Paradise location.   That one had some cool seating with couches and what not, giving that a very cool atmosphere as well.

Suffice to say that when we were seated at their CURRENT Paradise location, it was a bit of a letdown.   The atmosphere is completely missing in this larger location of theirs on Paradise.   They tried to give it some atmosphere with the candles and red hue, but the space is just too big and open for sit down tables for that to work well.   

The red pitchers of Sangria are still delicious and well worth the $28.     

The tapas don't seem to stand out to me as they used to; they were all good, but nothing really stuck out as being delicious.

The old Fireflys used to be something we would visit every time we would go to Vegas.   With this latest experience, things have changed.
I love Tapas. Many gluten free options, and a fantastic wine list! They even had The Prisoner by the bottle. Nice restaurant with an outdoor covered patio too.
Tapas 

Great bread that keeps flowing.
Diablo Shrimp awesome. Sauce
Chorizo plate. Good selection
Steak salad. Had to get something green
I didn't hear about this place's "storied" history until I had already been here and decided I loved it (for more info, read the 1 star reviews or google it). Lucky me - I may not have ever come otherwise. This review is only for my experiences, which have been top notch. 

That being said - this is now just about my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Very reasonable prices, a great selection (i haven't had anything on the menu that i didn't like - and Ive had a lot), and fantastic service. 

Highlights:

-Tortilla espanola
-Shrimp ceviche
-Tierra y mar skewers

Come here with a group that's hopefully not too picky, and try as much on the menu as you can until you can't eat anymore. The waiters are very happy to help you through this process and make suggestions for you too. 

Cool atmosphere and an extensive beer and wine selection on top of all that. Tapas + Rioja + sobremesas = happy Kurt G. 

Also - the bathroom smells like Sweetarts. Not sure how i feel about that yet, but thought it deserved mentioning.
I love this place!
Lets start with the bread with that amazing butter that I just can't have enough of.
Then I ordered the 
stuffed dates: I could eat 100 of those.
Camarones a la diabla, that sauce goes good with anything I used the sauce to dip my fries.
Stuffed peppers: ok..
Sliders: soooo good!!
Croquetas: like
And for dessert a tres leches cake, I know traditional tres leches cake and I've never seen a chocolate tres leches but it was good.
Definitely coming back.
Best Sangria I have ever had.  Nice change from ordinary Las Vegas chain restaurants.
So this is their new location, the other one on Paradise got closed down because their food had salmonella. 

The new location looks fabolous!! its really nice and intimate inside and the bar is really pretty. We went here for a birthday party and they served the red sangria, omg to die for. Really good and lots of fruits. They also served artichoke hearts on sourdough bread really good. Bacon wrapped dates omg this is the best thing i ever tried. So yuumy. they also order the beef kabobs, the meat was really tender and not chewy. For dessert we had the tres leches chocoalate cake. OMG OMG!! seriously..First time i ever had a tres leches cake and omg i freaking love it. You have to try it. 

The waiters were really good on making sure my water was full and to take the dirty dishes away. Really good service and i would deff recommend this place. 

Lets just hope they don't close down again. 

FYI the Firefly in Anthem is closing because they got a C grade. YIKES!
Always good food and service.
Usually when I make a trip out to Vegas, I am much too intoxicated to eat anything at a sit-down restaurant but it was my friend's birthday and his gf suggested this place and I'm glad we went! The menu is tapas style with various small plates to share family style. They also have entrees if you're the kind of person who just doesn't like to share :)

The paella takes about 40 minutes to prepare so you should order that right when you sit down as you look over the rest of the menu. We opted for the mixed paella for the table. Everyone ordered various things and honestly, EVERYTHING was delicious. I have no complaints. I had the petite filet as my main entree and it was DELICIOUS, only $15! 

From what I remember from tasting everyone's tapas, the shrimp, stuffed mushrooms, ahi tuna, chicken and rib eye entrees were ALL great! I hope I can come back soon. The menu is so extensive, there's prob around 50 tapas to try!
Loved the pulpo asado, bacon wrapped dates and tuna tartar. We are going back for lunch tomorrow to try more. There were mostly locals there, so we think we found a gem near the strip. After dropping $40 for two in the food court at Caesar's on nasty-tasting crap, this was a very pleasant surprise!
There's a lot to like about Firefly, a bustling, noisy restaurant with lots of varied food options, served tapas-style and meant for sharing. If your idea of a good time is to bring a crowd and sample many different dishes over the course of several hours, then Firefly may be the place for you. Our party of twelve thoroughly enjoyed the experience and tasted just about everything on the menu, along with several pitchers of their excellent sangria.

An added bonus for vegetarians or those with gluten allergies, Firefly has a separate menu with their vegetarian options on one side and their GF options on the other. This came in handy when ordering for our group, and made it easy to have safe meals for everyone, no matter their dietary restrictions.

If you like sangria, be sure to try some. Both the white and the red are excellent, but I preferred the red. Nice and dry, not too sweet, and a fine accompaniment to the Spanish-style tapas. Also good - their mojitos! Available by the pitcher.

My favorite items were the bacon-wrapped stuffed dates, the Padron peppers (deceptively simple, but tasty), and the watermelon sorbet at the meal's close. The sorbet flavor changes daily.

Others at our table raved about the Tierra del Mar skewers and the lamb chops. The bread and almond butter disappeared quickly.

Basically, there's enough variation on the menu to find something for everyone. But that's a little bit of the problem too. The menu feels scattered and not as cohesive as it could be.

Service is professional and fairly efficient, but at times was hit or miss. This is expected with large groups and a busy restaurant, and we never had to wait too long for beverage refills. Plus, the staff wants you to have a good time. As an example, our first order of lamb came out overdone, but Firefly was able to get another going and on the second try the lamb chops were hailed as the standout meat dish of the evening.

One final note. Don't call this a Spanish restaurant if you have an actual person from Spain in your group. It was my colleague's first time in the USA, and he was appalled that Americans think Spaniards eat this way. Live and learn! (Although he did enjoy the food and the drinks. He just took issue with anyone saying it was Spanish.)
This is our go to place every time we visit Vegas. The new location is awesome! Waaaay better than the old location. Seems like there's more room. Tables are spread out and spacious, not how it was cramped and cluttered before. Food is always good! I recommend checking this place out. Best tapas spot!
The menu is expansive and delicious! Lotsa choice and everything I have tasted was spectacular-- wine is very fair priced and the servers are quite knowledgable when it comes to wines!  In definitely going to return here!
After great hesitation following the mishaps of this restaurant involving the health district, my hubby and I decided to return.  The variety of foods are still amazing.  My favorites are still the warm spinach salad, artichoke toast and empenandas.  

I am a BIG Mojito fan and decided to stray away from the original Mojito and try the blood orange Mojito, sure glad that I did... Super yummy and refreshing.  Staff were kind and attentive.  We will definitely be back, with the expectation that there will be no further issues involving the health district.

The reason for four stars is that due to one of the restrooms being out of order, both males and females had to share one restroom.  Before entering, I had to check with the hostess to ensure that the restroom wasn't being occupied by the opposite sex..
Really good food. Came with a groupon( 30 for 50) We ordered the Garden Variety Salad, Spanish tortilla, fries, meatballs, ribs, chicken skewer, pork empanada and garlic shrimp.  They forgot to bring us the ribs, but we were so full by the time everything else came that we just didn't say anything.  The salad was very good, very refreshing.  I'd totally get a salad here because you need the acidity of the dressings to break up the other proteins you order.  The sauce on the tortilla was WAY too spicy for me.  I had to send it back and have them remake it.  The shrimp were too spicy as well, but I just picked off the red flecks of pepper and that was ok. 

The service was good, if not a little rushed.  There was no rhyme or reason to the way the dishes came out.  We didn't drink so can't comment on that, but the food was great.  The complimentary bread was delicious too.
This is my "go to spot" off the strip each time I visit Vegas. It's rare to find a gem on the strip so why not look outside the strip. This place is marvelous. Their old location was about 500 ft away and that's where it was love at first bites. Tapas style makes it easy to have a variety of flavors and share amongst family and/or friends. There are many choices to choose from that consist of seafood, beef, veggies, and much more. Some of my favorites are the ceviche, stuffed mushrooms, tuna tartare, tomato basil soup, tierra y mar skewers, baby back ribs with mango sauce, the pork chops are a must, and the empanadas with roasted pork are yummy. Whatever fulfills your pleasure, I'm sure you'll find it here with the endless choices. The table set up is the perfect setting that gives you plenty of room to work on multiple plates at once. The atmosphere has a romantic setting for date night during the week. But the beat picks up Thursday through Sunday and the place gets a little loud, but that's what makes this place a great experience. The staff is great, the vibe is trendy, and music sets the tone for a wonderful evening. If you want to avoid the larger crowds, I suggest to visit during day and the food will be just as delicious as it is at night. Also, if you're staying anywhere on the strip, you're a short $8 taxi away from most hotels on the strip. Oh yeah, the drinks are amazing too and you must try the red sangria. I better stop here and leave a few things for you to discover yourself here at Firefly.
yummy tapas!
This place was delicious. They just didn't have any of the beers I wanted. They said they ran out of my selections. That's why I only gave 4 stars.
This place is beyond jaw dropping because of it's amazing food.
Every time I come to Vegas this is a place which is a must!
Bacon wrapped dates - were just ok I've had better and the peanut inside threw me for a loop thought I was chewing on a bone 

Mussels- were very good! Tangy and perfectly sauced 

Tierra y mar skewers - amazing steak cooked to perfection flavors meld together with the green salsa 

Grilled scallops - not too great had a very fishy taste to them which seeped into the potatoes when your food all taste the same as the main part of the meal it's no bueno.
I love this place, every time I come to Vegas this is a must locals joint to visit. It's tapas style food, and almost everything on the menu is excellent. The sangria here is also excellent and a must-have.
I still like the original Firefly best. But alas, they moved on to another Paradise location, pretty much next door to where the original was. Sure, it's bigger and newer. But it's just not the same. The prices have dramatically increase over the years. Most tapas have gone up $2-$3.50 each. So it's no longer as cheap as it once was. But nonetheless, it's still a decent cost-quality trade off. So, in other words, the food is tasty and the prices ain't bad (even if they are steeper than they used to be).

And while I miss the old place, I do have to admit this newer version is quite nice. It's just intimate enough, just dark enough, just decorated enough, etc. And the bar area is huge and really nice space. Fair warning: Happy hour can make the bar area quite crowded. I also really like the patio area too.

The service we experienced here was fabulous. Very attentive and friendly.

The menu has just so many good items. The flavored mojitos and sangrias are all amazing. And I've never had a bad or even so-so tapa here. The stuffed peppers and mac 'n' cheese will forever be personal favorites. And then there's the steak and mushrooms skewers, the petite filet, the shrimp, the mussels, the gazpacho, the dates, the meatballs... It's all good eats.

So yeah, it's still a top Vegas restaurant for me.
Good stuff! Delicious tapas at this place, with great atmosphere, convenient off-the-strip location, etc. This place should definitely be on your list if you're heading to Vegas. The short ribs, Mac and cheese, and empanadas were all great.
No complaints here. Groupon has a $79 deal for 2 pitchers of Sangria and 8 tapas. Ceviche apple salad and calamari were muy bueno.
This was my first time back to Firefly since the relocation. I know it was a hot spot at the other building, but I really hated going there because it was so cramped. And parking was a pain in the butt.

I'm very impressed with the new building, it's spacious and very nicely decorated. 

  I heard some things about the previous location being closed because it was unclean, but I felt really confident eating here, everything was 'sparkling clean'. The waitstaff was pleasant, and very quick on service. And for me (as it always was) the food was just amazing.
  We got a pitcher of the blood orange mojito as suggested from friends, but It was to strong for my taste and over priced. We will stick to the good stuff in the future (Big firefly sangria fans here) 
  Our favorite  things to order from here are the Bacon wrapped dates (YUM), The mac n' cheese, the sliders, and the stuffed mushrooms. My bf is obsessed with the stuffed peppers also. Im not a cream cheese fan, but I take his word they're good. Also tried for the first time last night Tres Leche
  The reason for the loss of a star is although its delicious I feel its a tad over-priced. Still, doesn't keep me from coming back though ;) (just not as often)
When the most recent health inspection debacle revealed the same offenses (food handling, contamination, hand washing) as inspections in the past, it sent a message. It was a blatant disregard for the public's health and safety. It stung more because I was very adamant about forgiveness and continued to patronize their restaurants after the salmonella incident. I've never had a food poisoning issue, but now it felt like a gamble to dine with them. I've made a choice to not support a business that has repeated offenses of this nature (regardless of what they claim is not their fault) based on principle.

My recent visit was prompted by the celebration of a good friend's graduation. We joined her and her family on their vacation to Las Vegas (I had forewarned them about the events). In any case, our dining experience was mostly pleasant and I was admitedly excited to eat some of my favorite dishes again. 

The hostess was kind enough to accomodate our large group in one of their semi-private dining booths/tables with drapes (although these proved difficult for the servers and bussers since they had to constantly move them to reach the table). Everyone was really friendly, but service was just okay. Several times we were searching for our server or anyone to come to our aid or just replenish water.

The food was still as delicious as I remember. My favorites being the Stuffed Dates, Firefly Fries, Paella (mixed), and Pork Empanada. The only disappointment was the Tuna Tartare, which was also an old favorite. But overall, I enjoyed my meal. Also, I really liked the Chocolate Tres Leches Cake.

So, the food is still good and service is okay. Doesn't change how I feel about the business and their owners. Dine at your own risk.
Firefly made my wedding meet and greet amazing!! Carlos, Lalo, Jesus, and Gabriel made sure we had everything we needed!! The food was awesome and the drinks were even better!! Make sure you check out the bigger and better Firefly on Paradise!!!!
Just love this restaurant...great staff, great food and they serve Stella Artois.
:D :D :D 1) the Tres Leches cake 2) and infused vodka - enough said!
Excellent Tapas, service was awesome and the atmosphere was great.  We had only eight of the many available Tapas and everyone of them were flavorful and cooked perfectly.  

I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys great Tapas and at a very affordable price.  We'll be back!
Even though firefly used to be a traditional local spot,,,it has become I've of the most talked about tapas restaurant in vegas. I have gone there so much i don't even need a menu and now.. Either do u! 

Bacon wrapped dates 
Mac n cheese
Beat salad
Mushroom tart
Stuffed peppers 
Steak and mushroom skewers 
Duck spring rolls 

My favorite... The sangria! Your welcome and enjoy!!! Xo
We had a wedding reception in their private banquet room with 46 people. We planned the whole thing via email, and they were great! They responded right away and were so easy to work with. The food was awesome too, everyone loved it. 
There's a lot of options for banquets, we got unlimited 6 tapas of our choice, open bar for 2 hours, and dessert. The price could not be beat!! I want to go back before I leave!
We were here for a convention.  This place had good reviews and look like a reasonably priced place to go so we came here.  So happy we did! All the small plates of food that we ordered were amazing! The cod was delectable. The bread that they served with a garlic butter is a little bit sweet and a little bit garlicky. Delicious!
Our waiter Roger was such a sweetheart. We are always a little bit unruly and he Handled us so beautifully.
Great food great service great wine list, definitely recommend this place.
We found this restaurant on Yelp. It looked like it would be reasonably priced and had four star review.  We were not disappointed in fact we give it five stars! The service was so friendly and attentive. They were very busy but you need to expect to sit and relax at a place like this and enjoy the ambience and the social time...  The small plate of food items were fabulous. Their bacon wrapped dates were very good.
I think our waiter's name was Roger. He was a sweetheart. The manager came over and he was very charming as well. Thank you firefly for a great evening!!!!
We never miss a chance to have dinner.  This trip we took granddaughters age 9 and 14 and they loved it too.  The menu has the best Tapas selections we have experienced.  Great Mojitos.  The staff members are friendly and knowledgable.  The manager Carlos makes the whole experience a must stop in Vegas and everyone we've sent from Arizona considers it a must stop for Vegas visits.
Went here during a girlfriend's bachelorette dinner. It came recommended to us from some other friends as a perfect spot for a larger party such as ours, 15 loud girls. The location is definitely NOT strip, the clientele will also let you know you are not on the strip. Once we got over this though and sat down at our table we soon forgot where we were and focused on the expansive small plates menu they had. To be honest, it was a bit overwhelming but our server was happy to walk us through popular items and recommended some great items.

The list has something for everyone and prices that will save lots of cash for drinks, club entrances and whatever else you might spend your money on in vegas. 

The dcor was lacking a bit in my opinion, and at the time we were there the bathroom was under construction so we had to share time with the guys bathroom (ladies in, guys out, ladies in, etc. . .) it was interesting for sure.

Overall, knowing how good the food is I would go back. It worked out for our large group as well, but if you are looking for a true vegas feel then this isn't going to be your spot.
This place lives up to all the hype. Came here with help from yelpers. On a Tuesday night around 7:30 the place had a decent crowd. Restaurant was full. We could've opted for a table pretty quickly but decided that the bar was where we wanted to be. 

Bartenders were pumping out some massive carafes of mojitos and sangrias. We both decided on sangrias (amazzzing)... Not overly sweet. Everything on the menu looks great. Unfortunately we tapped out after 6 dishes. Top pick by far was the bacon wrapped dates but you can't go wrong with anything here. 

Ambience is perfect. Great for small or large groups. But if you're coming with a big party be prepared to wait. Service could've been a little more personal but it wasn't bad. That would've made it 5 star otherwise. Thanks yelp for the help,
The food is amazing! Best tapa definitely the camerones de la diabla (name may not be correct)! The service is awesome. Great experience overall!
This location is working hard for your business! The servings are generous for tapas! The mojitos and sangria are excellent!
I highly recommend all of their dishes as I've tried almost all of them!

Don't forget to use your bread to soak up the tasty sauces from the plates!
This is one of the best tapas places I've been to. We walked about 30 minutes to get to this place, but it was worth every step. It is not directly on the strip and appears to be more of a local spot. 

Service was perfect. The food was perfect. Portions and timing was perfect. The sangria (we had the red) was a complete pitcher and not filled with ice....that was good. ;) 

I didn't feel so guilty with my over consumption of food and wine after we walked back to the strip after dinner.  

This is a fabulous find if you are not afraid to venture off the beaten path. We will definitely return on our next trip.
Truly outstanding! I liked it so much I went back two days later. Just down the street from the convention center, so skip the blah convention food and go here. The portions are generous, and the food is wonderful. Not to be missed are the stuffed dates, spicy shrimp, apple salad, and filet mignon. The bread comes with spicy butter that is amazing. The sangria is tasty too. The service is great as is the ambiance. It's a little noisy but it feels festive there. I can't wait to go back!
We are visiting from out of town and this place was great.   Food was superb.  We ordered six different items and they were all excellent.  There was a 30 minute wait so we ended up sitting at the bar.  Servers were on itn. Very helpful and the food came out quickly.   Would definitely come back!
As I write this I believe this is the last Firefly left in the area. It's a shame because the ladies absolutely love this place and it's always a winner for date night or nights out with friends. Tapas is a lot of fun, and this location is in a newer building with tons of seating and not far from the strip. The Firefly name has unfortunately been marred by multiple restaurant closings from the health department, so they've gone from three or four locations down to only one. It's a little pricey, but you plan to spend a little and you won't have any surprises, and there are plenty of great menu options to choose from.
Long wait, and service is good, depending on the waiter's mood. They have really good appetizers, and the mixed paella was worth the 40 min wait.
From SF- 2nd time here and this time for my birthday-hubby's present for me!!!! Love love love this place. pitcher of Sangria....of course!!! but try infused vodka martini! Soooo awesome. Food-gotta try stuffed dates- of the hook! We had 4 other dishes- -also of the hook! Thanks to our friend Andrew for recommending this place! Also our server, Lalo, thank u for taking care of us and for my birthday flan!!! U r awesome!!!!
I loved the food! Portions are bigger then what you expect from tapas and the flavor was truly Southern Spanish. They are open late, until 2am with excellent happy hour prices for a few good tapas 11pm to close. An awesome place to recover after the strip ;)
I have nothing positive to say about my experience at Firefly on Paradise.  The service was the most awful thing ever.  I was in management for a Forbes rated the hotel for a long time, and I would be seriously embarrassed if my team ever acted like this team.

We were sat at a table outside, and then we were left for 20 minutes before anyone checked in on us. During this time, all the tables around us were being serviced. I watched the waiter check in with several tables. 25 minutes into this experience the busser brought waters, and the waiter came over. He didn't say Hello, he said what do you want to drink. I was expecting some type of reason why he was ignorning us. The paito wasn't that full.  He took the order and left.  During this time the manager was walking around the patio area.

I also watched the manager of Firefly mingle with what appeared to his friends and several other tables except ours. During this time, the manager made eye contact with me four times (I was giving the look of hey how's it going can you please assist me), but he failed to do anything.  He started to walk our direction, and I was about to speak up to him, but he turned his focus to a table full of young women. The service should be the focus, I can understand if you are speaking with your guests, but this was not the case.  He continued to check in on what appeared to be his friends and tables full of young women. Each time he did this he was chatting it up for several minutes.

We were still waiting for our drinks at this point about 35 minutes into our experience. At this point, we had to walk up to the bar to get our drinks because no one returned with them.  The manager also was at the bar during this interaction and failed to say anything. We mentioned our experience to the bartender and the manager could have said something, but he didn't. 

Overall, the waiter seemed mad he had to work, and the only person who was doing anything positive was the busser.  We asked our busser at one point to get send over the waiter so we could order another round.  The busser walked over to the waiter, and the waiter disappeared for several minutes before coming to our table. 

During this time, the waiter made eye contact with our table, and then walked away. I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt, but I then watched him walk inside and stand by a curtain. He wasn't doing anything for a good five minutes, and then he finally came back out, went to another table and walked away.  I had to wave him over, which I hate doing, because it is rude, however, there was no other way to get his attention.  

Eventually, our food came out, and the waiter continued to be short with us.  The food was good, but the service at this place was awful. I think the thing that rubbed me the worst about this place was that the manager failed to step in and show any interest in our situation. He seemed consumed with talking to women rather than doing his job.  This was my perception last night.

I hope everyone else doesn't experience this while you are at this establishment. Maybe it was an off night, either way, the service was horrible.  The only reason we didn't leave was because our friend loves Firefly and it was her birthday.  

I also witnessed several staff members on their phones, I can't believe this place...get your standards in with the rest of this city!
Cool ambiance, and always cute ladies here.
Tapas are pretty damn good.
I haven't tried one thing that I didn't like yet however haven't came and been really hungry.
Ribs bomb, Mushroom puff pastry thing delicious and I don't even like mushrooms.
Steak with potatoes and mushrooms good
Drinks are solid.
As a first time trier at a Spanish Tapas Restaurant, I thought this restaurant was better than I thought! The portions were reasonable, but a bit pricey to me. However, the quality of the food was good! I wasn't much of a fan of the mac and cheese we ordered, but the bacon wrapped dates were so good and I don't usually like dates!

If you order the paella, it takes 40 min, but if you order a bunch of tapas, it won't seem long because the tapas come quick and in the meantime while you eat them, your paella will be ready!

As for service, they really do a good job filling your glass of water and taking away your plates!
Good for a tasty bite or a quick dinner date before dancing or a show.  The choices are nominal and they do seem to try to make everything up scale at an affordable price.  There have been a tish or two about the service and food safety standards at the previous location.  This is a much nicer roomier spot.  Honestly I haven't had any issues with the food ever.  I like it as a less formal dining option, decent food.  Service at this location is much better than the westside location.  Probably why that location is closing..  Sangria or flavored Mojito in a carafe pitcher is the way to go.  

I recommend: 

firefly fries
duck roll 
petite filet 
stuffed dates
tuna tartare
tierra y mar
camarones al ajillo
lamb chops
scallops "escargot"

Not too fancy, not shabby at all.
What a great fun place to come with anyone. The food is excellent I definitely have tried almost all the things on the menu. The vegetarian selection is pretty good and don't forget about those drinks the white sangria is definitely my favorite. Fun place love the atmosphere great location.
A friend of mine and I found a groupon for this place and decided to come here for lunch. Upon arriving she had told me about their salmonella incident. This of course scared me and I told her I did not want to have lunch here anymore, but she assured me that the new location was fine and that they had really good food. So I gambled with my health and we decided to come anyway. Sure enough the food was delish!

Stepping into firefly I noticed the environment was nice and clean. The walls were painted with warm, dark tones. The overall atmosphere was pleasing. You even had the option to sit outside, but with the sun beaming out we decided to enjoy our meal inside where it was cool. 

We stuck with the groupon and ordered multiple tapas and not one of them was a disappointment. My favorite tapas would have to be the mushroom and steak skewers and the smoked salmon toast. The steak skewers were tender, juicy, and flavorful. And the smoked salmon toast..yuuum! Their dishes were served with abundant flavors. And before I forget to mention, their firefly fries are really good; the dipping sauce served with it really compliments the fries. 

The servers were also nice. I never had to ask for a refill because my cup would already be filled. I would definitely come back to try their other tapas or entres.
i like this new location a lot, it's more local to the strip, spacious, and trendy/intimate than the Westside location that they moved from. they have an outside patio seating area, or you can sit at the huge bar in the middle, or at one of the half-moon booths or tables.

there's a strongly Spanish and seductive vibe which i'm definitely diggin' - the intimate lighting, red tones, spanish dancers and bullfighter paintings adorning the walls, the uniquely patterned wallpaper, i love it all. 

definitely a place you want to bring someone special or a Ladyfriend you're trying to impress. good times will be had over their tapas, calamari, sliders, octopus (my favorite), bacon-wrapped dates, etc. the cocktails are on point as well.

-salud!
Awesome sliders, heirloom tomatoes with burata cheese, padron peppers, cod and Spanish red wine!  Server is beyond super friendly and service awesomely fast!  Ask for Alejandro he is the best!
love this place. ate there 4 times on recent trip to Vegas. the tuna tartare with the sesame topping is my favorite  but all the food is good and a good value. went to jaleo as well on the trip which is also tapas at the cosmo and spent 4 times as much and thought the food at firefly was better. 

my wife really liked the tomato soup and grilled cheese with bruyere cheese
the free bread is amazing with the almond butter. 


criticisms: 
some days the tuna was fresher then others and some days it was cut a little sloppily. ask people if they want more chips to start because its never enough.

the stuffed mushroom didnt seem to have alot of flavor for having chorizo in it. needed more salt both times imo. 

the stuffed almond dates which have always been one of my favorites seemed greasier then past years when ive come

all the meats and kabobs were awesome. cooked well. good portions. staff was friendly
Great ambiance and value for your $. Best strawberry mojitos (made with fresh fruit) and the portions are excellent. A must try if you've never been
It would be 6 stars if it was available.  Ivan served us today, and was excellent, courteous and fast.  The food is always perfect and Firefily* has the best Sangria on the planet.
The ambience was appealing. Whether you'd dine as a couple, in a group or solo, it has appeal for all. The prices were fair across the menu.
The service was ideal. Our waiter took the time to answer our questions about the unfamiliar dishes on the menu and he gave adequate suggestions based on our tastes and food familiarity.
We ordered all Tapas for meal. 6 different types, a couple that were house specialties. The white anchovies and stuffed dates. They were superb. A pitcher of White Sangria was tasty and accompanied all of our Tapas selections which included lamb, beef, veggies, seafood and chicken. Everything prepared had excellent eye appeal and flavor and each portion was comparable to the price. We shared each Tapa dish evenly. The warm bread kept coming. Because it was our wedding anniversary a wonderful flan was comped by our superb waiter.
We came home to L.A bragging to our friends and family about our new food spot in Las Vegas. We will surely return there.
I would just like to say that I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT! I discovered it a few years ago and every single time I come to Vegas I make it a priority to come and eat here. I live in Southern California, don't get me wrong, I frequent a few tapas places, but firefly really has it going on! I am obsessed with the bacon wrapped dates, the fantastic chorizo clams, stuffed peppers, MAC n cheese, petite filet is bomb!!!! Even the butter for the bread is amazing!!! I just got back from my bachelorette party out there and I am telling you that even my burbs were delicious after dinner. Haha!!! I can't wait til my next visit to Vegas so I can indulge in all the deliciousness firefly has to offer! To add one more thing... The berry infused vodka drinks they have are tasty and get you smashed! Until next time xoxo
I went with a friend to this location and the good was delicious. The firefly fries are seriously the best fries I've had I fell in love. Nahum took care of is for the night and he was on point with his service. He suggested just the right things to try and he was every attentive. Thanks for the great experience.
Firefly never disappoints, obsessed with the firefly fries and their chicken salad is one of the best. Nahum was our server he was very kind and attentive.
This restaurant has really great service! Their employees are really nice, always have a smile on their faces! The server I recommend you to ask for is RACHAEL!! She was always coming to our table to make sure we were having a nice time and if we needed anything else. She refilled our drinks without us having to ask her for more. She's really nice, she never gave us a bad attitude or a bad look when we kept asking for more food or when we would call her over. 

I would recommend people to try:
Firefly fries
Ceviche
Diabla
Chocolate tres leches
Dates
Banana nutella sandwich
Apple manchego salad
The bread DEFINITELY!!!!!!!!!!

Don't forget to ask for RACHAEL!! She really is a GREAT server! You won't regret it :)
Haley gave us incredible service tonight. Friendly and attentive. Easy on the eyes too.
Wow! Atmosphere is awesome! Fancy atmosphere, but food is cheap!!  I like Hawaii bento and  Japanese ramen. Usually, I don't like Japanese ramen, but in this restaurant!!  OMG!!! I like it. Definitely I will go again!
Everything was alright, I would like to see when they open their dinner menu also.
Food was really good. since everything is in smaller portion, we ordered all different types of food. My favorite so far is the squid noodle! and tonkatsu!! their tonkatsu sauce is mmmhmm mmmhmmm good! my friends and i were saying they put drug in that sauce!! Dessert section pretty good I wanna go try fried oreo soon! atmosphere is good. good customer service. definately going back soon
I saw the road on the side of the street and had to try it. I lived in Korea for a few years and am always craving the flavors I had there. First thing I noticed was that they have squid dopbap! I ate that all the time when I was in Korea and their version of it was quite tasty. I also had the Spam Musubi (I know this isn't Korean, but it sounded good to me at the time). Honestly, it was probably the best I've had anywhere. The service was very friendly, and maybe it's because they had plenty of time to serve me since I was the only one in there. I really hope that more people find this place and enjoy it.

The only drawback for me was that there was a strange smell coming from somewhere. It wasn't evidenced in the food, so I don't think it was the kitchen. Maybe it was from the build out of the restaurant since it's so new, but it was not a pleasant smell at all. Hopefully they get that taken care of. Regardless, it won't keep me from eating there again.
I have had the pleasure of eating lunch at this place. The looks and feel for the restaurant is what I would expect for a Korean place. It is def an Asian Fusion place. Aspects of Korean, Japanese and Hawaiian. Myself and 3 other friends ate here for lunch one day. We ordered several appetizers, different lunch dishes and a few desserts.  All i have to say is WoW! The prices are very affordable for being in Sumerlin. I cant wait until they open for dinner, I will def be back... What makes things better, K-Bop is right down the street from my house... :-)
For the price (avg $4.95/per entree), the dishes are a great value.   While I know Korean food tends to be on the sweet side, I found it a bit too sweet for my taste, all dishes were solidly made and were nice portions.   I also wanted hot sauce on everything, and they happily offered Sriracha sauce.  

Service was attentive.  The decor is really "clean" and tastefully done.
This is a great place.  We're not very familiar with Korean food and needed recommendations from our server.  We had the meatballs, chicken wings, and a pork dish.  They were all full of flavor and not overly spicy as we had requested We also had the tempura fried ice cream and again it was great. The servings are generous and perfect for sharing.  Highly recommend this restaurant .
Im extremely picky about Korean food since I have eaten it since birth and am particular about my Kimchi and traditional dishes. I came here at 11pm expecting to have late night staleness. Instead everything was fresh and delicious. Loved the ambiance and decor. It was very clean which is typical for Koreans . They played Korean music which was fun too. Service was GREAT! Food came quick and full portions. We stayed 2 hours since it was happy hour. Ill be back here ALOT!!!!!
Food was great! Also, portion sizes aren't really tapas portions, more like entree sizes. So although it may seem pricey at first glance, it's really not, considering the portion.

We tried a bunch of stuff but my favorites were the japchae, kim chee pancake, bulgogi burrito and bulgogi dog. My only criticism is I wish the bulgogi dog was a bit leaner, but the flavor was good.

They just opened, so there wasn't much of a wait. I liked the decor - nice, clean and modern. Service was also really good!

We'll definitely be back!
Very clean place with good food, service. And great prices. The food was fresh and well proportioned. I'll definitely make this one of my regular places to eat.
I was at Caesar's Palace for a convention and we ordered over 40 boxes of Doshirak. I gotta say, I've never had Korean food outside of Cali until this weekend. It was the best I've had in a while. 

I tried everything from the bulgogi, dweji gogi, and the salmon plates. I love the portions they give you on everything. 

5/5 for great taste, great service, and originality.
Let's make this quick.  The server was great and the restuarant looks good.

Only ordered 3 items:
hot bibimbop
chicken gizzard
pork neckbone soup

Not a fan of the chicken gizzard.  bibimbop was standard and the soup was actually pretty good.  Nice place to have around the neighborhood.

1 downfall for me:
It wasn't busy (3 table including ours) and it seemed as though the owner knew the 2 tables that were eating and kept coming by to talk to them.  Would have been nice to maybe stop by and ask if we liked everything.  Being your new maybe you want to make a good impression to your customers.
I had bibimbap, dducboki, albap, and ojingabokum. Because they use same koean chilie sauce, the taste was same. But locationwise it is great to have korean tapa place west of town. I hope this restaurant goes well.
After dinning at K-Bop Korean Tapas & Bar I must say I was thoroughly impressed! The food was not only delicious, but the waiter was so kind as well as informative. My date and I went during their Happy Hour and had half priced alcohol, can't beat that!! With each dish the server explained how to eat it as well as what sauces could improve the taste. The atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable. I would definitely go back!! I recommend this establishment 100%! Great food, great prices, and great service :)
Great deal. Good food, excellent service, good prices. We had: 
salmon spring roll - surprisingly light and tasty,
Tobiko omelet - bland and very cheesy,
Fish cake soup - pretty good but could use some more spice,
Stir fried udon - very tasty, perfect with a bit of sriracha. 

Great happy hour deal - half off all alcohol. 

Solid place. I'll come here again.
K-BOP is great place to unwind and have a nice chat with a group of friends.  The restaurant has easy parking, friendly service, and reasonably priced Korean food in generous portions.  It just doesn't seem like many people know about this place yet.  Every time my friends and I visit this place in the evening, it always seems like we're the only people there (besides the workers).  It's not awkward or anything though, because there is K-Pop music that continually plays throughout the course of your meal.  Anyway, K-BOP is a nice little restaurant for a stress-free get-together with your friends.
I think place is more like a korean bar. I always look forward to the ban-chan but they didn't serve any. The bul-gogi was super sweet--too sweet and salty too. I was not impressed. Sadly, another Korean miss. There aren't any great korean restaurants in Las Vegas. :(
had  lunch  here  today  with my family  and not only was  service  excellent  the food  and  prices  were  awesome!  we  will  defiantly  be  back  again.....  :)
This place is AWESOME! The restaurant has great decoration and great korean music!
You can enjoy ur food while seeing the korean music video!

food was awesome! i love the garlic squid, baked mussel, s&s pork! omg they are my favourite! oh the rice cake was great too!
the garlic squid was not overcooked, has a strong flavor, n u can eat the whole garlic because the garlic was cooked perfectly.
baked mussel was fresh!

you can go here with ur friends and have some beer or soju, they have happy hours n its 30%off.

Worth to try and I DEFINITELY BACK
There is big, untapped potential here.

First, the good parts.
- Service is excellent. Quick and very friendly!
- The place itself is really nice and clean.
- The menu is expansive and pretty cheap*.
- I'm normally not a fan of spam musubi, but theirs is exceptional.

Now the not so good - which is really one thing: While some things look good and are cheap, sometimes you see why they're cheap. *They use a lot of rice in something like their burrito. In the picture it looks like a normal burrito with lots of shredded veggies and meat. Instead, you get a little bit of meat and veggies, with 3lbs (exaggeration) of rice making it look massive.

Something of a neutral point is just mentioning a disadvantage they have: location location location. They're very close to me, but honestly if I wasn't in the area I'd never know they were buried in a shopping center with a Home Depot. I just don't see it working out for them there but I sincerely hope it does and they have time to refine their menu, even if it's at the cost of raising prices.
Tonight I decided to stop by one of the local newer places that I have been to in the past. Today is was K-bop. I have eaten here several times in the past. I have had nothing but positive experiences. Tonight I had to fend for myself with dinner as the family had prior plans. Eating at a place that offers fresh/healthier choices is always top of my list. 

Tonight it was rather slow compared to the few other times. Which def ment that the service was rocken! My waitress was very attentive, she stopped by several times to check up on me, to make sure the water glass was filled and to see if I needed anything else. 

My food was very delish! I started off with an order of the korean wings. I was very impressed. The wings where hot and juicy. Very fresh! The seasoning/sauce was sweet with a spicy kick to it. I was shocked that the wings was tossed with almond slices, but they was very tasty!  My main dish was was the Yakisoba. But I had them add Bulgogi. Nothing is better than noodles with some bulgogi. Everything was fresh and tasted outstanding. Tonight was the best flavors I have had. I think I might have found my favorite combinations... With these two dishes, I AM STUFFED!!!!! 

I am very glad that I live a few streets away from K-bop... I just wish I ate here more often...
I really hate to give this place 3 stars because their staff was all amazingly accommodating and friendly. The three stars are for the fact that their staff tries so hard, and I can appreciate their patience in regards to a situation I witnessed that would easily drain anyone of patience with customers. 

However, the food was a huge let down. I only tried the pork Cutlet and spam musubi. The Cutlet was dry and over fried, while the katsu sauce was just... extremely off. It may be because I've been accustomed to how I believe it is supposed to taste due to past experiences. The spam musubi had too much sweet daikon in it, that it overpowered the musubi which is hard to do considering spam is so salty. It was also greasy and fell apart quite easily. I may give them another chance and try a simpler menu item. I'm open to changing my review to a better rating if they can step up the quality of their food.
Such great and personalized service that I had to give them 5 stars! The server (I forgot his name) gave me his honest recommendations and made sure to take care of me and my boyfriend the whole time. The food was great, too! Will definitely be back!
Reading the reviews, I have read about their service. And their service has proven to be true. Our server have us suggestions on the menu. I could see that he really wanted us to enjoy what we order, so he would tell us if something is better than other foods, so I really like that he cares. We ordered by the servers recommendations. 

We ordered the garlic squid and the bulgogi plate. All of the food had great quality to it. Meat was cooked thoroughly, and goes great with rice!

We ordered flan and fried oreo for dessert. Everything was well presented and, of course, delicious! I'm definitely coming back here with more people!
Fabulous locally owned restaurant....service is 5 star and the food is great with generous portions and top notch quality....put this on your las vegas list!
Finally! Soon dubu that doesn't require me having to drive down to Chinatown!

I have dined in and ordered take-out from K-bop and every time the food has been delicious and consistent. Our orders vary but generally soon dubu (spicy tofu soup) and bibimbop (rice bowl with vegetables and meat) are always staple items.

Dining in, the service is very good and I love that they stay open late! It's a perfect on-the-way home stop for comfort Korean food.
First time when my wife recommended this restaurant, I don't have any expectation. I tried school food, fish cake soup and stone bibim bop.  The thing I like the most is I can try little bit of many kinds of food because this is a tapa style restaurant. Service was great and food was so tasty. This is a good place to hang out with my friends. Some beers with korean tapas sounds good! I'm so glad to have a korean restaurant in sw area. I will definitely come back to try other korean foods on the menu.
What a find in suburbia. Excellent Korean tapas and lunch menu.  Ambiance rivals some of the best places on the strip. Excellent TV playing K Pop. This is not your typical Asian restaurant with poor attention to service. The owner and waitress are very attentive and friendly. The food here is 5 stars.  I came in for lunch special and had the beef bulgogi which was great and flavorful. Definitely coming back.
I dig it! Convenient, great atmosphere, CLEAN and best part, don't have to deal with Chinatown traffic and parking! I am all about Korean tapas and K-Bop doesn't disappoint! The service was solid (which I must admit is quite unusual for an Asian restaurant, haha!). 

We are huge fans of Korean BBQ, soon tofu, tapas and K-Bop is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Hopefully they will be in business for a long time to come!
This Korean spot is theeee best!!! My girlfriends and I went there...The experience, the food, the service was  amazing!!! Sue was so good to us! We can't wait to go back!
Very good!  The Bulgogi beef was  very tender and super flavorful. Our lunch came with an appetizer sampler with tastes of different Kim chi items.  We also had a comp.  1/2 order of pot stickers from the Yelp check in and free cinnamon & sugar chips.  The lunch menu was a great way to check things out,  with several options under $8. We'll be back.
Awsome !!! That's what it is , the food , experience , ambience ... What not everything . 
This is by far the best Korean food I had in years , the restaurant was clean , good music , Asian inspired interior designing . Our waitress was so sweet to us and helped us out when we don't know what to order for dinner . 
We had the Yangnyeom Chicken , buttery squid and the kimchi fried rice , which comes with a fried egg on top . The chicken was delicious , so was squid and the sides of vegetables they give as complementary are nice .
I tried using the chopsticks , but I couldn't . The waitress she came over and gave me trainer chopsticks and a fork . 
We had a really good time , I highly recommend this place !!
From ambience to smallest details this place is perfect for someone with appreciation for esthetics and gourmet food. I came across it on yelp, while looking for a restaurant that serves tapas, naturally having a nice spanish meal in mind, but I saw photographs of this one and absolutely had to try it. 
Ambience: Like a lot of places off the strip it is located in a strip mall, but as soon as you enter, you end up in a minimalistic orchard with sheltered paper-framed cabins for small groups, the walkway to the restroom is wall-papered with trees, so I felt as I was having a stroll at Champs-lyses. Dim lighting appropriately completes the mood, but bright enough to read the menu ;). 
Food: You will definitely find most of your favorite Korean specialties on the menu, however it definitely is contemporary fusion with French/Japanese style taste layering and presentation. We could not choose and ordered too much to eat, but ended up finishing it all to the last piece. I am not sure what to recommend, as we had 6 dishes between three of us and they were all perfect from soup to dessert, so I assume other things on the menu are comparable.
Food presentation: is clean and minimalistic tastefully mixed with traditional very much in tune with decor of the place. 
Price: very basic as the menu card, we ended up spending about $80 for three of us, that included drinks. I could not have expected better experience for the money for sure.
One word...LOVE! K Bop is AMAZING! I was in Vegas on a business trip and wanted to get away from the hotel and craziness of the strip. My party and I knew we wanted to eat tapas and couldn't decide where to go when we stumbled onto this hidden gem.  K bop was about 7 miles from our hotel but it was worth the drive.  We tried numerous plates and my fav, glass noodles, they were to die for.  The staff was very attentive and our orders were brought out in a timely manner.  All dishes were fresh and very tasty. The owner from K bop greeted us and asked about our dinning experience.  We raved about the fabulous dishes we tried and mentioned we were from L.A and she was very sweet and brought out some free dessert. I will definitely return on my next rip to Vegas!
Just noticed this place and decided to give it a try.  So glad we did!   We ordered bulgogi and japchae.  It was very very good!   My Korean husband said it was just like mama makes.
This place has a great ambience and very hospitable employees. Many types types of tapas dishes to choose from. Everything came out real great and no complaints on my side
Nice place that you can go to dresses up or causal. Our server was nice and attentive. The food was good. Try the garlic squid! We also ordered the Spoodfed Pizza. It was good but had a bit too much cheesy for me. Definitely coming back for sure. So much more I want to try.
My boyfriend and I have wanted to try this place for a while now after seeing the pictures and reading the reviews on Yelp. We finally made it in (3/22/14) and it was awesome! I feel so bad though because there were probably at least 5 times we had driven by on a Saturday night and decided not to go because it looked like nobody was in there! Do not let that fool you like it did us. We feel stupid for waiting so long to try this place. My boyfriend is Korean and the food was really delicious. 

I had the Stone Pot Bibimbap which was one of the best I've ever had- the rice was perfectly browned on the bottom and came out sizzling. I ate every last bite. My boyfriend ordered the Poor Man's Soup and devoured it- it was fantastic but of course the one his mom makes at home is the best. ;) I love how they present their banchans all together on a cute little plate too. 

One of the things that really surprised me the most was how nice it was decorated inside. Obviously the owners spared no expense and it reminded me of a place you would see inside of Mandalay Bay or something. I really loved the Korean wallpaper and the backlit walls. It was spacious and they were really smart about their partitions between tables as it gave a sense of privacy without taking away from the ambiance of the restaurant. 

The service was great too- while our server only had three other tables while we were there, she was very attentive and had a genuinely caring attitude and smile. 

I really hope this place does well and that more people discover how nice it is for themselves. I think the location (next to Home Depot) has a lot to do with it not being very busy when we had previously driven by. Nothing in that area is open very late except for K-bop and it's hard to see! But the food and ambiance are totally worth it and I bet if it was in the heart of Chinatown this place would be hoppin' all the time!
Bitter sweet to share such a great place that few know about yet. So, go and enjoy the best Korean tapas in Vegas!
The short ribs are amazing and the yangnyeom chicken with garlic soy sauce aka Korean wings, the best I have ever had.
The service is spot on and cool look too.
My wife and I eat here regularly as everything is prepared and presented so nicely. virtually all the sauces, kimchee and other components are homemade and of the best quality.

The menu is fairly eclectic and we've tried most of the items on the menu. Our 'go to" dishes are the baked green lip mussels with cheese, risotto and the spicy sliced pork.

Everything here is exceptional and fairly priced. You can't go wrong.
The reviews for this restaurant were overwhelmingly positive.  Service was great and we were served an accompaniment of vegetables with our dish.  We had the fried dumplings as an appetizer which were tasty but I wish there was more to the filling.  The same goes for the bibimbap.  It was served in a sizzling stone pot.  It had beef but honestly the pieces were minuscule and I was hard-pressed to find or taste it because the rice made up most of the dish.  I suggest they increase the amount and size of the beef and veges and reduce the amount of rice.
I really loved the presentation of every dish, everything came in a sizzling plate (even the dumplings).  I also liked how the banchan was served, all in a giant dish with several nooks (and free if you ask for more). This place was clean and though it was playing the traditional k-pop videos it still had a modern and classy ambiance that would make Westeners feel comfortable to dine in. The spicy pork and the bulgogi was awesome and the takoyaki was excellent, the octopus not rubbery like most places. Didn't have a chance to try the dumplings because the kids gobbled it all up which says something. Highly recommend for those who are unfamiliar with Korean food but would like to give a new cuisine a try.
Came here on a double date to share some tapas and love this place! Everything that came to our table had such unique flavors and textures. Your money goes a long way too! Dinner for four people was $60 and we were stuffed, plus brought home leftovers.. highly recommend trying this place out!
Great Korean food and good friendly service at reasonable prices.  Neighborhood restaurants as good as K bop are a joy to visit.   

If you like Korean food , you won't be disappointed.
The ambience is super nice! Their garlic chicken wings is on point! The jap chae had a bit too much sauce in my opinion but overall the food was good. Tried the porks feet, which I never had before but it was really good!
Hmm, where to put K-bop... probably 3.5 stars but leaning towards the 3. Walking in the door, the surroundings are groovy! The restaurant was adequately contrived. 

The Happy Hour here is for 30% off on drinks only, and runs from 3pm - 7pm. I purchased a couple of Hot Sake's. They were sharp and tasty. Soon afterwards, I ordered some food.

To begin with, I have no choice but to scrutinize the water. It had a murky, pond-river taste. I perceived that it materialized straight from the sink. Grrr....

Ok, so now the food. While inspecting the prices of the tapas, and then scanning the pics taken by other Yelpers, I concluded that it would be more reasonable to order an entree rather than to procure a tapas. (Even after the meal, my belief was that, all in all, every item on the menu was about 2 dollars overpriced)

Banchan - Positively satisfying, but small. 

Soon Doobu - Basically, a spicy seafood stew with ultra-soft tofu. The broth, seafood, and vegetables tasted good. Regrettably, as many other Yelpers have said, it's way to damn spicy!!! (and I LOVE spicy, but it was too much) Furthermore, temperature wise, soon doobu should be bubbling insanely when it arrives to the customer. The one served to me was barely simmering, and when I cracked my egg in, it had completely stopped. So, by the time I mixed the egg in, the egg whites didn't even cook all the way.. Gross.

Service wise, we turned up as a big group, and service was OK.
To conclude, the food is OK but pricey, and service is OK. So maybe between 3 stars and 3 1/2. \_()_/
This place is pretty homey....at least I think so. It's k-pop.  I like the music. :) it's tucked away behind fatburger and in the same building as biaggios.  

So if you check in at least for us...we got 1/2 pot stickers.  It was nice and crispy.  I like them this way :). The sauce was rather spicy...like a dry spice. It was good when I only dipped a little in the sauce.

We had the bulgogi...I didn't try it so I can't comment on it. But my bf ate it all.

Also ordered was the Japanese ramen.  It was not a typical miso/shoyu ramen...I mean I didn't get a choice on it.  It was a lighter broth.  It was good. No chashu though :( the egg was just a regular hard boiled egg though...so that was a little disappointing..then again this is a korean place...so it's ok.

Next spam musubi...yummy!!! They have egg in it and the rice has diced daikon? It's s yellow picked japanese dish...not sure if it's daikon or not.  Either way it have the spam musubi a nice crunch. It was good and refreshing.

My bf ordered the burrito...it's made with veggies inside. He did not easy a lot of this. It's not the typical burrito.

Then the mussels.  It was ok. The sauce was good and there was cheese on it? But I'm used to a more creamy sauce and flavor with the mussels. I wouldn't order this again. 

So in trying this place I really liked the spam musibi! And the atmosphere...other than that. Typical good. Wasn't bad.  Paid $50 including tip...was full...yeah decent place. 

Great service to btw. They asked if everything was ok...and the owner/manager did ask how was it when we were paying and asked if we wanted boxes....so did the server. But we didn't want any. It was nice of them to see and ask though.
Clean and friendly.  Nothing Tapas about this place, including the price of each dish.  Service is prompt and helpful.  

BULGOGI DOG - cheesesteak sandwich
GARLIC SQUID - good roasted garlic amongst spicy grilled squid
HOT BIBIMBOP - hot forever in stone pot(which is a good thing)
JAPANESE RAMEN - terrible let down
POTSTICKER - potsticker

American food disguised as a korean restaurant.  Monkey shall not return... voluntarily.  At least they've got Bibimbap.
Do you want to know where to go for some good Korean food in Las Vegas! This is the place! Classy, fun, great food, and the place is today's Korea!! If your looking for a good Korean food experience, try this place!
My friend got a coupon in the mail for this new place so we decided to try it.  We had every intention of checking out some Korean tapas, but when we saw Bulgogi and Bibimbop on the menu, we changed our mind and went for a dinner sized meal instead.  She liked her tender grilled beef and the variety of banchan.  I enjoyed my hot stone pot filled with egg, thinly sliced beef, lots of colorful fresh veggies and crispy rice which I mixed all together with the spicy sauce.  Service was prompt and friendly and the restaurant is clean and nicely arranged.  Prices were reasonable. They also,have lunch specials. We'll come back again to try other dishes and the Soju cocktail happy hour which is daily 3-7, see pic.
I enjoy this place when I'm craving Korean type food in my neighborhood instead of driving to Chinatown area.  The menu has since changed since we've been there a few months back. We always enjoy the complimentary wonton cinnamon strips.  My children enjoyed the spam musubi. As I mentioned in my tip, spam musbi was tasty but they add daikon to it which my daughter picked out.  My younger daughter is allergic to soy.  The server was very accommodating to her allergies and separated her plate from the soy!  The bento box was a perfect serving and very tasty! The bulgogi sandwich was soggy after a while as the juices wet the bun too much.  They need to serve it on another type of bread. My husband has the garlic squid and steamed egg.  He enjoyed both although he was expecting to taste the garlic more in the squid dish.  

I always enjoy the food here.  Whenever I go here its never that busy.  I hope it remains open for a long time!
When we first walked in, I noticed the friendly greetings & great ambience. We ordered the potstickers, grilled squid, baked mussels, steamed egg, hot bibimbap, bulgogi plate, soon tofu soup & honey brick toast. 
Potsticker: Crispy and really good with the soy chili sauce they gave us. 
Grilled squid: Garlicky & really flavorful but we had to eat it fast since it was served on a hot plate which could make squid taste rubbery if overcooked. 
Baked mussels: Was okay. Very cheesy and not a lot of flavor. 
Tobiko steamed egg: Light and fluffy. I like how they added the roe on top giving the egg the taste of the sea. Also try the eggs with their house chili sauce. Yummy :)
Hot bibimbap: I liked the texture when the rice at the bottom cooked and became crunchy.
Bulgogi plate: Tender and delicious. 
Soon tofu soup: pretty good but the pork was a little tough.
Honey brick toast with ice cream: ordered this ahead of time since it is supposed to take  about 15 minutes to prepare. It was served while we were still eating our entree so some of the cream melted :(
It was simple dessert but really good and satisfied my sweet tooth;  my kids ate it with much gusto.
Overall, pretty good food, and the place is clean, with nice decor, awesome service. Good for a date or even with the family. Would definitely come back :)
Truly hidden, tucked away in the corner. But man, this place was great! Their lunch specials can't be beat. It took me a while to choose from the menu because all of it sounded so good! I decided to get the box because it has three different meats and rice. Their side dishes are served in a really cute way, and they really care about presentation. For an appetizer treat, they give you fried wonton strips that are sprinkled with sugar which are suuuper tasty. I even saved some for the end to dip in our vanilla ice cream with chocolate sauce and that was such a treat! 

They place k-pop music videos and it's definitely a fun atmosphere. The inside decor is beautiful as well as the painting job on the way to the really clean bathrooms. That was a plus. My experience was here was very enjoyable. We came on a rainy day because I was getting my car done near by. And I'm glad we did! The lady was super nice and always helped with a smile. If you're ever in the area, you should try it!

Check in and get a free half order of yummy pot stickers! Worth it!
A review on the fly,  well let's see,  $3 barefoot wine is hard to beat. 

The strange mix of old Murphy's Law with island theme is a little off putting,  but we are here for the food. Though if you're not a parrot head you may want to bring ear plugs. 

Okay,  the food:

Bacon wrapped dates,  well the comparison to Fire Fly is an obvious one,  but they are totally different,  at Fire Fly they aim to bring out the sweetness of the date,  here it is less sweet and more tang,  I honestly could not pick between them,  they are both very good. 

The escargot...... simply amazing,  fantastic food,  a must have. 

Lobster ravioli,  very good. 

Chicken satay,  the taste is ok,  but due to the size of the chicken pieces it would be very easy to over cook,  as in this case,  dry chicken is just not good. 

The meatball,  excellent, I was worried that due to the size they would be dry,  but nope,  it puts most Italian restaurants in town to shame. 

Tamale. Decent,  a little more meat would be good,  it was also a little dry. 

Risotto balls,  sorry but that sucked,  like biting into sand.

Croquetter, okay,  not as good as Fire Fly,  but ok, more like deep fried wipped potatoes than anything.

Mac and cheese... seriously seriously good,  the portion size is insane as well,  you could make a meal out of it by itself,  in no way,  shape or form a tapas dish,  but damn it's good. 

Duck slider,  way to heavy on the cherry reduction,  but, a silly amount of duck,  for the price, the sweetness of the cherry reduction would have been fine with the duck, but the amount just totally overwhelmed the duck so all we were left with was the overly sweet cherry. 

Service was a little hit or miss, having one of the bartenders act as the wait person may be a good idea money wise, but it can lead to long waits if they are busy at the bar.

So in the end, this place has some outstanding dishes and some that are just plain nasty, how they can come out of the same kitchen is beyond me, but it is certainly worth visiting and with dishes like the escargot, it's clear that someone knows how to cook.
I was staying in the neighborhood, and decided to give the place a whirl.  

Upon entering the smell of smoke was really strong, but found a place near the door where it did not seem so bad.  

I was cheerfully met by the server, who was pleasant, but requested that I order everything by numbers, instead of the foods name.  No problem, I agreed.  

I ordered the Octopus and Caesar salad with anchovies.  The salad was really good, the octopus was past chilled, and frozen.  I brushed this off, and ordered the escargot and a glass of zinfandel.  Well, after a few minutes, both showed up, and the zinfandel was a pink one that was cold, so a white or pink zinfandel or some sort of nasty swill, which I tried to get my server's attention, which I waited for for around 10 minutes, and finally walked to the bar to get a glass of red.  

I finished the wine and my escargot, which were OK.  Then the disturbing part began.  I was watching the end of Monday Night football, when I glanced over at the bar and noticed a patron's scrotum hanging out of his underwear while he was stumbling around.  Maybe in Vegas this is acceptable, but somehow in my opinion this mixed with tapas does not jibe.  I was grossed out, and could not leave the place fast enough, and I waited, and waited while trying to make eye contact with my lack of server, who finally signaled to me from afar whether I wanted my bill, which I obviously did, and she obliged.  She then said he had dementia, which I called BS on.  He was drunker than cooter brown, as he had to be helped to get his pants back on.  He was not the only person in here that was plastered, as I noticed many other people stumble by.

Maybe I am wrong, but tapas and a smoking bar full of slot machines and drunks does not really match.  You could not pay me to go into this place again, as it was more than the sad display I witnessed at the end, it was a place that wreaked of smoke, where you are trying to have a nice meal.  If they do not want to alienate their loyal clientele, they should serve tater tots, and spam as when you are that messed up, something that soaks up booze when the staff is clearing over serving the customers would be adequate for their clientele.  

Enter at your own risk......
My husband and I stopped in for dinner. Not crowded or overly loud, especially not for a Saturday night. We were greeted promptly and the bartender quickly brought us menus and got our drink orders.

We ordered a nice variety of things - from the rice balls to sliders. Everything was good, stuffed dates and mango chicken were excellent. We ordered 7 dishes and I got a draft beer and our meal was less than $40 which I thought was a great deal for the amount of food we received. The croquette was a little too greasy for me. We would come back, and I noticed there is currently a groupon out for half off drinks (no food). 

I was concerned about smoke smell, but we are both pretty sensitive to smoke and it only got bad as we were leaving and 3 people at the bar lit up....and we were sitting right beside the bar.

Food was good and it was a nice place to watch football.
Where do I begin?? We came in since our favorite tapas place was closed do to a power outage and I had been wanting to try the place since they opened because I live across the street. We sat at the bar and I ordered a Bloody Mary and my girlfriend ordered a water, the bartender rolled her eyes when the water was ordered and carded me and not my girlfriend even though she was sitting at the bar and gambling and is clearly younger then me. We asked for a food menu and ordered the Mac n cheese with truffle, the ceviche, and the beef Wellington. We noticed a lot of spelling errors in the menu which made us veer away from those items, if you can't spell them then how good are you at making them. My girlfriend decided on a beer but we couldn't get the bartenders attention until she brought our food. The beer came quickly. There was no truffle taste to the Truffle Mac n cheese, the ceviche had barley any seafood and the smallest chip "bowl" known to man, it was just slightly bigger then a tostito's scoop. A few min later are beef Wellington came out over cooked. My roommate came in, sat next to us and asked for a menu. She decided on food and closed her menu, we decided on desert and closed ours. We waited ten min and I tried to get the bartenders attention but no help, they helped people near us but never came to us, they never even tried to make eye contact to see if we were ok. I took my tip back off the bar, since she never came by to pick it up anyway and went to complain to the "guy in charge when the gm's away" he was standing at the bar with his arm over two guys talking and completely ignoring everyone around him. I interrupted him and said I had heard him say earlier that he worked there, he was extremely rude and I walked away mid conversation. I will never return especially since there was a young boy about 4 years old running around in kitchen and service areas. Who let's a four year old into a bar let alone the kitchen?? A complete waste of $60 ($30 gambling and $30 on our bill)
Went here a few months ago and it was good. Now there is a total disconnect between the bar and the kitchen. Food was not good. Ok place to smoke cigarettes and play video poker. Otherwise, nothing to see here, move along.
**for bar service only, haven't had the food yet**

I used to frequent this bar back when it was Murphy's Law.

Stopped in for a quick drink with a friend on Friday after work.

While I'm not a huge fan of the new decor (I really don't get the white fence around the bar) the service is still great.

We were greeted right away by the bar staff, Jessy and Megan, who were super nice, and very attentive.

We ordered our shots of Jameson (only $4, not too shabby!) with a pickle back. (Trust me, if you haven't tried this, you MUST.  There is something delightfully crazy about how good pickle juice tastes right after a shot of whiskey.  It sounds like it would be awful, but it is DELICOUS!)
Jessy and Megan were quick, and attentive, making sure we got the 4 shots we ordered right away. 

Service was great.  I'd like to come back to try the food sometime soon.
Stopped in on a whim because you can't help but notice it from the paint job.  :)

The first night was awesome met a guy who knew everything even recommended what to eat and we did.  The service was great and we left happy.  

The next time we came in the service was happy to see us and greeted us nicely made us feel welcome good service and nice drinks.  Comps good for gambling.

The next time service was not so good the normal bartender greeted us but left shortly after.  Keep in mind my man was gambling the whole time I was sober driver and was going to pay for my 2 drinks in 2 hours no problem.  But we were not asked just ignored came to the point he had to flag them down to get a drink for him.  We had friends join us who gambled $200 had 3 drinks and 2 apps still had a food tab.   My man lost $150 and was pretty much sober we did not have any food.  Our friends who are big gamblers still had a food tab as I said after loosing that much.  When I bartended 10 years ago it was kinda your job to make to people loosing at least feel welcome.  We left feeling like a gem that was found turned into a piece of coal, cold, hard and unwanted.

Haven't been back, won't be back and our friends who are big gamblers for sure wont be back!  

Lesson learned for the business, never judge a book by its cover, if you want good people who can afford to spend money treat everyone like a gem.  Not the ones you like who are probably drinking on my dollar while we flag you down for a drink, gee thanks.  So uncomfortable, Ugh...
I cannot say enough good things about this place.  Found it randomly on Groupon and decided to check it out with my girl friend.  We went on a Tuesday night and while it wasn't by any means a packed bar, we had THE best time.  We had two different bartenders throughout our night there and both were awesome.  We drank, had food and I gambled.  I felt like the service was exceptional in all regards.  At one point I could've sworn (after drinking some) I put a $100 bill in a machine but the machine was crediting $20.  I inquired about it and they actually called their gaming technicians to come in and open up the machine for me to see what happened.  Turns out it was just a $20 I put in, but there was no hesitation on their end to look into it for me which was great on their part.  The food we ordered was really good and the portions were WAY bigger than we were expecting.  We ordered mac n cheese, ceviche, portabello mushroom and vegetable tempura.  If you're looking for a nice casual place to hang out, have a few drinks and yummy tapas, I would definitely recommend this place!
Cool lil place with decent food and a good atmospheres. The bartender Jess is a doll;super helpful and always cheerful. I've heard more bad things than I've seen for this place. Might be better with some more upbeat tunes
Great pub just east of the strip.  Megan is one of the best bartenders in Las Vegas and she will take great care of you.  Stop in for a visit and enjoy great food/drinks & service.  Loose slots too at the bar that actually pay off.
We went for drinks and tapas.  It's a meh bar.  I've been to seedier places but at least they had ambience and good drinks, this place was just a bar .  We tried about 6 different tapas,  some were ok others not so terrific, most greasy.  I asked for a Patron Cadillac margarita, it was in a glass not much bigger than 2 shot glasses,  with a ton of ice, very bitter, just tasted like mix and bad tequila. We drive all over the valley looking for new places, this is one we will not be back too.
Terrible, terrible service!!  Drinks were incredibly slow ... And the food was even slower. We waited more than an hour and a half for food!  This might have been excusable if the food had been decent but most of it was almost inedible. We won't EVER go back and recommend that everyone avoid this place.
Arrived to watch the NFL playoff game on a Sunday morning. The game was already and I wanted to order some food but they don't serve until 11 am.

I like how the place has flat screens everywhere so you can enjoy any sporting event wherever you're sitting. I sat at the bar and the female bartender who was younger and super friendly. I ended up ordering some hot wings and they were running a special since it was game day. The wings were decent and tasted great with my Blue Moon beers.

The place seemed like a locals hangout and everyone was friendly. I enjoyed my time spent here and would return here again.
Tapas? WTF are tapas? After the stunning blue haired bar goddess explained it to me, I'm now up to speed. 

Had the BEST time ever....milli grazie
My girlfriend Nina and I go in there all the time and Barefoot Bob's is great.   The atmosphere is positive and Jessie and Chris are the coolest bartenders in town.  They are positive minded and upbeat and always have my drink waiting for me the minute I walk though the front door.    Prices are very reasonable and the food is great.   Good choice of music on the jukebox too.   5 Stars all around.  I like.
Barefoot Bobs! Wow, thanks for making our Super Bowl weekend in Sin City absolutely BONKERS!!

We took a gamble on booking this place for Game Day Sunday. They were advertising $80 all you can eat game day buffet, endless draft beers/bottle beers, reserved seating, and halftime raffles. Sounds great, right? We're just a big group from Portland, some of us have served in the industry, and we were looking for a fun low key place to watch the game.

Expectations=exceeded. When they said "endless draft and bottle beers", they meant they'd bring full buckets brimming with cold beer bottles every 30 minutes. When they said  "game day buffet", they meant delicious pasta, pulled pork sliders, nacho bar, hot wings, and more. When they said "half time raffle", they meant my friend was going to win a full-sized neon Fosters beer sign and tons of other stuff, along with celebratory Fireball shots for everyone in our group. Ok, a COUPLE of shots for every single person in our group.

I WILL SAY: As a non-smoker (as most of our group is), we actually lucked out with the last minute reservation of an outside table. Had we been stationed inside the building, I don't know if we would've had as much fun. But with an outside table, we were able to breathe easy, move around, be loud, talk smack to the losing Broncos fans, stuff our faces with nachos, and make general game day merriment. And Angie, whom I take it is a manager, was in charge of our reservations and not only was she prompt in responding to my email query, she was the ultimate loud mouth hostess with a sassy attitude and I gotta give it up to her for that. Thanks, girl.

We MORE than felt like we got our $80 worth. Well worth the hike from the hotels we stayed at on the strip. We even talked to a guy who'd been coming to Barefoot Bobs/Murphy's Law for the last three years in a row for Super Bowl, and he agreed--there's no place in Vegas with a better atmosphere for the price tag. I'm inclined to agree. We'll be seeing you next year!
Place was pretty dead for a Friday night..
Their dine-in area was so big, but so empty.. So girlfriend and I sat at the bar!

We were greeted and helped by Eric throughout the whole night.. I would say he made the experience "ok" enough for us to stay!

We were definitely turned off when both bartenders, at the bar, had no clue what cocktails they have! We stuck with the simple things-- Moscatos, Mai Tai, "Peach on the Beach", Sparkling Moscatos, and our mixed drink that includes Absolute Peach Vodka, Pineapple and Sprite (which usually is with Ciroc Peach, but they didn't have). The wine was wine. A couple of our cocktails, as my friend had put it, should've been drank at the club! It was too strong for our little pallets! Lol

Now let's talk food.. I wasn't impressed..
First round we had :
* Stuffed Dates - I've never seen such huge dates, which wasn't a good thing in this situation! Had so much blue cheese where that's all you tasted!!
* Mango Chicken - The dish had grilled chicken with some type of mango salsa. Bland, no special flavor, and had some type of kick to it.
* Crab Cake - I liked this dish out of the three! The look of it was weird because it looked like a hamburger party, but crab was chunky and the sauce paired with it really well! Although I've had much better crab cakes, this was good!

Second, we ordered Buffalo Chicken Wings.
They were good to me, but it's fried chicken with added buffalo sauce.. you CAN'T mess that up! You get 5, decent sized wings with not too much buffalo sauce and a side of ranch! 

Lastly, (we blame the alcohol for having to order more food) we ordered Meatball Sliders and Shrimp Ceviche.
* Meatballs tasted like something from a can or those frozen ones. Plus they were really small for the size of bun they chose. I like my meatballs waaay bigger and made with real ground beef!
* The ceviche came with Tostitos nacho chips. Had good amounts of shrimp. To say the least it was ok..

OVERALL - Food was mediocre and bland.. Drinks were drinks, nothing special... And our bartender was really friendly, funny, and attentive! \_()_/
Found this place on groupon. 25$ for 50$ worth of drinks, I mean who would say no to that! Plus I have this thing for tapas style foods so I was very excited to try this place out.

Came here on a Friday night with my friend, it was extremely dead. First thing I smelt was smoke but hey, it's a bar what did I expect? Immediately greeted by Eric, our bartender for the night. He was very nice & attentive. He did mention he just started working so he was kind of clueless with the cocktail menus as well as the foods but I won't hold that against him!

For the foods--  this place is at the bottom of my list of tapas foods. We ordered..
Mango chicken -- nothing special about it looked like grilled chicken in mango salsa. 
Stuffed dates -- The dates were so big! & was wrapped in a small size bacon that didn't match the portion size of the dates.
Crab cake -- this was pretty delicious but the presentation of the dish wasn't appealing. When it came out it looked like a burger patty swimming in sauce. 
Buffalo wings-- nothing to say there it's wings lol 
Ceviche -- it was pretty good. The chips looked like it came outta a bag that you buy at the super market.
Meatball sliders -- meatballs were midget size compared to the bun. Tasted bland.

Cocktails & wine-- got the job done. They weren't terrible. 

Overall, I probably will not be returning. Me and friend did have fun there but we have fun anywhere really. Lol
I love LoVe LOVE this place!!!!!!!!! :D
I loved it when it was Murphy's Law... so for my Favorite spot to change I was a little scared to go in. 
"what if my fave's are gone??"
"what if the foods bad??"
 well ALL MY FAVES are STILL THERE :D
The food that they have is OMG AMAZING! && they're me-sized portions... NOM NOM NOM!!!!

I love this place all over again. I will be back and always bring someone that hasn't been since the change so they can see 1st hand how awesome you guys have become.

&& of course I must come and visit my Megan... She truly is the best of the best :]
Don't go. Friend and I went in for late night eats and a drink. No crowd at all. We took a seat and waited patiently. No service. 10 minutes later as Jeremiah and another employee talked and drank we were still waiting. Finally we just left. There was no reason we were not waited on. Guess we were not that important. Won't try it again.
I'm giving 2 stars and that's just for the effort of what they are trying to be. My boyfriend and I came here to try it out, cause we have been trying to go to new places in the area. 
We walked in, nobody greeted us, we sat ourselves, and the bartender came 5-7 minutes later... Not to mention it was freezing in there! 
We ordered a $20 pitcher of mojito cause it was their especial. We got it, and only then did she tell us that the mint flavor was mixed with the syrup (no mint leaves at all). None the less, it was nasty af. 
We ordered, food took a little while to come, and service was just alright.. (she never came to check if we needed anything).
Food was not great.. Some stuff was obviously frozen and I really hope I don't get sick from the ahi tuna and salmon. 
We will not be back.
My girl and I went here because of a groupon while visiting over the weekend . I yelped it and gave it a try.

The vibe suggests that this place is a locals preferred bar (as it is off strip) which is kinda of weird because everyone in vegas is a  transplant or decendent of one but I digress...

The fellow patrons seemed like older regulars who weren't happy, smoke, drink and play video poker constantly.

We were greeted but it didn't feel good as the one bartender talked on the phone as we waited to order. As we tried to find a table to sit at outside, we had difficulty finding a table that didn't wobble so bad that if you hit the table your beer would surely fall over. There were also a few tables that were broken to the point where you could get really hurt. we went back inside and after 2 tries we finally found a table that didn't wobble so bad.

I returned to the bar to order our second round and then ordered the bacon wrapped dates. When our dish was brought to us the bartender seemed to have made a pleasuring attempt at interacting with us. He told us about the bar and the food and seemed to have a personality..he even mentioned that he was from the Midwest.

We then ordered the garlic fries and  angus cheeseburger sliders......They were soooo good. I recommend them...the bacon wrapped dates..not so much.

They had 13 flat screens and while patronizing we happened to catch the Michael Jackson Hollogram thingy.

Two other female visitors arrived dressed like non locals and said "fuck this shit...lets get out of here" distressed by the non greeting and come get your own drinks and greet me attitude of the bartender. We understood!!!

Long story short....

FOOD IS GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (kitchen has nothing to do with bar and bar makes no money from it as explained by the bartender in a unfair attitude)

Groupon is worth its value (main reason we patronized)

Drinks are .....we only had beers but no foam, ice cold and in a logo glass...so great to me.

Would love to give this place a rave review but two friends asked me if they should buy it and I replied " Feels like a locals preferred place but the food was great. I think you should buy senior frog's deal instead".

I'm sorry Barefoot Bob's ....would give you a five if maybe a different night or bartender or no feeling of older down and out fellow patrons.
Under new management!! Awesome tapas  menu!!  Great potential!! Give it time! Gonna be a fun place!! They have those Sport select speakers!! So u can listen to it TV and it TV only!! Awesome!!
Amazing Staff..  Terrible Bar. 


 Seriously.  Every barternder, and the manager here are amazing..   Great service, great drink prices.. I honestly couldn't say a better word about the staff.      






The bar itself... Eh, not so much.. It was a bar when it was Murphy's Law..   Whoever decided to make it a Bahama Breeze style Tapa place, should never be allowed to have any more ideas, EVER..   Did they even realize there's an actual Bahama Breeze less than a mile away?!?!          


Oh, and Fu*k Jimmy Buffett.      A little here and there is ok, but if I wanted to listen to that shit constantly, I'd go to JIMMY BUFFETT's f@ck*ng bar!!! It's only a mile or two away!



It's sad this bar is closing, because the staff is amazing and doesn't deserve that.
A totally different Madison area experience! Finally something with some class and big city feel on the east side of town. Great atmosphere, great eats, and a nice selection of wines, beers, and cocktails. Opened by the successful team that brought you Buck n Honeys. Enjoy fellow foodies.
I am going to admit it...I'm living in Sun Prairie, but my heart is in the Madison food scene.  I often take the 15-20 minute drive to the East side or downtown to experience my favorite restaurants, even though I have to deal with the tenacity of the rush hour traffic on East Wash.  We were thrilled to discover a budding food scene in Sun Prairie when we first made the move, but options were limited until very recently.  An adjunct of Buck and Honey's, Plate and Barrel is a delicious and warming tapas bar that doesn't disappoint.  We went there on the first Friday night they were open, and the place was PACKED!  That being said, we had no trouble getting seated in a timely and polite manner.  Our waiter failed to mention the specials to us, but more than made up for his error with the impeccable service he gave us.  I am a sucker for ambiance, and the employees (from the hostess to the bartender) all seemed to only live to make our experience enjoyable.  

I sometimes go to tapas bars and develop favorite dishes right away, but one look at their menu told me I was going to be coming back and trying something different every time.  At our visit on Friday, we got the cheese board with three cheese options.  It came out on a lazy Susan, which was helpful, but also a little cumbersome on our tiny table.  It came with a dripping honeycomb, a variety of toasted/candied nuts, a few quinces, and a variety of fruit.  Totally delicious. Next we had the burnt end pork belly nachos, which were good, but not as good as Buck and Honey's signature nachos.  The pork belly had a thicker fat cap on it than I usually like, so it would have been nice if that was cut off.  Otherwise, the flavors were there. 

We finished off our meal with the bacon wrapped dates.  All I can say is....NOM.  Best thing I've eaten in a while.  The bacon was perfectly crispy and the dates were stuffed full of almond and goat cheese.  Just when I thought I was getting a little sick of bacon on everything (well...let's be honest...only a little sick of it....) this dish changed my mind.  

Like I said, I'll definitely be back, but would like to see a happy hour implemented.  The prices are just high enough to feed two people that this will be a once in a while place for me.   If there was a happy hour from 4-6 with discounted plates, I'd be happy as a date wrapped in bacon.

****UPDATE**** They just implemented a happy hour!  30% off everything from 4:00-5:30pm, much like 43North.  Not sure of the days, but am assuming Monday-Friday.  This pushed my review to 5 stars.  Yay!
Nice modern place, great food (salmon pate and tomato basil soup among my early favorites). Like that they take reservations, and is a nice alternative option to their fuller-fare neighbor Buck & Honeys. It's a little tighter quarters than I'm used to and thus a little loud on a busy night. Also the menu options are a little limited, though worth the trade off in quality. Very good, could get to that fifth star eventually.
when i heard that plate & barrel was opening in sun prairie, i was excited. my husband and i already love buck 'n honey's, which is in the same building & run by the same people as plate & barrel, so i knew we'd be fans.

my husband and i joined another couple for dinner there on a friday night. we called ahead and got a table, but the small space was very full.

small plates are my jam, and the more things i can taste, the better. clearly, it was a no-brainer to share a bunch of dishes with our friends. we all started with drinks and i love that they offer wine by the bottle, by the glass, and they have a BIG POUR option, which i definitely went with. i also tried our friend's fig old fashioned, which is probably one of the most delicious drinks i've ever tasted.

definitely start with a cheese plate if you go. we tried 4 cheeses and all were delicious. it comes with crispy bread and jams, fruit, & nuts. we pretty much licked the cheese board clean.

we also tried the pork belly nachos which were of course delicious (hard to go wrong with pork belly.), the polenta & sausage, and the duck sliders. i don't know how, but we saved room for dessert & tried the tiramisu.

there was literally not a single bite left on any of the plates when we were done. as we left we couldn't stop talking about the other dishes that we MUST try next time. high on the list are the bacon wrapped dates, the bread plate, and the korean ribs.

highly recommended!
Although only 15 minutes from Madison, Sun Prairie is as close as anyplace can be to an Anti-Madison. If Madison is Superman, Sun Prairie is the bizarre world Superman. It's about as Pleasantville, Wonder Bread, Mini-Van place as can be. You'll find just what you expect here, Culvers, a bunch of mediocre pizza places. But, somehow, a few gems have found a home here. Plate & Barrel is one of them.

This is a small plate cousin to Buck & Honey's which is in the same facility. It is in a stylish and comfortable room with a large bar. We are small plate lovers so we were very excited to see this place and give it a try. 

We had a couple of their craft cocktails including a "Wisco Mule" which is a nice take on the Moscow mule but with local ingredients as well as fresh muddled ginger. 

The first item we tried was the Pig, Fig & Goat Salad - baby arugula and water cress tossed in a fig vinaigrette, topped with goat cheese, almonds, prosciutto and figs. This was simply delicious. I wouldn't call it a small plate. It's a rather large salad with a delicious and unique vinaigrette. 

We then tried the lobster bisque. This was also delicious. The key with lobster bisque is to have it be rich but not so buttery rich that it becomes heavy. This one found that balance beautifully. It would, however, benefit from a few pieces of lobster meat.

Next up was Shark Bites - grilled shark layered with a horseradish blackbean sauce,
tomato jam, and pico on a toasted crostini. This dish was a clunker. It had numerous issues. First, the flavors do not work together. Would anyone go to the cupboard and take out tomato salsa (pico) and mix it with horseradish? Much like a specialty sushi roll that adds too many ingredients, the dish had too much going on in it such that the flavors were muddled. The other issue is that it does not work as a crostini. The black bean makes the costini soggy. Lastly, the shark was overcooked and dry. I think this dish could work if it were simplified. Grill the shark to medium rare with some char marks, place it on the crostini and top with just the tomato jam. This was also a rather large portion with four pretty huge crostinis on the plate.

Lastly we tried the Steak & Egg - sliced tenderloin lightly seasoned with salt and pepper, topped with an organic poached egg. Accompanied with a red wine reduction sauce and fingerling potatoes. This was the winner of the night. Just amazing. The steak was perfectly cooked and sliced with a bit of char. The fingerling potatoes arrive in a stack with a delicious red wine reduction. OUTSTANDING dish!

Overall, a very nice dining experience and an outstanding one for such an odd location. We will return soon to try more dishes from this promising new star in Sun Prairie.
Went back to Plate and Barrel and had a bit of a lesser experience this time. We had the pig, fig and goat salad again and while I love this salad they were apparently out of prosciutto and substituted plain ol' ham. That's ok, but you have to let customers know that before they order it and perhaps offer a bit of a discount as ham is a lot less expensive than prosciutto. 

We then tried the pork belly nachos. This was a nice dish but I'm not really sure that it was belly meat. It was more like a pulled pork nacho with black beans. The serving showed once again that this place doesn't really know what a small plate portion is. The portion was huge. 

Lastly we tried the $24 lobster ravioli. This was delicious but extremely overpriced. It consists of four very large raviolis in a nice tomato cream sauce with a dollop of a sweeter tomato paste on top. Here again the portion is more like a regular entree portion. While the ravioli had a few nice pieces of lump lobster I would guess that there's maybe 2 ounces of meat. The portion on this one should be three pieces and the price should be around 12-14 dollars. Nice dish,  just way, way overpriced for what you get. 

With a little polish this place has great potential.
REALLY good food!!  A bit too pricey.  Date night for my fiance and I cost us about $150.  We each had two drinks and we ordered about 4 small tapas plates.  If it wasn't so costly we would be back in a blink.  

The bourbon ball martini is exceptional!  I think I would return just for this drink.  MMMM!!!
LOVE Plate & Barrel! They've managed to achieve a whole different, upscale feel compared to Buck n Honey's. (Still love B n H's) Very high quality food, interestingly compiled & creatively presented. EX-TEN-SIVE wine list. Real live tapas, right here in the Prairie. We're going again in an hour - can't wait to demolish another cheese plate!!
Tried out Plate & Barrel for the first time last night. Not having much exposure to a Tapas or Small Plate restaurant before we were excited to try it out. Happily this place exceeded our expectations.

First, the service was very well done. We were greeted at the door with a smile and seated immediately. Our waitress was prompt and friendly and came by to check on us just enough to keep us happy and not too much to drive us nuts. Very well executed and with an authentic smile that was refreshing.

Probably more important was the food. Our group tried a number of items - it being small plate and all - and their really were no complaints. My wife had the Plate & Barrel Salad, which looked great when it came out and tasted just as good. (thanks for the taste baby!) I started with the Baked Scallops which came with Corn Bread infused with some herb. Very tasty and good. Both were good portions for being 'small plate' - and although maybe a little high on price, delivered with size and taste. For round two we tried a special they had for Restaurant week in Sun Prairie - Seafood Gnocchi (gnocchi, clams, mahi-mahi, shrimp and a tomato cognac base). Very good flavor, my wife wanted to lick up the sauce. 

The place also had a great selection of drinks - with a focus on wine and craft beers and specialty drinks. I tried the Left Hand Milk Stout from Colorado and it was so good I had to have two. 

Lastly, the atmosphere of the place was nice - small and quite with a modern feel. Dark wood and rocks and a impressive bar with handwritten drink menu wall behind it. The only thing I can say bad about our experience was towards the end of the evening our whole table noticed when the music switched gears - and some out of place hip-hop started playing. A bit odd but it didn't stop our fun. 

Overall a very good place that I look forward to trying again.
Once again, Plate & Barrel was a great choice dinner.  We had the Baked Beef Stroganoff and the Chicken Roulade...both new plates for us.  Both were excellent.  Our usual favorites are the Plate & Barrel Salad, the Steak & Egg, the Sausage & Polenta, and the Pork Belly Burnt End Nachos.  Normally we would go for a meat and cheese board and a dessert too, but tonight we just stuck to main dishes.  I note this only because it made the evening very affordable.  For drinks, we had the French Kiss Martini and a Julie's Vanilla Bourbon Ball Martini--both of which were excellent.  Waitstaff was knowledgeable and prompt without being intrusive.   The owner personally stopped over to ask us how our dinner was.  We're already regulars, and this visit further ensured that we'll be back very, very soon.  IMO...one of the best restaurants in the Madison area...not just Sun Prairie.  Wednesday nights are a good night to go.  Reservations are highly recommended if you're going on a Friday or Saturday.
This place is made for sharing plates...check the menu before coming.  If this isn't for you the sister restaurant, Buck &Honey's is!  We tried the bacon wrapped dates, the beef burger sliders, beef stroganoff and short rib sliders.  the only thing we didnt like was the rosemary bun for the ribs...but everything else was great.   The Bacon Wrapped Dates are sinfully tasty- a marriage of sweet and savory. The burger slider was so good, it made you forgive it's size, the shitake mushrooms and onions made a great touch.  The short ribs were a nice barbeque sauce and beef marriage.  It wasn't truly St Louis nor was it Kansas style...just good sauce- we ended up skipping the buns it came on.  There's something about when you take a bite of the rosemary herbed bun...I felt the smell as you took a bit overwhelmed the subtlety of the rib.  So much so we/ve decided to come back and try other dishes.  Perhaps dessert next time.
Highlights/lowlights

1) slow service
2) great food
3) nice atmosphere

I don't usually frequent Sun Prairie but was excited to try Plate and Barrel on a Saturday night for a friends birthday. We had an 8pm reservation and the restaurant was still pretty full. Right away I knew I liked the atmosphere. The back of the bar is a big chalkboard wall with the daily specials and wines written on it. The wood floors and dark lighting make the restaurant feel intimate but lively at the same time.

I was really excited about the drink menu with some specialty Martinis and a great wine list. I understand that it was a Saturday night but it must have been at least 10 minutes until our drink order was taken and another 10 after that until we got our drinks. 20 minutes to get a drink is pretty unacceptable even on a busy Saturday night. However the drinks were great! I had the Mexican martini and it was awesome, super flavorful and not too strong. My friends got the champagne and fruit drink and really liked it as well.

For food, we decided a cheese plate and five tapas. When we ordered the waitress (who was not very friendly) informed us they were out of 3 of the 5 tapas we were planning on ordering and out of 5 items total. There are about 15-18 tapas to choose from so being out of 5 is kind of crappy. Since we couldn't get the shark bites, crab legs, or Korean ribs we decided on the bacon wrapped dates, deviled eggs, pork belly nachos, chicken, and salmon tartare. We ordered two first and then three after the first plates arrived. The food was slow to get there and our waitress didn't stop back after she dropped off the first few plates, so it was awhile before we got to order the last three. BUT the food rocked! I would love to come back and try more of the items on the menu. Everything was really flavorful and unique. SUCH a bummer the service wasn't better because this would have been at least a 4 if not a 5 star rating.

We got dessert as well, the chocolate fondue, and it actually came out quickly. The restaurant was nice enough to bring a separate chocolate for me to dip just the fruit in (fondue comes with little cookies as well that I would assume are not gluten free). 

Overall, awesome atmosphere and food but poor service. Hoping the service was just a fluke and we will have an awesome experience next time!
Got a chance to try out mgm newest restaurant. Nicely decorated intimate place. Intercontinental Menu is on a one sheet, with small plates for sharing, and the big plates for main course. There's only a few pasta dishes in the "small plate" section. The big plate are all meat and fish.

Food was good, service was great. 
2 cocktail, 3 small plates, 2 big plates $160.
The shrimp risotto was amazing!! The lamb is perfect! We ate here on Christmas Eve and everything was so Delish! Try the angus sliders with Bleu cheese and sunny side up quail eggs, very yummy! The overall atmosphere inside Crush at MGM is classy, garden chic. With the green tones, rocks and trees inside the restaurant, Crush is both comfortable and impressive. The menu is gluten-free too!
Our Server was friendly and helpful...Next time we will try the dessert! 

2 Appetizers, 2 Entrees 
$110
We had dinner reservations at Crush for Christmas. It's the restaurant that took over the space where Nobhill used to be. It had big shoes to fill, but we were hopeful since it's owned by Michael Morton who is also the co-founder N9NE at the Palms. The restaurant has a rustic chic garden feel. It wasn't too busy on Christmas eve, despite other restaurants being quite crowded. We had a booth in back after asking not to be seated at the high-top bar tables near the entry. 

They offered a nice blend of cocktails, wines and beers. We had Kronenbourg Blanc ($9) and Oro di Milano Riserva ($14), on the pricey side, but I appreciated the rare selections. The menu follows the current trend of small plates and specialty pizzas with a few large plate selections for those who prefer the old school way of dining. We started with the ricotta gnocchi with braised short rib ($16). It's offered as a small plate, but we shared as an appetizer. It's hardly enough for two, but quite enjoyable. The shortrib was rich and decadent. The gnocchi was tender and light, though it had less ricotta flavor than anticipated. 

We each ordered large plates for our entrees. My husband chose the Lamb Sirloin with Brussels Sprouts ($38) and I had the Seabass with Kale ($34). Large plate portions are not for hearty appetites but definitely an upgrade from the small plates. He really enjoyed the Brussels sprouts, and the lamb was tender and cooked medium rare as requested, but there was a flavor that was off putting. He barely touched it. The waiter took notice and offered something else from the menu. After some urging, he chose the wild mushroom pizza ($16). 

The pizza was pretty darn good. The crust was nice and crisp, the fontina was creamy and paired well with the earthiness of the mushrooms. 

My seabass and kale was prepared and served in parchment paper. It was topped with a tomato chutney. The flavors were good, but the texture overall was one note; mushy. It would've been better with some crunch. I tend to prefer fish with a nice sear. 

While dinner might not have been top notch the staff was very accomodating. They went out of their way to be sure we were satisfied. I give them props. They sent out a complimentarty Nutella Crunch dessert for the trouble. Hazelnuts and nutella are a match made in heaven. The dessert did not disappoint. 

Crush has only been open a few weeks so they may hit their stride given more time.
Went here for NYE with my wife and 2 friends.

I wouldn't call it a tapas place, but they do have a lot of appetizers. I had the very tasty shrimp risotto and short rib steak. My wife had the meatball appetizer which was pretty huge and the short rib appetizer which was also good. They had a well priced wine list and a separate vegan menu.
I went to Crush for NYE and given the occasion it was fairly priced. The waiter was superfriendly and accommodating of all our requests. Unfortunately,  the  hors d'oeuvre, shimp risotto, was a bit al dente. But, everything else was exquisite. I would definitely revisit this place.
Crush was a fantastic place to get a group dinner. They had very unique one of a kind dishes that could accommodate the tastes of everyone at our table including the vegetarians. The drink "Punch Drunk Love" is fantastic, sweet, and light. The pizza was only okay, but everything else was quite wonderful.
After walking through the crush of people in the MGM Grand, you arrive at Crush, a relatively small restaurant located off the casino floor of the hotel/resort. What a lovely, peaceful space it is. You are presented with the opportunity to try many dishes, thanks to the tapas style menu. But there is nothing Spanish about the menu; it is "anything goes" like so much of Vegas. The Hamachi plate is especially good. The veal bolognese is just the right amount of filling. The hazelnut dessert seems large enough to share, until you taste it and then you don't want to share it with anybody! The wine list is cushioned with surprises and a solid foundation of wines. 
The bar itself is a busy space, not quite comfortable seating at the bar itself, but the back room, with its curved, brick ceiling makes up for all that. Our server was knowledgeable and courteous.
Came here with daddy and Julez after a day of roaming around.  Honestly, the place seems nice but none of the dish were memorable

A+: Service - everyone was very attentive and stylish :)

B- : Grilled chicken pizza - eh, it's pizza, like I said, nothing memorable, it was more on the soggy side, chicken was a little dry

C: CA Sea Bass - I think it's my fault because I didn't read the menu thoroughly but I didn't care for the tomato taste.  On the other hand, dad really enjoyed it, said the fish was cooked just right

A: Ricotta Gnocchi - So tender, fell apart in your mouth, best dish of the night

I feel like this place have potential, we ordered a lot drinks, not the best cosmo I ever had but whateves.  I feel like with all the restaurants in Vegas, I probably will not be returning here.
Expensive, but well worth it!!  Food fantastic, service fantastic.
Had an awesome meal at crush. All dishes were great especially the gnocchi, scallops and the imported beer! Definitely be back! Oh and the girls loved the swing at the front!
Great food, great service, great time!  Food was unbelievable, especially mushroom pizza and gnocchi.  Chrissy was our waitress - helpful, attentive and on top of everything!  Dinner and Drinks were well made with terrific ambience.  Worth it - Will be back for more!
Good sliders. ... Roasted Cornish hen pretty tasty.

This is a fairly new establishment inside the MGM Grand. Good place for group dinner so you can order a variety of dishes to share dishes. Overall ambiance is dim/dark and provides an intimate setting. Of the three pizzas we ordered for the group, the wild mushroom pizza had the fontina cheese and stood out as the best. The angus mini sliders are juicy and were cooked medium rare. Half roasted chicken were also juicy and moist.
Situated where Nobhill used to be is a new Michael Morton tapas joint. I immediately noticed the decor, I kinda felt like I was at winery in Napa. White washed wood covers from the floor to the ceiling, candles lit on the borders of the ceiling, the tables and chairs made to feel like a sleek outside dining experience. 

Our server was quick to get our drink orders. They had a pretty decent hand crafted cocktail menu. The one that caught our eye was the Punch, Drunk, Love: mint infused Hendricks Gin, Lillet Rose, Fresh Watermelon Juice and Fresh Lime Juice. I suggest if you are going to have more than one drink (trust me, it's delicious, you will want more than one) you should share the family style, it comes in a carafe. 

Sticking to the idea of shared plates, we decided against doing an entree and just ordered a bunch of the tapas. 

Roasted Cauliflower appetizer-this was good, maybe a little heavy on the red  wine vinegar, I wish we would've tried the Cauliflower Mash instead. 

Sea Scallop Benny-Sunny side quail egg, chorizo and chipotle hollandaise. This was excellent. The flavors were very unique.

Octupus Ceviche- Grapefruit, Pickled Jalepenos. This was pretty good, I think I liked the Taro Chips more than the ceviche though.

Ricotta Gnocchi- Braised Short Rib and Pea Puree. Awesome. It's no wonder this is one of their signature dishes. The short ribs were so tender. Get it.

Littleneck Clams- Coconut Chili Broth. These were good, the broth was a little salty for me, but thankfully the coconut did mellow out the salt. Ask for an extra piece of bread to dip into the broth. 

This place is a little pricey, comparable to La Cave. The tapas are definately not sharable for more than two people.  Everything was pretty good, including the service. They also have a vegan menu.
Mostly small plates, but all food we had was excellent.  Service was also top notch, and the restaurant had a very trend ambiance.  We will certainly be back.  Great place to stop before or after a show.
Came here for Valentine's Day!  YES, I am a little behind on my reviews LOL.

Very cool, trendy looking restaurant with romantic lighting.  Tapas sizes, so you get to try a bit of everything!

The reason why I came here :

Sea Scallop Benny ($18): Quail Egg, Chorizo & Chipotle Hollandaise. This was EXCELLENT and even better than expected! I really liked the subtle spice to the dish as well.  Recommended!

Ricotta Gnocchi ($16): Braised Short Rib & Pea Puree. This was also delicious! I really enjoyed the short rib and gnocchi combination. The ricotta breaks down the "beefy" flavor and creates a more CREAMY consistency. Great!

Salt & Pepper Frites ($9): Garlic Aioli & Romesco Dipping Sauce. I LOVE garlic aioli and french fries even more! Of course this was delicious lol.

Hamachi ($15): Yellowtail, Cucumber, Yuzu Vinaigrette & Chili Threads. This was great, with good quality hamachi and a non-overpowering yuzu flavor.

Angus Mini Burgers ($15): Buttermilk Blue Cheese, Balsamic Onion & Fried Quail Egg. I enjoyed the Blue Cheese burger best personally. All cooked to medium-medium well though, so a bit over for my tastes.

And to finish, the Nutella Squeeze Ice Cream Sandwich ($9): Chocolate Whipped Cream, Nutella Cream & Carmelized Hazelnut. You already know this was good! Just do it already :P

Great place for date night, and one of the better priced spots in MGM, bang for your buck wise!  Check it out :)
The ambience and service are wonderfully hospitable and inviting. The menu has just enough items to tempt your palate but not too many that make you crazy trying to decide. The 28oz bone in ribeye was Overcooked and that the top 1% of prime meat. It was good but it was not great. The bone in ribeye at delmonico, cut, and Ruth's Chris are all way tastier and if higher quality. The 32oz need short rib was very tasty with a pepper crust that made the dish. The mixed salad with prosciutto was delightful. The creamed spinach lacked flavor and the pizza was undercooked and soggy. The Nutella squeeze dessert was just ok lacking something I just can't identify. Overall, it was a nice place to dine, however with so many better options I will not be returning but I would recommend you give it a try.
So our waitress..... attitude of the server can make or break the experience.   She never came to our table to see if we needed more water or if everything was ok.   When she poured our drinks, passed the food out, she was banging everything with an "I could care less" attitude.  

And to say the least my friend ordered the scallop crudo.   HILARIOUS, me and all my friends literally busted out laughing because it was the tiniest tapa we have ever seen.   We thought it was a sad joke.   It was literally 1 scallop the size of a quarter sliced thinly with the same amount of radish thinly sliced as well.   I ordered the octopus cerviche.   Everything tasted the same because everything had lime in it.   But I enjoyed my taro chips that came with my octopus cerviche more than the octopus cerviche itself.
We ate here for dinner and there were three of us. We sat in the bar area. There are no TVs in the bar so do not expect to watch any games in this location

I had an arugula salad and a mushroom style pizza.

The prices were reasonable considering the amount of food that you received. The personal pizza is approximately 13 inches long by about 6 inches wide.   Very thin crust.

They have a pretty good beer selection with some standard IPAs.  I enjoyed my dogfish 90 minute IPA
In all honesty, with the plethora of great places to eat inside the MGM, this was literally our last resort: The Mayweather match was happening that night and all the other sit down restaurants were totally booked up. Unless it's my only option again, I doubt I'll be back.

But let me be clear: Everything about the place except for the food was great . It's a beautiful restaurant with a lovely ambiance. We sat near the back and the server was EXCEPTIONAL, being very attentive to our table and helpful with the ordering process. Even the gentleman refilling my water was careful to make sure my cup never went empty and I drink a looooot of water. But the food. Meh. "Tapas" portions but not really. The shrimp in the shrimp risotto was too salty to even consume. The filet was pretty decent but "pretty decent" in Vegas isn't really saying much...

I do have to commend them, however, for having a seperate menu for those with food  restrictions (vegan, vegetarian, dairy free, gluten free and shellfish/seafood free) which you can find here: https://www.mgmgrand.com/pdf/crush_vegan_menu.pdf
My husband and I had a really good experience at Crush. We ordered the date & artichoke pizza and a kale/mushroom salad for starters. The pizza was different and tasty (I can't remember ever seeing a date on a pizza before) and my husband, who is vegetarian, could not get enough of the salad. Also my husband was SO EXCITED because they carried Innis & Gunn beer and he hadn't seen it in the States before. I had a glass of Chard. I thought it was pretty terrible but I'm not one to complain about wines so I sipped it twice before my husband asked me if I liked it. I told him I didn't so he tried it. He thought it had gone bad so he asked the waitress to replace it with a different one. She was very kind about it and the new glass was quite nice. For entree I had the shrimp risotto and my husband had the roasted cauliflower. Both were great. We ended the meal with an odd sort of chocolate dessert with mangoes. It wasn't my favorite dessert ever but small enough that we still managed to finish it off easily. The waitress was great and attentive. It had a very European feel inside. You quickly forget that you are just inside a casino!
Crush is a great new restaurant at MGM... On my recent visit, service was spot on, and the food was fantastic. Our large group ordered many different tapas, and all of them were universally enjoyed

Some of the "small plates" are larger than others, but if you eat alot and don't want to break the bank ordering 10 tapas, go with their regular size entrees
Recommneded by my concierge we gave this restaurant a try since we were headed to KA right next door. What a great little hidden gem, You  have no idea how large or the ambience of this place from the front and we were walked back into a real treat! Due to our large party size they set us up in one of there private dining areas, good thing for this loud group. They were so attentive to us and got this large, sometimes hard to wrangle group out on time for the show, even with some split checks. The scallops with quail egg were so good! They did forget our carrots and green beans we added on, but probably a good thing - as we were stuffed. (never checked to see if they made it to the bill, I will have to trust them on that one;)) the wine list had some reasonable options-even for non- Vegas standards! 
there was a slight issue with the bartender not having any idea what type of beers he had on tap, I mean there were only like 5, he could have educated himself to know if they were at least an IPA, lager, etc. Was a bit pricey for some of the small plates sizes, but the service was so excellent,  I will be back to this one!
Totally mediocre. I went on a Saturday night, so they should have been at the top of their game. Based on reviews, I was expecting something wonderful. I had the caesar salad which was delicious except for the pretzel croutons which were too tough to chew. Then I had the shrimp risotto. Only three little shrimp! The shrimp were good but the risotto was not. It was cold and the sauce tasted like Chef Boy'rD. My friend's broccoli side order was not put in right away so it came after the meal. It was tasty but it was strange to eat it like a dessert. 

There were lots of servers standing around talking to each other. They seemed bored, waiting for food to come out of the kitchen. I asked for a napkin because I didn't have one at my place setting and it took a long time to come. I should have just grabbed one from the next table.  

Anyway, I was so annoyed by the whole experience that I used my phone while we were waiting for broccoli to make a reservation at another restaurant for the next day.

The ambiance is nice, quiet enough to have a conversation. Oddly, there is a TV in the dining area but not in the bar.

Maybe the pizza would have been better. I saw some at another table and it looked good. But with so many restaurants in Vegas, you can do better.
Great food...awesome coffee...we hung out there for hours. We've become regulars. Can't stay away. Love it breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
I have to give a high five to the dinner chef, she has great skills. She made my filet mignon to a perfection that should or would otherwise find at a high end steak house.
Came here allllll the way from Orange County California to visit I family! (7hour drive ) and I must say hands downthis is my favorite place in Phoenix! Ambiance , food and entertainment are the best! Must try the the champagne , asparagus and shrimp tapas.  The chef is absolutely THEEEEE BEST. Also came her for coffee ordered a hazelnut latte wonderful.  Matador was good toooo best place DEFINITE GEM.
I learned about something new today. I was at the new Lola Coffee Bar at the Yard on 7th Street. They sell Kopi Luwak for $15 a cup. What is Kopi Luwak you ask? Kopi Luwak or civet coffee, refers to the seeds of coffee berries once they have been eaten and egested by the Asian palm civet. They harvest the coffee beans from the fecal matter of the civet (an asian big cat) and .... I stopped listening after hearing that and worked really hard not to laugh at Walter, the very nice and serious manager of Lola Coffee. He says its a delicacy people are willing to pay for. If you're interested he said to ask for the cat coffee. Good luck!  The new Lola Coffee at the Yard is very nice. They have some cool trendy coffees and machines (cold drip coffee anyone) that look very 50's sci-fi movie. The have tapas at night and a wine bar.  The decor is lovely and I look forward to making this a regular on my coffee rotation.
This little place nestled in to The Yard is awesome! The owner/ manager (not sure which) was so nice and friendly, he even brought over some Kopi Luwak for us to try for my Birthday.  I would definitely recommend this place. The food was great! The staff was so nice. Not a bad thing to say.
The location is beautiful. Everything about the decor and architecture is absolutely amazing. The service, not so much. Somewhat rude to customers about requests. Can't say that I'm a fan of the service but I would definitely try again hoping for a friendlier experience.
Fun laid back atmosphere with great coffee and a really solid menu for foo items. The baked goods are a little lacking and overprice hit otherwise, it's a nice little spot. I prefer the downtown location more but this is definitely a place of choice if I am in the area.
First let me say I am a fan of Spanish Tapas! Second let me say I was a HUGE fan of Lola's Tapas in the old location on Camelback.  Lola's was always loud, always chaotic, always fun and always expensive.  But the energy, the Spanish wine, excellent Tapas and quirky vibe was well worth it and made for a great night out!

Parking = nightmare as it is every time you go to the Yard.

The space is FAN-EFFING-TASTIC!  All of the coffee accoutrement is exciting!  We loved the atmosphere, the finishes, and the tremendous energy of all the people playing Ping-Pong, and all of the games out in the yard.  However... there were only three tables with people, including us.  So the vibe was off with the disparity between the two worlds. 

The staff was nice, not very up on the menu and a bit inconvenienced by us and/or they were so new they didn't realize that customers are a good thing?  I still can't decide... 

After we ordered Walter came by and introduced himself.  I found out a few days later he is one of the owners.   

I have to say I was put off by several of the things he was telling us.  

1. They haven't started advertising.

Explains the customer situation - almost a month after opening.

2. They are getting rid of the Spanish wines in favor of California wines.  

I asked " Are you trying to make the wine more approachable?" to which he fumbled a halfhearted yes.  My instinct is that maybe Walter does not like or understand Spanish wine and does like California wine.  Maybe it is just me... but if you take away the second most important thing about a Tapas bar - the Spanish wine - you can't expect to survive as a Spanish Tapas Bar for very long.  I suggested he add a few more Cava to the menu - I don't think my suggestion went far based on his lack of enthusiasm as the conversation shifted to: 

3. They are changing the menu and removing some of the Tapas and adding Paella.  

Now... I LOVE Paella.  Between my friends and I we have two or three 36-48 inch Paella pans with the grills to cooks them with and a half dozen of the smaller Paella pans. Walter was kind enough to wait while I searched for an old picture of me cooking a 48 inch Paella - so it was off putting when Walter asked me what my favorite Paella was and I told him rabbit and he stood there with his mouth agape.  He said they were going to have vegetable, chicken or seafood Paella. Ok.  

Just a suggestion but has to be REALLY good - because mediocre Paella is horrible.  Not that it can't work or be a great addition, but had better be really, really good.

Now to the food:  We ordered the Shrimp, the Steak, the Jamon and Cheese tray and a glass of the one and only Cava.  

The Cava was good, ok quality = B-

The Jamon and Cheese tray - had some lovely dates, Jamon was nice but cold like it just came out of the refrigerator instead of being hand sliced at room temp.  The Cheese was ok and the Marcona almonds were fine = C

The Steak arrived on a regular plate - not the traditional Tapas clay dish.  The steak was thin, of poor quality, overcooked and luke-warm.  The plate was cold and hence why the steak was not hot.  The steak didn't have the cumin like at the old Lola's - instead it came with a blue cheese crumble on top, needed salt and pepper = D

The Shrimp also arrived on a regular plate that wasn't heated.  The first few were great, reminiscent of the old Lola's flavor and pizzazz.  Then, because the plate was so cold the shrimp cooled quickly and lost their pizzazz.  Started out as an A and quickly cooled/congealed to a C

I sat there basking in the romantic wine soaked memories of the old Lola's - all of the chaotic energy, bumping into people, yelling over the music, laughing, spilling wine on someone and buying them a new glass as an apology, reaching for that last olive, anxiously waiving down the rushing waiters furiously trying to keep up with the second or fourth round of orders of the shrimp and wine, striking up conversation with the people next to you...  With this excellent space, all of the new coffee equipment, all of the frenetic energy of the Yard Lola's Tapas should be a huge hit.  I sat there willing it to be better, to match the quality of the space, the quality of the coffee equipment the quality of my memories.

I truly hope they don't get rid of the Spanish wine or Tapas.  I hope that they go full Spanish traditional with the clay tapas pots piping hot (just a suggestion).  I hope they add more Tapas like the Croquets con Papas y Jamon, Roast Suckling Pig, Spanish honey with Manchego or Mussels with Cava and Chorizo, Fideos with Chorizo.  I hope they add more Cava, and/or more... dare I say it... Spanish wine.

We will give the time.  The Lola's of old deserves the chance to be reborn in this amazing space.
I am SO glad these guys are back in all their glory. They are PERFECTLY located on my way to work for coffee and I've indulged several times already. You can never go wrong with their espresso as it is nicely balanced: not too mild, not too bold. 

I came back the other night to try their tapas. Their filet was a delicious as I remember it. Tender and juicy with their bleu cheese butter....SO damn good. You can run up a bill pretty quickly, the filet and two glasses of wine ran over $50 but it was worth it. Not something I can do all the time, but I AM still waiting for my grade in Public Affairs research, so I hopefully will be treating myself again...soon!

The atmosphere is nice enough but the fluorescent lighting from the kitchen area spills over to the rest of the venue which doesn't make for the most pleasant atmosphere. It would be nice to have a little more ambient light in the bar area, perhaps some candles. It's VERY nice space, they just need to figure out the lighting.

I haven't tried their sangria yet but I hope it's like it was at the old place with the "crack" berries. Anyway, I'm glad they're back and I look forward to being a regular.
Great ambiance and decor. I came here for breakfast hoping to find a good cup of coffee, something to eat and wifi to do some work on my laptop. They did not disappoint in that respect. Great cafe latte, they had wifi and my egg white omelette was edible - and I'll stop at that. The word palatable or delicious would only be used to describe the herbed potatoes (come with the omelets) if a gun was put to my head. In fairness, not much you can do with potatoes if you choose to serve them. But that's the point, don't come here for a delicious breakfast.  Some people "do breakfast" and don't really focus on decor or ambiance; this place is about the latter, not the former. 

Lola apparently also just opened as the cashier and cook both responded to questions with "I'm new here."  Why would I be talking to the cook at a restaurant you're thinking? Well, I was given a number tab by the cashier which would ordinarily cause one to believe his or her food/drink/order would be brought to him or her. Nope. After about 5 minutes the cashier brings me my latte and says, "It's been ready for pick up at the counter." As I look at the tab I think, "Why did you give me this then? " A few minutes later, the cook yells out, "Number 2 is ready." That's my cue I guess. The tab was apparently in case I forgot my number. When I asked the cook for a knife and fork to eat the food is when he explains "He's New" and has no clue. The cashier points me to the plastic knives and forks on the counter.  As I walk my food to my seat, I pass a station where silverware is rolled in a napkin so I grab that and leave the plastic for the more adventurous.
food wise it would be a 2.5 - 3 at the most, but the place and the coffee made it up for the 4th star.

Let me start with the food. If you've never eaten authentic Spanish dishes, you'll be pleased. Otherwise you'll be disappointed. 

The olives were good. 

The shrimp dish (gambas al pil pil) was also decent.

The traditional paella was good but more a risotto than a paella. Too creamy, different kind of rice (at least the texture is different) but the saffron hint and the chorizo were tasteful.

The tortilla was ok. A little burn and dry but pretty decent.

The wine selection is limited and most of the wines are NOT Spanish, AYFKM? They had one Rivera del Duero and one Rioja. Come on, you have a Spanish themed place and no Spanish wine?

Now the coffee. I tried the cold brew and the kopi luwak. Both pretty good. The coffee paraphernalia is also worth the visit! If you are caffeine sensitive, this might not be for you.

I didn't check if in the menu they include "cafe bombon", a Spanish classic. I'll go back to verify that and if not, at least to get good coffee!

Cheers
Service is pretty horrendous if I might say so myself.  The only thing giving this a 1 star is the decor and the manager that I will talk about later in my review.


Definitely Not a fan of the girl working on 5/24 at 11 being a bit to touchy feely with my boyfriend sitting next to me and calling him baby and sweetheart all night(in which he knew and plenty of other people I told about her actions knew why I would be livid). That is the reason for the 1 star mostly along with the burnt slider she probably told the chefs to burn on purpose. The fact I have to get up and help myself to my own water since she failed to ask me at one point after I finished my first glass of water if I needed anything else or different. The manager (I think) helped me more than she did and directed me to where I needed to go; since she is obviously a horrid customer service employee not noticing that if I empty out of glass and not ask if I needed anything further is a tad annoying. Asking once if I need anything isn't enough if you are a server/waiter/bartender.  But apparently in her eyes it's okay to just care about the a girls boyfriend and pissing off girlfriends at this bar.

The sliders were not really pleasant  and i had been drinking too so you think they would be more than tolerable but good god they were so charred. Nothing I would reorder unless they didn't burn the burger so much. The bacon made the whole sliders were the only thing keeping me from not touching it completely.

Will I be back? Maybe if they got rid of the bartender touchy feely lady that got me all riled up.  If she is there next time i can promise you that management will be notified at that point if she starts being her inappropriate self. I'm severely tempted to write a letter of complaint to the company if they don't read these since I have never felt so disgusted in my whole entire life going to a restaurant/bar.  Being Disrespected in the slightest is what i have no tolerance for what so ever and she crossed every possible line and worse by not even asking me at one point if  I would like one thing after I finished my first glass of water.  

When i was going to pay for our tab and my boyfriend hurried so he could sneak in her undeserved tip and our balance she had no idea that we were even on the same tab since I apparently wasn't allowed to order anything for myself.

I literally felt like this was some kind of joke like I should have been on one of those shows like Restaurant stakeout.

*threatened by kindness and spunk to my boyfriend alone. Not to me. When you come to a restaurant you would hope for consistent service not once at the beginning. That's like getting seated at a restaurant and not getting any service afterwards. I love how people want to say that I am wrong and not making a factual speculation. Good god people.
I love this space, the ambiance, the long table, the bar overlooking The Yard where people drink and play in the evenings. 
So 5 stars for the space and coffee
4.5  stars for food. Beer could be a bit less expensive...
I love coming here, but I hate the fact that most of the time you need to use valet parking.
Restaurant week 5/25
We had a choice of $30 or $40 with wine
We aren't big wine drinkers so we went with the $30 which is also a 3 course meal
Started with a BLT toast it was amazing my partner and I wanted seconds lol 2nd course was a kale chicken salad I must say it was very good the cranberries toasted almonds and maple vinaigrette really made the salad then lastly we got a seafood paella it was incredible right amount of spice and seasoning definitely will be dining here again are waiter/bartender was great really catered are table. The chef was a one man show and it seemed pretty busy. The decor and lightning really set the tone really great place for date, family, and friends.
I love Lola's.  I always sit at the bar and now that they have installed a big screen tv it's the perfect spot to have a couple drinks watch whatever sporting event is going on - currently the NBA playoffs. They had no problem turning up the sound when I asked. I haven't tried a ton of things off the menu but the spinch salad was terrific and the steak was cooked to perfection.  All of the staff are very attentive and personable. It's located inside The Yard on 7th street and although parking on your own is a pain, the valet staff is great and I've never had to wait long no matter how busy they are when I was coming or going.  The atmosphere inside is packed full of energy and fun!  The cherry on top for me and why I continue to sit at the bar instead of being seated is the energetic, always smiling and quick to accomodate bartendar Jordan! She is a delight and whether it's a beer, mixed drink, or bloody mary she makes sure it's just right before she puts it in front of you.  I can't wait for football season - I'll have a new spot to watch the games :)
Just went to Lola's and had a good experience. The shrimp ($18) was enough for 2. We also had an order of the asparagus ($8) shared and we each had a glass of sangria. The sangria did have fruit . Our server, Grady, was friendly and checked on us several times. Fun, noisy place for light dinner!
So far, I've only ben for breakfast, but I loved it!
1. It's at the Yard, which is really fun and a great location.
2. They have fancy coffee and tea drinks made by people who really love coffee and tea.
3. Delicious pastries, but also some healthier options like oatmeal and a quinoa bake.
4. The ambiance inside the actual restaurant is hip/industrial.
Go there. Eat there. Get coffee. Drink. Hang out. You'll love it.
Love. Love. Love this place!
Great service! Great environment! Great coffee, sangria and tapas!  Great date place! I could go on and on.
Also, the owner engages with the guests... I like when owners do this, it makes me feel important.
The coffee is inconsistent- not necessarily  bad mind you, just inconsistent. Depending on your barista it can vary from good  (man with salt and pepper goatee) to terrible, strong to weak, acidic and burned tasting to decent. The seating is bizarre, and outlets are sparse. Its not a good place for a meeting, might be ok for a date. 

Dont buy alcohol here because their liquor license wont let you take it to the games, buy from the culinary drop out instead (confusing since they all seem connected). 

One more note: this place is CRAZY HOT in the summer. Really inadequate ac for phoenix. I mentioned it to a sweating waitress (who agreed) but nothing changed. I mentioned the heat to a guy who seemed to be a manager who just opened one of their cool garage doors- if anything changed it was hotter. 

I havent tried much of the food, mostly coffee shop pastries. The bagels are a great deal, scones were dry and muffins were nothing to write home about.
This location is a real step down from its predecessor. The first time I went it was a few days after opening. I ordered a cinnamon roll. Although warm, this pastry was rock hard and tasted as if it had been made with of garlic and then had been dipped in olive oil. The hot chocolate was adequate. When I went to the original Lola it was a hot Arizona day and I desperately  needed a refreshing beverage. When you walk inside you instantly smell the delicious scent of coffee beans. I ordered a lemonade. It was lemony and tart and cold and sweet and defiantly refreshing. It was everything you could ask from a glass of lemonade and more. But the yards Lola is such a disappointment. Their lemonade tastes like a watered down, too sweet, processed minute maid beverage. It's almost impossible to compare the two.
We came to Lola's tapas for the first time a while ago, when the weather was still nice : ) (Around April)
At first I was not so sure, but then I loved the concept. Small menu, great service, fun environment. Daniel H was our server and he was outstanding.
We met some good friends that we had not seen in a while (one of them from out of town) and we spent the whole evening here... 
Do you know how is like when you are catching up and you stay a little longer, and then the staff starts giving you 'the eye'?
Well, here they did not give us 'the eye', they gave us a dessert to share! since they noticed we were catching up and we were done with our dinner, check paid and everything. Some other places don't even refill your drink and here we got a dessert? This is a place where they really know how to sets themselves apart.

Way to go!
Great food and great atmosphere. Like the simplistic of the entrees and appetizers. Must try 30 hours Sous Vide Berkshire Pork Belly!!! Unexpected flavor combos that taste amazing! If your big fan of kimchi try "Kimchi Pasta with Smoked Mackerel" Nice selection of beers as well. Well done!!!
I would say this place is very nice, and the customer service is top notch. They have the best Tapas that I had in long time, the owner Ryan is great. He is very friendly. I would suggest this place to any one who is looking for good tapas and chill and drink beer and wine. I will be returning soon here.
Not my type of eatery but the food and service was absolutely amazing.  Each dish ( shrimp rock, three beef combo, black noodles) oozed with flavor and was unique. Even the chicken wings tasted interesting.  I'm by no means a meat specialist, but the one I ate here was one of the best I've ever had.  Wish this place had more stuff for the kids.   Overall A ++++
Located across the Charleston campus, Moko is a contemporary tapas restaurant with a few unique Korean-inspired selections. I thought the concept was intriguing but to be frank, I didn't know what to expect. Kimchee tacos maybe? The cross-culture tapas menu is definitely trending these days so needless to say, I was excited to try it out. As soon as you walk in, there's a bar at the corner, which is nice because I don't recall any bars in the area. If you attend CSN or happen to be around the area and need a quick fixer, this seems like a good location. I mean they have Fat Tire on tap, which is awesome and my favorite :) Because it was a soft opening, I had a chance to chat with the chef, who used to work at a restaurant at the Wynn. Like most tapas menu, it is inspired to feature 'socialize food' that is best suited with wine or a beer. With that being said, let's get to the food!

For the most part, you can find what you would expect from a regular tapas restaurant, with chicken wings or veggie choices, so it's really not that unusual. However, there are a few unique ones such as the Beef Tataki that comes with a homemade Moko sauce, which is seriously addictive. Highly recommend! My favorite, and probably the best example for the Korean-inspired dish, is the Black Bean Noodles, which is called Jjajangmyun. It's pretty simple, just egg, noodles and black bean sauce but it was one of the best I've had. I liked the menu because it had selections that's unique such as the Beef Tataki and others that's more filling like the Black Bean Noodles.

As for price, I thought it was fair considering the quality of the dish. However, if you're really hungry, the bill can stack up, but that's pretty much a given in any tapas restaurant! They are aiming to create a more experiential and enjoyable atmosphere, which I can totally get, just give me a glass of wine! :) It's a great place to swing by after work or to have a drink with someone that is slightly more intimate than usual, especially in its proximity. All in all, I was very impressed by the overall presentation and selections. I'm excited to see how the restaurant evolves as they continue to work on their menu!
This is what a dining experience is supposed to be like:  adventurous and delicious food with impeccable service. The late hours, classy decor, and Fat Tire on tap are all just bonuses. The owner and chef taking their time to introduce themselves and discuss their restaurant are the extra above-and-beyond kicking it up to five stars.

Owner Ryan Chang is personable and friendly, full of suggestions to help navigate a menu where everything sounds like something you have to try. Opted to start with the GLASS NOODLES IN ONION SOUP ($8_, which was delicate and classic in the French style. Four thin and flavorful slices of NY Strip within the soup add just the perfect amount of flavor, making this an excellent and subtle starter dish.
Followed up with the chef's special, SHRIMP RISOTTO ($12), plated beautifully with an entire, enormous shrimp (possibly actually a prawn?) surrounded by delicate risotto with mushrooms. Again, delicious and subtle- Chef Hong's classical training is very much evident in each dish.
Lastly we went for the CHICKEN WINGS ($8 for 6), very lightly breaded and topped in a light sauce that was almost a glaze. Plated beautifully, again, and accompanied by daikon, which served almost as a palate cleanser.
Had to try dessert- Ryan recommended the special CREME BRULEE ($5), using a berry popular in Asia. I can't recall it's specific name but the taste was magical, each bite literally tasted different, with notes of sweet, then bitter, sour and a touch salty throughout the dining experience. Truly an adventurous dish.

Following our dessert, Chef Hong came out to introduce himself and ask how his dishes were received- overwhelmingly positive experience! Owner made the effort to learn our names over our visit and escorted us out the door when we left.
Stellar service and phenomenal food. So glad we live so close, we will be making this a regular date night dining stop. Already planning which dishes we want to try next!
Review is a little more towards 4.5 stars for me~

Items sampled were 30 Hour Sous Vide Berkshire Pork Belly, Black Bean Sauce Noodle, Beef Tataki, Chicken Pottage, and Spicy Chicken Thigh, in that order.

Moko is the newest take on Modern Asian Fusion, though in this case it is a twist on Korean food. I haven't sampled much fusion Korean, but this first foray had some excellent flavors and the execution of each dish was spot on.

My personal favorite was the Pork Belly - it was tender, but the fat from the pork belly was not too powerful like in some variations. While the portion is quite small for a 13 dollar price point, the tastes are top notch. In my How Korean Is It scale (HKII), I'd say it was a 5/10. Bonus points for the little roasted veggies and the underlying mung bean crepe. This could be served at any high-end restaurant, as far as I'm concerned.

The Black Bean Noodle was another excellent tasting dish, though this one was more in line with its roots. I'd say it's like an HKII 8/10. I was slurping up all the sauce afterwards too. This one is a little heartier than some of the meat-only dishes.

Next followed the Beef Tataki which had some very tender and moist slices of high quality meat. This one wasn't particularly memorable to me for some reason, but everything about it tasted great and the presentation was good too. HKII 6/10.

The Chicken Thigh was probably where I had the most to be picky about - Don't get me wrong, it's an excellent piece of chicken thigh, cooked to be moist and tender and the sauce is quite tasty. It just lacked some substance - maybe a breading or if it was served with a tiny bit of starch or veggies even. The sauce puts this at HKII 4/10.

I enjoyed the Chicken Pottage quite a bit - it was the heartiest and most filling dish of the evening and had some very good flavor to it. Even for a porridge, it looked impressive to me visually. I don't remember the last time I had Samgyetang so I can't really judge on How Korean It Is... But my guess would have been like a 6/10. 

I would definitely tell a person going here not to expect traditional Korean food but a modern take on fusion. I'm looking forward to trying out some more of the flavors here as a lot of them were nuanced and complex, compared to your typical Korean dishes.

While I felt my meal was very satisfying to my taste buds, I did feel like I wanted more - now given I was sharing with two other people we could have certainly tried some more but we decided to save it for the next trip. If there was one thing I could suggest for the menu, I'd like some more heartier options (almost like a filler!) Moko is a Tapas bar, and Tapas often means you always have the option of paella and such, so having like a shared bowl of "modern" bibimbap or something might be a fun twist on that idea.

Price adds up here, but not so much more than a typical tapas place with a very high quality. I felt the effort put into each dish, and the plating pictures on the Yelp are not dolled up at all. Big props to the chef for that and I hope the quality remains!
First off, upon walking in, the decor is warm and modern.  Although they are adding the finishing touches.  Bar area looks nice and inviting.  
On to the food...
Sampled quite a few dishes
Chicken pottage
10 hour pork belly
30 hour sous vide Berkshire pork
Braised short rib
Smoked mackerel pasta
Huge prawn risotto 
Cold cucumber soup 
Black bean noodoohs "jajangmyun"
Hamachi/salmon sashimi 
And creme brle to top it all off.

All plates were visually appealing and tantalizing to the tastebuds.  Not your typical "Korean" BBQ place.
The cuisine is not a feeble attempt at another Asian fusion joint.  Chef Hong is executing a twist on Korean with a sophisticated palate and playful combinations of flavors.  They are fine tuning the menu as the venue is breaking in but I can see the direction the food is going and it should be a bright and tasty future!

Gun Bae!
I had three thoughts running through my head as my wife and I were walking out.

1. Outfuckingstanding!!
2. I am having this, this and this next time.
3. We better come back soon because popularity is inevitable and I am going to dread when I'll have to wait 30+ minutes for a table.  I'll do it though.  

Eating at the bar was great since we were able to chat with Woosuk aka Ryan aka the owner throughout our meal.  He handles everything with Moko except for the cooking.  That's left to Chef Hong who is a goooooodddddaaaamn culinary wizard!!  That guy is a total one man show coming in at 10am daily to prep all their amazing stuff for dinner when doors open at 5pm.    

Just discussing the effort and detail Hong goes into preparing plates like the delectable beef short rib (butchering the beef himself, select bones to cook with to enhance the flavor, 3+ hours of cooking etc) was inspiring.  A well presented dish, the beefy fattiness of the short rib accompanied by crispy garlic, gratin and amazing sauce was heavenly.    Christina Perri's "A Thousand Years" was playing while I savored it all and it seemed very fitting.  

It's not often that an Asian restaurant includes a spoon for their table setting but Ryan is smart enough to know the sauce for not only the short rib but others like their "Black Bean Noodle" will/need/must be scooped up out of the bowl.  It sure looks a lot more elegant than sticking my face into it.  Genius!   

They offer Berkshire pork belly cooked for either 10 or 30(!!!) hours.  Even though the 10 hour belly is tenderer, how could I pass up 20 more hours of cooking for $1 more?  It was like nothing I'd ever had before.  The soybean paste marinade with the kimchi crepe and their homemade black raspberry marinated salt (who does that???) was exceptional. 

The grilled then chilled eggplant salad with micro greens and tomato was refreshing and flavorful.  We also got an order of the fried soy chicken wings which was like modern soul food with the unique breading and honey glaze.  There was absolutely nothing left but bones.  

I entered Moko expecting a decent meal and left having an excellent one.  There's nothing quite like this in Vegas at the moment.  Go go go!!
Went for the second time last weekend and had another great experience. Was pleasantly surprised to see that the prices went down a little! Food was excellent and prepared perfectly. I particularly enjoyed the shrimp risotto and the Surf and Turf. Stone IPA and Fat Tire on draft, pretty much you can order 5-6 dishes with a couple beers and walk out happy and satisfied
I was really impressed by this place. 
The food had very good presentation and it tasted very delicious. 
This will definitely be my new hang out spot.
The owner and chef were.very nice and attentive. 
This is the kind of place you really want to support.
Ok....Time for the "tough guy" to admit he's "met his match". I am going to have to agree with my friends Phillip T, Stefany V., and the others, and unanimously give it Five Stars!!!

All of you know that if I give 5 stars, you're not going to walk away with out being totally satisfied. This is the real thing.

I started out with the house salad. It was almost a meal in itself. Great collection of mixed greens, with a dressing that should be bottled. Great starter. 

I then ordered the Spicy Bean Salmon. Unreal!!!! Could have stopped there, but why, when we were on a roll. 

My wife ordered the Spicy Black Bean Noodle. We shared it. She said she'll be trying to make this one at home. I throughly enjoyed it. 

To top it off, my wife enjoyed the more than generous portion of Chicken Wings, pictured in one of the reviews below. It was right on par with one of the best Chicken places in Los Angeles, that makes the trip to LA worth the drive!

After wondering in a wasteland of mediocre and second rate eateries, oh to find this Oasis!!!

Here's the amazing part; the tab was actually under $30 for two. 

Ok, you guys trying to impress girls with Gourmet food, on a College Budget; this is your place. The ambiance is very good, and even though it's tapas, they dress it up with linen napkins and good flatware. 

Let's get out there and support this establishment. We sat and talked with Ryan and as Stefany will attest,  will make it his business to see you have one of the most throughly enjoyable meals at an affordable price.
Omg! The food here is amazing and delicious. If you like tapas this is definitely a place to check out. Oh and Ryan the owner is a pretty cool guy.
Will be back to try more items, but I'm sold on the ten hour pork. Don't skip out on the braised shortrib. If you like chicken wings then try the soy wings.
If you don't like mackerel I wouldn't suggest the kimchi pasta. For me it was good but not my favorite.
First fushioned Korean tapas worth coming to. I had an orgasmic time eating all these tapas. My next visit in Vegas I'll be back for another orgasm. Come one come all.
Per Philip T review...... this place is outfuckingstanding!!!! Food was awesome had an array of dishes and loved all of them. I can compare this to the high end restaurants on the strip! Yes it's that's good! I usually don't like tapas but this is exceptional. The decor is very nicely done except there are no cushions on the seats or benches that's the only complaint that I have. The service was great as well. Very nice for a date night. Restaurant is pretty small but very nice.
Frequently in LV and stumbled onto this gem.  Typically when someone says Korean fusion I think of tacos then get depressed because that has been done over and over.  To be fair they also have tacos, which I didn't like (too hard to eat and bulgogi was too sweet), but Ill forgive them because everything else was amazing!  

We started with the eggplant salad which was refreshing and a great way to start the meal, then moved into the heavy guns.  Chicken Pottage and Mackerel Pasta were my favorites, the porridge had great flavor and the poached egg added a lot of creaminess.  We also really enjoyed the Monkfish and Chicken Thigh, very delicately prepared.  I wasn't as blown away with the black bean noodle as other reviewers have noted.  Looking forward to trying the pork belly next time.

Happy eatings!
17 of us met here last night for a six course tasting menu and it was a fantastic meal!

We started with rock shrimp tempura for an hors d'oeuvre.  They were pieces of shrimp fried and coated with a chili aioli that gave them a nice tang.  Great started.

The first course was a trio of good food.  We were served house smoked yellowtail, house smoked salmon, and Korean noodles on a bed of kimchi broth jelly (some spicy and part not) with seared beef.  This was absolutely superb!  The sauces on the two smoked fish micro greens and the fish were really very tasty.
  
For the second course, we got an eggplant salad with grilled eggplant, grilled shishito pepper, micro greens, a cherub tomato and Moko dressing.  Very refreshing with wonderful flavors.

Our third course was spicy chicken thigh stuffed with kimchi and sweet potato with a sweet and spicy sauce.  I'm running out of adjectives to describe the fantastic flavors in this dish.

The fourth course was 10 hour braised Berkshire pork belly.  The pork belly was marinated in soy sauce and cooked sous vide for 10 hours.  It was served with a cherry tomato, a kimchi crpe, and black raspberry marinated sea salt.  If you look at the photos, you can see the sea salt on the plate.  Outstanding!

The fifth course was beef short rib with garlic and gratin.  The meat was so soft and had a marvelous taste.  Always, there's attention to detail in the courses of this meal.

For dessert, we had omiza crme brle.  Omiza is the fruit of an Asian tree that is used often for herbal tea.  It gave the crme brle a nice flavor.  We tried to decide what it most tasted like but there was no agreement.  

Service was outstanding.  The owner, Ryan, was a very busy guy last night but he was always gracious and explained each dish as he brought them to us.  At the end of our dinner, Chef Hong  came out of the kitchen and talked with us about his techniques and answered questions we had.  This was a great way to end an excellent meal.

What an outstanding meal!
You moko me crazy! No seriously, is this real life? Chef Hong killed it last night! You could really tell that he tasted every morsel and made sure it was exceptional before serving it.

When we dined here, we had the entire restaurant to ourselves! We were warmly welcomed and received world class service by the owner, Woosuk (Ryan). He treated us like we were old friends and he was extremely attentive and gracious. He's definitely a charming and funny character! We joked around and talked most of the night. I have never in my life have such an amazing host at a restaurant before, thank you so much Ryan! 

This style of dining caters to the food fanatic. This is not a place where you just eat, just to eat - this is the type of place where you'll want to savor with your eyes closed and let all of the ingredients dance on your tongue in perfect harmony. There is such a high level of artistry that went into each and every dish that Chef Hong put out. Seriously incredible.

We tried dishes from every section (salad, meat, soup, seafood, noodle) sadly, except for poultry and dessert. Oh how I wish my stomach was bigger! We'll just have to make an event out of those two categories the next time we come then! 

It was a privilege to taste each of these plates:

Bulgogi Beef Tacos $9 - 3 tenderloin bulgogi tacos, pear, date sauce, soy sauce, mustard aioli, lime aioli all in a thin crispy shell - The bulgogi was so freaking tender and buttery! Each little morsel melted on my tongue. I loved the super thin, delicate and crispy shell they were in. I'm a sauce junkie so the 3 dots of sauce were not enough for me! I'll have to make sure to request more of their delicious sauces the next time I come. 

10 hour Braised Berkshire Pork Belly $12 - soy sauce marinated pork belly, crisp sweet potato, silky skinned and sweet cherub tomato, Kimchi crepe, black raspberry marinated sea salt - This pork was exceptionally prepared and all of the components of the dish shined. The pork was extra tender and delicate. It was seasoned expertly! Make sure to take a bite of the pork with a bite of the juicy, smooth skinned cherub tomato - that's the perfect bite! 

Beef Short Rib $14 - braised marinated prime short rib, crispy garlic, luscious gratin, demi-glace - Is this heaven? Explosive flavor! The short rib was so incredibly meaty, rich, buttery, and melt in your mouth good. The crispy garlic chips added incredible pops of texture and surprising flavor. I loved it. The creamy potato gratin was super luscious and addicting - it was the best choice to pair with the short rib. This was one of my top dishes of the night! 

Bean Sauce Noodle $7 - egg white noodle, black bean sauce, pork, onion, carrot, zucchini, green onion
poached egg - Oooh you fancy, jjajangmyun! The noodles were cooked perfect and al dente, the sauce was loaded up on flavor, oh man and the poached egg, you know it, silky luscious egg porn! This is the best gourmet black bean noodles I have ever had. 

Hot Spicy Beef Soup $7 - beef brisket, mung bean sprouts, carrot, onion, green onion, spicy wholesome beef broth - Warmth for the soul. The brisket was crazy tender. The broth was very wholesome and comforting. It reminded me of eating in my best friends grandmother's Korean kitchen.

Eggplant Salad $7 - grilled eggplant, cherub tomato, grilled Shishito pepper, micro green, Moko dressing - This cold dish was very light, delicate, and refreshing! The grilled eggplant was grilled perfectly and tender, but very smooth and buttery when you bit into it. I also loved the delicate micro greens, they added pops of beautiful peppery notes. 

Shrimp Risotto $13 - sake-steamed shrimp, shiitake mushroom, mushroom risotto - Wow!!! What an epic finale to our meal! Chef Hong brought out all of his tricks on this dish. He used every single part of the shrimp and coaxed so much flavor out of the sweet juicy shrimp head. He even surprised us with delicious shrimp eggs on our plate! What a treat! You could really taste the deep flavor of the sweet ocean in the risotto. Also, the risotto was extremely creamy and seasoned with precision. The best part was the shrimp was steamed to perfection! I'm in love.

Incredible food, great conversation, and wonderful company! Moko has our vote! My boyfriend and I enjoyed our evening thoroughly and we couldn't stop talking about them after dinner and the next day (and the next day). We are looking forward to return very soon.

(Fun Fact: I am Moko's 20th review and this also marks my 200th review!)
If I could use one word to sum up the opening night at Serrano Manchego, it would be disappointing. Or, underwhelming. You get the idea. I so wanted it to be amazing, but it just wasn't and it could be and should be.

I've gone for 3 stars as I feel it's a compromise between what Serrano Manchego has got right, and what it's got wrong. The dcor alone warrants a solid 4, verging on to 5. The service and the food are definitely a 2 ("meh, I've experienced better", I couldn't have said it better myself!).

I'm going to start with the good. The place looks fantastic. It's all exposed brick and wood with the logo stencilled on the wall. Lovely. Lots of space and tables. A definite thumbs up on this. And I love the concept, a Spanish pincho bar on Leith Walk. Only one beer on draught (Alhambra), bite sized snacks and platters, signature croquettas, great! And erm. That's the good. The dcor and the concept.

The bad? Well I'll start with the service. I'm probably not being fair, as yesterday was their opening night (although as stated on their Facebook page this wasn't a soft opening, it wasn't an exclusive party, it was just open), but given the amount of time they've spent into decorating and sourcing ingredients, they really ought to have trained their staff! I'd be surprised if any of the bar staff/servers has worked in a bar or a restaurant before. Not one of them knew how to pour a pint, so the manager had to teach them on the job, and of course this meant that it took ages to get served (and what's with ringing up a transaction on the sole till before pouring the drinks?). And if you'd ordered food you got a numbered wooden spoon in a glass, fairly standard. But the poor girls serving spent most of the evening wandering about in a daze looking for whoever had ordered that particular dish... The staff were all perfectly nice, they were just all woefully inexperienced. I ought to point out that I was with my boyfriend and sister, both experienced bar staff and servers, so as you can imagine we had little tolerance, but even if I'd been there alone I'd still have been frustrated.

And the food, oh the food. A great concept doesn't make up for poor execution. There's a nice sounding selection of cold and hot pinchos, as well as tostados, platters and the croquettas of the day. I don't know if this will always be the case, but they only had one croquette on yesterday, which was haggis. Or was it? I was definitely told it was haggis, but biting into it you'd never have known. Sure, the herbs and spices tasted a little like our national dish, but the texture was creamy and the colour was pale and the taste was bland. What was it?! We also ordered a dish of olives. What we got was a small plate (not a bowl, which would have made more sense), of pitted olives that looked and tasted like they'd come straight from a jar. I don't buy jarred olives at the supermarket, I don't expect to be served them in a bar. And pitted, who serves pitted olives?!

I'd like to say everyone else's food look great, but judging by the table next to us that isn't the case. They'd ordered a platter of manchego, blue cheese, walnuts, quince and raisins that came with no blue cheese. There was an explanation for this, but I didn't catch it, and given they'd only been open for 3 hours at this point I sincerely hope they hadn't run out. Then came the tostados, or bread with a topping. Standard, I know, and I wasn't expecting anything brilliant from a basic open sandwich, but they just looked so uninspiring. Fortunately none of the food is expensive.

I actually feel annoyed about it all. I wanted Serrano Manchego to be brilliant. They've had a great Facebook presence and I know I wasn't the only local eagerly awaiting its opening, and it was packed last night. I want to give them a second chance, because I truly believe that they could be great if only they improve. Please guys, the problems I've identified should be easy to fix! I really hope that in a couple of months time I'll be writing an updated review of 4 or 5 stars.
Visited on a hot, sunny evening, to find all outside tables occupied so sat inside. Instantly felt the space didn't work well - NONE of our chairs allowed us to sit our legs under the tables so we were all spaced out beside it, taking up a lot of room and quite uncomfortable. Everyone inside was taking up a lot of room, so that a trip to the bar or bathroom was an obstscle course of sorrys and excuse me's....

The other main problem was the tiny wee space at the bar for ordering, most of the bar being used for seating, and occupied, so queueing ensued and despite the army of staff behind the small bar, they simply didn't have room to get your order till the person in front was done....

Throw into the mix that there is NO table service, for approx 8 outside tables and maybe 15 squeezed in inside, and i can predict a war on busier days at that teeny weeny service area.. Staff still came from behind the bar to clear empty plates and glasses and refused to take orders and failed to notice who were no doubt ex Dalmany Bar gents getting in thru the (probably illegally) open fire exit and plonking themselves down.
 
Leith has been teased by their opening for over a year now, and yet i found a toilet with a broken lock and the other with a really broken seat, no toilet paper and very very very dirty floors. Totally a bad sign,

The one and only rose was v sweet and undrinkable, and a large glass of that with a glass of Spanish Alhambra beer was 10. 

I WANT to go back and try the food, but I'm so NOT attracted to the place now, I probably never will.