Let's start with a couple redeeming qualities first... the entertainment, if you dine during it, creates a fun atmosphere and the energy in the place is high. We had a Spanish waiter who was attentive and quick.

On the other hand, the food leaves much to be desired. I lived in Seville, Spain for 6 months and have eaten at many Tapas restaurants in the states... so, I have enough experience with Spanish food to judge. The food here is uninspired, bland, and borderline gross. We kept ordering more (tortilla, caricoles, pepin salad, pimientos, empanada, salmon) hoping maybe we just made a bad choice. Nothing was even decent! This place has potential but the owner should seriously consider hiring a new chef and completely revamping the menu. I'll be back to try it if that happens, but I won't return nor will I recommend if everything is status quo.
3 thumbs way down! I was visiting AZ, my sister brought us to El Pepin, she had been there before and enjoyed a couple of good meals.  But, not this time. 

The good: 3 Tapas were very good, Shrimp ajillo, Veg. croquette, red pepper w/ goat cheese. 

The bad: The waiter didn't understand English, one order of Paella, was really 3 separate orders for 3 times the money. Our order for Shrimp with the Paella became Squid. Our order for a small Sangria carafe became a large carafe for $18. When we complained about the Squid the chef said he wouldn't charge us for the extra squid. And, when we told we wanted one Paella order split 3 ways, he charged us for one order but took away our take home bag of extra Paella. 

In the end, we were overcharged for the paella and sangria, we didn't want Calamari in the Paella, the service was awful, food moderately good, Sangria average. 

We felt like tourists in a strange place getting ripped off at every chance.
I really liked this place. Not only is the atmosphere great, so was the paella! Plus they had flamenco dancers shakin' their hips through the place at random moments...how fun is that? Later on they actually performed on a little stage. The best part was when they ask who was having a birthday, and I pointed out my whitebread, farm-boy Minnesota-born husband. They pulled him right up there so he could shake his groove thang. Highlight of the evening.
I couldn't have said it better Josh (1st review)! The authenticity of the dishes is deflated by the mediocre tasting food and service.

However!! The salsa dancing on Friday and Saturday nights is soooo fun! Tip: $10 cover (if you haven't eaten dinner before 10pm).
OFGS - Lighten up people.  The food was really good.  This is like an old school restaurant.  Flavors were well balanced and the food was cooked just right.  The main idea here is keep your expectations inline and enjoy.  Oh, and the salsa dancing etc. is great.  Go and live a bit of a past.
It's all about the package. 3.5 stars.

At the restaurant Pepin, of course.  I would not give them 4 stars based solely on the food.  3 stars for the food.  It was for the most part very good but not good enough to merit  say $37 bucks that I spent on a seafood stew over noodles that my daughter and I shared.  

By the way, first time I've eaten octopus, is it supposed to be textured like steak on the inside, soft on the outside and a little slippery on the surface?  But I digress.

The food was overpriced for the quality.  But when you throw in Flamenco dancing, live Spanish guitar, free dancing lessons and getting pictures of my kids on stage dancing flamenco, much more worth it.

The sangria was nice as well.  We shared a pitcher.  Well, the kids didn't actually have any .  

Did you know Sangria helps you dance?
I barely remember what I ate, but the atmosphere and the service was awesome!  It was a while back and I don't even know if htey still do this but they have salsa and dance lessons going on WHILE you eat, with the diners.  It was truly awesome and so much fun. 

Of course, it's on a volunteer basis, it's not like your soup gets dropped off at your table and you are forced to salsa dance with you server while the soup gets cold.

I should head back and see what it is like these days.  I am surprised there are not more reviews.  It's by AZ 88.

PEPIN is fun and the food was decent and the service was great!
The stars in my review are based on tasting just one dish of jamón, which was serrano--not jabugo as I ordered. (If you know something about jamón, it's impossible to pass off the inferior product for the sublime jabugo). Yet I was charged as if it were de bellota. Other reviewers have written their take on other dishes.

It's hard not to be tough on an expatriate Spanish restaurant after you've lived in Spain for a good chunk of time (more than a year in my case). If not for my flamenco dancing colleague, I doubt I would have sought out Pepin's. Her flamenco was good and if you go just for that, you should have a good time. I ducked out before the salsa dancing started. (It seems obvious to me that they rely on dances to attract the night crowd and make up for low numbers during the day).
Last Friday some friends from work were in town (airline industry- we're scattered everywhere) and we decided to start our evening at Pepin for a bite to eat and some dancing.  I have been dancing there several times, but I had never tried the food.

The Food: 
The service was great- very attentive and accommodating. We had a bilingual group, and our waitress took orders in both English and Spanish with no problem. I ordered Pollo Al Jerez, which was chicken, steamed veggies and mushrooms. The best part was the mushrooms, which had a great texture and tasted delicious with the sauce. The chicken was a little dry, but still good. 

The Dancing: 
There were no lessons that night, but there was a live DJ and a good mix. They played mostly salsa, merengue and bachata in sets of two or three, with a cha cha thrown in now and then. We left early, but later in the evening they usually include some reggaeton and Latin hip hop when the crowd gets younger. The floor started to fill up between 9:30 and 10:00. There was an open atmosphere on the dance floor: very inviting for beginners. There were a few experts too, who were fun to watch when eating or taking a break.

Over all it was a great night out for food and dancing. Pepin remains on of my favorite places for dancing, and is now a new favorite for food!
The service was absolutely horrid. The waitress disappears for ludicrous periods of time. It took us almost an hour just to get water. When we finally got food, it was average at best and way over priced. On top of insult to injury, our group was charged 18% gratuity for the awful service. Our group got there around 7pm, and we didn't get to leave until 1030. We finally had to go track down the waitress to get our bill. I don't recommend going there. Typical overrated Scottsdale eatery.
Haven't really tried the menu, so I am limiting my review to the salsa scene. For people who like salsa/merengue etc. this is the place to go, especially on Saturday nights. Nice, friendly atmosphere. You will find people of all levels dancing, so its not really intimidating for new comers. Awesome music.
My friends and I wanted to see the Flamenco show.  We had already been to Happy Hour so were not interested in dinner.  We ordered a small appetizer so as not to seem like freeloaders.

The appetizer was extremely poor quality for the price and was presented to us without one of the key ingredients.  The service was terribly slow, given the fact that the restaurant was nearly empty (another clue).

The Flamenco dancing was good but not worth spending the evening here.
11/3

Another happy hour Tuesday for me!  Today I wanted to try AZ 88 after all these years of intention.  On my way to AZ 88, I paused for a few moments to check out Pepin's menu.  (Couldn't help it- Pepin and AZ 88 sit adjacent to each other!)  While my mouth watered at the descriptions of tapas, I, almost reluctantly, continued on my way to original destination.  Wow!  AZ 88 was DEAD.  Awashed in white tables and chairs, with only about 6 employees and me indoors, this space was too sterile for me to occupy for too long.  Even if happy hour was offered (I asked- it isn't), I don't think I would've bothered.  Impersonal and unwelcoming were adjectives that came to mind.  I will have to come back at a later time in the day to see if a higher body count and more mood lighting help to warm me up to AZ 88.

Back to Pepin!  Happy hour here meant 50% off all tapas and sangrias!  Ole!  HH also means one eats at the bar counter.  Not so ole!  Pepin definitely needs to spruce this area up!  I almost gave up on the idea, but I was hungry and the $15 three-cold tapas sampler had me intrigued.  Si!  That's $7.50 to try three different cold plates; I selected roasted red peppers and goat cheese, lamb w/ garlic and sun-dried tomatoes, and cured salmon w/ fresh onions and capers, on a bed of lettuce and drizzled w/ Spanish olive oil.  I was able to secure a glass of Rene Barbieri red for 50% off (orig. $6).  Muchas gracias!!  

Before my cold tapas arrived, a basket of 4 fresh-from-the-oven dinner rolls appeared, w/ a delicious aioli to accompany them!  They were so wonderful, I decided I was going to take some home w/ me :)  Xavier, my Catalan server, even gave me fresh rolls (not yet warmed in the oven) to ensure that the finished product wouldn't be rock-hard and damage my ivories.  Aw, how considerate of Xavier!  (Good thing this Catalan was married... I quite favor the Spaniards.)  Back to the tapas!  After the delightfully crispy-crusty dinner rolls, I found the slice of bread that came with the red peppers and goat cheese dull.  Thick-cut and soggy.  So, I swiped off the goat cheese and slathered it on the dinner rolls, instead!  A potential disaster averted!  Ole!  The slices of lamb were also very tasty, w/ the sun-dried tomato pieces lending a chewy texture that isn't as bad as you might think.  My favorite of the three was the cured salmon w/ capers!  With a twist of lemon, this app was simply perfect!  Yes, I'd recommend this dish to anyone.  Anyone, that is, that doesn't find fish repulsive...

Hasta la vista, Pepin!  I'll be back soon to try the calamari!
Happy hour, over a week ago, consisted of the calamari w/ aioli, a glass of Rene Barbier red, and brandy-flambeed flan.  Had more of those terrific dinner rolls!  First thing I noticed when presented w/ the plate of calamari was the lovely color!  Was it saffron, I asked?  Why, yes!  These calamari rings were dipped in saffron-infused batter... These rings were beautiful and tasty!  I really like the simple aioli here.  And the flan?  Xavier made a deal w/ me that if I didn't think it the best I've ever tasted, then he wouldn't charge me the $7 price tag.  While it WASN'T the best I'd ever had (my Mom makes the best flan!  Heck, even I can make a killer flan- she says so modestly), it was still very, very good and I didn't see the need to be cunning about it, so I paid.  Willingly.  

Next visit- frog legs and a sangria (or two)!
High price for only so-so food.  I didn't bother staying for the Flamenco dancer... the poor atmosphere was a turn off (large empty room, shabby decor).  One positive: the service was friendly and responsive.
Pepin...not sure what to say except I'm NOT impressed. In fact I'm giving this place the extra star only because the Flamenco Dancer was good not amazing but good. That's its. The service sucked! The food had no flavor and the sangria was a joke! I was looking forward to having dinner here. I was here on vacation and my friend said that a few years back she'd go every weekend and loved it. Clearly time has not be kind to this place. Thanks but no thanks..not going back again..EVER!
Oh Pepin, I was not impressed with you being closed on Tuesday even though your restaurant's sign said clearly that you were supposed to be open for business.  After hearing from other people that there were supposed to be salsa dancing lessons on Tuesdays I was excited to check the place out, but when my dance partner and I arrived the doors were locked.  There were no signs indicating that the restaurant would be closed so we decided to venture elsewhere.
We came for dinner and was not impressed at all.  For the price of the dinner  ($23. to $37 per entree), and the location, the place needs a total remodel or at the least,  to be cleaned.  We ordered dinner about 7:15 and not until an hour later did we finally lose our patience and asked when our dinner was coming.  The waiter told us it would probably be another 15 or 20 minutes, because it takes a while for the paella to cook.  That should have been told to us at the beginning when we ordered this.  The dinner was way below average (not worth the high cost)  because the food had no taste and some of the seafood was still raw.  We had to ask for some more bread to hold us over for the long wait.  We also overheard surrounding tables complaining about the food.  We finally left there after 9:30.  Sorry, not planning on go back after reading other reviews.
Flamenco dancers and incredible guitar makes this place awesome. Sure there's room for improvement on the lighting and sometimes food - but you'll still fall in love with this place.
After last night at CMYE Phoenix City Grille, the husband and I weren't in ANY condition to cook dinner tonight. We started flipping through the Entertainment book to see where we might go for dinner. It has been a long time since we have been and paella sounded damn good for my hangover. We got there around 6pm and was maybe the fourth table there.

I ordered a pina colada and the husband had wine. I really liked the pina colada and the fried calamari that was very tender. No one likes overly chewy calamari. For dinner, I had the paella Valenciana (the typical paella dish, $28) and my husband had the paella Negra (black rice with lobster, calamari, shrimp, chicken, etc, $32). Both dishes were delicious and each were more than enough to split between two people. The next time we go, we would probably split one paella. We were using a BOGO deal, so it made sense to get the two and have dinner for another night. 

As we were wrapping up dinner, the band began playing and shortly thereafter, the flamenco dancer came on. The music and flamenco performance was so great and really added to the experience. By this time, the restaurant was packed and our 3 year old was having a blast trying to dance like the flamenco dancer. After they played their set (30 minutes), the singers and dancer walked around to talk with the patrons. Very cool. 

Overall, the drinks were good, food was good, service was good, and so were the musicians. Really great time and looking forward to the next!
I see this restaurant has poor reviews. This was my first visit. It was a Thursday night and the place was dead. It made me sad. The music was on too low and the ambiance was a little eerie. The service, however was fantastic. I believe our service was from Spain and was knowledgable, friendly, and attentive. 

Our meals were AWESOME!!! I ordered the Don Quixote (sp)? It was a chicken and cheese tortellini covered in Manchego sauce. Amazing.

My date had the Paella with Chicken and Chorizo. Very tasty. Both portions were very good size.

I was overall very pleased and hope to check out the dancing on Fridays and Saturdays in the future.
News Flash!  Pepins is a far cry from traditional Spanish cuisine and somehow, someone thought that they would classify it as "Basque Cuisine" also.  I guess it sounds good to throw that in.  Me thinks not!  The cuisine has nothing to do with Basque cuisine.  The Spanish cuisine is very much Americanized.  Since most people on this planet have not traveled to Pais Basco (Basque Country, located in the most northern, central region of Spain and partly in France) the owners of Pepins must think that the consumer will take their word for it.  Pepins food is not "terrible", but it's not Spanish, and it's definitely not Basque!  The service was atrocious when we went.  The Paella, was hardly a paella.  The garlic shrimp was pretty good though.  And what's up with the Salsa dancing in a "Spanish" restaurant.  Weird.

i'm giving it an extra star because I'm nice guy.  If I told actually thought, Yelp would have to come up with a separate rating scale.
Second time I've been to Pepins over the last five years.  On the way, I asked my wife, if I I metioned anything about the food after our first visit, because there must be a reason we haven't come back in so long.  

We went for the dancing and the Flamenco show.  The dance floor wasn't crowded, which I like since Salsa dancing is tough in over crowded dance floors.  The Flamenco show is awesome and the performers all seem friendly.  Sangria was the best I've had out in the local area, but I've had better in other restaurants outside of greater Phoenix.

However, the food was a bit bland.  If you google "Spanish Food" and "bland" you'll find that this combination comes up quite a bit.  So the blandness is likely a combination of Spanish food being inherently bland and American food tends to be so rich.  

The service was excellent.  My drink refilled regularly and evey request was treated with given prompt attention with a smile.
I like Pepin's ..a favorite of me and my boyfriend. His family is form Argentina and the food is very good. Obviously every dish is a little different we have been in at least 7 or 8 times and never disappointed. We have had good consistent service..no issues if we share an app or desert..they are great about doggie bags and are attentive and have a passion for their food. Here is the deal..there is always the purist out there that the food will not live up to ..that's okay..just do not rule this place out...
Don't go to Pepin for the food, and I'm not saying that because of a lack of Spanish authenticity; it just doesn't taste good, ever ... usually.  This time wasn't bad and last time they didn't have my first three choices, not exaggerating.  But that doesn't explain the previous two visits.  Also, the prices are high, especially given my first comment.  If you can hurdle both of those comments, there are lots of reasons to go to Pepin.  You can order sangria by the liter, my wife keeps wanting to go, they have live flamenco dancing, my wife likes the good, the ambience feels Spanish, and they play upbeat flamenco music in the background.
I have eaten at Pepin 3-4 times and the food is decent, the wine is good, and it is fun to watch the dancing.  Its usually a little warm in there also.

I am writing this review to conplain about terrible and inhospitable service.  I went there recently with a date and another couple to eat and drink and watch salsa.  We were very dressed up and ready to start the night out.  When I got there, I said 'four for dinner' and asked when the dancing started.  The moron that was apparently hosting and completely devoid of social skills asked if we were eating.  I said yes, and drinking.  And he then asked how much we were going to order.  I was confused and then asked why?  He said because there is a cover charge if you don't order that much.  After again saying that we were there to eat and drink and jokingly inquiring if I was doing something wrong, I was again admonished about the cover charge if we don't order enough.  

I then took my group elsewhere.  I would have paid a charge hapily if it was on the bill.  I do not like the inquisition at the host area.  In this case it was insulting and embarressing and I took my business elsewhere, for a $280+ dinner at Cowboy Ciao.  I hope someone in charge at Pepin reads this and educates the ignorant host on common courtesy and customer service.
So we met a girl from Peru, she took us here after 10PM when it turns into a SALSA BAR! They turn the lights down low, play the music a little too loud, keep the full bar open, have Latin American music videos projected on the walls, and people get all sweaty going at it full force. 

I learned the merengue from a gentlemen who asked me to dance. They'll always ask you to dance. Nobody does that weird let-me-dance-on-you thing here. Also, nobody cares if you don't really know how, they'll spin you and you throw your head back and laugh at your bad feet work. Then they spin you some more. 

Pepin after hours are a one of a kind experience. A hearty slice of culture! I didn't even need to get on a plane. 

There is a $10 cover. If you don't have cash they just take you back to the bar and you can pay with your card there. 

I've never been to Pepin for the food. From reading the previous reviews I guess I really shouldn't.

But I sure am going to go again to dance.
Have been here a few times. Food is just OK - I really feel you could make better at home - I know I can. Service was excellent tonight. I can't believe what they charge for Paella - $32. C'mon, its rice, chicken and a few pieces of seafood. Flamenco music was nice and dancer was great!
I'm from South America, and I heard about this place from a friend, who told me they have latin music also on Saturdays.

We went on Saturday, the place wasn't too busy, they have live show with a flamenco dancer, it was good. We order two appetizers, the chorizo and the empanada, I liked both, and the bread, omg, I'm not a white bread lover, but this bread was soft and warm, and they give you a yummy dressing to eat with.

For dinner I order the Pata de puerco... it was ok, I won't order that again, my husband order shrimp, and he liked it.

I would prefer to order only appetizers and share, but because we had a living social deal, we have to order entrees, but for me the appetizers are better.

The service was good, the waiter very friendly.

After 10 pm, they moved some tables, and DJ started playing latin music and you can also watch in a screen some videos.

Unfortunately we had to leave before people started dancing, because I'm pregnant and my back was killing me.

Definitely I will be back, but only for appetizers and dance.
we went here late 2010 and had a buy 1 get 1 free coupon. the wait time was terrible and the entertainers were amateurish. we ordred appetizers and drinks and then our 2 entrees came. they came in small plates(lunch portions) . we complained and they said they split the dinner entree to make two. we complained but the manager wouldn't budge. well, we didn't either. we paid for our drinks and appetizers and left, but not before yelling out  "this place is a fraud !" i am of spanish descent and this place is a disgrace to my heritage.
Went to Pepin's last night. The waitress was really nice. We saw the bad reviews on Yelp so just ordered a bunch of appetizers: snails, black bean croquettes, clams, garlic shrimp, and lamb (cold appetizer).  They were all good, except the lamb was nothing special.  However, the portions were extremely small and the prices not so much.  5 appetizers between two people, and I was still pretty hungry.
The bread was good and good for dipping in the sauces of the appetizers.  The wine was pretty awful for a $30 bottle of Spanish wine.
The Flamenco is entertaining, though I've also been to another Spanish tapas place in Scottsdale called Papas Fritas, and their live Flamenco was much much better.

Pepin is an interesting place. I was pretty surprised at the state of the estasblishment, I guess I expected more at least based on the location. The inside is pretty basic and could use a little renovation, and the women's bathroom is a joke.  You'd think you were in a total dive bar.  There's only one working toilet, and the stall door has no lock and barely even closes.

But anyway, my conclusion: 
Appetizers - good  but too small
Price - too high (based on the portions)
Service - great
Flamenco - cool but a little ghetto
State of the establishment - a little ghetto

PS: Don't be fooled by the Living Social shennanigans.  The voucher does not say you have to buy entrees.  Our waitress started to say we had to order entrees, but when I told her it's not written that way and showed it to her, she said we could order what we wanted.
The food is ok but the entertainment is bad. It has average service but probably not a place I'd be coming back to.
The Flamenco dancer and guitarist did a fine job. 
The service was slow, which is fine if you just want to relax and enjoy a glass of wine.
The food was good, but not worth the price. 
Supposedly, you need a reservation on a Friday or Saturday night, but the restaurant was not very busy. Par for the course in Scottsdale.
We came for Lunch and it was wonderful.  The food was delicious.  The wait staff was very friendly and very good.
Gordon Ramsey please visit this place! 

* Food little better than a TV dinner, yet competed with some of the best restaurants in town...ON PRICE 

* They served us rancid wine. 

* Service was terrible 

Owner/manager hung out in lobby socializing with friends rather than helping clients that were waiting an absurd amount of time for food. 

Gristle laden beef jerky floating in oil served as a dish 

Flamenco was ok...this place should give up trying to serve food and being a high end restaurant and Just become a bar/ night club and serve a few simple fresh dishes if anything at all. Or get a restaurant consultant in there and totally revamp the menu.

I almost always try a place twice, but, not thinking so in this case.
I had to come on here to recommend that people NOT visit this place. 

Pepin needs to be on Restaurant: Impossible immediately! They have it all wrong. The decor is depressing and dingy, so much so that I couldn't help but think that the kitchen in the back was disgusting. The service was pretty slow at responding to us, even though there were only 3 tables seated in the restaurant, one of which was only drinking (I now know why). Most of the servers were gathered behind the bar hanging out, while we waited for water refills and additional sauces to mask their nasty food.

My girlfriend and I ordered sangria, several appetizers, and I had the paella. The appetizers were some of the worst I've had in Phoenix. Nasty overcooked sausage, stale bread, flat cheap cheeses -- just plain gross. The sangria wasn't really all that tasty either (in my opinion), however my girlfriend liked it. The one saving grace of my meal was the paella that I ordered. It was not the best I've had in PHX, but definitely tasty and there was plenty of seafood inside for me to enjoy (I now realize just how brave I was to order seafood in this place -- it honestly scares me to think back on it).   

The prices here are WAY TOO HIGH for what you get. I used a $50 gift certificate and our dinner for the two of us was still nearly $100!! 

Please spare yourself the disappointment and skip out on this place. The only thing saving me from giving it 1 star is that the guitar player was excellent and music is worth a bonus star to me! The flamenco wasn't bad, especially for being this far from Spain, but it did make it quite loud in there during the show.
Terrible.

I brought my boyfriend here a while ago for a romantic date out.  I thought it would be great because they had vegetarian paella for me and plenty of fish and meat for him to try.  (He doesn't normally get to do that too much since we go to mostly vegetarian places).

We got an appetizer, two entrees, and some sangria, and even with a $25 gift card, the bill was still over $90 with tip.  Now, this would not have been an issue had the food been worth that.  However, the food was terrible.  It was stuck in the 80's.  The beau's chicken looked like something you would get on an airplane, and my paella could have been shown up by something in a box... mushy rice with frozen veg.  The server also charged us for 2 salads that she just brought out.  I don't mind paying for a salad, but at least ask me!

At one point in our meal, my man got up and went to the restroom.  When he returned, he told me that I HAD to go look at it.  It was awful.  It was worse than any drive bars I have been to.  The paint was falling off the walls, one of the stalls didn't have a door and the other barely locked, the toilets were filthy, and the sink was disgusting.  If you charge $20-$40 a plate, you need to have the ambiance to back it up.

Never go here.
I purchased a Groupon for Pepin, without reading the reviews, so naturally my wife and I were apprehensive about going here. I had to persuade her to at least join me for appetizers, just so we could use the deal I had bought. 

So we went here on a Saturday evening around 8 a couple of weeks back. It can be a little tricky to find as it's behind the parking garage (which btw was completely full while we found easy parking in the street and lots). The restaurant is quite unique: Vaulted ceilings, somewhat dark, and with live entertainment: flamenco, of course. Two guitar players, a male singer (with an amazing, rusty voice singing in Spanish) and of course the dancing, tapping and castanets. Very entertaining, great-sounding and perfect for this atmosphere.

We ordered appetizers: the empanada (stuffed with meat) and calamari. Bread with aioli mayonaise came first. Service was good, not fake or overly-friendly, but real. It was clear that the staff had their hands full (restaurant was almost at capacity), but they didn't seem stressed. Food was great - in fact, we ordered another empanada and the portions were big! We wanted to have tried the paella, but had no room. Next time...

Overall, very impressed. I can imagine some will leave disappointed if they expect pretentious, swanky Scottsdale-style restaurant, but this feels authentic, tasted great, treated us well and left us very positively surprised. Will definitely return some day. Maybe stay for the salsa dancing starting at 10 pm. 

Good job, Pepin.
I just got back from "eating" at Pepin and had to immediately write a review.  We had a table of 12 reserved and were seated promptly on a packed Sat night.  We sat and waited for 15min before anyone took a drink order.  The sangria was pretty bad and only had a piece of orange in terms of fruit.  Most of us ordered paella valencia which we were told feeds about 1 1/2 people which I immediately thought odd.  Is it not obvious that it should either serve one or two?!?  Regardless we ordered four for six people.  A hour later the food appeared.  

No salads and the bread was served with Ranch dressing (no butter).  Our drinks remained empty for most of the night including the water.  The food was pretty poor and the portions were horrible.  I got one clam, one shrimp, and a few pieces of chicken in my plate.  The mussel I had on my plate had a cracked shell so I did not eat it.  I was actually embarrassed.  

On a high note the singer/guitar player/dancer were pretty darn good.  They kept us entertained while we waited forever.  Unfortunately they were quite loud for the small space with low ceilings so it was near impossible to talk at the table.  If you do go, DO NOT sit in front of the stage unless you just want to hear them and not each other.

The good entertainment soon left my mind when we got the bill.  My son had a $7 hamburger, my daughter split a crab cake, and my wife and I had the paella valencia.  One glass of sangria each and the bill was $110.  The also automatically added the gratuity.  Great trick when your service sucks!
Delicious, traditional Spanish food and tapas and good prices.  Great dinner show some nights of the week.  And, we can't forget the Sangria-strong and delicious!  Four stars because the Sangria needs more fruit and my table didn't have the best view of the stage.  Service was okay, but seriously, viva Espana on the comida and beverage.
This is a difficult review to write as so many things went wrong but most were made good by the end. A friend and I had tickets for the Bruce Hornsby concert right next door at the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts. We had planned on eating dinner at AZ88 before, but didn't count on the Scottsdale Arts Festival being held that afternoon. We weren't able to do the 40 minute wait at AZ88. We looked around and saw Pepin next door, almost empty. Usually a bad sign. But we didn't really have many choices so we went in.

The hostess looked all of 15, and spoke so softly and with such a heavy accent, we had no idea of what she was saying and just followed her to the table. Our waiter eventually came and took a drink order. He is the saving grace of this review and the restaurant. If not for him, this review would be 1 star with no chance of ever going back.

After we received our drinks and had ordered dinner (Pollo Don Quixote and one of the paella specialties), it was probably 6:50, concert starts at 8. In comes a rowdy, OBNOXIOUS, drunk bridal party of about 18 girls. I knew we were in trouble as there was no other waiter to take the table. Fast forward to 7:45. Still no food and empty drinks. The waiter assured us it would be out quickly. We asked for the check along with the food as we were going to have to eat a few bites and leave. The food came out and he informed us that there would be no charge for any of the food or drinks and apologized profusely. We scarfed down a bit of the food (which was VERY good) and left him a tip and left. We stopped to thank him for his professionalism and told we would come back on another night, which we will. 

The owner/manager seems to be a bit clueless. The table next to us sat and after about 15 minutes with no service of any kind, got up and left. It took him almost a half hour to realize the table had left. He seems to be more interested in chatting with what looked like regulars than making sure the restaurant was running smoothly.
Go for the ambiance and the flamenco, maybe a cocktail or two. The food is pretty much what everyone else is  saying. It's nothing special, just Sysco quality restaurant food but the flamenco is BITCHIN'!
I bought a Groupon dinner for two as a Christmas gift for my mother.  Bad move!  Mom was upset enough to write her own bad review of the restaurant.  (I didn't even know she had a Yelp account!)

The deal sounds great... $49 for a dinner for two, valued at up to $104. This includes two entrees, a pitcher of sangria, and an appetizer.  ("This must be some fancy restaurant," I thought. "What a nice gift for my Mom!")

Well, she ended up not taking her boyfriend, but instead took her sister and sister's husband.  Therefore, instead of two, there were three at the table. Unfortunately, Pepin could not handle this change gracefully, and when placing the order everybody became confused with the Groupon deal.

I wish they just told my mother... "Your order for three is going to exceed the value of this coupon, which is for a dinner for two. The coupon is for any two dinners, one appetizer, and one pitcher of sangria.  Since you're ordering more, we'll give you the maximum credit for your coupon, which is worth up to $104." That would have been simple.

Instead, they made billing seem complicated, causing the customer to have to think too much about the bill. They didn't give the full value of the Groupon and they added a mandatory 20% gratuity on the bill (for three people).

Looking back at the deal... They gave her most of the value of the coupon. The meal cost a lot more than she calculated partially because she didn't calculate the value of each item they ordered, partially because the mandatory 20% gratuity was a large, unexpected change, and partially because the prices are over-inflated ($32 for a pitcher of sangria?).

I paid $49 for the deal, and Mom paid $86 in excess. For a total of $135 (supposedly 50% off), my Mom and her two guests received one entree each. They shared a single appetizer, a single dessert, and a single pitcher of sangria.  That's pretty spendy, and for that much money, you'd think everyone would leave feeling satisfied with the experience of the food and the service.  Instead, my Mom thought it was a rip off, and I'm left regretting my purchase.
The dancers are awesome, the food is horrible. My friend had a living social/groupon type thingy for this place....what a scam. They make you order entrees instead of tapas. There was no fine print about minimum entree orders. It was a nightmare. Honestly I thought the food was gross & just plain blah. I can usually find something nice to say about a place...in this case its only that the dancer was great.
I dont even know what to say, the only reason I gave it one star was because you cant rate lower! 

the service was horrible! the food was low quality, the atmosphere horrible. Im sure this place may have been nice MAYBE in the 80's buut... that was a long time ago. 

if you want to pay 100 bucks for a meal your better off getting at applebees be my guest. (or should I say THEIR guest)
Well I can honestly see why this place is all over Groupon these days.  Upon arrival there was 2 people inside at 7pm on a Thursday yes 2 people.  That actually started to scare me but whatever my Groupon was going to expire so I had to use it.  So I grabbed a window seat and was greated by a server who was very nice and asked if I was using the Groupon which I stated yes and he quickly brought out the pitcher of Sangria.  The Sangria was very different then others I've had before as it had peppermint schnapps in it odd but it worked and was tasty.  I then ordered the Cordero Asado which is lamb and sun dried tomato's in olive oil.  It was just ok not bad but not great either.  I also ordered a paella de pescado y marisco which was very bland and the seafood tasted previously frozen and essentially flavorless.  I was pretty disappointed as the regular price on this dish was $32 I can't imagine paying that for what I got.  So on to the last entree which was a dry aged steak and shrimp.  The steak had been frozen and also was flavorless and the shrimp were as well.  During the meal I was just looking around inside and just kept thinking what if Gordon Ramsey could come here on Kitchen Nightmares and fix this place.  Maybe the owner will try that to revitalize the place instead of getting people in the door with Groupon.  

Cliff Note:
Don't buy the Groupon you will regret it.  Just go to Tapas Papa Frita instead :)
I bought a coupon for this place BEFORE I checked the ratings.  Tried it on Friday because there is  "Flamenco" show.  At about 7:35PM, a guitarist takes his place on a chair and begins to strum.  Hmmm,  not bad I thought.  Then a woman with dancing shoes emerges wearing a frilly, nylon, pink dress which could have easily been a nightgown.  (not trying to be mean, just telling the truth).  She did two dances and during the rest of her time, she sat down and  clapped along while the guitarist played.  
When I presented the coupon, the waiter told me that I had to order two entrees.  Having read from other Yelpers that they had been told the same, I quickly corrected the waiter and told him that the coupon said, $40 worth of FOOD not necessarily entrees.  They acquiesced. They served us hot rolls, no butter.  Instead, a garlicky ranch type dressing.  I put up with it.  cost saving measure I guess.  My friend ordered the Chicken Al Jerez, a chicken cutlet in sherry sauce.  He didn't want rice so he got vegetables.  On the menu in the restaurant, it doesn't specify that dishes come with soup or salad as it does on the internet.  I told the waiter and he added a salad. The chicken was overdone, but the taste of the sauce was good.  Mushrooms on the chicken were out of a can.  Salad was fresh  I had two appetizers.  Empanadas & Shrimp wrapped in bacon.  Empanadas should be meat filled turnovers.  Not here.  It was made with pizza dough stuffed with tomato sauce and slivers of chicken so small that I had to closely check it to be sure what it was.  I set it aside because it was not worth eating.  The waiter saw this and offered to get me another appetizer.  Nice guy.  Ordered Tortilla Espanola, a traditional fritata containing sliced potatoes, in its place.  It was good.  You can't hurt a frittata. Just dump stuff in the eggs and you're done.  I enjoyed the shrimp and bacon appetizer (I think Trader Joe's sells these frozen)  until I awoke last night with heartburn.  I remember eating them and thinking that the bacon was not totally crisped up (needed more time in the oven).  My fault for not telling them.  
The saving grace of this evening was the server who waited on us and really tried to please us.  The one star is for him.  The owner who had greeted us initially at the door was busy setting tables with tablecloths (another cost-cutting measure?) instead of checking in on his patrons.  I for one do not recommend this place to anyone.
Phenomenal food (make sure you try the paella), but the place was in serious need of a facelift.  The mildewy smell when we walked in was a bit offputting, but the great pancetta wrapped shrimp we had for an appetizer more than made up for it.  We split our two entrees, and a big thumps up to the chicken and sausage paella!  Ended the meal on a recommendation from a regular who said we had to try the flan.  It was really good - best I've had.  We'll be back, but would be a much more regular stop if they would update the place a bit.
Just ok...the atmosphere was extremely dated, but the happy hour prices were good enough to give this place 3 stars!
One of my favorite things to do in Spain is to go see flamenco dancing. I love the fashion, the grace, the emotion and the passion, and Pepin right here in Old Town Scottsdale offers up great flamenco performances that brought me right back to Madrid when I saw them last weekend.

Every Friday and Saturday night for no cover charge, the Spanish restaurant hosts talented dancers strutting their stuff right in front of your table. They wear the long swaying dresses and are deft at the dance moves, and it's really delightful to see them get down. The food is great, too, and I think it's a very classy spot, especially for a date.

The spot serves up really good Spanish food and sangria-get a pitcher to share with friends for $32, which yields eight glasses.

We tried a ton of stuff, including toast topped with goat cheese and red peppers, and if you're into paella, there's a wide variety.

There are lots of other options as well, including pastas and seafood.

I'd go back for the flamenco alone, though-muy bonito!
Went on flamenco night, which was a nice touch.  Not so great for dinner conversation, though.

The food was OK, but the service was awful.  We literally waited an hour to get our check after asking our waitress for it.  Finally we ended walking to the front just so we could leave.  Because we used a discount, they automatically add a 20% gratuity before discount.  I might have given that much anyway, but after waiting so long for the check, it felt slightly exploitative.

So don't go on flamenco night if you're looking to catch up with a friend over dinner (it's impossible to hear over the music), and personally, I wouldn't go again on a discount.  Their automatic gratuity policy seems to give them carte blanche to ignore their guests.
I had purchased a coupon from groupon for a dinner for 2, (appetizer, 2 entrees and a pitcher of sangria for $50). So during the week of our anniversary we decided to try it out.  We decided on Tuesday, it was a slow night so the place only had a hand full of patrons which was fine with us.   We had choice of seating and picked a table near the window.  Our waiter came over right away and we advised him of our groupon deal.  He explained how the deal worked which turned out much better than we thought as we had a choice of any entree on the menu regardless of price.

We ordered water and our sangria of course. He suggested the salpicon de mariscos as our appetizer which was delicious.  I ordered the zarzuela de mariscos and my husband ordered one of their shrimp dishes.   Their dinner rolls are fantastic and served with a very tasty house sauce.   Our food arrived promptly and needless to say that it was delicious.   The portions are very large and contained plenty of seafood.   

Wish I could have tried their desserts but was too full.   Next time we may order one to go!  Overall, we had a great experience, our waiter was fantastic, knowledgable, helpful and very nice.  We will absolutely be back!
Valenciana Paella is great
Food is ok - service is reliable, but isn't excellent, just speak up for yourself if you need something and they're happy to get it!  I love the Shrimp with Ajo and the croquetas for appetizers - my husband always get Paella, which I don't love - but he does.  Great sangria... And, when dinner is all said and done - DJ Salsa ... comes out and plays his tunes.  Great salsa, merengue, bachata and cumbia music - fun place after dinnertime.  Been going here a few times each year since 1997 and we'll be back!
The food was really exceptional. The bad reviews here are ridiculous; I swear, some people go into things just looking for something negative. Cheer up people. You'll know a real bad experience when you have one. The food here is outstanding. Service great. Underrated in my opinion
Bought the Groupon.  I dragged my husband there just so we could use it.  We were the only ones in there and the run down restaurant smelled - not appetizing I must say.  We were the only people in there the entire time on a weekend while the restaurant we could look at was packed.  A sure sign we were in trouble.  

Only 1 appetizer included although the Groupon claimed Appetizers, Entree and Sangria for 2 - deceiving.  The food was not good and when the bill came there was an extra 14.95 charge for I don't know what plus and automatic 20% gratuity that the horrid waiter didn't deserve.  My husband was right - don't buy Groupons!  Oh and my husband had the runs by the evening - Nice!  I felt off myself but didn't get what he did.
First time and last time there. Horrible and unfriendly staff, and if you want to see real flamenco dancing please do not waste your time and money to go there! the groupon offer they have is a complete sham! the food was mediocre at best, far too greasy and not cooked well. the sangria tasted like coloured sugar water! Overpriced menu and they wonder why it is half empty on a Friday night!
I bought the Groupon because I couldn't pass up sangria and flamenco.  My boyfriend and I love Spanish food and have passed this place up because of the terrible yelp reviews.  I was surprisingly shocked that the service was great, the food was good (if not a bit salty), and the sangria was delicious.  The flamenco is very loud and I recommend not sitting near the stage.  Even though I was pleasantly surprised, I don't think I would pay full price to go here again.
Wonderful gambon with pancetta appetizer, and the flamenco show - music and dancing, was most impressive.  The informality of inviting guests, including children, to try the dancing made for much fun. My husband who lived in Madrid for a while is an aficionado of flamenco, and he loved our evening there.  The decor etc. took us back to a flamenco show we stumbled on in Sevilla some years ago, quite nostalgic!   
Service slow so not giving 5 stars.
Terrible in every way, worse place I have eaten in recent memory and it is expensive.  This must be a front to launder money because I don't know how else they stay in business.
My boyfriend and I ate here because we had a Restaurant.com coupon, and it was possibly the most disappointing meal that I have ever eaten.  The food was bland and overpriced, it was worth maybe a third of what we paid for it (~$60 after the discount), not to mention the automatic 20% gratuity.  Could have spent $15 at In 'N Out and had a more fulfilling experience.
This review is solely based off of the the dancing at Pepins. I have not gone to eat there but as someone who has spent the majority of my life living in Baja California as well as spending many of my weekends in Tijuana, Mexico I'd like to think I am a good critic. It was very difficult to find a Salsa club in a good area that I would feel comfortable to leave my car in. After a friend of my mothers recommended Pepins. At first I was skeptical about it with all the terrible reviews and not many pictures or youtube videos on the club. I took the plunge and decided to spend my 22nd Birthday there. When I got there it looked a descent size it was the smallest salsa club I have ever been to and there weren't very many people but the music was great and the people there were great dancers. My friends are usually into the hip hop scene but they were willing to try it out. They were great sports and now they all want to take Salsa lessons. I had an absolute blast!!! If you are planning on going out to any club at all my advice is to chose the right people because even the fanciest places can be terrible with the wrong company.
Went in a long time ago.  Don't remember much except the place was dead at dinner time (I think there was one other couple) and the place looked pretty seedy.  Dad wasn't impressed with the paella.  

BUT.  I had the veal tenera casera.  I don't remember the exact taste--all I remember was that it was extraordinarily delicious.  Must return for this.
Found this place via Living Social and have been here several times since.  It's a classic Spanish Tapas joint.  It gets busy on the weekends when they have live entertainment and Flamenco dancers on the stage.  When that happens, it can get loud and crowded in the lower seating area next to the stage.  We sat there once and didn't like it....it was uncomfortable and The Better Half and I couldn't have a conversation because it was too loud.  It's worth checking out at least once though.

Over our visits, we've tried the following menu items:

Pan con Tomate, $9

Empanada Gallega, $9

Croquetas, $11

Spanish Sausage, $9

Peppers & Goat Cheese, $12

Spanish Fritatta, $8

Out of the bunch, my favorites are the Peppers and Goat Cheese, Empanada, and the Spanish Sausage.  The others are just OK.

The service here is hit/miss and the Wine selection is not very good.  There are a lot of Spanish Wines on the menu, but they didn't taste good...I've sampled many of them and ended up disappointed every time.

Overall, it's just an OK joint.

Return Factor - 50%
Went to Pepin with visitors and our Groupon. The food was fabulous and abundant. We started with a sampling of 4 tapas: mushrooms, mussels, calamari and one other which I can't  remember. All came out hot and deliciously flavored. Then came the seafood paella. Loaded with shrimp, mussels,and other fish on a bed of fluffy saffron seasoned rice. We went on a Thursday nite and sorry to say the restaurant was empty. Our waiter was friendly and gave us excellent advice on what dishes to order. The only negative and it has nothing to do with Pepin is the loud music coming from a bar a half a block south it the restaurant. This is a Scottsdale treasure to be savor end and enjoyed.
ONE STAR DINNER - I wish I could give this a higher rating. The 2nd star is ONLY for the flamenco show, which was fun, and a little 3-yr-old flamenco dancer stole the show.

We used the Entertainment coupon, 2-for-1 dinner up to $20. "Greeted" at door by a sour-faced older white guy who made it VERY clear we were late for our reservation & he didn't approve. We noticed, however, that the seating was very empty, and even at the end of dinner, there was no one waiting for tables.

Friendly waiter, but got busy and never asked if we wanted another round of drinks even though my glass sat empty perched at the edge of the table. 

The sangria... Meh. I ordered it here about 5 years ago, it was better that night. Tonight it tasted like red wine, a little fruit juice, and water, as if it used to be iced down, but it melted. My husband agreed. I was going to order a different drink, but the waiter never asked. 

The meal - we didn't want paella, which is supposedly something they make decently. We got a steak and a chicken breast dish. The steak was "fine,' not good flavor but edible. My 2 boneless chicken breasts were perfectly uniform under a mushroom sauce. The mushrooms were sadly just canned, button mushrooms - I expected savory sauteed mushrooms, I got a weird pickled twang. The chicken was WEIRD. Reminded me of institutional cafeteria food, couldn't place it. After two bites, I quit. My husband tried it - they were so "uniform" because they were like large un-breaded McNuggets - like pressed chicken, we think. GROSS.  The cookedveggies were actually fresh, but sadly doused in so much garlic powder I couldn't do more than a few bites. 

Even though I didn't eat the chicken dinner, no point in asking for a refund, since it was the $20 of the 2-for-1 (although the coupon does charge 18% gratuity on full price before discount, so the waiter got a couple of extra pity bucks. it's gotta suck to serve such bad food). 

SUMMARY: I cringe to say this, but that was the worst dinner I've had in a LONG time. ONLY GO FOR THE SHOW!
Pepin has been around forever and the novelty of the flamenco dancing isn't enough to eclipse the otherwise only-okay food, high prices, and sometimes dodgy service. (Not to mention they're randomly-being-closed). 

The paella is really quite expensive, and unless they're dumping entire handfuls of saffron into each pan (they're not), it's pretty well over-priced. It's also essentially impossible to share, since it's a per-person charge, which is frustrating.

The crab and black rice croquettes were a pleasant surprise, I'll give them that, but service is typically slow, paella is typically only just decent, and overall, it's not really worth it beyond the initial novelty. (It's really dated inside, to boot.)

I prefer Tapas Papas Fritas up the road a bit, though they don't offer flamenco, but their food quality and service is generally much better.
Went on a groupon plus two others...very expensive...food plentiful but average, service average..never refilled water.  Made us get three checks because of groupon...automatic 20 percent tip...very loud..not many customers on a friday night.  This is the second time i have been there with a groupon.  First time was fun, friendly, full, lively...this time crappy.  Wont go back.
We went on a Tuesday night.  Although we expected it to be a slow night, aside from us, there were only 2 other customers who were there when we arrived around 6.  We sat ourselves.  As some of the reviews indicate, the restaurant does smell stale.  I really wanted to open a window to get some fresh air in there.  

Xavier, our waiter, came out.  He was excellent, and being from Barcelona himself, I wonder what he thinks about the food.  

We had the Groupon, so for our 3 tapas, we ordered the calamari (not bad/not the best I've ever had, but we finished it all), empanadas (more like an unusual calzone; this is still in our fridge 4 days later), and a fresh fish salad (that tasted a little too fishy; I added some lemon that came with calamari, and that helped).  The sangria was awesome (probably because it was quite strong--but that made for lots of happy feelings)!  :)  The paella tasted like it had instant rice with some fish added.  It wasn't the highlight of the meal.  We got the desserts boxed to go.  The desserts were great  (flan and cheesecake)!!!!  

Would I ever go without the Groupon?  No.  It would not be worth $100.  They really need to adjust their prices, clean up the restaurant/redecorate (as the 80s/90s are over), and get fresher food.  

They can definitely keep Xavier and the sangria though.  ;)
We went with Groupon, I was not excited because of bad reviews...but was pleasantly surprised.  The Food was very good, excellent service and a good overall experience.  
Worth a try.
We walked in on a Saturday night and were shocked to see a relatively empty house. There were basically two large groups and us. By the end of our dinner, however, the place was fairly full. Great location once you can find it. Pretty outdoors - I bet fall/spring dining on the patio is nice. 

We had a coupon and I did review the prices and menu prior to us going there. Based on previous experiences with these types of coupons, it's safe to say that restaurants offer them because they need to.

Décor - It IS dated but it's not as "gross" as some people posting here make it out to be. We didn't notice any odors other than that of the food.

Service - Rafael, the owner, greeted and seated us. Yes, he's dour but talk to the guy a little and you find he's quite friendly. As for our waitress, she was welcoming, helpful, quick and attendtive. There was another woman who served our food and she was equally warm and helpful.

Food - I admit I expected a little more because of the prices we were paying. We got one of the shrimp tapas that was very tasty along with crusty bread and aolli. My husband thought his paella was a little dry - indeed when it was being served, it was almost scraped out of the paella pan. It had a nice flavor though and he enjoyed it other than it being dry. I had the pork leg dinner which was very nicely done. I was afraid the "sour orange" would be the only flavor coming through but was pleasantly surprised to find the dish had a wonderul, well-rounded flavor with sour orange in the background. The meat was tender. The rice was flavorful and moist. The fresh veggies were expertly done and still had a snap to them. I hate it when restaurants overcook fresh veggies.

Sangria - We liked it but we don't have much to compare it to. I could taste the fresh mint in the background. It wasn't too wine-y and wasn't too juice-y. 

Atmosphere - We were there on a Saturday which meant live music and flamenco dancing. We were expecting a guy with a guitar and a girl dancing. What we got was an education on flamenco! I learned a lot from the head dancer's explanations.  

We'll return.
We've been to Pepin many times and have always experienced great food, friendly staff and a wonderful show. Because of this, when I saw a Groupon for Pepin, I purchased it - maybe this was our first mistake. We made our reservation and showed up early last night, 7/13, and it wasn't very busy, but that's Arizona in July. The server was very nice and the tapas were okay, but the paella was not good at all. Let's be clear, I've had the paella here many, many times and it's one of my favorites. Not the case last night. It was the Paella De Pescado y Marisco, normally my favorite, tasted old, not fresh. My husband made the comment "maybe that's the paella you get with the Groupon". Since Pepin offers the Groupon, you should receive the same quality of food. I didn't ask them for a discounted meal, they offered it on Groupon. We left and didn't feel good the rest of the night, woke up this morning not feeling well either. My husband and I split 3 tapas and the paella, so we both had the same food. I know it's not food poisoning, the sick feeling kicked in too fast. I think it was just not fresh, or sitting out a bit too long, who knows. I do know that I'm extremely disappointed because I've loved this place for so long. I don't know if we'll be back, which is very sad.
I have only good things to say about Pepin.  My friend and I used a Living Social deal and we had a great time.  The waiter Xavier was so good to explain the menu.  I had the paella and my friend has steak.  We love love loved the food.  We had more than we could eat and the leftovers made an excellent meal the day after.
The place is a bit hidden.  It looks out over the Scottsdale Mall, a grassy area that is next to the Scottsdale Center for the Arts and the iconic LOVE sculpture. 
Give them a try.
Atmosphere: old and run down, very loud flamenco dancing. Service: nothing special and she overcharged us by double. Still waiting on the manager to correct this mistake two months later. Food: meh. Bland, and waaaay overpriced. The mushroom appetizer has a nice sauce though.  We will definitely NOT be back.  I agree with the other commenters that this place needs an overhaul not more Groupons!  PS This review has been in my drafts for a while. Went to Pepin in the summer of '12.
After reading some reviews we were a little hesitant to go, but we had been invited to a friends birthday party there so we decided to go. We were pleasantly surprised. While the comments regarding the somewhat well worn appearance of the facility are more or less accurate, we had no problems with the food or service. Restrooms were worn, but clean. Our waitress, Laticia, was friendly and attentive. She worked her heart out, serving 3 or more large groups including ours. European style, she took drink and food orders as people arrived, so while she was delivering one order she would take the orders from the new arrivals, and clear the place of those who had finished. We had the calamari appetizer, then I had shrimp, and my friend had paella. The food was quite good, although it would have been better to have had butter with the bread. All the spreads and dips we had were a variation of the same mayonnaise based concoction. Good enough, but still. . .  No cover charge, so it's obvious that the food price includes the cost of the entertainment .  The entertainment was very Spanish, flamenco music and dancers, something you don't see everywhere. It's the sort of place we were glad we went, but for us It's one of those once every couple of years or so place.
This place sucked! Bland food and horrible service. For the amount of money we paid, I would think that we would have been treated much better. In addition the waitress over charged us, and she added a 20% gratuity for a party of two. I would avoid this location at all cost.
Too bad can't indicate zero. Used a Groupon. Food was poor, service indifferent.  Decor takes you back to the 80s but not in a good way (like a banquet hall of a Holiday Inn in Muncie Indiana).  Had fun surprise of additional charges on my credit card which I had to dispute.  

If you want good tapas / Spanish food, go to Tapas Papas Fritas.
My boyfriend and I purchased a Groupon that provided one appetizer, two entrées and a small pitcher of sangria. We got to choose between red and white sangria so we picked the red which was delicious. We each ordered the "pollo pepin" which was a dish consisting of chicken strips in a type of tobasco sauce. I also ordered vegetable soup which tasted good, but seemed very similar to something made by campbells.  To be honest, I could cook a home meal that is much better than the one we ate there. However, the meal is really not what you're paying for at Pepin. we went for the atmosphere and the live dancing entertainment and had a great evening. The service was also quick and our waitress was highly attentive. If the food had been more impressive than it would have been worth returning without the Groupon deal.
We also went on the Groupon deal..the food was ok, I wasn't blow away.  I've had better tapas in the Valley.  We tried the surf and turf meal and the negro paella.  The bathroom was akin to a gas station's...sketch.  The entertainment was a little loud for my preference and we were probably at the farthest table from the stage.  I liked the Red Sangria :).
Last time we were there it was Valentine's Day. We enjoyed the home-style atmosphere. The interior is a little dated and worn, but it reminds me of my travels to Central American Spanish restaurants. 
The service was fine. The owner was available and checked-in on guests. (Which may have been because of the poor reviews of late) 
The reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because of the scrumptious Paella that we had and the delicious Red Sangria. 
We are returning tomorrow evening with the Groupon deal. I will let you know!
This place did not make a good impression at all! I was really looking forward to taking my girlfriend to this place but the excitement died as I tried to open the door for my girlfriend and it was locked so unfortunately the other door did open... felt like it was the beginning to an episode of kitchen Nightmares! We sat down at our table and we were served some bread with some "garlic butter" or so we thought until we tasted it and both wondered what it was. As we were looking at their menu and talking about ordering a seafood dish that is served raw, we began to realize that the "garlic butter" was actually rancid mayonnaise! It was disgusting and we couldn't get the nasty taste out of our mouths for a long time. My girlfriend and I decided that neither one of us wanted to spend the weekend being sick from food poisoning and decided to eat elsewhere. The dancing was a bit less then we expected but I don't want to take anything away from the one lady dancing or from the guitar player... they were good! I wouldn't suggest taking a date to this place unless you don't like them!
Went for the Latin/Salsa nights advertised on the website.  I think the DJ played maybe 6 Latin songs, one salsa, a few merenge, some reggaeton and then it all went to hell.  I think some of the patrons requested some not so "Latin" music and next thing you know, it was time for "let me take a selfie".  I can see why the crowd was so small since they likely do not stick to the advertised music.  I wrote the DJ a note, "It is Latin/Salsa night, you should play that sh** meng" with an unhappy face.

I doubt I'll be back.  Although for those few songs, it was fun.
Totally agreed with the reviewer that mentioned that this place had a distinct foreign flavor.  Barcelona without the plane ticket, I'd say.  Stopped in on the way to SMOCA for a drink and stumbled upon happy hour.  Yummy tapas, futbol on the telly, and the owner served us himself at the bar.  Lovely, wonderful man who takes great pride in his heritage and food.  The sweetbreads are simply not to be missed.

Very friendly staff, and deserves to be recognized as "the real thing".
If it was not for the coupons we would not have gone, bland food, overpriced and poor service!
Interesting place. I used to study in Spain and thought some of the food was pretty good...rest was bland. Sangria had one little orange slice. Water waitress wouldn't leave us alone. She must have come to our table 15 times to fill up our water glasses, even if they were still full. Another waiter was trying to clear everything off of our table at rapid speed. I felt rushed even though it was empty on a Saturday night.


I had an expired Groupon that I was going to use paid value for. My aunt had a coupon from entertainment book for one free entrée, however we weren't allowed to use coupon. My aunt tried to explain to manager that the groupon wasn't a coupon since it expired. We were just using it as cash value. However, he failed to understand and was rude.

Oh, and food was overpriced in relation to decor and service.
Nothing wrong with the place. I gave it 3 stars because it was so...how do you put it...predictable (?) for a restaurant located in DC Ranch:

Loud music...check
dimly-lit space using sleek industrial lighting...check
Guys who use lots of hair products...check
Women wearing halter tops of every shade and style...check
waiters dressed up in ninja black...check
60-year old men with their 40-year old altered-looking dates...check

There was no mistaking, the ambiance oozed of 85255. The food was not bad. We tried quite a number of tapas selection, and not one would be considered mediocre. In fact the veal, was exceptional. Very moist and tender, the kind that would just melt in your mouth. The calamari was delectable as well. It wasn't covered completely in breading (like some restaurants do to make the pieces look bigger). You can actually see that what you're eating is deep fried squid with enough crust/breading to give it a slight garlicy-taste. The aioli dipping sauce that went with the calamari complimented the dish nicely. 

The surprise of my dinner was the brussel sprouts. Now, I normally don't like brussel sprouts, but this particular dish was done right. Steamed and then grilled (it seemed...I don't know, but in between sangria and wine, the different dishes I was tasting were starting to blend together), it had a lemony garlic taste that masked that somewhat bitter aftertaste that I get after ingesting mom's. You have to try it! 

The vibe was a bit too "cold" for me. Everyone enjoying their own little clique while sipping wine. You know the scene. The sommelier, to me, was the most animated character in that joint (of course, aside from my dining compadres). If you do decide to go, ask for David, the sommelier...he might just offer you a good deal on a very expensive decanter for a fraction of the cost...hmmm...

Worth a try. They take reservations.
While the food at Sol Y Sombra wasn't complicated, it was certainly yummy and the service was (surprisingly given the cool vibe and the beautiful people -- I mean the staff not just the customers) totally relaxed and friendly.

There we were schlepping in with our shorts and t-shirt...and without a reservation at that.   No attitude from the hostess.  Though the place was fully booked, we were happy with our bar seats...easy access to their yummy mojito and sangria..and the tapas started flowing. 

On my  to be repeated list were the baby back ribs (for the sweet/tart quince and sprinkle of pimenton), the asparagus with crab (loved loved the romesco sauce) and the trout with sprinkle of hazelnut and salsa verde

Everything else (calamari, pan fried potatoes, brussel sprouts, mussels in tomato broth) were all solid.  

3 stars for food alone and extra star for friendly service
Wow.  I have been receiving emails from Sol y Sombra and my husband and I decided to check it out.  We are big fans of tapas of all varieties and the menu intrigued us.  With no reviews on Yelp we had no idea what to expect!

We were expecting to go to a "traditional" Spanish restaurant but when we arrived we were treated to a very trendy lounge atmosphere.  Which, although not what we were expecting, suited us just fine.  The atmosphere is very lively with upbeat lounge music, dim lighting, couches and plush arm chairs, and loud chatter.  (What?!  What did you just say?!)   

Upon being seated we were immediately welcomed by the Sommelier who selected a perfect and reasonably priced bottle of Spanish wine, one that is apparently difficult to get.  (I'm sorry, it was actually a Basque wine.)  Seeing that we were enjoying it, he wrote down the information about the wine and distributor for us so we could purchase it ourselves.

There are many, many tapas choices, ranging in price from $5 to $18.  We selected 4 and it was more than enough.  Our favorite was the shrimp with garlic cream sauce.  We also had the signature Pollo Champion which was delicious and bountiful.  We also had the asparagus with crab which was a good palette cleanser between the dishes (the crab had a good citrus flavor).  Our least favorite was the crispy snail just because it didn't have enough flavor or sauce (we are so used to escargot which is drowned in garlic and butter).  We ended with the baked apple dessert which was phenomenal!  It had a salty/sweet balance which I adored.

The service was great, our server was attentive the whole night and had great suggestions.  The food came out extraordinarily quickly (I'm talking 5 minutes after ordering), but we weren't rushed at all and we were able to sit and enjoy the food and experience.  All in all, the food alone with dessert was only $55 which is more than reasonable. 

There is ample free parking at the DC Ranch and also valet for $5 (shared with Fleming's so it's not directly in front of Sol y Sombra).  But be forewarned, it's on the second floor.

Update:

I've been to Sol many many times now and everytime the food is fantastic and the service is superb.  We took my little sister here (who is the pickiest eater I've ever met....the girl doesn't eat vegetables!)  and she enjoyed herself.  She was drinking soda all night and our server brought her over her own carafe of it so she could refill as she wished. 

Their Happy Hour is also very good.  You have to sit at the bar but they always have 5 or 6 tapas for about $5 or $6 and a few glasses of wine on special.  Definitely a nice way to unwind, especially when the sun is setting.

I think that now I've tried almost all the tapas they offer (they change the menu seasonally though so it never gets boring) and I have never been disappointed.
Nicely decorated...cool atmosphere...but the food sucks. Just go here for a drink before or after dinner somewhere else.
Mouth watering. That's all I have to say.

The food at this place is seriously amazing. Everything we tasted was better than the dish before it, and we had a fabulous bottle of white wine to accompany our meal. The scallops were a highlight, as was the potato pie dish (that's not a very technical name for what it was, but that's my best effort). It was all very, very good, and the only thing keeping us from returning is the cost! We genuinely enjoyed our evening here, and we will absolutely go back, but it is pricey, especially for the size of the dishes.

The atmosphere and ambiance are so fun, and this place is a little dressier and trendier than some other places we've been in Scottsdale. I highly recommend this for a night out with friends, or a cool date night. It seemed as though reservations would be a good idea, although we didn't have them and were okay (it was busy, though).
Sometimes you can disguise mediocre food with nice packaging. That's Sol Y Sombra. Over priced for what you get. I've NEVER left there feeling like....wow....I just had a fantastic meal. Very disappointing.
I have to confess that I have not been able to make it to Sol y Sombra for dinner, but I am here to rave about their Sunday brunch service--of which I have become an addict.

Brunch starts at 10:30, which is just about right for my girl friends and me.  I highly recommend patio seating if the weather allows.  Mimosas are tasty and the coffee is also a nice way to welcome the day.

The brunch is served tapas style, per the rest of the meals served at the restaurant.  A good rule of thumb seems to be one small plate per person plus 1-2 extra to share.  The food comes out quickly so you can always order more.  After many visits, we have determined our favorites to be 1) patatas bravas (like socially-acceptable chunky french fries with a great flavor kick), 2) almond french toast (they serve it with syrup AND chocolate sauce, come on), 3) tortilla espinaca (this really interesting quiche-type dish with a bacon-infused sauce...really nice), 4) skirt steak with romesco sauce (gotta fit the protein in there somewhere).

This is a great place to waste away a Sunday morning--aside from the mouth-watering food, you'll find a lovely atmosphere, great music, and calm goodness.
AZ Central had an intriguing review on their website, so I thought I'd give Sol y Sombra a try. I figured since it's in DC Ranch that I'd have to look "Scottsdale-presentable" (you know what I mean: trendy clothes, shoes with a little heel, cute bag...) I met friends there after work around 6:15 so it was during happy hour, meaning $5 tapas. We ordered the tortilla espanola, patatas fritas, some semi-spicy chicken dish, and calamari, which was all excellent. I don't think it was very authentic Spanish as I've been to Spain, but it was pretty good. Very good wine menu...I ordered the second grenache listed for $10. The wine was a little pricey, but the variety was impressive. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting to share a bite with friends...I only wish we had time to walk around afterwards!
Simply amazing and completely fitting for a 500th review.  

I don't know that a more lengthy first sentence can do it any better. I'll spare you from the I went to Spain bullcrap, but I do know good Spanish dining on several different levels and Sol y Sombra overdelivers like a good night in the sack, and to help others this is completely worth the 30 mile drive north for Central Phoenix dwellers. 

If you walk away from this review with two tidbits, just know that the Tortilla Espanola (while basic-sounding and all) is the best $5 you will spend on a dinner. EVER.  With its huge impressive wedge appearance, it is more deliciously prepared and more filling than expected.  Also know that the wine list is lengthy and very comprehensive, but in an excellent way.  While I love Lola Tapas in Central Phoenix for its urban and sophisticated simplicity, this is one area in which it can't compete.

While the evening was more delightful because of our mailing-list 50-percent-off skillz, it should be even more noteworthy that such a thing is possible if you get off your duffs and give a brotha your email. 

Among other highlights would be the Pollo Colonial (a savory mix of sweet and spicy chicken curry), Grilled Calamari, Spicy Garlic Aioli Grilled Prawns, Grilled Asparagus.  But the most surprising of the night were the grilled brussel sprouts.  WTF?  I don't even like that shit.  But they grilled them with garlic, olive oil and seasoning, and if you do it that way it is ten times better than any veggie a teen would hate.  The Patatas Brava were just ok.  I still ate them, but they were a little more crispy than I care for.

The setting was impressive.  The dining room is grand, stylish and luxe in its understated way -- so symbolic of Madrid.  The layout and colors are complementary, trendy and tasteful all at once.  The patio is incredible if you can swing it.  There is not a bad seat in the house as the views from the second floor at DC Ranch are all great.

The host was accommodating given we were 10 minutes late (and called ahead) and the servers and sommelier were definitely helpful and steered us toward the right white wine we wanted for taste and value without trying to do the whole upselling crap.  The wine was excellent and was so fragrant and inviting that Melissa's purse had to have a taste.

Sol y Sombra is a definite five star destination restaurant that is worth it if you're coming from Central Phoenix, West Valley or SE Valley.
If Sol y Sombra were a person, I would marry it.  I would have to break out my thesaurus to come up with enough adjectives to say how simply awesome it is.

The inside is sleek, sophisticated, and sexy. The outdoor patio is a little oasis offering a view of DC Ranch. Service is impeccable...the waiters and bartenders are so friendly and very good at helping to make drink recommendations. My husband and I arrived a few minutes early for our group's 5 pm dinner reservation this past Saturday and didn't realize they didn't open until 5 pm. A staff member had ridden up in the elevator with us and said it was OK for us to come in, so we sat at the bar and saw the staff put the finishing touches before opening (it took me back to my waitress days). My husband ordered a beer while we waited and when we went to pay when our dining companions arrived, he was only charged $2.50 which was so nice.

The food and drinks are out of this world.  The wine list is comprehensive and offers something for everyone.  The Albarino is delicious...so delicious in fact that my clutch purse wanted some (I accidentally spilled some when I was there with friends...too many mojitos at the pool beforehand I suppose). There is a good beer selection, ranging from domestics to imports...they even have a Spanish beer made in Germany (Estrella).  The champagne I have tried is really good as well, as was this "Aqua" shot I tried.  The food itself is heavenly, although some things I liked one time were not as good this past time, and vice versa. By not as good, I mean only 4.5 stars as opposed to 5!

The dishes I have tried and loved include: tortilla espanola, pollo colonial (better the first time I had it), soft lettuce with manchego cheese and rioja vinaigrette (the vinaigrette gave the dish a great flavor), pan con tomate, calamari (I liked how there weren't many squidy pieces since those aren't my favorite), and the patatas bravas (better the second time I had them). My husband also tried the asparagus (really liked the romesco sauce that came with it) and the shrimp.  We had the poached apple for dessert this past Saturday and even though I swore I wouldn't have a bite, I caved...it was so good!

Even if gas gets to $6/gallon, I will still drive up to DC Ranch to eat at Sol. That is how good it is.
Can a cocktail and tapas on a Wednesday night be sexy?

The answer...YES!  very...very...sexy...

I had the esteemed pleasure of dining at Sol Y Sombra this evening with my best friend and we had a beautiful experience.  We made a reservation for 6:30 with hopes of participating in happy hour but sadly this only takes place at the bar area (really should have studied the yelp reviews first).  Notice that they still receive 5 stars...

4 tapas and several cocktails later, we realized that we had just spent our evening (and a few days paycheck) in paradise.  From the decor to the service to the delicious food to the sangria, this was a perfect evening.

Great place to take a date, a group, or anyone you want to impress.  In fact, I actually  almost feel like a cooler person (is it possible?) since dining at Sol Y Sombra...I must return (especially for happy hour)!
Sol y Sombra was really far to drive from South Phoenix, but was totally worth it - the tapas were really high-quality and flavorful for the price. We had reserved a table on OpenTable.com but were about 20 minutes late (we took the first Pima Road exit on 101 instead of the second - anyone know what I'm talking about?!), so we got seated at a table in the bar area. It was definitely a good spot for people-watching but not as romantic (or quiet) as some of the tables in the main area seemed. Oh well! At least we got to see some of Scottsdale's best (and worst) dressed. I went to a really elite prep school in Los Angeles, but I was on financial aid and never really part of the in crowd. When I would sit around imagining what my cool peers did together in their spare time, I imagined something like the bar scene at Sol Y Sombra - girls in flowered dresses and heels flitting around guys in European wear with expensive watches. 

Ah, well, I digress. The tapas were simply delicious. We had the tortilla espanola, stuffed piquillo pepper, sauteed clams (or were they mussels?) with chorizo, baby back ribs, calamari, manchego cheese/serrano ham/fig. The calamari was a real standout - as my husband commented, this calamari's crust was what restaurants are trying to achieve when they say that their calamari is "lightly fried." To finish the meal, we had the vanilla scented grilled pear with goat cheese and almonds. It might be one of the best things I've ever tried and it was the perfect end to the meal. All told, the food we had (7 dishes) was about $80. My Matador cocktail (tasted like tequila with orange juice) was $8. Not too bad for really light, fresh, flavorful tapas! And if you felt marginalized in highschool, you might feel empowered showing up and being one of  (or near) the in crowd at Sol y Sombra. Just don't forget to dress your best!
This place is so friggin good. I have been to Sol Y Sambra twice and loved it both times. Very veggie friendly, too!
We came here on a Sunday at 11 for brunch. Unfortunately, a bad time for people watching.  Besides our table of 3, there was only one other table (father/daughter) occupied.  I was a little disappointed but not too surprised considering DC Ranch's 'remote' location.

However, the staff was friendly and the tapa's were great (especially the almond french toast), but if you're hungry, order big or go home.  The bartender gave us mimosa's on the house and after ordering 5 dishes, the bill only came to $45.00, split between the 3 of us.  

I can see this place being a lot of fun at the right time, and very romantic as well.  I'd like to go again, but likely not for brunch.
I've been here about a dozen times and every time has been a great experience (really fun for groups with a ton of small plates in the middle of the table). During the high season, best to get a reservation but this last Wednesday, pretty quiet.  The food is amazing as is the decor.  When they seated us, the host asked if I wanted a pillow for my high backed chair-nice!  The service was great-staff is laid back and personable (knowledgeable, too).  I stick to the veggie fare, but my hubby goes for the meat dishes. They have plenty of great wines (we stay in the $40-50 range and still fabulous-you can go way up from there , but..). Topped it off with an espresso martini and was good to go.  Dress: casual/hip/sexy. Can't wait to go back.
By far the best tapas in AZ. Perhaps the best tapas i have ever had. Great Spanish wine list. Wifey can eat veggie (which I can sample) but the meat dishes are out of this world. The Pollo Colonial is a must. The staff is personable and knowledgeable. The crowd, atmosphere and music make it a perfect place for eats, drinks and fun.
ok: cons
Its not in my neighborhood
its a little pricey
its loud and crowded
pros
food is great
service is decent
wine and drinks are good
good looking people in strange outfits
First thank you to Yelp, Gabi and Sol Y Sombra for the gift card it made me go back and visit a lot quicker. I love the decor here! The booths are so comfy, you may never want to leave and that could be very dangerous here! Unfortunately I am with the minority on this one after this visit. I wanted to make it here for brunch but that didn't happen so dinner it was. There wasn't too many other parties it was pretty empty in there when we arrived. Off season and no Sommelier this day. We sat inside first and ordered some Peroni (am I the only one who finds an Italian beer here a little weird?) to drink. Some tomato bread which the server promptly corrected me "You mean Pan con Tomate?!? Yes I wont touch that one. Then the Tortilla Espanola I tried those at the OYE already and they were delicous I would probably come here just for those!

Now we had forgotten there was happy hour and were told it was only on the patio or at the bar, we thought it was a tad odd considering the place was so empty. So we decided we'd like to move out on the patio mind you HH was almost over. So the waitress tells us that we would have to close out the bill then move outside where she would be our server again. Huh?? The hub asked what he thought was a manager if it would be a problem he was just a waiter and told us "Yes that will be a problem" so after a lot of looking at each other like WTF our waitress finally gets the manager please forgive me I am so bad w names people. He came over and told us we didnt have to move if we wanted that we could order off the HH menu. Thank you! At that time we decided to move outside anyway for the view, they helped move all our stuff over after that dilemma everything went pretty smoothly.

We continued with the soft lettuce it was really good the almonds were awesome but I cant say anything special about the sauce unfortunately. Next came the calamari def worth trying its a good size portion and worth every penny. The shrimp I will probably pass on next time they were ok not worth 4 for $16 eh I did not think they were that special tasting but they were big. Then there was the piquillo pepper it was stuffed with tuna I was expecting raw tuna or something not canned, it wasn't spicy at all. Think tuna salad but there was capers instead of pickles it wasnt anything special go for something else or I'd suggest it for lunch more than anything. We did not have any dessert nothing really appealed to us on the menu so we just ordered another round of drinks the mojito I had for desert was ok as well.

This place reminds me of the Scottsdale stereo type where I was not blown away by the food and the normal overpriced drinks I can see this being a neutral watering hole where the cougar and trout come out of their lairs to play simultaneously during the cooler months. I did not see anyone dressed up so I am guessing thats more of a night thing. Overall this experience was 2 stars the ambiance and the drinks get one more. Super Strong drinks here and with the possibility that I ordered the wrong things this time I will be back to try more stuff and figure out what I like. I want to give more stars I really really do,  hopefully things wont be too confusing next time.
I went up to DC Ranch on a first date, new to the area so it was new to me. She suggested we initially meet here, but then changed her mind and this was our second stop. I was impressed with the space. It was a Friday night and I was surprised that it wasn't more crowded. We started there around 9. The bar is very trendy looking. We asked if we could be seated outside mainly because the music was just too loud. Granted I don't mind loud music, but considering hardly any one was in there and the  mood felt like it should have been more intimate, it was overstated. We did get to sit in a booth outside which was very nice. The booths were semicircle with high leather backs. On the table was this large candle holder. It looked like a glass brick which was about two feet high and six inches thick. And yes the glass was thick so the light was very dim. Normally I wouldn't complain about that, but when I asked to see the bar menu, it was close to impossible. I asked the waiter for more light so he brought over three of these things. Still not enough light. I finally asked another waiter who was walking by if he had a flashlight just so we could read the menu. And oddly he did have one of those pocket ones. FINALLY! I thought that was nice of him to do that. The night was very relaxing and from where we sat, there was a great painting with vibrant colors on the wall. It looked nice enough to want it in my house. I never asked the waiter for it though. We stayed there about an hour and a half and just talked.
This was my first encounter with Tapas and I have got to say, it was amazing!! My sister and I got the oppurtunity to attend the Yelp Elite Event held here, and we really enjoyed ourselves.

It's a FAAAR drive from my house (almost an hour!) but it was nice to have a change in scenary and pace. So we took my car out there and when we got there, we rode the elevator and were very impressed with their amazing decor. Swanky, fresh, and lusty... it was casual, chic and comfortable at the same time!

We were met with a very helpful staff who enjoyed seeing our reactions to all the great food! Maybe it was the entire pitcher of sangria I had to myself... but those were the BEST damned baby back ribs I have ever had! Sweet, spicy and falling off the bone! They were so succlent, I wanted to cry. I had a chance to talk with their head chef and complimented them on all the great food, the asparagus was devine as was the chorizo and potato dish! My favorite for the night! I guessed how it was made and wasn't told a THING! DAMNIT! (grrr!) I fell in love with the Spanish tortilla which is more like a frittata or really thick omlette. 

Every dish was spot on and made me want to cry... or was that the entire pitcher of sangria again? I unno, but it was incredible and the back patio was amazing! Perfect for parties and out door dining. I would recommend this for anyone willing to travel to it's far north location.

To my yelpers: if this is far for you, like it's far for me... I still say GO! Give sitting indoors a try and tell me how it goes. Order the baby back ribs and chorizo potatos and be ready to beg the chef for the secret recipe like I did! Try the sangria, but don't drink the entire pitcher like I did... I wound up talking about Dominatrix Dungens in an Applebee's parking lot that night!! Not a pretty sight! :(
I finally hit up the happy hour here I have to say I probably wont be back. 


The service was great, our server was really cool and helpful. The decor very nice, outside had great views. 

I ordered the chicken thing on the tapas menu. BAD! It tasted like Chinese food for 1. For two they used what I I believed was wing meat and left the skin on. It tasted like a mayo Asian grease dish. 

We also got the potato thingy on the tapas. I will say the texture they got the potato's to was amazing, then they screwed the whole thing up with the sauce. It was like a vinegar paprika sauce. 

Seriously this food tasted like it was made at like a friends house who is a pretty good cook.........at her house. 

This was not chef quality. 

The last tapas we got was this broccoli with an onion sauce. This was actually really really good. I would eat this all day, but for 5 dollars, which is not alot they give you 3 half's of large broccoli sprigs. 


Since the potato's were like eating a badly seasoned douche bag, the waitress took them back and we ordered a dessert instead. 


Of course I asked if they used anything with trans fat and the server went and asked the kitchen. She came back and said they cooks were like NO WAY!!! This made me feel really good. We got the chocolate tart, very good.
After having been here for the Yelp OYE and reading the amazing reviews, Sol y Sombra was high on my list of places of try. When my parents came to town, my husband and I knew that  a visit to Sol y Sombra was definitely in order. Last night we finally got that chance.

The space is gorgeous. Dark, understated, and very elegant. The restaurant wasn't very busy when we got there but we were eating a bit early, so we weren't surprised. I do have to say, I liked the size of the tables. So often, eating tapas means a conglomeration of plates on the table that crowds everything.

So here's the deal. I've been to Spain. I've had my fair share of tapas. This isn't Spain, and of course the little things that make eating tapas in Spain special aren't translated (you know, like sitting outdoors with a view of La Sagrada Familia in the distance). That said, Sol y Sombra does a fantastic job. We ate an incredible amount. We started with the scallops and the potatoes. The potatoes weren't amazing, but I loved their crispiness. I'm not a huge scallop fan, but I did like the lemon rice they were served with. Other highlights was the tortilla espanola (the egg and potato frittata like thing) and the brussel sprouts. To be quite honest, each item was amazing. We ended with a maple custard with candied butternut squash. I generally am not a fan of custard but this was phenomenal. I also loved that the wine menu was all Spanish wines. The sommelier was interesting. To be quite honest, I have yet to meet a sommelier that doesn't have a pretentious vibe and he was no different. But that said, it's not like we spent hours talking with him so it's not like we cared.

We had a wonderful server. He made great suggestions, even if we didn't choose them all. He did a great job of making sure the food was staggered a bit so we weren't overloaded with plates. Other people around the restaurant came by to refill water or clear plates. I seriously don't think a plate sat empty at our table for more than 3 minutes. 

It was a perfect cap to the weekend, and I hope to return to Sol y Sombra soon.
I hate to be predictable and rave about the happy hour, but I have to rave about the happy hour. 

YUMMY! All the $1 tapas items are GREAT. Especially the tortilla espanola, ham croquettes, bacon wrapped stuffed dates, do I have your attention yet? I paired these little loves with a few of the 'Matador' drinks ($5 at happy hour). I know that there is tequila in them, don't ask me to remember the rest! All I know is "it tastes so good when it hits your lips"! 
A cocktail that isn't overly sweet with a great kick. 

Everything was great, loved the atmosphere. There were 12 of us, we had lots and lots of nibbles, drinks, and the bill was just about $200. You do the math.... that's a GREAT deal! Seems like a great place for a date, a girls night out, a place you want to go to impress, dress and de-stress....
Came here for drinks (no food) after dinner. It was pretty noisey inside so we headed out to the patio. It was great. It was a chilly night so my boyfriend and I had a couch under a heat lamp and a blanket (which they provided) and the patio all to ourselves. I enjoyed a couple of great glasses of wine and they played music in the background.
Just a quick update to note that I have now been here for dinner several times, and I reiterate my 5-star rating.
I love living near this place.  I'm a big fan of tapas and have tasted nearly everything on the menu, as well as brunch (which is AMAZING).  A couple of items not to miss are the octopus, the fried anchovies, and the brussles sprouts.  David is also great with his wine selection.  Be sure to ask him for help if you don't know your Spanish varietals.  Don't miss this place if you are in the mood for great food and wonderful decor.  The place is hoppin as well later at night.
Yesterday I met three girlfriends at Sol y Sombra for brunch at noon. I had made a reservation, but when we arrived, it was apparent it was not necessary because the entire inside was empty and there was only one couple on the patio. By the time we left at 2 pm, only one other table on the patio was sat. I'm thinking that many people may not know Sol has brunch since they are only open for dinner every other night of the week.

The only disappointing part of Sol's brunch is that there are only two "breakfast" choices on the menu - almond french toast served with a side of maple syrup and a side of chocolate sauce and a egg, cheese and chorizo sandwich. We ordered both, as well as Sol favorites tortilla espagnola, artichokes, patatas bravas, gambas, and scallops. I liked the egg sandwich because it did not have a ton of chorizo on it, nor a very chorizo-like flavor (can you tell I'm not a fan of chorizo?). The almond french toast was really good and a hit with our group, although we all decided we preferred it with the maple syrup rather than the chocolate sauce. One of my dining companions had never been to Sol before (the other three of us had), but now she can't wait to go back for dinner.

The two best parts of brunch (other than the fabulous food) were $5 mimosas and the fact that we had a coupon for half off our brunch (my friend received it when she dined at Sol for NYE), so our total bill came to $57.
My guy and I LOVE this place.  We left so happy with our experience that we couldn't stop talking about it for days!  The tapas is gourmet and absolutely fabulous!  The drinks were wonderful as well.  The decor is AWESOME!  The staff was great.  We had a reservation on a Friday night and we needed it.  

Honestly, the only thing that we did not like about this restaurant is that it was EXPENSIVE!  Everything else is kick-ass!
This place is just down the road from me and I wish I frequented it more often. It's got a distinct DC Ranch vibe, so be forewarned, you should put on your nice shoes before you head out. The food is so vibrant, though. Don't expect the stuffy steaks and salmon fillets you'd find at other spots in the neighborhood. 

I've been a couple of times and each time I've been pleased. The atmosphere is lively and loud, but it's got an intimate, classy interior and a rockin' patio that overlooks the McDowells. I've heard people complain that the employees are too stuffy, but I've never had a problem. Their bar rules, the cocktails are pricey but extremely satisfying and the desserts do not disappoint.

I just have to go ahead and recommend about every damn thing on the menu. It's constantly revolving, so I won't get too specific, but think spicy Spanish plates to share. They have excellent homefry-like little nuggets of spuds that are dipped in a spicy red aoili and fried up. I had a piece of grouper that was unbelievable. And the beef spare rib fell off the bone, and had some nice spice and smokiness. 

Overall, it's a great weekend spot... even better with a bigger group so you can try lots of plates and share. It's hard to find any tapas spots this far north, and it's certainly one of the better spots in the neighborhood.
Yea. this place rocks. It's fun - food is great - it's a WONDERFUL place to take out of towners, business cohorts, and friends. 
The food is just superb.
The service CAN BE spotty - but I wouldn't knock them down a star just for that.
It just rocks.
I'm officially in love with Sol Y Sombra. I wasn't sure if I had room in my heart to love another tapas place, but turns out I'm shameless and can love many at one time. 

My visit to Sol y Sombra was on a beautiful spring evening. Mr. Hottie and I decided to go out on a date. There was a nice breeze so we chose to sit outside. We were greeted by a server that was QUITE enthusiastic almost to the point of annoyance, but hey he was friendly and attentive. 

We looked over the menu and I suggested that we order every single item on it. I was reigned in and made to pick out 6 dishes. We ordered the: 
*Tortilla Espanola -amazing, I could have devoured the whole slice by myself. 
*Brussels sprouts- I didn't like them. For some reason the cook must have gone crazy with the lemon. We sent them back. 
*Chilled Asparagus w/Romanesco sauce- YUM! Big thick spears of asparagus covered with a creamy red sauce. 
*Gambas a la plancha- LARGE shrimp with a garlic aioli. The shrimp were tender and juicy. Fantastic. 
*Skirt steak ala plancha with romanesco sauce- tender, juicy nice char flavor and more of that glorious sauce. 

We washed it all down with copious amounts of sangria and I was in heaven! 

I will CERTAINLY return to Sol y Sombra again! It was a relaxing spot with great food and good service.
Funny thing to say, I have to agree with ALL of the reviews. The food is very fresh and well thought out (althought the chicken dish left much to be desired... it DID taste like wing meat and imparted a not-so-pleasant aftertaste). The decor is a little cold, too contemporary; it might cozy things up to add a few softer touches, like more flowers, softer art. The industrial feel didn't mesh with the warmth of Spanish food. Anyway, the four of us enjoyed each dish, and the lightness of the flavors, but it is easy to rack up a $160 tab (with only four alcoholic and two non-alcoholic drinks) by ordering 9 plates and two desserts. In all honesty, we wanted a taste of everything because of the variety on the menu. The chocolate tort was outstanding! But I have to say, my lasting impression is that I am not likely to return, only because the food was just good, not overly memorable. To get the context of my tastes, we enjoy Chelsea's, LGO, Barrio Cafe, Zinc Bistro...

By all means, try this restaurant. It is worth a visit.
very good. we sat at the bar to get the happy hour prices.  all the tapas were 5 bucks.  the sangria was very good and strong.  The bartenders were easy on the eyes. I loved the olives with piquillo peppers and pickled garlic. it was just the same as I have had in Spain. it wasn't cheap, we still spent about $60 just on tapas and two drink each but we left full and happy. If we lived in AZ we'd be back at least once a month.
Also found this place on Yelp, and Yelpers were very helpful again.  With all these reviews, I'll just say that the olives, tortilla, and calamari were all great.  The artichoke was also great, though messy to eat--I recommend it but eating it around people you are not trying to impress.  Dave had the duck, and gives it a 7 on a scale of 1-10.  I don't eat duck, so I didn't try it.  

I did try the white and red sagrias, as well as the matador and the mojito.  All drinks were very tasty and great additions to our meal.  For dessert we had the chocolate tart--delicious.

Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.  We did have a hard time finding the place, even once we were in the parking lot and in front of a map.  You have to go find the stairs, then go up them, then find the door.  This place could have been easier to find.
I really wanted to like this place, I did. What with the tapas and the good reviews it has, I figured that I was in for a real treat. And while the ambiance of the restaurant definitely delivered - a cool, dark interior with comfy booths and high-back chairs isn't somthing I scoff at - the food, well...it left something to be desired. 

Let me commend our waitress though, because she was great - no complaints about the service itself. And also: my diet coke came with its own carafe...how cool is that? Definitely an awesome idea.

Now for the bad news: the tapas themselves. We began by asking for our waitress' recommendations on food, and ended up ordering four dishes that she mentioned (five total):
  -  Tortilla Espanola: This was one that she didn't mention, but some Yelpers did, so we started with what appeared to be potatoes au gratin, minus the cheese, served in the form of deep-dish pie with sour cream drizzled on top. That's the best way I know how to describe it. And it was pretty good, but...very rich. A little more than I was wanting/expecting for my first dish, but this one we actually did end up finishing.
  -  Calamari with smoked paprika and citrus aioli: I'm an ailoi fan myself, but something about this particular one didn't do it for me...it was just way too citrus-y, I think. I'm pretty sure that we only ended up eating half the bowl - and it wasn't a huge bowl.
  -  Grilled short ribs with Salbitxada and green onion: short ribs are probably one of my fav dishes of all time, so believe me when I say I've had a few in my lifetime - and these were just not cutting it in any way. I'm willing to admit that this could just be because they were too underdone for my taste, which is, of course, a matter of preference. But even the outer, more done parts didn't have great flavor, and the bizarre stuff underneath wasn't exactly delectable...I took a bite of it, having no clue what it was, and was quite unpleasantly surprised by the flavor/texutre...yikes. We didn't end up finishing this dish, either.
  -  Seared Alaskan halibut with carrot sauce and dungeness crab salad: All of the components of this dish just sort of...clashed. It's hard to explain, but the weird flavor combo completely overshadowed what was actually pretty decent halibut...how sad.
  -  Grilled brocolli, caramelized onion sauce, sea salt and olive oil: This was probably the best thing we ordered...pretty good flavor and grilled. Still, not good enough to get again.

None of the food was spit-it-into-your-napkin-because-you-can't-swallow-it bad (if it was, this place would be getting a heck of a lot fewer stars than 3), but it just...wasn't that good. I don't think I'd order any of the items that we got again. Granted, they have a lot of other dishes on their menu, but...these were all things that our waitress recommended! So if these are their top-shelf dishes, I don't see much reason for me to ever come back.
I had heard this place was tasty and went to happy hour to try it out.   Some of the items were really tasty and some were just okay.  I tried a fair amount of the small tapas menu, it was only $1. =)  They have bigger portions for $5.  The white sangria was yummy and my friend had a pomegrante drink that wasn't overly sweet.  They have a special event going on every Tuesday,  the sommelier has an hour long class on wines from a specific region.  I believe the $30 price includes tasting and food.  It seemed interesting.  I am thinking about coming back just for that.
Great place for tapas! I really enjoy this restaurant for a couple reasons. 1 being that they change the menu constantly and 2 being that each item on the menu is always good. Some are better than others, but the worst thing on their menu is good.

I love going with 2 or 3 other people so we can order a variety of things and I can try new and different kinds of food. Sol Y Sombra is always a nice change of pace from other Scottsdale eateries. 

Nice cocktail and wine list also.
Such a great place- 
Great ambiance & atmosphere and the food is incredible.

Strongly suggest to any newbies to try the Pollo Colonial w/ sweet and spicy glaze and the patatas Bravas: [spicy potatoes] the portions are enough for 2 (in some cases). Chase that meal with some of their House Sangria and you are set. 

The staff was very friendly and courteous. If you're looking to take your significant other out or possibly going out for a first date, this is a great place.
The Mr and I love to go to San Francisco.. we try to go at least once a year. During the time we aren't there are always hip on reading about it and staying on top of what's going on there. I'm not talking about what color pleather is going to match what feather boa (Oh nelly!).. for us SF is about as center of the universe as you can get for foodie goodness! Some of the sexiest and tastiest restaurants we've been are in SF. Many cater to a more sophisticated diner as well as take advantage of the local artisan breads, cheeses and produce.

Then along came Methode. 

When we walked into the space we knew that they were onto something. Rustic chic I think would be the way Id describe the space. Very comfortable, sexy and romantic. The staff was warm and inviting
leading us to our table. While the dining room was pretty full the noise levels were very minimal.. I think due to the fact that most seemed to be there for a romantic dinner (close talkers and such). 

Being curious foodies we ordered the heck out of the menu.. sweet corn soup, foie gras and sweetbreads. Oh how I love sweetbreads! Corn soup, was off the chain!

Dinner was Risotto for the Mr and Prime Rib Deconstruct for me. Yes and yes and yes some more.. toes were curling.. eyes rolling back in head.. we are talking about food here right? 

The service and the kitchen were spot on, from the presentations, food temp and timeliness we were back in SF.. it doesn't get to be 110 in SF, back to reality.
Don't let the negative reviews about "Methode Bistro" affect your decision to dine there. The restaurant is off the charts!!! The cuisine is exquisite and the service is impeccable. I had the squab and foie gras appetizer (by the way, methode is one of the few places in town that actually serves foie gras now that Mary Elaine's and Marquesa are closed). 

The Paella entree was so robust in flavor - and by far the best and most well seasoned dish I haved had in any restaurant. Presentation was stunning and the flavors were amazing.

My only complaint, which does not even fault the restaurant is that the serving of foie gras are too small. Keep up the good work and best wishes for continued success.
This was one of the few actual culinary experiences that I have had so far in Arizona.  I'm giving it 4 stars, its really a 4.5 review but I'm rounding down on this one because the little things that would have pushed it to a 5 star review just weren't there.  (No amuse bouche, no sommelier, server failed to know what cheeses on our cheese plate were which)  I have other 5 star reviews for places where these things are not present, but here at Methode I expected them since they are trying to be a fine dining establishment.

We started off with a good bottle of wine, a nice French white recommended by our server that wasn't on the wine list.  It really went well with everything we ordered.  For an appetizer we started with the Camembert cheese baked in croissant dough which is served with jam and a side of strawberries in orange.  It was good and large enough to split, but felt slightly as if we were eating a glorified grilled cheese.  The selection of a more flavorful cheese would have really set the dish apart.  For an entree I chose the gnocchi with braised pork.  The gnocchi was savory and the pork serving was bountiful and tender.  My husband selected the roasted chicken with sage beignets, he was intrigued by the idea of a sage beignet which turned out to just be a deep fried sage leaf and not really at all like the beignets we are accustomed to.  The chicken itself was moist and flavorful, and the portion was much larger than what he was expecting.  For dessert we selected the cheese plate (which was good, although limited) and followed that with a chocolate pot du creme which was heavenly.  My husband also had a cappuccino which was very good.  

The atmosphere and service were perfect compliments.  Even before we had arrived, the host was very cordial and accommodating when making our reservation, trying to fit us in even though he had a full dining room and a private party in the lounge.  Our server was attentive without being obtrusive, replaced our flatware between courses and folded my napkin seconds after I had excused myself from the table.  I liked that even the host would periodically stop by between courses and make sure everything was going well.  Since there was the private party in the lounge/bar area we were in the side dining room but the bar/lounge looked lovely.  (They offer a happy hour that I really want to try, 3 tapas for $10 and half off all beers and wines by the glass)  There is one table in the dining room in which we were seated that was a large old oak table topped with candelabras with gobs of melted wax and a beautiful flower arrangement.  I loved that table so much I wanted to come back with a group of friends to be able to sit there!  (If you are coming with a group I would definitely request it)  Although there is no dress code I noticed that most men were wearing jackets, and failing that, collared shirts.  

All in all Methode was a lovely dining experience, one that I would not hesitate to repeat.  Our final bill came to $150, including a $55 bottle of wine, which is very reasonable.  For a small bistro in a strip mall in Scottsdale it was quite a find.
I discovered this hidden gem while shopping at TJ's and returned for Happy Hour between 4 and 6:30 from T-F.  The patio is in the afternoon shade and far enough off Scottsdale Road to avoid street noise. The seven Tapas (appetizers) attracted my interest and I ended up selecting 1) ebi prawn with grilled fennel, 2) tartine of bouillabaisse and 3) Medjul dates with merguez sausage, sugar cured bacon for the Happy Hour price of 3 for $10 vs the normal 3 for $15.  The single prawn was large and equal in quality to the fresh prawns I had just tasted in New Zealand plus the fennel added more flavor.  The tartine of bouillabaisse was mostly small shrimp but again very tasty and tempting to order a bowl the next time around.  The three Medjul dates with sausage/bacon  was an unusual combination to my culinary experience and superb in flavor.  The select wines were about half the normal price and a definite value at $5 per glass.  In talking with the waiter I noticed there is live jazz on Fridays between 5 and 8.  I will definitely have to return on a Friday to try the other tappas and listen to the Swedish singer who sings some songs in German... see tappas photo...

Update 4-25-08 - Happy Hour season ended this week... tappas special  no longer available but the thin crust pepperoni makes a good starter.  Entrees are in the $$$ range...
This was, food wise, the best restaurant in Phoenix.

Unfortunately I say food wise because it is no longer in operation and is now a restaurant called Bistro Italiano. Totally different ownership/management.
I loved this place.. going to miss it terribly!
I was lucky enough to be invited to an evening at Imagine Spain last week, before their Grand Opening.  (They are now officially open).  So, I cannot speak to the pricing although I have a feeling it's reasonable.  I can, however, tell you that the paella at Imagine Spain was just as amazing as the paella I remember eating in Valencia years ago!  This may be due to the fact that one of the owners is from there and brought the recipe with her!  I can also tell you that the sangria (I had the red) was so delicious - I couldn't get enough of it.  Good thing Jared was driving that night!

The decor is simple but cute... and the people were extremely welcoming... except for when Jared went into the women's bathroom because someone was in the men's and he really had to go - i don't think they were too happy about that!

Overall, if you like authentic Spanish food and a laid back, simple atmosphere, take a trip to Imagine Spain - it's the next best thing to the real thing... and much less time consuming and cheaper too!  Buen provecho!
Just got home from Imagine Spain.. while Ive never been to Spain so I cant compare, I can certainly imagine it quite easily after all the wonderful things we had this evening. We ordered 16 items in all.. practically one of each off the hot and cold menus as well as a paella.. we ate EVERYTHING! Was so tasty.. there was this tuna and eggplant dish that was so amazingly fresh and savory.. couldn't get enough! A couple of the tapas could have used a little bit of sea salt.. which might be a nice little touch later on.. a small finger bowl of Spanish sea salt.. yum! 

The seafood paella was cooked perfectly, all the way to the crispy little caramelized bits on the side and bottom of the pan..   now that's some serious tongue love right there!!

All these items came out to be around 130 bucks.. VERY well priced! Imagine Spain is a real treat and joy.. try this place before the word gets out and is packed every weekend!
I was so afraid to try "Imagine Spain" because, well, I've been craving a great tapas place for years and every time I think I've found one, I've been disappointed.
However, I'm glad my husband made me try this place out last night. It was fabulous! 
It's much smaller and more simple than I had imagined, first of all. And that's a good thing. It strikes me as a place that focuses on the FOOD, not on the fuss.
We had a great night here: Incredibly friendly waitstaff, great wines and sangria, and wonderful tapas. We shared the cheese plate, the sherry mushrooms, the tortilla and some mixture of roasted veggies and (tuna? I think?) along with the complimentary bread and sauces. Also, they gave us a little appetizer for free that was amazing. Then, my husband, dedicated to overstuffing himself, ordered the lamb entree, which he also said was very good.
The owner of the restaurant kept coming out to check on the customers, too, and chat with us, which was a nice touch.
This is a really great place and I hope that it does well in Scottsdale!
I really could not believe a place as good as this would be in a mall in Arizona, but everything in Arizona seems to be located in a mall, so...

In any case, the decor isn't much, really, but it's a restaurant, and therefore food takes top priority. As for food, this place was outstanding. The true Valencia tapas was A-mazing, especially the sweet dates wrapped in bacon. Out Philadelphia way,  we have the expensive but faboo Amada; this seemed like a more reasonable place with, thankfully, huge portions of paella, which was a mouthwatering delight!
I actually joined Yelp so I could add to the chorus of voices praising Imagine Spain. My family and I visited there during their new Sunday lunch hours, and we enjoyed the experience so much that I want to be sure the restaurant lasts a long, long time. 

I agree that the decor is serviceable without being fancy, but it also means that this is a restaurant where you go to eat and enjoy the company of your friends and family - casual, friendly, and very reasonably priced. The service was very attentive. We were there for a celebration, which the server acknowledged, and the chef prepared a special dessert and served it to us personally. 

We tried a variety of hot and cold tapas. While they were all delicious, we particularly enjoyed the tortilla espanola, the almond-stuffed dates wrapped in bacon, and the chorizo cooked in cider. We went through a large supply of bread, because the aiolli and tomato spreads were delicious. Somehow we also managed to eat most of our paella valenciana - we were stuffed, but it was too delicious to pass up! For dessert, we had the Tarta Santiago (a special large version), which was divine, but also very filling. The sangria was fantastic, as was the cafe americano we had to accompany our dessert.

I haven't been to Spain, though my parents have, and they found the food very authentic. It's as good - or better - than the Spanish food I've had in many other restaurants in Phoenix, San Diego, and Las Vegas. Overall, it was a great experience from start to finish, and I hope we have many more opportunities to visit Imagine Spain.

Added 3/30/09 - I have read in the news that Imagine Spain had some issues with an electrical fire and had to close for a while. It's back open now as "Poco", with the same owner and a new look. I haven't been there yet, but I've heard through Chowhound that it's just as good. I can't wait to go back!
Ok, so we knew the chef and he hooked us up with a huge sampling of the best of everything (no exaggeration!).  But I think that even if we paid full price, and only got to try a few of their appetizers and one Paella, I still would be giving Imagine Spain 5 stars.

It was really slow, and I felt sorry for the staff ... they seemed bored ... so all of you yelpers, go check out Imagine Spain.  It's delicious and more importantly, unique.  That's sometimes hard to find with the mass of cookie-cutter restaurants around here....
N.D. - I feel your pain because I was there last night too.

When I imagined Spain I thought of the wonderful discovery of the tapas concept when I went to Barcelona. Those quick, but delicious bites of food washed down with beer, cava or sangria.... Instead, I now imagine Spain as the longest dinner of the worst tapas, saved only by the company of good friends. 

We also had four people serving us - each so eager to tell us about how they were closing for a week for a wonderful remodel. New lighting, new colors, yada, yada, yada.

True, Imagine Spain doesn't exactly conger up trips abroad when you walk through the door. But a new coat of paint and cozy lighting ignores the bigger issues here. The owners should be imagining a new kitchen and wait staff and a new menu.

There are serious kitchen problems with this restaurant. They could have been overlooked with good service and good food, but this restaurant fails on all accounts. 

- Our clearly inexperienced waitress started the night telling us about the remodel - and how they were out of some of the tapas because they weren't restocking their kitchen. Great - would anything be fresh that night?

- It was clear no one was running the kitchen when it took a very long 20+ minutes for our soups and salads to come out. 

- No bread refills in that time or check ins to explain why. Just frantic servers standing by the kitchen window.

- When our food did arrive, that's when the co-owner decided to chat us up. Hey, did they hear about their fantastic remodel? Could they make anything better? Trust me I had plenty to say. But I really wanted to eat my salad and I still wanted to give the food a chance to save the day.

- The first tapa out was our fish croquet. My hungry vegetarian friends dived in - only to bite into a ham croquet.

- My friends and I have all traveled or lived in Spain. These tapas were OK, but hardly traditional.

- The final tapa out was the muscles. I love muscles and thought the this dish could save the whole evening. I grabbed one, popped it into my mouth and can't even describe the confusion I had when I realized it was still frozen!

- Our clueless waitress didn't even seem stunned by this. She just took them away and took them off the bill. 

All I can say to the owners is: Imagine This:

- a neon sign to tell people where you are on a dark night.
- a new kitchen staff - with someone in charge who can run a line and time dishes.
- step up and talk to your guests. Acknowledge problems before you bring them their food. Bring out bread, olives, drinks to fill the gap if the kitchen is behind.
- hire experienced servers. It's all nice and good that you're family run. But if your family can't handle more than two tables without stressing out you'll never get more than two tables.
My Mamma loves this place and always wants to go here when she comes to visit. I think its partly due to the handy 50% off voucher La Tasca email me every month. Otherwise I don't think we would bother.

We usually go around 12 and this place is always dead, but it slowly fills up so it's not all bad. It has a nice, warm Spanish-themed decor which can almost make you feel like you're in sunny Spain. Almost. For some reason it is always the same waiter in here, maybe they only have one? But we always seem to get the same guy, who I think might be Spanish.

The menu boasts an array of Tapas dishes to suit every sort of eater. A great selection of meat, fish, vegetarian and salad dishes so you are bound to find something. It can be hit or miss though, sometimes the Paella is great and sometimes it is very dry and bland. I love the Chorizo cooked in red wine and the Patatas Bravas. At lunchtime they offer a deal of 5 dishes for two people for £10. Which is okay and there is a good selection but with the handy 50% off voucher we tend to stick to the normal menu as there is more choice and it works out roughly the same price.

This restaurant has a nice atmosphere and is good for a quiet lunch where you can end up stuffing your face on the cheap.
If you are into Spanish food then this is the place for you and when you do get here and if they offer all you can eat then them the up on it - you won't regret it.  For about £10 I got a group all you can eat here (that's £10 per head) and I have to say I've never eaten so much good food in one sitting.  The superlatives are quite frankly unnecessary because none of them will do it any justice.

The meal itself is likely to take a lot of time.  If you get a group meal the food will arrive in batches for you to help yourself to whatever you fancy and if you get all you can eat, these batches will keep coming until you decide that enough is enough.  At this point you'll have a conflict of interest, for you'll still want to eat this delicious food, but you'll also be very aware that you've probably eaten more than enough already.
I love the concept of tapas and it's perfect for someone as indecisive as me whose eyes are bigger than their stomach. No matter what restaurant I go to, it always takes me an age to decide what to go for and the fact that I like pretty much about every food apart from mushrooms it doesn't make the choice any easier. Tapas is brilliant as it means I can try a whole bunch of stuff off the menu rather than just one main. I'm just back from Madrid and there's tapas absolutely everywhere, even in bog standard bars, it's awesome and I'm an even bigger tapas fan now than I was before. 

La Tasca has an excellent menu and they do an amazing patatas bravas and the two times I've been here the service has been of an excellent standard and the food even better.
La Tasca kinda gets a bad name, but I quite like it!! I know more than a few people who slate it because they think it's greasy and not up to scratch, 'Real Spanish food doesn't come in boxes' has been said more than once. So what, it's a franchise, but the food isn't bad!! It's quite a nice way to ease yourself into Mediterranean food if you ask me.

Price is good too!! There's always a decent offer on the internet for La Tasca, worth a look.
Sublime Spanish Tapas and what a lovely space! Very cozy and inviting. Definitely a highlight of our holiday travels.
Sorry, I don't get it. We came here for Valentine's Day because they were running a £15 fixed menu special. I'm not sure what the problem was, but our reservation was for 8:45 (way after the dinner rush) and the restaurant was not at all crowded, yet we waited over an hour for our main course. When it came, I wasn't at all particularly impressed with the food - the Paella was more like spanish rice with vegetables, something you'd get as a side dish to a burrito platter at a Mexican restaurant. The shrimp was like popcorn shrimp I'd get at a greasy diner in West Virginia. The best part of the meal was the awesome appetizer spread of bread, meats, cheese and olives. Other than that, the food was sub-par.

It's a shame, it's a beautifully decorated restaurant with a nice storefront. But if you're looking for great Spanish food, I'd go somewhere else.
I find La Tasca to be tapas my numbers - not particularly inspirational.  The one at the Omni Centre is better than the one on Charlotte Square.
Great service, quality food, and quick turn around from order to serving!
I came in on a Saturday and ordered 7-9 Tapas for 3 people, ample food. My top 3 choices were empanadas, potatoes, y the paella de carne. I suggest staying away from the American type food such as the wings and fried fish. The traditional sangria was a tasty treat!
After receiving an email midweek from these guys, as heading to the cinema in the Greenside complex, decided on paying them a visit, as I had not been there for a few months. Found a seat just outside, as was busy with a bridal party.

The menu states La tasca food to share, I thought really for me its enough for one; why share four prawns, (Gambas Gabardina Madrid), king prawns in San Migel beer batter, with mayo of garlic & paprika. Ordered these as I had plenty time before a film. The offer emailed to me this week, mentioned free coffee if ordering from their dessert menu. decided their dessert Spanish cheese board it looked appealing.

Containing blue, tetilla, manchego and goats cheese(among my favourites), and served with a crunchy sugar coated tort, fresh apple and quince paste...mmmm oh yes, good start to the weekend I thought as I tucked in. But I needed to email someone, so tried to access wifi. Was it free or was a password was required?

Management was quite pleasant and had a chat with him about how his chain was doing with the competition around, and if there was wifi available. He told me La Tasca recommends you use The Cloud, simply put name and password into site through Google, and your off, but with no connection or dedicated site to use, simple to access I hear you say; Hmmm?

It would have been easier if...id asked for a rabbit in a hat with a bat, as tried for about half hour to access any wifi(there are a few) but no luck on any. Possibly due to being too far from hub in question. Previous experience has taught me faint signal + ancient laptop = not a good combo, this has occurred before in other foodie places around town. 

My hour was up so asked for the bill from staff at the bar, but was beckoned to wait until another staff member who worked at the food till could ring up my order. 

Guess what, she didn't notice that I'd had dessert, and there was no notification on the bill to state discounted coffee with dessert as promised, so I queried this!

She rectified the problem after a few minutes, strangely discounting an odd amount from the order, I didn't have time to discuss it further but as the total was around £10, decided on tipping and then left. Moral check your bill b4 always...

The food was fine, coffee quite strong for a small cup, though not paint stripper strength, but you could taste a kind of espresso milky quality. The service was fantastically quick.

But what lets La T down is the comms between you, staff, bill and emails(of which there are probably many every week), thus trying to explain this to all involved. Oh yeah and not getting access to the web was a minus for me.

So three stars from me until all is resolved, but four stars for the menu.
I walked past a few time, then finally one late afternoon a week ago, we stopped by for 4 tapas, shared by three, with Sangria. fine food and service, will be back to try more from the menu
I'd agree with Stephanie here, it probably is the best Tapas experience in Edinburgh. I'm just going to add one thing, I've never had a problem getting a table here on the weekend, Thursday nights seem to be the killer! I don't think they run any specials or events, it's astonishingly packed for no reason.

So come any other night and taste the most authentic dishes in the city.
Tapas here are just so-so, and I say this as a person with somewhat extensive experience of the Spanish culture, and for that matter, also the tapas culture of Edinburgh.  The olives were mushy, old and obviously tinned, the bread was stale, the calamari was incredibly tough and impossible to enjoy.  The sangria was tasty, and the croquetas were standard, mystery-content fare (no complaints there).  The meatballs and chorizo were passable, but you can and should do better here in Edinburgh.
I've wanted to try this place out for some time and finally took the plunge to go here on Friday evening.  The place was pretty busy upstairs so we were seated downstairs.  The interior design is trendy but there are a lot of hard finishes - timber etc, no curtains or soft upholstery to absorb the sound, so it was quite noisy!  

The staff seemed really stressed out and busy too, which made the experience quite tense.  As soon as we arrived they got confused with our booking.  Service was slow and they didn't work very well as a team and that's the only reason I give this tapas restaurant a 2star rating.  The food was lovely, although a couple of dishes were warm, not hot - which probably had something to do with the disorganised waiters/waitresses.  

Wine was nice though.  The tapas were served two or one at a time, which is fairly common for a tapas restaurant.  Patatas bravas, king prawns in garlic and chilli sauce, croquettes and meat balls were all really tasty and just as good as any other tapas I've had.  Although the mussels in chilli cream sauce did smell a little fishy.  I'm always a bit wary of mussels but thankfully there were no undesirable after effects! 

The downstair area soon filled up while we were there and the couple behind us made a big song and dance about the service, long waiting time between each tapas and cold food.  I thought they were being a bit over dramatic and it put a further dampener on our evening, however they were soon handed discount vouchers and sincere apologies to shut them up!  I did feel sorry for the waiting staff as they were obviously under staffed and it was a busy night.  I would return, just maybe on weekday night, rather than a weekend when they are less busy.
I returned here one Friday evening again for tapas and wine and it was a much nicer experience.  We were welcomed and sat downstairs again.  The staff were far more at ease and it was less chaotic.  All the tapas served were hot this time and served almost all at once with less waiting around.  Maybe my last visit was just a busy night and understaffed?  Order the meatballs, they are lovely! Will definitely be back, but I advise you to book, they always seem to be busy.
We had a voucher from Groupon for  2 people: 5 tapas and a glass of house wine. So we reserved and checked in on a Wednesday 6:30 pm early evening. It wasn't busy and we were invited to choose a table. 

The tables on offer weren't dressed. I was surprised as it only takes a few glasses and a side plate & napkin, they were bare - bar from a small vase with flowers.

We were eventually given stacked plates 2 napkins 2 forks 2 knives and 1 spoon - eh..? 

The menu was supplied and on choosing our waiter explained that the pigs chees were not available, so we replaced those. in addition we had beer battered Gambas, chorizo sausage, Spanish meat slices with tomato & chili jam and Iberico selection.
The a little later he came back to explain that another tapas - the  Iberico selection  - was not avaiable either. Good.. fine.. can we have the pimento peppers then please? No - they are still awaiting a delivery of those. So we had to settle for croquettas. 

The food was delivered in stages, I was worried they forgotten us but then we got all Tapas eventually. Now here is the thing..who ever said to their chef that Spanish Olive Oil was good for using on a plate,  should also explain to him that it doesn't have to be so much, nor does it have to be on everything that is served. Apart from the Gambas everything else was drenched in olive oil. 

I also had one taste of the chorizo and I had to send it back as it was awful. The cheese platter we had instead (again with the olive oil) fared no better.

We left quite unsatisfied and also had to get rid of the olive oil taste some how
Like some of my fellows here I had a  voucher so decided to go for lunch.  I had booked but still we got the crampest table for 2 people. 
Never mind, we were entitled to a glass of wine and 5 tapas to share, so we ordered a selection and a glass of rose wine each.  When bringing the wine, the waitress asked us if we wanted bread and olives.  We were happy to pay extra for that so we said yes as some nibbles welcome to soak up the wine at this early time in the afternoon.
Then, the waiting game started.  We waited, and waited, and waited.  And guess what, nothing happened.   Eventually, oh surprise, a plate of tapas turned up, with an apology I have to say.  On its own.  So we ate it.  And waited.  then another turned up.  And so on and so on. 
In the meantime, we had managed to swallow a fairly disgusting rose wine, just because it was there.   
Overall, a pretty bad experience. The food was fairly poor, the tortilla was dry, the calamari was soggy.  The tapas came in stages, the service was slow, our olives and bread never turned up.  An hour later, we both started to feel very queasy and headachy and had to go and lie down.
The only reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because the waiter apologised for the delay a couple of times.  
I certainly won't go back. There are places that make far better tapas in town.
My First one star review!

This appears to be a restaurant with two distinct areas: Tapas Bar and Restaurant which is Iggs next door. We ate in the Tapas bar as we needed to stay near the train station to pick up a friend and I really wish we hadn't bothered. 

The service was cheerful and friendly but incredibly slow. We ordered cava which sat on the bar for so long we almost went to get the bottle ourselves. I made a point of saying was it cold still and the waitress assured me it was...it wasn't! The only table available was (we subsequently discovered) by a draughty door. We ordered about ten dishes including Gambas al Ajillo and a few others like the cheeses and hams and the morcilla.

The whole of the food served looked like a very tired collection of bits thrown on to the plates and  did not set the taste buds going in any way. The portions were also small. The impression I gained was that this had not been recently prepared. The mussels were largely colourless, tasteless and decidedly limp. The sauce they sat in was only luke warm. The Calamari could have been tepid rubber bands. The whitebait was neither crisp nor hot. The prawns were dull in complexion and flavour.

The Gambas al ajillo were again dull and limp. Plus all the dishes had different mayonnaises like saffron alioli and lemon mayo etc. but were all acutally the same cheap squeezy mayo.

All in all one got the feeling that this was a tapas bar that did not want to give the impression that it was concerned to entice customers back and thereby create a regular clientele.We paid up and left quickly and went round the corner to Monteiths for some better food and some good wine! Something I wish we had done before walking through the door!
I've eaten here loads of times in the last couple of years as the chain's Tapas for A Tenner deal is not to be sniffed at. This branch has though I think ceased offering that. This time around our intention was to have the Rapido menu (3 dishes & a drink for £7.95) but despite being seated before the cut off point of 5pm this was also unavailable.


 Undaunted we went for the cheapest set menu option (£12.45 per head) and managed to not finish it which is I suppose a good sign. Wine was reasonably priced too and the only other slightly negative point was the difficulty in attracting attention to get our bill, despite the fact there were more than enough staff wandering about the place.


 A continuing favourite though.
Ugh!  Having lived in Spain for over two years and visited all regions I was excited to find this restaurant in the heart of Edinburgh.  Yes, the majority of the staff is Spanish, but the food is not!  Nearly all of the dishes we ordered, and we ordered a lot were a poor attempt at recreating Spanish cuisine.  If you haven't been to the real Spain, you'll probably think this place is great.  If you want real Spanish food, you'll have to find another place.  (I'd welcome any suggestions).  On a side note, we brought our toddler here and were given some of the most horrible looks by staff and patrons.  The only way you'd ever catch me here again was sitting at the bar trying to enjoy Sangria and having real Spanish beer.  Don't waste your money!!!
I came here once on a date (a rather awkward one at that) and thought the Spanish decor and warm atmosphere would put me at ease. But it didn't! The restaurant itself has been decorated in true traditional Spanish style and looks amazing when you first walk in. We were shown to our seat  - a lovely one in the window -  but our table was messy and there was food everywhere. I found this odd, as there were only 3 other tables in at the time, they wern't exactly busy.
We ordered a selection of tapas and was impressed at how quickly it came, but sadly I wasn't impressed by the food. To me, Tapas is really exciting and full of flavour, but the dishes we had were boring and really rather plain. I got the impression it had some straight from the freezer.

As a franchise it's a nice addition, the location is great and the staff are friendly. Didn't leave me singing la vida loca, however.
Great location in the city center with the Castle close by. It was such a nice way to end our time in Edinburgh. 

I was a Tapas virgin until I came here and the waiters were super friendly and helpful. I think even the manager of the restaurant came by at one point so I feel like they are making a real effort since the time the other reviews were posted. The staff was friendly and gave us plenty of time to ponder and order, explaining as they went and asking about whether we had been previously. In fact, they were so attentive that I was surprised when my boyfriend told me it was a chain!

The food was pretty much an A. I have had Tapas a couple time since then and the food has basically tied with this place with no clear surpassers in terms of flavors. However, the menu seems to have changed quite a bit in the past 6 months or so?

The interior is quite the contrast to the formal facade. It's rustic with truly Spanish inspired art and warm yellow coloring. The lacquered wood furnishings and bright accents really make you feel like you're in the country itself. Many different kinds of people sat amid the animated pillows making it comfortable and welcoming. Good for date nights or family dinners and anything in between!
A group of us dined here earlier this week. The menu is essentially built on Spanish tradition, but presented in a clean and modern style. The decor is also clean and modern, with lots of beige and brown, although this is fast becoming so ubiquitous as to make such places anonymous. But it was comfy and well ordered, and table spacing was quite generous (especially compared with London these days).


 We chose from the set evening menu, which is around £25 for 2 courses and £30 for three - service at 10% is added on top. Most of us made do with two courses, although the choices for vegetarians were a little limited. Fish lovers will - as in Spain - find themselves very well catered for. Two can share a mixed tapas starter for a supplement.


 The quality of the food was pretty much faultless - well presented and very tasty, the only quibble being the portions, which were a little mean for the price. It was only thanks to having some nice boiled new potatoes, and bread with the starters, that I didn't actually leave hungry - which is something I've never found in Spain itself.


 The wine list starts at around £20 a bottle, and like the food focusses on Spanish produce, although in a wider choice of types than one normally finds - even in Spain. For £20 we chose a very fresh, fragrant, Spanish Sauvignon Blanc, which turned out to be a real winner. They also served us with big jugs of tap water, which is also positive in my eyes.


 Service was very cheerful and, apart from one glitch (forgetting my starter, which came a little later) was efficient and unobtrusive. Our waitress was actually a delight - charismatic and appropriately apologetic for the delay, which did the trick.


 Overall, we had a very nice evening, and the food was undoubtedly good: but at £43 a head for two courses with wine (a few had coffee) just a little more generosity on the quantity would have earned 5*.


 The lunch menu at £17.50 for three courses would represent much better value, however - indeed, it would probably be ideal for a business lunch.
I usually shy away from spanish restaurants, as I find that very often all you end up with are loads of little plates that all look and taste of exactly the same two ingredients - paprika and grease. I was invited out to dinner here last night, and I'm pleased to announce that my preconceptions have been proved wrong by Iggs & Barioja.

The name is a bit weird and confusing, it's true. The Iggs part is their more formal, men-should-probably-wear-a-jacket sort of place where you eat a full á la carte meal rather than tapas. The other side of the room is Barioja (there are separate entrances but it's pretty much all one pace), which is where we ate.

We'd all had a fairly big lunch, so we didn't really need a huge meal. We got 6 tapas dishes between the 3 of us, with a basket of bread and olives, and it was just the right amount of food.

The tapas menu is literally pages long. And aside from all the things you'd expect to find, like serrano ham wrapped around manchego cheese, or patatas bravas, there were a huge a number of dishes I'd never heard of - and I've just spent a year living in spain and south america! 

My personal favourite was the cod: on the menu it simply said "cod seared in saffron", but what arrived was way better... It was like when you get to the till and find that the gorgeous pair of shoes you're buying are actually half price! There were 4 huge chunks of cod, filled with some kind of goat's cheese, walnut and garlic purée, and it was unbelievably good.

If you're into your wines, particularly your reds, then you'll love this place. The house wines start at £19 a bottle, and go up to £3,000, so even the most discerning wine buff will find something they like.

For 6 tapas, bread, olives, and a bottle of house wine, you can expect to pay around £45 in total.
I've always walked past this quaint restaurant and noticed it's always busy! Plus they have a really cute smart car that scoots around the city with the license plate 'T4 PAS' so I was intrigued.

Barioja is a really warm, welcoming place that has a great atmosphere. The Spanish way of life is very welcoming and family-orientated, and is captured really well in this restaurant. The menu was ridiculously big! It took me about 30 minutes to look through everything, as I wanted to make sure I chose the right things. There were 4 of us and we had 10 tapas dishes, which was way too much. Everything was really good though  - especially the fish dishes and the mustard-chicken. 
The best thing about this restaurant is that not many people know about it. Locals to Edinburgh always come here, which always says quality.
Being majorly into Spanish culture in general, which of course includes a good scoff of all the tasty food, Iggs and Barioja are both highly appealing to me.

Iggs, the more formal of the two restaurants, and the pricier option, is great for a slightly more special occasion-esque outing, or just a planned group meal in general, whereas Barioja has a more casual, laid back feel to it. Iggs is most definitely a fine restaurant, whereas Barioja feels absolutely like the fun and chilled out tapas bar it is. 

Iggs serves up modern Spanish culinary creations, and it has an AA Rosette Award for its food achievements. Barioja is the place for a big variety of traditional tapas and a cheeky jug of sangria, perfect for me, as I'm the most indecisive, annoying person to go for dinner with, and I can never decide what to have, so choosing lots of different dishes is ideal.
We stopped in during the festival (make reservations!). The food was very carefully prepared, and quite nice.  I see one reviewer was concerned that this is a tapas establishment (that would be the bar next door). No, this has credible Spanish food, and a reasonable wine list. A fun evening.
Fantastic Tapas just a little off the beaten path. If you can't decide, get the chef's choice party platter to share - the tapas keep coming and there's not a bad choice in the bunch!  

The staff is friendly, and the decor is very nice. Be sure to say "hi" to Iggy!
Iggs & Barioja is mainly known for the tapas-half of the whole. This restaurant is split in two. Iggs is the restaurant, serving starters and main meals. Barioja is the tapas bar. The contrast between the two in terms of ambience was quite clear the night I went. Iggs was full of fine diners, quiet and subdued. Barioja was spilling over with Festival go'ers and had that real Spanish-street tapas feel about it.

We had a voucher for Iggs, although in honesty I probably would have preferred to try Barioja. The boy, who is a born and bred Spaniard, tells me the tapas at Barioja is really good. But we both agreed that the meals at Iggs were ok, but just that. 

My quail starter was quite nice, with lentils and red peppers. But my rabbit main was quite dry. I know rabbit is a hard meat to cook, but it really was a little too dry to enjoy. The steak the boy had looked a-ok, but just that.

The service was friendly. The ambience a little stuffy. I don't know, there's something about it here that felt fine but didn't seem to shine in any particular way. The menu was a little by-the-book.

I think where this restaurant DOES shine is the tapas bar next door. It was bustling, lively, lots of different interesting things on the menu. Cooking tapas is different to cooking main meals. The meals were a little uninspired and I felt lacking the love and enthusiasm of the little plate offerings next door.

A little disappointed to be honest, but it certainly wasn't a bad experience. Just underwhelming. Next time I'll try the tapas for sure.
When your fault finding parents can't find fault... you know you are on to a winner. Based on Jenny L.'s previous review, for my parents anniversary (51yrs wed, can you believe it, folks?) - we plumped to check out tapas, as this is a recent addition to the artillery of cuisine my mother is willing to partake in. And what better place than the place I've been eyeing up for a few weeks now? We were not disappointed. 

Asparagus with romesco sauce. Calamari. Air dried Iberian meats. Lamb. Meatballs. Langoustines (secretly king prawns) with capers. Gambas Pil Pil (very pil pil, my dear). Bread and oil. Vegetarian paella. We ate and ate and ate and ate. The boy, sceptical of tapas and inability to fill up his bottomless stomach, was defeated. 

Service was lovely - although one of the waiters seemed to want us to eat faster than we wanted to - but he came in handy when we wanted the bill. Our waitress seemed overwhelmed as it was her first day but did a good job - although could have done with someone checking on drinks - we did have to pull someone aside for that. Dessert also took an awfully long time to arrive - but on an evening where we were just kicking back with a wine glass in hand, that wasn't really frowned on either. 

All in all, had a nice meal here - I think the only one that I found lacked was the paella - could have done with some lemon to jazz up the flavour. Calamari was a little tough, but definitely hadn't reacehed rubber territory. The langoustines were definitely a highlight for me. 

We finished up, stomachs groaning, with a crema catalina - that I was not a fan of - thick, lumpy with strong spice notes in it - it wasn't for me- I have no idea if the consistency was right - I was expecting more of a creme brulee than I got - perhaps another place, another time to try that again. But for our savoury choices, Barioja got four thumbs up. A resounding first choice.
I haven't been into Barioja, so this review is solely for 'fine dining' Iggs next door.

Where to start with Iggs?

On my first visit to the restaurant, I had a voucher from a well known group buying site. I was quite looking forward to the evening, as the boy and I rarely go out for fancy dinners. Usually it's just the two of us grabbing a quick meal because we can't be bothered cooking. 

So we were quite disappointed when we arrived at the restaurant, gasping for a drink, and were basically ignored by the staff. When the waiter eventually took our wine order (white, btw) it took about half an hour and 2 courses to arrive. When I politely enquired, he shouted dismissively over his shoulder "your wine is coming." The bad service continued throughout the evening, and we left feeling that although the food was yummy we wouldn't be returning.

Then I was contacted by The Restaurant Inspector from the telly. 

Apparently the restaurant had just had a refurb, they were shooting a TV show, they'd seen my review on TripAdvisor, and would I like to come along. Again I was quite excited about the whole thing and spent a day getting ready for my close up.

Upon arrival we noticed the ambience was a lot friendlier, but sadly a lot of redeeming character from the original restaurant was gone. The dark red walls were now the ubiquitous beige colour that those of us in new-build flats are all too familiar with. The wine list (zut alors!) was shorter: we ended up ordering a bottle of Miguel Torres. I thought the food was just as nice, but James reckons that it has actually gone downhill.

And then we had to wait an hour for the bill. In fact, if we hadn't walked out (leaving our names and addresses should they wish to recoup costs of course! We aint no thieves) we might still be there, waiting.

I feel really bad writing this review. Iggy seems like a really nice man, and I'm sure he's doing all he can do improve his restaurant. But I think he had the formula right in the first place. All he needed to do was train his waiters on customer service.

Phew, bit of a rant there!
Really enjoyable meal. Can recommend the neck of lamb, the seabass and the monkfish dishes. The pork belly and white bean dishes a little disappointing. Cheese board was good; question: are cheeses in Spain served with oatcakes? We also enjoyed sherry aperitif, white rjioca wine and sherry as a dessert wine. excellent service by Nicky
Came here partly based on Yelp reviews. For me, I was a bit disappointed. The food was nice, not great, but wasn't very warm which put me off a bit. For the price you pay for each item, I was hoping for a bit better quality. Still a pleasant experience, if not bit cramped (but what part of Edinburgh isn't).
This is for Iggs - I found them listed on the taste card website and as that little plastic card had been vegging in my purse for a few months, I decided it was time to use it. 
It was a Tuesday night and it was fairly busy with lots of business types and couples. 
I had the langoustines to start and the boy had the meat plate.  Mine was lovely but his was just meat, on a plate. No cheese or olives to accompany it.  He was disappointed.
I had the pork with mash for main, it was very pink, in fact it was raw. I swapped with the boy and had his sea bass on risotto with mussels on the side.  The fish was cooked perfectly, the risotto and vegetable croquette were lovely additions.  The boy enjoyed the pork but it was too rare for my liking.  
Would I go back, hmm, probably not.  After reading the reviews on here I think I'd try barioja instead.
Lovely evening out...
A good little Spanish place...
Is a nice, fresh meal
I've been in Iggs on vouchers and have tasted their own label red wine last year, this year their crop was to little and they had to replace it. -Not as nice. 

What I remember is the squid starter that was cooked in its own ink.. yummy and different. The food taste well, authentic even. However I am not wowed by it. The dishes are flavoured a little too subtle. 

I also would like to see more comfortable chairs as I get a flat wooden bum sitting too long.

The few times I have visited I was feeling cold.  Could anyone explain to me why it is so cold in there? 

Barioja on the other hand is a warmer affair and they have nice tapas though from the same kitchen you get more concentrated flavours.

Out of the two I prefer Barioja.
Pretty good, but totally empty the night I went. The food was really tasty and the restaurant located very close to the Jury's Inn just round the corner. I would go again. I think I preferred the french place two doors down though.
I've dined in Iggs a couple of times (on a voucher deal) and the food has always been very good. So why only 3 stars? Well I'll tell you in a minute..

My last visit was over a month ago. The deal was for a starter and main course. Upon arrival to the place, we were seated promptly. There was only one other couple besides us in the restaurant. On the previous occasion, we dined midweeks as well and the place was pretty empty. Maybe busier during weekends? Go figure..

I really enjoyed the house wine on my last visit, so I asked about it but it wasn't available. The waiter - Marco? - explained that the latest wine harvest was pretty bad, so they didn't have as much wine as they would normally have, so we chose another wine which was nice. What kind of annoyed me was that when I mentioned the 'house wine' he assumed that I was after a lower price wine, which was not the case - I was simply after the lovely flavour of the wine which happened to be a house wine. 

For my starter I chose langoustines and main course was rib-eye steak with  padron peppers, anchovy butter & patatas fritas.

The langoustines (4 huge ones) were served with a tarragon butter and were absolutely delicious. I enjoyed it. 

The rib-eye steak was quite nice, it was cooked perfectly. 

I just feel that this place doesn't have the best atmosphere (at least not on those 2 times I have visited). For some reason I feel a little bit uncomfortable with the waiter and realise that it does have an effect on your dining experience.
What happened? 

On a much delayed return visit, I found Barioja to be sorely wanting in comparison to my last visit. We came in with a Groupon. My mother had been dying to try the gambas once more, the last time was a delicious memory of giant grilled prawns - this time, very much shrunken versions of the same dish. Patatas aioli - blatantly reheated and somewhat tasteless. I felt the menu had shrunk as well, and the options on offer much more limited than before. 

Finally, service was seriously lacklustre. The voucher we had was for 5 dishes and 2 glasses of wine - when we got the bill, turned out we were charged for two glasses out of the 6 we were due as part of the offer. It took a long time to resolve, and a lot of patience to explain that 4+2 really did equal six. It will take me some time to be persuaded to return - disappointing food that grew more and more disappointing as we ate; and even more disappointing service. Perhaps touched with a bit of the groupons; but it's sign enough that I can put money in other restaurants, elsewhere.
I was passing through Edinburgh and fancied a late lunch when l came across this wee place. There was a board outside with a special that tempted me in and that was a selection of tapa's for £10 with it l had a small soft drink.


The food was great and the service was fine. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to try Spanish food
I find Dionika kind of hard to place: is it a bar, a deli or a restaurant? The answer is all of the above. The name suggests to me Greek or Mediterranean connections, but it is in fact Basque (a northern region in Spain). Glad we got that cleared up...

The restaurant serves up all manner of delicious tapas nibbly bits as well as more substantial dishes like paella and lobster; fresh fish is a bit of a speciality. Even if you just pop in for a glass of wine, you are provided with a small dish of gloriously fat and tasty olives. The delicatessen is a bit on the pricey side, but the food is damn fine and there's nowhere else in Edinburgh that sells such a good selection of hams and chorizos. It's all well worth going down to Canonmills for.
I struggled with the decision of four of five stars ... I decided to go with four because while I LOVED the food here, it fell down in one or two places.

I went here with my man this past summer, when is was so excruciatingly hot (remember that weekend?) that we spent most of our time laying around complaining, and drinking cold beer.  My guy went for a meal with one of his buddies here a couple of weeks prior and raved about it so much that I forced him to take me one evening when we were able to peel ourselves off the floor.
He reported that the beers were quite pricey so we opted for a bottle of white wine.  The white wine selection was pretty limited and not cheap (we ordered the cheapest bottle at something like £15.00), and I regret to say that we were most assuredly not impressed with our choice.  

Our food, however, more than made up for it.  I love tapas because I love variety.  We ordered three or four dishes each and enjoyed every bite.  I would love to go into detail but have a memory like a sieve and can't remember what we ordered off the top of my head.  I would be pretty confident, though, that anything you order here will be grat.    

The problem with Dionika is that no one ever goes here.  I honestly don't know how they survive.  I have NEVER seen it full.  It's one of those things where people don't go there because it's always empty, but of course it's always empty because no one goes there.  

We keep wanting to go back but walk by and it's so dead that we decide to go somewhere else.  I think maybe everyone who likes this place need to agree on a night to go there so we can have great food AND good atmosphere!

One other oddity - at the end of our meal the owner/chef came out and made his chatty round of the dining room (all three tables).  He was very spirited and certainly loves his restaurant.  He was a bit eccentric, but gave us complimentary booze so our hearts were won over.

Edit:  I forgot to mention that the meal (including 15 pounds for a bottle of wine) was 40 pounds.  I thought it was a major bargain.
Take 8 hungry Yelpers, a miserable winter's night, and Dionika and you've got quite a nice mix of "om nom nom", "more wine please" and general all-round fun.

One thing is for sure - tapas is a sociable food. So big thumbs up to Emily V. for suggesting we all get tapas here. Whilst there was some cagey tactics at getting the last piece of chorizo or chicken wings, all the food was eaten. Nom.

Dionika is slightly out of the way, which perhaps explains why it was empty except for our table. And only two other tables came in that night. I've heard, from Emily V., this is common. 

It's bright, warm and fun inside and appears to be more traditionally Spanish than the more main stream "La Tasca" and the like. So why the 3*s?

Well, they didn't have the main chicken dish on the menu that we were all wanting. Especially poor Chris M. who doesn't like chorizo (there's a story behind that one), aubergine, mushrooms, or pretty much anything else we ordered... Ando n a Saturday night, when as previously mentioned, the place was empty. So it seems they just hadn't stocked up or prepped properly.

And the food was...so-so. It felt a little 'old' and boring, as if the chef was used to just dolling out the same thing night after night and wasn't particularly passionate about it. Spanish / mediterranean cuisine is one of my all-time favourites, and the raw ingredients are so delicious it's hard to go wrong. But it was a little underwhelming. And a little too greasy / oily/ cheesy / deepfriend. Almost every dish had a layer of visible grease.

It also took us a while to get our bill. The waiters seemed a little laxidaisacal and uninterested (again, despite that there were more waiters than full tables).

It felt as though Dionika had a self-conscious awareness at how old, tired and empty it normally is and as such the food, staff, and general atmosphere had lulled.

It would be nice to bring a family here, or a larger table as we did precisely for the sociable aspect of Spanish food. Just make sure and bring the atmosphere too.
I'm not sure how I got to the age of 25 without having had a Tapas experience but Dionika was certainly a good place to start and it's definately put me on a mission to expand my Tapas repertoire!

I went there with 7 other friends on a Saturday evening and it was nicely decorated with plenty of welcoming staff but you could have heard the tumbleweed roll by when we went in.

I'm told this place has been around for a long time but given that we were the only diners there when we arrived and the prices were very reasonable I have no idea how they are making their money. We were there for a good couple of hours and only one other table was occupied during that time. This is quite nice if you are a large group of tapas novices who require a wee bit of extra attention from the staff and want to have a good blether with each other but it must be a bit awkward if you go with a partner and feel that your every word can be heard.

It's a shame that Dionika is lacking in patrons to bring in a bit of atmosphere because the food is delicious, varied, fun and really good value for money. Any place that can make anchovies taste good deserve some recognition in my book. The staff indulged our group when we ordered a single portion of fried milk out of curiosity (still undecided on this wierd custardy creation). 

I'd like to add that I was impressed by the nice, fluffy towel in the ladies loo. This might sound unhygienic but given the limited number of users it was actually a nice touch!